5	I had dinner here for the grand opening night. Considering it was the first official day of their opening, service and food was excellent. The waitstaff was friendly and made sure drinks were always full. The burgers themselves are a little smaller than average for a gourmet burger but very delicious. All items are la carte so make sure you order some fries. The truffle parmesan fries are great with their dipping sauces. The highlight of my meal was the strawberry shake with coconut pudding. It's is the most expensive shake I have ordered ($8) but it was also the best shake I have had. The shakes are a must. I would come back again.
4	* Since there's no ONLINE MENU - I took pictures for ya'll! Look in the photo gallery. * The namesake carries some heavy expectations and also prejudices for a TV personality, but this place really has done justice even on just their 2nd day of being opened. I was excited for this as a few days prior I walked by and they were having a meeting. I stood there listening in and looking through the curtain like a total creeper.  I was worried there might be a wait, being a famous name, and brand new. I did try to call, but had a hard time getting to them and decided to come chance it anyways. It was busy, but there was no wait to be seated when we came at 5ish.The menu is a cheeky paper menu that they encourage you to take as a souvenir, if you wish. With us being a bit of fans, yes, I took mine home. *blush*. Some people might be confused with the two different pricing but the orange is for Total Rewards members of PH Hotel&Casino so before dining, go get a card for a savings of $1 off per each item you order. The Farm Burger - this was a rather good burger if you like something to showcase natural flavors than big zesty spicy accompaniments. You can tell the meat quality is top notch and the flavor on it is fantastic. We did order a medium rare but it was more on the medium side, just a small oversight. The duck bacon was a curiousity, but basically just like bacon, just less fatty than pork. The brioche bun was so lovely soft and had a perfect flavor and toast to the inside. The egg is always a good flavor with beef. It needed a tad something to tie it all together so put some of the chipotle or curry ketchup on it! It isn't a huge burger, but trust we were full splitting all our items and I can tuck in and eat. Fresh roasted chili dawg - so the beef "devil dawgs" are cooked in a hellfire hot sauce and then grilled. I would rarely say a hot dog is gourmet or worth paying for, but this was seriously good. Fuck Pinks next door (its not like the one in LA anyways), and get this instead! I love the crispy texas toast like hot dog bun it was on and the dog was snappy, and super juicy and does taste of hotsauce it was cooked in! The toppings of the jalapeno, roasted fresno peppers, avocado, onion, cheddar and chipotle mayo were perfect with it. Just Fries - these were lovely skin on fries. I read in a press junket they use a specific more fluffy potato and do the 3 step fry method. These were crisp yet fluffy, not thick but not thin either and for me that's the ideal fry. The chipotle and curry ketchups were both very good, I didn't have a favorite. I just alternated every other fry.  Shake # 5 - they split ours up for us which was a nice move on their service. This was rich and so good. I love the texture and flavor contrast between the shake and the swirl of pudding they put. This one was chocolate hazelnut pudding with coffee shake and a awesome praline cookie thin. It didn't taste too much like hazelnuts though, but more like chocolate caramel pudding but still good. It was good to split, it would have been too much for me to do one whole. Service was super friendly, personable and attentive. Much more cohesive than I would expect of a newbie restaurant. They asked how we heard of them, hows our day going, explained the menu, etc as we sat down and browsed. Our drinks were filled without ever asking and we were checked on a few times to see how we are doing. Their uniforms here are something else. Ladies are very form fitting and short so there's a eyecandy element to this place. After ordering our food did take a while to get to us so we sat around for a bit. Still, I would rather have it cooked right than rushed to where standards are lowered. Very satisfied with this meal and will be returning absolutely! Of course on principle I do reserve 5 stars for consistency upon return visits, but this is a highly recommended 4 stars. Definitely one of the better burgers I've had in this city and I don't trek onto the strip for bollocks either.
5	I was here on Sun and this was their 2nd day (1st lunch opening).  This place was amazing!  It's like an upscale sports bar and since I went on a Sunday, it was perfect for Sunday football!  The openness of the restaurant was very inviting.  I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and the Roasted Jalapeno Poppers.  The presentation of the poppers was nice and they were in individual shot glasses with their own dip.  It was good especially if you like spicy food like myself.  The only downfall of the burger was that I ordered my burger medium and they cooked it well done.  It was still good so I kept on eating it.  So despite what I wanted, it was still very tasty and I was quite pleased with the manager's attentiveness to the situation.
2	We went to this restaurant the 3rd day after their grand opening. Don't waste your time or money.  First we waited 25 minutes to get seated and we were first in line and restaurant was fairly empty.  The staff is super friendly, helpful and great.  The service is extremely slow. From the time they took our order to the moment our food landed on our table was a good 50 minutes. We almost left.  The food is not good. We ordered burgers. They are tiny, the bread is not so good either. Mi ordered a vegetarian burger, which is portobello mushroom, awful. I get the same burger at Cheesecake Factory and it tastes awesome.  The burgers don't come with fried so we had to order fries separately which was $11 per order. 4 burgers and two fries cost us about $120.  I wouldnot go back again. Save your money and go somewhere else.
1	Wish I could say we got to try the food...we were sat, and waited for 20 minutes...it wasn't even busy (this is coming from a former server of 11 years who is very sympathetic). We had to leave because I was so hungry and we started to see numerous parties get sat after us. Oh well! The burger that I was going to order came out to the table right next to me (still, we were not acknowledged) and it didn't look great, a little overdone, but who knows maybe they wanted it that way... Next time... Or not
4	Really on the 3/4 fence here.  Server, when she was to be found, was very enthusiastic and seemed genuinely excited about her job.  The problem was the execution of her role: asked three times for an ice water, waited 10-15 minutes for a beer, etc.  They were fairly busy and had only been opened three days, so maybe she was still getting acclimated, but I do get tired of making excuses for weak service, whatever the reason is.The burger I had with bleu cheese was outstanding and the ($8) fries were very good as well.  But perhaps the biggest surprise was how tasty the naan, veggie and sea salt hummus was as an appetizer.There were three people in our party and the tab, with tip, was $142 and included three alcoholic beverages.  Obscene-even by Strip standards-for a burger joint, but I guess I'd recommend it if you're in the area and don't want to cross the street for the equally good-and not quite as pricey-Holsteins.
5	Great food and awesome service. Was only open 2 days back everything was great. This is a must for anyone on the strip. Fun, vibrant and upbeat place. Great selection of food and beer. Will be back again soon. I have never seen such great service. Gordon Ramsey knows how to do it right.
5	After popping my Gordon Ramsay cherry I now know what has been missing from my life. One meal at Gordon Ramsay BurGR and I've thought up the greatest restaurant concept of all time: Burgers and Boners. What is Burgers and Boners you ask? It's a Burger and Wing place where the hostesses and waiters/waitresses are scantily clad. What's that? You think this idea is really similar to Hooters? Well, at Burgers and Boners we will actually serve gourmet food instead of frozen wings and shitty beer.Where was I? Ah yes, BurGR. The Farm Burger was incredible. It was perfectly cooked, the duck bacon was crispy and flavorful, and the fries came with a curry ketchup that was both confusing and delicious at the same time.In closing, please do not steal my idea. I will come after you for damages. I know lots of lawyers and you will be sorry. Oh, and don't forget to eat at BurGR. But mainly stay the hell away from Burgers and Boners.
5	AS PERFECT AS YOU COULD HOPE FOR ! Just ate here last night with my wife Emily . It was WONDERFUL and AMAZING ! We will eat here every visit to Las Vegas from now on!. The Burgers were soooo great. I had the Hellz Kitchen Burger(very hot!) and my wife had the burger with Mango Chutney. We  loved them.They were slow cooked to lock in all the juice and flavor , hers Rare and mine Medium both came out perfectly cooked ! We had the Pig Bao sliders( 2 to a plate) ... sooo yummy, the thin Bao buns are a delicious modern taste advancement to traditional Hum Bao. light and so good! The drinks were fab. I had a Cherry Whiskey cocktail and my wife had a Shake ...THE BEST SHAKE ON THIS PLANET! ... please do not let Pregnant women find out about this Chocolate shake or we won't be able to get in the door ! The Deschutes beer was really great and the dessert was "Spot On" perfect too- Push up pops! ... and our server Heather was as perfect a host as you might hope for. She made us feel so comfortable and and had great suggestions about everything. Give here a raise! A+ all the way.
4	The food is really good, the service needs a ton of work.  Gordon should bring a crew his TV show that turns around restaurants here to give them some tips.My dining companions and I shared onion rings, a cheeseburger and a hot dog.  The Hells Kitchen burger was tasty and packed a bit of heat from the peppers. A solid burger that I would order again.  The dog was so huge that it was borderline obscene, also very tasty and packed some heat.  The rings and fries were perfectly good, nothing spectacular.The service was slllloooooowwwww.  We waited 40 minutes after ordering for the food to arrive.  I am sure the kitchen is slammed and working out the kinks since they've only been open a week but the servers made it worse with comments such as: "Wow, your food hasn't arrived yet, that's totally sucks!  But I promise it will be worth the wait, save room for dessert"The comment may have been cute and peppy 1 time but it was gratingly annoying the fifth time.I'll come back after the kinks have been worked out of the operation.  The burgers are really, really good...
1	Dreadful. Abominable. Godawful. "Bad" to the 10th degree.The meat is tasteless.The buns are stale.The toppings are paltry.And it's all insanely expensive.I mean come on....$11 for undercooked truffle fries!!!! $16 for a tiny burger with a hard piece of prosciutto on it!!!!If you want a so-called gourmet burger with unconventional toppings, and a better cut of meat, go to Burger Bar or Barrymore or Holsteins or Bachi.If you want a great regular burger that's infinitely better than this excuse for food, go to Smashburger or Badger Cafe.But whatever you do, avoid this godawful Gordon Ramsey ego fever-dream.We've all heard that the Brits know nothing about good food. Well, Gordon Ramsey proves it many times over with BurGR.
5	This was perhaps the best restaurant burger I've ever had. I typically don't like restaurant burgers as I grew up on overcooked, brick-like burgers so sloppy toppings and juicy burgers just aren't my thing. This however was delicious and I would go again in a heartbeat. I ordered the uber cheeseburger: burger, 3 cheeses, bun. That's it. Meat and cheese. That is all I need or want in life. Screw vegetables. I also got the Just Fries with the two ketchups. The curry ketchup was interested but I didn't really like it. The chipotle ketchup tasted like normal ketchup so it got the job done.I really enjoyed the theming/style and the iPad drink menu was neat but a little buggy. I went the second day it was open and it wasn't too busy. Service was insanely good. We must have been helped by 5 different people, each letting us know they were assisting our main server. They each gave us their name and said to not hesitate to grab anyone of them if our main server wasn't available.I thoroughly enjoyed this place and recommend it highly.
1	Burgers are interesting, shakes are divine, parmesan fries are tasty, but the Caesar salad- weaksauce!  It is supposed to have apples, but I discovered only 4 paper-thin slices.  The croutons were greasy and there was almost nothing as far as dressing on the salad.
1	Overly ambitious cafeteria style food - with a big name to back it.Wings were raw, had the texture of something frozen, no juiciness, and awful Asian inspired sauce. Pork belly bun was just as bad. Dry bun came with the driest piece of pork belly I ever had.My burger, which is apparently grilled over applewood, had no taste of wood, smoke, or juiciness. The bun was stale and dry.Why would Gordon Ramsay put his name behind such a place? Clearly he hasn't tried the food.I lay here after a weekend in Vegas, on the verge of a cold from partying all night at Marquee. I could definitely have used my last meal in Vegas to get some sort of vitamins, or just a little bit of emotional uplift from the food. Instead I left Vegas cold, empty, dejected, and miserable.Damn you Vegas, and damn you Gordon Ramsay.
1	So sad that we had to wait 25 minutes for one of the worst burgers I've had this year.  Bread was rough, dry and just sucked.Burger was overdone but didn't matter because it was under seasoned and totally not juicy.  I would of taken any fast food joint's burger over this.Wings tasted boiled, over boiled.I'm Chinese, cha siu pork baos, yeah nice try.  The server said they buy the baos from a Korean place?  Uh...its a Chinese dish.The manager took off the appetizers on the bill.  When asked about my burger, he took that off too.  I was like jeeze, I don't need a free lunch.  Just make it good. Being from San Francisco, we may be a bit snobby but seriously, we know good food, all kinds of food, especially burgers.  5 stars for Garrett our server.  Sorry his great customer service couldn't make the burger taste any better, so 1 star overall.  Many pretty good looking servers including Garrett.
1	I'm here to write my peace with BurGr in LV ! My second job is a bartender server as well and I understand about being slammed so when a bartender can make a connection with a customer it's a great thing...service from the lady bartender was excellent albeit quick...customers can feel a servers anxiety and she did well...i was kinda shocked at the gentlemen bar guys telling a customer sitting at the bar (after he waited for his order and requesting where it was ) : 'what do you want bro ?...all our orders are 25 minutes from the grill" Like he was an uninformed goob....come on : the customer was simply asking where his order was...(and it turned out it was ice cream dessert....just pull from the freezer) and don't call him 'bro' cause he ain't your bro...Asked for a certain temp in the burger and was a few notches North...ugh.Fries...cold and stale...huh ? Hot Dog...I know there's nitrates in them but damn...!Beer list is awesome...Too many great burgers all over Vegas to let us down Gordon....All in all we were politely asked how it was and I never complain but the time I chose to say something...Karma hit me that eve with a touch of food poisoning or my stomach just couldnt keep this down....so to the staff at Burgr yes I understand karma is a bitch and I got mine...so Im here to make peace with BurGr and go on my way....
4	Not sure why people are giving this place less than 3-stars =/Just tried this place out on NYE and it was pretty good in my mind.Although the wait was a bit irritating since we had a party of 6, but not much to blabble about. Service was great, waitress, hostess, even the manager were all friendly. Food in my opinion was nothing less-expected from GR. Ordered the Euro-Burger (Rare) and the Truffle Parmesan Fries. Both were amazing. Burger was cooked to my order. The fries were dericious, when they were still hot. The 2 sauces (Truffle Aioli & Ketchup) that came with the fries made my taste buds go insane. I especially liked the in-house kitchen ketchup, it had a sweet flavoring to it. Overall: I would recommend this place for people visiting Vegas to at least try it out. Will definitely come back and do another review after trying more of their menu!!
2	Queue the opening credits from Kitchen Nightmares...This restaurant appears to be owned by an over zealous TV personality.  The name is quirky as is the location; jammed in-between halls of casino games at Planet Hollywood.  The egotistical pictures slung everywhere from the walls to the opening page of the menus, are sophomoric at best.The bartenders hurriedly slam Guinness into non-pint glasses, and slop them in front of patrons without care.  The hostesses ask for a phone number so they can text you when your table is ready. Very cool, Gordon but a bit unnecessary.  The iPad drink menus are way less interactive than the ones at GR Steak, and there seems to have been less purchased since we had a to wait a while to see one.Once seated, the waitresses were clearly over-stressed and undertrained.  The chicken wing appetizer (specifically the wasabi dressing) tasted like a kid fresh from culinary school pretending to understand flavor pairings.  The burgers were next to arrive after a painful forty minute wait.  So this is a BurGR, well it is poorly seasoned and over cooked.  Completely unimaginative and poorly executed.  The milkshake, ordered first, quizzically arrives next and is so sweet it cannot be enjoyed.  Finally, making its way to our table is the order of "Just Fries" and that is exactly what are, nothing memorable or special.  With Gordon Ramsay Steak and Pub and Grill right down the street, one can avoid wasting money here and go experience a location worthy of the Gordon Ramsay name.  Please Gordon, if you read these, go and rescue this nightmare before people begin to associate your name with this mediocre level of restaurant.
3	I am a HUGE burger fan.  I mean, I LOVE burgers, love them more than anything in the world.  In fact, I think that my overwhelming love of burgers kind of makes me an expert.  With that said, the burger here was good.  There were JUST a few things that could have been changed to make it GREAT.I ordered the farm burger, and like the rest of my group, it was cooked just north of medium.  Also, the fried egg that was supposed to "ooze" as I bite into my burger did not ooze.  It really barely squished a bit.  THAT was most disappointing.  Despite the slightly over-cooked patty and the non-oozing fried egg, the burger was good.  If those two things had been on par, it probably would have been freakin delicious.  Along with the burgers, we also ordered the sweet potatoe fries and the garlic parmesan fries, and both were great, but ordinary.Our server was awesome.  She was nice and super knowledgable about the menu and happily answered each and every question we had with extreme detail.  Oh yes, and the last thing I want to mention is that our food took a really long time to come out, at least 40 minutes.  I wanted to LOVE this place because I'm a huge Gordon Ramsay fan, but I would say that with the amazing burgers all over Vegas, sadly I probably will never return.
5	Excellent food!  Still not my fav burger in town, but a top 3 for sure.  Read on!  Started off with the jalapeno poppers....very very good!  But NOT very spicy....I couldn't tell which one had the seeds.  Still the best poppers we have had!Went with the chicken sliders app for my baby.  I asked for the sirracha mayo on the side, but it wasn't very spicy either.  Baby enjoyed it and ate it up like ketchup!  LOL.  Chicken was probably dark meat, but had lots of flavor and the greens on there were great!On to the burgers!  Went with the Farm and the Hell's Kitchen burger.  Farm was great, tons of flavor.  The burger meat was cooked perfectly, however, I think they use a leaner beef, since my burger was a perfect medium rare, but not a drip of juice/fat hit the plate.  Still very juicy insides, and good throughout, just not my favorite overall burger in Vegas.  The HK burger was the same way, also very good, NOT spicy at all, but good nonetheless.  Bread was amazing though!READ THIS :  PARMESAN TRUFFLE FRIES.  This is my most favorite way to consume fried potatoes cut into slivers of goodness.  These BLOW away Bachi's in case you are wondering...they aren't even in the same category.  These are AMAZING and I will come back for the fries alone.  The portion is large as well....plenty for two to share.  There is so much flavor and sweetness/saltiness that is going on, explosions of flavor in each bite.  I will come back here for the fries alone. Lastly, went with the strawberry coconut pudding shake.  Super super good. The pudding is the winner here...makes me wonder if I can ask for a coconut pudding shake next time lol.As far as service goes, another 5 stars.  Everytime you need more ice water, they bring a new cup.  One of the bussers took a napkin to our table to clean up all the little tidbits from the fries before dessert arrived.  Service was pretty fast (except dessert taking a while) and we had multiple people checking on our food and experience afterwards....seems like they genuinely care that it went well.Prices are expected but not abusive.  Atmosphere is super trendy but kid friendly.  Music isn't ridiculous like some of Cosmo's spots....solid choice esp if you are in the PH area!Go go go!
3	Went here for lunch and had their mexican burger.  The burger was ok, nothing special.  I feel they could do more as far as flavor and seasoning. They have a decent beer list.  The location is cool and great for people watching.  I'd go back but prob try some other places first.
5	One of if not the best burger I have had the Britannia Burger was so damn good. I thought I was dreaming. I sent compliments to the chef and the manager. Thank u again I am gonna come back to Vegas just for that.
4	Visited January fourth for a late lunch. The hostesses were incredibly nice and seated us immediately. Our server Alex was quite friendly and talkative and explained the menu well and answered all our questions. Drinks were great and the onion ring batter DID NOT fall off when you bit into them which is a deal breaker for me. They were crisp and delicious. My daughter had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and I had the Fresno Chili dog. Now the hamburger was good, but the hotdog was fabulous. I could go for one right now! The burger was a little overcooked, she asked for medium rare and it was definitely medium.The manager Derek came over to check on us and I was shocked at his sincerity and kindness. You just don't see that much in Vegas and it was really appreciated. He will make this restaurant work. Liked the servers outfits, the men's jeans had flames on the back pockets. It was a great experience. went into the pub, but I didn't like what I saw on people's plates. Just personal preference.Having said that, we went to Gordon Ramsey Steak to look at the dinner menu and inquire about possible dinner reservations (this was January 3rd) and the three dinner hostesses (who should really be called out on this by management) would not give us the time of day! It was my daughter's 21st birthday and we are both fans of the show. We were dressed more than appropriately to inquire about reservations.One actually snickered at us and they just turned around after shortly saying, we are booked and went into the restaurant. What about the next day girly???? I should have asked for the manager, but I already knew they would never see a dime of mine. So we went elsewhere and had a great time.
2	BurGR is located in the heart of the Planet Hollywood casino; one of the worst places for a local to access next to maybe anything inside of Caesar's Palace in my book. You have to travel through a full side of the shops and the casino to get to the restaurant which is adjacent to one of the entries off the Strip. Since it had been open barely a week, and also the weekend right before New Year's, I figured it might be best to make a reservation and called the number on their website. After 4 failed phone calls to either clueless Caesar's employees not knowing that this new restaurant existed, or being transferred to lines that went to defunct voicemail boxes, I gave up and took a chance walking in. We arrived to a 35+ minute wait for two, with plenty of larger groups waiting at the front. Luckily there was absolutely no one sitting at the bar so we took our chances there. The entry has a pretty large fire feature wall, which at the time of my visit still wasn't functioning. There is a fairly plain bar that seats about 15 right at the front, with a very open almost cafeteria-like layout of booths and tables. A pretty cool wavy ceiling swoops through most of the space, only broken up by a flat ceiling centered in front of the display kitchen.The menu is fairly simple, and really focuses on the restaurant's namesake: burgers. There are a few interesting sounding appetizers, salads and some tasty shakes from what I've heard. According to their website the burgers are cooked over an open flame fueled by hard woods, the only burger joint of its kind on the Strip. More about that in a second. What is nice to see is that the menu does offer I believe 11 different kinds of pre-designed burger options; I've been to far too many celebrity burger joints on the Strip and found maybe 3 choices on their menu. With this many choices, unless the burger was going to be completely awful I figured I'd have to come back and try one of their more adventurous double stacked burgers that come with a regular patty in addition to another kind of meat. So with this round I went with the slightly more neutral chanterelle burger: chanterelle mushrooms, arugula and figgy-onion jam. What arrived was a perfectly formed burger on an equal sized, perfectly proportioned bun. For some reason I really wanted to hate this meal coming into it, but I was fairly impressed with it upon first bite; the meat was very good quality, and had really good char flavor around the edges that actually made us think back to our last savored bites of a Bachi burger. But that wood-fueled flavor? Not sure that was it. It was cooked close to the medium rare I had ordered, with some pink throughout but really lacking any sort of juices. The chanterelle mushrooms had really good flavor and were proportioned well, and the arugula was a good touch. I forgot all about the figgy-onion jam until after I had finished the burger; apparently either they did too or it just wasn't flavorful enough to stand out. Although the bun was sized perfectly, I found it to be very dry and inconsistent, with some overly buttery bites showing up at welcomed moments. Overall it was a very solid burger. My girlfriend actually compared its overall level of perfection in composition and flavor to the consistency of Bachi, which I understand but don't completely agree with. While I did find the meat to be pretty savory, it's just not on the same level. And Bachi's buns? Forget it; the BurGR ones don't come close.What was a huge letdown for this meal was how awful the fries were; thin, hollow and completely overcooked. We went with the plain fries over the truffle parmesan or sweet potato in order to sample the basics of what are offered, and maybe that was a mistake. Both the curry and chipotle ketchups that accompany the regular fries are good, maybe the chipotle not as much, but neither flavors really go together or make sense with the burgers we ordered. And they were literally so hard and overcooked that my jaw was almost sore from eating them. Having the perfect fries may have changed my overall perception of this meal a bit, as this is a major gripe of mine.I think $16 for just the burger is also a little high, even being in a Strip location. If one is to truly compare the composed perfection to a Bachi burger, which I feel there is just no comparison to that burger, you can get far more for $9. And $8 for our plain fries is insanely high; I'm not sure I would ever consider spending $11 for their truffle parmesan or $9 for the sweet potato fries after sampling these. If you're obsessed with Ramsay, or the whole celebrity chef thing, then you'll probably be impressed with the quality of this burger, as many folks on Yelp seem to be right now. But if you're looking for simply a fantastic burger, there are far better options on the Strip in better locations, and plenty more throughout the city for a far better price.
4	Sunday lunch, lots of TVs to watch the Football games.  It was opening weekend so you could tell everyone was a bit frantic but honestly service was fine.  Had the Euro burger with goat cheese and it was cooked to a nice medium.  The burger was a nice size, not too big but maybe slightly too small to share.  The truffle Parmesan fries were really good and a pretty large portion (easily share).  The sticky toffee pops were not my favorite.  I order the sticky toffee dessert at all of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants (including one in London) and honestly this version I just wasn't too keen on.  The peanut butter ice cream was the problem.  It seemed too salty, maybe with a caramel ice cream it would be better.  Overall not my favorite burger joint in Vegas (Bachi burger is the current winner) but if I was stuck on the strip I certainly wouldn't complain.
5	Usually a tradition once we roll into Vegas is to check in, drop off our luggage up in the room, and hit a burger joint. And being that we were pretty disappointed in our last burger place experience, I am happy to report that Gordon did not let us down! The number one factor was the caliber of the service. Friendly, attentive, knowledgable- 5 stars just for that! Most of my stars are for service and work their way down from the 5 eligible. Food... I take my chances on! It's Vegas after all!But the FOOD was GREAT.Started with the Fury Chicken Wings. While the 4 Tangy HellFire Blue Cheese Wings were delicious and honestly loved the buffalo sauce, I found the Wasabi- Honey Wings a little bland... even for wasabi. Those 4 wings also had that look like they had been sitting out with the sauce on them for some time. You know when sauces cool and they begin to get that layer that changes texture.. well...oh well. The Euro Burger was AWESOME! I ordered it medium and the meat was nice and tender! The bun was warm and toasted. The combination of the goat cheese, oven roasted tomato, arugula, and the aioli made for a rich, creamy addition to the beef. The fries were good, not spectacular. Probably not even great. But good. I ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries with Truffle Aioli. Maybe if they were like 25% less in price they would have been better. Im also giving BURGR 5 stars because Im not certain why it already has some negative reviews. Not that Im attempting to bump it up in the ranks, because I know I wont have that effect. But jeeez, some people REALLY complain. I mean how do you come across a dry bun that crumbles? Or dry meat? Thinking back Im upset I didnt snap any pics of my burger! Or they cool plates and decor. At least they send you off with your menu as a souvenir. =)Me. Love. GR.
5	BURGR was awesome, I ate their 3 times in my recent trip to Vegas, I had great food, in a great atmosphere, didn't have to wait (i ate at the counter by the chefs) and everyone was great, my waiters Alex with the glasses (twice) and Kevin (once) were great, gave me great suggestions on what to order, where super informative about the menu and their service was great, Talked to the GM Darren, very friendly guy, real personable, even gave me a business card to call him and let him know when I was going to be their next, (that's some Vegas treatment), The Manager was Benji, who I had met before being I am a frequent guest at Planet Hollywood "the casino with the best vibe of any casino in Vegas" he came up to me, asked how i was doing and was very nice as he usually is, he generally wanted to make sure I was being taking care of, which i was, All of the Chef's are awesome and they make sure that everything is perfect and in a relaxed atmosphere, the cooks, preps and everyone else is top notch and very friendly, you can tell they really want to give you the best product that they can, Chef's Mickle, Peter, Robert, Vaughn, Luke, Michael, run a nice tight ship, but its also a fun ship, I was in the Club/Restaurant business for 32 years so I made a point to talk to the Chef's and give my compliments on a job well done and they even gave me suggestions on food too, which was great, the food was great, every different type i tried was awesome, I actually took home my own menu and checked off everything i have tried so far, so when I go back in a couple of weeks I can get other items. Another thing that was nice was Alex actually remembered my full name after one visit, (bonus points), even waiter's and waitress's that had nothing to do with me where asking if i needed anything, another good point, I could tell you what food was my favorite, but so far it all as been amazing (I'm also a professional speed eater, so I'm a huge foodie, if their was something I didn't like I'm not shy about letting you know about it, food's one of my hobbies) but the pudding shakes for dessert are a must, Anyway, that's my professional opinion, I will be back their in 2 weeks when I go back to Vegas and since 99% of the time I stay at Planet Hollywood, I'm sure I will be back their a lot more (I kinda want to be the first to complete the entire menu, lol) - If I could have gave them 10 stars I would have, just pretend I did - David Cagle
1	Everything was mediocre.  You are better off going to Burger bar or Carl's Jr. to fill your burger needs.
5	O...M.....G!!!! I must say that these burgers are AMAZING!!!! The best burger I ever had! Me and my family went on opening weekend so the service was top notch. The waiters were pleasant and very energetic. I got the Uber cheese burger that had 3 different cheeses on it, but I only remember goat cheese. And I split it and got another burger split that had Cheddar, mango chutney, and baby greens. If you are calorie counting or on a diet this is not the place to go! The patties are literally dipped in butter!!!! maybe that's why is so good..... The prices are reasonable for Vegas, but what hikes up your bill are the drinks and sides. If you just get the burger it's more than enough. However, we shared the Maui onion rings, and OMG your mouth will go to heaven. THIS IS A MUST TRY!!!! I was skeptical at first but I left completely satisfied. the bull was about $70 for 4 which is not the cheapest, but we ordered 4 burgers, Maui onion rings, fries and 2 drinks. And if you are a rewards member you get a dollar off each item! I look forward to going back. LOVE Gordon Ramsay, he did not disappoint!
5	Our party of 3 went to Gordon Ramsay BurGR at 6pm on a Wednesday night. A Wednesday night while CES was going on and the prelims for Miss America were taking place inside Planet Hollywood. I've began this review with this particular info to emphasize that there was no wait for seating even though there were special events going on in town. It may be due to the rather large dining area or maybe we were just lucky, in either case, we were seated immediately.Our server came over and introduced herself and then placed an ipad on the table and explained how we can look at the alcoholic drink selections, see pictures and read ingredients. Pretty cool little feature.We ordered two American burgers and one Britannia burger, Just fries, Sweet Potato fries and Beer Battered Maui Onion rings plus our guys both ordered beer while I stayed with lemonade.We had a longer than usual wait for burgers but our conversation flowed along and with the Miss America prelims going on, there was no shortage of pretty girls coming into the restaurant. That doesn't have anything to do with the food but it added to the experience :)The manager herself delivered our drinks, introduced herself, explained they had only been open 3 weeks and wanted to make sure everything was up to par.Our food was delivered by three servers. Each server took special care to place our orders so the BurGR logo on the plates was facing us. The burgers were on fancy squarish plates with wavy rims, the fries were delivered in huge cones with their respective sauces in holders on the base. The sweet potato fries came with extra powdered sugar in a shaker on the side.Presentation is key and the burger by itself sitting on that pretty white plate was certainly an "eat with your eyes" moment!I cut my burger in half and it was cooked medium rare exactly as ordered. The bun.... oh my goodness THE BUN! Nice fluffy brioche bun, buttery, crispy crust, light dusting of sesame seeds - I'd go back for that bun alone!The cheddar cheese was melted and oozing, lots of arugula added a nice crunch and the mango chutney was a perfect compliment.The sweet potato fries had a side of honey jalapeno mayo which I eventually dabbed onto a bit of burger just to see . . . . yep, that works too! It was sweet, not spicy and just delicious!Our guys proclaimed their burgers as "really good"  but they though the Just Fries were just that. Nothing spectacular and not that good. The Maui onion rings mostly went untouched. Not sure what was wrong with them but they weren't that good. Certainly not worth the $8.00 price tag. The accompanying chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch dip were both a bit too weird for our guys.So, at the end of the meal, the burger plates were cleaned completely, the sweet potato fries had just a few little pieces left, the Just Fries were almost completely gone and the Maui onion rings were 90 % still in their cone.Once our dinner plates were cleared, our server returned with the ipad and the dessert offerings. As much as I wanted a Toffee pudding push up pop, I was just too full. Next time, I promise.Our bill with 5 beers was about $110.00 before tip. The check or the (cheque) was presented in a black folder with an Apple ipod Touch inside. Once the check number was entered, the ipod offered a survey on the dining experience.One downside to the experience was the repeated visits (interruptions) by servers to check on us. Yes, I know this is a new place and they want to make sure all is going well but it isn't necessary to ask us 4 times if our burgers are okay. Please let us enjoy our meal.We left at about 8:30 pm and there was a line at the door waiting to be seated. Maybe earlier is better?All in all, I personally was thrilled and will go back again. My husband says while he enjoyed it, he still prefers Grind over on E Tropicana but he will surely join me on a return trip..
4	Hit Burgr last Friday with the gf, my daughter and her bf.  Post Terry Fator meal so it was about 9:30 - 10 pm.  They were busy but no wait.  Kinda confusing getting to the place - the entrance does not face towards the casino.  Stylish looking restaurant.  Also, props for the hipster looking outfits of the staff -  skin tight skirts with sneakers, nice.Sorry - can't remember the foo-foo drinks we started with but they were good - i liked that the hipster ipad drink menu had nice drink pics and when you clicked the drink it listed the ingredientsFood order:Beer batter Maui Onion rings ($8 - all prices the discounted "total rewards")Roasted Chili Dawg ($12)Hells' Kitchen Burger ($13)Britannia Burger ( $13)Farm Burger ($14)Euro Burger ($15)Truffle Parmesan Fries ($10)Sweet Potato Fries ( $8)Carmel Pudding Chocolate Shake ($8)Highlights:The white cheddar ranch dip with the onion rings was fantastic The Roasted Chili Dawg was a flavor explosionThe actual burger meat was amazing - it was a 3 meat mix  - nice char, perfectly pink in the middle, juicy and full of flavor ( could've used a little more salt but minor issue ) The duck breast bacon - a first for all of us - pleasant surpriseSweet potato Fries - perfectly cooked, nice seasoningThe caramel pudding in the shake - incredible !!Lows ( all minor issues ) The onion rings could be crispiermore cheese on the burgers !!!generally speaking, the burger ingredient combinations - PLEASE ADD A BUILD YOUR OWN BURGER OPTIONThe service was punctual - a slight annoyance of trying to constantly clean the tables while we were still eating.Added bonus is they accepted a food coupon i had fro Caesar's - helped given the prices are a little steep.We will return !!Pics previously added
5	Literally the best burger I've had in Vegas. Patty was juicy and flavorful. You can add an extra patty on any burger for $7. Pricey, but well worth it. Honestly, $16 burgers are not too bad comparing to other burger places on the strip. Also had the vanilla powdered sugar sweet potato fries, which was awesome. Dessert came via sticky toffee pudding popsicles. Can be skipped, but wasn't too bad.
4	Definitely way better than the 3 1/2 star average. The burgers we as good as any "high end" burger joint. The service was attentive, if not almost too attentive (they cleared my friends plates while I was still eating, a big no-no in my book). Wasnt crazy about the sales pitch to visit the gift shop as I was walking in. I would go again if I'm in the mood for a burger while in Vegas.
2	Although I can not really say much different about this place just yet, I will give it one more star since the manager reached out to me and offered to correct the experience I had. Next time I am in Vegas I will have to give this place a second try.Thank you management for caring, it goes a long way
4	Ggreat burgers, cocktails, and ice cream treats.  And fun staff.  Would go back!
5	Location excellent! Food excellent! Service (Alex with the glasses) excellent! You couldn't ask for a better experience!!!
4	Stopped off here after a trade show nearby.  While I'm a fan of Gordon Ramsay's TV show empire, as a vegetarian, I know he's not too fond of my dining sensibilities, so I came here ready to just eat some appetizers.I arrived at 3PM on a Thursday (yesterday, actually) As a 'party' of one. While they were somewhat busy, I was greeted & seated immediately, having my choice of table or counter seat.I sat near the front of the place, so unfortunately I didn't get a good look at the entire setup, but what I saw looked pretty upscale (matching the prices...) & the Hell's Kitchen motif without going overboard with it.   No wifi, but there were a couple open wifi nodes from nearby businesses.   I do agree that it's kind of hard to find the place, but Planet Hollywood & Miracle Mile do have maps, & the people-watching is great even of you get lost.I was happy to see that they have one (& only one) vegetarian burger -- their Earthburger is a Portobello Mushroom 'burger' with cheese & a grilled tomato slice, so I ordered that, the Truffle-Parmesan fries, and iced tea, and I was very happy the see they had Leinenkugel beer on draft! The Earthburger was very nice -- flavorful, cooked well, on a toasted sesame seed bun made in-house.   The Truffle-Parmesan fries were good, from fresh potatoes cut in-house, but I couldn't figure out what the big deal with them was.  I don't have truffles often so I don't particularly know the taste of it, besides that its supposed to be wonderful, but the fries just didn't taste extremely special to me.  Unlike a prior review, mine were not salty at all.  They came with house-made aioli dipping sauce as well as a house-made ketchup.  The ketchup was very interesting -- it had a little bit of a zing to it, perhaps simply from being so fresh compared to the ketchup I'm used to. However, as other people have reported, the ketchup is extremely sweet!  If that somehow just comes from the type of tomatoes &/or way they were cooked, I'm OK with it, but if that major sweetness comes from them adding some sweetener ingredient like a lot of sugar, corn syrup, etc. then I'm very much not happy with it.  I can just imagine one of his own TV show contestants serving him that overly sweet ketchup and him launching into a profanity-laced tirade about it being sweet enough to be served on ice cream or something...    If I get back there & if I ever order those inexplicably (flavor/quantity-wise) fries again, I'll ask for their other sauces -- a Chipotle-something and a white cheddar/Ranch dipping sauce.For dessert, I had the Toffee-pudding push pops.  I was NOT expecting two of them to show up, but after a long day of walking around at the SHOT Show at the Sands Expo Center, I easily consumed both, after already consuming every other scrap of food I ordered.My bill came to $43.  The most amazing part of dining there was, as others have stated, the staff.  They seem to truly feel invested in you having a positive dining experience -- genuinely friendly & sociable, as well as truly knowledgeable about the menu (any fan of Hell's Kitchen knows they're probably tested on it).   While I may have a better or at least equally nice portobello mushroom burger & fries elsewhere (probably for a lot less $$), I doubt it'd be at a place with a staff that even comes close to the seriously wonderful BURGR crew. Yes, the manager stopped by to chat with me for a moment, too.Will I go back??   I hope so, BUT it would only be if I'm with friends that like burgers, can afford the prices, & are curious as to what a Gordon Ramsay restaurant is  like. Without those three prerequisites, I think we'd go elsewhere.  After all, for about the same average cost per person, we could hit a nice buffet (albeit, without the incredible level of service BURGR has).Even for a new, trendy Las Vegas place, you're paying a lot just for the Gordon Ramsay name.  My $14 burger was the only thing on the plate -- not even a pickle or some cole slaw came with it.  The $10 fries were basically a novelty bought by myself (& I assume others) simply curious as to how they could be worth the $10 price tag.  Of course, this place is NOT marketed towards people like me -- while I'm not a 'local,' I commute to Southern Nevada a couple days a week for work, so I don't have the mindset of "I'm here in LV on vacation & plan on blowing a lot of $$$ on wining, dining & gambling."   If you do have that mindset, and like burgers, you should definitely try Gordon Ramsay's BURGR.
3	Was there today with my girfriend.Agree with comments about the skimpy outfits. Really if Ramsey wanted this place to look like hooters, he should have made also sure that all girls LOOK like girls from Hooters. Service was excellent, I was served 7 refills on my diet pepsi(hangover dehydration you see) instantly and generally had no complaints from the service.As to the food now. We took onion rings(yummy, cripsy) with parmesan cheese and 2 sauces. Hellfire burger was good although a bit too spicty for my tastes-but I knew what I was ordering. My girlfriend's Europe Burger unfortunately wasn't as good, as it was burned on the outside. Both burgers were ordered and served at the same time, both ordered medium, so I don't know how this happened. A dissapointment was the fact that the burgers came with NO sides at all. I know they are trying to make money off sides, but really, 15-17$ for a not-so-big burger with NO sides?Generally I can't say I was dissapointed, but I wasn't impressed either, hence the 3 star rating. I iwll keep going to my favourite Gnad Lux Cafe for food when I am in Vegas.
3	It took me a hot minute to figure out why this place was called BurGR with the emphasis on the GR and the misspelling of the word 'burger' in such an odd manner. But yo, my friends didn't catch onto it either and they go to USC (some go to UCR too so we balance the highs with the lows, we a diverse bunch). But yeah, for those of you wondering, the GR is for Gordon Ramsay, that arrogant bloke that we all know and love from Master Chef and Hell's Kitchen fame. I actually thought the GR would have stood for Gastro Release or Great Reaming ... but no! It is simply a clever way to secretly endorse the great GR $munny$ himself. Okay, I dunno what I'm saying.We had to wait a fairly ridiculous amount of time to seat 7 people. I don't think 7 is too big of a group especially when you're considering it's Vegas. Maybe I'm wrong though. I think they quoted us at 20 minutes, but it was definitely at least an hour. The girls working were also wearing skimpy ass clothes, but I didn't understand what they were supposed to be. They just sort of reminded me of the Hot Dog on a Stick girls. Maybe that's what they were going for though ...I think I had just recovered from a pretty massive hang over when I came here, so a greasy burger and 'truffle' fries sounded right up my alley. To note, I was also sick. Yeah, I was sick, exhausted, and hung over in Vegas on New Year's Eve. IDGAD, IDGAF. numbersignSWOLOnumbersignYAG ... (+100 pts if you get that)Any way, I ordered the Farm burger which clocked in at an amazing $15 price tag (sans frites to boot!) solely because it touted duck breast bacon and a fried egg. Let me tell you that a duck breast bacon ain't anything different from a regular bacon. Maybe my tastebuds don't know anything about anything, but I couldn't tell the difference. In fact, the entire burger tasted really bland. Like ridiculously so. But then again, I was sick, so I dunno! I also got truffle fries that came with a house ketchup which was just sweet and a truffle white sauce thing? Which was just creamy and bland. I preferred the ketchup. The fries alone were salty. Sorry I can't use foodie words like umami and pungent and mouthfeel. Fries were salty. Ketchup was sweet. Burger tasted like nothing. The end. Simple as it gets.The fries DID come in a cone though, which impressed me. That's some fancy EURO shit right there. I dug that. Regardless of serving apparatus, they were still pretty unimpressive fries. It's like handing someone shit on a golden platter. It's impressive for a second or two, and then you kind of get dismayed. The bar next door was cool though. The bartender made me a white russian and he didn't even card me! I'm 21 of course, but me being a baby faced Asian don't help, so I guess I was glad that he was kind enough to believe in me. All in all, not as big of a disappointment as Wicked Spoons. And seeing as how the alternative was to eat at the $77 Cesar's buffet, BurGR was a welcome choice. I'd take a good ol' Father's Office burger or Umami burger any day though. Hell, even the Counter would do.
4	I want to meet Gordon Ramsay, he knows how to handle a successful business, love that quality about him.  You can tell he prides himself on his restaurants, just by observing the staff.  Our server was so accommodating, it's the most memorable part of my dining experience.  On to the burger!  I love burgers, I am always talking about Vegas' best burger.  Some of these include Flemmings' burger that you can get at the bar, Tommy Bahama's kobe burger, Holstein's,  Del Taco's Double Del Cheeseburger, etc... And I must say, the two burgers I got (The Hell's kitchen burger, and their mushroom burger, forgot name) are good contenders.  The burgers are cooked exactly to their order, the beef is tender, and the ingredients that are added on are well thought out.  The roasted tomato in the Hells Kitchen burger is guaranteed a new flavor for you to have in a burger, and I must say, I loved it.  The mushroom burger though not as unique as the Hells Kitchen, still a well crafted burger and still highly enjoyable, but nothing you haven't already had.Desert, one of the most unique I have ever had, and will always remember this desert.  The milkshakes are about 3/4 milkshake, and they are topped off w pudding in the top 1/4.  Wow, we had cocunut pudding with strawberry milkshake.  Indulgent and so good, a must share.I love Gordon, I love when he gets into his fits on TV, I love when he yells at people, I want to eat more burgers and desert here and have him yell in my face, that would be awesome.Best Gordon TV quote, "This is rancidddddddddd!!!!!"
1	Stopped in today and tried the American Burger and "Just Fries".  The wait time for a couple of burgers far exceeded our expectation, which a Manager responded to promptly. The burgers and fries were Ok, nothing spectacular given the Gordon Ramsey theme. Since our meal was a flop, the manager covered our meal and solicited feedback from us on where they missed the mark with us. This restaurant appears to have a very keen management staff, I just hope they can translate customer feedback into a better product.
4	BurGR is located in Planet Hollywood at the entrance. Their burgers are reasonably priced, though I found their appetizers and sides to be just as expensive, which doesn't really make sense. We had a burger with fig jam and mushrooms, which was very good. It was perfectly seasoned and done just right, though it was a little small, in my opinion. The Maui onion rings, which came with ranch and ketchup on the side, were to die for, and the freshly shaved parmesan on top was really what made it excellent. I would go again just for the onion rings.Additionally, the service was friendly, and the atmosphere was nice.
4	I was in Vegas for the AVN's and my friend and I were starving!  As we were walking through Planet Hollywood I look over and saw BURGER, I was ready to eat, I didn't even know that it belonged to Chef Gordon Ramsay.  I walk up to the lovely ladies in front and they sat us immediately.  it was really busy in there, so it took a minute for our server (Matt) to get to us.  First off you get to keep your menu as a keepsake which is cool.  Second try the shake.  I didn't get one my friend got one because it had pudding in there and to me at the the time, it seemed weird and not appetizing late me say I was wrong!  It has an ice cream shake at the bottom a flavored pudding on top and then fresh whip cream and a cookie on top.  I had some of my Friend's and It was SO GOOD!  I had the Hells kitchen burger.  It wasn't spicy, but it was tasty!  My friend and I shared the Parmesan truffle fries, which my friend loved the house made ketchup I was all about the truffle Aoli.  I also had a draft beer that tasted like Apples, which is my favorite taste in a beer and I had two other drinks a regular raspberry tea ( which was so fresh to me) and a shot called a Baby Guinness which was Coffee Patron with Irish Cream on top, so it looks like Guinness in a shot glass.  That was great.The staff was great they are always chatting with you and telling you how everything is made at the restaurant from scratch which is important to know that your food does not have any chemicals in it.  I didn't even finish my burger I wanted to take the other half home so I could experience it again.  And it tasted great the second time around.  I highly recommend this place.
3	I wanted to love this place. The decor was nice, the food looked perfect, the staff went above and beyond.Hell, Master Chef Gordon Ramsay owns it, it must be amazing!NOT!The food was just "OK". Especially for the price: 4 diners, 4 burgers 2 fries, 2 onion rings, a shake, a beer, iced tea and a pepsi came out to $150+.You can do better in this location for the food and the price.
4	Really fun "Vegas" experience!  Well-priced, fun environment, delicious food.  The hot dogs maaaaay be even better than the burgers.  It's worth at least ordering one and splitting it with someone.  They are big and amazing.Great apps, too.  The jalapeno poppers are great!  They don't do reservations, but they were very accomodating to our group of 7.
4	We did takeout and it was really good. $15 for a hell's kitchen burger which is amazing.  It was so delicious, the meat just melted right in my mouth.  The seeded bun was also yummy, especially when they toast it with butter.  The chipotle ketchup on the side was so yummy I could eat it alone.  The truffle fries were very tasty and pricey, but they need  to lower the garlic taste of the fries.  It was overpowering.  The truffle aioli tames it down and reminds you that they are truffle fries and not garlic parmesan.I would definitely go back here just for their burger.  We had a wagyu burger with shiitake mushrooms at Tommy Bahama the other day and Gordon's definitely beat his.
2	Checked it out figuring it would be good since he is in the business of inspecting/helping out other restaurant owners. The very first thing we noticed was the shivering hostesses and watresses. The place is very close to the outdoor of the building. The girls were freezing! We were told they are not able to put on a sweater or jacket or jeans. They were all very sweet but I felt very uncomfortablewith them being so cold. The outfits were embarrassing...so short anfd tight they had to wear thongs underneath, I could the outline. The service was good and they were very nice. The dogs looked really great! The burgers were smallish and ok!!! The drinks were very small for the prices. The fries were fine but super expensive and not that worth it. Really? How much do potatoes cost? Ihave to say I wasn't very impressed and felt reallybad for those girls!!! Comeon and adapt the uniform so they can be comfortable in the winter months.
5	Live in Vegas and been to all the burger restaurants. This is the best. Tasty food and my picky wife loved the Ceasar Salad. Wait staff was terrific as was the manager Emily who took the time to ask us how everything was and to talk about Vegas restaurants. A must if your in Vegas.
5	I will not step foot back in a Red Robin, ever. The burgers at Burgr were FANTASTIC - and the waiter was uber-helpful and kind. Even gave me his pen! We went in because of the name but came out HUGE fans of the food and service at this new place in Vegas. We'll definately go back!
5	Love this place!!! First of all-the service is incredible. I've been 4 times now and the service is outstanding each time. The staff is very friendly and extremely knowledgable. The managers are phenomenal as well and are consistent with their table touches and genuine concern for your meal and service. I don't really eat meat, but they have great options for vegetarians and non vegetarians alike. I recommend the jalapeno poppers, soba noodle salad, and truffle fries!!!!!!!!!!!!! Everyone I know who has been there (and eats meat)  loves the Farm Burger!!A great place for tourists AND locals!
1	Within 10 minutes all of us got sick, don't know if it was the undercooked burgers or the parmesan truffle French Fries. I see from the reviews below that we are not the only ones that got a touch of food poisoning from this place. We did tell the management later that day after we all purged and they did offer us a refund, we declined. I don't need a free lunch.  Just make it good!!There are too many great places to eat in Vegas; this is not one of them.
5	I am so confused by the comments that I have overheard from other patrons. Some girls were dressed up in their finest club wear, talking about how the food was good, but then said they should have gone to McDonald's... Wow! That is all I have to say about the complaints about this place.My experience was nothing but positive. My friend and I walked in without a reservation. The place was packed. The hostesses greeted us and told us it would be a ten minute wait. We barely got a chance to ask the bar for the drink menu before we got escorted to our table. On our way back the girl was engaging and sweet.Chelsie was our server for the night and she gave a great spiel. It was quick and concise without feeling like she was rushing to get somewhere else. She came by our table on several occasions to check on us. It was not invasive and her bubbly personality was refreshing. Her busperson was on the ball. I wish I caught his name, but he was meticulous about clearing our dirty plates away and refilling our waters. They actually replace each water glass instead of just bringing carafes or pitchers around. I felt bad for him because my friend and I are water guzzlers. They worked as a perfect team. Joanna, the manager, came by our table during our meal to check upon our satisfaction. We had nothing but positive things to say about our experience and she was definitely a part of that.The food: The Jalapeno Poppers were gigantic. Of course in a game of Russian roulette I would draw the one with the seeds in it on my first piece. It was not too hot and the ranch mellows it out. The Pork Belly Hot Dawg reminded me of a Vietnamese sub. It had pickled diakon, carrots, cucumbers, and edamame on it with a drizzle of sriracha mayo. It was difficult to eat until we started to cut it up like an open faced sandwich. The "dawg" was on the salty side, but every other aspect was enjoyable. The Chanterelle Burger was moist, tender, and melt in your mouth. The mushrooms had a nice texture. The onion jam was a nice take on the classic combination of onions and mushroom. It gave an overall sweetness to balance all of the savory components. As a side, the two of us share the Truffled Fries. The potatoes are cut into pieces that look like wood slabs. Enough surface space to catch the truffle oil. The parmesan cheese could have been spread out and melted a little. It just sat on the top in a clump like cotton candy.The drinks: The specialty cocktails did not look too appealing to us. They were geared towards the club crowd. Instead the 30 beers on tap are the way to go. If GR Pub aims for international selections than BurGR has premium domestics down. I was impressed with all the beers they had on tap. Arrogant Bastard is one of my favorite breweries. $7 for pint is not bad at all for the Strip. The only complaint about the night would be the delay in drinks. We were finished with our appetizers before our beer came.
5	LOVE this place.  The promotional materials say that BurGR "takes the traditional burger, fries and milkshake comfort food combination to an entirely new level," and that's not hyperbole.  We had the Uber Cheese Burger (3 kinds of cheese, fantastic gooey goodness), the Chicken Sliders (good sized, a little aggressively spiced) and the truffle fries (huge portion, more than enough for two to split).  Nothing disappointed, and it was enough food that we didn't finish the fries, despite our best efforts.Our servers were both terrific: Gianna, who my date described as "put-her-in-a-teacup-cute," and Alex, who knows his way around a beer list.  (On that note, the beer list here is not world-beating, but is passably broad and reasonably priced.)  The servers and host staff are decked out in form-fitting '60s-flight-attendant-inspired uniforms, which is a nice touch and good eye candy.Easily a level above Holstein's at the Cosmo.  I'll definitely be back.
5	okay 2nd trip to Vegas in 2 weeks, 2nd review for BURGR, Just as good if not better than the first time I went there, first day sat by the kitchen counter and got waiter Alex (with the glasses again), he remembered my name, what I had last time, knows the menu in and out and is a fun waiter as well, even introduced me to a couple of the managers that I didn't meet the first time i was there (sorry I didn't take my notes this time of ppls name's, but on my next visit I will, promise), the management their is top notch, very friendly, funny, great people person's, the food was amazing again, this time had (1st visit) Honey-Pig Bao Buns (roasted pork belly,cucumber,radish,cilantro,honey-hoisin sauce), they were great, perfect way to start out, I was with my 2 buddies this time so we split Kale Granny-Apple Caesar Salad (great salad), Truffle Parmesan Fries (they are great) and Sweet Potato Fries (these are the best fries anywhere and that dipping sauce rules) and then I got the Uber Cheese Burger (fontina cheese,reclette cheese,goat cheese), with the duck breast bacon added, that was a great start to my week of overeating happiness, (2nd visit) had the Blue Burger (maytag blue cheese, arugula) and Sweet Potato Fries (vanilla powdered sugar, honey jalapeno mayo, btw - that mayo is the bestest mayo ever!), perfect cure for my 13 hours of beer and Jager bombs hangover, lol (3rd visit) one of the hostess (cute blond, that should narrow it down), lol suggested I try the Britannia Burger (english sharp chedder,mango chutney,arugula) that was an amazing burger, its got a sweet taste from the mango chutney, liked it a lot, thanks, also had the Roasted Jalapeno Poppers (chedder bacon,chedder ranch dipping sauce) those things where awesome and come in their own little shot/dipping glass. Once again the food was amazing and even got a nice surprise from one of the managers, so thanks Darren or Benji or whoever the secret surpriser was. One thing that is really nice is the managers come by and say hi, ask how everything is, or in my case its "your back again already?" haha btw - all of the hostesses, waitstaff, bussers, chefs are awesome, informative,friendly and fun, I will totally be back, (I'm going to be the first person to complete the entire menu) and I will be telling every one to try the place out too.Waitress Ginger was awesome and a cutie and the little hostess (i cant remember her name right now, but she has a  tattoo on her left upper arm (looks like a lotus flower) she is a perfect start to the eating experience, (great smile) And finally, not to be mean or make any one that wrote a review mad, I'm sorry if you had a bad experience, I would suggest trying it a second time, maybe even tell one of the managers that your first time wasn't the greatest, they will make sure it doesn't happen a 2nd time and for anyone complaining about the prices, its Vegas, everything is let's say Vegas priced, most things cost more, some things cost less than at home, helpful hint, join Total Rewards, the prices on the right of the menu are the discounted rate if your a TR member, show them your card each time you eat. Hope this was helpful - David Cagle
3	The wife and I went today for lunch.  Arrived with a very short wait for a table.Service - The service was good, and really would have been great if our waitress wasn't as long winded.  She was incredibly friendly, but maybe she was trying a bit too hard.  It wasn't a big deal in the end, and she was really energetic and informative, so this is most likely an empty complaint.  Our water was kept full and our needs were a top priority the whole time.Ambiance - It was decent.  It is on the casino floor, if in a relatively quiet area if that could be said of a casino floor.  The was no detectable tobacco aroma.  The uniforms were fine.  Amazingly it was my wife that noticed the girls skirts are incredibly short.  Our waitress was very tall and after observing this at head level while seated, I really am surprised that I didn't notice this immediately.  The decor was an ingesting choice. The tables are very nice, if small.  There is a TV above practically every table.  It has as almost sports bar like feel . . . actually, I take that back, there is no almost about it.Drinks - Milady is knocked up, so no booze there.  I was thinking beer with a burger.  They do offer a selection of cocktails on the iPad drink menu.  With 2 people this seems practical, though with more it would be annoying(see my GR Pub & Grill review).  The beer selection is strong, with many options varying between macro lager, imports, American craft options and a cider or two.  $7 Oaked Arrogant Bastard pints?!?  Yeah, I am just fine with that.Food - Again, with milady's condition, no undercooked meats.  She did brave the eggs of Ceaser salad and was happy for it.  I shockingly elected to go for a burger.  I went with the Blue Burger, which is a simple preparation of burger, Stilton and arugula.  I also ordered a side of Just Fries, which as the name implies are plain fries.  My burger arrived in about 15 minutes.  I ordered medium-rare and received medium to med-well.  It was a flavorful burger, and the pungent blue, peppery arugula and smokey beef were well balanced and complimentary.  They use a blend of short rib, chuck and brisket, which had me expecting an immensely juicy, fatty burger.  Alas, I won't call it dry, but juicy it wasn't.  The bun was amazing though and easily the best part of the burger.  As to the fries, they were crispy and hot.  I don't really know what more you would look for out of basic fries.  They come with both a chipotle and chutney inspired ketchup.  I leaned more to the chutney, the chipotle was boring.  Overall - A decent meal, but lackluster considering $50 for 1 burger, 1 beer, a salad and some fries.  Liked it, but won't be back.
3	I'll be honest...I wanted to go to Gordon Ramsay Steak, but we couldn't get a table due to it being the week of CES. Since my co-worker and I were playing hard at the PH tables, we opted to dine here so that we could easily pick up where we left off.It was somewhat difficult to get a table, since the hostess informed us that the many open tables in front of us weren't available. The place didn't look that crowded, but there was definitely a draft of cold air since the entrance to the restaurant was adjacent to one of the hotel's points of ingress/egress, so perhaps they were doing us a favor...but as soon as we asked about the few more open tables further back, they seated us.The menu is fairly limited, but caters to a sophisticated palette. Unfortunately, you won't find much bacon here, other than the duck bacon, which isn't really bacon. However, you will find several burger selections that will blow your mind away, and even classics, like a farm burger (it comes with a fried egg!). If you aren't in the mood for a burger, you can also have a hot dog. Accompanying your entree can also be sides of parmesan truffle fries, onion rings, and other delicious fried finger foods. For dessert, try one of their fabulous shakes. May I suggest the ones with any variation of peanut butter, chocolate, and pudding?You also have a variety of hard-to-find brews available, so have a peek at their fancy iPad menu and let your taste buds indulge. Our server was nice and friendly, and the manager even came by to make sure we were satisfied; something he wasn't doing with everyone.
4	One if by land, two if by sea.  Sunday, January 27th, 2013 was the day of the British Invasion, the day Gordon Ramsay would take Vegas by storm.  I decided this would be the ideal day to give BurGR another chance.  Let me tell you, the British must have come by sea, because two was the magic number.The following is the review of BurGR that should have been penned the first time.Carved between separate halls of bustling casino exists a whimsically designed yet decidedly masculine cafe.  The eatery is home to the applewood grill and culinary delights of celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay, a fact that cannot be forgotten due to the grand scale of pictorial homage.  Seated in the restaurant one cannot help but be reminded of a subtle cross between Hell's Kitchen and The F-Word.The drink menu comes via Ramsay's staple iPad, there is a wide array of potables from the tabs of the tablet.  But since in Ramsay's restaurant, I decided to sample his favorite brew, Innis and Gunn a Scottish style ale aged in re-coopered barrels from alternating rum/whiskey sources.  The taste is sublime and soon our starter plate of hummus arrives to accompany the beer.  Ramsay's salt and pepper hummus is a little more garlic and salt than pepper but the bread is warm and fresh and the vegetable offerings conduct the hummus into a symphony for the palate.Next up, the Hell's Kitchen and Uber Cheese burgers arrive at the table.  The medium-rare temperature is a little more like medium but the patties have not lost their flavor.  The grilled jalapeno, avocado, and tomato team up on the Hell's Kitchen and complete their dinner service in style.  The Uber Cheese has three different types and styles of cheese together, from fontina to goat the cheese is undoubtedly the star of this burger.  Lost or overpowered are any subtlety in the cooking process, all that is left is a delicious sandwich fit for anyone braving the treacherous days and nights of Las Vegas.  The "Just Fries" are as billed, they come accompanied with Chipotle ketchup and Curry ketchup that are both made in house.  The dessert menu is simple as is most of the menu really.  You can have your choice of flavor of pudding milkshake, or sticky toffee pudding push-pops which arrived at our table only moments after the burgers had been cleared.  The push-pop is a novel and flavorful package for sticky toffee pudding.  The salted peanut ice cream is devine and is a perfect mate for the sweet toffee pudding layers.The most impressive piece of BurGR is not the decor, the location or even the food or drinks.  Ramsay has nailed the service experience at BurGR.  The servers are eager and knowledgeable.  They are impeccably dressed in GR labelled gear.  The hostess stand is state of the art with iPads and text message table notification.  The manager stopped by our table and was friendly and gracious.  This level of quality experience may be what sets this "burger joint" apart from all other "burger joints" in Vegas.Well Done
2	I could not decide on 2 or 3 stars. However, Everything we experienced here was amazing, up until we got our food. Our server had left! We did not see her for 30 minutes, not even her other tables. It's sad because I was very impressed with her greeting, and her knowledge of the menu. You could tell she was into her job. However, In this line of work, first impressions are sometimes not as important as the last impression. Not sure If I will try another Gordan Ramsay restaurant. Being in this industry myself, I couldn't help notice a few things:All the employees wear the same clothing head to toe (men are different from girls). Somewhat weird, I could never work there considering my shoe size!Of the 3 managers who were on duty (I only noticed this because of how over dressed they were to be flipping a hamburger) basically stood in the middle of the restaurant and monitored. (Too bad he missed us standing 6 feet in front of him)Lastly, what is the need for so many people working? I saw more dish/bus boys bussing tables than customers. I usually tip well, but being our server vanished, and the bus boys did her work, I was inclined to leave 5%, hopefully going to the bus boy.
5	The only reason I'm giving it a 5 star rating instead of a 4 star rating is it's the best burger in Vegas. I had the duck bacon burger with cheddar cheese and egg on top. Also had the jalapeno poppers. Both tasted unbelievable. The burger was cooked to perfection not to mention the in housed made poppy seed bun. The duck bacon on top was amazing as well and wasn't gamy at all. The jalapeno poppers were not spicy at all except for one. Which you have to pick one and find out which one you got. If your looking for a really good burger in vegas this is it.
5	What an amazing burger experience!  We started with an appetizer - wings. Not just any wings! Wasabi-honey and fiery blue cheese....AMAZING!  Not too hot or spicy and very tasty!  Totally recommend. The burger was one of the best we have had....ever....Huge draft beer selection and amazing cocktails.  Will definitely eat here again!
2	I recently ate at Gordon Ramsey Burgr @ Planet Hollywood and thought I should write a review.As a fan, I had recently eaten at GR Steak, which was an amazing experience, but again as a fan I felt compelled to eat at burgr and probably shouldn't have, leaving my GR food experience as super positive.Burgr is ok, the food is good enough and its cheap.  But given that Ramsey's name is on it you expect a certain level of quality and its not there and honestly I'm pretty forgiving.  I know line chef's and serving staff work very hard and things happen but I again because Gordon Ramsey associated his name to it I expected a base level of quality.My burger was ok, undercooked but ok and I enjoyed it honestly but I should have eaten at holstein's in the Cosmopolitan which is a lot better in my estimation.  The burger was undercooked.  I had ordered medium rare but what I got was really rare. Despite being super rare it was good enough to eat and not return.  The burger was also pretty bland, I expected a bit more flavor.The fries were overpowering - a lot of Parmesan which got all over everything and overpowered the fries and everything else.  But surprisingly I will say the ketchup was really good! It was also good presentation, I'll give it that.But honestly I don't think I'll go back and wont be recommending it to anyone.  Its cheap and looks neat but if I want to pay for a premium burger I'll go to holstein's as I've had very good luck there.  Maybe it was a bad day I'm not sure but as I said I was less then impressed. I wanted to give it more stars I did...but it just wasn't there.
4	Farm burger with duck bacon ftw!
3	I would start by saying after having Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill I was looking forward too trying Gordon Ramsay Burger. Thankfully my cousins visiting choose different Gordon Ramsay. I was not disappointed but neither did I get wowed or impressed with the food. If not for all the Gordon Ramsay name sake all over the restaurant strip it down without it. It clone of Bachi Burger even down too the way serves the fries. I had the Hell Kitchen Burger. Solid burger it cooked too perfect medium, nice moist and juicy inside. I enjoy the combination of the cheese,, roasted jalapeno, avocado, and over roasted tomato. It had that nice little heat from the jalapeno overall solid burger. I had the truffle fries that was good. I felt they could have mixed the seasoning especially the truffle oil or whatever they do better throughout the fries. I felt times that fries bottom had no truffle flavor. The dipping sauces was solid. Dessert try the sticky toffee pudding push up pops. My cousin and I split since it came two pop ups. I did LOVE the presentation of it. It literally looks like old school pop ups ice creams remember getting from ice cream truck on the street. But say in food presentation makes the first impression but if the food not stand up then all for not. I totally feel about it. Plus after the sticky toffee pudding NO WAY it could have competed with the one at Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill. I felt the cake itself very bland nothing stood out with it. The ice cream between layers nothing special and overall dessert that waiter pushed hard felt let down. The service was great! I love the energy we got from our waiter. He was very informative. They also have the Ipad touch screens for there drinks just like the Pub and Grill. I liked different approach with the menu on top of the napkins and just style. The menu is straight forward same as Bachi Burger just burgers, friends, apps, shakes, other non burgers, and desserts. Surprise considering its the STRIP property and big name but prices were reasonable. If remember correctly Bachi and here average burger is in $15 range. The hostess wonderful, friendly, and start you off great experience. The one thing that aggravating is too find it. The signs NON of them in Planet Hollywood directs too it. Not that the layout of the casino helps one bit. It next too PF Changs or say around the corner. Overall it was cool knowing that just went too Pub and Grill then Burger. Now all I need complete the tirfecta is Steak. If urge for gourmet burger sorry but Bachi Burger my go spot! If on the strip not bad alternative.
5	Seriously wow. Was their 2 days ago and wow. Went in about 1230 pm and there was a wait. The lady whipped out her ipad and took our cell number and said wed receive a text when our table was ready.  Maybe just me being a goof but I thought it was super cool! Took about 25 minutes but was expected with the crowd so wandered the casino floor. When we were seated my mouth was watering looking at everyone's food. We sat down and the staff was super friendly. We ordered the onion rings to start and holy heck these were the BEST I've ever had. The crisp on the outside crumbled in my mouth as the onion only gave the slightest of resistance as i bit through it. Soooo good! The house ranch that came with was outstanding as well.  The burger, which was the farmhouse, was simply epic. Let me say this, cheeseburgers are my bliss. Every city I go to I look for an awesome burger place and have had more burgers then probably any other food and this was flat out the best. The meat was cooked to a perfect medium and the egg was fried perfectly! The duck belly bacon was awesome. The fries were good. Not mind blowing but when you have that burger it simply compliments it. Every time I hit vegas I will have to return here. Even my fiance' who is not a hardcore burger person absolutely loved and devoured her classic american hamburger. The place has a good modern hip feel to it. Highly recommend to ANYONE they have a pretty wide array of burger options nothing to crazy just good old burgers and add on's. Do yourself a favor and grab a burger.  The only draw back was due to the wait but was understandable with the crowd. So good!
3	This is a solid burger place on the strip. It doesn't pretend to be gourmet and it isn't. The toppings are a little different, but I was impressed the burger. I had the "Hells Kitchen Burger."  It was cooked perfectly and the bun was fantastic. I think it was supposed to be spicy, but it wasn't. The place was packed for lunch on a Thursday afternoon, which is a good sign, and we didn't have to wait at all. My two negative comments are reserved for the fancy ketchup (just not good) and that they were constantly refilling my drink. I never even got passed the halfway mark, and someone was replacing it with a new one. Seemed incredibly wasteful to me. All in all, it was a good meal. Food was good, service was attentive, and reasonably quick.  The price is a little high, but it's the Strip so you have to expect it.  I will certainly return.
5	Okay... je LOVE Gordon Ramsay BurGR. I didn't know that until right now, starting this review, but really, I loved it! THIS is the type of place I feel so comfortable in. Sitting up at the counter, watching the line-cooks and the chef run the pass, I'm totally entertained by this stuff. We were visiting Vegas for a little over a week and happened to be staying at Planet Hollywood. The restaurant had been open for just a little over a week at this point and one hungry night, we decided to pop in. They are open fairly late and the menu is quite enticing with full descriptions of each item. I ordered up the Chili Dawg along with the truffled fries and a beer. Our waiter immediately set up my expectations for the Dawg making sure I understood that his is not a hotdog doused in sauce, but a Dawg with chill is and other accouterments on top. Happily, I accepted the terms and out came a Dawg, much too long for its brioche bun, toppling with jalapenos, cheese, avocado, onion, and chipotle ketchup. It was delicious! Perfect!The truffle fries were less of a success for me. I think possibly I am spoiled by those truffle fries from Sonzies? The fries were nice and crispy, but they just didn't kick like I would have liked, I can't even put my finger on what was missing. So basically, I went to a burger joint and had a hotdog! Yup, and I loved it!
5	Is it possible for one of my favorite Burger restaurants to get better? Why yes it is! I've been back at least 3-4 times since my initial amazing review and a recent experience gave me no choice but to update my review. I ordered a burger medium rare bordering on rare and when I bit into my burger it was clearly well done bordering on overcooked. Before I could open my mouth to say anything the chef took one look at my burger and took the plate away. He then apologized for the burger being overcooked and offered me a free side of fries or onion rings. He didn't need to do that but the attention to customer service is a huge plus for me. Oh yeah, and don't forget about Burgers and Boners!
1	Terrible, inattentive staff at the counter/bar area. Was bad, so I left before even ordering.
4	I work with people who love food. People who are so food-centric they can tell you an awesome place to eat in every city across the world. And these people love burgers. We've visited a number of burger joints in Vegas; Holsteins, Burger Bar, Le Burger Brasserie Sports Grille and now, Gordon Ramsay's BurGR, which was top notch.We ordered GR's take on jalapeno poppers (they come standing up in a shot glass of dip), pork belly buns and chicken wings. I don't eat pork or beef (which the poppers have), so I saddled up with the wings, which were phenomenal. One had a cilantro-styled sauce and the other was a buffalo wing version. Both stood out with flavors that popped.Since I don't eat beef or pork, though, my burger options were severely limited. This is why BurGR gets only 4/5 stars from me - a veggie burger that's an actual veggie burger (not a portabello cap) would have been much-welcomed. I don't like giant mushrooms. They freak me out. I was instead inclined to order a salad, which was a noodle salad - and quite tasty. Soba noodles, asian-styled dressing, siracha-laced chicken. Yum. My colleague and I also split a chicken slider. Others who had the burgers raved. "How is something that is so simple so delicious?" The fries - we tried three varieties (truffle, regular and sweet potato) all hit the spot, too.Decent beer selection for Vegas (they even had cider, which was a good surprise because one of our friends prefers that to beer) and the server was friendly and semi-prompt (some lags in drinks but eh, whatevr. - See what I did there.)
5	Oh Gordon hit a winner with this one and in Las Vegas no less? To keep it themed I only yell JACKPOT!This by far is holding the best burger establishment in Vegas at this point. I was disappointed with burger bar in my previous reviews as the quality of the food doesn't stack up, Holsteins which is average except no wow factor. BurGR will blow your mind away!I started with the jalapeno poppers and I did think coming shot glass style in dipping sauce was true Vegas style yet creative none the less. They were light tasting breading wise and it was filled with cheese and bacon. C'mon, need I say more about that combo?Main course consisted of the parmesan fries which held heat very well through the whole meal. I think there is a secret hidden in the paper wrapping it was delivered in, but 5 stars all the way for these and well portioned as well (definitely sharing quantity). I partnered that with the farmer burger which ordered medium rare MELTED in my mouth (THANK YOU FOR COOKING A BURGER PROPER) and the egg/cheese just worked so well in unison it made me tear up. My wife giggled at the noises I was making which hey I was in heaven with that plate of mine. Next time I will try to leave room for dessert as if the above was any indication of what to come I'll risk losing my socks for some dessert as well. *SIGH* Can't wait to be back ordering here again!!
5	This place is amazing! By far, the best burger I have ever eaten. We started with the jalapeno poppers which took the normal bar food up a notch. The dipping cream was delicious and they have a secret extra-spicy popper in the mix that you don't know about. I was the lucky (or unlucky) eater the the extra spicy one! Very good! The buger I got had a fried egg and bacon on it, what else could I want. It was cooked perfectly and delicious. My boyfriend had a spicy burger (I forget exactly what it was called). He liked it but wished it was more spicy but I just think he was annoyed that he didn't get the spicy jalapeno popper! The highlight of the meal for me were the sweet potato fries. They were out of this world! They had this delicious vanilla spice on them and the dipping sauce was amazing. The drinks were also delicious. Service was excellent and out waiter was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. I want to go back and try one of the desserts. This was by far the best meal I had in Las Vegas. I can't wait to go back!
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had ("Euro burger").  If you like blue cheese, the Euro burger was absolutely fantastic.  We split a Euro burger and  a "Three-cheese burger" so we could try a bit of each and the three-cheese was great too, but  I'd go with the Euro overall.  We also split an order of the yam fries, which came with powdered sugar and a honey-jalapeno dipping sauce that was quite tasty  (the order is huge, so you'll want to split it).  I had the caramel pudding chocolate shake for dessert and it was very unique.  Thick caramel pudding on top and chocolate shake all the way down.  I thought it was very good.We would definitely come back here any time we are in Vegas.  Loved it.
5	I checked out this gourmet burger place while I was in Vegas.  Went in for lunch around Noon on a Saturday and the place was *packed*.  40 minute wait for lunch.  I snagged a seat at the bar and avoided the wait.  Service was a little slow, but it was really crowded, so I'll give them a free pass.Probably should take off  half a star because it was a little hard to eat lunch when every 5 minutes someone would shove their way up to the crowded bar and order a beer.  The bartenders should really try to guide the beer ordering masses to a spot along the bar where they won't be jammed between two people trying to enjoy lunch whilst saying things like "Tell me about a craft beer on tap that is *different*"I had the Uber Cheeseburger and fries.  Burger was perfect in every sense of the word.  The fries were some of the best I've ever had; crispy on the outside, tender on the inside and perfectly salted.  They serve two different types of house-made ketchup, I didn't care for the Curry Ketchup.If you are in Vegas, definitely give this place a try if you are in the mood for a burger.  It's in the Planet Hollywood hotel, right off of the casino floor towards the doors that open onto the strip.
4	I went here for NYE weekend. This wasn't an intentional visit, we were going to eat someplace else but settled on this instead. Surprisingly enough it was really really good. The fries were great, the burger was cooked to perfection and I even indulged myself and got a peanut butter shake. Service was a bit slow, but my server was really polite. I would have liked it if they refilled my drinks more often but there was an enormous amount of people eating here for NYE weekend so I gave them a pass. Overall, if your in the area and are in the mood for just comfort burger food while watching a game check this place out.
4	Great customer service and very good on refills.  We waited for 20mins for early dinner.  The hostess and staff were very friendly.  Our food came on time.  We order shake, fries, and couple of burgers and girly drink.  Great burgers and fries.  The shake was delicious too since there was chocolate pudding at bottom of shake.  Besides the food, I love the menu with Gordon face on it.  The utensils, especially the knife was a interesting design.  Anyway, I highly recommend this place.  Great food and atmosphere!
4	OK. First off is why only four stars and not five! Well that is simply the ambiance. There is nothing bad about the setting, but there are just a lot of televisions hanging on the wall. To me this just gives it the feel of a sports bar and not a gourmet burger joint.But I guarantee you, that is what it is. This is one of the best burgers I have ever had. I do not go in for all the fancy toppings and condiments, so I just got the American Burger. Lettuce, Tomato, onion, cheese and one perfectly cooked 1/2 pound piece of meat. If anyone has ever had burgers and other cuts of beef that were OK; this is the burger that will let you know how a good piece of beef should taste. If you understand the concept of umami, this burger has it.The fries are different than most people are used to. BurGR does not use russets like most restaurants. So their fries are lighter and less starchy but still have a great crunch. The fries come with two flavored ketchup's. They both add a nice flavor. But the fries are worth it without anything added.I took the plunge and had myself one the BurGR's milkshakes. The milkshake was wonderful alone and did not need the pudding that it is topped with. But I tell you, the pudding on top makes this one of the most unique milkshakes I have every tasted. It was creamy and chilled to the right temp. I will be going back for more of these shakes when I can.I did not have any issues with the service. We were well looked after the entire time we were there. When we were first seated, it was near the front. It was a particularity cold day here in Vegas, so we asked to be moved. This was not an issue and we were moved further into the restaurant. We had great service from start to finish. The uniforms are very appealing as well. The uniform has a sexy look to it without being to revealing. Congratulations to the designer for a very appealing and comely look.One last thing about the restaurant that is very appealing is the kitchen. The kitchen is open at the front so you can see what is going on in there. They also make everything to order. Nothing is precooked. So do expect to wait about 15 to 20 minutes to get your BurGR.
5	Simply excellent!  Had the wings - great!  Also had the Hell's Kitchen burgr ... Fantastic!!  Juicy, perfectly cooked... And I highly recommend the onion rings.  I didn't have anything I didn't like.   And if you don't want to wait in line...there is plenty if room at the bar for quick seating.  Service was great - thanks Wendy!
3	The burger was good, but not great. I ordered a medium rare Euro Burger, which comes with truffle aioli, goat cheese, and arugala. The flavors made a good combination, but the patty was totally wrong. First, it was slightly over cooked (closer to medium well), and the outside was way too charred. Also, the patty is a little on the small side...I don't expect a monster half pound patty, but for $16, I felt it was a little weak.On a higher note, the truffle parmesan fries were outstanding, and I enjoyed them much more than the burger itself.  Not a bad meal for around $25, and the flavors were all great, but the cooking style needs to be tweaked before I'd say this place is a knockout winner.
4	Lets see if gordons food equals his talk, well Ramsay delivers here.  The burgers were very juicy and tasty.  The venue itself is pretty casual most of the staff wearing weird Jetson's looking uniforms and all of them looked like they were fresh out of highschool.  The place is pretty noisy since it is located inside Planet Hollywood and there are no sound barrier walls, you can pretty much watch people walk by in the casino as you sit inside BurGR.  We tried the following:Hells Kitchen Burger: avocado, cheese and some other items that just blended in.  The burger was moist, juicy and delicious however the toppings all sort of blended together.Britania Burger: sharp cheddar, mango salsa, arugula this burger was pretty good with the ingrediants playing well off of each other. The mango salsa is on the sweet side so dont order this if you dont have a sweet tooth.Maui parmesan onion rings: crispy, sweet onions with cheese-yumm.  These were some very well executed and delicious onion rings.Peanut Butter Shake: OMG the best thing at BurGR's are the shakes!  This one had alot of peanut butter in it and it was super yummy but very filling!Coffee Shake: this one had hazlenut pudding which I dont like, but my wife probably would have killed me if I had tried to take this from her LOLPrices:burgers are about $14 shakes $11onion rings $9You also recieved $1 off all prices if you have a MGM Total Rewards Card.NOTE: if you and your co-yelper are light eaters you can easily get by ordering one burger, one shake and one side.  The sides give large portions and the shakes are super filling.
2	Fries were not good. Burger was charred on the outside, dry inside. Good apps: wings and onion rings. Great service.
5	I was so excited to go to this place and boy did it not disappoint! Hummus was delicious and their fun twist on the jalapeno poppers was cool (and freaking awesome).  I had the blue burger and it was perfectly cooked! Onion rings were the best I have had! I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here!!! The service was great too!!!!
5	I came here before Christmas in Dec 2012. I've never been disappointed at the food in Las Vegas. I had the avocado burger and it was probably one of the best I've tasted in recent memory. The decor was trendy and immaculate. The area had a great vibe. The wait staff was extremely attentive, accommodating, and easy on the eyes. The food was not overly expensive for what you're getting.We sat next to the management staff during our meal. I overheard their conversations and they take Yelp reviews very seriously. I appreciate their constant drive for improvement.Overall, it was an excellent dining experience.
5	I absolutely loved my visit here. My husband and I stopped here before heading to check out the Goretorium. The atmosphere is pretty decent. It's open to the casino so it's a bit loud but the seating and table were comfortable. Service was super friendly. Very informative, helpful, chatty. The manager even stopped by at one point which I always find to be a nice touch.Now the food. Best burger I have had in Vegas! We both ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger with jalapeno pepper and avocado. It was perfectly cooked, great size. The flavors were awesome. We also had the truffle fries, well worth it. Even the ketchup was flavorful.  We had the pork belly appetizer to split. I loved the sauce on it.Price was a bit high for lunch, I'd say $$$ not $$ but that was mainly because we ordered the fries and an appetizer. For just a burger it wouldn't be bad and they were plenty big enough to fill you up. But who can skip fries? The beer selection is also pretty good. 30 beers on tap.
5	Wow! We had the Hell's Kitchen Burger & Sweet Potato Fries, American Burger & Truffle Fries.  If you eat nothing else for the rest of your life make it the Sweet Potato Fries.
2	When we got their at 11:30 for lunch the place was just about empty and we had a 45 minute wait because they didn't have enough staff! What the heck is that about on Presidents weekend, no staff? When we were finally seated the place field up fast. The food was okay but nothing special and that was kinda disappointing being a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. Sometimes simpler is better, our $120 lunch tab wasn't reflected in our food unfortunately and that is why I gave it only two stars.
4	Any man who thinks he can reinvent the milkshake by putting pudding on top must have a god complex.Please take a minute to praise our lord and savior, Gordon Ramsay.
1	Bad! My husband and I were so excited to try BurGR! The only positives were the atmosphere and we thought the bus boy had fantastic service (unfortunately he helped us at the end of our dinner). We ordered wings to start. We did not care for the wasabi favored ones but thought the spicy ones were great. Our burgers were both undercooked. My husband ordered medium and I ordered medium well. Mine was all pink and my husband's was bloody. We were in a rush to head to a show (we were told an hour and 15 min wait and it was over an hour and half) so we didn't catch anyone to send our burgers back. The waitress didn't come back for 10-15 minutes to check on us. When she did come back she didn't ask us how our burgers were. She seemed very busy and just asked if we wanted another drink. The burgers were very salty for me and my husband's taste.We were really frustrated with the hostesses. We were told about an hour and 15 minutes and that they would send us a text when our table was ready. After an hour and 15 we hadn't received a text yet so we went to check to see how much longer it would be. The hostesses were all very nice but they told us that they needed to bus some tables and it would be a "few minutes". So after about 10 minutes they told us the same thing and after another 10 minutes we were seated. A "few minutes" to me is 5-10. I guess a few minutes to them is 20. Then when we sat down there were several open tables (about 8). I'm sure these were tables that they were waiting for people to come back after getting a text that their tables were ready but they seemed to be open for awhile.
4	Great burger and atmosphere!  Dining was casual and service was great.  All the burgers ordered were awesome including the Honey Pig Boa Buns. We ordered all 3 fries for the table and they could have been cooked a little crisper for my liking. The dips and homemade ketchup was good but nothing beats good old Heinz which wasn't available.
1	Never go here. Nothing but mediocre stewed-tasting meat. The help is great but the FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF words coming from the white jackets could be heard in the restaurant by us. That was the only noise we heard....
4	One of the best burgers I've ever had!  Ordered the Blue Burger, which was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  I've eaten at 25 Degrees, Lucky Devils, Umami Burger, The Apple Pan, The Counter, Pie n'Burger, and several other known burger joints and  am torn between 25 Degrees and BurGR for the best burger award.  We also had Shake #3, which was great as were the sweet potato fries (minus the bland dipping sauce, thumbs up for the vanilla sugar side).  My reason for 4 and not 5 stars was not because of the food, but that we some how managed to get the night with the worst service ever!  Waited a while to order after being seated, waitress was no where in sight frequently, the food took a while to hit the table, had to ask for refills, and several other minor issues that good service would have negated. Wait was 1 hour 20 mins for a party of 2 on a Sunday night around 6:45p, but did like the text paging that they over here, as do several other restaurants now days.   Overall the food was outstanding and unfortunately the service was poor.
5	Ok, I get giddy just thinking about the food I had here. When having "the best burger you've ever had in your entire life" you reach a point of taste bud nirvana you dream about for days to come. Sound familiar? So take that experience and now multiply it by 3. That was my experience here. Gordon Ramsay is crazy on Hell's Kitchen, but if that translates to crazy good food I'm all for it. Every single item on the burger is art. The bun itself is a taste experience. The burger meat is high quality perfection. We also ordered the truffle parmesan fries with aioli sauce and housemade ketchup on the side. Again, MIND-BLOWING. Finally we had the last item which put us in a food coma we didn't get out of until the next day. Shake #5: chocolate and hazelnut pudding, coffee shake, and topped with a praline cookieBest burger, fries, and milkshake I ever had in my life. Document it.
1	Like a lot of things in Vegas, this place is all fluff and hype and not much substance. First of all, it took 17 minutes from the time we were seated to get a beer and soda. This is mainly because we had to wait for the drink menu on an I-Pad that was being used by another table, "really" ? Cute idea, maybe. Really bad business decision. The chicken sliders were absolutely terrible. I tried to cover the taste up with some of the provided sauces, it only made it worse. I had my wife try a bite and she couldn't believe I was even trying to eat it. The burger was good, not great. The onion rings looked great but actually were bland and just OK. We come to Vegas twice a year for the past 25 years. There are so many better choices for burgers or a good meal.
4	First place we ate when we got to Vegas - place was busy even on a Tuesday night but our waiter never let us feel neglected.  I had the farm burger (w egg and duck bacon).  It was a tasty burger, but nothing spectacular.  What blew my mind was the sweet potato fries (with vanilla sugar) and the shake I had.  The shake was chocolate peanut butter with banana pudding on top and a ginger snap.  Easily the best shake I've ever had in my entire life.  With a bajillion dining options in Vegas this is the only place I plan to eat at twice in one visit - just to get another shake.  The only reason why I took one star away was cuz the burger itself while not bad wasn't as mind blowing as the side orders.
1	I was going to give BURGR a 4 because it didn't taste bad (but not great) when I had it.  It wasn't until about 45 minutes later until I decided this place was no good.  I felt like I ate a pound of salt, my clothes stunk like onions and had no desire to eat dinner.   The more I started thinking about it, the more cheesy the place became.  The service was over the top.  The waiters were not real people but actors,  the wings were so-so and when comparing it to an In-N-Out burger for 3x the price, then I feel ok giving it a 1 star.
4	I hate dropping reviews (especially for 5 star spots in my book)... but this would actually be a 3.5 review.... the awesome food bumps it up the other half.Went with the char siu burger, ordered medium rare.  When my burger came out in front of me, it looked tiny and I noticed char all around the edges....I knew it wasn't MR.  I took a bite, and found it to be well done.  Asked for another to replace it, and the second time around was a super juicy, perfectly cooked MR with lots of juices hitting the plate.  Way better than my first visit here actually....but it took them a second try to cook it right!   It seems like the consistency might become a problem here...hopefully I am wrong.  I would order this one again, but I think I still prefer the farm burger.The parmesan truffle fries are still the BEST thing evar.  I have had them on 3 separate occasions, and still hold them to be my MOST favorite french fry of all time.Also, service was not nearly the same as the first time around.  My waitress let my drinks go dry every single time, with me asking for refills each time, and disappeared when my check arrived after I immediately put my $100 on the table to wait for change.The busperson was the one to pull my plates, refill my water the majority of the time, and actually took my bill to get me change because he noticed me standing up in the restaurant, waiting to leave.  The server was not good at her job, and if I was rating off of service alone, we would be at 2 stars.  I hope next visit goes smoothly.  If I ever get this server again, I will request another seat.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place and I honestly can't wait to go back.  I went with the standard 'American' Burger and it was tremendous.  Great beef, cooked perfectly, and seasoned plenty.  In Vegas, a lot of people will argue that most if not all restaurants are overpriced, but I really don't have a problem paying $15 or so for a burger when it tastes like this.  Between here and the Pub and Grill, Gordon Ramsay is killing it right now.  I can't wait to hit up Gordon Ramsay Steak at the Paris.On top of the burger we also order the onion rings and chicken sliders as an appetizers and both were phenom.  I wish the chicken slider came in a full sized burger portion, because it would make for a great entree.  The ranch here is also amazing, and nothing beats quality ranch.
1	So utterly unimpressed. Burgers were dry, overcooked and took forever. When we informed the server how bad our meal was we got a "sorry" and that was the end of it. Not a very good first impression. I expected better from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant - even if it is just a burger joint. We won't be back...
5	WOW!! SO UNBELIEVABLE! I've ordered a handful of burgers my 30 years of living and this has to be the BEST burger ever! I ordered a Farm Burger which had a fried egg! The bun was so soft and the sesame seeds made it look amazing!! I ordered it Medium and it was perfect! My fiance ordered the American burger. He loved it. I enjoyed my burger so much that I didn't realize I finished before my fiance did!! YUM!!The onion rings were good, I would recommend them a little more crispy, and the truffle fries were awesome as well.Karlenda was our waitress and she was so sweet and patient with us. I would definately come back here during my next visit to Vegas. The food, the service, and the atmosphere definitley made our eating experience quite enjoyable!! I wouldn't recommend this place if you are super duper hungry. The wait could be almost a 2 hour wait, but I believe it's so worth it!! Long wait means GREAT FOOD!
4	It was dinner time when me and my co-worker had arrived, and it was a 20 minute wait. They took my cell phone number and texted me when our table was ready. NEVER seen that before lol. It was 20 minutes as the hostess had promised and we got seated next to the window. The server was really funny and nice. I ordered the Farm Burger, the sweet potato fries and chocolate shake. On the burgers don't come any condiments so they dipping sauce they gave me for the fries, I used for my burger lol. It was so good. They give you a shaker of sugar for your fries and I must of used it all up. The only thing I didn't enjoy much was the shake. It just didn't taste any different than a regular chocolate shake I had at any other restaurant. I had to get a to-go box because it was to much to handle. I had to finish the rest of the food the next day. I will love to go back and try a different burger or even a hot dog!
5	Amazing service,  food was great! Truffle fries a little salty but other then that well worth it. We started with beer battered onion rings light and crispy with a cheddar ranch dipping sauce. ...WOW. We then shared apple Caesar  salad tart , savory,  and a hint of sweet with the apple. Had a few truffle fries, bit to salty for me, the manager came over and asked if we would like new ones,  he was kind and thoughtful.  Then the burgers!  Mouth watering, and delicious I had the signature Hells Kitchen with jalapeno, avocado, roasted tomatoes and cheese.  With every bite I didn't want it to end. My hubby had the Farm burger that had egg on it, look amazing.  The shakes were ok but I have had better.  Our server was friendly and knowledgeable of the whole menu. Gordon has done it again and we will definitely be going back.
3	I assumed since it had Gordan Ramsays name on it it would be delish. For me it was just an OK $15 burger. I ordered the hells kitchen burger which I asked for medium, my burger was damn near still alive so I traded with the boyfriend cause I hate to complain. Besides the burger still being alive it lacked flavor it was really bland. I was told the onion rings were "amazing" so I ordered them. They werent. The onion rings tasted like they were saturated in salt.Also I really think they need a water filter cause a glass of water tasted like it came from the toilet. Never drank toilet water but im sure its nasty. But on a brighter note their milkshakes were delish. (That deserves a star alone.)Now on to the service. For a high end burger joint I expected a little better. I mean it wasnt terrible, my only complaint is we sat at the bar and were not noticed by a server for almost 15 minutes. I just wanted a soda while I wated for my order to be taken. but what ever.I did see some orders going out that looked yummy. I wont be going back there for their burgers but I do want to try their dogs and jalepeno poppers they looked so good sitting on the counter LOL so until next time. Peace out BurGR.
2	It was a long wait. The waiter we had was friendly and seems to be very knowledgeable with wines, but we're not much of a drinker.The burger was about $15.00 each. The size was average. It didn't come with fries (seriously, at $15,I couldn't believe this). Comparing that with chilis burger, I don't think there's a $7 difference with the taste. My kids were very impressed (they probably want to because of the price) and because they're fans of Gordon Ramsey and we searched hard before we were able to find this place (inside the casino) We ordered the fries that was recommended here, parmesan truffles? It came in a nice, cone shaped container and it did taste good. It had freshly grated parmesan cheese sprinkled on top and there's a separate garlic aioli dip which is probably just garlic, butter and some spices. It cost $11 per order. The fries had many small pieces, like it came from the ends of a potato. I'm not impressed with that. If you're going to charge $11 for potatoes pls. make sure it's the good parts you're serving. Long wait, overpriced burgers and fries that have a lot of what looks like leftover pcs. -3 stars.
3	We came here around 1pm on a weekend. There was about a 40 minute wait. They took down our name and one of our numbers to text us when our table was ready. I absolutely love that system and think more places should implement such a system. It allowed us to wander around the mall and kill time while we waited.When we got seated, I noticed the creative menu designs with Gordon Ramsay's giant face on them. I also thought the fact they used ipads for each table for their cocktail menu was pretty cool. The vibrant pictures on the ipad screen definitely added to their appeal.We ordered the roasted jalapeno poppers and truffle fries to start. The roasted jalapeno poppers were like a fun game of Russian roulette. They purposely left the seeds in one of the six poppers, so that one lucky customer will receive a nice surprise. The truffle fries were served with a side of truffle aioli and house ketchup.For my entree, I ordered the farm burger. It came with duck breast bacon, a fried egg, and sharp cheddar. The burger was pretty good and filled me up nicely. But i've had better ones for less. Overall, I enjoyed myself immensely here as I'm a huge fan of burgers, but the value for the price point will keep me from coming back.
3	I'm beginning to wonder whether Gordon Ramsay is just a fictitious, overly confident chef. Having tried out several of his restaurants now, I'm really just not that impressed with anything he's put out. His concepts are just too over the top, trying way too hard.I guess this time it's with an Asian influence e.g. honey-pig bao buns (translation: bun buns?), soba noodle chicken salad, etc. Except... the servers are all wearing this shiny pewter/charcoal grey spandex-type dress and bowling shoes? The burgers are mounds high, piled with condiments and requiring knife and fork. The hotdogs were visually appealing. We tried the Pork Belly Dawg and it wasn't bad - but the pork belly and sauce added on top of the hotdog made everything super salty. I like how they used a gourmet sesame bun though instead of the usual cheap-ass stuff. It made a big difference in the texture - no dry and loose crumbs all over the place.However, the truffle parmesan fries were seriously delicious! Another salt-heavy item but the fries were crispy, the cheese was pungent and drool-inducing, and the truffle oil just made you want to keep eating 'em! I was most impressed with dessert (and to think, I almost passed it up because I was unimpressed with the hotdog). Just try to NOT salivate over this: sticky toffee pudding with salted peanut caramel ice cream PUSH POPS! Riiiiiight?! I haven't had a push pop in a loooong time (Flintstones anyone?). Dang these were crazy yummy with the toffee pudding at just the right amount of sweetness so that the salted peanut caramel ice cream carried most of the flavor. It was gooey but not  to the point where you had to pick it off your teeth. All the flavors just blended together for this amazing peanut buttery taste. I just want to go back for this!bottom line: gets a good vote for a hangover meal contender, but expect to pay $$.
4	I was so excited to try Gordan Ramsy's Burgr. It is located right by the Miracle Mile shops inside Planet Hollywood hotel and casino. I had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. They text you when they are ready for you which I thought was awesome-way better than the beepers they give you at other restaurants. They also gave you an Ipad to order your drinks and desserts on which I thought was a nice touch. I had a hard time choosing what burger to get because they all sounded so good! I ended up getting the Euro Burger because it had goat cheese and I loveee love goat cheese! We also got the sweet potato fries. Both were amazing! The sweet potato fries came with powered sugar and a jalapeno  mayo sauce that completed both flavors veryy well. The burger was great! I loved the goat cheese on it. We were also lucky enough to try the jalapeno poppers because the next table over gave us one to try! They were fabulous and the sauce it came with was awesome. I also tried the chocolate caramel pudding milkshake. I recommend this as well. It came with homemade whipped cream and a cookie on top. I've never had pudding with a milkshake so it made it unique and was a selling point for me. Next time I go back I want to try the push pops because those looked delicious as well! The service was good. I think our waitress was new but she was friendly. We didn't have to wait long for our food which is always great for me. If you are a burger fan I recommend trying this restaurant!
5	Absolutely amazing burger place! This totally takes Holsteins out of my list of favorite burger places.appetizers: caesar salad and onion rings. I'm lactose intolerant so I had to scrape some of the cheese off of both but they were still delicious! burGR: the "Hell's Kitchen". Definitely the best burger I've had in a while! It had roasted jalapenos and tomatoes, avocado and asadero cheese. Highlight of the night! And of course you can't have a burger without the fries. The fries were delicious but what made it so great was the chipotle ketchup! OH EM GEE!!!!!!Awesome side note - they have AT LEAST 8 TV'S THERE!!!! GOOD LAWD!!!!!!! You can watch the basketball game, news, American Idol, ANYTHING and ALL AT ONCE! I don't know why people would want to leave hahaha! Hands down best burger spot in Vegas!
5	This was great burger place!  Loved the Hell's Kitchen Burger!
2	This place was a let down. Service was iffy (not at all what you expect from the Hell's Kitchen guy)The hostess was a complete b word (I somewhat understand since she has to deal with annoying people all day, but THAT IS WHAT YOU WERE HIRED FOR) we ordered the American, Farm, and truffle fries. I really enjoyed the American, the truffle fries- not so much. They were basically crap French fries with a ton of Parmesan cheese on it. The ketchup was also beyond disgustingAnd apparently you have to speak really loud because the waitress didn't hear my wife say "farm burger" so we had to wait until I was half way done with mine before she finally got her burger. Terrible experience that unfortunately cost $80Never going back again
5	1. Gordon Ramsay is my favorite celebrity chef.2. Eat with confidence that the kitchen is spotless.3. The shakes are absolutely delicious.4. The burgers are cooked perfectly5. Expect me to eat there again.
3	The ambiance and staff are 5 stars unfortunately the charred flavor of the medium cooked burger was big letdown for such a high priced burger
5	Literally the best burger I have had in my life. I had the Farm Burger. Amazing. I also had truffle parm fries and they were stupid good too. I highly recommend this place. Compared to most Vegas restaurants, it's reasonably priced, the service was great, and the food is amazing. I'll be back
3	I was walking down the Vegas Strip and saw they fliers for Gordon Ramsay's  BRGR.  It is right at the entrance to the Planet Hollywood casino and is My curiosity struck because I have seen his insatiable passion for efficient customer service and rich flavorful food.   I got a seat at their bar to avoid the long wait for a table. Initially it took about 10-15 minutes for someone to take my order which got me saying to myself "5 more minutes and I'm walking out." Luckily the waitress came over, apologized for the delay and took my ordered. I decided to try the Hell's Kitchen Burger Medium Rare and a side of Truffle Fries.   The staff was very nice and made sure my water and ice tea were never empty. The time to get the burger, however was on the long side as well. The fries were very well seasoned and full of flavor. The burger was a solid, good quality burger.... but no a $15 burger. I have still yet to top an incredible burger place just outside of DC that made incredible burgers for half the cost.After an indulgent weekend in Vegas, I could not find anymore room to try the desserts, but they did look delicious. I have a huge sweet tooth and the concept of pudding topped milk shakes sounded and looked incredible.    Next time I am in town I may stop in for a milkshake, but probably not for a full meal..
5	Artisanal Burgr and jalapeno poppers...Great.
3	Ate here for lunch/dinner. Had a specialty beer and truffle fries with Parmesan cheese with a big burger. I did have to wait for my beer which I saw the bartender set up on the counter but the waitress took about 5 min to pick it up and bring to me, not sure why because she picked up other drinks just not mine. This is one of those places that they give you ketchup in a cup, won't let you have the bottle on the table probably because it isn't fancy enough. My food was good, the service could have been quicker on all accounts.
4	After going to Gordon Ramsey's Pub and Grill the night before, this was 100x better. We got there right at 11 so we wouldn't have to wait for a table. This place is clearly popular and there were 10 parties waiting at 11 already so if you have to wait a long time, it should be no bearing on how you rate the restaurant. There were lots of tables, lots of staff, and when we left around 12:30 the place was teeming. Our server was very knowledgeable, she explained the menu and gave us her recommendations. Her service was great and she kept checking in on us.The burgers were delicious - no complaints. We got the sweet potato fries that we could barely finish as there were so many. This place was priced very reasonably considering that it's a Vegas restaurant. For $13-15 a burger, you can't really complain.Great place and we're sad we didn't get to try the shakes.
4	Fantastic!  The Farm burger was fabulous and the sweet potato fries with powder sugar were great. Huge fan of food.  Service on the hand was slow. They forgot our fries and we had to ask for them and did not get them until we were 3/4 done with our burgers.
4	I have got to say one of the best burgers I have ever eaten out. I had the Truffle Parmesan Fries and Chanterelle burger with figgy onion jam. Dear God he needs to sell that figgy onion jam. I just love saying it. Figgy onion jam. I hesitated with it but glad I delved in. The fries are enough for a whole table and absolutely delicious. The service was slow but friendly and courteous and didn't ignore us.
5	Holy hell this place was awesome. New(er) burger place in Planet Hollywood and I'm glad I found it. I ordered the Britainna burger (or however they spell it) and it was awesome. Very juicy and it had a sweet flavor which I loved. The sweet potato fries were also really good and I liked the vanilla powder they give you to sprinkle on them (just do it, it is amazing). They even make their own ketchup which they call ye signature curry ketchup. I wish I could buy that stuff by the bottle. The place was a bit pricey but you've got to expect that in Vegas.
5	Service was excellent. Pricey, burger was basically as much as a steak at some places, but with Ramsay's name attached I went in expecting that. Saying that, I had the Bleu cheese burger which was amazing. The onion rings though were hands down the star of the show, they were delicious. Nice beer selection also.
4	Terrifical experience!  The staff was on point, drink refills just on time, and very friendly!!Being a non-meat eater, going to a burger joint is probably not ideal, but they were accomodating and suggested a DELICIOUS alternative...a portobello mushroom burger!And those fries are reedick!I would definitely go back if I wasn't watching my lady lumps!  Good times, high energy atmosphere :)
3	Dear Gordon Ramsay,You have a trained staff that is efficient, polite, and attentive...including when the mains were served before we ate 1/4 of our starters (and a very chagrined waitress apologized and scuffled the trainee/helper away)...You have modern, smart decor in a bustling casino...You do NOT, however, have an amazing burger.For a restaurant bearing the name of the signature dish like a medal, you would think that the burgers would be something of dreams.  Lacking moisture, the burgers we tried were just "okay"...the truffle fries needed salt...and the starters like the pork buns lacked flavor, as if an ingredient or two was missing.Gordon, Gordon, Gordon...we wanted to be pleased with your presentation of one of the simplest foods elevated to your standards!  Don't think we will be back to see if we just went on an "off day" for your chefs.Sigh,Us
5	Hands down best burger I've ever had. The meat is cooked over applewood and you can taste the difference in the burger. I ordered the char siu burger and the bf ordered the farm burger. They were both impeccable. He even said it was the best burger he ever had. The service was also phenomenal. Our waiter checked in on us at least 4-5 times within the hour we were there, and it was not overburdening. The burgers are about $12-15 each, but well worth it. Also, it's on the strip so everything is more pricey!
5	BurgGR is an awesome new addition to the casino floor of Planet Hollywood hotel, and adds to the trendy, fun atmosphere of PH.My boyfriend and I had seen the long lines outside BurGR the day before and decided to check it out the next day. We went for a late lunch, so there was no wait, but was still pretty busy inside. The menu is a neat little glossy paper menu that folds out.  Their drink list is presented on an iPad, where you can view all the drinks and their ingredients. All of the drinks looked super delicious, and we ordered 2 from the iPad list. They looked exactly how they looked on the screen, and tasted just as great!For an appetizer, we ordered the Kung Pao Buns.  These were absolutely perfect.  The bread was amazingly delicate and the pork belly melted in your mouthFor our main, we ordered the Artesian (basically an italian hoagie on a burger); a a burger with blue cheese; (I forget the name), and onion rings.  Let's just say that we had been eager to try each other's burgers, but since we were so busy devouring our own, we forgot to ask each other and by the time we remembered this we both only had a single bite left, and hell if we were gonna give away that last bite!The onion rings were sooo good as well. They weren't greasy like most, but rather light and crispy. They could have almost fooled you as healthy haha.When you pay the bill, they give you a little iPod in the checkbook where they ask you to fill out some questions - a neat little feature that I had never seen before.Lastly, our server Alex was awesome. Super knowledgeable, provided great service, and was a fun guy to get to know a little for an hour.Well done Gordon Ramsey! Can't wait to be back. (and contrary to popular belief, you don't make your tables too small :) )
5	My husband and I went twice to eat here and for sure will be back soon!We loved everything we had and were very impressed with the delicious food and fabulous service. Which means even more knowing that my hubby is a chef as well as trained in restaurant management.It is absolutely worth every penny!
5	I came here in December a few days after it opened and  all I can say is that this is the only reason why I want to go back to Las Vegas! The jalepeno peppers were spicy (in a good way) and the truffle fries are crispy. If you're a fan of goat cheese, I recommend the Euro Burger. The service was excellent and even though the location is random, I really do like the environment. I am totally craving their Euro Burger!
4	We went here today as part of Restaurant Week and wow was the food good, service not so much! I called to see if we needed reservations and was told we did not. Fortunately we arrived at 11:45 so we were seated by 12p while all those behind had at least 20-30 min waits. Once seated in this busy restaurant we waited for our server for some time before waiting to have our water delivered and then waited again to order, and on and on. The food was worth the wait though, I ordered the Britannia Burger and it was delicious the combination of the extremely moist burger with the mango chutney was amazing and I will certainly be trying to recreate it at home. My boyfriend had the Hell's kitchen burger and while it was good it was by no means spicy. The buns are buttery and delicious and I would definitely recommend this spot. We shared the onion rings and sweet potato fries, both good but the onion rings are by far the better choice. The dessert course was sticky toffee pudding push pops and were good not great. I would certainly visit again if I was in the area but it is a bit pricey even if it was probably one of the best burgers I've ever had.
5	"Another burger place" was what I was thinking before going to BurGR.  Nowadays, everywhere you go there is a "gourmet" burger.  But, this place is different.  Just from walking in, there is a warmth here.  I couldn't help but watch the staff, and how friendly everyone was.  This is for sure a rareity recently in Vegas, as everyone only seems out for a tip.  I have to mention my server (Karlenda) by name, because I was FLOORED by her.  If I was opening a place tomorrow, I would be trying to steal her away.  Not only was she personable, but she had a perfect knowledge of the menu, and knew every question we could throw at her.  She seemed honestly happy to be there, and to be working.  She made the experience shine before we even got the food.  As for the food, we started with the chicken and soba noodle salad, which was so good we were fighting over the last bite as they were trying to clear the plate.  The thing that impressed me the most was the range of burgers.  Of course, there is the "boring-middle-of-the-road" plain burger (which I have nothing against, but I want adventure when I have a burger out somewhere.  So many of the burgers sound good, but I could not stop wondering about the burger with the mango chutney, and so I had to order it.  We also had the spicy hot dog and goat cheese burger at the table as well.  All I can say about the burgers is that there was not a bite left on the table.  They were AMAZING.  I couldn't believe I enjoyed them so much.  As for the hot dog, I am not normally a hot dog person, but it was spicy, delicious, I couldn't believe it.  I had under-estimated this place assuming it was going to be ok food relying on a celebrity name (which happens, sadly).  For dessert I had the banana shake with butterscotch pudding on top.  I let my friends at the table have ONE SMALL SIP, and the rest was mine.  This meal was not only great, but one amazing exprience I can't stop telling people about.  I can't stop thinking about those burgers, and I am looking forward to heading back over there soon!
5	I was skeptical about a celebrity chef take on a burger joint, but it was adjacent to our hotel so we decided to give it a go. I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised. BurGR serves up delicious-- you guessed it-- burgers that are fresh, well-cooked, and smothered in tasty toppings. You can't go wrong with the truffle parmesan fries or onion rings. Both come with homemade condiments (truffle aioli-- get in my belly!!) in a cone that could feed at least 2-3 people. The one downside-- nothing makes me hungry LESS than seeing buttcheeks peaking out of the server's uniforms. I get it, we are in Vegas. Let's be trendy. Let's not put nice young ladies in teeny tiny Jetson-style dresses that barely cover their rump roasts (OH BEEF PUNS!)
1	Very disappointed. Couldn't wait to check out this place for Restaurant Week. Checked the restaurant hours online (11am-2am on a Saturday) and made the trek to the Strip during NASCAR weekend. Fought the traffic and the crowds just to arrive to a restaurant that was roped off and closed. The hostess was still behind the ropes and informed us that they had "issues" today and would not be opening for the day until 6pm. Not impressed when a place is not open during their posted hours.  Will not be returning again.
4	I was there like, 2 months ago.  This review is a tad late.  Upon reccomendation from my mom and sister, and unsure of what Vegas meal "adventure" was next....I went to BurGR.  Gordon Ramsay is their thing.  I'm not a big fan of "Hells Kitchen" but I like burgers and new experiences.  Ok. so...I have never seen it...but I didn't trust their judgement.  I should have.  After some awkwardness with some hostesses in tight dresses, I was seated.  Heather took my order.  Total sweetheart!  She deserves 5 stars alone for her attentiveness!!  She reccomended a drink which was fantastic and I ordered the "Hells Kitchen" which was delicious and discounted with my Total Rewards card!!!   I love when I pay less for meat for being a degenerate gambler! I didn't walk out with a picture of Gordon Ramsay or with a million bucks, but still totes one of the best animal carcasses in Vegas!
5	Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Really hard to form words about this place.During my convention stay for 4 nights, we ate here 3 times. These are the best burgers I've eaten in my life. Until now, that title belonged to a very stuck-away place in Puerto Rico on the beach... Strange but true!All of the food's presentations are gorgeous. The truffle fries are unlike anything I've had before (sure, you can find garlic fries, etc. - but this was a new taste).I ate the same thing every time (okay, I'm a big "find-something-you-like-and-stick-with-it person") - guacamole spicy burger (sorry, can't remember the name).The price isn't cheap for burgers, but what is in Vegas? I've never had the pleasure of eating here until this trip, but I will be returning as often as possible, that's for sure!
2	So I went here with my family, 4 adults. 3 of us were unimpressed, 1 of us was in love! Me personally, meh , not a fan. For the name, I would of expected much better, at least enjoyable. It was edible. We each had a different style burger and also ordered the fries and chicken wings. For 4 adults we paid around 170$ for 4 burgers, 3 fries, 4 sodas and 1 side of wings. I believe 2 girly alcoholic drinks were had as well. Normally I would think ok about 200$ for an evening  for 4 people, could be worth it, but really not in this case. Over priced a whole bunch and the food was more decoration then tasteful. Try hash house a gogo if you want a good burger, they're inexpensive and good!
1	i was there for the experience for my sons 16th birthday but it was disappointing. the food we ate was o.k. then we told the waitress the hotdog was to salty then she said that she will just credit us the amount. then by the time we paid our bill the the credited amount was still there. then they maid the neccessary changes. After 3 days i check my account i was charge almost $300 dollars which my bill was supposed to be only $139.i was charge twice  then i called them to dispute this issue i asked for the manager  the holst told me what was the issue then i told her to just direct me to the manager i had the chance to say my name ask his name and i was cut off then keep on calling then never answer back. then i left my cell # still waiting for respond. what an experience ha? and I'm still waiting for there call to credit the amount they took.
1	This is the second Gordon Ramsey place I've tried and I can honestly say he's the most overrated celebrity chef. A few years back had drinks and food at LONDON in NYC and it was like, meh. Nothing special, just ok and a little disappointing. Shrugged it off and just resigned myself to the idea that it was better to watch him on TV than to actually go to one of his places....then Vegas happened. It was late and BurGR was almost the only place open so why not. The place looked great-nice, clean, and modern. Hostess was friendly and our server was really nice. Menu looked interesting and enticing so it seemed like there was hope. I know it's a burger place (hence the name - duh!) but the hot dogs looked really good so I decided to order one. Bad idea. It took a little long for the food to come out but that's ok. We were in no rush and our server was friendly. Finally our food came and it looked amazing. My plate was huge, looked great and then I took a bite. It was the worst bite of food I've ever had. It was super salty. I mean SUPER SUPER salty. So salty that I almost spit it out like the restaurant's namesake does on TV. I thought it was me so I took another bite and it was confirmed. BLEH....!I'm not one to complain to a waiter, have food redone or replaced. When the waiter came and asked how everything was my friend insisted I say something so I did. Our server was apologetic and kind. He offered something else and insisted I pick something else. By then I was so turned off I would of honestly preferred a return but graciously accepted a hamburger. He took it away and apologized and told me I was not the first person to complain and that the kitchen was working on the recipe. Really?!? Not the only person to say this and the kitchen is working on this....really?!? (My guess is that they have the hot dogs custom made for the restaurant.) Sorry, with a big name associated with this place I'd think this would of been fixed BEFORE you even opened the doors.  Burger came, was decent but by then my taste buds were so blasted by the salty dog it was pointless. (BTW: If you're ever in NY Shake Shack is the place for a good old fashion juicy burger.)If you go get the burger, forget the hot dogs until they've improved the recipe.
4	Came here on a Saturday night and the place was packed. It was about a half hour wait time, but it was nice because the hostess will have you enter your phone number on an ipad and they text you when there's a table (so you can just shop around Planet Hollywood as you wait.) Very trendy, modern, tech savvy restaurant with lots of people. We sat at a booth and they gave us an ipad to view the menu. We ordered two different burgers one was the Hell's Kitchen Burger, also ordered Truffle Fries, and the Hummus and Pita Bread. I don't like burgers too much, but I had several bites of the Hell's Kitchen Burger. It was pretty good my girl friend seemed to like it. A very gourmet burger. I think the other burger my guy friend ordered was the American Burger and he devoured that pretty quickly. Truffle fries were really good (I still like Umami's truffle fries a little more ..) The truffle sauce was deliciously addicting though. The pita bread was warm and toasted. The plate also came with a side of random vegetables that went well with the hummus. It was a lot of food and very filling. The food in general was a bit too salty for my taste, but otherwise it was filling and satisfying. As for dessert, we didn't get any, but the menu offered a variety of milk shakes. Didn't order any drinks either, but had a FAT TUESDAY  beforehand as we walked around Planet Hollywood and that was great (mango and blueberry ftw.)Service was great.
5	Had an incredible lunch here. Had the American and the Brittania Burgers.   Brittania Burger was by far the winner.  Incredible taste and combo of sweet/savory.  The Maui onion rings were on par too.  Loved the chipotle mayo and cheddar ranch.  Our server was absolutely top notch.  Though it took our food a little while to get to table, she checked in, made small talk, and helped the time pass so nicely, we barely noticed.  Highly recommend this.
5	Fantastic burgers!  We ordered the jalapeno poppers for an appetizer which was awesome!   A must try!  We ordered 3 different burgers and split an order of truffle fries and sweet potatoes fries.  The burgers were excellent, especially the farm burger. The duck breast bacon on the farm burger was the best bacon I've ever had!   So here's the price, we had jalapeno poppers, 3 burgers,  2 order of fries, a coke and 2 waters.  The total was $77 before gratuity.   Its expensive for a burger joint but worth it.  The quality makes up for the price. A must try atleast once! And the waitresses an hostess were dressed quite nice!!
4	Good food at a fair price. The only bad thing was the food was slow coming out.
4	Came here with my husband and my sister and her husband last weekend and had a great experience!  The wait on a Monday night was 45 minutes but it was pretty neat that they text you when your table is ready.  The service is fantastic -- the waiters are very well educated on their menu and you never have to ask for a refill.We had the Honey Pork Belly Buns and Jalapeno Poppers for appetizers.  I really enjoyed the Pork Belly Buns a lot -- I loved the subtle Asian taste and the flavors balanced really well.  I liked the Jalapeno Poppers too but I thought that the sauce they came with was a little too creamy -- and also I believe there was melted Cheddar Cheese inside the popper as opposed to Cream Cheese which is more traditional.  There could've been Cream Cheese as well -- but I could mostly taste the Cheddar.  For dinner my sister and I both ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger which was delicious.  I wish it had been more spicy (given it's name) but it was delicious none-the-less.  My husband and brother-in-law both ordered the Farm Burger which was also delicious -- the fried egg added a nice touch.  I love that you can get your burgers grilled to your liking (although for $15 per burger, that's the least they can do).  We also had the Parmesan Truffle Fries which were DELICIOUS.  I could've made a meal just out of those.All in all, while we had a really great experience, I don't think we'd go back the next time we're in Vegas because a) it wasn't out of this world and b) there are just too many places to try in Vegas!
4	5 stars for the burger (Hell's kitchen burger). I especially liked the gigantic bun-sized jalapeno in the burger. Fries were meh.Compared to Holstein's which I tried on the same trip, I would say BurGR has the better burger but Holstein's has better ambience and fries.
5	I hope you're happy now Gordon Ramsey. I've completed the trifecta of being to all 3 of your incarnations in Las Vegas now.BurGR is located inside Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. Those of you who have read my PH reviews will know unless you're staying at this hotel or very near walking distance-wise, it's not the greatest spot in terms of ease of accessibility. I will note this is the first good valet experience even if it is on the third try.The decor seemed trendy & chic yet it still felt casual. I found the place thanks to two large screen TV's bearing the restaurant's name & emblem. There were also numerous TV's throughout the place showing various sporting events.Place was crazy packed, wait time was 45min-1hr! Fortunately my sister and I didn't have to wait. I did ask the hostess if this was a normal lunch hour and she said yes, it's like this pretty much all day except for a few hours between lunch & dinner. That's pretty long to wait but on the other hand it's probably a good sign if it's always that busy. Reservations are recommended.We came for Restaurant Week but it didn't stop my sister from sampling the Gin Green Tea and from I trying shake #3. Banana shake with top 1/3 being butterscotch pudding and a dollop of whipped cream to top it all off. Pretty rich and creamy, big chunks of banana still floating through the thickness of the shake.I had the Hell's Kitchen burger(asadero cheese, jalapenos, avocado & tomato) & she had the Euro burger(truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula & tomato). We also had an order of the truffle fries w/ house made ketchup & truffle aioli and the beer battered sweet maui onion rings w/ chipotle ketchup & cheddar ranch. Not to mention the sticky toffee pudding push pops to finish the meal. It was all so good but I was ready to fall over from being so full at the end.Our waitress was very nice & attentive. There was a few close water refill 'emergencies' but it didn't last long LOL. She told us the menus, which were double folded with a round cutout at the bottom center so it would stand up and accomodate the napkin/utensil wrap through it, could be taken for souvenirs if we so chose. Same for the expended plastic push pops(dunno if it matters but my sister noticed were made in Italy).For $20 Restaurant Week it was a great deal since the burger & fries were already around $25, then the dessert to boot. Out of the 3 GR spots I'd probably choose this place to dine at more often if I HAD to go again hehe. It's just more my style, but that's just me. Not to say anything was really bad at his other two places aside from the prices. I give this place a solid 4.5 stars but gave it the benefit and bumped it to 5 since theres no half-star option. Can't really penalize Ramsey for PH having such bad accessibilty.
4	The Britianna Burger was by far one of the best burgers I've ever had...top five for sure.  The parmasean fries and homeade ketchup was delicious.  I'll be coming back for sure.
3	I'd like to rate Burgr higher, but when taking the overall experience into  consideration, I won't.  The food was pretty good - chanterelle burger cooked to perfection and tasty onion rings.  The chipotle ketchup was way too sweet and suffered from a lack of smoke if claiming the pepper namesake.  The bigger issues were service oriented.  I don't mind waiting for a table if it means I get great service when I'm seated.  That wasn't my experience.  It took 45 minutes to be seated at about 2 on March 13 - no problem if you do a stellar job upon seating.  The food took another 27 minutes from the time the order was placed and I felt that was fortunate compared to the tables nearby.  We had a straight shot, no apps since the rings showed up with the burger even though we said however the food came out would be fine.  The server seemed somewhat weeded closing out a busy lunch.  The biggest problem aside from wait time was inattentiveness and pricing.  If I order a glass of wine, I darn well expect to be charged for what I order, not $4 more since "we don't have a button for that". I don't know how long this place has been open, but fix your POS to have buttons for all the BTG wines.  I doubt I'm the first to order a pinot noir at lunch.  When attention was called to the additional charge, Scott the manager fixed the problem by removing a beer from the tab.  Okay for me, but not for the bottom line.  Draft beer is hard to track and he handily kept my pricier wine on the tab, but removed a $6 beer allowing for a $2 skim if desired.  I also think the female servers should have uniforms that don't sag when wearing a guest check on their belt.  I'm glad I tried Burgr, but I won't make a point of going back like I do with other favorites of similar nature on the Strip.
5	Great burgers & fries. Make sure you go early or you will be waiting
5	So good.The restaurant is really nice and modern, and the staff is friendly and attentive. We tried the five spice chicken sliders as an appetizer - delicious! I thought the Sriracha mayo would make them really spicy, but it was a nice balance of Sriracha flavor without tons of heat.The Hell's Kitchen burger is sooo good. The bun is toasted well, the meat is cooked to perfect, and the toppings are great. The American burger was also really good - simple and delicious.The fries are nice and thick, crispy, and yummy. They're served with chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup - fantastic! The curry ketchup is so delicious. I could eat it in place of regular ketchup forever.I would definitively recommend going. I will be back!
1	Walked in and sat at the bar/counter. The staff behind the bar looked at me no less than ten times in about ten minutes. I was not greeted, provided a menu, asked for my drink order, etc. So I got up and left. By the way, it was a week night and not busy. With an abundance of over priced burger joints in Vegas, this place stands out for BAD service.
5	My friends and I joked that this meal changed our lives but I might just be serious. Honestly, BEST MEAL I HAVE EVER HAD! And I don't even like red meat. I also highly recommend the Parmesan Truffle Fries.
3	Be prepared to wait, unless you make reservations here, they are really racking in the business! Our wait wasn't too bad, to get in at least, about 40min. It took a half hour to get our food, but like I said, they are pretty busy, and our food was at least piping hot and fresh when we got it.We came here for the Restaurant Week deal, and I got the Parmesan Truffle fries with the Earth burger, my boyfriend got the Euro burger and the fries as well.The fries are amazing! I've never had truffle fries before, so I was pretty blown away by these. They come  with their own truffle sauce and a house made ketchup, but the fries taste really good with their corresponding truffle one. They are huge steak fries, and they give you a lot of themThe Earth burger is a portabella mushroom with some melty cheese and tomato. It wasn't the best I have had, yet it was not the worst. It was really disappointing though, since there is SO much you can do with veggie burgers, but oh well. The dessert was a sticky toffee pudding push pop, very much like the childhood Flintestone pops, with a salted peanut ice creamed layered with a toffee cake. Pretty darn good, but I didn't like the combination much. The salty ice cream with the sweet cake would sound great, but they didn't mix very well with me. I would prefer the cake by itself and leave the ice cream.My boyfriend loved his Euro burger, and the fries, but the prices outside of this week's deal, and the wait, will keep us away for a while.
3	Good burger. I was expecting ahi tuna burgers or shrimp burgers with crazy sauces. The menu was really beef focused. I had the asian inspired burger with hoisin glaze and pork belly. I gave it 8 out of 10.
5	BurGR is open late on Friday and Saturday nights. Unfortunately they do NOT allow reservations. So you have to wait if you want lunch or dinner at a traditional lunch/dinner time. I went there at around 12am at night, so there was pretty much no wait. We were seated almost immediately. Here's what is so wonderful about this restaurant that made me give it a 5:1) Service -  The service here was SPOT ON. Our server was extremely friendly. He came by pretty much a couple of minutes after we got seated (I was too busy looking at the surroundings to be impatient too), and gave us an iPad to take a look at the drinks menu (pretty darn cool). He told us straight out that they were a little busy and that it might take him a little longer to get around to us. Just the fact that he told us that was a +1 in my book. Plus, he didn't actually take that long to get to us. The time in between him popping in our table to get the drinks order and to get the food order was perfect in my mind. We didn't feel rushed, and we didn't feel like it was too slow. It was great that when he served the food, he even told us what was the ingredients in each dish. It was also AMAZING that he didn't drop by too many times to ask how we were "doing" with the food. Another thing we noticed was that he never asked if we wanted more water, he just notices it and brings us a new cup of water (yes a new cup, not come by and refill the cup) without disrupting our conversation. Another +1 in my book.I saw a couple of reviews where people complained about the girls in the front gossiping and talking amongst themselves. I have to admit that that part is a bit true. The girls who are seating you stood in the front in a group of two to three sometimes, and they were just talking with each other. HOWEVER, what differed in my experience was that though they were talking to each other, once I walked by the front desk to ask them where the restrooms are (they are right across the restaurant by the way, I was so dumb), they immediately snapped their attention to me and did not continue talking to each other until they've answered my question. I didn't feel like I needed to stand there and wait for them to finish talking or anything. They immediately noticed me and answered my dumb question.2) Food - For a burger place, the food was pretty darn amazing. We got the five spice chicken sliders for appetizers and that was, I think, the greatest part about my meal. The chicken was PERFECTLY juicy and friend/cooked SO crispily. The five spices that were in the sliders were not overwhelming nor was it underwhelming. The sliders were not too salty, and it had just the right amount of creamy flavor. I loved it!I got the Apple Cider drink that was recommended to us. It was made very well, and had very little hints of alcohol/beer in it. My partner and I are not a big fan of beer, yet we were able to stomach this very well because it tasted just like apple cider without the alcohol!The truffle fries were amazing. It was not overly salty and it had a great balance of flavor. My taste buds are generally very sensitive to salt since I cook with very little salt and oil. Here, I did not feel that any of the food was overly salty at all.For entrees we got the Hell's Kitchen burger and the Char Siu Burger. I thought the Hell's Kitchen burger was a bit better/unique than the Char Siu Burger. The Hell's Kitchen burger was great with the japaleno kick, and it was not super spicy at all. The Char Siu burger was a bit sweet, which was what added the edge to this burger. Both were very well made, to our specifications (medium rare). The buns are made in house and it was the right amount of fluffy and crispness. Also, during this whole meal we did not feel heavy at all, which was really amazing because many burger joints are very heavy. We felt full, but not bursting with oily/salty heaviness after the meal.- - - - -All in all, we felt that this place was a great value (it's not even THAT expensive) and the service was great, as was the food. I'd definitely visit again!
4	Food: 4Service: 4I came in very open minded about this burger joint. While I love In-n-Out among other places in Vegas, paying $15 isn't for everyone. I went during restaurant week and I feel like the staff did a disservice by not telling us about the deals without me prompting them. I didn't hear them tell about the deals to other customers nearby either.I had the chantrelle burger cooked medium. Great flavor with the mushrooms, figgy-onion jam, and the buttered bun. I had the just fries which I love steak fries, but couldn't finish them. And then part of the $20.13 restaurant week price was a sticky toffee push pop which was very good. Solid restaurant in which I'd go back. As much as one wants to knock Gordon Ramsay, he does a pretty good job at his restaurants having been to Gordon Ramsay at the London in Manhattan and been knocked away by food and service.
5	I am obsessed with this place. I'm a vegetarian so that is really saying something.We waited for awhile but they have a great beer selection so we didn't mind.The service at the bar and at our table was outstanding. Everyone was incredibly friendly.We tried the spicy margarita with the jalapeno infused tequila and it was amazing!!I ordered the earth burger which is a burger with a portabella mushroom instead of meat and the waitress told me she could so any other burgers on the menu with mushroom instead. I went for one with roasted jalapenos, the "burger" was unbelievable.  We also had the truffle fries and the onion rings. Everything was outstanding.I went back two days later and had lunch at the bar because it was so delicious. If you are in the Vegas area, this place is definitely one to check out!!
4	I went on Monday night, it was fairly busy, but I was by myself so the hostess suggested sitting at the bar so I did. First off the bartender (I forget his name, young cute guy) was REALLY great. Super nice, and just sitting there watching him make drink after drink with ease, and answering everyones questions about the large beer selection. I was really impressed with the service. Especially considering how busy this place is and how new it is. They really have their act together.I ordered the Farm Burger and the truffle fries. The burger I have to say was just ok. I didn't like the meat, it was a little dry and had sort of a strange taste (maybe the fancy wood it's grilled on?), I ordered it medium.  Like I wish it was fattier or something... Then considering it had duck bacon and a fried egg and aioli on it all i could taste was the meat. I think I just prefer not grilled burgers to be honest. Or it could just be what I had...But those fries were to die for!! Oh man I swear they must of shaved a whole block of cheese in them, and the truffle aioli was delicious. I can't recommend those highly enough. I'll definitely go back just to have those. I would like to try more burgers. I know burgers are finicky, it may be better next time!I didn't think the price was terrible. For those two things it was about $30 with tax and tip. You would share the fries if you had another person with you.Overall, check it out, I think you need to form your own opinion on this place.
3	I must say this review will be difficult for me to write.  I gave it 3 stars base off my personal experience there a few days ago, however I would like to stress this is at no fault of BurGR.  When I visited this place last Saturday, I was hung over.  Very hung over.  The wait was a little long but that was due to the mass amount of people there, really no fault of the restaurant.  When we sat down, the waitress was very friendly and gave us a chance to look over the menu while getting our drinks.  We got the parmesan onions rings and fries with our burgers.  I got the hot burger with chilis and I must say it lived up to its name.  Good things goin on here but I honestly couldn't enjoy the experience fully due to my own stupidity the night before.  But if you're craving a good burger joint with tons of creativity, this is a good place to start.
3	I have to preface this review with- we eat rare burgers. like so rare it qualifies as tartar. We did not get rare rare burgers at BurGR (which surprises me on one hand because I have seen Gordon ream out chefs for not serving meat at the correct temperature, but doesn't surprise me on the other hand because I know that a lot of restaurants are afraid to do a true rare burger).When the hostess seated us she pointed out their merchandise (wtf I didn't know i was going through a gift shop on my way to the table).Waitresses need a new uniform. Period. Gordon, you miss the f+cking mark on attire. What are you thinking with this retro futuristic style of dress for your waitresses. Its almost to the point of offensive because of how short and low cut, distracting, the outfits are. I almost felt bad because our waitress, Crystal, was awesome but her boobs in my face was a little distracting. Crystal was great, she recommended some great drinks ( I did the skinny screw and hubs got a Guinness, the little Guinness shooter was his first choice but when he found out it was a tiny shot  sans actual Guinness he decided on just true Guinness). The ipad drink menu is weird, I almost thought the entire menu should be on it or something else- didn't seem like a good use of an ipad. The husband got the farm burger- duck bacon and an egg, he liked the flavors a lot. The bun was good, the patty was a bit smaller than we are used to. We shared an order of sweet potato fries (without vanilla sugar) and it came with house made ketchup and a jalapeno mayo sauce. We felt that if you are going to say jalapeno you need to make it spicy. We almost asked for hot sauce. The house made ketchup is really good- very tomato-y. I had the Choy Sui burger which has pork belly, carrots, radish, and cilantro. It was good, the flavors were there. The pork belly was a little chewy so it was hard to just take a bite of the burger and come out with all the flavors intended. Pulling fattiness out of your mouth is never becoming either. The fries were cooked well, the waitress was a doll, but I will always have this experience in the back of my mind when I watch him scold chefs for overcooking meat. Getting a rare burger is hard, but we thought that of all places, BurGR could hit the mark. "WOW,Wow wow wow " as Gordon would say, this place needs to check itself that it isn't just riding on the popularity of it's name and is actually delivering. Burgers have NO sides, so I guess $15 for just a burger is a good price for the strip, but I am used to getting RARE burgers with fries or salad included for that much. Bottom line: If you love Gordon, go taste what he has to offer. If you are expecting a meal that shows you what Gordon does to other restaurants go to a different f=cking place. WOW, wow wow wow.
3	Best part of BurGR was the service and looking at the giant picture of Gordon Ramsay.  Ambiance was upbeat and energetic.  The burger was good but the rub was a little salty for my taste.  I had the Hell's Kitchen (heck ya) and my friend had the American and we each said that it was a tad too salty.  Had reservations on a Wednesday and were glad we did because others wanted 1 1/3 hours.
3	Most importantly: The burger was amazing.  I didn't try the french fries, but my friends liked them.They don't take reservations, and told us that our party of 7 would have to wait 45 mins.  We put our name in and walked next door for drinks.  Less than 10 minutes later they buzzed us asking us to come back.... just as we were getting our drinks.  They could be a LITTLE more accurate with the check-in...The waitresses all had cute outfits on, but ours was a bit pushy about getting us more drinks.  If I was in the mood for a great burger, this would be my top choice, but it's kind of hyped up (Gift shop all around you when you walk in? feels like a tourist trap).I liked it, and would go back, but not in love with it.
4	I ordered the Farm Burger.  It had duck bacon and a fried egg on it.  I ordered it mid-rare and it came out perfectly cooked.  I liked it but I didn't love it like I'd expected.  It lacked saltiness. Maybe the egg yolk got in the way of the duck bacon flavor.Truffle Parmesan fries were good but the parmesan became a separate entity as it didn't stick to the fries.  It just flaked off.  The sauces that came on the side were delicious.The chicken wings were underwhelming.  I couldn't taste enough wasabi and not enough 'hellfire'.My buddy ordered the Chanterelle Burger, mid-rare and it came out well done.  That pretty much ruined the flavor it might have had.  We couldn't taste the figgy onion jam it was supposed to have had.  We didn't make a fuss, nor did we want to wait for another burger to be made correctly.My kids each had the Standard Dawg.  Huge and DELICIOUS!  Yay!  They are cooked differently than any dawg I've had.  Some kinda wiener magic happening there.  The bun was cool, too.  Kinda like a pretzel.The best part of the meal was the Butterscotch Pudding and Banana Shake.  LOVED this.  And I don't even love shakes, ever.  This was fanf*ckingtastic.  It comes in a tall, slender glass, topped with a big layer of pudding, fresh whipped cream and a snickerdoodle cookie.  Every single layer of flavor worked outrageously well together.  I would go back just for this.  In fact, I'd try all the other shakes, too.Service was fine.  Our waitress seemed like a pleasant automaton.I like that the kitchen is open so you can see them working in there.I wish I had been more impressed with the burgers.
4	BurGREAT.Visiting Las Vegas from San Francisco, I quickly realized how spoiled I was at home, where there is an abundance of great, cheap restaurants. The first two restaurants we checked out on the strip were over-priced and their food and service left much to be desired.Well, Gordon Ramsay BurGR changed everything. I had the Pork Belly buns as an appetizer (wonderful) followed by the Euro Burger with goat cheese. This was the best burger I'd eaten in a very long time. I was also very impressed that they actually listened to my request for the burger to be rare. Extra points for the service being top-notch.This was the best meal we had in town and also the cheapest, go figure!
5	Outstanding is about all I can say. Farm Burger and Blue Burger cooked to perfection. The flavors all complimented each other. Sweet Potato Fries with the vanilla powdered sugar was very good as well. Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings tasted great and the dipping sauces were outstanding. This guy knows what he is doing. Staff and the overall restaurant where great as well.
4	Farm Burger, Truffle fries and the most wonderful onion rings.  This restaurant has great food and is fun.
3	I encouraged a couple of my mates to join me for Restaurant Week, and we decided to come here. We were told that there's a 30-minute wait, which turned out to be an hour. It was a little frustrating. The place's design concept is interesting, not in a sense that is negative, but definitely different from any other burger spots I've been to. Attention to detail was definitely not spared, from the tables down to the waiters'/waitresses's and hostesses uniforms. The iPad that had the beer, spirits and dessert menu was also a nice feature. The price is fair, and since we were there for Restaurant Week, it was quite amazing! We paid $20 for a burger, an appetizer (any of the fries or onion rings) and a dessert. In addition, I also tried the pork belly bun. Our waiter was pleasant and our water was never half empty (it's one of the things I keep a tab of).The Food: I got the Euro burger, the pork belly bun, truffle Parmesan fries and the push-pop. The Euro burger, although the description was mouth-watering, it did not step up to the plate. The cheese was too over powering and I could hardly taste anything else but the cheese. The pork belly bun - it was loaded with carrot strings, the taste was good but you may need to remove some of the carrot strings. The fries was a bit too salty for me but the sauces were pretty darn tasty! So I would suggest, get the regular fries and just ask if you can have all of the sauces (there are 6 I believe). My friend got the onion rings and they were pretty good. The batter was light and was incredibly crunchy, however, the ones in the bottom, it's best to skip those since they are so greasy. The dessert was pretty neat experience, a sticky toffee/peanut butter ice cream push-pop. It's been a while since I've had a push-pop myself. The peanut butter ice cream was okay, but the sticky toffee pudding was pretty tasty! I'm rating this a 3 start instead of 4 because of the food. I felt I had to alter my food in order to enjoy it. Service/ambiance is a solid 4 (not a 5 since our wait time was double what was told to us).
2	Came here late night for a burgr (I live across the street at CityCenter).  Had the chanterelle burger and also ordered the bao buns as a starter.  The bao buns were amazingly bland.  The pork was nice but underseasoned.  It was on the tough/chewy side, so hard to eat it in more than two bites (two pieces/bun, one piece of pork/bite).  The garnishes on it were terrible.  The carrots were barely pickled.  Was hoping the burger would be better, but it had the same problem.  The arugula was superfluous as it didn't add much (I enjoy arugula but couldn't taste the nuttiness).  The waiter proudly told me that the patty was a three cut blend of beef, but all I could taste was cardboard (sorry).  No seasoning was detected.  The burger was on the sweet side, so I asked for ketchup (which was their homemade kind, and also on the too-sweet side), and then asked for pickles because the burger needed a bite, but was told that all they had were really sweet bread and butter pickles, so I declined.  Service was good, if not a bit obsequious.  The greeter was a lovely lady - very polite with a nice smile.  The waiter kept coming by to tell me that my bao buns would be right up, and did so about 4 times before they came (I don't think that it really took that long, but coming by so often to tell me that they were coming made it seem like it was taking forever).My favorite burger spot in LV is Bachi Burger - off strip, although haven't had a huge sampling yet of strip burger joints.
4	Lets get right to the "Meat" of the situation......................................Gordon Ramsey BurGr - located at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino, not in the miracle mile shopping section of the hotel. Drinks - an iPad was placed at the table that had the beer and spirits displayed on it. Cool feature.The Menu - take home souvenir. The food - Snacks, Dawgs, and Burgers are all high quality.If you are a fan of Gordon Ramsey you will love this place. Now the negatives..............................Waiting time - the place does get crowded and the wait can be an hour+ at times. But you are in a casino, so you can take a seat at the blackjack tables or play the slot machines until then. Which could also be a negative.Noise Level - very loud!Total Rewards Pricing - If you don't have a Harrah's card, most items will cost you a dollar more. Over cost of the meal - burgers are in the $15 buck range, and fries are priced between $8 - $11 bucks. Plan on spending around $60+ bucks for a party of 2. Tips - the burgers are big with interesting toppings. So you could order a few different burgers, cut them in half and share. One order of fries is enough for two people.
4	Finallly got the try this place out after I spotted it being constructed last time out in Vegas. Be prepared to wait, especially if you have a large party. This place is always packed and even though I was eating by myself, I still had to wait about 30 minutes. They do have a cool texting service though that will let you know through text when you're reservation is ready. AND not to mention that you can easily go shopping as well when waiting or gambling since there are tables and slots right outside of the restaurant.Decided to order the Hell's kitchen burger with Truffle parmesian fries. The burger and fries looked fantastic and you could tell that they really put a lot of pride in their food based on the appearance of the food. The burger was very juicy, cooked medium rare just the way I like it! Contrary to what others say, this burger is not that spicy at all. It also does have a nice sweet taste which went with the mild spiciness of the burger. All ingredients were very fresh and the burger was great! The fries were the the highlight of the night! The fries are humongous and easily shareable with two people. The parmesian went great with the fries and all of the seasonings on the fries provided a great touch. They weren't too crispy and weren't too soft; I highly recommend trying them out.This place is pretty pricey though as getting a burger and fries could easily run you 30-35 bucks. SHARE the fries as it is definitely enough to share between a couple of people. Good stuff and great location real close to the miracle mile shops and planet hollywood.
4	So funny to have an Englishman do burgr.  Any case. The burgers aren't huge if your hungry. It's ok.  I think I like counters more. Had the hella kitchen not spicy at all.  The truffle fries were amazing. Fried slow to a crisp Smoothie wow. Got the strawberry one yum. I think I did like better than Holsteins but again counters has it beat
5	Onion rings were awesome!  Peanut Butter shake was decadent.  Burgers were amazing with excellent flavor and ingredient combination.  Service was good and the place was busy so there was a bit of a wait.  Waitress outfits were skimpy and G.R. did a great job designing the restaurant, food and experience.
1	Pricey and the burgers were not good. I had the blue cheese burger. It tasted only of blue cheese. My sister had the regular cheese burger and it was so sweet she couldn't eat it.For the price it has horrible. Will never go there again.
4	The best sweet potato fries you will have in your life! Served with powdered sugar and a honey-jalapeno aioli. Mouth watering!! The burgers were worth the $13-15 dollars. Thick and juicy, and not your average flavors. I had a bruger with pork belly on it. The only down side was they charged me for a glass of water, other than that I would recommend this place, Even if you just came for the sweet potato fries! they were that good :)
5	A 5 Star Gourmet Burger all the way! I had the Sweet Potato Fries and they were great. My husband raved about the Jalapeno poppers. Of course we had the sticky toffee pudding pops for dessert\ and they did not disappoint!Cons: There will most likely be a wait if you go during your average lunch/dinner time so plan for that, there is first come/first serve seating at the bar area.Overall great place to dine!
4	I love Gordon Ramsay.  Coming to this restaurant was a highlight of my recent Vegas trip. Service was top notch, my server even paired a beer with my burger for me (kudos).  The burgers could have been more tasty considering this is Gordon Ramsay's creation, but they were good burgers.  I loved that they texted us when our table was ready, so we were able to walk around for the hour wait.  Also, we sat on the counter top (by choice) - I recommend it! It was really fun watching the kitchen operate :)
5	Great burgers, good service, my waiter was alex with the glasses, he was wonderful I recommend it to everyone especially if you love burgers!
2	Sweet potato fries are great. If you can not eat sugar or don't like sweets make sure to tell them not to put powdered sugar on them. Burgers are okay. They are cooked well but ours were too salty. Size slightly small for price. Bun just okay. The selection of burgers is good but honestly although the meat is cooked well again not worth the wait or calories. Milkshakes are cute made from pudding. Besides the food being too salty and the buns soggy on the burgers, the waitstaff slow. Hostess makes everyone wait 30-40 minutes while there are plenty of empty tables inside. They text your phone when your table is ready which is nice, but then patrons wait again for 10-15 minutes to be seated. Our waiter was just okay never refilled drinks. Did explain to  us everything was cooked to order so food would take 20 minutes. Then the burgers came out cold. Oh and the noise level was too high. Could not hear anyone talk. Music and TV's not necessary even if it is Vegas.
5	This is our second time coming here in two days and there is a wait time but our waiter (Garret) and food (Hells Kitchen Burger) was phenomenal! I highly recommend this to anyone who is coming to Vegas!
5	Happy Easter to me!  After 40 days of no meat, I got to break the fast in style.  Francisco A., Kevin Y., Mrs. Y., and I showed up here about ten minutes before the place opened at 11:00am and there was a line that had formed already, but this is a large restaurant so we were seated by 11:10am.  There are flat screens everywhere for sports fans, but we had to ask a few times to have the channel changed to the NCAA game on some of the screens facing us; the guys were getting antsy when they couldn't see the action.  Our waitress was very attentive and helpful with the menu since it was the first time there for all of us.  Between the four of us, we had a nice sample of the menu:Honey Pig Bao (2 orders -4 bao total)Maui Onion RingsSweet Potato FriesChanterelle Burger for meBleu Burger for KevinStandard Burger for Mrs. Y. (I don't know the official name of her burger)Farm Burger for FranciscoPush-Up PopsIced Tea x3 and water = $120.00, approx.Everything was delicious and we all enjoyed our food--simple as that.The best sweet potato fries I've had, with some kind of vanilla sprinkles on top. The onion rings were delicious, as well, with a shredded cheese, maybe Parmesan?The bao were tasty and fresh.Kevin and I halved our burgers so we could try each other's--I liked his bleu cheese burger, but the cheese was a little strong for my taste.  I loved my burger, with chanterelle mushrooms, arugula, and a yummy fig paste.Service was consistent throughout the meal.  Our glasses were constantly changed out for refills; Cisco remarked that they must wash glasses non-stop there.  I noticed that the manager was also bringing food to other tables and it must be a trademark because he showed up at our table with our dessert.  Our bill came with a survey to fill out and one of the questions asked if the manager made contact; he sure did!  After not having meat for Lent, I knew I wanted to go someplace special for the first meal back as a carnivore.  Gordon Ramsay BurGR was the perfect place to have that experience.
4	I've never seen Hell's Kitchen or any of Gordon Ramsay's other shows, but I've heard 'of' him. Our friends were staying at PH so we decided to meet up for lunch. On YELP (cough) it says you can make reservations but when we called concierge they said no, it's first come first serve. Luckily, the line wasn't very long yet - 10-minutes before they opened for lunch service (11am). The hostesses slowly seating people which is typical since you don't want to overwhelm the kitchen with orders coming in at once. When we were seated, the service was awesome and the team of people taking orders, delivering and cleaning up were friendly AND efficient. The manager stopped by twice to check in with us as well.+ lots of tvs (good ambiance i guess, haha)+ high tech (drink menu on ipads, survey with check on iphone)+ total rewards members get -$1 nearly every menu item+ onion rings are SO GOOD+ hell kitchen's burger's jalapeno is VERY SPICY - I had to be a whimp and take it out+/- shakes are good but filling (and thick/heavy)- pricey (but if you can't finish your food, take it to go and it'll still be delicious later)
4	Menu items are big and al a carte, which can make it a bit more expensive than it may seem at first when you first look at the menu. Taste-wise it's very good.
4	Burgr is a good spot for a burger when on the strip.  It was quite busy and a tad pricey but I guess you are paying for the Gordon Ramsay name.  Although I would not make a special trip to Planet Hollywood for a burger, if I am near it and craving a burger, I would stop in at Burgr again.
4	This place was yummy! good food, good service, hot waittress! wait time can be up to two hours but you can leave your cell number and they text you when you table is ready. thumbs up.
5	Our new favorite place!  Sat at the bar twice and received out of this world service from John and also Mark!  A big thank you to both of them!  The hamburger is quite tasty, however, the hot dog is even better!  Who would think?  The rolls are made right there, with black and white sesame seeds.  Hot dogs are sauteed, steamed and then grilled over apple wood chips.  The hummus is the best I have ever had accompanied by the most delicious fresh veggies (radishes, scallions and carrots).  I had to ask for extra the second visit!  The shakes are good, but filling, as there is a layer of pudding in the shakes.  Our new favorite place and our new favorite bar keeps/waiters John and Mark!
3	First the Burger.... Very Good! The meat is flavourful and charbroiled over wood. It was perfectly cooked to order (medium). The toppings were perfect. The bun looks good but I found it "airy" I would have preferred a softer denser bun. Certainly one of the best burger around.Now the bad... if Gordon Ramsay would have tasted my fries in one of his TV show, he would have turned them away and say the were hard as cardboard. I know the Brits call them chips... and that's exactly what they felt like (crisps for you Gordon). I can say that the taste was good; they just have been put in the frier too many times. Now that I had the chance to see some yelp pictures I assumed that it was an isolated case; but for $8. and coming from a restaurant that bares the name of a Michelin Chef I would have expected higher standards.The service was excellent and my waitress very friendly.
2	For a $19 burger (including tax and tip) I would have expected that at least the meat was cooked to what I asked for. I asked for medium rare, thinking that it is Gordon Ramsay and a burger that goes for that price, they should know how to cook the meat.  Well, my burger came out Medium.  Very disappointed.  The egg was also overcooked.  They described to me that the egg yolk would be dripping down all over the burger.  It did not happen.  It was cooked.  That is why I gave a 2-stars.  It was expensive, meat not cooked to what I ask for, and nothing special - at least for me.Did not get the fries, but they looked very good - thick, evenly cooked, and well seasoned.  I would have ordered it if I could have shared it.  The young guy sitting next to me only ate  about less than 10 fries, and that was not even 1/3 of it..
4	If you would like a lot of food for your money then this place may not be the best choice.The Burger was nothing to write home about and they are not doing this american classic any justice. I have had better burgers at a Mom and Pop establishment, but their Truffle fries were terrific! The Shakes are some of the best that I have ever had.
4	My wife and I ate lunch here last week.  It's located inside the Planet Hollywood hotel.  There was about a 30 minute wait to eat, but the cool thing is that they ask for your cell number and will send you a text when the table is ready.  This was nice because we just went and gambled until we got the text from them.  More restaurants that have longer wait times should adopt this in my opinion.  It allows you to do something other than just sit in the restaurant.  On to the food, I ordered the Bleu Burger, which had arugula and blue cheese on it, while my wife ordered the Chicken Burger.  We ordered a side of the regular fries as well.  They also have sweet potato and parmesan truffle fries, both of which looked better than what we ordered.  So we probably made an error in ordering the regular fries, but they were fine.  The fries come with a curry ketchup and a chipotle ketchup.  Both are home made and were pretty good.  Back to the burgers, both were very good.  Mine had a lot of flavor and the bun was excellent.  My wife seemed to enjoy hers as well.  The highlight of the meal in my opinion was the milkshakes.  These were unlike anything I had seen before.  They are part pudding, and part milkshake.  I ordered the creme brulee and oreo milkshake, while my wife ordered some sort of coffee milkshake.  Both were fantastic, and were plenty.  We left here absolutely stuffed.  For two teas, two burgers, an order of fries, and two milkshakes, it was around $70, so this place isn't cheap.  That said, if you're looking for a good lunch in a new place, this place is definitely worth a shot.
2	While the food was as good as a chef-inspired restaurant should be it was grossly overshadowed by the extremely poor service.  Ginger took care of us, and I wouldn't wish her on anyone else.  In my experience, waitstaff that have to write down the simple order of a two-top should be looking for a new career.  I'd echo the previous comments on how good the poppers, hummus, burgers, and especially the truffle fries are, but after more than two hours, and a 20 minute wait for desserts we were more than turned off.  Great food,  soon to be doomed by incompetent front of the house service from the 25 minute wait for a table in a half empty restaurant, to a waitress asking everyone around her for help as she drowned, to a floor manager that didn't seem to care...
2	I watch GR's "Kitchen Nightmares" and he gets upset when customers have to wait.  Well, he should stop by his own restaurant.  There was an hour wait to get in.  So if you go there hungry, you will be REALLY be hungry by the time you are seated.  We were seated at 3:30pm and our food didn't arrive until 4:20pm. Seriously, 50 minutes wait for a hamburger!?!We were at a table facing the kitchen and could see the cooks were always moving.  The runners picked up the food as soon as it hit the waiting area.  So I don't know what the holdup was.  Maybe they don't have enough cooks.We went with friends that ordered burgers, but I didn't want beef.  I was surprised that there wasn't a chicken patty type burger on the menu except for the sliders which I ordered.  But I was hungrier than that by then and could have used a larger chicken or turkey burger.  The chicken sliders were just ok.  I kept stealing the avocado off my husband's burger to give it some flavor.My husband had a Hell's Kitchen burger, but he said it was not that spicy.  But that might be a matter of taste or taste buds.The two winning things about the restaurant: the decor and our waitress.
2	"meh" pretty much sums it up!My girlfriend and I ordered  the Fury Wings to start. They waitress described them to us and recommended them. Her description was off, they were cold, and surprisingly fatty. I'm not an anti fat person...I actually love me some good fat- but this was fat in that kind of jelly slug way. We sent that back- instead we got the jalapeno poppers. Classic. Easy to make.Apparently, they are not easy to make and have taste good. I'm not sure who tasted these and decided to put them on the menu, but the cheese filler is absolutely disgusting. I'm a huge cheese fan. To top it off, it's served in this shot glass full of nasty sauce so it's two different goopy nasty sauces that you don't even have an option to have on or off your popper. Only one popper of six I believe has the seeds inside. This is supposed to be the big prize! If I order poppers, chances are that I like spicy food. Quit robbing me of seeds I paid for. We absolutely sent those back. We got the house burger (the one with avocado) and the mushroom burger. Both were ordered medium. One came out rare and the other well done. I know because we split the burgers in half to try them both. The flavor in the meat was good, but the inconsistency was disappointing.  We also had the truffle fries- they were somewhat good, but somewhat stale. They flavoring was nice, but texture was off.The best thing I had at the restaurant was their bbq sauce... which didn't even look like bbq sauce. It tasted like horseradish mustard. It was yummy.We waited 45 minutes to be called, and with the name attached to the restaurant I would expect much much more. With all of the places to eat in Vegas, I will not go back here. I may as well order food at a random bar in a shady hotel, not wait, and be equally full.
4	Thought this was absolutely a great "upscale" burger spot.  We liked everything we got, including the shakes, a variety of burgers, a hot dog, and even the truffle fries!  Everything tasted great, plus they had a nice selection of beers on draft.The problem was our server.  He was a little too chatty and didn't seem to get the hint that we wanted to watch MARCH MADNESS.  Pretty sure we even told him we had money riding on the halftime score of a game, but this didn't stop him from chatting to us about random topics as the clock counted down to half time and the spread was close to being covered.  We just ignored him.The other problem was that his chattiness got him into a bit of a bind.  One of our party had half a burger that she asked to have wrapped.  He took it and set it on a table next to ours while he chatted with us about stuff we didn't care about during crucial moments of the game we were watching.  However, he set it on a table that the bus boy was clearing, and I noticed the bus boy remove the burger (or BurGR) with a bunch of napkins on it.  Our server clearly noticed too, because he lunged at it, but was too late and just walked away.  I told the rest of our table what happened, and while we could care less about the half BurGR, we were curious to see how he'd handle it. He handled it in about the worst way possible.  He came and said, "Maam, did you happen to see which server took your leftover burger?"  I was a couple beers in, and said with a grin, "You did!"  He said, "Oh no, no I was chatting with you about your total rewards card."  I said, "We saw *exactly* what happened" and set forth the details.  The guy turned bright red, but he did offer to cook up another burger and, when we declined, comped us the burger, so that was nice.  Wish he'd just said that there was a mixup and the busboy had taken the burger, but he'd comp it, in the first place, rather than trying some lame cover up!
4	The Truffle Parmesan fries are AWESOME!!! The burgers are cooked very well, and are very tasty, but we still prefer Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay better.  What held this back would be the size and seasoning of the burgers (burgers a little on the small size and could use more seasoning on their "just fries" and Farm Burger.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere is very nice (they play great music).
5	I went there with my family while we were staying in Vegas and it was amazing! The service was great and the food tasted so good! Anyone who goes there has to try the new Shake #4 with oreos and creme bruelee.
5	The food was amazing in presentation and taste!!! So worth the wait . Loved the text you when your table is ready feature. The added plus is the Mgr Benji who made our experience memorable . I will be back again and I'm bring friends ! One of the highlights of our trip. To bad Ramsey wasn't around or the experience would have been perfect .. Thank you again for great service Benji The two girls on sat night :)
1	The only reason there is one star is because I can't give less - that and the Manager, Benji.Started out with a 45 minute wait when there were open tables. Seated, waited 20 minutes before the server arrived to take our order. Watched another server scratching her hair / head. She did NOT go and wash her hands. Ordered. Thirty minutes later still waiting for food. Thus far, I am unimpressed.  (Had dinner the other night at Chef Ramsay's Pub at Caesar's Palace. The food was extremely good and the service was friendly, efficient and very well executed).  Food finally arrived after complaining to the useless waitress.  The server that had been scratching her head brought the food.  My burger was overcooked and luke warm.  My husband's burger was cold and overcooked.  The only reason the fries were hot on the top was because they'd been under the heat lamp for heaven knows how long!  We asked for ketchup - never showed up.  We spoke with the Manger Benji - very nice man - who freely admitted that the daytime service at BurGR is awful.  He invited us to return the next time we're in Vegas which we will do but certainly not with the same anticipation.  Looking around there were more tables waiting for their food than tables eating.  There are orders stacked up under the lamps waiting. I haven't seen our server even bring out one order yet.After such hoopla and anticipation over BurGR I am so dissapointed.  The food was horrible - certainly not worth the price tag or the hullabaloo.  I really like Chef Ramsey's other restaurants - I just hope that he finds out what a travesty BurGR is truly.  It is EVERYTHING that he preaches against:  awful service, awful food and, as far as the wait staff goes, a complete lack of regard for the patron.  I actually saw one of the patrons tip the busboy because he was more helpful than the server.
4	Sort of unique to check in and get called in for your table via text message. Also uncommon to order drinks and dessert via an iPad and fill out a survey at the end of the meal on an iPod touch.Total rewards members get a discount here. It's $1-$2, not a whole lot, but it's something. Our server Alex was very personable and had a great sense of humor and also attentive. We got the Hell's Kitchen burger, Euro burger, and the Truffle Parmesan fries. The Hell's Kitchen Burger isn't super spicy but you get the kick in some of the bites. The avocado definitely help balance the jalapeno. You can really taste cheese in the Euro burger, which may bother some, but I loved it! . The meat in both burgers were very high quality. We both ordered it medium and it came out juicy. The fries were absolutely amazing. It was so good and the portion is pretty big for what it is! However, I have to admit that halfway through, the fries and the burgers started tasting a little too salty so make sure you have enough water or drinks by your side.Twas a good experience. We're still debating if we want to spend $50+ on two burgers, fries and a beer when we pay a similar amount for AYCE sushi. BF ranks the burgers second to the Morton prime rib burger, so you know it's good.
4	Cute place! Delicious hells kitchen burger, super fresh and yummy hummus..
4	Food:The Britannia Burger and Farm burgers were excellent. Cooked to perfection. Best burger of my life was the Britannia.The Parmesan fries were less than desirable and I would actually suggest Gordon check out a restaurant in Quincy, MA called Fat Cat. They have mastered these. The fries were really dry that were served to us and the portion size was massive.Service:The hostess was great and seated us promptly.I thought the uniforms were a bit skimpy and sexist though, but that is vegas.What I thought was really sexist was that a woman and a man had to come to your table to deliver your food and explain to you what it was. We read the menu, so we knew what we were getting. It seemed a bit insulting. The food took a lot longer than we expected and we noticed our fries sat under a heat lamp for a while whilst one the of staff was busy reading things on his mobile phone.This place was pretty empty for a Saturday night and our waiter treated us a bit like we were cheap because we wanted water from being dehydrated from flying all day. He wasn't a very engaging or pleasing personality, but was professional. We will go back here for sure, but we did not have dessert because we were not feeling a welcoming vibe from the staff.
5	i'm back from "outer space" (las vegas) and haven't written a review for weeks! so i thought i would start with my best experience and work my way down the proverbial ladder.while we usually think of gordon ramsey as an upscale "highfalutin " chef, this new location proves he can also serve the common man and in particular the americans love for comfort food, ie burgers hot-dogs, fries, shakes etc. i had the hot-dog which is one of the best items on the menu! this dog is sauteed overnight in hot sauce and grilled over  a special hardwood that adds to the incredible taste of this gourmet dog! also, the rolls are freshly made incredibly soft and flavorful which adds to the experience. my wife had the burger and jalapeno poppers which along with the fries were quite good!note that we ate at the bar where they have a plethora of craft beers on tap and awesome bartenders, john and mark who made the experience as good as the food.this place gets crowded so either go early or late but definitely go!
5	Best burgers on the strip hands down. DELISH. Milkshakes are so so, but everything else (pork belly app? OMG) TOP NOTCH.
5	I can finally say I've eaten at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant! And oh man. It was pretty good. I kept my expectations pretty low going into it, and I am so glad it turned out to be worth the wait and the GR hype.The burgers were the perfect size and the flavors were on point. Ahh and the truffle fries? Amaazing. Ask for the curry ketchup. You won't be disappointed.  And definitely do not leave without getting one of those dessert shake concoctions. We had the coffee with chocolate hazelnut pudding, and I am totally ready to head back to Vegas just for that!Make sure to make reservations or put your name on the list. The place didn't look too busy when we walked by, but turned out there was an hour and a half wait?! They text you when your table is ready though, so we walked around and hung out upstairs in our room til the table was ready.
5	So many good things to say about BurGR. Let's start with the food. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger on my first visit and was not disappointed. My first time at BurGR was so great, I had to go back the next day. During my 2nd visit, I had the Euro Burger. Although I prefer the Hell's Kitchen burger more, the Euro Burger will not disappoint you. I thought the size of the burger was just perfect, you can enjoy eating with your hands (which is the right way of eating burgers, really). I'm one of the odd ones that like their meat well done (someone said it's a Filipino thing) - some joints tend to overcook the meat when you request it well done, BurGR doesn't. The menu price at BurGR is also really good and reasonable. I enjoyed a couple of bucks off since I was a Total Rewards member. The service was reasonably quick considering the amount of people dining at the restaurant. I really can't wait to go back to this place and bring my 5 year old niece who likes burgers just like me. The 5 spiced chicken wings look awesome - I only wish I had two stomachs so I can eat the other stuff here. I would skip the onion rings and truffle fries though if you don't want the extra calories. Can't wait to go back again. Really good place.
5	I went there with a group of people and we all had the Farm Burger and the sweet potato fries. The burger was awesome. One of the best I have had. The sweet potato fries had powdered sugar on them and came with some kind of sauce that was really good also. I would definitely go back again. This place has awesome food.
4	My brothers wifes parents and aunt from Philippines were visiting and wanted to come to this famous chefs spot would be good for the overseas family. They asked me and my cousin to come meet them for dinner and seeing I had a positive experience, I gave it another go. I had the chanterelle burger and simply fries. It was the same consistency as last - it was cooked to a nice pink and juicy, the mushrooms and jams were nice with it. Maybe I've been drawn to more simple burgers on this menu but it generally is so topping fiends may be disappointed on that front? It's a clean beef flavor with a big of enhancement is I think what they're going for.I also tried some of my brothers truffle fries which was rather good, with a great aioli and the onion rings my cousin got were decent, but I feel the truffle fries are the best bet side. My brother also got jalapeno poppers and those were good as far as poppers go.Service was friendly, but just ok on the attentive front. It was during peak dinner hours and it was SOO BUSY and they were just a bit spread thin so I wont fault too much. There was a wait, and while these burgers were good I feel the wait will dampen the experience. I recommend not off hours.  My one thing we thought sucked though was when I came with the BF last they split our shake no problem and we were told you cant split them. It lead to fights with the two kids having to share one cup. I was a bit perplexed as to why they wouldn't split because it is "too thick". Now the BF meets us after he gets off work and he wanted to eat here too since we were already here. Haha. SOO I went again with him. He got a fish sandwich and said that was good, but not better than a burger. He got the sweet potato fries which had this kicker jalapeno dip so there was a sweet/spicy/salty thing going on with this.  I sat there with one of their shakes and got the strawberry with coconut pudding. The BF got a oreo with creme brulee pudding. Good, rich but overkill at least for us. We should've shared one like last timeWater went empty a few times, but it wasn't as busy. Still very personable and friendly though and did check on us and kinda chatted but didn't look down and see our water was low and started to walk away until we asked for some. We asked for our food to be packed and it wasnt and then we asked again and it as taken and while signing and doing their little iphone survey it didn't get to our table and we then forgot about it. Overall - after technically three visits, I think it's a solid place for a spot on the strip. I don't think the price point is bad given location, but as a local I wouldn't make a habit of it. And definitely - not during peak hours! It's worth the trip down, but not waiting an hour each visit. I'll keep it at a solid 4 stars since I'm a fan, but I'll say the experiences teeter between 3-4 depending.
5	Visted BurGR twice this week.  I couldn't resist going back the next day.  Waiter Alex with the glasses recommended the Chanterelle BurGR with goat cheese.  YUMMY.  Honestly the best burgr I have ever had.  The Parmesan fries & sweet potatoe fries were excellent choices also.  The next day I had the Brittania (?) BurGR - also great.  The coffee shake was amazing, but better with a little less pudding the second day.  I would highly recommend it.  I love GR!
5	My burger was pretty amazing and the rest of the menus looked pretty darn good too. Burger is in top 5 I've ever had and place was a lot cheaper than expected. Overall I recommend with two thumbs up.
5	I went to BurGR with some co-workers.  I had the Chanterelle burger and I LOVED it!  The fig and onions on it were so good.  My co-wokers had the Hell's Kitchen burgers and they said they really liked it them.  I really liked the truffle parmesan fries and I highly recommend that you get them. YUMMY!  We also had the jalapeno poppers, we all loved them.  We all like spicy food so none of us knew if we got the japapeno with the seeds because we are use to spice.  I also recommend trying these the dipping sauce for them is really good.  The last thing we ordered was the sticky toffee pudding pops.  I'm not a big desert person but after reading everyone's reviews on them we had to try them.  They were DE-LISH!  I thought the service was great but I really wish they would take reservations.  Our wait was 45 minutes so it wasn't to bad.  I really recommend coming here because its a great atmosphere, food is great, and good service.
4	Sadly for my tummy, I was dining alone and didn't get to sample anyone else's food or over order. Happily, my burger was wonderful! I ordered the Farm burger that features duck bacon and a fried egg. Because I'm picky about buns I'll start my review there. The bun had a great texture, not too soft, not dense, but substantial. It held up to all the tasty drippings of my medium well patty and the gooey yolk of the fried egg. The bun was visually appealing too, with both black and white sesame seeds. The burger, itself, was cooked to a perfect medium and as I cut it in half the egg yolk oozed into the bun. The sharp cheddar complemented the other big flavors nicely. It didn't disappear into the background, but didn't take over either.The size of the burger was also perfect. Anything larger would have been overkill. Would have loved to try the fries and the soba salad, but there just wasn't room.
3	The boyfriend and I decided to try this place out.  I was disappointed that when we got there it was over an hour wait .  Luckily, the bar area had two seats open so we decided to eat here instead of leaving. When the food comes out the server gives a brief description of what you ordered.  I got the farm burger which was good but I ordered it medium and it barely had pink in it at all.  I hate it when my burgers are dry.  My boyfriend ordered the hell's kitchen burger and it had some spice to it, but there was just too much avocado.  The truffle parmesan fries were good, but not the best I've had.  I did enjoy the  handmade sauces that paired with the fries.  Overall the food was ok, but if this was an episode of Hell's Kitchen I'm sure Gordon Ramsay would be screaming at the cooks hahaOn a good note, the servers/bartenders at the bar were nice and very personable to not only us but all the customers at the bar.  If you have a total rewards card you get a couple bucks off your meal.  If you want to try this place I would sit at the bar :)
2	Where do I begin?THE M*THER F#CKING CURSING: Let's start at the end. As hubby and I were waiting for our check to be picked up (shortest wait of the evening), I thought I heard someone doing some serious cursing. "What the f#ck is wrong with you?" "I'm not going to have this sh*t!" "I don't wanna see f$cking gouda!" Of course I ceased all conversation and listened to what turned out to be the chef berate his kitchen staff for a solid 10 minutes. And let me be clear, it was loud. And he did not hold any words back. And it went on and on and on. I don't watch Hells Kitchen, but I know that in America, Ramsey is known for his temper (on his reality show). I just never expected to witness a bit of Hell's Kitchen during a lovely dinner.  One employee commented that this was Chef having a "good night." Yikes. I'm of two minds about this. On the one hand, some customers will enjoy the TV volatility on display.  People drawn to the restaurant because of its owner's short fuse might relish in the aggressive outburst. I mean, it's Vegas. People want to see a show, right? On the other hand, that kind of energy-sucking behavior is confusing and off-putting for others.Put me squarely in the "off-putting" camp. I cannot believe how aggressively and loudly the chef went at his employees. If it had not gone on, I would have assumed it was a customer or that I had misheard. But he didn't care if we heard. And I think that's my issue. Not only was it unprofessional, but it unnerved me a and put and let me on edge at the end of my meal. And no one seemed to care about the effect of the outburst on guests. There are establishments where rough language and behavior are expected and even appreciated. A high-end burGR joint in a casino on the strip isn't one. If Chef was yelling in the back somewhere out of earshot, no one would be the wiser. Heck, if he had shouted a few curse words, only a few patrons at the counter would have known. But to draw an entire section of the restaurant into his tantrum was too much.  THE RESTTHE OUTFITS: Why do the male servers wear loose jeans and loose gray tops while the women wear skin-tight (read 'two-sizes too small'), short (read 'I almost saw her lady business') chest baring outfits? Before a barrage of foul language disputed my meal, I was blown away at the attire in this establishment. I don't think you have to be a feminist to be offended at the objectification of the women who serve food at BurGR. I saw each lady tug at the front of her dress no less than two times. It's ridiculous.  I know sex (or the promise of it) is driving the wardrobe decisions here, but loosening the dresses one size and lengthening them 2 inches might allow the ladies to still look sexy (God forbid they don't) without worrying about flashing the restaurant.  Unlike the hostesses (whose outfits were slightly looser), the servers have to bend and pull and lean and stretch. Their job requires constant movement. Why can't they wear "sexy" clothing that accommodates that? THE WAIT: Sigh, it's not shocking to wait to be seated at a restaurant on the strip. We waited to be seated. We waited to see a server. We waited for our refills. We asked for refills and waited some more. Just be ready to wait at BurGR.  We didn't see one customer getting a refill on any beverage. After asking a second time for a refill, the busboy (also in an unnecessarily tight top) brought over new glasses. He set them down and then collected the original glasses. We laughed because they obviously don't expect to refill drinks at BurGR. In fairness, it was a busy night. But on the flip side, it was a busy night---be ready to serve water to your patrons.  I wonder if Chef was yelling about that.THE SERVICE: The staff was helpful and kind. THE FOOD: The truffle fries were warmish (was that it Chef?) and flavorful. Many places in town do a variation on this theme and none of them have been that impressive to me. My Euro burger was flavorful and was cooked perfectly. I appreciate the quality buttered and toasted bun as well. Hubby LOVED the Farm burger. And after tasting it, I had to agree that it was the standout.OVERALL: This was a three and a half star review before the outburst. I didn't taste (or experience) anything that would entice me to hop in my car, drive around for a spot, walk through the maze that is Planet Hollywood, and wait for an inordinate amount of time for a table in a hamburger joint. BurGR is not for me.BUT, this is a great spot for tourists. It is located in a convenient area near Las Vegas BLVD, so those walking around can stop in easily and have a bite. It's easy to access and the food is good. And what does a tourist care about a wait or obscene language or an impractically tight dress? This is VEGAS. What I see as problems would very likely bring tourists back time and time again.
3	Really Good ****: Hells Kitchen Burger (spicy and tasty, a little too much char for me)Good ***:  onion rings (good flavor, but greasy and expensive)
4	The burger and fries, of course, were delicious! My favorite were the sweet potato fries. I was really looking forward to the sweet toffee pudding pops, but unfortunately they were out :( However, I would definitely come back to this place!
3	I had heard many great things about this place before my latest visit to Vegas.  So this was put at the top of my list to visit.Got here on a Thursday night and our party of 3 was seated immediately.  We waited about 10 minutes for a waitress to greet us.  I took immediate notice to the dress code of the servers.  EVERY SINGLE waitress had to tug down their one piece "dress" for every 10 steps they took.  Unnecessarily tight for servers in a restaurant... but it wasn't just the women... the men had on Polo's that also appeared to be suffocating them.  The only people who looked to be comfortable in their uniforms were the floor managers.   We did get our beers fairly quickly, once greeted by our waitress.  Everything on the menu is ala-carte, which is like most places in Vegas.  Between the 3 of us, we ordered the Uber Cheese Burger,  Britannia Burger, Chantenele burger and the Parmesan Fries.   We all ordered our burgers medium.  I'm still laughing at the irony of being in a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and waiting 45 minutes for our burgers to come out.  Mind you, there was no wait, it was 11pm and the restaurant was at less than half capacity.  Even more ironic, all of our burgers came out well done.Now, we all cut our burgers into 3's and split amongst ourselves to sample it all.  Even though our burgers were not cooked the way we wanted, they were all very tasty.  I could only image what they would be like had the meat been a little pink.   The parmesan fries were good and the sauces that came with were a treat.I only rate 3 stars as being a fan of Gordon's shows - I know the slow service we received as well as overcooked food is unacceptable to his standards.
2	I suppose when it's Gordon Ramsay's restaurant you expect more or better than average.Like everyone else I have watched his shows and he seems to be a passionate chef.There was a 45 minute wait to get a table- that's fair it was a Friday night so we went and killed some time until our text message informed us the table was ready. The staff uniforms are RIDICULOUS, so blatantly inappropriate, ill fitting and unflattering. Please change them- what a joke they are. The umbrella girls at motorpsorts events are wearing more clothes than the poor girls working at BURGR.The burgers took another 45 minutes to come out and they were okay but not great. My husband got the truffle fries with the truffle aioli, which frankly all just tasted like garlic and not much else. I cook for my family most nights so the burgers were not earth shatteringly good or something I couldn't whip up in 15 minutes. i just expected more.Well I did get more when the bill came $150 for 2 adults and 2 kids for a burger meal. We won't go back to BURGR, but there certainly is a slew of Gordon Ramsay restaurants to choose from in Las Vegas. He seems to be a hard worker and he's making hay while the sun shines.
3	I was expecting to like this place better, given how much I enjoyed the food at Gordon Ramsay Pub in Caesars.  Burgr has the drink menu on the iPad, which is common to all of Ramsay's locations in Vegas.  I didn't partake, but there was a lemonade and vodka drink that was popular with the couple we ate with.To start, we had jalapeno poppers.  These are large, and come 6 to an order.  They are served in shot glasses with an excellent ranch sauce at the bottom.  In an interesting twist, they don't tell you which one has the seeds still in it.  Seeds are what gives jalapenos their heat, so that one is noticeably hotter than the rest.  I got it in our order, which is good because I like hot stuff. I had the cheesy burger with added duck bacon.  Be advised they burgers don't come with veggies or sauces on the side, so you have to ask for them.  The burger was a perfect medium, but lacked flavor.  It cleary is very good quality meat, but was underseasoned.  I had to put the truffle mayo on it, which was served as a side to the truffle parmesan fries.  These were excellent, and I don't usually care for thick-cut fries.  But, the truffle flavor came through, and the mayo was an excellent dipping sauce.  I didn't much care for the housemade ketchup, too sweet for me.The wife had the maytag blue cheese burger, which was delicious, but only because it had such a large amount of blue cheese on it.  I think anything with that much maytag would be great.  All in all, the appetizer and fries were the most memorable part of our lunch.  And, that's not how it should be at a high end burger joint.  I may return if someone visits and wants to go, but I doubt it.  Would probably direct them across the street and up a block to Gordon Ramsay Pub at Caesars...
4	I wish I remembered our waitresses name, she was great, super cute, and took care of us. All the other staff we encountered was friendly as well.Yes the burgers are a bit high priced but your at a Gordon Ramsay joint on the Las Vegas Strip. Love the buns; soft yet hold up to the burgers juices and toppings. Both of our burgers were ordered medium but they were both cooked over this. We were too hungry to wait for another, they were still good. Tastes like a burger, the way it's suppose to. We shared some of their onion rings, love the Cheddar Ranch dipping sauce. I used some of their Chipotle Ketchup on my burger (I got the American) and it was a home run. My husband got the Hell Burger.Even though I love their Sticky Toffee Pudding push pops we decided to try a milkshake this time around. It was good, but had too much pudding on it. It was almost half of the shake, and was so thick and sweet. We will stick with the push pops next time.Sign up for the casino Total Reward card and you'll get a few bucks off your meal.I'm sure we'll return, we really want to try a hot dog!
1	The wait was too long. I think any local such as I, will agree that bachi burger is way better and way cheaper as far as fancy burgers go that is. Food isnt bad but just not worth the money and the experience.
5	After being a Kitchen Nightmare fan for so long, I just had to stop in to one of Ramsay's places. Bugr had the best prices so we came here for lunch. The servers were very nice. We each ordered a burger and shared half with each other. The farm burger with the Duck bacon and fried egg was amazing. The sweet potato fries with vanilla infused powdered sugar was amazing. I only wished I would have ordered a milk shake because those looked really good. Every thing is done a la carte, but come on, it's Gordon Ramsay. Like he's going to serve a bad meal? We were very satisfied with everything.
2	Let me preface this review by saying that I am not here to rip a gordon ramsay restaurant because he is so critical of people on TV like i think many people are. On a recent trip to LV i stopped by burgr. I enjoyed the ambiance and the way that the menu was presented. I ordered the farm burger which came with duck bacon and an egg along with the sweet potato fries. The burger was not overly flavorful but for what it was it was pretty good. The fries on the other hand came dusted with vanilla powdered sugar and had a jalepeno honey aioli on the side. They were WAY too sweet with absolutely no balance of flavor to the point where I found them inedible.
4	I really liked the service and the food was exquisite.  The burger had a great flavor I got a arugula mango chutney burger and added duck bacon to it. My son didn't eat his food because he's an alien and doesn't eat so I was left to eat his food also. Which was a gigantic hot dog.  It was fabulous. The sweet potato fries were the bomb also the parmesan garlic fries. OMG! The parmesan garlic fries were really something special because they tasted just like the ones in the San Francisco giants stadium they are one of a kind and now I don't have to go all the way to S.F. to get them. The waiter was really nice the manager came over shook our hand very nice. I love this place.
1	I went not really expecting much from this place. That should say something when I say that it was terrible.  I was with some friends and I split the Blue Burger and the Fish Sandwich.The blue; Besides the burger being overly dense and way too dry, (even though it was pink) where on earth did you find the blandest blue cheese I have ever tasted. Next time I'll go to Carl's Jr for the same quality and maybe a little juicier.The fish sandwich; Let start with it was Friday which is suppose to be the best time to   order fish right!? It was neither fresh nor fresh frozen it was yesterdays fish or it was left out too long that day. I had one bit and spit it out. The rest of my friends thought this was funny (5 of them) so I dare all of them to eat a bit. No one could swallow it. I did not make a stink because I was drinking and so was everybody else so I thought it better not to make a scene. But I will never recommend this place to anyone ever, and you would have to pay me to eat there again. To the server that did not get a tip. I know it wasn't your fault but it is better than me yelling at you.  Thank you Gordon Ramsey for confirming my belief that a celebrity restaurant is never a good idea.
5	Ladies and Gentlemen we have a winner!The Hines' have awarded the Gordon Ramsay BurGR the winner of the best burger challenge. Yes, it's not in Southern California, but this burger has me wanting to jump on a plane at midnight for a juicy bite. The jalapeno poppers were delish and the surprise* popper added excitement to our evening.*one jalapeno still has the seeds inside adding some mystery and  heat to dishTo be fair in our process we ordered a beef burger, cheese, grilled onions, lettuce and tomato, although the other burger options were very tempting! The burger arrived hot, and smelling amazing. The meat was cooked perfectly and when cut in half was just barely manageable to get my mouth around for a bite. Each bite was every so tasty and not one ounce of grease dripped down my arm. The bun is great and you don't end up with no meat and all bun at the end. The Just Fries were more then enough for us to split and were overshadowed by the tasty burger, but from what I remember tasted pretty good as well.Yes, the burgers are expensive, but 1, it's Vegas and 2, it's Gordon Ramsay.*Not sure they take reservations, but if they do, I STRONGLY suggest making one, otherwise look at a 1hr wait, minimum. I wanted to stand out front after we were done telling people the wait was worth it.But hey, if you have a wait, wander around the Miracle Mile of Shops :)
4	I came here for Restaurant Week - Spring 2013. It was a great value for $20.13 considering I got a burger, fries, and dessert. I went with the Euro burger. The bun was perfectly light and crispy, proportion of meat to bun to toppings was excellent as well. The patty was well seasoned and not too dense. The goat cheese wasn't overpowering and the roasted tomatoes gave it a touch of sweetness and acidity, with the arugula adding the right amount of bitterness to balance everything out.The wife got the chantrelle burger protein-style (without the bun for those not familiar with the In-N-Out lingo). I was too busy chowing down on mine to try hers. She seemed happy with it.The thick cut parmesan fries were a little limp and not as crispy as fries should be. On the plus side there was enough fries for 3 or 4 people to share. The onion rings were lightly battered and as good as any you'll find in town.The push pop for dessert doesn't do Ramsay's sticky toffee pudding justice. It's not even close to being as amazing as the warm version found at Gordon Ramsay Steak. The cold temperature made it too firm and crumbly. The peanut ice cream didn't add much either with its mild flavor and lack of creaminess.On the bright side, our server Tabitha was very good. Knowledgeable, attentive, and efficient, she made the dining experience great. Although, she did make a mistake with my friend's check, who was dining with us.
4	It was great, not a big fan of having to purchase fries cuz it doesn't with the burger. The Burger was awesome! bun was perfect. The burger patty was alittle burnt on one side. tho I like that. Its a must go if you love burgers when you are in Vegas. The only reason Its 4 Stars, I asked for ranch with my fries, didnt get it. asked again when they brought the food, didnt get it. asked the server again, didnt get it. Manager was walking the tables I asked her, STILL DIDNT GET IT. $15 for the Farm Burger and  $8 for fries. My wife got the American Burger.
1	I went not really expecting much from this place. That should say something when I say that it was terrible.  I was with some friends and I split the Blue Burger and the Fish Sandwich.The blue; Besides the burger being overly dense and way too dry, (even though it was pink) where on earth did you find the blandest blue cheese I have ever tasted. Next time I'll go to Carl's Jr for the same quality and maybe a little juicier.The fish sandwich; Let start with it was Friday which is suppose to be the best time to   order fish right!? It was neither fresh nor fresh frozen it was yesterdays fish or it was left out too long that day. I had one bit and spit it out. The rest of my friends thought this was funny (5 of them) so I dare all of them to eat a bit. No one could swallow it. I did not make a stink because I was drinking and so was everybody else so I thought it better not to make a scene. But I will never recommend this place to anyone ever, and you would have to pay me to eat there again. To the server that did not get a tip. I know it wasn't your fault but it is better than me yelling at you.  Thank you Gordon Ramsey for confirming my belief that a celebrity restaurant is never a good idea.
4	Great burger and super tasty Parmesan fries. My girlfriend said it was the best burgr she ever had. Good atmosphere and great service. Minus one star for the waiters and waitress' uniforms. I know it's Vegas, but way too tight and skimpy. Even the guys were wearing skin tight polo shirts. Our waitress had hers unbuttoned half way and made it uncomfortable for us. This place doesn't need to fall back on this- keep it classy and all about the food and everything will be great. Come on Gordon!!!Still a great experience.
4	Time to finish up this review...LOL..Came here on opening day and the wait wasn't so bad. The hostess checks us in on an iPad and texts us when our table is ready. The whole service experience was so welcoming, professional and friendly.  But lets get to the important part! The food :) I ordered the Hells kitchen burger; Full of flavor with a spicy kick...I found my new favorite burger! I come to Vegas every other weekend and stop by here when it's not so packed =)
5	I have been searching for the perfect burger for a while now, and I have my top pick for all that is burger at a little place called Maple & Motor, located in Dallas, TX. It's legit, and make no mistake, I can't exactly compare the two, so I'm going to claim a new favorite burger... outside of Texas! Yes, I know... there will be some dissenting views and opinions, but the world has much to offer and Gordon Ramsay has done it right in Las Vegas with his latest creation. It's BurGR time!This particular night we went to BurGR, we had just left seeing Penn & Teller at the Rio, where we were staying.  Knowing full well that we probably couldn't eat late on a Monday night, I suggested we go anyway to Planet Hollywood and see where the place was first and then just spend some time gambling in the casino.  Turns out, we got there by 11 and the restaurant was still serving.  We hadn't eaten since Noon, and figured why not? Let's eat now!Not knowing where we were going exactly other than Planet Hollywood, I'll go ahead and say the one negative about out experience, and then I'll move on.  The restaurant had only been open for about 3 months, and the signage in the hotel had not been updated to reflect where exactly the hell it was.  As tourists, we figured it would be simple to locate, but Planet Hollywood has a shopping mall behind it called the "Miracle Mile," and it really is about a mile long in diameter of retail shops located behind the hotel. With this said, finding someone to help, much less give you directions when the mall area is closing, as well as the long walk to the front of the hotel where BurGR is located, is a bit much with no signage or any sense of direction, but after a few minutes of parking and asking a few questions, we finally made it to our destination. When we arrived, the hostess was awesome and excited that we had come to join them for a fantastic meal.  She said, "I have a couple of servers working, but I have the perfect guy for you.  He's awesome, and you're really going to have a great time!" This set the tone for the night, and we were not let down.We sat down, got our menus and began looking them over, while looking at all of the wonders the restaurant had to offer in regards to decoration and experience.  Next thing I know, a guy named Alex (with glasses) walks up, says "Hello," and thus began our journey to Awesomtown. A glass of wine and a Boddington's for myself were quickly ordered.  The menu was fully explained, and then we were given a few minutes to decide.  There was little debate for the both of us, as we both quickly found our favorites.  My Mom decided on the Hell's Kitchen Burger (Asadero cheese, jalapenos and avocado) and I chose the Farm Burger with duck breast bacon, English sharp cheddar and a fried egg.  We also decided to split a side of truffle Parmesan fries with truffle salt, truffle aioli and chipotle ketchup with molasses. Wow!The burger was served medium rare with a solid  1/2 pound of a chuck, short rib and brisket mix.  The 600-degree wood burning grill gives the meat a texture like no other and the apple and alder wood gave an amazing smoke flavor.  This burger was juicy, flavorful, a bit glamorous to taste, but with a bit of a backyard feel that made me love every bite.  It was simple.  No dressing, no veg and a made from scratch daily sesame seed bun that was to die for.   What could possibly make this any better? Yes, those previously mentioned truffle Parmesan fries.  They were amazing, and the truffle aioli spread that came with them, I could have eaten by the spoonful and had been satisfied.Turns out that night at Midnight, Alex (with glasses) was having a birthday.  We started talking and I told him about my Mom's birthday, where we were from and why we were there.  Next thing I know, the manager Emily from the restaurant came by, and then Alex (with glasses) brought us out an amazing treat to share with him for his birthday.  I never would've thought prior to my night at BurGR that I would ever enjoy this particular dessert, but we were brought a salted peanut ice cream and chocolate maple pudding cake, served push up style.  All I can say is, "Damn, that was a tasty treat!"I'm officially claiming this Burger Hunt as the best I've ever had, outside of Texas.  The greatest I have experienced in the Lone Star state still hands down is Maple & Motor, but I would be hard pressed to claim a winner if these two establishments were in the same town.  The style and atmosphere is 180 degree opposite of each other, but the food doesn't lie.  Great burgers and great people serving up something they believe in always wins.Well played, Gordon Ramsay! You're not just another TV chef with attitude anymore in my eyes.  Now that I have experienced what you have to offer, I have a whole different respect for what you've accomplished in your life.Till next time my friends... stay hungry and keep on the hunt!
3	Burgers were very good as were the fries.  We did however have to wait slightly over 30 min for our food.  Our food very well could have been ready a lot sooner because our server wasn't very attentive.  The place wasn't very busy as we went there to eat at 11am so it wasn't very acceptable for our food to take that long.  We also had the push pops for dessert which my girlfriend and I didn't really enjoy too much.  Overall my experience there was okay.  Burgers were about $13-$15 and fries were about $8....I would pass on those push pops though.
3	I have to give this place a strong 4 stars for their food, but we waited for nearly an hour for our order so my final rating is a weak 3 stars.  Three adjacent tables that were seated 15-20 minutes after us were served their food, paid, and left before we got our food.  Although the server was somewhat apologetic and the manager ended up comping our fries and drinks, I don't think that I would ever go back.
5	Had the truffle fries and the farm burger. They were superb!
5	Expensive, but great food.Definetely worth it.
5	Perfect.  Tried to think of anything, anything I didn't like: nothing...and I can be really particular.Saturday, in gorgeous weather: 30 min wait quoted: 20 minutes after drinking and gaming at the video poker bar immediately next to the restaurant, I received a text letting me know the table was ready.Hostess: nice. That's it, she was really nice-sounds corny, I know but table was ready, she got out of me that it was my bday (passed it to the wait staff...) and 3-4 other fun facts then seated 2 of us at one of those 2 peole tables in the middle of all those kind of places where you feel really uncomfortable, ugh. Wait, it isn't awful - weird. I think the oversized, comfy chairs made it a complete reversal of my expectations.Ordered the truffle fries stat! I had heard enough, I want them, still want them.  The steak fries were very good but what makes it is the aiolo that is served with it.  I can't even describe how good that was, get some.We ordered the Farm Burger (duck fat bacon, cheddar, fried egg-perfect ooze not run yolk: just yum) and ground chicken burger (pickles, cheese-okay and yes the ailoi I put on it...sorry Gordon (-,~) both burgers were fabulous!  Perfectly portioned, seasoned, designed. So good.So despite being stuffed from all of that, I was able to further consume the Sticky Toffee Pudding Push-pops (say that 5x fast) because they were too good let melt.Server was a total sweetheart as were the people here helping her with her tables.It was a really good experience and I was even feeling queasy still from living it up the night before.
4	My wife and I were there over the weekend and had a great experience.  The waitstaff was nice and attentive. Our waitress helped my wife pick out a drink that she had never tried (cherry whisky lemonade) and she loved it as well as theTruffle Oil Parmessan fries. I had the American burger and it was a really big burger.
2	Great Chef, killer location.  I'll keep it short. Head down to Luxor and go to Burger Bar. Unless of course you want a 20$ hot dog.
4	There is a reason to walk into Planet Hollywood now and fortunately, it is just inside the front door, so you don't need to go far. An almost perfect burger, good service (a little slow, this is NOT fast food), The bun is superb as are the french fries. Can't wait to return.
4	Went on a Saturday night. Had about a 40 minute wait, which was fine because we were in a casino and they sent you a text message when your table is ready.There were three of us and we all had three different burgers. They were amazing. The atmosphere was great. It has the feel of a nice, sit-down restaurant, but also gives off the bar feel. We enjoyed it. Our waiter was awesome. Was good about suggesting items. We wanted to order a chicken appetizer of some sort and he suggested with the three of us to go the wing route if we liked wings because it was more bang for our buck. Boy was he right. They were great.I will be back on my next road trip to Vegas.
2	Well the wait for this place is ridiculous but I promised the kids they would eat at Gordon Ramsey's, since they're such hell's Kitchen fans.  The service was well not really service they took our order and then took forever to bring us our food. We never really saw our waiter  no apology for the long wait no one came to see if we needed a refill on our drink.  and then our rare burger was brought extra well done.  then we had to wait for a new burger they took it and brought another one back that was it no " oh I'm sorry about that.  Nothing!"  So the service sucked! the burgers were delicious can't deny that,  the bread soft and fluffy and held together nicely  the meat was  juicy and all very tasty.  But the burgers were all that were good.  the chicken wings bland. and the fries and onion rings as busy as they were you would think they'd be fresh and fried to order but they felt as if they had been sitting under a heat lamp for an hour and they were so salty.  and I like well seasoned food I don't usually complain about salt,  but I felt like they were just too salty. the dessert pudding is ok!  For $200 I spent I was expecting a lot more.  Gordon Ramsey quality food.  and we sat in front of the kitchen and I could see the chaos and confusion going on in there.  they had mixed up tickets orders were coming out wrong the kitchen staff is just as bad as the front of the house staff.
3	After being intoxicated all morning, I was so excited to eat a burger for dinner. Decided to come here with some of my girlfriends. The wait to get the table was a bit long since it was during dinner time. The wait to get our food was even longer.I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger which was supposed to be spicy but for some reason it tasted really bland and dry. I was so hungry so to make it taste better i drowned the burger in tabasco, which was a pretty bad idea. My mouth was burning for an hour.Usually when i'm hungry i think any food is amazing. But for this visit, i was soooo hungry and I still thought the burger was just mediocre. Also, it's a bit pricey too. $15 ish for a burger with NO FRIES.
4	Took a seat at the Service Counter and saw the Dawgs coming out so changed my mind from a Burger and ordered the Fresh Chili Dawg with Truffle Fried and a Draft. Picking the beer was fun since they give you samples before you decide. When the food came out I was very impressed with the presentation. Service was excellent, dawg and fries excellent and beer cold and fresh. Only issue was that the avocado on the dawg was not ripe and when I pointed it out to the waitress she seemed to care, but did nothing about it. I just took them off the dawg and wondered what Gorden would have done if he were there! Will return on next trip to LV and have a BurGR.
5	Absolutely the best burger I've ever had. Duck bacon, egg and sharp cheddar cheese. Perfectly cooked. Moist and juicy. Next time, I think I'll add some mushrooms to it. The fries were also expertly cooked. They had that delicious crispy outside with a soft and chewy inside. Curry ketchup tastes like it sounds. In my opinion, the flavors didn't really go well. I can see the appeal but to me it was more of a gimmick. However, the chipotle ketchup superb. We also ordered the jalepeno poppers and the presentation was excellent. They were backed up with a solid taste. Honestly, unless you're a big guy, the burger is enough to fill you just fine. Everyone I saw was leaving their fries at the bar and at first I figured it was because they weren't that good. But in reality it was just because the burger was so dang good and filling. I recommend sharing some fries with a friend unless you're hankering for some food. I ordered the Jalepeno Margarita (I like it hot what do you want from me?!) and it was a typical 'rita. It wasn't bad but it didn't knock me on my ass like the burger did.  My wife ordered the Green tea gin, now that was an original cocktail with a great taste. i was a huge fan. In fact we came back several hours later and ordered a couple of more for the road. They have a great selection of beer on tap. I was very impressed with what they had. We sat at the bar and the service was a bit slow, but it was well worth the wait. Seriously, it was the best burger in terms of meat that I've ever had. Now, I like a burger that's juicy and moist. And this was it. it almost melted in my mouth. If that's not your type of burger, then... you need to have your head evaluated :)
5	Been here twice and both time were amazing. My first time was ordering the farm burger with parmesan truffle fries which were both delicious, the farm burger is topped with duck breast bacon and a fried egg which was fabulous, and the fries were the best fries I've ever had. The second time I ordered the Hell's kitchen burger with onion rings. The Hell's kitchen burger was a perfect mix of spicy and soothing, and the onion rings were nice and crispy and allowed you to bit into it without any of the onion sneaking out.
1	30 minutes for a burger that's not even cooked to the right temp? Waste of time and the burger had no flavor. Joke
5	My friends and I were craving burgers and we ended up coming here. I got one of their chicken burgers and it was so yummy! The chicken patty was juicy and flavorful. The burger just tasted fresh and the server shared with us that they use high grade beef. Everyone else in my party got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and they loved it! I also got the Truffle Parmesan fries. They were ok.. Could have been crispier. I wanted something sweet and was suggested to get the shake with oreos in it. Super sweet, but delish! Another cool thing about this place is that they make their own house ranch and catsup. Wish they sold their catsup by the bottle. Overall, if you're craving for a big juicy burger, check this place out! Definitely worth it.
5	Great food, don't expect it fast though.  I sat at the bar, the 2 bartenders were friendly enough.  Had the American and truffle fries.  Perfect medium burger, couldn't finish the fries, as much as I wanted to!  Great selection of draught beer, and a couple of ciders!  All in all, I will go back, whenever I'm in Vegas!
5	Was in town for a friend's bachelor party rolling 13 deep and, as the foodie of the group, I was delegated to choose eating spots for the weekend. I'm huge Gordon Ramsay fan so I had to put this place on the itinerary. Disappointingly, the restaurant couldn't accommodate all of us at one table, so we had to split up. Which turned out to be fine because, aside from that, the experience was awesome and everyone loved the dining choice.We started with an order of awesome Truffle Parmesan Fries, deliciously crispy Onion Rings and the best Jalapeno Poppers I've ever had in my life. An order of poppers come in a set of six in a great presentation of individual shot glasses with each popper sitting in a chipotle-ranch sauce. One of my friends walked clear across the restaurant from the other table to tell us how amazing he thought the poppers were.On to the main event -- the burgers. All the guys thoroughly enjoyed their burgers. I ordered the Farm Burger which had duck breast bacon, cheddar cheese and a fried egg. Seriously, duck breast bacon? Simply awesome... and a fried egg with a runny yolk just makes everything better. The massive burger patty was juicy and perfectly cooked. The bun choice was great and held everything together beautifully.Overall, the food was fantastic and complemented by the excellent service. Upon getting seated, our server gave us recommendations and we stuck to them for the most part. He was right on the money with the suggested menu items, which included the Jalapeno Poppers and the Farm burger. Attentive and quick service with top-notch food. Can't ask for more than that.
5	Been several times.  Each time gets better.  Blows away Holsteins and even Bacchi burger (which I go to frequently).  It seriously does not get any better.  Great beer selection.  Unbelievable bun.  Incredibly knowledgeable staff.  Some of my most memorable meals of the year.  And that is saying a lot!!!  Absolute perfection!  It even tops Todd English's.  I will never mock Gordon again.  He hires and trains the right people.  I still visit Todd English's and Bacchi several times per year.  Save your time and money if you were considering Holsteins.
5	Everything about this place was amazing! Greeting with a smile by several very cute hostesses & immediately seated. Cute server came right over and was very knowledgable of the menu & very attentive the whole evening. I had the Hells Kitchen burger which was one of the best burgers I've ever had. Burger prices are about $14 & are ala carte. Service was very prompt & friendly. Will definitely return & bring friends.
5	REALLY GOOD! We visited this place this past weekend and had a blast! Our waiter Alex was a hoot! He had a laughing during our entire meal. The food was excellent. Between the 3 of us we ordered the American burger (traditional), the Hell's Kitchen burger with jalapeno and avocado, and the Chicken burger with blue cheese. Every single burger was delish! Plus we ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries and Alex brought us all the different kinds of ketchup: regular, curry, and chipotle. One thing I will say is that chipotle ketchup set my chicken burger off! I highly recommend this place if you are ever in Vegas!
3	I'm a big Gordon Ramsey Fan. I was happy   to finally get to  try one of his restaurants. I really wanted to give this place 5 stars. I ordered the burger with the onion jam medium well. The burger was very good and tasty, the bun was soft and the burger held together very well. My problem with the burger it was $16 and it doesn't included fries. If you want French fries its another $8. I also got a coke for $4. With tax it was $32. The burger is good, but not $16 good. The French fries were nothing special at all, they were regular frozen fries that tasted like they were sitting under the heat lamp. I can go spend $12 at five guys or bagger dave's and get a good burger and French fries that are actually good. Bottom line disappointed. I'm still a fan of Gordon Ramsay and I will try his British Pub and Gordon Ramsay Steak next time I go to Las Vegahap
4	Yum! Loved this place from the moment I said "table for 2". I didn't even mind the fact we needed to wait 30 minutes for a table. They just told me they would text me when the table would be ready with the approximate time as well. I wandered off to gamble and they texted me at exactly the time they told me. Awesome. My bf got the fish and chips burger. It was a different twist on the concept, especially since when the server brought it to us, it looked like a huge hot dog. Weird right? Interesting nonetheless. The only complaint from him was that there was more bun than fish. He devoured it nonetheless. I ordered the Farm Burger, duck breast bacon, sharp cheddar and a fried egg. It was delicious and very tasty. It's one of those burgers that you just fall in love with. We also ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries. I like them crispy so this was a tad disappointing as they are the fat fries that are very potatoe-y. The truffle aioli that came with as a dipping sauce was aweome and it made me forget about the non-crispy fries. Also, we had the chocolate hazelnut pudding and coffee shake. It was INCREDIBLE!!! I normally am not the biggest fan of a shake, its always too thick or something is just off but the texture was just smooth and creamy. You could enjoy it and not need to suck too hard... =P. So where does the pudding come in? It comes in right on top! It was different, and a GOOD different. Yum. I would come back just to get this shake. I like Holstein's shakes, but this was just better. If you are a Total Rewards member, you get a dollar off here and there. Nice plus!
3	Like many others who have reviewed this place have said, the service is shitty. We received our appetizer before anyone even bothered to bring our drinks out. The wrong drink was given to us twice in a row. The food took an extremely long time to come out, with three different waitresses helping us out over the course of the meal. When asking for a substitution on my earth burger, the girl said "absolutely" and nothing else. Upon receiving the bill, I saw that I was charged $3 for less than half an avocado. I don't mind being charged for it, but shouldn't she have said "there will be a charge" or something of the sort? Anyways, food was good, definitely not worth $18 after my massive substitution that took $3 of work to accomplish.
5	This was the best burger I've ever had!!!  It was cooked to perfection (exactly the way I like it) and just had great flavor.  The milkshakes are amazing, as well. The only thing I didn't care for had nothing to do with the food, but I thought it strange to have to share ONE iPad for 6 people to paruse a fairly large beverage menu -- by the time the waitress came back only 3 people had a chance to see the iPad choices and two if those thought they already had ordered it off the iPad!!  Didn't seem very efficient to me.  Everything else though was great!!  I'd definitely pay $14+ for a great burger like this again!!!
4	Went on Saturday night w/ no reservation. Was told an hour wait time but they text you when the table is ready which is nice, which allowed us to wander. 45 mins later, we were seated by the window looking into the casino. Our waitress, while nice, seemed very frantic, and we witnessed her drop water on another guest. However, we had no problems with her service. She explained the menu in full and gave "her" recommendations. The menu is small but really nice. We got the Farm Burger, the Euro Burger, and truffle fries. Everything came out fast and as ordered. It was all delicious, especially the fries. It was one of the best burgers I ever had. The manager came by and checked up on us as well. We tried the Sticky Toffee Pops for dessert, knowing the Sticky Toffee Pudding was his signature dessert at his steakhouse in the Paris Hotel/Casino. However, we were utterly disappointed in these. (Side note: We went to his steakhouse and got the real Sticky Toffee Pudding and it was delicious!) Would definitely recommend going if you want a burger though. Skip the Sticky Toffee Pudding pops though.
2	Everything about the burger was great except for... the beef.  I ordered it medium and it was definitely red all the way through in the center.  This doesn't scare me as I love steak tartare and rare meat, but there was no seasoning, which left a lot to be desired.  The bun, toppings and sauce were done well, but all in all, I was disappointed.  They also have a gimmicky ipad beer menu, which was fine until I was asked if I was done with it so the next guest could use it.
4	Nom! 4.5 stars.We waited 45 min for a table which I expected, but then another while to order our food... and then felt like an eternity to GET our food. In reality it was probably 20 min, but I was starving at that point.Gordon Ramsay really delivers here. We got a Hell's Kitchen burger, Farm burger, and truffle fries. I think the prices are very reasonable, even pre-discount (I think any Total Rewards card gives you $1 off the price of each item).Per our usual routine, hubby and I shared both burgers. I can usually pick which one I like better but not this time. Both very different from each other and equally stellar. It may look smallish but we were so full we couldn't finish the fries. Oh, those fries... just enough truffle taste, finely grated parmesan that were good enough on their own or in either homemade sauce. I'm salivating now.Worth the wait!
2	Had to go back because of company in town for family reunion. The help was still great again but could still hear the F&*(%$$ BOMBS coming from management behind the line. Am I the only one who hears this? Hello, Gordon? When you're in the house we might expect the drama.
5	Gordon Ramsay was having lunch today here!!! The Hells Kitchen burger was awesome and Maui onion rings. This place has an ipad for a menu, so cool. Yes, took pictures of Chef Ramsay as he looks better in person. He is lean and great physique for what he does!!!
5	BurGR is amazing! By far the best burger I have ever had! The staff is great, on par with Ramsey steak! I ordered the Farm Burger and it was awesome. My wife had the Hells Kitchen burger and it to was amazing. We shared a basket of "Just Fries". They were good, but what set them over the top was the two ketchups. A chipotle ketchup on one side and a curry ketchup on the other. We will be going back again before we leave Vegas!
5	What a burger! My favorite burger was Zinburgers in Tucson. BurGR in Las Vegas has now become our Gold standard. First off, our server Karlenda is a pro. This woman knows her product knowledge. Gordon you need to put her in a trainer position. She should be training your new staff how to make recommendations.The Burger was the best Ever. All the components complimented each other.  Cant say enough about our meal and Karlenda
4	This place was good. Great service and reasonable prices for Vegas. Best thing I ordered my burger medium and it came out medium well. It was still great but when I mentioned it to the waitress she insisted on taking it back to show to the cook....hopefully a good Gordon moment. I got a new one and all kinds of apologies....I mean no restaurant I have been to has been able to cook a burger to order so doing it twice is a big deal.  It helped it tasted great both ways.
3	Why do restaurants like this make their staff wear extremely unflattering uniforms. It's supposed to make the place fit the brand, but when your staff isn't a bunch of manikins, it's distracting. Anyway, we were seated immediatly, but then service became very slow and odd. It took a while for the waitress to come by and when she did, she dropped off an ipad that contains drinks and dessert information only, but then didn't take any drink orders or offer water. It took forever for her to come back and another waiter checked on us and rushed our drinks out. The menu is rather smallish, but they do right by burgers. Flavorful, juicy, just the right size. Quality ingredients and perfect prep make the difference. The duck bacon on the Farm Burger, unreal. I had the chanterelle burger, which was also good with arugula, chanterelles, and fig jam. I wanted the farm burger so bad, but had to watch the bf eat is as I avoid dairy. Sides are not included with your sammie so, be prepared for sticker shock. Sweet potato fries can act as dessert, but a milk shake ordered at our table can act as a meal. Dinner for 4 came to $75 with one cocktail, one soda, 3 burgers, a fry, and one just dessert. Another A-ok meal in Vegas!
4	I thought the one featured item "the burger" was a bit dry. I'll prefix this with the fact that I like my burgers plain. Meat and bun which means the choice of meat, it's seasoning, the bun, how it's cooked are all that much more important. When I asked for for burger medium I found it to be overcooked (dry). I sent it back and got a burger that was undercooked. Neither had anything but average flavor. So why did I give the place four stars instead of 2 or 3. The truffle fries. They were steller.
3	Had a very good BurGR at BurGR. As good as it gets from a food quality perspective. The bun, the meat, the toppings, nothing out of place. Mine was perfectly cooked and basically flawless all around. To top it off, they even serve Pepsi products, so was able to enjoy it with a Mountain Dew! A few drawbacks. It was very pricey, mine was about $16 if I recall, and that does not include fries. Service was slow and nothing special. Finally, the atmosphere was cafeteria like, could be improved considerably. Despite the drawbacks, if you like a good burger, it is worth going to BurGR.
4	We stumbled upon BURGR by accident while perusing Miracle Mile after enjoying a show.Here is the down low ...-Place is massive,  well decorated, and welcoming-The price caught us a bit off guard (then again, we are in Las Vegas, and dining in one of Ramsay's joint ... but after late dindin, we agreed it was well worth it!-Service was cordial-friendly-Our food arrived timely-Our Ticket/Tab was a bit too slow. We had to wave on one of the servers to finally bring it to us.Overall, we had a lovely time. Yes. We are returning again! :)
3	This place is quite large and seats many.  First thing we noticed is the waitress' outfits are very skimpy but not all the waitresses should be wearing them.  Then you notice the large picture of Gordon Ramsay on the wall with his hands up - its not even a mediocre photo (WTF is it supposed to say) - fire your photographer Gordon.  Lastly the menus are quite cleverly designed and positioned on the tables folded over the napkin rolls.  I opened the menu and the prices were shocking (for a burger joint) and didn't include ANY sides.  Okay we're in vegas (justifies some of it) so I'll give it a shot.  The burger that came out was cooked properly (medium) but rather small and the meat was bland.  The toppings were good and the bun was meh.  Overall it wasn't a bad burger but it wasn't great either (and definitely not worth the money).  We ordered the parm fries and they were quite tasty but $8 for potatoes? Ouch.  I'm fairly certain they were not freshly cut like any decent fast dining burger joint (five guys, in-and-out burger, etc).This is a marketing project masquerading as a restaurant with a celebrities name in the title.  The food is good enough to keep the customers coming in but it's absolutely a tourist trap and wouldn't survive in any normal town especially with the proliferation of other great fast casual burger establishments.I would suggest Gordon take a tour around the US and visit the top burger restaurants before opening another one of these restaurants.  Ted's Buffalo Grill wipes this place off the map in every way.  Vortex has far better burgers and five guys has a much better value.  I don't think i'll be back next time I'm in vegas - too many other places to try.
1	We went in last night for a friends Birthday. We Drove up form California  because that's what He wanted. Well it was not what I expeated for a Gordon Ramsay restraint's. The services was great. They had our food there on time and it was hot and some what good. I order the  Blue burger and some type of garlic fries. the burger was ok but the Fries did not sit well with me and I got sick when I get home. Not a fun time at all.They were very greasy and if I'm right when I see him on TV he would of yelled at someone and then throw them back and say FIX IT!!! Well I throw them all right. UP!! not a fan at all.Then when we told the waiter it was our friends Birthday does he get a something. he then side it someone it going to pay for it under his breath. We just looked at him and left. We paid $430.00 for 13 of us and that is what he has to say. NOT cool!  I wish I got his name. I will give a big shout out to the people who brought our Food. They were great! :) Knew who order what and told us what we order. and they had a smile at all time.Great team work there.
5	I had planned to eat dinner here but wound up somewhere else that evening, so I came back later that night for a snack. Fortunately, the burgers are small, so they work for that purpose. I had a beer (I forget the name, but it was a domestic hefeweizen) and the blue cheese burger and enjoyed them both.A couple of notes of interest: The hostesses wear tight little dresses and sneakers--it looks a little weird, but I respect their allowing them proper shoes to work in. All the drinks and desserts are on an iPad. I don't know why the whole menu isn't because you're looking at drinks on an iPad and food on a regular paper menu.
5	I really liked this place a lot.  We ordered 4 burgers, 1 beer, sweet potato frieds, Parmesan fries and 2 shakes which was great.  It was very high tech, with the ipad to show us the different beers and the menu was on it. It reminds me of the Kitchen Nightmare's of how Chef Ramsay revamps. The management and waiters made sure everything was okay and the service was excellent.  The chef ramsay, great job of getting what the fans wanted a burger joint that is affordable.  Oh yes make sure you go get a club card to get a dollar off the food.
2	So my husband and I were excited to try a Gordon Ramsay restaurant after watching Hell's Kitchen and kitchen nightmares. We figured the food and service at his restaurant has to be the best. Let me just say that I hope you read theses reviews Chef Ramsay cause your restaurant was not up to par. The hostesses were nice but once we sat down, it's like we were invisible. Our waiter finally appeared to get us drinks maybe 10 minutes after we sat down....drinks someone else delivered. Then he finally took our order. After that we didn't really see him. My husbands coffee cup sat empty for the longest time before we flagged down a bus boy so he could get a refill. Our food came about 25 minutes later and again, someone else delivered it. I wanted mustard for my burger and when I finally saw our waiter I asked him for it. He said he'd get it and never came back. I tried to flag down another waiter since ours was helping every other table but us and that waiter completely ignored me. Once again we asked the bus boy and he gladly brought it. I would like to point out that while it was busy when we got there, it had definitely died down in our waiters section. I finally found the waiter to ask for the check which took another 10 minutes and when he saw the mustard he said "oh good they brought it". As if he had asked them too!! If he had, I'd have 2 mustards sitting on our table. Somehow he became more friendly handing over the check, I assume because he wanted a good tip. I tipped him for the amount of service he provided....73 cents so I could even out the bill. All he brought us were drinks, no refills, and the bill. Any fast food place would do the same and I don't tip them. I wish I had seen the bus boy before we left cause I would've left him the 20% tip we always leave. If the waiter had done the bare minimum, I might've left 15%. All in all, food was decent but the service will keep us from coming back.
3	After watching Gordon Ramsey chew people out on Kitchen Nightmares for standing around and doing nothing and for watching him yell at head chef's on the show for not expediting, I was shocked to see over 10 people standing around in the open kitchen and the head chef standing and talking to a couple patrons for the entire 1.5 hours we were there.  The irony!  As for the food...The wings looked amazing, but were just ok.  I preferred the red ones over the green since they had more flavor. The truffle fries were great!  Really liked those.Had the Hell's Kitchen Burger.  It was juicy and ground from chuck, brisket and short rib, which is a great combination, but it was definitely under seasoned.  The housemate sesame bun was a nice touch, but nothing distinguishable.Our server was very knowledgeable and friendly and took the time to share lots of information about the place with us.All in all a solid 3 stars for my first Gordon Ramsey experience.
1	Normally I wouldn't let a server ruin my experience at a restaurant but the service was terrible.  The food was just okay and the shake with pudding was garbage.  There's plenty of other casual restaurants in Vegas to spend your money at.
4	This is as close to Hell's Kitchen as I'll ever get. We got to sit right at the counter in front of the kitchen. The head chef was a ball buster. Dropping f bombs and asking where our shake was. Just like Ramsey would : )The food was really good. We had 2 burgers, fries and a banana shake. Warning: the peppers on the Hell's Kitchen burger are flaming hot. Get them on the side or not at all!Fun quick lunch.
4	Been to BurGR about half a dozen times already (I'm a local) and wanted to write my reviews of this place. Pros of this restaurant was the overall atmosphere, friendly attentive staff and service from the hostess, bartender, servers, to management. I always order the same thing. American cheeseburger cooked medium well with no lettuce no tomato with pickles on the side and red union. Truffle Parmesan fries and my Virgin Bloody Mary extra spicy with no garnishs. The bartenders that I know of seem to alway recognize me and remember me and engage in small chat when busy and always check up on how everything with my time there is doing. I would've given this place a full 5 stars but the following cons of the place made it drop a star .Even though I been there on several occasions I still almost have to always wait more than 15 min for a spot at the bar or table near the bar. I still have to wait what seems a bit long for my burger to arrive and even then they almost always has the meat rare or even raw temperature. Normally when I get a burger that's raw I would send it back but my first time there and noticed the raw meat I had already eaten half of it. Luckily though it was still delicious and most importantly I have never gotten sick as a result of eating here but still feel the cooks can improve on that a bit. I'm a huge fan of Ramsey and I am actually even friends with some celebrity chefs that have in one form or another known or worked for Gordan directly. I am so relieved that his restaurant has made a positive impact on me, as I've been to many celebrity restaurants and only a rare few had disappointed me. Now if only BurGR had a customer loyalty reward program......Thanks and I will be back soon and continue to tell all to check out BurGR.
5	First I should say I am not a fan of Mr. Ramsey.  While walking through Planet Hollywood from my so so Dinner at Striphouse, we walked by Burgr.   Looked so good we had to try it.   Came back the next night.  First, the place was packed.  It was 10:00 PM on a Saturday.   We saw two seats at the end of the counter and got in without a wait.   Service was prompt and really nice.  The staff--all of them really cared about making sure the experience was perfect.  We both ordered the All American Burger.   It did take a while for the food to come.  Since we were sitting at the bar, we saw all the tickets so this was just OK.  While at the bar, we got to talk to the staff , including the hard working Sous Chef Jackie.  If Gordon happens to read this ( yeah right), you really have a great employee.  She takes her job seriously and has fun at the same time.  (We are not related, I promise).   The alcohol menu comes on an iPad, but no matter he hard we tried, we could not find any porn on it.  Now for the food.  Best Burgr I have had in a long time.  The meat was great tasting---and I should know, as I do not use condiments.Eating here really makes me want to try other Gordo Ramsey restaurants.  There are a lot of great places to eat in Vegas, and I would put this one on top as one to try.
5	This place is phenomenal, my favorite place in Vegas!. It's a must for any foodie or Ramsay fan. The food and the service is always top notch and the prices are very reasonable!   If your coming to Vegas don't miss out!!!!
3	This was my first time here and I really wanted to know if this place lived up to the hype. We all know Gordon and how he acts on his show, so you'd think this place would be just flat out amazing.My order:Damnation chicken burgerTruffle Parmesan FriesCoronaPresentation of the food looks great. I think more went into that than the taste. Nothing about this Chicken BurGR stood out except it was over grilled. I was not impressed by this at all.The fries were nothing special either. They seemed to be normal steak fries with Parmesan cheese sprinkled on them. The truffles were in one of the dipping sauces. Again just didn't live up to the hype. The Corona was probably the only thing that came out meeting my expectation. I placed the order on the iPad that was given to me and it didn't even get sent to the bar. The waiter came over and just took it and read it. My thoughts are it works if you want customized cocktails, but not for beers. I thought for sure it would be like STACKED (customized burger place in Los Angeles). Overall not that wowed by this place and it was a bit over priced. Aside from watching a game on the screens, and grabbing a drink or two, I would skip this place and probably any other GR place.
4	Service was great, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  We enjoyed the Farm Burger, Hells Kitchen Burger, and the Truffle Fries.  I am still thinking about those fries!!  :)
5	This is my new favorite restaurant in Vegas!  So good that after trying it for the first time I went back for more the very next day!Good burgers, yummy truffle fries (huge portion more than enough for two), and the best shakes I've ever tasted!!  I LOVED the banana shake with butterscotch pudding.  I got to try the Oreo shake with creme brulee pudding and that was delicious as well.  I may have to get that next time!  Servers are pretty friendly.  I really liked our server on the first day: friendly, professional, knowledgeable, and cute too to boot.  I wish I had gotten his name but he looks like Clark Kent without the glasses :p  I think he knew he had us in the palm of his hand and that we would give him a good review so he had us fill out a survey after our meal.  Of course we rated him highly!  We unfortunately were not seated in his section the next time we came in but when he saw us he gave us a smile and a wave :)FYI: they do not take reservations over the phone or online.  The restaurant fills up quickly within that first hour of opening so get there early or be prepared to wait a bit.  If cigarette smoke bothers you try to get a table in the middle or toward the front of the restaurant.  The back section is very close to the slot machines so it gets very smoky there - we requested to move from that section on our second visit.  One more thing to note: to enter the restaurant if you are coming from another hotel take the entrance just at the top of the moving walkway that takes you from the street to the hotel, which is next to Cabo Wabo Cantina (on the Paris side of the building).An added treat: you get to take your menu home with you as a souvenir :)  Totally recommend this restaurant and I cannot wait to go back!P.S. Make room for their shakes!!
1	Long wait for a very disappointing experience. Mind you I was ready to taste what a gourmet burger tasted like. Fries were too greasy and go figure no regular catsup or mustard! The sun blaring down on us was extremely bad and yet not one restaurant staff bothered to block the sun or apologize. Service was ok but I wasn't impressed. I was only able to eat 1/2 of my burger! Too much hoopla for very bad food!
2	Is it me or was it weird to send food back at a GR restaurant.  I want to first say that I am an avid fan of GR tv and. I was so pumped to eat at my first GR restaurant.  And to top it off ir was a GR burger joint.  Heaven is all I could think.So I paid the $15 for cab down to Planet Hollywood Casino and after about 30 minutes found the holy land.  There it was BURGR.  And to add to the excitement there sitting there enjoying GRBURGRS was all 50 miss America pageant contestants.  (I assume it was all 50 I didn't want to seem creepy by standing there counting them all).The restaurant itself is completely what what you would imagine/  Modern, Sleek, Clean/  The Waitress/hosts were delightful.  Unfortunately, that is about where all the compliments have to end.The first thing i ordered was the onion rings.  They came out shortly after and were sopping in grease.  Yes grease. Onions Rings !!!!! Greasy.  So sad i must say.  The waitress came by and asked how it was and i had to be honest and sent them back.  Yes i had the nerve to send food back at GRBURGR.  Next was my burger.  It was beautiful, cooked to perfection but had absolutely no flavor.  It was like taking raw ground beef, cooking it up throwing it on a bun and serving it.  No salt, No pepper, No flavor.  I ate my BURGR, drank my Drink, finished my replacement fries, snapped a few unobvious pictures of the MS America girls and promptly left, thoroughly disappointed.Maybe i thought it would be better ... Maybe with the 50 Ms America girls, the chef didn't care about me ...Maybe they were totally swamped ...Maybe i am just making up excuses because i really wanted to like this place.Maybe i am being too hard expecting too much ...But this is one time , what happened in Vegas, Didn't stay in Vegas.I'm completely bummed ...
4	I've eaten in this restaurant for 4 times already. I definitely love this place. My first experience with the Truffle Parmesan Fries was phenomenon. However, when i visited for the second time, the fries were not as truffly as the first time I'd tried. Then the third time i ordered, it got better. They should control their product consistency.My goal is to try all shakes on the menu. I tried the Oreo, Coffee, Strawberry, and Banana. So far, my favorite is Coffee. All of their shakes are super thick and sweet and especially the Oreo was too sweet for me (I love sweets, when i say it is sweet, it is really sweet.) Who ever created this shake menu, I have a huge respect on him or her.
3	Grading on a superstar chef curve.Burger (Britannia Burger) was first rate. The expertly ground, formed and grilled beef was rich but not greasy and cooked to a perfect medium rare. You could easily eat this as a tartar so don't order yours overcooked. Served on a somewhat bland brioche sesame seed bun. Mine came with a sweet and tangy mango chutney, real English cheddar and some Arugula all excellent toppings. The $14 hamburger arrives all alone on the plate without so much as a pickle slice.The fries were another matter entirely. We ordered the parmesan truffle flavor for the table to share and they Were tasty BUT the texture was just weird. Not fried to a crisp but sort of mealy and dried out. A massive disappointment for a celebrity burger joint. The fact that they were the thick cut variety didn't help. Add the $11 price tag for something that should be included with your $14 burger in the first place and it's a triple whammy.Beverage was a perfectly poured draught Shipyard Old Thumper ($7) that could not have tasted fresher on Exchange Street in Portland, Maine.The desserts are ice cream based and not very distinguished. A simple scoop of Ben & Jerry's is better or the frozen custard joint near the Strat if you have a hankering for the cold stuff.Service was expert, refreshing for Vegas. All the 20 something men and women are extremely attractive wearing stylish gray and charcoal uniforms. The women are in super short and skin tight dresses.The modern room design right off the casino is festive, and while noisy not so loud as to drown out conversation at the table and features an open kitchen. Copious flatscreens have the games on with the sound off and No Closed Captions (I never understand showing the game with the sound off without the captions running).Lost 2 stars for the inexcusable fries, bland desserts and poor overall value.Worth a visit for the over-priced burger and a perfectly poured handcrafted brew.
5	Excellent, Fantastic,  better than I anticipated. The burger I ordered was the best I ever had, my husband ordered a shake and oh my, words can't even describe the goodness!
5	I was in vegas and this popped up on Yelp and we decided to try it. Apart from the wait (we waited a half hour when the place looked half full) it was really good. It was one of the best burgers I've ever had. If there's one thing I can say negative is that it's a bit expensive (4 beers, 2 burgers, 1 fry was $100). Unfortunately, pricewise it didn't seem out of market for the strip. Anyways, I've always wanted to try one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants and this is probably the most affordable way to do it. Very, very, very good!
5	Hell's Kitchen Burger = Best Burger Ever!Coffee Shake = Epic!Sweet Potato Fries = Perfect!
5	Hell's Kitchen Burger!!!
4	Truffle fries and a unique take on burGR's make it a fun, accessible Ramsey establishment. Not to downplay BurGR, but I thought the burger au poivre at Mon Ami Gabi was definitely superior.
4	On our first trip to Vegas we had to eat at one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. We had the Britannia burger, the American burger and shared Just Fries. The service was great, we got there right at opening, seated right away and the servers were great, we never even had to ask for a drink refill. They knew the menu and what to recommend and had great drink pairing suggestions. The burgers were phenomenal. I would say it is quite possibly the best burger I have ever eaten. The bun was fresh and soft, the burger was cooked to perfection. The only reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 was because of the fries. They were average, nothing special. They give you 2 different kinds of ketchup to dip and I think they were both a bit too spicy.Overall I was very pleased with my visit and will be back when I get back to Vegas, can't wait to have another amazing BurGR!
5	Being a HUGE Hell's Kitchen and Master Chef fan I had to make a trip here last time I was in Las Vegas.  BurGR is the more affordable of his three restaurants in Las Vegas but still a Gordon Ramsay experience.When we arrived for lunch we were told there would be a 20 minute wait.  They took my cell phone number and said they would text us when our table was ready.  I thought this was great, because I hate it when restaurants give you those big vibrating devices for you to carry around looking like an idiot.  That way you don't have to hold something that a million other people have had their filthy hands on.  We ended up playing slot machines in the casino until our table was ready.We received prompt service and all the staff we dealt with were very friendly.  We ordered the Farm Burger, the Hell's Kitchen Burger and split an order of the Truffle Parmesan Fries.  Both were cooked exactly the way we ordered them.  Both burgers were amazing.   At first we thought they might be a little on the small side but ended up being very filling.  One order of the Truffle Parmesan Fries is enough for two people to share.  These were some of the best french fries I've ever had.  For dessert, we tried the Sticky Toffee Pudding Push Up Pops. One order comes with two, so it's perfect to share with someone.  They were a bit gimmicky but fun at the same time.  We enjoyed our little frozen treats, but probably will not order them again in the future.We really enjoyed our overall experience here and guarantee we will be back to explore more of the menu.  It baffles me to read the bad reviews on BurGR, unless we just happened to come on a good day.  People complaining about paying $12 to $15 dollars for a burger need to remember you are eating at a restaurant located in a large hotel/casino on the strip in Las Vegas with the name of one of the most well known chefs in the world right now.  If you're concerned about saving a little money then join the Total Rewards program and it will get you $1 off each item you order on the menu.  I recommend you try it at least once and see for yourself and if you don't like it then in the words of Gordon Ramsay, "Pi$$ Off!!" Just kidding.
5	My wife was at an optometry conference in Vegas and I decided to tag along. I had heard about the milkshakes with pudding on top so decided to go here on Thursday afternoon for lunch. I sat at the bar and, when presented with the shake menu, decided to wait until a time when I could share a shake with my wife (they are huge). I ended up getting the All American Burger and it was fantastic! On Friday afternoon I decided to go back to get one of the Milkshakes since my wife was going to be done with classes early. I was also looking for a smokeless place to watch my beloved Pittsburgh Penguins Stanley Cup playoff game. I asked the crew at the bar if they could get the game on the TV for me and they were very accommodating, so I sat down for lunch again and ordered a Fish Sandwich plate. It was even better than the burger I had the day before. Moving along to the Coffee milkshake with chocolate pudding. Huge and delicious!! Hugely delicious. It is also worth mentioning that the bartenders/waitstaff were very friendly and helpful in a mellow at. The meals were a tad overpriced but no more so than anywhere else in the highly overpriced Sin City. Go here for lunch or Dinner if you have a chance.
3	Well there's a long wait on a Saturday night.  About 45 minutes for a table and 25 minutes for the food.  The decor is amazing and definitely plays on Ramsey's Hells Kitchen (even a burger names that).  Overall, I think its one of the better burgers I've had, but barely worth the premium (15 for just a burger).  I had the Britannia burger, which was topped with mango chutney and truffle fries.Burger was decent but fries were great.  Not something I'd go to again if I were in the area but a fun experience.
4	Wings are awesome, skip the honey wasabi and get the hot ones. Chili dog was legit! Farm burger (sharp cheddar, duck breast bacon, fried egg) was delicious; probably would have enjoyed it more if i wasn't already stuffed.Definitely worth the Vegas lunch visit.
3	I wish this burger was more memorable. We ate here in may when they had a military 2 for 1 burger promotion so we took advantage of that. They didn't advertise it really, it was just on the website at the very bottom. One thing I loved about all three Gordon Ramsay establishments while I was in Vegas this weekend was the Innis and Gunn beer selection on tap. Here they had a stout (a porter at Steam, and a pale ale at Pub&grill). They are oak aged beers and taste awesome. Apparently the server said they were Gordon's fav beers (at least on the menu)and I can see why.   I did enjoy my burger just didn't blow me away for some reason. I had the euro which was tasty and cooked well. The truffle fries and dipping sauces were very good. Wish I was hungry enough for a shake but too full since this was our third stop on our Gordon Ramsay crawl of the strip.
5	this place may be known for their burgers but the Fresh Roasted Chili Dawg. it's phenomenal!!
4	Being a fan of GR I told my boyfriend we had to go to one of his restaurants before we left Las Vegas. This was a good choice because it was delish. I ordered the chicken "yardhouse" burger and my boyfriend ordered the four cheese burger. They were cooked to perfection, dripping that lovely meat juice. We started with the jalapeno poppers, which were probably the best I've ever had. One is loaded with the seeds still in, luckily my boyfriend got that one. They come in the best ranch cheddar dip (we ordered extra to dip our fries in). We also ordered a side order of plain fries, they were the only let down of the meal, they seemed kind of raw still, lacking salt. Overall, the meal was pretty good, 4 stars for the undercooked fries and the price, kind of hefty for burgers and jalapeno poppers + 1 alcoholic drink $75.
3	I totally hate to do this but the environment kinda killed it for us. You cannot hear the person sitting right next to you talk. The server just kinda pretended she heard everything we said but I don't think she did. the food itself was great, but hard to enjoy a meal that should be a memorable one when you cant even talk to the person your there with. Definitely make a reservation they say you don't need but its most likely an hour wait if you don't. I expected better service.
5	Being big fans of Gordon Ramsey, we just had to try this place out. We went here a couple months ago while visiting Vegas. They were pretty busy but when we put ourname in, they had us sit in the entry lounge/bar area. Very nice, especially with all the walking, my back was hurting so I was ready to sit. The staff was very friendly! The food was delicious. We ordered the hummus and sweet potato fries. Both were VERY yummy!! My husband ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and I ordered the hot dog. My husband really enjoyed his burger and my hot dog is clearly not your average size hot dog. It extended a couple inches out of each side of the bun. We we're sitting at a table across from a booth full of guys. Yeah, I was NOT about to bite into this hot dog with them sitting there...lol. Good thing for the handy dandy fork and knife. ;)Prices were a little more than your average restaurant but come on, you're in Vegas. That's to be expected. We enjoyed the service, food and atmosphere that we will definitely be back!!!
5	THE WAIT IS WORTH IT! There will probably be a waiting list if you visit Burgr in the evening. But they will send a text message to your phone when ready. And there's plenty to do while you're waiting. Play some slots in the casino. Have a cocktail at the Heart Bar in the center of the casino. Window shop at the Miracle Mile Shops. Or go outside and watch the human parade on the strip. Very entertaining. The time will fly by.We all agreed that the appetizers, cocktails, burgers and chicken sandwich were some of the best we've ever had. Maybe the best. Seriously. The milkshakes looked awesome for desert but we were all too stuffed. We'll save that for next time. The cocktail menu is on an iPad which they bring to your table. That seemed a little gimmicky and unnecessary. But that's my only criticism and a minor one at that.
4	Pricey but well worth it. Get a seat where you can watch the kitchen staff. They were always cleaning up behind themselves and this made the meal that much better. We will go back just to watch and learn and oh yes......to eat.
5	Perfect burger. Just enough to satisfy the appetite. Great signature burgers. Extensive beer selection as well. Euro burger is my favorite
2	5 Stars for presentation. Gordon Ramsey knows how to put together a restaurant, even one as casual as BurGR. Unfortunately presentation means squat to me and I'm all about the food. The jalapeno poppers were awesome (great presentation with each in it's own sauce shot glass). Unfortunately the rest of the meal was a let down. The center piece of the meal, the burger, was hugely disappointing. The burgers were dry and really didn't taste anything special. Honestly, In and Out blew them away. Maybe I had high expectations from Mr Ramsey, but again, wasn't impressed. The truffle fries were ok (wife seemed to like them more than me), but it seemed a little gimmicky to me and didn't really add anything to me.Service was outstanding. Well put together restaurant worthy of his name, but the food isn't quite up to par.
4	10 minute wait to be seated for us. The host will text you when your table is ready which is cool. Farm Burger with crispy duck bacon and egg is the way to go. Wife prefers the Euro Burger. Ordered medium and received medium rare but we are brave. Buns were good and not soggy even with medium rare meat and egg drippings. Wife loved onion rings and ranch dipping sauce.
5	Saw Ramsey's face on Planet Hollywood and decided to give it a shot.  Service was outstanding, sat us at the bar overlooking the kitchen.  Our server was super attentive,and polite.  Beer was good, burger and fries were better, see you next time we are in Vegas Gordon.
5	Let me start off by saying: Gordon Ramsay is my idol.This restaurant did not disappoint. I ordered the "Heaven's Kitchen Burger" which was simply the Hell's Kitchen Burger with no jalapenos :). It was PERFECT. However, the must order item is definitely the truffle fries. They are simply amazing. My friend ordered the Bleu Burger but found it slightly potent - so only for a stronger palette. The cocktails are good too - the fruitier ones especially. The service is friendly. I had an amazing time here and love Gordon Ramsay even more (if that were even possible).Finally, SHAKE #4 with creme brulee pudding and oreos was TO DIE FOR.
4	delicious,  the fries and onion rings are amazing
3	Good not great, not worth a hour wait. Pork belly appetizer was phenomenal. It gets expensive quickly, $15 for an a la carte burger is aggressive.
5	This was AMAZING. Earth burger (no meat) was the best veggie burger I've ever put in my mouth. Score Gordon, score.
4	Came with a large group for a late dinner and we were all impressed! I tried the chicken burger and the farm burger and while the chicken burger was impressively good for a chicken burger, the farm burger is definitely the way to go. It had a really good mix of textures and flavors from the beef patty, bacon, and fried egg. I also had the truffle parmesan fries, which I thought were okay--they could've used more truffle flavor, though the dipping sauces were really good. Solid burgers at a decent price (esp for Vegas)!
5	We strongly dislike trying new places, especially when I read a lot of these two star reviews. They ask for your name & number. You will be notified when your table is ready. Sweet. :) Free refills, SIGN UP for the Total Rewards club card.  It was more reasonable than I expected too.We had 2 American burgers, one without Pickles & mine with tomato & onion. We tried the Truffle Parmesan Fries for $11 ($10 w/ TR card), super addicting. The portions are big, NO JOKE. Save room for dessert, they looked amazing. I did not.It's just what I expected. I'm a huge fan of Ramsay, and I loved the experience. We will be back since we're locals.
5	Stellar. The fries are stunning.  Deserts look great if you have room.If you want a show in the kitchen, go at a busy time and sit at the counter.
5	Firstly, Gordon Ramsay knows how to design a restaurant! We were here this weekend and left really impressed and very full of delicious nom nomsThey don't take reservations so we had a wait time for seating, but 20 minutes is not bad at all on a memorial day weekend Saturday at noon. Instead of giving us one of those annoying buzzers that only work within a certain radius, they took a cell number and texted us when our table was ready allowing us to wander throughout the casino in Planet Hollywood while we waited. The atmosphere is really neat, especially for a lunch place. The theme definitely goes along with the Planet Hollywood idea. The funky silverware was my favorite! Technology was also used very well in this restaurant. Our server greeted us promptly and provided an IPAD for us to check out drinks and desserts (with pictures and ingredients). The server was not only awesome but very knowledgeable about the menu. He had personally tasted everything on the menu and was happy to give his feedback about any item. He was also great about checking on what was gluten free for me. The service in general here was top notch. Our waters were never empty, the manager stopped by each table to see how the meal was going, and our meal was brought out by an entourage of servers at the same time and they all made sure we had everything we needed before leaving. At the end of the meal you even fill out a easy survey on the electronic device provided with your check to ensure the service was excellent. Now to the important stuff, the food! The burgers were awesome. I had the chanterelle burger with a lettuce wrap instead of a bun and it was delicious! The meat was a perfect temperature and the fig compote and chanterelles were a really nice touch. My boyfriend and the Euro burger which was great. We also enjoyed some of the amazing parmesan truffle fries and him and our friends enjoyed the onion rings (not gluten free). I'd have loved to have tried the puddings but they unfortunately had gluten in them. The mixed drink I had (skinny screw) was done really well. Not too sweet or too overbearing with alcohol, plus it was garnished with a fresh mint sprig and orange slice which I devoured at the end...a faux pas?? Maybe, but they were fresh and delish!Wait time for the noms was less than I expected with how busy it was and price (55 with tip for two meals and a alcoholic drink in Las Vegas) was reasonable. Its a good thing Burgr is not close by, my waistline might be in trouble if I had those truffle fries readily available..
4	What can i say, gordon ramsay sets up great establishments.First impression is of course WOW. No res so we walk up, just in town for a few hours so any seat will do... by the by the place was full. As we sat near the bar i noticed there was a bar where you can watch the chefs... f me for missing that. I asked the staff if there is a special request needed to sit there. they said no just ask... i did, but even with empty seats couldn't get the seat. it's okay.menu is awesome, simple and fairly priced. if you aren't used to paying more then 10 bucks for a burger then this place isn't for you. the price matches the quality and care the chef take to make it. if i could work there i so so would. fries are great. sauces were awesome. the chipotle ketchup wasn't very heated as i wished it would be, but i know the cliental are mostly tourist so oh well. i get it, make sure your guest aren't overwhelmed. curry ketchup, awesome! ummm, food great. oh yeah many awesome beers on tap... on to the nextwhy no 5th star... staff. since this a review of overall, the staff let me down a little bit. the hostess, pretty awesome. our waitress you can tell was having a rough day, she had a look of concern and frustration the whole time. i get it, rough crowd when you have many coming in but take a min and get it together. smile. lucky for her the other staff that was just coming on for the switch was ready to go and very friendly. another thing... don't most managers have a office, one manager walkin the place and saying hey... good work. the other had much work to do and was busy at the bar but also running staff... ??well, as i took a look around most people were okay, all but one table... most obvious too, they had that look like "where the hell is my damn waiter!!!" i called out to the manager working on with iPad, he asked what was up and i told him about the table... boom they got service. if i didn't i wonder how much longer they wouldve waited... so much wait staff kept passing them up. sad.but, overall still gets my respect, i will be back, at the chef bar though. and maybe i'll bring my veg gf cause yes they do have a veg option. if you are in town and want to taste something gordon puts his name on then go in and try. maybe you'll love it too.
1	We ate a late dinner at Burgr last night.  It tool about 20 minutes to get a table... Not bad. We ordered a shake, and dinner. It took about 15-20  minutes just to bring us our shake, I ordered a burger and my husband ordered a salad and shared fries.  It took another 20 or so minutes to bring our meals. My husband's salad looked like a pile of over cooked noodles.... Tasted nasty. My burger was fine.... Nothing to brag about. The fires were undercooked and over seasoned... No one was really even good about water refills. We did speak with the manager Benjamin, his only comment were we locals????? really.. This place sucks. I am so shocked, this was a place that I would have thought would have been amazing... Save your time and money there are to many other Burger places in Vegas
3	The chicken burger was very good - the highlight of the meal (along with the house made ketchup). Fries were a little too rich (really, you need truffle oil and Parmesan on a deep fried food?). Farm burger was cooked to my liking (medium) and the duck bacon was tasty (although not crispy enough - the burger needed some different textures). They also committed a cardinal sin: overcooking the fried egg on the farm burger. The yoke was nearly solid when it should have been runny. Overall an okay meal and a good draft beer selection for those who prefer craft style brews but nothing to suggest that burgers are their specialty.
4	Went here with a friend on Sunday, (Memorial weekend), was told it was going to be a 40 min wait which I expected. Walked around planet Hollywood for only 15 min and got the text that our table was ready! The decor is interesting, they have a cute little bar as well. Okay on to the food, my friend got the creme brulee shake, it was really creamy/tasty but soooo rich! We shared the Parmesan onion rings, they were awesome! They were crispy and light, and had a generous amount of Parmesan on top. I also loved the cheddar ranch that came with it. We both ordered the farm burger which had English cheddar cheese, fried egg, and duck breast bacon on it. It was a pretty good burger, good enough for 14$? I don't know... Overall I had a good experience and would come back to try another burger and get those onion rings again.
4	I'm always on a quest for the perfect burger, so I tried this place.  The Farm Burger was very tasty (bacon, cheese and fried egg).  The meat was tasty, the bun was fluffy and it all came together well.  The parmesan fries were also pretty good.  Great selection of beers and other items.  The only strange part of the meal was the over-eager, over-anxious, "I'm your best pal" attitude of the waiter.  I appreciate good, sincere, efficient service....but don't try to blow so much smoke up my shorts!
4	My daughter requested that we have a few of her teenage friends come along with us to try Burgr for her birthday. I was pleasantly surprised! If you live here in Vegas, the strip tends to be more a nuisance than a novelty. But not for the sake of my daughter's birthday request, we just wouldn't have bothered. With the combination of being located inside a strip casino and being a Gordon Ramsay property, I expected everything to be ridiculously overpriced, but considering the factors involved, it was very reasonably priced. The menu is ala carte, with the burgers ranging from $12-$16. The fries cost between $8-$11, and easily feed two. Appetizers cost about the same as the entrees, and the homemade shakes ($9) are just divine!Everything ordered all around was absolutely delicious! We were also pleased with the service. I have but one complaint about the entire experience. They should never have left the restaurant open to the casino. It is so terribly loud in there. When you can hear the nickel-mongers cheering their $12 jackpot over the person seated next to you, it's time to consider building some sort of partition.Otherwise, we had a lovely experience at Burgr!
4	My burger was tasty, and the service was great, but I think this place was a bit over-hyped. The chantarelle burger was certainly good with a nice combination of mushrooms and some sort of a fig jam, but not one of the best burgers I've ever had. Truffle fries were cooked well, and certainly large enough to share. We arrived right as they opened for lunch so we were able to get a table immediately. Like many places in Vegas, they go a bit overboard on the technology, just because they can (ipads for cocktail menus, mobile device for payment, etc), which is ironic because it often makes the process more difficult. All in all, it's a solid restaurant with good service and a nice alternative to just about everything else in Planet Hollywood.
2	I really expected a lot out of our recent trip to Burgr while we were visiting Las Vegas. The place looked really cool and the 30-40 minute wait wasn't bad because we could play some games at the casino while waiting. I have seen many of Gordon Ramsey's shows and agree with what he says about food and restaurants. I guess that would be the complaint I have, I went to one of Gordon Ramsey's restaurants thinking that here is a man who has learned a way to maintain the quality of food and service at a restaurant while he is not there that would be served if he was there. It was not. I ordered the Hummus, just to be different, after all, everyone at our table is ordering burgers so I am bound to get to try one anyway but hummus? Who serves hummus at a burger place? this must be some good hummus, right? Not really. I could hear Mr. Ramsey in my head pleading with whoever made this hummus to taste what he is serving and SEASON IT. (and wash the green onions before serving them) I sent the hummus back but the server simply asked if I wanted something else, and they were gracious enough to take it off my bill. I thought maybe they would want to know why I sent it back but no one asked. My wife had one of the cheese burgers and kinda the same thing, SEASON IT and learn how to cook a burger right. I seriously couldn't believe she told me she ordered hers well done, I saw her with it med rare and thought to myself she finally ordered a burger the way I like it too but nope, it was just a cook that was probably back there cooking every burger to med rare and slapping them together like they were in a mcdonalds. The fries are a different situation all together, Holy cow were those good, the Parmesan truffle topping was super good, even made up for the fact that the fries had been sitting in the cone for a while before they were dressed and served.I give this place 2 stars because the fries were really that good, so good that even with being a major disappointment I will still give it more than one star.No doubt Mr. Ramsey is a good cook and passionate but you can't always expect that you can have several restaurants that will maintain that kind of drive and integrity to make every single customers experience absolutely excellent. I didn't go in looking for something wrong, I went in as a person who admired your work ethic and passion for cooking. I am very disappointed with my experience and although I will no doubt try another one of your restaurants, I will definitely lower my expectations. (Also, if you are going to put hummus on the menu with burgers, it should be the best hummus anyone has ever tasted.)
4	Overall rating is more like 4.5 stars out of 5.My wife and I absolutely enjoyed this place. She was telling me that she might even like this Gordon Ramsay establishment better than the Gordon Ramsay Steak.This is just an all around great burger place.  Not to mention that the decor of this place was very intriguing. It was so intriguing that my wife took a few photos of the place.I couldn't really find any issues with the place. Besides the 20 - 25 minute wait for our burgers after finishing our starter/appetizer of onion rings everything was pretty exceptional.Our server was awesome. I don't remember the names of the burgers we ordered, but I do remember they were absolutely delicious. The onion rings were cooked to perfection and for extra deliciousness they actually add some Parmesan cheese on top. And although we ordered their simple fries they were seasoned well and tasted extremely good (If we are ever back in Vegas and at Gordon Ramsay, BurGR we plan on trying one of their other fries option).All in all my wife and I enjoyed our experience here and feel that Gordon Ramsay BurGR is by far one of the better restaurants we attended while we were in Vegas. I recommend this place to anyone looking to eat a tasty burger. This place has them.
5	Went here this weekend. There was a wait, but well  worth it. We even went twice. The food is pricey, but for me it was worth the price. We had burgers, and fries and some Jalapeno Poppers which were absolutely delicious. I must say Gordon Ramsay knows how to make it happen. The down side though was on the second trip we didn't have a great waiter, so if you decide to go make sure to ask NOT to be seated in Jaime's section, he totally forgot about us and didn't bring what I had asked for instead went to the restroom.Katey was the best waitress ever, she was there on our first visit, she checked up on us regularly and made sure everything was great, even filled our drinks.
1	I went once and probably wont do it again. first, it took us a long time to have a waitress to take our orders and then to get orders done. also, I asked for well-done burger but it came not so I had to wait for another order. the burgers were ok! nothing special in them.I ordered pudding which was very thick and heavyI had stomach ache all that day and spend my day visiting toilets! and I think it is from the pudding.
5	Had the Farm Burger - duck breast bacon, english cheddar with a fried egg, med rare. It was without a doubt the best burger I've ever had in my life. Can't wait to go back. Service was great and the price was incredibly reasonable.
2	This place is EXPENSIVE. It was a novelty to try a Gordon Ramsay burger, in fact I even gave this place a 2nd chance after being disappointed the first time. That's how much I wanted to like this place.The presentation of the food was great but the flavor was just plain boring. It didn't have any unique flavor. It was just average. Also, both times I visited, I asked for the burger to be cooked rare, but got medium-rare. Not a deal breaker but when you are paying $15 for just the burger with no fries included, you expect to be able to get it cooked right. Honestly, Carl's Jr., Wendy's & In & Out make better burgers. Each fast food joint has a unique flavor to their burgers, but Gordon Ramsey just refuses to take any chances. It all tastes bland even though it looks like it's going to taste amazing.I spent over $55 on myself for a burger, fries, shake and beer with tip. Not to mention it is hard as hell to get to this restaurant unless you are walking along the strip. You have to park behind the Miracle Mile shops and walk all the way through the shopping mall to get back to the strip. Not an easy ordeal.I don't recommend this place for locals. It's clearly aimed at the impulsive tourists. Nothing more than a cash grab for Gordon Ramsay.
4	I would like to begin by stating, the ambiance and food were fantastic.However, there are two things which lead me to give a 4 star instead of a 5 star.Number one, we felt rushed from the beginning by our server. The moment we got our seats, our server asked us 4 to 5 times in under 5 minutes if we were ready. While we were eating she asked if we wanted desert. While we were finishing up our burgers, she put the check on the table without asking if we wanted anything further, which we did.Second, I felt that the burger options on the menu overlapped and wasn't enough of a selection. Many of the burgers seemed extremely similar to one or another. Considering there is only about 6-7 burgers on the menu, going off my memory, I felt somewhat trapped in selection. However, the burger I chose was fantastic. Other than the two problems I addressed, it was a great experience. Definitely try it out.
3	**Note that this was a 10 person party with people in our group coming and going**here's a time lapse of my dinner:9pm arrive920pm seated925pm drink/appetizers order taken930pm drinks arrive935pm appetizers arrive1020pm food ordered1045pm food arrived1115pm check comes1130pm check taken away.So in all - Food A+, but service (on this night) C. Usually it's a great time; great food, great drinks, but never go here with a big group that is waiting for other people to come to order....
2	THE GOOD:Burgers, fries and drinks were really good.  I loved the variety of burger selections and 3 types of french fries to choose from.  They also have specialty drinks that we really enjoyed.  THE BAD:We came for the first time and there were 5 of us in our party.  Bill came to $195 for burgers, fries and drinks. Yea.... I think the fries should come with the burger considering the price.  Most specialty drinks are $10-14 on average.  The waitress was VERY sweet, however, we waited FOREVER for our food.  There were MANY people working but we looked around the room and we saw many tables that were just sitting there and waiting... waiting.  They even had the manager (big dude in a suit) walking around serving people.  When we were finally done, we waited for roughly 23 minutes just to get our check and credit card back from the waitress.  Mind you, the original waitress we had was nice but then she went on a break.  Another person relieved her but we never saw that person the entire rest of the meal.  Considering the amount of people working, there is zero reason to wait so long just for a check.  Bogus.  Probably won't return for that fact alone, no matter how good the food was.
1	Mr Ramsey I think you are a phenomanal chef and I am a big fan , but I am dissapointed with Burgr .Using your words here is a short review I don't want to blow smoke up your A ...3 words for you , In N Out !!!!!Fries over seasoned ,Burgers under seasoned.Shake chalky .Service and ambience good.Listen to joe Bastianich and get rid of the truffle oil.On the whole a disappointing experience.
5	Soooo good. I love the iPad drink ordering but it would be cool if you could order everything from there. Food was so good I would drive 6 hours here just for a burger. Mmmm
5	I tried going back. Prices for Vegas were awesome! Loved the food, had the Farm BurGR. So fresh and great flavors. Parmesan fries were excellent. This would be on my list too revisit on my next Vegas trip for sure. Loved it.
5	Excellent service. Very attentive. Burger was good, truffle fries were awesome.
3	chef ramsay is one of my fave chefs EVER but i am pretty disappointed with the burgers here. it hurts that i have to give this place 3 stars because i respect chef ramsay as a chef and i watch all of his tv shows. i couldn't believe how DRY the burgers came out for my boyfriend and i. it was crazy because we both ordered medium rare and the patty was a bit hard. i ordererd the farm house burger and the egg complimented the burger very well i just wish the patty as well as the buns weren't so hard to bite into. my boyfriend got the hell's kitchen burger and it was pretty good but we weren't too happy with the texture of the burger. i want to go back just to give it another try but each burger came out to be $15 each.our fave on the menu was the TRUFFLE FRIES! the aioli sauce was to die for! it was SOOO good! it went very well with the fries. usually i love ketchup but i did't touch the ketchup at all! the restaurant was decorated with a fun fire theme. they have the nicest staff and they also send you a text when your table is ready! the menus are cool looking and very inviting. overall just pretty sad about the dry burgers. hopefully it won't be so dry for other customers.
5	Burger is awesome! First off our server "Alex with the Glasses" was incredibly friendly and funny! He recommended the Farm Burger which literally blew my mind! The food presentation was incredible. The ticket times were a little long but it was well worth the wait!
5	Great restraunt. I had the Earth burgr and the flavors were exploding! My husband had the Euro burgr which was perfectly cooked medium. The Parmasean Truffle fries amazingly delicious. We will be back!!
5	Oh so good burger... Hot the blue burger. And the truffle aioli with the fries? Really?  I could eat it on its own!  Ambience? Loud. Food? Oh yeah! You go Gordon!
5	Got a chance to go here while staying at Planet Hollywood.  Went during the early afternoon and was able to get a seat at the bar without any wait time.Started with a Stone Pale Ale (which I rarely find on tap) and their jalapeno poppers.  They were probably the best jalapeno poppers I've ever had.  Hot, spicy, extra crispy and filled with cheese.  Really great!Then had the Hell's Kitchen burger which I also thought was fantastic.  The fresh bun alone was worth it.  The burger had the perfect combination of heat, cheese and flavor.  I didn't even realize until after I finished the burger that I never even considered adding ketchup or mayo like I normally do.  The included avocado was enough.The only thing that was a little disappointing to me were the regular fries.  They were a weren't very hot temperature-wise, and not as crispy as I generally like.  The people on either side of me got the onion rings and the truffle fries, both with looked much better.  I only wish I was able to stay in Vegas long enough to go there again and try a few more things.Overall I highly recommend going if you have the opportunity.
1	I was very excited to try Ramsay's food, as I've been a television fan for a long time.  We ordered Ice water with lemon, and only received ice water.  We ordered the onion rings as an appetizer; the homemade ranch was delicious, and the chipotle ketchup was ok, at best.  The onion rings were quite greasy, although seasoned well.  For the main course, we ordered the "Farmer's Burger" (I can't fully remember the name, but it was a burger with duck bacon and an egg on top) ( I would rate this burger alone a 3.5), the "Hells Kitchen Burger", and the Truffle Fries with Truffle Aioli.  The hells kitchen burger was charred so badly on the bottom that I could taste nothing but burnt, and had absolutely no seasoning.  The burger had roasted jalepeno, tomato, and avacado on top of a cheese I cannot remember the name of.  We had a shift change mid service, so the new waiter took a while to catch on that the burger was sitting there untouched.  We advised him that not only was it charred, there was NO seasoning whatsoever.  He brought back a less cooked burger, but with no seasoning still.  To have roasted vegetables with raw (thickly cut) avacado on top with NO salt was a slap in the culinary world's face.  The only salt was from the cheese, which you could taste in the last bite (as all the toppings were eaten already.)  I would never go back, and will never eat at a Ramsay restaurant again.  To "rectify" the issue with yet another unseasoned burger told me that it was intended to be bland.  No thanks, for over $50 I could have eaten three times the amount at In N Out burger and been completely satisfied!  (Oh yes, the fries were ok, more garlicy than truffley...but the meal cannot be held up by the fries.)
2	I'm thinking about breaking up with Gordon over this debacle of a restaurant. And that says a lot because I love this man's restaurants. You almost get the idea when you walk in that you're going to be disappointed. From the cheap looking outfits the girls wear, to the crowded, pushed together tables with everyone sitting on top of each other, you feel mediocrity permeating this place from the onset. It seems such a weird thing to be eating here as I'm vegetarian, but they do have ONE option for me so I wasn't staring into space while my friends noshed on their burgrs. That's how you spell it, right? No? Okay, sorry.First the service. If you were thinking this restaurant was on the mediocre side then the service would have you falling over into it. Completely unable to wait on more than one table at a time (both times I visited). My water glass the first time didn't even recognize its use as a water glass. The second time was a little better, but the waiter buzzed around like a robot barely talking. Apparently he was working on his multitasking. Also, how unsexy are jeans with the intials "GR" on the pocket? A little overboard on the vanity methinks.I had the Earth Burgr (ha, I just love doing that) consisting of grilled portobello mushroom, fontina cheese, arugula and roasted tomato. The combo sounds good and it's fine, but not for $15. I mean, it's not even meat, it's a mushroom disguised as meat. That lessens the chance of me raving about it considerably. I like to get what I pay for or I lose the ability to rave about anything. The taste is fine, the bun is soft, the arugula is a nice touch, but it seriously is just OKAY. Let's just get to the fries. I have never in my life tasted fries like this. I hated them. They are too big, they are too SOMETHING and it's not something that's positive. I had both the regular and the parmesan. Just no. The flavor is just wrong. I can't even really put my finger on why. I regret ever tasting these at all. Now to dessert. Sigh. I was hoping that after just spending $80 on a meal prior to dessert that I would somehow be redeemed for that colossal wasting of money. HA! I'd be wrong! Ordered the sticky toffee pudding ice cream on a stick thing and wondered who in the hell I'd pissed off at this place. What a joke of a dessert. First, it's so obviously made ahead of time (it's frozen, so of course), but it tastes it. I'm not a fan. I can't even go on about it, it was just such a disappointment. I've been to GR Steak and the GR at the London (NYC) and have come from both feeling like I would never taste better. I think GR is much better at gourmet then low brow burgers (yeah, I even got tired of it).
4	The Strip is now packed with fine burger establishments. There's probably one in every resort/casino. Mr. Ramsay opens up his newest one right smack in the middle of the Strip at Planet Hollywood. This place will always be packing because of all the foot traffic here. All the waitresses/hostesses are wearing skimpy outfits that gets stares from the guys. We probably waited 25 minutes for a table. Gave them my digits so they can text me when the table was ready. Walked around the Miracle Mile for a bit.Seating is close quarters. We can hear the conversations all around. It's eavesdropping paradise. Menus had a hole on the bottom with a slot for the utensils/handkerchief. Waitress brought out drink menu on iPad. All the drinks/pudding shakes where there with a picture and description if you clicked on it.So I order me some Truffle Fries and a Farm Burger. Burgers with fried eggs makes me go goo goo gaga! I inhaled it of course and it stuffed me like a good meaty burger should. There were juices dripping from my experience afterwards. The fries were pretty delicious too.The atmosphere is loud and crowded. LCD television screens are mounted up in every direction with sport channels. Service can be slow as it's always seems so hectic in here.In conclusion:Food = A (Delicious all around)Service = B- (Friendly and attentive but can be slow at times)Atmosphere = A- (Can be a fun place to dine)
4	I had the "Hell's Kitchen Burger" and it was easily in my top four best burgers ever. We tried both the truffle/parmesan and sweet potato fries and both were outstanding. The service was very friendly, from the hostesses to the servers.  The Manager noticed we had been waiting for a few minutes, and I do mean a few...and offered us a free appetizer or a free round of drinks, we chose the parmesan fries. The ambiance was very modern and sexy.  The server outfits were all a tad short - but I think GR was going for sexy when he designed the overall look. We waited in a long line, for only 15 minutes; it moved fairly quickly.  We waited for our actual burgers for about 12, while munching on some free fries.  Overall, I would say 9 out of 10, and would definitely go back!
5	Holy shit!  Brilliant burgers and fries.
4	I came here this weekend on a Saturday for dinner. Arrived at 5:30pm to avoid the dinner rush. We made it just in time, because for a party of 3, we only waited about 10 minutes for a table, while groups that arrived immediately after us had wait times of 15-30 minutes. It's good that they take the phone numbers of parties that have wait any longer than that though, so they can go roam the strip until they get texted that their table is ready. I tried the Farm Burger, Truffle Parmesan Fries, and the Shake #5, which was a coffee milkshake with sticky toffee pudding. The Farm Burger was delicious, although it was a little messy to eat. The yoke of the egg kind of just bursts out, which is absolutely delicious, but it does get all over your hands while you take bites of the burger.The Truffle Fries were a little expensive, but definitely worth the taste. The combination of the fresh parmesan and truffle aioli made it all the better. The portion was pretty big, and can be shared among 3-4 people.The milkshake was delicious. I usually don't like milkshakes because I get tired of the sweetness, but the combination of the shake and pudding made the taste a lot more bearable for me. The shake was sweet, but not overbearingly so, and the pudding was light and not all too sweet. The cookie on top was great too!I think anyone looking for a good burger should check it out. It's often pretty busy during peak meal hours, but if you go just before or after, it should be okay. Even if there is a line though, you can gamble in the casino or go shopping in miracle mile ;) The waiting service was also great! My friend ordered a Raspberry Tea, and every time it got even close to low, our waitress would come around with another one! Gordon Ramsay did not disappoint!
4	Really delicious burger. I got the farmer burger and the runny egg with duck breast bacon on top of burger was so so good! It was juicy and perfectly cooked. I got mine medium and it was perfect. The onion rings and the truffle fries were delish as well. The onion rings had great batter on them and was crispy and seasoned just right. The truffle dipping for thr fries were really yummy as well. What can I say? They were well worth the money. I know some people mentioned in their reviews that the burger was expensive but hell, they aren't no McD burgers. I can still taste the buttery taste of the buns. It only gets 4 stars because of the hot dawg. It was very very salty. My little son who loves hot dog could not finish it and after I tasted it, I could see why. Even though the server was nice, the service was just a touch slow. The restaurant was really packed so maybe that's why. Definitely will be back next time I am in town.
4	I went here for late lunch.  Since I love truffles and I love fries - I had to try the truffle parmesan fries.There was a line even at 2pm and I was in a hurry.  I didn't make a reservation - who eats at 2pm?  Apparently, 60 other people do!  Good thing a spot opened up at the bar and I wasn't picky as to where I sit, I just want food in my belly!I had a medium rare Euro burger (truffle aioli, arugula, goat cheese and oven-roasted tomato) and truffle parmesan fries.  The guy at the bar who took my order said that 1 order of truffle fries was good enough to share - he doesn't know me and how big my appetite is.  I also got a Farm burger (double patty, duck breast bacon, fried egg and cheddar).  After 25 minutes, my food came.My Euro burger was cooked perfectly, juicy and absolutely delish!  The tangy tomato and peppery arugula were a good balance to offset the thick creaminess of the goat cheese and the fatty beef patty.  The Farm burger was real meaty - I'd have a heart attack if I ate the whole thing!   The Parmesan Truffle Fries were good.  The amount of truffle dipping sauce was pretty generous and also comes with homemade ketchup.  The flavor was fantastic without a doubt but I would've loved the fries to be more crisp.  I finished the fries though.Next time I come back, I'll probably have the same stuff and try the chocolate hazelnut shake/ dessert.
4	Again, checked in and headed over here after our 3.5 hour drive in from L.A. Needed a burger and beer. Wife and I had such a great time here first time in January, we had to come back. I had the Britannia Burger, medium. It was good! I felt the arugula was a little too peppery for this burger and overpowered the cheddar. I think the mango chutney ended up on only half of the burger.  A thicker cut of cheese on this one would definitely bring it up to great burger standards. Wife and I were smarter this time and only shared one order of fries!!
5	Amazing.  You have to try the chocolate shake.
4	What can I really say about a burger joint...?With the influx of GR shows, restaurants and promotions going on, I thought it might be wise to stop by one of his cheaper yet tantalizing establishments.  Burgr is located in Planet Hollywood, which is connected to where I stayed over the weekend.  Just a quick walk through the miracle mile and there we are.A couple steps away from the craps table, Burgr looks like a leveled up diner.  Booth seating in and around and a tables scattered between.  The wait staff and servers all wear fashionable casual attire.  GR jeans?!  That was pretty laughable for us, but their uniforms fit GR' personality well.Being a burger joint I insisted we all get burgers, but a few of the group opted on the chicken sliders and pork belly bao.  Both were surprisingly tasty.  I split the Bleu cheese arugula burger with the sis and another buddy got the farm burger.  The burger was perfectly cooked medium rare, but nothing really blew my mind.  To cap off our order we added the truffle fries and onion rings.  All in all, the food was good, not great.  They look organized from the top down and you can sense that GR was once here overseeing some of the operations.With that said, service was either slow or nursing the previous night made us antsy for our food.  Took a litlle over 30 mins to get 2 burgers 2 appetizers and 2 sides.   I'll stick to my review and one day I'll be back, but there are just too many other restaurants to go back here for now.Definitely worth trying, besides it's Gordon Ramsay' place!
5	From the time you arrive to the time you leave you will be satisfied.  The fire out front pulled us right in and when I saw Gordons huge head everywhere I knew I had to check it out.  We were sat immediately and right next to the fire display which was awesome.  The waitress was quick and attentive.  We ordered the Hells Kitchen Burger and the Chanterelle Burger and they were both amazing.  The Hells Kitchen burger is spicy and the chanterelle has a sweet taste because of the onion jam.  You only need to order one side trust me.  We got the truffle parmesan fries with homemade truffle aioli and homemade ketchup.  We were so full at the end but our waitress talked us into the sweet toffee pudding pops that you can take with you.  That was the hightlight cause they are that good.  We also got to keep our menus which was also a very cool touch.  The part that made me laugh was that our bill was $60 and we gave her a $100 and she actually asked if we needed change.  Hahaha, seriously?   She was nice but not worthy of a 65% tip.  I guess they are used to getting tipped way too much for just being a server in Vegas cause that was pretty extreme.
5	best burger i have had in awhile i had the hells kitchen, i somehow had low expectations for this place but i was not disappointed
5	I now daydream about these burgers!  They are succulent, meaty, and perfectly seasoned.  The only reason I would give it less than 5 stars is because it has forever ruined burgers from any other place!I noshed on the Brittania burger (sans bun - but absolutely no loss of flavor), truffle fries and a tasty cocktail to wash it down.  Honestly both times I have been I have ordered the same thing becuase it is so delicious.  The burger has mango chutney, sharp cheddar and argula.  The sweet of the chutney, the sharpness of the cheese and bitter argula all go so beautifully together. Worth the wait.  Give them your name and number and go to the bar next door for a cocktail while you wait, I promise you won't be disappointed!
5	Delicious food, great burgers!!!!! Love
5	Absolutely awesome. What I ordered: The Earth Burger (Vegetarian option) and Parmesan Truffle Fries.Pros:- The restaurant uses technology effectively. The wait for me was suppose to be 45 mins for my group. We just give them our number and they will text when the table is ready. They give up your table within 10 mins of the text. I was quoted for a 45 min wait time, so I walked around and shopped, the text came early (within 25 mins) but I did not check till 10 mins later because I was in a dressing room. I came around 15-20 mins late but they still let us in and didn't give up our table. - The drinks/desert menu is on an iPad. The response of the iPad is very slow, but still cool nonetheless. - Customer survey in on an iPod- The menu is simple. Straightforward with clear descriptions. Not too many items and not too few. It's not as long or complicated as some other high-end restaurants. - Service is great. They read my mind every time I wanted more water. Very friendly, knew how to start conversations without being awkward. - Portions are perfect. Quality over quantity. Except the fries. Fries were quality with quantity. They were delicious and I couldn't finish all of them. Cons:- There were minor hiccups in service which were all natural human error, nothing egregious warranting dislike for service.- One visit to this restaurant is going to want you to come back again. The taste of the burgers will randomly show up in your dreams or while you're walking to your car. Make sure you always have enough money saved up for a spontaneous Vegas trip.
4	Glad we tried it! I do think the Ipads are a bit pretentious, annoying, and slow down service every time the waiter has to explain the concept to each table.I ordered the Euro Burger, I enjoyed it but wished I ordered the Hells Kitchen burger!My husband tried the all american and it was quality.THE TRUFFLE FRIES WERE FABULOUS AND I AM NOT A FRY PERSON!Good deal for a high quality burger on the strip! Glad we went, might be back, might not.ALSO THE BURGERS WERE BEAUTIFUL, LOOKED LIKE THE PICTURE, AND THE TRUFFLE FRIES ARE BIG ENOUGH TO SPLIT BETWEEN 2 PEOPLE! VERY FILLING!Our bill was $44 for 2 burgers, 1 truffle fries, and 2 waters... fyi
4	Everytime I do a review I can never stop wishing for a guideline.  When you've been so many places it so hard to not compare and to completely concentrate on one place.  Here we go again...Never would I have ever thought a place could have TOO muh customer service. Our server was nice, very talkative and probably checked in on us 4 times too many.  Yes better more than none at all but it was almost annoying. I read the other reviews and the ipads we didn't have to deal with that and this crazy long wait everyone speaks of did not exist at midnight on a Saturday Las Vegas night.  The food: The fries 3 people can share them with a meal.  The cheese on them was very heavy with taste.  The chicken wings were yummy, although I prefer sweet over spicy here the spicy worked better.  I had the Britannia burger and my friend had the burger with the fried egg so I was able to enjoy a taste of it.  Yes the burgers were good...very gourmet flavor with fusions of flavors for your pallett.  are there better burgers on the strip? Yes.  Quality of meat, presentation, service and decor you won't get better elsewhere.  So if you want to be trendy and full with a tasty meal this is the place to be.
2	I know I'm in the minority, but I did not enjoy my meal at BurGR.We got the jalapeno poppers to start, which were the best pat of the meal.  They were well-fried and the sauce that came with them was excellent.  There's supposed to be one jalapeno that still has seeds and so is spicier than the others, but we have no idea who ate it as nobody got one that was overtly spicy.  But an excellent dish.The burgers, unfortunately, were not something I enjoyed at all.  I ordered the Farm Burger because I love having an over easy egg in my burger.  When it arrived, the egg yolk had already been broken and had oozed all over the plate, slightly soaking through the bottom bun.  The patty itself was overcooked (I asked for medium, received just over medium well), yet lacked any sort of sear or flavor.  The meat was a very neutral flavor.  There was no char or anything to give that patty some taste and some texture.  It was also very under seasoned.  So altogether, it was a disappointing burger.  My dining companions also had overcooked patties and also commented on the lack of flavor.The onion rings were good, but the potato fries were not very well fried and, again, under seasoned.There are also very large images of Gordon Ramsay on the wall making some crazy face with flames around him.  It's a huge in-your-face tie to Hell's Kitchen.  It was very obvious that he's catering to people coming for the Gordon Ramsay name from seeing him on TV.  It cheapens the place and makes it feel pretty touristy.  That same image of him with the flames is on the menu as well.The cost came to just over $30 each and was not worth it at all.  If you want to eat at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant in Vegas, go to GR Steak at Paris.
1	Food was great, after we finally received it. We ordered Pork Bao buns to start then ordered fries & a burger to split and share.We were served all three items at the same time almost one hour after placing our order.  We told the server we were in a hurry when we sat down.  Instead, her service was less than stellar though the food was good even though we had to rush & gulf it down as to not be late for our show appointment.After we were presented with the check, we signed and completed the transaction.  I then ordered two to-go shakes. It took 30 minutes to receive. Not only did it take 30 minutes from the time we placed the order, the server charged me $69.00 for two shakes. She then presented me with a new check for $19.00 saying she credited my credit card for the $69.00.  After reviewing my bank accounts, she charged me for both $69.00 and for the $19.00.  There was no credit issued whatsoever.Our entire dining time took one hour and 30 minutes.I give the cuisine: 9For the service....appalling!   Even a "1" is way too generous!
5	Ok this place is a rock star. Why? Let's break it down.1) Staff- these people are awesome. Our waiter was attentive, full of good suggestions, honest, and really entertaining. Even the managers come and serve you! They really have a team approach here of getting things done. 2) Food- their menu is not really big, but what they do serve they do it well. They have burgers, onion rings, and fries. It was all good. Even the burger with the fig jam that some may be hesitant to try was awesome. They have a lot of fun flavors!3) Ambiance- it is a casual place but still trendy. Their floor plan is open, you can see the chefs working on your food, and they have fire decorations. Cool! 4) Cost- this is a bang for your buck place in Vegas! You really get good food for what you pay. It is super affordable. PS. Don't even think about sharing. You will want your own. Trust me
3	After watching numerous shows on television about Gordon Ramsay that piqued my desire to try dining at one of his restaurants, I decided to opt for a "lower" (relative term) cost option at the Planet Hollywood. Walking in, I saw a bunch (read 6 or 7) of hostesses in short skirts and iPads making small talk with people around. "This place is decorated fancy," I thought. The tables looked pristine and there were pictures of Ramsay and fire (hinting Hell's Kitchen I suppose) all around. I could not miss the huge Keg Cellar in the background. This is what I expected a top chef bar/burger joint would look like - trendy, casual and spacious.In spite of it being really late in the night - post midnight, and the place half full, our hostess insisted on feeding our information into her iPad to tell us that our table would be ready in 45 minutes. I must say time flies fast in Vegas because in 5 minutes we were texted that our table was ready. The hostess seemed like it was a daily affair - I guess iPad's do not replace brains and common sense. Anyways, after being seated at our table, we had some time to ponder over our menu (as our server was busy serving two other tables at that time and the menu being short and sweet). She was polite but was not enthusiastic and seemed like she was doing a chore. Thanks to yelp we did not need any suggestions and we ordered shake, 2 burgers, a chicken slider plate and a side of fries. Watching other dishes coming out of the kitchen, I was tempted - the hot dog was one of them, but alas we already had ordered too much food. To keep up with Celebrity chef standard, the food came out decorated really well, and looking appetizing. The shake was the Creme Brulee (which others had praised on yelp). I thought it was good but a little heavy.. (maybe I am not a shake guy). My beer gave me good company while I waited anxiously for our food to arrive. 30 minutes later we received our Five Spice Chicken sliders. I could so pass this dish - fried chicken - meh!Another 15 minutes and I received my burger (cut in two pieces which is awesome as I can't really fit the whole thing in my mouth anyway). I decided to sample my wife's Euro burger too, in addition to devouring my own Hell's Kitchen burger. The burger is not too big so you will definitely need your own. The meat was cooked perfectly (a plus for cutting the burger into two so you can see the inside). The Hell's Kitchen burger had the kick of the Jalapeno peppers (which I have found to be doused in other places). The Euro burger had some other toppings which were equally delightful. I find it hard to rank the two but as I liked the spice in the Hell's Kitchen burger I would probably give it a slight edge. The Truffle Parmesan fries were tasty, a different flavor profile than I have tried before and were not too greasy. However the fries starting seeming soggy as I passed the first few. It appeared that they had been prepared a few minutes (10 or more) earlier and were lying under the lamp heat. I would still say these fries are a try at BURGR.Overall, due to the trendy atmosphere, tasty burgers, nicely decorated plates AND moderately decent service, silly experience with the hostess and soggy fries I give it 3 stars.
5	Fantastic Burger Joint, burgers done right!! I had the Farm Burger, Truffle Fries & Onion Rings. All very reasonably priced. Nothing frozen and everything homemade - it all met my expectations!!
4	Loved this place! The wait was a bit long, but it was rush hour around lunchtime so it made sense. Around a 30 minute wait. Doesn't make a difference when you can walk around Planet Hollywood and shop for a bit. Ordered the American burger and the Parmesan fries. DELICIOUS. Loved both and even though the burger is relatively small, it's still filling. Will definitely return one day.
5	It is difficult to find very good customer service in Las Vegas but when you walk into this burger restaurant you are treated like a "fine diner" despite the somewhat casual fare. This is an excellent foray into finer food and Alex "with the glasses" and manager Joana are happy to assist in making decisions in case you're not familiar with some of the ingredients on the menu.. (Turns out duck breast bacon on the Farm Burger tastes quite like regular bacon but better!) Hubby had the Farm Burger which was recommended by three staff members and it did not disappoint! I had the Hell's Kitchen burger subbed with a chicken patty but I couldn't even finish it because I found Heaven on a plate, aka truffle fries. (PS, I HATE mushrooms but would KILL for truffle fries.) The portions were perfect, especially if you want to fill up but were raised not to throw away good food. The jalapeno poppers were out of sight, presented individually  in swanky little cups with dipping sauce. There will be a long line BUT the great news is the staff is insanely well organized and we were seated in about 20 min. We learned that chef ramsay shows up regularly and actually works with the staff, including my waiter. There is absolutely no disconnect between the atmosphere you see on Chef's TV shows and they way the food is presented and the restaurant is run. This is for real. It is very clear that Chef insists on perfection and it trickles down even to the hostesses and other support staff. You can tell these employees are proud to be a part of this incredible spot. Unbelievable! In a town full of smoke, mirrors and BS, go to Burgr for a truly enjoyable experience!
1	over rated!!! go to port a call, new orleans louisiana if you want a real burger with a must have monsoon
4	I had the Hells burger and it was great. Onion rings were not crispy enough and seemed very salty I will not order those again and try something different. Like a lot of others have said it takes a long time to get your order about 45 min!!! Decor is neat and I will be back!
4	Hell's Kitchen burger=good! Euro burger= great! We had the oreo shake which was to die for. This place is great. It was rather pricey but normal for the las vegas strip. I did get the euro burger and I loved the goat cheese and truffle oil on it. I would recommend this place to anyone for lunch. Enjoy!
4	Onion rings are awesome ! Tried the American Burger and it was delicious ! Add a skinny acai lemonade....yummy.
4	Not sure how long Burgr has existed, but I only first got to try it yesterday for the first time.  Very good burger, but I dunno if it's worth the line that was building up when we finished eating.  Service was slow, but according to our server Tuesdays are like that.    My burger was top notch, the sweet potato fries were perfect, and there was a lot of good looking servers.  What's not to like, other than the pricetag?
3	I wasn't expecting 3-Michelin-star cuisine, but I still left disappointed.After being seated in front of a large, awkward picture of Ramsay, my family and I were presented with drink options on a fancy iPad. Whatever, not impressed.Our orders came out quite quickly. Here's a breakdown of what I ate:1. Truffle parmesan fries ($11) - Too salty, too thick-cut.2. Chanterelle burger ($16) - The chanterelle mushrooms were too salty, but the patty was delicious and well-seasoned. I wish the burgers could come with fries.3. Fish & crisp sandwich ($16) - Quite tasty.4. Sticky toffee pudding push up pops ($7 for two) - Way too sweet. My parents were actually visibly disgusted by how sweet these were.Service was good, but I felt bad for the waitresses who had to wear skin-tight skimpy dresses. Sure this is Vegas, but it's a little awkward having breasticles in my face every time I got my water refilled. Also, the guys' outfits looked like they were straight out of a gay bar.All things considered, it was an okay experience that cost too much. Won't be coming back even though I'm a big fan of the chef patron.
3	This place decent but I would recommend Burger Bar or Holsteins over this place if you are in Vegas looking for a burger.I got the farm burger which is a beef patty with a fried egg and bacon.  My problem with the burger was that I felt it was something I could have easily made myself.   The difference between a real chef and me is that a real chef should be able to tie all the different ingredients together and create something where the sum is greater than the individual parts.   I didn't get that impression from this burgerMy wife ordered the pork belly bao bun which was decent,  it would have been a lot better if the bun itself wasn't extremely mediocre.  The sweet potato fries were quite good,  they come with a shaker of vanilla powder and a honey jalapeno mayo.  The mayo had just a hint of jalapeno flavor and zero heat from the pepper.   Overall, I would go back again if someone wanted to eat there but if it was up to me I would suggest a different burger place
4	Sexy waitress...definitely eye candy for the all the Man out there.Burger was great too..will definitely be back here when I am back in Vegas next time.
5	Best onion rings of my life. They may have made me sick, but they were literally worth the stomach ache.Vegetarians pretty much have one option for a main course. The Earth Burger is just a grilled portobello mushroom and some other stuff that I can't even remember. But whatever, it was so good. I usually hate portobello mushrooms, but I devoured this thing.Service was okay. I didn't care because I was busy drooling.Burgr is the only Gordon Ramsay restaurant that I can afford, but nothing about it felt like someone's cheapest restaurant. I took a menu home because it's epic.
5	Love this place!  Burgers are a bit smaller than most gourmet burgers but they are well worth it.  Had the truffle parm fries, roasted jalapeno peppers, farm burger, and britannia burger.  All of them were full of flavor and cooked perfectly.  It was a little hard to find because it's not listed on the Miracle Mile directory but the food, ambiance, and awesome dessert definitely got that 5th star back.
4	My friend and I split a burger and we're both fans. The burger was made perfectly. As my friend described it, "it was a different kind of soft" what ever that means. He may have been talking about the buns. If I was going to complain about anything is that I was born with too small of a mouth to eat that big of a burger. I also ordered truffle fries which were also good. I would definitely come back here again.
4	Don't let the line deter you, they're very efficient in sending out hosts with ipads who will take your name and text you when table is ready! Props to them for incorporating technology in a great way! The burgrs are pretty damned good, but the fish sandwich was awesome. Fries and rings were great too, loved the different sauces. Great drinks - superfruit acai berrry was tops. Great, friendly and efficient service! Overall a really nice experience!!
4	A lot of burger places have been popping up around Southern California. I've had some fancy burgers for the past year, so I was skeptical that this place could really have a great burger.I was wrong. I ordered the Farm Burger. It came with Duck Bacon (Is this real?!), English Cheddar, and an Egg. I ordered it medium rare just to see if they would actually nail it. This was one of the best burgers I've had in my life. The meat was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The toppings were great. The buns, which are always a key component to a great burger, was delightful. *drools*Our table also ordered truffle fries, beer battered onion rings, and fried poppers. They were all really tasty. The truffle fries were really rich. I felt the weight gain pretty quickly.The reason why I didn't rank this place with 5 stars is because the service was kind of eh. They weren't too responsive or checking their tables too often. We waited for help for long bouts for refills on water and requesting additional sauces.
5	Amazing! Simply amazing!! The food is great. We had the onion rings for an app plus the farm burger and the fish and crisp sandwich for our entrees. The service was great! Must go!
4	Gourmet burgers look to be some of the most common kinds of food on the strip and almost all of them suffer the same problem.  They use all of these high quality and expensive ingredients and end up making a burger that just tastes like a bunch of shit thrown together.  That's really is what a burger is, but if I'm going to spend $10+ for one, I want it to be remarkable.Gordon Ramsay seems to be aware of that problem.  Every ingredient in every sandwich at Gordon Ramsay Burgr stands on its own.  Every one of the items has character.  You can get burgers for a dollar almost anywhere.  GR Burgr justifies the costs.FOOD HIGHLIGHTS:Farm Burger: Everybody has a bacon and egg burger on their menu, but somehow GR Burgr does it incredibly right.  It's hard not to love duck breast bacon, but what impressed me was that you could somehow taste the egg behind all of the fattyness of the beef, the bacon, and the delicious buns they use.  Highly recommended.Hell's Kitchen Burger: This one has kick.  The spiciness of the peppers are tempered by the cooling effect of the avocado, all of which supplement the buns and beef very well.  Also recommended.Parmesan Truffle Fries: If you're a fan of either I probably don't even have to tell you they're good.  The fries are perfectly cooked with delicious potato-ness but also substantial crispiness.  The sauces they come with are worth licking from the bowl... not that I did that.CONCLUSIONCall me crazy, but I found myself comparing Gordon Ramsay's burgers with some upscale  maki sushi I've had.  Each one had a complex and long lasting flavor with well balanced ingredients.  Yet, they are still burgers, so they can also be enjoyed casually.  Burgr is the first and possibly the only Gordon Ramsay restaurant I'll ever eat at, but as far as I can tell... this guy definitely knows his stuff.
2	So so experience. Slow service and unmemorable food.
5	I'm a HUGE Gordon Ramsay fan. As a viewer of his many TV shows (MasterChef, Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares, Hotel Hell [..did that one get cancelled?!] The F Word), I've come to admire his creativity, perfectionism, and work ethic. Granted, I arrived at Burgr NOT expecting Mr. Ramsay to be serving me a burger himself, but I was very much hopeful that his ideals would translate to his staff there. AND BOY THEY DID NOT DISAPPOINT!Though I'm a big GR fan, I'm an even bigger fan of burgers.. all things protein and sandwiches, really. I've had my fair share of burgers and I have to proclaim The Farm Burger at Gordon Ramsay Burgr as the BEST burger I've ever had.. hands down. Farm Burger: beef patty (I ordered mine Medium), English sharp cheddar, duck breast bacon, poached egg, brioche bun. What was so magnificent about this burger was that each element in it was a knockout; you could pick apart the egg, bacon, etc. to eat individually and be delighted, or eat them all together and still grasp the flavor of each topping in every bite. The patty was cooked to perfection: juicy, not over/under-cooked, tons of flavor that you could eat it alone sans toppings. The bun was toasted just right. No one flavor was bland or overpowering. Also, the burger wasn't stuffed with TOO many toppings where it became this unconquerable mountain. Another item to try (if you have room) is their pork belly buns (bao). Happy servings of fatty pork belly with shaved carrots in a fluffy bao. Best part of Gordon Ramsay Burgr? It was under $15! Not shabby at all for a gourmet burger. Given that prices are all inflated on the Strip, you could've gone to McDonald's or Panda Express and almost paid the same amount for crappy food. In conclusion: EAT HERE. Especially before a night out of clubbing/drinking. Your body will thank you!
4	WOW! First time here yesterday and I must say it was delicious!! It's located at a convenient place in Plant Hollywood casinos and wasn't a hard place to find. FOOD: The truffle cheese fries are AMAZING! The two burgers I highly recommend are the "EURO BURGER" AND "The farm" burger. I'm a sucker for eggs and the farm had a egg on top of duck bacon. YUMM.DRINKS: Large selection of beer and waiters have lots of knowledge of the drinksService: Friendly waitress/waiter LONG time to get food since it was so crowded. took about 24 minutes to get all the orders out to our party. I came here around 12pm before the pool party and there was no wait. However, after I left the restaurant around 1pm there was a long line out the door! SO COME EARLY! Overall:Pros:+good food+good selection of beer +plenty of tv's to watch sports Cons:+long wait for food+long wait to get seated+buns are kind of dry.
2	Burger was good but the whole process of waiting forever to be seated, then waiting forever to get your food, at a space that is not cozy and doesn't make you want to stay, and paying much more for burgers and fries, is not worth it.  Wings were disappointing too.If the burger had been amazing and the service great, I wouldn't mind but seriously, the place is not nice, the food is not great, the service is not good either...so save yourself some money and time and go somewhere else.Disappointed because I really like Chef RamseyAs a suggestion, they should really change the girls uniforms!
3	Both my bf and I are fans of Master Chef and my brother used to watch a lot of Gordon Ramsay's shows growing up (I mean he has so many damn shows you've definitely at least heard of one if by some off chance you live under a rock and haven't seen one). So the bf really wanted to check out his burger joint since we were going to be in Vegas.As far as ambiance and atmosphere goes, Ramsay has managed to make the place so much about him that it kind of made me think he's a major narcissist and took away from the overall experience for me personally. From the giant photos of him on the walls to the same picture of him popping out at you when you open the menu, to the name of the eatery, GR this, GR that. GReat. Hey, I just came up with that, I'm copyrighting now!The food is overpriced but you're in Vegas so it's expected. Maybe I just ordered a boring burger but I was not impressed. I had the Uber Cheese Burger and although I give props on a perfectly cooked to medium patty, it was sooooo dull. Literally just fontina, reclette and goat cheeses with meat. None of the regular fixings.The truffle parmesan fries were decent. I liked the two accompanying sauces truffle aioli and some house ketchup. I also snagged a bite of the boyfriend's chicken wings. There were two kinds of flavors. I don't remember specifically what the green sauce was but I remember not liking it. The spicy ones were ok. There was a line when we got there but the wait goes pretty fast. They'll take your number and send you a text when your table is ready if you want to roam around. Not a place I'll be recommending the next time I'm in Vegas but better than many of the other options we saw walking through Planet Hollywood.
2	Wings were great.  Flavorful, moist and greasy. Burger wasn't that good, and neither were the fries.  I would try to blame it on my hangover, but why were the wings so great, if I was too hung over to taste the food?
2	Ehhh. It's going to be difficult to write this post because I really like watching Gordon Ramsay's cooking shows and programs, but I have definitely had better burgers. Don't burn me at the stake for this review.Located in Planet Hollywood at the front entrance is a small modern bar-like area where my bf and I both got in line to try out the place. A bit of a wait, but I figured it's Gordon Ramsay, everyone wants to eat here. We were seated and we had our order ready to go (there is an interactive menu while you are waiting in line which is pretty cool) and I got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and my bf got the burger with lamb. We also ordered some truffle parmesan fries to share. The wait took awhile for the burgers to come out and our waitress came by and gave us an ipad to order some drinks during our wait. I can see the technological interactive appeal of the place, but it didn't say anything about the food. My burger came out and it tasted okay, but the most disappointing part of the meal was that the burger was lukewarm to cold. Wondering if my senses were off, I asked my bf to try a piece of it to see if it was cold, and he confirmed that the burger was pretty cold. It tasted like the burger had been sitting out for awhile or only partially cooked. He asked me if I wanted to let the waitress know, but I tried eating a few more pieces to see if it that was really how they wanted the burger made. Afterwards, I just left the burger by itself and munched on some truffle fries. The truffle fries were okay (they were hot at least) but a little bit overpowering on the truffle oil.My bf wasn't that impressed with his burger either. He said that mine tasted better than his, but too bad that the temperature was off. We waited for the waitress to clear our table and I mentioned that my burger was pretty cold. She said that she was sorry but I could tell that there was little that she could do with the situation. We paid our bill (a hefty $54 something) and tipped. I kept thinking in my head that I have had a better burger in a place like Red Robin. Sorry Gordon, but I'm sticking to your cooking shows. I don't think I'll be back here.
5	I'll admit it.  I'm a Gordon Ramsay groupie.  I DVR all of his shows from Master Chef to Hell's Kitchen to Kitchen Nightmare's.  And once or twice in my life, I've been lucky enough to eat at one of his many restaurants.  This past weekend, my friends and I were in Sin City for a birthday celebration and we decided to try the newly opened BurGR.  I'm not even slightly exaggerating when I say that the Farmhouse Burger that I ate at Gordon's new restaurant is the best burger I've ever eaten in my life.  Perfectly seasoned beef topped with Duck Bacon (which I didn't even know existed), French Cheddar, and a gooey fried egg....it was like eating a piece of art.In addition to the burger, my friends and I shared some truffle parmesan french fries with BurGR's homemade truffle aioli and ketchup sauces (both amazing).  We also ordered creme brulee oreo milkshakes (best milkshake I've ever had).  The only dish that we ordered that I was less than ecstatic about was the honeypig bao buns appetizer...but honestly, the rest of the meal was so amazing, we completely forgot about it.At a fairly reasonable price for Ramsay level quality food, I highly recommend trying out BurGR next time you're at the Planet Hollywood Casino in Las Vegas.
4	Ate here today for lunch.  There was a short line but it moved quickly.  We had a party of six and were told it would be 40-45 minutes; however, they were able to seat us within 5!  (Brownie points for that!)  After reading earlier reviews, I went with the farm burger.  My wife had the Hell's kitchen burger.  We were both satisfied with each.  They were juicy and tasty and cooked to order (we both went with medium).  They weren't like knock-your-socks-off delish, but definitely decent.  I'd recommend trying this place if you're in the neighborhood.  We tried all the fries--parmesan truffle, just fries, and sweet potato fries.  They were all good and came with tantalizing sauces for dipping.  If you like sweet potatoes, I'd definitely recommend the sweet potato fries.  They were absolutely amazing and worth going back for.  Also tried the onion rings and they were good as well (the dipping sauce added to their flavor).  The service was average.  At the time we ate there, they weren't super busy but we still had to wait longer than usual to get refills and/or additional items.In short, have I had more tasty burgers?  Yes.  Have I paid more for burgers?  Yes.  Have I paid less for burgers?  Of course.  So where does this one fall in the mix?  I'd rate it above average, but definitely not tops.  Worth checking out though.
5	The Best Burger I have ever had!!  And the parmesan truffle fries, OMG....so YUMMY!!!!
4	This is definitely the best burger place I've been to so far food-wise, but be warned: don't come here when you're starving because the wait (both for a table and then for the actual food to come) will probably make you faint. The feel of Burgr is modern and minimalistic, but spacious and intimate enough. I came here with a group of five friends on a Sunday afternoon around 2pm. We were told that the wait would be about a little over an hour, and we were able to leave a phone number so as to be notified via text when our table was ready. The actual wait was about an hour and a half, but we were seated quickly and our drink and food orders taken soon after. We waited ten minutes for our drink orders to come (all of us had just ordered water) and then another HOUR for our food to come. I understand that everything is freshly made and that a lot of care is put into the food, but an hour for six entrees and three sides? After watching Gordon Ramsay's hardcore antics on his shows, I had much different expectations for service in one of his restaurants. When the food did come though, it was definitely just as good as I expected. Chanterelle Burger:(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=GQgBbOObWxl4NMnr2AUQNQ#GQgBbOObWxl4NMnr2AUQNQ)This burger was grilled to a perfect medium rare and topped with fresh arugula, roasted chanterelles, and a sweet fig jam. All the components were well-cooked and complemented each other well, although I wish there had been more chanterelles (I think there were only two pieces) and that the fig jam was a tad less sweet. Truffle fries:(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=GQgBbOObWxl4NMnr2AUQNQ#vAwykqxeHJ6L9us0hwI6EQ)I love that these were thick-cut and fried to a crisp on the outside while still soft and mealy on the inside. They were served with two sauces on the side: one a variation of ketchup and the other a kind of tartar sauce (but with a few added spices I believe). Both were delicious with the piping hot fries. Sweet potato fries:(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=GQgBbOObWxl4NMnr2AUQNQ#whOTAAufI9XOoXYwTtCESQ)Hands down the best sweet potato fries I've ever had, piping hot and topped with heavenly powdered sugar. These also came with a canister of powdered sugar on the side as well as a kind of sweet syrup dip. I wasn't a big fan of the syrup because I felt like it overpowered the delicate flavor of the sweet potato, but I've never had sweet potato fries anywhere else that were sprinkled with powdered sugar, and it was just so ridiculously delicious. Overall, this was a delicious meal, and I'd absolutely come back for the food. I hope the service won't take as long next time, but I'll come prepared just in case it does.
5	The chanterelle burger can't be missed. Order the onion rings, too, and you'll be in heaven. They're beer battered, and probably the best I've ever had. The sauces they're served with are delectable. There are 30 beers on tap as well. Don't fill up, as the sticky toffee pudding pops are a must.
5	That was the best restaurant experience I've had in a long time. I mean from the beginning, everything was top notch. Excellent food + great service = how every restaurant should be 1. La fin du monde-you are my new favorite beer2. Shake #1 (chocolate shake)-where have you been all my life?3. Truffle Parmesan fries- can I say bomb? The sauce just made it a lot more enticing.4. Farm burger-how every burger should be made. Or what burgers in burger heaven taste like.5. Char siu burger- gf says it was really good, but I can't comment because I didn't try it myself.We'll be back next Sunday! I'm already drooling for more chocolate shake..
3	The good thing about this place is that they're open late, why I'm eating dinner at almost midnight is a different topic.  The truffle fries were good, I like just about anything with truffle.  They have quite a variety of burgers.  I tried basically the All American burger, a tradition cheese burger, and the uber cheese burger.  The uber cheese burger had three different cheeses and was good, though the meat part of the burger could have been a bit more seasoned and larger; you don't want any bun only bites after all.
1	Terrible service. Food was ok. Not worth it.
3	Pretty  good. Got to try a few things.My kids got a plain hot dog, nothing on it... And I tried it, the hot dog it self was good.The wings were good, I didn't care for the honey wasabi ones, but the others were good.The plain fries were a let down - soggy, mealy...but the sweet potato were excellent.My wife liked her hells kitchen burger... I tried it, it was ok.I loved my farm house burger. The egg was cooked well and duck breast bacon was good, but it was more like pastrami, not bacon. Coffee shake thing with Nutella pudding - pretty darn good.The service here is amazing for a burger joint. The biggest downside - wait time. It was a 45 minute wait on a Friday at 2:30... By the time we were seated and done with our food it was 4:30All in all good experience. Not as good as BLT at the mirage though.
4	Fries with chiptole sauce is good
4	It was pretty late, my ever hungry friend was.. well.. hungry.My slow metabolism was still content with the previous meal earlier in the day .. the one he called "a snack".I wasn't expecting much, seeing that this was a celebrity chef eatery in the middle of a casino. My last attempt eating at a celebrity chef establishment years ago left me disappointed, so my expectations weren't too high.We were seating promptly and opened our menus. Mr Ramsay popped out. I think I hear him yell "F#?K You can't cook!" in my head.Pricing was reasonable, I was surprised the Burgrs weren't $20+ each.  Affordable, especially for the Strip. (We Miamians are used to overpriced food by the way)Surprisingly my ever hungry friend only ordered a few things off the appetizer menu, not his usual entire front page of the menu. Just Jalepeno Poppers, and Fury chicken Wings and some shakes. The Poppers were huge, full of cheese, and each had their own dipping sauce. I enjoyed them.The wings were OK, nothing out of this world.The shakes were pretty amazing. I was almost tempted to get one for myself.I had a hard time deciding on what burger to get, but I eventually settled on the Uber Cheese Burgr. I didn't want anything too complicated, I was trying to keep myself from falling into a food coma.Everyone except my friend's wife ordered a burger, she went for a salad with chicken.Ok, I'm exaggerating a little, but at this point into my Vegas trip I was fooded out.Our food came out pretty quickly after our order, everything looked good including the salad. Unfortunately the chicken was too spicy for her.. We all had a bite, it was really really good.My Burgr was also very very good, much to my surprise.Don't get me wrong though, I don't question Mr. Ramsay's commitment to quality, but I know things can go awry when the master chef isn't in his kitchen.If you're on the strip, it's worth checking out.
3	We've tried both of Chef Ramsay's other restaurants here in town decided it was time to get the last one out of the way.  We stopped in after work on Friday afternoon after work (about 4:00) and got good seats right near the kitchen where we could watch everyone working.  We really wanted to like the place, but it just didn't live up to expectations.Initial observations:   1. The wait time was short--only about 5 minutes from the time we got in line until we were seated.   2. It's a hundred and a bazillion degrees outside--why is the line right next to flaming "artwork?"   3. More tacky outfits for the hostesses and waitresses.  We understand the premise, but they just aren't flattering; at least not on the women here.   4.  Hostesses are carrying around the iPad paperweights just like at GR Pub & Grill.  We thought we'd be looking at them to order our drinks, but after seating us, she took it with her.It was only a few minutes after being seated that the waiter showed up and took our drink orders.  I thought that this was also a bar where I could order a bear with my burger, but apparently not.  No beer in sight on the menu--strange since they have beer glasses for sale at the front of the restaurant.  Learned later that yes, the airhead that was our hostess was supposed to leave the iPad with us.  Of course, our waiter (who never gave us his name) didn't even ask about alcoholic drinks or let us know that they were available.  We thought we'd order different burgers and split them between us so we could sample more than one while we were here.  Brenda ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger (avocado, jalapeno, and roasted tomato) without the jalapeno, and I ordered the Farm Burger (duck bacon, fried egg, and French cheddar).  We also ordered both the sweet potato fries and the truffle Parmesan fries.  We had them bring the fries out first so we could snack on them while we waited for the burgers to arrive. The waiter left with our order and we never saw him again until it was time to pay the bill.While we waited for our food we watched the drama in the kitchen.  One of the food runners must have been having a bad day because every time we saw her in the kitchen area she was crying and the expediter was spending his time consoling her.  Another of the employees working the pass was so short that she couldn't reach the food that the staff was putting under the heat lamps.  We watched two orders of fries sit there for the 15 minutes it took to get us our food.A food runner brought us our fries and we think she was explaining what the different dipping sauces were that came with each order.  The Parmesan fries come with an aioli mayo and ketchup and the sweet potato fries come with some sort of jalapeno dip and a powdered vanilla sugar.  The sweet potato fries were excellent--nice and crispy although Brenda thought the sugar made them just a bit too sweet.  The truffle Parmesan fries had good flavor, but were limp and soggy without any hint of crispness; almost as if the oil they were cooked in wasn't hot enough.  I enjoyed the sauces that came with both fries.  Brenda really didn't care for either and thought they overpowered the sweet potato fries.When our burgers arrived, we cut each and half to share.  Both burgers were cooked as ordered--medium on the Hell's Kitchen burger and medium rare on the Farm.  The Hell's kitchen burger was OK, but nothing to get excited about.  The burger itself was seasoned well; however, it just lacked that wow factor.  It could be that the jalapeno was supposed to add that, but unfortunately, not everyone can eat jalapenos.  The Farm Burger was fantastic.  As soon as we sliced into it, the egg yolk oozed down the sides.  This is one burger you probably want to eat with a knife and fork. The duck bacon added a nice smoky flavor to it, although Brenda thought it was a bit heavy for her tastes.All during dinner, one of the busboy/runners kept our drinks filled at all times.  He was by our table when our waiter finally showed up to give us the check and noticed the card was from USAA and immediately struck up a conversation about the military.  Semper Fi, Marine!  You were the only bright spot out of the entire wait staff.  When the waiter came back with the receipt and card, he made the mistake of handing it to me and ignoring Brenda (who was paying the bill).  If we hadn't found out from the Marine that they pool tips here, this waiter would have gotten a big fat zero tip.All in all it wasn't a bad experience--it just wasn't what we were expecting after eating in Ramsay's other restaurants.  The food was ok, but for the price it should be a lot better than Red Robin.  The service, with the exception of one person, pretty much sucked--not sure if the Culinary Union has their hooks in this place, but if they do, that could explain the service problems.  Hopefully this will be like GR Pub & Grill and the second visit will be better than the first.
3	I would love to give this place 5 stars but the seating experience and lack of organization in the front of the restaurant brought it down quite a bit.  The food...excellent.  Burgers were cooked how they should be an the sides are extremely well done.  We stood in the 2 top line for around 35 minutes after being told it would take on 15-20.  I get that this is a hot spot but the three young girls at the front had no clue what they were doing.  The lack of management and/or direction from anyone with authority was evident.  Once seated, the server took a while to get over, again, I understand because it's busy, but when you see other servers busting their hump with the same amount of tables, it's disconcerting.  It took a good 5-8 minutes to get drinks and when we ordered those, we knew ordering food at that same time was the better choice.  Food came out in reasonable time considering it's a gourmet burger restaurant.  I think the server came back once and it was less than 5 seconds.  We spent more time with the runners than her.To the meal....man, it was good!  I had the hell's kitchen burger and my wife had the american.  Both came out a perfect medium rare.  The buns were to die for, a perfect combination of flavor and texture.  To top it all off, the onion rings and parmesan fries are top notch, if I were to go back, I wouldn't order both because of size and would have a hell of a time deciding.Paying was ok, I like that they have a survey in the bill holder that you can fill out right away, very classy and allows you to communicate your like or discontent before you forget.  All in all, it was good.  Had I not gone to Gordon Ramsey's Pub and Grill earlier in the week and had such a wonderful experience, i'd write the Brit and his restaurants off altogher.  However, if given the chance again, I'd go to either in a heartbeat.Get there early and you should be fine.  We went Sunday morning and it was packed by 1130a.
5	A delicious burger. Theyre sweet potato fries and truffle garlic fries are also amazing!! The nice thing about this place is that although there was a wait when we arrived, they took my cell phone number and we were free to wander around the casino until our table was ready. We got a text right when they said we would and had a great experience.
5	this place was a perfect blend of AMAZING food, great atmosphere (open, lively, bright, etc), and awesome staff. The waiter, Brian with glasses, i think, was hilarious, and had quite the sense of humor. Not somewhere to go if you are moderately uptight, its a laid back, reasonably priced (for vegas) restaurant. i am so glad we went and checked it out, and i really recommend it to anyone who stops in vegas. The burgers are bomb.com (i dont say that often), and the fries are so good (even if you are a hard-core healthy eater, you'll throw away your food morals for the burger and fries). Also, great selection of brew! two thumbs up!
5	This place was everything you would expect from Gordon Ramsey. Food was delicious, service was excellent. Definitely recommend sitting at the counter where you can watch the chefs at work.
5	Well done Gordon Ramsay! He never fails to impress me. I went to Burgr with my husband to check out the food and the service because I really like Gordon Ramsay's work ethic and his food. First of all the decor and everything was super cool and impressive. Very simple and easy to choose menu with a picture of Gordon on the back. The clothes/uniforms that the servers wearing were also cool. Dark denim jeans and button up shirts for the guys and full zipper short tight dresses for the girls. Very hip and young staff. I ordered the euro burger and my husband ordered one of their foot long hot dogs.  5-7 mins later our orders are in front of us and we were really impressed by the quick and friendly service. I ordered my burger medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. We also ordered the sweet potato fries which comes with a light creamy sauce and powdered sugar. It was also pretty good. The only thing thing that amazed me was the manager actually came to our table and asked us about the food and how we were doing, is there anything that she can do for us. When you get a treatment like this at a restaurant even if you ordered some fries and burgers, you actually feel very appreciated for choosing them and being their customer. Young staff, great food, excellent service I give this restaurant 5 starts! Definitely try and go here. P.S; The restaurant is inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel on the strip.
2	I was really disappointed.  I ordered the Farm Burger, medium rare.  It looked nice, the egg was nice and runny, it was cooked correctly, but it tasted bland.  The bacon wasn't crispy, and the burger lacked flavor.  I had been planning on trying a milkshake, but I didn't want to spend $9 and be fooled again.  In Vegas, there are just too many choices to deal with below average food.
4	Long wait (and that seemed to be consistent) to get in, long service once you're in, but the burger is pretty damn good.  It definitely is a gourmet burger - don't expect that classic "junk burger" some of us crave before we head off to a burger joint.  I ordered the jalapeno burger which had just enough spice, and so much flavor.  The burgers here are reasonably sized, and I'm pretty sure I ate all of mine.  Buns (which are so important!) were perfect. My boyfriend had the American burger, and that was equally as good.  Thennnn there are the fries. Not the biggest fan of truffle fries, so I can't say these are my favorite.  But the ketchup was a nice touch - curry ketchup and regular catchup to choose from.I am a fan, but I would go elsewhere for a burger since the wait times here are a bit absurd.
4	The burger menu was disappointingly small. You'd think for a place called "Burgr" they'd have more than 6 (I think) burgers to choose from. I wasn't in love with any of the burger descriptions on the menu, but I got the blue cheese one and it was excellent. Cooked to perfection as well! We got the truffle fries to share for the table and they were pretty good, but I would've preferred just regular fries.The milkshake though... Oh man I devoured that thing. My boyfriend and I got the banana-snickerdoodle one to share but it was SO good I drank most of it. It had custard in it, whipped cream, and topped with a thin cookie. I would come here and wait in line just to get a shake, it was that great.The first time I came here I got the hummus snack plate. Very impressed with the bread and vegetables and it was refreshing to see a healthy starter item in the menu that wasn't a salad.Service was a little slow both the times I was here, but it was really packed both times. Very cool atmosphere as well, I like how you can see the cooks in the kitchen, like the perspective of Ramsey's tv shows.
3	Through no fault of Gordon Ramsay's, I had a very odd experience at Gordon Ramsay BurGR, and I will definitely have to give this restaurant another chance on another occasion.It all began when we rolled up at about one p.m. on a Saturday. I was very much looking forward to trying this place as I am quite the connoisseur of delicious burgers and truffle fries. We stood in a very long line for a bit next to an elaborate fire display (not feelin' the fire, by the way, because it was about 120 degrees outside as is). The hostess eventually came around to take our names and told us that it would be about an hour wait."That's no problem at all," thought we. "We'll just head over to the bar to kill some time." Famous last words.We headed deeper into the Planet Hollywood casino and found ourselves ordering up at Fat Tuesday. Not a wise decision. At all.By the time we were seated at our Gordon Ramsay BurGR table, we were already crossing over from pleasantly buzzed to quite unintentionally intoxicated. Woe.Still, we ordered two of the truffle parmesan fries for the table and a burger each. The fries ($11) were absolutely fantastic. The parmesan topping was fabulous, and the truffle aioli dipping sauce they were served with was to die for. Two orders were probably excessive on top of our already uneasy conditions, but they were certainly delicious enough.The burgers took some time to come out, and unfortunately for me, I was no longer in the mood to feast upon my blue cheese burger ($14) when it was placed before me. From what I can recall, it was well-cooked and very tasty (albeit rather plain). Though "gourmet," these burgers aren't very daring. They are simple burgers, average sized, and topped with typical add-ons. There is not much that makes them stand out.But maybe I was just drunk. My apologies to Mr. Ramsay. I will have to give BurGR another shot -- this time after fewer shots.
3	For this place to have Chef Ramsay's name on it, I wasn't too impressed. To be honest I can get a better burger at 5 guys and for half the price and wait time. You get 3 stars Chef Ramsay, now piss off!!!!
5	Amazing Burgrs.
4	The truffle  parmesan fries were soo delicious
4	Good chicken burgers and a huge amount of fries. We ordered the truffle fries and the sweet potato fries for two people. Way too much but delicious. We ordered the wings as an appetizer and they had an awkward flavor. I advise avoid apps and stick to the grs
2	Ramsay needs to film an episode of Kitchen Nightmares here.  The food and service are nowhere near what he should be offering from a restaurant with his name on it.Service was slow.  Our waitress went on lunch before our food came out we were told.The soda was really flat.  Im no soda snob, but both the root beer and pepsi were flat.  For $4.00 each,They should at least come with carbonation. Asked for a Miller Lite, 15 mins later got an unknown beer that was def not Miller Lite.Burgers were overcooked. MW when ordered Med.  Cheese was not melted.Fries were undercooked.Just overall not what you would expect from a guy who demands such high standards from the people he helps and trains. The best part was actually the Ketchup (Catsup) which is made in-house.Doubt I would eat there again just for that though.
5	A bits late getting this review in, just got tied up. Wait time was long but to be expected I suppose. Food was great, service is great also. Their presentations is clean and fits perfectly. The Parmesan fries were very good, a bit to much Parmesan cheese for my liking, but nonetheless very good. Sweet potato fries were fantastic and I really have not cared much for sweet potato fries from other places, kudos for the powdered sugar served with them. Ate there on Father's Day and will go back next time I am in Vegas.
5	Had a great time!  Great food! There is usually a significant wait 30-60 mins!  Be prepared to wait!
3	I wish you could give half stars, I would say a 3.5.I'll start off with the line, it was not that long but it took along time for it to move almost 15 minutes for me to get seated but that's because I was a party of one and got to sit at the bar or else I would have been there way longer. I didn't expect it to take long since I was seated at 11:45PM on a Saturday.It was quick to order and get my drink, since of course I was sitting right at the bar, but it was really long before I got my burger. I sat there for almost 45 minutes because I had to meet someone at 12:30PM and I got it right at that time. Luckily they were running late too so I had time to enjoy my food in the restaurant. During the wait though, the staff at the bar kept telling me that it will be out any minute and kept saying sorry for the wait which I find nice because they are at least acknowledging that it is taking a fairly long time.I thought the food was great, I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and it had a great kick because I like spicy foods. It really did satisfy my late night hunger and I was super happy with what I picked and maybe worth the wait but I still felt it was a super long time to get. I would say overall what brought up this place to so many stars was the food, I felt the service was okay at best but not good by any means.
3	So I was pretty excited about Burgr. I'm a bit of a burger snob, kinda like you have to be when your 30th birthday is approaching way too fast, and you realize that your diet suddenly (and strangely) demands that you no longer eat any old burger.So going to a burger joint is a big deal for me. And here are the initial thoughts on Burgr.It's just ok. I know, I know, I wanted better too. When you walk in, there's this giant photo of Ole' Gordon hands in the air, exclamation on his face, and you're thinking "I want to duplicate that after I eat my burger." But you can't, and you won't, unless you're one of those people under 30 who can eat any old burger any day, I'd say choose wisely and check out Burger Bar or Holsteins.The appetizers were alright. The sauce on the poppers was fantastic, the poppers themselves were just meh. Likewise with the chicken wings, the wasabi was alright, it was the sweet one that had a nice flavor kick to it.I got the Euro Burger and it was just too much on the goat cheese. I like goat cheese, but it was smothered in so much that the other flava flavs never had a chance to compete.The real winners if you choose to go here are these: the beer list (fun) and the truffle oil parmesan fries which were some of the best french fries I can recall having in a long time. The service was nothing impressive but nothing horrible, and the Oreo creme brule milkshake was alright, but nothing compared to the great ALCOHOLIC shakes at Holsteins! So if you're a Ramsy fan, check the place out. The burgers aren't bad, but for what you can get someplace else on the strip, they also aren't the go to burgers I was hoping for!
5	Place is elegant. There was a one hour wait time when we arrived at 6:30 on a Saturday. But they took my contact down and text'd me when the table was ready. So we were free to roam the casino. The location was obscured in Planet Hollywood and not located on the map. So it was somewhat difficult to find without guidance from a casino employee. We got seated and the server lent us an ipad for the drinks menu, which presented a wide variety of fine wines and cocktails.For appetizers we decided to try the truffle fries. The most amazing fries I ever had. The way the oil blends with the Parmesan is orgasmic. Paired with the homemade ketchup and black truffle aioli, nothing could compare.And what could possibly beat a gordon Ramsey burger? I ordered the chanterelle burger. It contained chanterelle mushrooms, argula, figgy-onion jam. Had it cooked medium rare, which in my opinion is the best way to cook a beef patty. The onions and the sweetness of the jam was paired nicely with the patty and the mushrooms. I couldn't ask for a better burger. It was gone in 60 seconds. I practically inhaled the burger without chewing.I recommend the place to anyone visiting Vegas.
2	Place is cool. Staff was friendly. Food is just ok. Nothing special. You would think this place had burgers that are to die for. Its not. I also tried the hotdog. Costcos hotdogs are better. no lie. A bit disappointed since I had such high expectations.
5	I really wanted to go to Burgr when it opened, but didn't get a chance to until the beginning of June, but it was really busy at the time, so I opted to go at a later time. I ended up going on July 2nd, and I was really excited to go because I love Gordon Ramsay. The menu isn't huge, but there is enough to chose from. I ended up getting the Yardbird, which is a chicken burger and the truffle fries. Needless to say, both were amazing and totally met my expectation. We only waited in line for about 15 minutes and go our food within 20 minutes of ordering. The waitress did an okay job, but she did make sure that we did run out of water or soda. I can't wait to go back and try another burger!
4	Foods really good just dont fill up on beer before like i did, but thanks to Ramsey restaurants I'm now a big fan of Innis and Gunn. both the ale @ burgr and the Stout @ GR Steak.
5	Freaking AMAZING !! this was one of the best burgers I have ever had. I would eat hear again and again. We went in the afternoon around 1pm and we had to wait about 10 min for a seat. The burgers were fresh and good combinations of ingredients for a unique flavor. If you are in the Plant Hollywood area top in
5	AMAZING x 10!!!  This has got to be the BEST burger I've ever eaten! I had the Brittania Burger with avocado, provolone cheese and a fried egg on top. I had the burger cooked medium and it just melted in my mouth. It took me a bit to eat the whole thing because it was sooooo juicy and sooooo flavorful that I just wanted to savor the flavors.  Needless to say, I at the whole thing and wasn't full at all ... it's just the perfect size for a gourmet burger.  We also ordered the Jalapeno Poppers and the Truffle Parmesan Fries ... both a MUST try!  You definitely will be back for more!!!  Probably one of my favorite restaurants ... ANYWHERE!!! :)If you have a little bit of time, put your name on the list at the front, walk or shop around for a bit and they'll text you when your table's ready.  Well worth the wait!  Enjoy!
2	I will never go here again. Our last day in Vegas -- I must admit, hungover -- and we just wanted some good food to end our amazing Vegas experience before going home. We walked by to see if there was still a tremendously long line like usual; but lucky for us, there wasn't -- or so we thought we were lucky.We were the first ones there so we were seated quickly for a party of 7. The restaurant started getting packed and 30+ minutes later, we still didn't get our food while everyone else that got there after us did. I finally talked to the manager and she brought out our burgers that came out COLD and rare when we asked for medium well. We waited THAT long for a sloppy order?! Are you kidding me? I talked to her again. We waited longer and our order came out BURNT. At this point, 2/7 just didn't want to eat their burgers. We ate ours out of hunger and headache, but it was a pain eating burnt burgers.Our bill came out and I was highly upset that the manager didn't cater to us at all. I had to request 50% off the bill because I was definitely not going to pay full price for wrong orders and horrible service. Instead, she took two burgers off and gave us free dessert. If you have excellent customer service, I shouldn't have to approach you for things like that. BJ's and Applebee's even does a better job in catering to customers. Their dessert that came out was disgusting, but who would deny free food? Not me! The only thing really good about this place were their fries. Other than that, this place is way too hyped up as a Gordon Ramsay place. Looks like he needs to do a better job with restaurants. My best friends tried his other restaurant the day after and had horrible service with the manager there too. It's just upsetting. C'mon... for a nice restaurant with great reviews, you should know to never mess around with a customer's food when they're hungry -- especially when they're also hungover! NEVER AGAIN. I could've settled with Earl's Sandwich even though I ate there for three consecutive days. Would've been so much better than this though.
2	I wanted to cry by the time I left this place. I'm a big fan and haven't been to any of his other restaurants so I was super excited to hunt this place down.I didn't mind the wait to get in but the hour long wait to get my burger on top of waiting an hour to get in was accompanied by waiting almost another hour after I had to send my food back.The problem? I ordered my burger medium-well but received it rare. I figured it would be a quick fix, especially since we were sitting at the bar overlooking the kitchen but it wasn't. On top of that, the service was pretty terrible. I don't think I saw the girl who was our server more than once. It wasn't until after I visibly looked upset that another server offered me coffee while I waited, which I was charged for. I was 3 hours in at this place by the time I got my food. At that point, I had told my boyfriend he could go wander if he wanted, which left me eating my burger alone with my fries that were now cold. They didn't comp any of the food and they definitely didn't show any reaction other than being annoyed during a busy night.I don't recommend going to this place. It seemed like they didn't care at all about providing good service or food cooked the way it was ordered since they seemed to be raking in money from tourists pouring in. Won't go back. Sucks...
2	~EAT SOMEWHERE ELSE & SAVE YOURSELF A SO-SO EXPERIENCE~We were really disappointed in the food and service we received.  We were, of course, excited to be eating at Gordon Ramsay's famed restaurant after having seen many of his programs. The hostesses in the front were very pleasant and professional, although their polyester cheerleading-esque uniforms were both horrifying and curious.  They seated us at a table after a 35-minute wait (this is 'short' compared to most nights).  Once seated, it took our server a more than the customary few minutes to greet our table.  When he arrived he dropped off an iPad, and rushed away to another table.  He could have asked us if we wanted water.  When he returned we were relieved when we were able to put our order.  We ordered an American Burger and Just Fries to share.  The burger was just okay, although a little economical on the meat portion, and the bun a bit too 'bready'.     The fries, however, were really disappointing.  The asking price of $9 for plain fries was definitely not justified.   They were dry, not hot and overcooked.  We tried to dip them in the sauces provided but that didn't help.  The sauces themselves were overly complicated and not to our liking. Our server did not return on his own to check on our meal.  We had to flag him down, to ask for a side of mayo in one last attempt to salvage the fries.  The back waiter returned with two ramekins: one with mayo and one with a truffle aioli.  Yes, truffle aioli.  Hello 10 years ago called and they want their truffle anything back.   We then tried dipping the fries in both of the mayos.  Again, they weren't sufficient enough to hide the dry, overcooked and luke-warm overall texture.We had decided we couldn't wait for another batch of fries.  We finished our burger and ate a few fries off the top because after our long wait in line, we were hungry.  By the end of our meal there were at least 3/4 of the fries left in the cone.  If they had been better, we would have definitely finished them.    We told our waiter the feedback on the fries, just so the kitchen could know.  He said he would take them off the bill, but that we "should've told him" and he "could have sent out fresh fries".  I have two issues with this: first of all, a Gordon Ramsay restaurant should never send out stale fries (Why did the expeditor do that? Food should be consistently fresh and good no matter what time it is. ), and second, a server should always simply apologize and ask what else s/he can do to make things better.  Our server made a cursory apology but his words and tone suggested he wasn't sorry and that we were somehow at fault.  He did not even ask us if we wanted dessert.  He dropped off the check without even saying "thank you".  He only said "here you go".  We would have liked to have heard: I am very again sorry about the fries, would you like some dessert on us? Having over 20 years experience in the restaurant industry, I was truly disappointed and shocked that BURGR doesn't have better trained staff and  excellent and consistent food.  I am sure Gordon Ramsay would have been equally disappointed with our experience.  We will not be back as a result of our encounter at BURGR.  This is our first, and perhaps last Gordon Ramsay restaurant experience.
4	The reason why I didn't adore Gordon Ramsay BurGR as much as I should have is no fault of my burger, the restaurant, the wait, or the man himself. The fault is entirely my own.I rolled in around 2 PM because I overslept and we had to wait for an hour. Luckily, GRB texts you when your table is ready, so we went off in search of drinks. One visit to Fat Tuesdays later, I get the text message and we drunkenly ordered two orders of truffle parmesan fries and our burgers.Now, two orders of fries is a little (a lot) extreme. You don't need two. But oh my god, these fries are delicious. And they come with this unbelievable truffle aioli that I want to dip everything into. If I only knew how to make one thing in my life, I would want to know how to make this truffle aioli. I ordered the farm burger, which comes with an egg and some sort of duck bacon, which made me excited, because I love duck. The burger was very good, the egg was perfect, and the bacon was disappointing because it didn't taste like duck, but whatever. The only problem? I was so full of alcohol that I really didn't enjoy the burger as much as I could have.Well, it looks like I'll just have to find another excuse to come back!
4	Loved it!
4	The burgers are good, but the beer battered onion rings were awesome.  The shakes were good, and customer service was also good.The line getting into the restaurant took about 15-20 minutes, as well as it took a while for us to get the food.  This isn't a surprise in Vegas, but in my opinion, I'm not so sure if the food was worth the wait?
4	I liked this place a lot!  Do yourself a favor, sit at the bar and order the Hell's Kitchen Burger! The bartenders have great personality and work as a team so it is like having 3 waiters vs. one!  The burger is to die for and if you have room, get the Oreo shake, that thing is so good it should be illegal in all 50 states!
5	YUM! Hubby and I split the blue cheese burger and we added duck bacon.  Wished after the fact that we had both ordered our own! The sticky toffee pops where also delish!
5	Awesome. Everything was great and I rarely eat hamburgers. Service was on point and fast, no fluff. Drink refills automatic. Had the euro burger and sweet potato fries. If you want a good burger and experience, go here. Expect long lines at night or make a reservation or go during off peak hours.
1	we were the forth couple in line at 11 am. very,very long wait. fries were extremly salty, my burger was over done and bland.i would have sent it back but the wait staff never came over to check untill i was almost done.  we ate about half the fries and my gilfriend found a hair. while waiting on the waitress and the manager a light fixture fell out of the ceiling at the table next to us. the manager finally came over and tried to explain it wasnt a hair it was something off the potato bag?? and they were tring to resolve it with the vendor??? dont they wash the contents first?? they did take off the fries on the bill... dis reguard the hype ... i wont go back.
2	It's painful to give BurGR two stars, but based on my experience on 07/08/2013, it was deserved and warranted. Since my first visit on 03/14/2013, I have been RAVING about this place. I even stated that it was my Top 5 favorite burger and fries! It was a big deal. Which is even more of a reason it was so disappointing to receive the horrible quality of food and service the second time.The hostesses were gracious and the wait time was accurate, very respectable. Our server was very kind, but as the meal went on, it was clear that he didn't care very much. Our water glasses would empty without even a glance from our server or any of the many bussers walking around. It was like being ignored and unfortunately, it wasn't just our table! I ordered the Farm Burger, medium rare. I'm usually worried about the proper cooking of my steak/burger, but it was perfect during my first visit, so I didn't even think about it. Yeah, I should have worried. It was disappointingly medium and slightly dry. Sad. Everything else was really nice on the burger though! My friend ordered the Euro Burger (which I had last time) and we didn't realize at the time that it didn't come with one of the burger's main components: the oven-roasted tomato (and now that I think about it, the aioli seemed nonexistent as well..)! Why did that happen?! It wasn't until I looked back at photos from my first visit that I realized it was missing! We both ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries because of my recommendation and again, disappointed. I received a batch of dry, overcooked fries. So sad! My friend's fries were really good and the truffle aioli was awesome!So after the meal, we asked to have our burger and fries boxed, which our server was happy to do. When he came back, I had this weird feeling that I should check the contents (probably because of the "stellar" experience preceding this moment) and surprisingly, my burger was missing! Seriously, what is going on??Finally, when our server brought back our leftovers, he was ready to get our check without even bothering to ask if we wanted dessert. It's really not a deal breaker, however, I know most restaurants want their servers to ask if diners want to consume more food and beverages (he didn't ask if I wanted another cocktail either) or at least suggest dessert. Not a pleasant experience. The fries are still some of the best fries ever, but it's tough to think about ever going back after everything that happened. Sad to say.
5	Perfection. The way all the flavors are brought together yum. Love the sweet potato fries also.
2	Really if I spend over $100 for a simple burger meal for 4 it should be spectacular and this was not.   Burger was tasty but dry, no sauce of any sort on the burgers, we ordered three different. The service was just adequate  I had high hopes, love burgers and this was my choice for birthday meal, and its Gordon Ramsey!  He spouts off about his greatness but it sure wasn't all that.
4	The burgers were huge and delicious! I like that they are techy savvy and send texts when your table is ready....
5	Ordered the portobello burger. It was amazing. Full of flavor. Only thing that could have made it better is if Gordon had a Vegan (egg free) bun. Our server was friendly, funny and provided great prompt service! The wait can be a bit long at times but the experience is worth the wait.The restaurant is located immediately off the casino floor of Planet Hollywood and you can also access from Miracle Mile shops. Cool decor and moderate prices (12 burgers if memory serves right)  Will be back for sure!Please thumb up/comment if you liked this review and I would count it a privilege if you chose to follow me as I review places I travel and visit. Thank you for taking the time to read! ~mp
4	I eat a lot of burgers. This is because I love them, and Southern California continues to crank out one boutique burger joint after the other. That last part is relevant because if you live in an area with a high concentration of good burger options, chances are you won't be overly impressed with Ramsay's Burgr. That isn't to say this is bad, or even mediocre, but it isn't providing something I haven't had already. For one thing, the lengthy line out front is barely justified. I had to wait over 30 minutes just to get a seat for a burger. I know it's all because of whose burger it is, still sucked. I started off with the truffle fries, which come with a garlic aioli and a fancy house ketchup. They were delicious, especially with the aioli. I wasn't too hot on the ketchup. To me, ketchup is one of those condiments that shouldn't be messed with too much. I don't use it often, but when I do I expect the flavor to be consistent. The blue burger seemed to be their standard offering, so I went with that. It's very simple, which allows for the meat to do most of the talking. It told me that it's tender and succulent and juicy, so I devoured it. The toppings only consisted of a little arugula and some blue cheese. The bun was excellent, some kind of seed-y, doughy bread. Could've done with a bit of a toasting on the inside, but that's only a minor complaint. Pricing was in line with what you'd expect at a "luxury" burger spot.  It's certainly worth stopping in if you're in town, but maybe not for repeat visits. Not with that line, at least.
5	The burger was delicious, also the veggie one.I liked the fries, but one order is enough for two.The pretty a polite waitress. The manager was careful and even accepted to take us a picture.If you are a Gordon Ramsey fan, you must visit BurGR.You will wait in line at least 30 min to get in, don't get desperate.
4	Went back again, had the cheeseburger. Same, I still don't like the meat, it's not juicy and fatty which is how I like my burgers when I'm eating out. The truffle fries though are still the best thing ever! I also had the sticky toffee pudding pops.. what the hell where these? It was a giant piece of ice cream and a 2 millimeter piece of cake.. I didn't care for it. I went for lunch on a monday, waited maybe 20 minutes... not terrible.  Overall it's still enjoyable, but I've had better.
1	Everything about this place reeks of Vegas: hot chics waitresses who show off their pretty young boobs, pretty boy waiters who chat and flirt with their fellow employees as the food in the kitchen sits, and waits....and waits.....and waits to be served. Ok, I ordered an American burger medium rare with fries and a beer. I was placed up front by the kitchen and could watch the dudes in the back making the orders. The food looked and smelled great! Alright, I was excited and ready to eat!But the orders, after being made, just sat there where the cooks placed the food. So many plates would fill up the area that they ran out of room to place them there; they'd start to shuffle the plates around to any available area.I got my 'burgr' and it was of good quality, but it was cold and not very appetizing. I told the airhead, pleasantly busty boobed waitress and all she could say was, "Um, ok. But its good, right? I mean, its cold, but its good, right?"Replying that it was cold and not what I wanted from a 'burgr', she told me that I had ordered it medium rare and maybe that's why it was cold. Hmmm........I gave up and tried the manager.Long story short, I chewed her out and got another 'Burgr' that was good, but after all the hassle I had to go through to get a decent meal I say screw this overhyped, inefficiently ran celebrity chef dumphole.AND, after this experience, I decided not to try any more Gordon Ramsay restaurants during my trip to Vegas.
5	This is the best place ever for an amazing dining experience! Make sure to ask for Alex with the glasses as your server. His knowledge of the menu is beyond compare, making your dining experience customized and one of a kind! Definately am coming back for lunch!
5	Woohoo! This place is great. I am going to have to say it was the best burger I have ever had. I had the Hell's Kitchen burger cook medium with a hazelnut coffee/chocolate pudding shake and sweet potato fries. Very busy so expect to wait unless you have a diamond card then you won't have to wait as long. It took us 15 minutes to get seated, the waitress took our order right away and the service was great.  Loud sport bar type atmosphere, well worth the wait and we are definitely coming back. A must go to for Ramsay fans!
4	My wife and I ate here several weeks ago. It's located inside Planet Hollywood Casino. I had a Gordon Ramsey Burger, which included jalepenos and was very spicy, just the way I like it. The burger was outstanding. My wife had a loaded hot dog which was huge, and after having a bite, I actually wished I had ordered the dog. It was that good. . I highly recommend this place.
5	The wait was like an hour long. This place was packed. The good thing about it was that they'll text you when your table is ready. So you can walk around the Miracle Mile shops until your table is ready.After finally getting a seat, I really liked the design of the place. The tables were all set up really nicely (the two seaters all in the middle). Gordon Ramsey's picture on the wall though was kind of over the top (at least that's what I thought). No need to promote yourself, we're already in your restaurant. Promote the food.I don't remember what burger I got, but it was pretty good. I remember I kept thinking so that's what a "gourmet" burger looks like and taste like. It was a bit pricey but not too much. We also ordered fries. Please note you can order 1 fries for 2 people as 1 order will be enough. It comes with 2 dipping sauces I believe.When I'm in Vegas and I'm not eating at one of the buffets, I'd probably come eat here again.
3	Very overrated.  We waited 40 mins for bells kitchen burger and a chicken sandwich.  Both were only okay.  Will not return.
5	We were there on July 4th at Planet Hollywood and the sweltering heat kept us from exploring other dining establishments outside.  We very rarely eat fries and burgers because when eating out,  I prefer to eat dishes that  would be  time consuming to make at home. We were pleasantly surprised with what we shared: Hell's Kitchen Burger, Truffle Fries and Oreo Shake.  More than enough food to share.Burger:  I liked the roasted jalapenos.  Roasted and peeled and thick sliced...(not finely chopped from a can).Fries:  Cooked perfectly (how can you mess up fries rt?).  Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and the grated fresh parmesan, truffle aioli, and truffle salt didn't hurt either.  I actually still crave those fries.Oreo Shake:  Creme Brulee layer on top was a plus.I would actually go back next time we are there.
5	I expected to hate this place, but I loved it.I'm not thrilled by the gourmet burger trend. And I am not a fan of Gordon Ramsay. I ate at his steakhouse at Paris and it did nothing to woo me. When I heard about Burgr, I honestly had no interest. As far as I was concerned it already had two strikes against it. I expected more of the same... all glory, but no guts. However, my husband had lunch there and had a highly enjoyable meal. He returned and again it was top notch, it was no fluke. So, he convinced me to give it a whirl.We dined Sunday afternoon for lunch. Shortly after opening a line had already formed. We waited just a minute or two before we were welcomed and told that we could receive a text when a table was ready rather than waiting in line. It's a nice touch. We opted to wait it out near the bar since we were told it would be about ten minutes for seating for two.I admired the beer selection while we waited. A wall of taps is always a beautiful sight to see. I was also impressed with how much restaurant they were able to fit in the old poker room and total rewards booth. They really did a nice job with the space. Soon we were led to our table and we reviewed the menu. GR is plastered on the outside. This is the glory, I spoke of before. Fortunately, as I opened the menu I saw a glimmer of guts. The menu is simple. I adore restaurants that take the approach to do a few things and do them well. Our waiter welcomed us and apologized that the iPad drink menus were down, we were in need of rehydration so H2O is all we wanted anyhow so no love lost. We asked to get started with an order of the jalapeno poppers while we perused the menu. Instead of only one fiery surprise, we asked that they all be hot and he happily obliged.The poppers arrived in individual shot glasses. No sharing of dipping sauce required. This was awesome. There were no popper jousting wars over the sauce and you could even double dip if you wanted. The poppers are coated with panko, which makes the breading light, crisp and crunchy and the best part is that they are filled with cheddar. I was thrilled they didn't ruin them with cream cheese. Cheddar is the way to go and these had robust flavor. The jalapenos were tender and not a drip of water or grease pooled inside. I like spicy so with the seeds they had a bold kick. It was the perfect popper. No joke.I wished another order was on its way, but I knew we had plenty yet to enjoy. We ordered the sweet potato and truffle fries. It's far too much for two, but I love sweet potato fries and the husband loves steak fries. Neither of us are usually to fond of the other. But these? They are an exception. I didn't use the powdered sugar and I could do without the jalapeno mayo because the sweet potato fries were just right on there own. Fried crisp, yet fluffy in the center and not the least bit greasy. I was in heaven. They even won over my husband because of the jalapeno mayo he loved the sweet and spicy mix. The truffle fries were intoxicating from the moment they arrived. The scent of truffle oil is unmistakable. I was afraid the fries might be soggy or goopy, but no crisp and fluffy. I'm usually hate on steak fries but these were pretty darn tasty, uniform with skins and maybe soaked in a salt water bath? I'm not sure of the secret that sets them apart, but well done. Homemade ketchup and black truffle aioli accompany the truffle fries, but no sauce is required.Now on to the burgers, the Chanterelle for him and Hells Kitchen for me. Now the chanterelle burger is misleading it comes with argula and figgy-onion jam, but the mushrooms are not the star, it's that figgy-onion jam that shines. The onions are so wonderfully carmelized the sweetness is stellar, imagine French onion soup wrapped in a soft chewy bun. The chanterelles earthy flavor was lost, but I'm not complaining as a whole it works. It was a fantastic burger! It's just that the figgy onion jam is undersold. My Hells Kitchen was grilled to a perfect medium and had a great bun to meat ratio just like the Chanterelle, but it was the weakest link of the meal. Don't get me wrong it was a good burger with asadero cheese, avocado and jalapeno. But I wanted heat, with a name like Hell's Kitchen I was expecting a fiery bite, but it was a wimper. Heat didn't even register with my tastebuds. We weren't planning to get dessert, but watching the shakes go by was too tempting especially after a second look at the menu. The Oreo shake was right up my husband's alley and the hazelnut and coffee was made for me. We took the shakes to go. They were the ideal cool treat for a hot day. Creamy and luscious from the pudding.Prices are on par with the gourmet burger joints, but this one actually warrants the price tag. Service was great even though the restaurant was slammed. Guts and glory, well played Burgr. Well played.
3	I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan and have been waiting to try this place out. We finally got around to it and I was a bit disappointed.It was hard to choose whether to give this place 4 stars or 3. I went with 3 for a few reasons.  When we were finally towards the front of the line, a couple in front of us returned to the front.  They told us that they were going to be seated next to the fire and it was way too hot. So the hostess said "next 2!" (which was us) and ran off.  When we didn't follow her, she turned around and gave us the rudest glare.  If she didn't run off she would have heard us try to tell her that we would rather not sit next to a fire.  Vegas already feels like fire 24/7, who wants to be even hotter?  Her attitude was such a turn off and put me in a bad mood.We proceeded to get sat a few minutes later. After almost 10 minutes of sitting there without being greeted, I started to look around.  We weren't the only ones who were clearly ready to order and didn't even have drinks.  Maybe they should put more people on the floor??We ordered the jalapeno poppers $12.  They were good.  I really liked the cheddar ranch dipping sauce.  I ordered the Farm burger $15 (duck breast bacon, english sharp cheddar, fried egg).  It was delicious although a tad overcooked.  I also ordered the truffle parmesan fries. Sooo good!! BUT they were undercooked.  I thought they would be hot and crisp, instead they were soggy.  What a disappointment for $11.  There's plenty of places that sell truffle parmesan fries for $4... Although the flavor of these were by far my favorite.  I loved the truffle aioli that came with it.  My mouth is watering just thinking about the fries (especially how good they would be if they were cooked right).  My bf ordered the hell's kitchen burger $14, which he liked.  But he said he should have added a fried egg and bacon on it.  For drinks we got a blue moon $7 and a cocktail $11.  I can't remember what the cocktail was called.  Although it was tasty, it was literally a mike's hard with a shot of whiskey. Service was okay. It's a "take your order and drop the check" kind of restaurant... Would I return? Not sure. If I did I would skip the drinks and the appetizer. For an appetizer, two burgers, a fry, and two drinks our bill was $80.  Very pricey for an okay experience.  Oh! Also, we were told it would be a 45 min wait, it only took 20 min to get seated. Maybe the 45 min included the time it took our server to greet us and have someone bring drinks. Also, we were not offered the "we will text you when your table is ready" option.
5	I loved Burgr.  The night before we went to Holsteins (which will be another review) and I preferred Burgr over Holsteins.We went for lunch and had to wait about 15-20 minutes. Not bad.  We ordered the truffle parm fries, I had the Chanterelle burger, husband had the farm burger, and brother in law had Hell's Kitchen burger. I ordered mine medium rare and it was perfect. The figgy onion jam gave it a really nice sweetness but nothing overpowering. I much preferred this burger to my Holsteins burger. The truffle fries....oh the truffle fries.  So good I couldn't stop eating them, with the truffle aioli. I was so full but just kept picking at them because they were so good.Husband liked his but preferred Holsteins burger. Brother in law really liked his.I would definitely come back here for another great burger!
3	Oh Ramsay we expected the best burger we'd ever had, but honestly we've had plenty better burgers out there at far cheaper prices and without the long one hour wait (longer for bigger parties like ours).The burgers themselves were just slightly underseasoned, not enough to complain, but not enough to really bring the flavor.  The buns used were too tall making it difficult to eat, and I wasn't a fan of the balance of the burger either.  I had the farm burger (16) and the white truffle fries (11) and a soda (4).  The fries were decent, much better than the plain fries, while the sweet potato fries were a bit too sweet really.  The fries are advertised as big enough to share, but honestly we had a table of 9 people who don't eat that much and we really needed 6 because we finished 5 sets without wasting a breath.  If you have a reasonable appetite you might want to order one just for yourself.So yeah not a bad burger, but for $31 + tax + tip for a burger/fries/soda combo I'd expect much better.  On the plus side the service was some of the best we've had.
4	In the land of overpriced and over-hyped restaurants, I'd have to give a big thumbs up to Gordon Ramsay Burgr for pleasantly surprising our group with delicious and moderately priced food. It was close to 11:30 on a Sunday night when the gang and I ventured down to PH for dinner. We were seated after a quick 5 minute wait without any shade thrown our way even though it was 30 mins to closing. Kudos for that! Here's what we ordered:Jalepeno Poppers -- MUST Pork Belly Baos -- Meh, can be skippedChicken Wings -- also meh and skippableFarm Burger -- YES! Burger topped with an egg-- what could go wrong with it?Oreo Shake topped with creme brulee -- it was good but too much creme brulee on topThe best part? The pricing was affordable. Good food without a hefty price tag? So rare on the strip!*Be sure to show your Total Rewards Card for a slight discount on the food!
3	More like 3.5 stars, but my burger really dropped it back to 3.This is a smaller restaurant, compared to Ramsay's gourmet steak house in Paris, but it is casual and more inviting. Service was good, and we ordered:Farm burger: The duck bacon honestly tasted like normal bacon. There really wasn't much of a change from "bacon burger." Still, quite a hearty meal, as bacon tastes wonderful, be it duck or pig.Earth burger: My portabello shroom burger was filled with these yummy shrooms, and it was bun-less, making it look slightly wimpier than my friends' burgers. I didn't mind though, but when I bit in, the shrooms were INCREDIBLY salty, to the point where I almost didn't want to eat it! Maybe I should have asked for no cheese, as it may have enhanced the saltiness of the shrooms, but oh man! It was also very oily (also possibly due to the melted cheese) and I really felt like I didn't have a good meal.Just fries: Definitely no soggy fries here. I think I would have preferred the fries to be thicker, but it was still good. The curry ketchup was the favorite at our table.Sweet potato fries: I normally dislike fries with sugar, but the vanilla powdered sugar really made the difference! Delicious, especially with the honey mayo. I killed this appetizer easily and with joy. Overall, this is a good restaurant, but I think next time I will need to ask them to halve the sodium and nix the cheese.
5	This was the best burger I've ever had. Everything was seasoned wonderfully, and cooked to perfection.  The average price per burger is $15.99.  Everything is ala Carte thought.  You must try Gordon Ramsey's signature dessert the Sticky Toffee push up pudding.  IT IS WONDERFUL!!!
2	I had high hopes for this burger joint but the food was just meh. We ordered the honey-pig bao buns and it seemed like we were just eating the bun! An order comes with two buns and the meat to bun ration was like 1:5 ! The smallest piece of meat ever with cucumber, radish, and cilantro that did not go well together at all. Yuck. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger that came with roasted jalepeno peppers, avocado, and oven roasted tomatoes which all sound like it would be a heavenly burger, right? Wrong! It didn't taste like 1 whole burger, but rather just eating parts of it together. The boyfriend got the chili dog which had roasted fresno peppers, jalapeno, cheese, avocado, onion, and chipotle ketchup. All sounds like amazing ingredients!! But the taste.. it did not marry well together at all. So disappointing. The truffle parmesan fries were the only thing that saved this meal.
3	I have to say I was expecting the best burger coming from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  I'm hoping it was just an error but the amount of salt in my burger made it seem like they were covering up meat that was soon to go bad!  Also I ordered it medium rare and it came completely overcooked.  The waitress was so busy chatting with some friends of hers she never came over to check on everything.  Definitely not the burger I was hoping for and Gordon would be embarrassed knowing this burger made it off the line.
4	High end burger joint.Good food but fries are not not included as part of the (overpriced) entree. You need to pay extra ($8-10) for fries on top of your burger of choice ($15-18). I would rather pay $20 and be guaranteed both, as per normal burger shop arrangements.Gordon Ramsey is everywhere in their branding and looks down approvingly like big brother. If you weren't convinced that Ramsey is an egomaniac, you now will be.
3	After watching all of Gordon Ramsey's tv shows, I had high expectations for Burgr. We tried the Farm Burger which had the duck bacon and the egg. I normally put egg in most of my sandwiches so it would make it more rich. But with that, the burger was bland.  the burger definitely needed cheese or something salty to balance out the neutral taste of an egg (like how eggs always need salt/pepper, soy sauce). For me the flavor of the burger was lacking in that department. I rarely say it but it def needed a tad more sodium :/ My group shared order of sweet potato fries and truffle parmesan fries. Truffle Parmesan Fries: I was expecting to love this but it was soggy and a bit colder than fries should be. I was disappointed that it was so soggy. and the flavors did not seem to come through for me. I barely detected any truffle. Sweet Potato fries: I was pleasantly surprised by how flavorful these fries were! The vanilla powdered sugar really boosted the flavor of the sweet potato! It was scrumptious and I normally don't like sweet potato fries very much. :] MUST try this!All in all, for the price, it's still pretty hefty for a burger but it's vegas. :/ I would definitely try something different the next time I come here.
3	First of all I love burgers and I love boutique burgers. So on my latest 3 day burger tour of Vegas this was my first stop.There's good and bad about this place, but one thing is for sure - it's somewhat overrated and and definitely overhyped.First, the service and the vibe are kind of lame. Very tourist trap vibe and very "Vegasey". I had the Farm burger and truffle fries. The fries were not cooked well and I didn't enjoy them at all. The burger patty was perfectly formed and beautifully cooked. The problem is that it's not all that flavorful...underseasoned, no good flame or smokey flavor. If it was better seasoned it would have been great. The bun is nothing to write home about. The egg was perfectly done. The bacon was decent.No condiments made the burger a bit dry, so I used the aioli and ketchup from my fries. The ketchup is "meh" and really shouldn't be messed with. The aioli was good.Lastly, the various burger concoctions on the menu leave something to be desired and are not al that imaginative. "Euro burger"???? Ever had a burger in Europe? Blech. Not only did I not have to make a tough decision, but there wasn't even one that jumped out at me as being "OMG I have to have that".So Burgr's burger is not a bad burger by any stretch, but for the money there are lots better burgers available. If you are a burger connoisseur then, really, skip this place and go to either:1) Burger Bar @ Mandalay Bay or2) Holsteins Shakes and Buns @ the Cosmopolitan.Both offer far more satisfying burgers that were memorable, different, and deliciously satisfying. Leave Burgr to the less experienced, the more easily amused and go elsewhere.
5	LOVED THIS PLACE!!I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan and have been wanting to go to one of his restaurants. This is the firs one of his that I have been to and it was GREAT! We came on a Monday night around 9:45-10:00. They said the wait would be about 45 minutes but it surprisingly was only about 20! We got seated and we were greeted right away by our server Callie. She was excellent.Appetizers- we had the Jalapeno Poppers- definitely reccommend! The presentation of them was great as well as the taste and the ranch sauce that it was dipped in. They make their ranch with Sour Cream with was so good! We also got the Onion rings- very good too and the chipotle ketchup was quite delicious!Burgr's- I ordered the Britannia Burger it was sooooo good! The mango chutney sauce on it was delicious and the meat was cooked perfectly. The other favorite Burgr at the table was the Hells Kitchen Burgr- looked very good too!Overall a great restaurant, with great food and excellent service. I love the atmosphere and I am looking very forward to coming back again and to Gordon Ramsay's other restaurants in the future! Keep it up BURGR!!!
5	I travel to Vegas several times a year, and Burgr was on my list of things to do this last trip. I took a couple of friends there with me. We all had the Farm Burger. It was amazing! It was cooked perfectly and had so many flavor profiles. I had really high expectations and they were met! I will be going back next time (August) for sure! Good job Gordon!
5	I came here on a Saturday night in the summer around 930. They quoted us a wait time of 70 minutes. We had our hearts set on this place, so we said we'd wait. But the best part was that they take your phone number and text you when your table is ready. This was awesome! We got to hang out in the casino and get drinks until our table was ready. Once we were seated we were shown the drink menu. The drinks all looked amazing. Unfortunately, I was the DD for the night. We ordered parmesan (sp?) truffle fries and they were AMAZING! No joke, the best fries I've ever had in my life. The burgers were absolutely delicious. They were cooked to perfection. I hardly ever order a burger medium, and get a burger medium. It's always too well done. But this was perfect. Two friends I was there with ordered their's medium rare and you could see that theirs were absolutely medium rare and noticeably different from my medium. My husband and I keep a list of our top 5 burger places (similar to 'the list' from Friends), and this place shot to the top. We also ordered the Oreo shake and the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. Sticky toffee pudding is one of my all time favorites, but it was not at all good here. The shake was good, but I wish they had a malt option. Still, the sub-par desserts weren't enough to detract from the 5 star rating. Also, the servers' outfits are absolutely hideous, truly the most unflattering ensemble I could imagine for a server, but that's my only real criticism, which is hardly relevant at all.
4	Truffle fries and sweet potatoes fries were okay. Onion rings was delicious!! Burgers were great! It was "you get what you're paying for" and they have the best shake I ever had!! Service is kinda inattentive... we had to remind them three time about our fries order. I would definitely come back.
1	Do not waste your time!!!!Standard here is nothing like what you see him demand on his show. Took an hour to get a burger and it was not busy. Order was wrong . So she went in the back and just pull things off burger that I did not order. Then when I asked her if that was what she did she said yes ...then waited agin and it was wrong again. Onion ring are dripping in grease.The staff here is hopeless ... Not a clue on how to serve.  Maybe Gordon should spend some time here and work on his on restaurant .I so wanted to love this place..... Could have gone to In and Out burger
5	EXCELLENT FOOD! Try the push up pops!!! Wait was only about 20 mins, line moves fairly quickly. If you have a party of 3 or more they will send you a text message when you are ready to be seated. Great service!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!
5	Everyone in our group had different burgers and there was not one unsatisfied soul despite our high expectations. All-round verdict was that the burgers were beefy, just like how a burger should taste. Sure beats In-n-Out Burger... don't think I'll be going to in-n-out anymore...Parties of three or more can leave their number and get a text message when their table is ready, which I thought was pretty neat as we could just walk around the PH casino. Parties of two have to stay in line but line looked like it moved pretty quick.
3	We had a party of 7 and waited for 2 hours to be seated on a Saturday night without a reservation - we sat down to eat at 10 p.m. (not complaining just explaining that yes, it's that long to wait).  It's cool because they use a text messaging system to notify you about 10 minutes ahead of time before you are about to be seated.  And when they say it's going to take about 1:45 to 2 hours, they are not kidding at all.  The food was great.  The waiter initially was good.  The appetizers came out in a flash, drinks as well.  Then as someone said in their review things went a little downhill.  One of the helpers was really great - the one who brought us our drinks.  But the other one who helped bring out plates or whoever she was - was like some sort of bulldog on a mission.  I respect being in a hurry but I'm sorry, we did not wait 2 hours to be treated like we're an inconvenience.Right before our food came to us,  I noticed there was this woman sort of training some other girl who helped out with our table - she hadn't helped before that so it was sort of confusing who was helping us - our waiter did let us know one girl was helping with plates but it wasn't her.  The woman who came up as a surprise to help was very gruff (dark straight hair, a little above her shoulders - looked older than the others).  For example, when we asked for silverware (this is just one example btw) and asked for a couple of knives and forks (because gee we didn't have any), she came back with a bunch of knives and one fork and dumped them next to my sons plate then quickly walked away.  Short of saying "here, now quit bothering me because I have this girl following me around the restaurant."  Also another time, when she brought out the two missing sweet potato fries, she wedged them on the table not asking where they should go and sort of just pushed things aside without asking who they were for or apologizing for those who's plates she was pushing around.  Then she also had no eye contact or the care to ask if we needed anything else (maybe asking us and helping is not her job - I'm not sure).Before that, one of the servers took away the iPad that they give you to place your dessert order without asking the adults or anyone at the table if we placed our orders.  The idea of the iPad is to place your dessert order ahead of time I guess - to add that sort of technology flare but it's basically a clunky overzealous menu in my opinion.  None of us had any room to put the thing anywhere on the table so it was a hot potato cumbersome annoyance.  Not a big deal but you add that with the lady dumping silverware next to my kids dinner plate among other little things, all the nit picky things that I sort of overlooked after waiting two hours to be seated come to the surface.My sister's burger was dry (but at the same time when you order it well done you run that risk - but at burGR - is that acceptable?).  Mine was a little dry for medium and pink but I was fine with it.  The food was good (I have more positive things to say towards the end here). Our waiter was good overall so don't get me wrong.  But don't expect to wait for 2 hours and travel a long way in anticipation of receiving service or an experience that is 5 stars - not if you get the same experience we had anyway. I want to give this a 4 star but I just think that the food being a little dry and silverware dumping along with a brash helper is not enough to give them 4 stars.  I don't think we will be back but it was cool to be there and try out their food - my boyfriend and I have recently become big Gordon Ramsay fans and HULU has made us watch all the recent Hell's Kitchen, Master Chef, and Hotel Hell episodes (even past ones!).  As for the food, the jalapeno poppers were hotttt (but so good) - the jalapeno's are fresh and not frozen - we love that Gordon Ramsay believes in fresh foods.  The onion rings were pretty good too.  (Had to throw in some positive and things to suggest before I end this sort of meh review).  And also my 12-year old son who is a burger lover turned to me after the first bite of his American Burger and looked me in the eyes and said, "This.  Is.  Delicious."  So I feel it was worth the wait (we shopped while we waited) but expect to be a little irritated by some unacceptable service glitches, personality flaws and maybe burgers that are a little dry.
1	It is not worth the wait It's not worth any wait. It's burgers, and if you can't make a decent burger, your not human. The staff is robotic. The bartenders act like they're in a cool guy club.  Little secret, skip the line and go right to the bar. You can order right from there but they act like they are going you a favor by tending bar. If you like looking at pictures of a boobie English dude ( they are all over the place) while eating a mediocre burger, soggy fries...go for it. Best bet, take a ride to in and out burger.
4	Whoever came up with the esthetic concept of this restaurant needs to take it down a notch or twelve.  I can't imagine that Gordon Ramsay REALLY wanted his name and face on literally every printable surface.  Sure, the guy has a reputation in the business for having kind of an ego, but this is a little much, even for Vegas.  Dude does a good burger, even if my medium-rare order came out medium (hence, minus 1 star).  Kelp Caesar salad was also very good.  The fries were so crispy that a few were actually kind of hard to chew, and the portions are definitely generous here.  Good service, uuuuuugly uniforms.  Ramsay, if you're reading this, fire the design team.
5	Ramsay, you did not disappoint! BurGR is one of those places that MADE my Vegas experience. This place seriously gave me one of the best burgers I've ever had! The burger creations were as eclectic as the place itself; the Farm burger being my favorite. The parmesan truffle fries were flippin' amazing, but it's best to share because they give you a lot of them (and you'll save on your bill!). Yes, BurGR isn't cheap, but the experience is well worth it. STEAK, you're next!
1	I had expectations that this place would be great, given Gordon's televised rants demanding perfection. Apparently he has a different standard for his own properties.   First, when I ordered my burger (which cost $15 with no sides), I asked for it to be cut in half. The waiter told me there was a knife on the table and I could do it myself. Then, it took over 30 minutes for the hamburger and $8 fries to arrive. I ordered the meat "medium well" and at least 1/2 the thickness of the inside of the patty was pink. Perhaps I caught them on a bad day, but I won't be back to Gordon's.
3	2.75 stars... but i'll round up.  over hyped.  super long wait... serviced sucked.  maybe our waitress had a bad day... but she wasn't friendly at all.  Food took forever to come out.  I tried 2 of the burgers.  the one with duck bacon and the spicy one.  Both were kinda dry.  They needed more flavor or something.  Felt like my hamburger may have sat around for a while.  it wasn't hot... like it just came off the grill.  Sweet potato fries were good.  The truffle fries... didn't really have enough truffle taste.   chocolate shake was good.  pass on the asian porky belly buns.  Mediocre at best.
5	me and 2 of my girls came here on a Friday afternoon for lunch.The awesome part of the process was they check u in and send u a txt when ur table is ready so u don't have 2 wait in line for an hour! LOVED that concept!So we walked around. . . 20mins, I received a txt that my table was ready!As soon as we sat down, we were greeted rt away by our amazing server, Alex!He was funny and friendly.  Totally made our day and experience that much better!We ordered the euro burger, maui onion rings and the truffle fries.OH MAHHH GAHHHH. . . the burger was so juicy and delicious! So much flavor!Really liked the maui onion rings! Wasn't a big fan of the fries.  We had 2 share the burger since it was so BIG (that's what she said!) amazing experience here! awesome wait time and process, amazing server, and delicious food! thanks for making this vegas trip UH-mazing!
5	Britannia burger was excellent, Chipolte ketchup and Parmesean ranch dip great
3	My wife and I came here one day for lunch, and we were a little disappointed. First the outside design is fantastic, fire inside a window and the design of it was just so interesting. One thing we didn't really like is that they seem to want to build up hype by creating a long line when there is no reason to. All the times we walked by (which was a lot because we were staying at Planet Hollywood) there was a long line, and the majority of the time the restaurant was basically empty and could have sat everyone in line. As for the food it was not really the best, we both had a burger, though I don't remember which because they were both pretty bland and unimpressive. The truffle fries were really good, though at times a tad too salty. The milkshakes were also a little different, instead of just a milkshake, they put custard on top of the milkshake, very different and I enjoyed that. I would not recommend going here for a burger, there are a lot of other places around the strip that have better burgers.
4	Went to eat here at 11pm on a friday night and the line wasn't too crazy long.  We had the jalepeno poppers, which were DELISH.And the hell's ktichen burger, which looked huge, but was pretty manageable and tasted pretty good.I was disappointed by the chili dog..the size of it wasn't disappointment but the taste. It was SUPER salty.  Decor was nice too.If you're a Total Rewards member, you basically get $1 off everything on their menu.  And the staff there were super friendly.
5	Place was amazing. We were told the wait was going to be 45 minutes for 2 people (on a Saturday at 7pm) and we went in 20.  Placed was packed! We sat at the counter so it was like sitting on "the Chefs" table. hehehe The Farm Burger was amazing and if you are goign to have an appetizer... you must try the chicken wings. The Honey-Wasabi was amazing!!
4	The Good: BURGERS - The Chanterelle burger is amazing!!! Arugula, mushrooms and grilled onions!! Burgers here are cooked PERFECTLY the way you order them. If you order your burger medium, the meat is tender and pink throughout. Beware then if you are ordering burgers based on how badly other restaurants interpret this scale. The burgers are also very flavorful--these aren't your lame Island's burgers over here.The Not-so-great:FRIES aren't great here. The dipping sauce helps to mask this. I feel they are stale and overcooked. Also the WAIT to get in can be difficult, however they will text you when your table becomes ready.
5	Absolutely delicious food and decent service. I was at a table with my boyfriend and a bunch of his guy friends and they ordered a ton of appetizers and sides, allowing me to try a girly bit of everything.Chicken wings are tasty and not too spicy. Jalapeno poppers were displayed a bit strange (like fingers sticking out of a shot glass) but also delicious and dipped in ranch to balance out the hot seeds inside. Sweet potato fries and regular fries were perfect and I really liked the curry ketchup.Burgers are HUGE and did not disappoint. I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger which I wished a bit spicier but still tasty and juice with flavor. I took a bite of the bf's Farm Burger and really enjoyed the fried egg that it came with. I think I liked that burger more than mine.  Shakes are too sweet for my taste when I took a sip of the bf's but everyone that ordered one seemed to enjoy theirs.Service was friendly but they could have been a bit more efficient with removing empty plates etc.
4	Yes. I love burgers. I love good burgers.This is the place to get good burgers.Service was decent and friendlyWait wasn't too bad actually - spent most of our time in line just goofing off. Me, thinking of Gordon Ramsay...haha.Burger patty was perfect! Loved the chantrelle mushroom burger...moist and just enough savory to it. One of the ketchup sauces had too much vinegar in it.I recommend getting two totally different styles of burgers and splitting with whoever you're with. ...Who doesn't do that though? ;PI would like to come back!
4	Tried this place for lunch on a Friday.  It sits just inside the Planet Hollywood Casino.  We had to wait about 25 minutes for a table.  When we got to our table, service was slow.  It took a long time for the food to come out.  I ordered the Hells Kitchen Burger.  It has jalapeno, avocado, cheese, and tomato.  It was cooked to perfection.  It was really good.  Also had the stuffed jalapeno appetizer, which was good.  The fries were just okay.  They have three different kinds of fries.  Sweet potato fries, truffle fries, and regular fries.  I had the regular fries and they were just regular.  The weird flavored ketchups they give you with the fries were not a hit for me.  A little pricey but I knew it would be being that its a Gordon Ramsay joint.All in all, I think this place is pretty good and worth going.  I would compare it to Eureka Burger as far as atmosphere and quality.
3	Was walking around Miracle Mile in Planet Hollywood. Saw the line and the thought how delicious a burger would sound.CHANTER BURGR ($16)- Basically a mushroom with arugula burger- great presentation of the burger- large and looked delicious- the first bite wasn't as satisfying as I thought it would be- the burger itself wasn't too juicy and didn't have that strong of a flavor- the mushrooms and arugula added a bit more flavor but not enough to compensate for the meat- overall the burger was decent but didn't feel like the $16 was worth it - I wasn't the only one that felt that way; a lady that was waiting at the slots next to be said she could get 5 burgers at Carl's Jr for the same price and would be a lot more satisfied! I wouldn't go that far but I could definitely get a better tasting burger at The Counter.SWEET POTATO FRIES ($9)- topped with powdered sugar served with a honey aioli- they were a bit soggy but still delicious- I would still order again but I do like some sweet potatoesSERVICE: decent but could be better. Initially the service was good. The waitress took my to-go order at the counter and gave me an estimated time of 25 minutes. After about 35 minutes I came back to check on my food and it still wasn't ready. It wasn't until the waitress went into the kitchen after I waited another 5 minutes that the food was done. I never got the text message, well because my food wasn't ready at the allotted time anyway.ENVIRONMENT: Great. The outside of the restaurant is very modern and hip. Even the menus are awesome.There is a bar area and the main dining room area. Everyone seems so jovial and happy to be there. As you line up into the restaurant there is interactive menu as well as fake flames to make the food seem even more delicious.Overall, I'm not taken aback by any of the 2 Gordon Ramsay (The London in West Hollywood and BurGR). The meals are decent but nothing that I would recommend people to. The burgers sound delicious on paper but aren't too special other than the great presentation. I would be coming back as I'm sure I can get other meals in Vegas at the same price and be completely satisfied.
5	I would give Gordon Ramsay BurGR six stars if I could.   I'm still gushing over the lunch I had there in January with a buddy about two weeks the place opened, which made it easy to get into (more on this below).  My burger was probably the best gourmet hamburger I've had to date, and I've tried lots of them in Vegas and elsewhere, e.g.: I Love Burgers (Palazzo), BLT (Mirage), Holsteins (Cosmopolitan), and Burger Bar (Mandalay/Luxor)From beginning to end, every member of the staff was professional and on his or her game.  There seemed to be a genuine desire to provide great service.  I found it to be very close if not equivalent to fine dining service.  The staff is obviously well selected and very well trained.  It's also a stylish, lively, fun place to eat some really terrific food.  There is, however, a rub.  Ramsay's restaurants are very popular, and when we tried to eat there during our recent summer trip, there was a line out the door that looked like it wasn't going to move very quickly, and we weren't willing to wait.  This was at about 2:30 p.m., by the way.
1	I'm a huge fan of Gordan Ramsay, so I was super excited about trying this place out.  The line to be seated was LONG, but that made me even more excited.  It took about 45 minutes for my girlfriend and I to finally get seated.  Once we ordered, it took about another 45 minutes for the food to come out.  We were thinking at least it means the food was super fresh and made to order.  When we finally got the food, it was such a disappointment.  Both our burgers were bland and the fries were horrible.  Our server wasn't really friendly at all, we got a little attitude when asking for regular ketchup.  In the end, I'm still a Ramsay fan, I love his shows but I'll never come back here again.
4	Hard to imagine a better burger in Las Vegas.  The place had an insane wait; we got there at 5pm and still waited for about 30 minutes for a table.  All the burgers were excellent --- the truffle fries and sweet potato fries were delicious.  Servers provided iPads to view the drink menus; nice touch.This place accepts Total Rewards points too, which is a plus.For a group of six that each got a burger, shared three orders of fries, and maybe one drink each, price was about 27 each.  Not bad.
5	This place is amazing. Our server was Paul, he was great. He became my Vegas best friend. I was completely drunk but that does not mean I was not able to know how amazing this place is. OMG! I WILL be coming back next yr when we return. It might be a wait, but all you have to do is tell them at the front that you have a party of whatever amount of people, they tell you how long the wait is, and you're set to go. We stayed across the street at the Jockey Club and sent someone over to put our name on the list. We got to relax in our room for the hour it took. Showed up, waiting about 5 minutes, and got a seat right away for all 7 of us. It was amazing. The drinks are BOMB!
4	After several disappointing Vegas meals, I had to try BurGR because I figured I'd at least have a decent, if not excellent, meal in one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants.1. We left our name at the front (party of two? wait in line for a table. More than that? leave your number and get a text message when a table becomes available. Go play slots and lose lots of money in the casino). Our quoted wait time was an hour and a half, but I was determined to make BurGR happen. Here's a weird thing, the first person in our party left her number and was quoted 1.5 hours via text message. The second person in our party also left her number just in case it made a difference, and was quoted just 1.25 hours... yet she left her name three minutes later than the first person.Still, very pleased that we could go hang out and have fun while we had to wait so long for dinner.2. Our servers and busboy were both really nice, sincere, helpful, and attentive. The waitress even switched in the middle of our meal, and the replacement waitress came over and introduced herself right away.3. The menu is pretty straightforward - elevated burger joint fare. Gourmet burgers, fries and onion rings, and shakes that are topped with complimentary pudding and spiked with a cookie. There's also an interesting-looking cocktail menu, although I didn't order a drink.4. I wanted to taste a good variety, so I got truffle fries, onion rings, a chocolate shake-caramel pudding combo, and the Chanterelle burger, rare. The only component of the burger that gave me pause was fig jam, but I figured Gordon Ramsay's team chose the flavor profile because it worked, so I went with it.NOTE: Burgers are ordered separate from sides, and so expect to spend at least $20 for the combo of a burger with fries.The burger meat was soft and tender, pink, and cooked correctly. The mushrooms didn't have too much flavor, and the fig jam wasn't my favorite. Overall, though, the burger was really good, and I was happy with it. I didn't finish it, only because I ordered so much other stuff.The fries were pretty good, but could have been slightly crisper. I didn't taste anything truffly about them. The dipping sauces were really good.The onion rings were excellent - crispy, light texture, with good flavor. They are topped with a dusting of (parmesan?) cheese, which wasn't strictly necessary, but it didn't take away from the awesome batter on the rings.The shake comes in a tall glass that is 3/4 milkshake, then topped with pudding. The cookie was spiked into the pudding, and was just flat and football-shaped and wasn't anything too special. The pudding was rich and yummy, but not addictive or anything. I ate a few spoonfuls but didn't finish it off. The shake was thick and rich.5. So overall, I really enjoyed my experience at BurGR, and the food was really good (not perfect, but solidly really good). It blew away the other Vegas burger joints I tried during my stay, and it was the best meal I had while in Sin City.
4	Get the Euro Burger - goat cheese, arugula & truffle aioli - simple, but delicious! Absolutely loved it and will be back to order again.The onions rings were large, but had too much batter. The parmesan truffle fries were overcooked, but the truffle aioli dipping sauce was to die!Was too full. I wanted to order a yummy looking shake, but would not be able to conquer. We checked in at around 1pm on a Friday and we were told it was an hour wait. They took our number and said they would text us. Cool, so we can walk around and shop in Planet Hollywood or gamble. 20 minutes later, they paged us. Awesome! The place is not that big, which is why the wait is probably long for some. I thought it was worth it though. Service was also awesome. Glad I got to try it.
3	In the past couple of Vegas trips, I was bombarded with so many advertisements for Gordon Ramsay's new burger spot at Planet Hollywood that I had my heart set on checking this place out. I was so excited when our group decided to go, but my excitement turned to disappointment after my first bite of my burger. There are so many better burger spots in Vegas.Food:1) Hell's Kitchen Burger consists of roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado, cheese, and oven roasted tomatoes. The patty was a bit overcooked than what I ordered and it was a bit dry. The first thing I noticed was that the bread was spongy, which threw me off. It just didn't go well with the burger overall. I think I would've rated the burger higher had a different bun been used. In addition, I can't justify paying $14 for that level and size of a burger without fries. 2 Stars**http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=wLuYs8aW3W1-xGoBhl1dKQ#JHKC0BPLK7zcydP_yMYlIg2) Truffle Parmesan Fries were some of the best that I've tried. I could actually taste the truffle and there wasn't too much parmesan cheese that it masked the truffle flavor. 4 stars****http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=wLuYs8aW3W1-xGoBhl1dKQ#-HoXHBgziWqfUPopOFdPVg3) Roasted Jalapeno Poppers were simply top notch! I would have to say that this is one of the best Jalapeno poppers that I've had so far. The cheese was simply amazing and the exterior had just the right amount of crispiness. 5 Stars*****http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=wLuYs8aW3W1-xGoBhl1dKQ#iMTTzSQznYIMRsJueVsFlg4) Fury Chicken Wings consists of 4 tangy hellfire blue cheese wings and 4 honey-wasabi wings. I really liked how the wings were very meaty pieces. However, the flavor was too tangy for my taste. The honey-wasabi wings were better, but I won't be ordering this again. 3 stars***http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=wLuYs8aW3W1-xGoBhl1dKQ#xaNXVkPms8gHggUGj4GELgService: 4 Stars****The hostesses were very friendly and efficient. The wait was over an hour and a half long, so we ordered to go. It was very convenient because after they took our order, they just texted us when the order was ready, which allowed us to gamble while we waited.
5	As a long time fan of Gordon Ramsay's televised work, I was extremely intrigued and excited by the prospect of eating at BurGR. I must admit the wait time was a little annoying, especially given it was 10:00 pm. However the scene, being placed in the center of the Planet Hollywood Casino was plenty stimulating to keep me entertained. I was very impressed by the pleasant wait-staff and the technologically savvy presentation of the menu - for example, they presented us with an ipad from which we could choose some of the most delicious cocktails I have ever had! My partner and I ordered the Brittania burger, the kale caesar and the parmesan truffle fries in addition to the skinny agave lemonade and the black cherry whiskey cocktail. Everything was DELICIOUS! The burger came with mango chutney, sharp cheddar cheese and arugula. My first bite took my breath away -  my taste buds were singing in heavenly harmony as the juices and the combination of taste and texture played a beautiful symphony on my palate. Hands down, the best burger I have EVER had in the entirety of my life - and I've had a lot of burgers!Given Gordon Ramsay's judgmental style I needed him to present a high standard of dining, and boy did he deliver. He has every right to criticize other establishments because he somehow found a way to invigorate the standard American bistro to perfection. Even though we only have two more days left in Vegas, we are considering taking another trip to BurGR because it was just. That. Great.
2	Wait time: 20 minutes  (week day)Staff was friendly. Like the fact that they're technological. waitress showed an Ipad to choose my drink? Fancy, indeed.appetizer: Maui onion rings..Delish!decided to put my taste buds on fire. I went with the hells fire burger? Nice bite , but I wouldve expected a lil more heat with it? I guess my tollerance for heat/hotness of peppers is high? My friend sampled my burger, she said it was "too hot" for her. eh...wuss. Overall, Not bad. I wouldnt make this a "must" dining experienceThey needed our feedback on this service/food after we ate. I thought it was "optional"?  I guess not at this place.so a restaurant finding its weakness'? bravo in improvement.
2	Aww.. I don't know if it's because I love Gordon on TV, I watch his shows, his cooking shows, and read his books.. Do I expect to much??? I was so excited to sit in his Burger joint, I could hardly wait to choose from his menu.. A couple things I have pet Peeve's about: 1. If you charge a Big Price you must Deliver, If you are going to charge $10.00 for a order of Fries or Onion Rings, at least make sure they are MADE TO ORDER! I am sorry Gordon but at this restaurant, at this level, . . . Really, a window to let the Apps. be Pre-Cooked? ? ? 2. Make sure food is cooked to order, if it's not, then it had better be Heated to a HOT temp.. ( Unless it's sushi ) I like my food Hot and Smokin' still! AKA MADE TO ORDER!3. If it doesn't taste good, I send it back. The burger I ordered was the Duck Bacon, Egg, and Medium Rare... ( Border line Hot) but the flavor impact was there and I was thankful that the Bun was at least Toasted. . . Have to have a Toasted Bun right? Unfortunately, for the price, service, and food, I won't be dining back... It was sad.. I wanted more... It's a long line and not worth the wait, I'd rather go down the road to In and Out... At least there I know everything is Cooked to Order! 1/4 the price as well for 4 people to eat for what you'll pay for one person... Thank You, but ... so sad... Gordon' i am loosing faith in your restaurants...
5	Wow, this place was amazing. The service was friendly and fast. love their beer selection. We started with the Hummus and the stuffed Jalapenos. The Hummus was pretty good but those Jalapenos were one of the best things I have ever eaten. I ordered the fish sandwich which was excellent except it had too much bread for my taste. My wife loved the Hells kitchen burger (she ordered it vegetarian with a portabello mushroom instead of meat). It's a little expensive but worth it.
1	The service at this establishment is absolutely horrible. We were celebrating my daughter's b'day last night and decided to try BurGR. We get there and stand in a very long line, which was no big deal and sort of expected it. While standing in line a hostess comes up to us and asks how many in our party, we say 5. She takes us out of line and places our party size and cell phone number in an iPad and tells us that we will receive a text message as soon as our table is ready, which would probably be about an hour, to an hour and 20 minutes, this was at 8:05 pm. Fine. We proceed to the Extra Lounge and have a few drinks and listen to a very good live band. Well and hour and 20 minutes comes and goes so my brother decides to go and ask the hostess what's going on. She tells us we will be getting the next booth and if we don't receive a text by 9:37 pm to come back. It's now 9:45 pm and no text so my brother goes back to the hostess. I notice he's gone for about 5 minutes so we get up to go and see what the problem is. I find him talking to a manager, Benjamin is his name. I hear my brother, in a very neutral tone asking him if he could at least apologize and own up to the fact that we have been stood up. Apparently the hostess never entered our reservation correctly in the iPad so it was as if we never had our info in the system and my brother was trying to rectify the situation and asked the manager to at least own up to the fact that someone on his staff made a mistake. My brother explained to Benjamin the manager that he too is a Customer Service manager and when things like this happen you apologize and try to fix the situation. Again, my brother never raised his voice and I hear Benjamin telling my brother "dude lower your voice do not yell at me." Seriously, a "manager" addresses his customers with the word "dude?" My brother kept saying to him, "I am not yelling at you, I am explaining how good customer service should work." Again, Benjamin tells my brother "dude lower your voice and don't take that tone with me." So I ask my brother "what's going on?" and he proceeds to tell me that Benjamin isn't quite getting the picture of what good customer service should entail and that at this point he is being an asshole. Yes my brother used that word and maybe it was wrong but he said it to me and not directly to Benjamin and only out of frustration because it was my daughter's b'day and she really wanted to eat at BurGR.  At that point Benjamin says that he is not going to seat us because my brother called him a derogatory name. Mind you, all my brother wanted at that point was an apology that his staff messed up and for him to own it. Benjamin refused and continued calling my brother "dude" and telling him that he wasn't going to seat us even though we waited over an hour and 50 minutes. I don't know about anyone else but in my book that is truly bad customer service. At this point my husband is standing there livid and tells Benjamin that he's a f***ing dickhead and a poor manager. And Benjamin stands there with a huge smile on his face and says to my husband "have a great night, you're not eating at BurGR" which infuriated him even more, I honestly had to pull my husband away because I knew if we stayed there 1 more minute Benjamin would have found himself passed out on the floor with all his teeth missing.  Needless to say we will never go back to BurGR and every chance I get, on every social network possible, I am going to let everyone know how terrible the service is and what a moron Gordon Ramsay has as a manager for that restaurant. I don't know why Benjamin got so offended over a comment that wasn't made directly to him because from what I know about Gordon Ramsay, he goes around calling his staff members much worse. The good news is we ended up at Stripburger and had the best service and best burgers ever. Piss off BurGR!!!
4	First of all, I freakin love Gordon Ramsay, I watch a handful of his shows (my favorite being Master Chef) and I'm a fan of his blunt and straightforward personality. That being said, I'm disappointed by the wait time for the table and the food.Me and a group of 5 friends came during EDC weekend around lunch time. The hostess was very kind and told us that it would be a 30 minute wait and would notify me via text (that's so cool!). This was not a problem, I had a large group anyways. After about 30 minutes, I get a text but we wait another 15 minutes for our table to get set up.After looking through the menu, I decide to order the farm burger (duck breast bacon?!?) and an order of truffle fries. What I've learned about watching Gordon Ramsay's shows is to be diligent and not to make your customers wait forever for their food. The funny thing is that we waited for almost an hour for our burgers and we only got one order of fries before the burgers (we ordered 2).Granted, it was probably the best burger in my life I can't rate this place any lower than 4 stars because the service was commendable and the food was delicious. Just beware of the wait time if you're starving or in a rush!
4	We wanted to come in for dinner on a Wednesday night at about 6:45, but the wait was about an hour and a half, so we went to Holsteins @ the Cosmopolitan and walked right in. Walking through the casino the next day at about 3:30, we were hungry and noticed there was no line, so even though we already had a great burger just the night before, we decided that a short twenty minute wait was worth it for a chance to try this place out.I had no complaints at all. My burger was cooked to my liking, the bun, toppings, condiments, etc......all good. Some people have mentioned that their burger didn't have much flavor, I'd just say that it wasn't over seasoned. You can taste the quality of the meat underneath the seasoning. Fries were also good and the service was exactly what I expected. I liked that they send you a text to notify you when your table is ready instead of making you carry around the big vibrating coaster, but you shouldn't have to wait very long for a burger in Vegas. As much as I enjoyed my burger, there is no shortage of high end burger joints in Las Vegas these days (many within walking distance of this very restaurant). I'd put this place near the top if I were ranking Las Vegas burgers, but there are burger places equal in quality nearby without the insane wait during peak dining hours.
4	Be prepared for a long wait. We weren't going to wait in this crazy long line but with the huge storm that decided to grace our visit we didn't want to go outside until we knew we wouldn't drown or get blown away...Yes it really was that bad I've never seen something like that felt like I was watching a storm movie.With the bad weather some people were panicking and left their spot in the line (probably didn't help that the fire alarm was going off for about 20-30 minutes). So we got closer to the front and then the hostess asked if anyone cared to sit at the bar! Hell yeah I needed a beer. Our wait only ended up being 40 minutes when we were quoted 1 1/2 hours.The bartenders were funny and offered samples of the beer if you didn't know what you liked. I ordered Hells kitchen but with chicken which was amazing! And my hubby ordered the blue burger i'm not a fan of blue cheese but this was actually tasty. The people sitting next to us shared their poppers which was a nice gesture and they were so good.Not a bad place to go if you don't mind waiting in a long line.
3	If you haven't read all the other previous reviews about Gordon Ramsay's BurGr...be prepared for a long wait.  One good thing was you don't necessarily have to stand around and wait in line.  The hostess will text you when your table is ready so our group of 6 gambled away our money while we waited for our text.  Almost 2 hours later, I got a text saying our table was ready.  Starving and filled with great expectations, I looked over the menu.  I decided on getting the Euro burger.  Our group order a couple starters to share amongst the table:  parmesan truffle fries, onion rings, and jalapeno poppers.  All the starters were very tasty.  The onion rings had a great crunch on the batter and truffle aioli that came with the fries was really good.  I even spread it on my burger.My euro burger was cooked to perfection...medium rare.  While delicious, I felt that it was lacking some flavor.  I was missing that "WOW" factor that I was expecting from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  But overall,  everyone in the group really enjoyed their meal.
4	The absolutely best burger I've ever had!  Medium rare like it's supposed to be, this place excels in delivering flavor!  The down side was the 1:30 wait.
2	Cons- Long wait with terrible service. The waitresses have way too many tables and don't check on you enough. After we were seated we waited 15 mins to order. After we ordered we waited 20 mins for our milkshakes and we were supposed to have fries with them. They brought the milkshakes without the fries and forgot the spoon with the milkshake. We had to wait another 10 mins to get our spoon, no joke.After about 40 mins we got our burgers. They brought the fries out when we were half way though our burgers. They also forgot to put the sauce on my girlfriends burger so we had to ask for it. More waiting.Verdict. Service ruined everything. Fries and burger were pretty good though not worth the time we waited to be seated and definitely not worth the horrible service.The milkshakes were fake tasting and not worth the price. The pudding was a nice touch but the fake flavor was unbearable.I will never go back and would not recommend to anyone. Not like Chef Ramsey gives a shit, he doesn't cook at any of these places he just slaps his name on it.
5	Oh Boy! I cannot tell you how satisfied I was after the meal around 1 am in Gordon Ramsay BurGR.  This is my first meal in Vegas after a long flight from NYC.  Yes, I was extrememly hungry at the time and probably could gobble down a cow, but really; they do make serious, top quality burgers.  The services was excellent. Waitress comes around every 5 mins and see if I need any help.  They even explained and detailed everything about the food.  This place gives you a feeling of a 3 star restaurant but provides 4 star service and 5 star food.  I also tried the sweet potatoe fries with seasalt.  I was none stop eating it even though I don't really like sweet potatoes. It was done in an almost perfect way.  Crunchy outside and soft inside with their special sauce to dip in.  Its funny that I forgot which burger I ordered, but I manage to ate 1 and 1/2 burger since my GF cannnot finish it, both burgers were very tasty.  The price for the burgers was not Cheap, but it definitely worth every penny.  I will definitely like to try Ramsay's other Chain in the future.  There are reasons he awarded 15 Michelin's Star.
5	Here's your tip of the day: if you walk by this place and there's no line, GET IN LINE! Kinda pricey for a burger place (fries not included!) but dang it's good. If I have a hard time deciding on which menu item to get, that's always a good sign. Great beer selection, great food selection, great everything. Go here. Go now!
5	My wife and I are big Gordon Ramsay fans so when we saw the restaurant as we walked the strip we had to stop in.  It was noon and the line was a bit long, however the wait was only 20 minutes. This might indicate that they were churning out customers, however that was not the case at all. We spent time talking to the hostess, waiter and manager, however Gordon wasn't there. We missed him by 2 days.  I was hung over so I opted for the Farm Burger which included an egg and duck breast bacon.  Perfect.   We also enjoyed onion rings which were the best I have ever eaten.  My only regret was that I was only able to finish 1/2 of my beer.  30 on tap.  The service, food, prices and atmosphere are excellent for a casual meal.  With so many choices in Vegas to eat its hard to go wrong, however I do not give out 5 stars often and BurGR well deserves all 5.
5	Im a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay..When i heard about this place i knew i had to try it..Well i did and I LOVE it..from the burgers to the fries and onion rings. I loved the curry ketchup. The burgers are your high end burgers..so its not cheap but well worth it. If you are a big burger fan you have to try this place whenever you are in vegas.
3	If you're OK with a 2 hour stint between waiting, sitting down, eating and paying plus trying to lip read what your company is telling you this restaurant will work for you. I was surprised to see 5 girls at the desk busy chatting with each other while there was a line of waiting customers (no reservations were taken, or were they?).... luckily the bar ahead of us had 3 screens running so there was plenty of stuff to watch. Our waitress (Ginger) was very nice and extremely attentive - kudos for her. Food wise? We loved our jalapeno poppers, farm burger, and sticky toffee pudding plus nutella/coffee shake. Fries wise just go for "just fries", the parmesan on our truffle fries ended up like a hairy substance and the onion rings were kind of soggy. Bill ended up at US 75 for the two of us (just fizzy water as a drink), more than the indicated US 25 per person. Business casual attire? Forget it, we were in tees and shorts and felt like being overdressed. No doubt the wait will be much longer on Fridays and Saturdays. Mr. Ramsay may like to assess the front desk environment, surely he won't be impressed either.
2	If you're expecting to be wowed i would suggest going elsewhere..  After asking the hostess how long the wait would be approximately and she estimated 30 minutes..My partner and I waited in line from 8:59pm on a Sunday night.. with 34 other patrons lined up before us... until 10:04pm... We were standing at the front of the line for 14minutes while 5 other large groups were seated first and then i watched impatiently for another 5 minutes while 2 tables were free but the 3 'hostesses' were too busy doing not a whole lot, to seat us.. When i finally asked how many other groups were in front of us she promptly replied they were waiting for tables to be cleared.. when clearly they weren't. I probably wouldn't have minded if the staff were flat chat and run off their feet but i was disgusted to see 15 empty tables shortly after i was seated with still a ridiculous long line outside..(4 of these tables were ready for patrons but the hostesses were 'busy'). Our server was great although it was a little difficult to hear him with the noise in the restaurant.  Food came out in a reasonable amount of time which was surprising and what was also surprising was how bland the Hells Kitchen Burger was. The meat was cooked well, the ingredients were fresh but it lacked the pizzazz and spice that you would expect after reading the description. Onion rings were probably the best i've ever had - crispy, light and full of flavour without being overpowering. Sweet potato fries were good and the fury chicken appetisers were tasty enough. The chicken soba salad was fresh and a good size however a couple of the flavours clashed. A table of 6 left shortly after we were seated and the table was not cleared the entire time we were there, along with a 2 seater table next to us. That would explain why we were waiting for a ridiculous amount of time. 2 managers on duty and neither thought it was in their interest to ensure the tables were cleared or the patrons were seated in a prompt manner. Instead... they were happily giggling and chatting in a corner with a few of the waitstaff. 1 star because our server was competent, 1 star because we didn't have to wait long for our food and the onion rings were great.Apparently the general manager of this place is Darren Heller (our server informed us of this because i didn't want to speak to a clearly incompetent manager on duty) Darren this place clearly needs an overhaul... perhaps Gordon Ramsey would like to review his own named restaurant..  All in all a complete letdown on top of a ridiculously appalling wait time. Would i recommend you to go there? Hells no.
2	I didn't get it. Food was overwhelmingly spicy and I do like spice just not THAT much. I liked the garlic aoli with the truffle fries; the fries themselves were good but didn't wow me (best truffle fries ever - Canlis in Seattle, WA). I didn't really like my burger, I got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and the meat wasn't really juicy and I was expecting more of a brioche bun. Meh, maybe I was expecting something completely different than what they were offering. Even the atmostphere felt cheap to me though, sticky yellow plastic placemats and dirty paper menus. Service was good. My friends also loved their food and the place but I wasn't feeling it. We were passing by, saw the line and got in it just in time at around 11am and they seated us within 20 minutes. Another fun thing is seeing all the kegs they have by the restaurant/casino/mall entrance.
4	Having the uber cheeseburger, truffle Parmesan cheese fries, and a hazelnut chocolate shake:)...It's recommended to order your burger medium and they know what they're talking about.  My Uber Cheeseburger was juicy and full of flavor.  It had 3 different types of cheese and carmelized onions on a Brioche bun.  The parmesan fries were crispy and seasoned perfectly.  The shake was to die for.  The chocolate was a pudding on top of the hazlenut flavored shake.  It was topped off with a thick whip cream and a praline cookie.  It is pricy, but what do you expect?...it's Gordon Ramsey.
1	Pretty bad. Like really, really bad. Not one person near my table was blown away by any of the food. The look on everyone's face was hilarious because it said "REALLY!? This is what I waited for?" Very, very overpriced too. I have tried to go here 3 times and this is the first time I have actually been able to try the food. The other two the wait was way too long and now I know it is not worth it by any means.Meat is undercooked and is so pink you might think it is raw. The burger itself is really underwhelming and very disappointing. It lacks flavor and you will be wondering why you bothered to wait for so long in line and after you ordered. It is shocking how mediocre it is.The pop up dessert should have been great but instead tastes like a discount ice cream you buy from the clearance section at a convenience store.Such a lousy experience. I actually would like my money back. I don't see this place lasting for long. It can't survive on tourist only who don't know there are much better burger places nearby on the strip and off it.
4	What can I say? I love burgers.. I love them so very very much and, for me, an amazing burger can be (what's the word I'm looking for?) orgasmic.. I really like Gordon Ramsay as well so I was really looking forward to eating at the Gordon Ramsay BurGR.Tell you what? I wasn't disappointed. I really like the place. The decor and setup work really well together, It's got bright and vibrant colours, it's modern and the bar area is a nice touch  and contributes to the relaxed atmosphere. Our waitress very friendly and nice..I had the Euro Burger w/ Truffle Parmesan Fries and my mate had the Farm burger - simply amazing. Those fries are awesome!I had 2 other mates who also tried the roasted jalapeno poppers and they're still raving about them today so that says things...I highly recommend it but be prepared to wait.. I think we ended up waiting about 20 mins or so but it's worth it...
2	ummm, I hoped for better having eaten burgers all over and read the Yelp reviews.As a solo diner I had a very short wait 5 minutes compared to couples 40, and quads 90 minutes.The service: generally very friendly and helpful, veeerryyy short skirts and I'm no prude.Food: After all the most important part was where it all fell apart, the menu sounds great, bus as all Ramsey meals I've had so far fell far short. My special cheeseburger with Goat's Cheese etc was anything but. They clearly cooked it to order as it as rare as requested, but just didn't taste of anything much, and with that much cheese is a crime. Truffle fries, were in a large portion and well fried but had little taste and we're by no means the best I've tasted. The idea of covering truffle fries in Parmesan cheese also seems wrong, were there to be any Truffle taste originally it's unlikely to survive parmesan...The prices were steep and though I didn't pay for it (had a credit in the hotel) I felt like for the quality I would have been unhappy were I to have....
4	I love burgers. I had the Farm burger. Egg, duck bacon, cheddar. 90 min wait was ok to try one of Ramsay's  creations. The not so friendly or knowledgeable waitress informed us they were out of duck bacon, they will sub turkey bacon. Dud! Turkey bacon is so common. The smoke flavoring on the burger was delightful. No doubt this is now my favorite burger place in Vegas. Just delish. Try the sticky toffee push up for dessert as well. Yummy.
4	Ramsay.. if I didn't love you and respect you, this reviewed would be lowered to probably 3 stars. FOOD: Burgers were great and distinctive. They have the traditional cheeseburger, but you can expect a nice twist with Ramsay's flare. I did ask for medium rare, but the burger came back medium well. In this case, I usually ask for a remake, but continue reading for the reason why I didn't..AMBIANCE: Interesting racer/diner concept. All servers were girls who wore mini skirt tight dresses. I guess it's vegas right? I feel sort of bad for them.. I'm sure working in that is not easy. SERVICE: This is where things fell apart. Come on Ramsay.. you have a show called Restaurant Nightmares... and this was a nightmare. First 5 minutes were great, but then we realized it took an hour to get our burger. Some people came after us with larger parties and got food before us. I know I know... we could of gotten something harder to make right? Wrong. We ordered 15 minutes earlier than a table, and they received their fries 10 minutes before us. I was drooling as the waitress came towards our table only the realized it wasn't for us. Yeah that kind of sucked. Then she did the same thing with the burgers. So when my burger came out medium well instead of medium rare. EFFF it, I was not gonna wait another hour and needed those carbs now!PARKING: Since it's in the Planet Hollywood, parking is free and easy. Overall: I hope the service improves and the meat is cooked properly, other than that... it was a nice place in Planet Hollywood and I'm always down for a good burger.
5	We were at miracle mile shopping bc the mall attached to the Aria is so ridiculous ($$$$) and decided to "grab a bite". Its so amazing but the burger was only pretty good. I've had angus ground that was more flavorful. The HOTDOGS were fantastic!!!!  Way better then PINKS outside planet hollywood which is famous for their hotdogs. The sweet potato fries with ketchup instead of that weird sauce that comes with it were gobbled up and fought over. We had reservations at le cirque, sage, nobu, tao, but this was our favorite and that's why we blew off lunch at bouchon to come here AGAIN! This time we had the jalapeno poppers which were INSANE, and hubby had a shake... which was ridiculous (its like pudding in a glass). British thing?? Overall the burger was very good but didnt compare to the insane hotdogs and fries. Everything was really high quality and i have to get that ketchup recipe!! ***Once in line they will take down your info and text you when your table is ready.
3	Pros:  The jalapeno poppers!  I'd give 'em four stars.  Very tasty!  Another pro is the white truffle fries, thick cut, with parmesan cheese and a homemade garlic aioli and ketchup.  Super tasty....However, the con is that this is NOT the burger it's cracked up to be.  Mediocre at best.  The "uber cheeseburger" is what I ordered.  It didn't have much cheese on it, and the bun didn't taste fresh...it was kind of stale/hard.  I asked for my burger to be cooked medium, but it was more like medium rare. I ate it anyway, because I know they grind their own meat, which lowers the risk of food poisoning.Another con is the noise level.  Forget trying to have a conversation with your dining companion - not that you'd want to - but it would be nice not to have to shout.  And there's TV's with sports all over the place....I don't care for a "sports bar" type of atmosphere.I would do back, but this place didn't live up to the hype for me.  And the wait staff is overly friendly....it comes off as phony and a bit pretentious.
4	I can't say it was the best burger I've ever had, but it is close.  The meat was well cooked and juicy but I was hoping for just a little more flavor.  The Just Fries were nothing really special, but the chipotle ketchup was very good (the curry ketchup was just a little too strong).It is pricy, but you have to expect that, so it didn't bother me... I'll probably be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	First time i ate here. The line was long and it took just over an hour for a party of 5. The cool thing was they check you in and then text you when your table is ready so you can go and wonder the casino. Not a beer person but there is a large selection. I got the Britannia burger and it was good... the mango chutney was just a sweet marmalade. I wish that fries came with the burger but if you want them they are an additional $10...a little pricey but this is a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. Not really as upscale as I thought it would be. Only reason i am giving 4 stars is cause I love Gordon Ramsey.
4	Went here on our "chef ramsay tour" in vegas and were not disappointed.  We had the porkbelly as the starter, enough for 2. The flavors were amazing.For the burgers we had the farm burger which has fried egg and duck bacon!  Delicious. They are very generous with the portion of fries.  We ordered three orders for three people and had a big amount left over. Our favorite were the sweet potato fries. For dessert we had the sticky pudding push pops, they were ok. They had plenty of ice cream and little pudding. My only complaint about this place are the hostess girls. They're more worried about giving every girl that walks by looks from head to toe and making comments to each other, rather than helping customers.  We waited in line, then realized we were supposed to check in first.  There were at least 3 other parties that did the same because we didn't know how the check in/line worked.
5	One of the best burgers ive ever had!! Im still trying to think of what other burgers ive had that were that good. I got the Blue Burger - medium, perfectly juicy and pink. It comes with Blue cheese and arugula. I asked to add the grilled jalapeno peppers in there (that i noticed the Hells kitchen burger had). So deeeelicious! Besides a good beef, the bun went just right (which really is half the battle!). The fries werent great, friendly staff and a modern, hip, gastropub ambiance. You must try it!
5	On FIRE! WOO! I have the hell's kitchen theme song stuck in my head after eating here!The restaurant is located in Planet Hollywood, and offers about eight gourmet specialty burgers! I never could imagine a burger getting this good. I even had it a day later and it was still amazing as left over food... AMBIANCE: The restaurant is vivaciously colorful- with bright red, black decor. The restaurant is also quite large-. There is also a bar area. The restaurant offers a variety of its specialty cocktails as well as specialty beers from the bottle or tap. Definitely modern and up to date as it just opened middle of 2013 in July.FOOD:Truffle Fries- The SAUCES- This definitely turns the dish from good to extraordinary!. The fries come in a cone shaped container and there is plenty for a few people to share. Chipotle ketchup and Curry KetchupHoney Pig Bao Buns- Great take on the Asian dish. The pork is well flavored and the bun provides a subtly sweet taste and soft texture that complements the pork and carrots. It comes with two buns to share!Chanterelle Burger- It comes with Chanterelle Mushrooms, Arugula, and a thick juicy beef patty. There is also an onion fig jam which gives the burger its special flavor. I also customized it with a sunny side up egg. The yolk combo on the burger is awesome!SERVICE: The service is impeccable. The waiters were attentive and helped serve us quickly and efficiently.Coming back again! I may try this is a late night snack next time to cure my munchies!
4	So I put my faith in something unknownI'm living on such sweet nothingBut I'm tired of hope with nothing to holdI'm living on such sweet nothing at...GORDON RAMSAY BURGR! - Calvin Harris (sweet nothing)Because they don't take reservations ahead of time, the wait can be pretty ridiculous. We came here at like 10 pm and there was still a 45 min wait. Fortunately once you put your name down, you can go wherever you want and they text your phone letting you know your table is ready (better than having to carry around a pager). Luckily, the shops at Planet Hollywood were still open so we just walked around until our table was ready. We shared a peanut butter milkshake that was really tall and came with a soft delightful cookie. The farm burger was pretty good, not the best burger but certainly above average. The duck bacon that came with it was interesting. We also ordered a side of the truffle fries and sweet potato fries and although both were huge portions, they were not great overall. I've had more satisfying room service fries at 5 am than these ones. The dipping sauces were nice but I would say pass on their fries unless you really need fries with your burger. Overall, I would give this place a 3 but given the waitress that we had who was very upbeat and helpful, I have no problems bumping it up. It's Vegas so the restaurant itself is cool and trendy as well. I'd suggest waiting until the hype cools down a bit to give this place a try...wayyyy too busy for what are ultimately mediocre burgers.
5	Did Not Disappoint!!As soon as you enter the seating area you smell it.  Chargrilled meat.  YUM!!Drinks were delicious and STRONG.   Try the jalapeno marg.  The burgers were fantastic and the chips (fries) are a must-try - if not for the garlic aioli alone.    This stuff should be served in a ketchup bottle it's so good.  I found myself slathering it on my burger.While pricey (2 people with drinks and shared fries = 70 bucks), it's worth it.    I coulda used a few more F-bombs though (Ramsey)
3	Pretty excited about the opening of another burger joint in Vegas. We originally were headed to Holsteins but it was rather late (and we found out that they no longer were serving burgers at the time) so we went across the street to PH to try BurGR! We ordered the chanterelle burger ($16!!! WHAT!), just fries ($8), and a kale caesar salad ($12...and no protein!).The burger was not as juicy as Holsteins, but still pretty tasty.  The fries were decent -- could be slightly more crispy outside. They came with two interesting twists on ketchup -- one was chipotle-flavored and the other curry-flavored. Not to say we disliked those, but we did wish they also provided normal plain ketchup with the fries.The salad was WEAK. The name is kind of misleading since there actually wasn't much kale in it -- maybe 20%. The rest was all romaine lettuce, with everything COVERED with parmesan cheese (literally, every leaf was coated on both sides of fine cheese powder so it's not like I could just shake it off). It seemed like there were equal amounts of cheese to lettuce...pretty ridiculous if I say so! (See picture for reference). There was so much cheese and its flavor so powerful that I ended up using minimal dressing. The kale was ok, but the romaine pieces weren't very fresh...the edges were browning and wilting.The food here isn't the greatest, nor do we plan to come back, but the servers are SO friendly and kind! Some of the best service we've received in Vegas!Also, if you show your total rewards card, you get $1 off each item!
2	Burgers are a bit small for the price.  I wasn't blown away by what was served here.  Everything is almost a la carte so expect to spend about $20 a person just for the food (no drink, tax or tip)Food also took awhile to come out.  Not too crazy about this place.
4	Bless their souls for serving me and my 6 girlfriends while we were absolutely wasted. They were so sweet.The Hell's Kitchen burger was really good, but I honestly don't remember why. I remember us all thinking it was amazing though. The avocado was SO fresh. The burger did not taste as good warmed up later, so try to finish it all in one sitting.I really enjoyed the truffle fries! Also enjoyed the wings. Be prepared to WAIT!! We came after a pool party so half of us got the reservation while half of us showered (we stayed at the Cosmo) and then the other half went to shower and came back to join us in line and we STILL had to wait a bit. Not sure how long that took but it must have been awhile if 7 girls could shower and walk to the restaurant before we could sit down...I would say it was worth it though! Unless you're some kind of burger connoisseur I guess?
3	My husband , daughter and I eat out ALLOT , my husband being in the food industry ( an executive chef) , I have eaten at high end and lower end food place's , I know what to expect from both the server's and food ( also having been a server as well ).That being said , here are the good comment's first..1. The wait was not that long for lunch. ( if you are going for dinner , go about an hour before you want to eat , the lines get VERY long ).2. The food was good , out of 10 star's , 10 being the best and 0 being the worst , I would give the food an 9.3. The price for a burger was not that expensive.4. The actual hamburger's were VERY good size's , They DID NOT cut corner's on that.Now for the negative.1. VERY loud . Both the music and atmosphere , I had to yell to talk to my server and family. 2. Drink order's took a while 7 minute's , my 10 year old ordered a shake , that took 15 minute's.3.Our server has NO personality , and seemed VERY unhappy , and only checked on us once in the hour we where there. I also noticed the other server's looked unhappy and like robot's as well. NO ONE SMILED ONCE.4. I ordered a burger ( no meat ) , and they forgot the cheese. I would of thought , they would of taken at least a few dollars off , since there was no meat ... BUT NO.5.When it was time for the check , I had money in front of me ( not even in the black money holder yet ) , our server came up and just took the money and said .. Are you ready to pay and took the money. I thought that to be VERY rude.6. Both the orange place mat's and table hadstuff on them , and the knife had huge water spot's on it. ( like the dish washer was not working right ).Both my husband and I are HUGE Chef Ramsey fan's , and could not WAIT to go.Over all , I don't think we will be going back. I expected MORE out of a restaurant with Chef Gordon Ramsey's name on it.Out of 10 star's , again 10 being the best and 0 being the worst ,I would rate our verall experience a 4. You can have great food , BUT if the service is bad , that just ruin's it for me.Also NOT a place to bring children.
5	I was so excited to try this place. My friends and I were dying to try this place. Our wait was about an hour and 15 minutes. Some may say it's not worth the wait. Honestly, I can see why, but for my friends and I this was definitely worth the wait. Before I begin, let me say, the price may not reflect the portion size. However if you compare to any other burger places like Unami Burger and many others, the pricing isn't really that bad.The server we had provided great service. He took great care of us. He checked up constantly on us, never too much and not too little. He gave us many suggestions and explained each burger. Now most of us decided to get the Farm Burger. The Farm Burger came with a patty, obviously, fried eggs, greens, and duck bacon. I was thinking to myself, what the hell is duck bacon? I love duck, but I hate bacon, but the duck part had me. The burger was amazing. The duck bacon tasted like, well duck and bacon. I don't know how else to explain it. And the fried egg  complimented the other ingredients so well. My other friend had the Britannia Burger which came with mango lassi. At first my friend was skeptical about it. He said there was no way this was going to work on a burger. Well he was wrong that's for sure. I only had a bite of his burger, but from that bite it was really good.We also ordered Honey- Pig Bao Buns which is an appetizer that consists of roasted pork belly. The only way I can describe this dish is those pecking duck white buns you get at Chinese restaurants. Instead of duck, it's pork belly. The pork belly comes in a white steamed bun with cucumbers, radish, cilantro, and a honey-hoision sauce.  The pork belly was slightly crispy with a little bit of fat. So it was very juicy and tender. We also ordered truffle fries and sweet potato fries. Usually I hate sweet potato fries, but these fries were delicious. The truffle fries on the other hand were a bit disappointing. Not because it tasted bad, but it was just a bit too salty. The fries came with a truffle aioli which was amazing, and also a roasted jalepeno steeped in honey and mayo sauce. Finally for dessert we had their homemade Toffee Pudding Push up Pop which was delicious. We also had the Oreo milkshake with creme brulee pudding on top. Now that was amazing. The Oreo milkshake was light and not too sweet, same goes with the pudding. It was one of the best shakes I had in awhile. It definitely beats Serendipity's frozen hot chocolates which is a total rip off.
5	Dear Gordon,Thank you for opening this delicious burger joint.  As usual, the service was excellent.  Our server was attentive and very friendly, too.  I also had the pleasure of sampling some appetizers and let me just tell you, you make the best jalapeno poppers I've ever had in my life.  The truffle fries are excellent as well! Of course, the burger was perfect and cooked to perfection. The meat was well seasoned and the temp was spot on.   Additionally, for a burger joint, the hot dog is pretty darn good.  It's actually my parent's favorite thing to order. Thank you again for an absolutely wonderful dining experience.  Best,Lauren S.Yelp, Long IslandP.S. for everyone who thinks I'm crazy, I know this letter isn't really going to Gordon.  It's called - having a little fun here and there.
4	BurGR!! I wanted so badly to love this restaurant but sadly I am only able to give it 4 stars.Firstly the hostess sat us quickly as it was 12:45am, and although the seating was limited there were seats available. The waiter came over and introduced himself and the fancy iPad drink and dessert menu. He was very nice and excited and helpful! When I wanted a beer and didn't know which to have he offered to bring me a sample of the two most popular to chose from, and informed me that if those didn't work out we would try some more. Free beer tasting? Sure! I needed up loving both of the selections he brought out, but went with the apple ale.I ordered the Uber cheese burger expecting something creamy and mild while  little sharp. I thought this would go well with my apple ale.After about 25 minutes our order came out. My uncle had the American burger and I was being served the chicken burger. I quickly informed e server that I had ordered the Uber burger and he apologized and assured that would be out very quickly. Meanwhile out waiter also comes by to check on my food that was missing. After about 3 minutes another burger is being served to our table. This time the server and the waiter both come bearing a maytag blue cheese burger with arugula. The waiter goes to his computer and then confirms with me that I had ordered the blue cheese. Not wanting to complain and not wanting to wait more for a cheese burger I agreed. The arugula looked compelling, so I decided to try a blue cheese burger for the first time.All in all the burger was great. It was perfectly medium, the truffle parmesan fries were awesome, and my uncle liked his burger as well. The blue cheese was a bit rich for me so I only ate half my burger, but that is to be expected of blue cheese. Overall the experience was amazing. I loved the atmosphere and I loved the menu selections! (and the menu is a souvenir so score!) I was given the wrong burger simply because the restaurant was a little loud because of a band playing right on the other side of the wall. I'm sure my burger would have been awesome, just like everything else on the menu! Breakdown:          Staff/hostess--- 5 stars!          Waiter (Michael? Or something..) --- 5 stars!         Menu--- 5 stars!         Noise level--- 4 stars! I wish I could give you 4.5 stars but I can't so 4 it is! I will definitely return!!
2	The Good: The burGR was good. Onion rings were good.  Service was good.The Bad: Table next to ours had the Truffle/Parmesan fries and sent them back as "so salty they're inedible".The Ugly: The burGR was not so good that it warranted charging another $9 for sweet potato fries that weren't that good (limp), dusted with powdered sugar, and accompanied with a sweet honey mustard condiment.  Thats: Sweet, under Sweet, dipped in Sweet.  Too much sweet in the middle of lunch if you ask me.Sweet usually works well as a dessert, not so much as a side...Grade: Fail.  There is no shortage of truly great burgers out there, just not here.
3	Came here around Father's Day. The wait time was about 60 minutes, however, the nice young ladies up front asked for my cell phone number and stated they would text me when our seat would be available. This gave my family and I time to walk around Planet Hollywood without having to wait in line. About 60 minutes passed and sure enough, I got a text telling me our table was ready. When we got there, they sat us in the corner and immediately went over the menu and answered questions that my family and I had. My wife and I ordered the "Hell Burgr", my older son got the Fish sandwich, and my youngest got the footlong hot dog! Talk about a huge dog! My son couldn't even finish it! Before we got our meals, both my wife and I ordered a shake. She ordered a banana cream and I ordered the Oreo. To be honest, I think the shakes were the best part of our meal. I would say I enjoyed those more than the the burgers! So if you do visit Gordon's Burgr, please order one of the shakes. They are out of this world! When our meal came I was ready to dig in. The burgr was a bit dry and didn't have much flavor. My wife felt the same way about hers. A little on the dry side and overall not anything to cry home about. If Gordon was present that day, I'm sure we would have heard him in the kitchen screaming, "What the f@#k is this? Take it back! Take it back now!" It was busy that day since it was in fact Father's day, so maybe the chef's had a lot to cook but didn't check well in terms of how the burgers should have come out. I ordered mine medium well and my wife's was well done. But again, tasted very dry with not much juice oozing out when one takes a bite. The fries we got were quite tasty, I believe they were the garlic parmesan ones. Definitely gotta order those when visiting as well. Overall not too bad, but would I visit Gordon's again any time soon? Probably not. However, if you're with a big party and are eager to try Burgr, give it a shot and don't forget to order the shakes!
4	This place has an annoying wait, but most people don't seem to realize that you DON'T HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE. You can put your name and cell phone # down at the front and they will txt you when your table is ready. The burgers, fries and cocktails are excellent and definitely worth eating here for. It wasn't the greatest burger I've ever had in my life, but it was close. Very close.
3	First off the garlic truffle Parmesan fries were to die for! The actual burgers were so so, had to wait for a table at lunch on a weekday, and service was ok.  I felt the prices were fair and I enjoyed the decor.
2	Waited 45 minutes to be seated in a half empty restaurant at lunch time. That was odd.  The service was slow and inattentive, and the food mediocre.  However, it's a burger joint, and I am sure it's difficult to crank out burgers all day and have them all be perfect.  I will try it again some day, because I'm a fan of Gordon Ramsay.
4	Blue burger was amazing, the manager was very nice.  Just a tip though, the girls have to wear these short tight dresses, please require they wear spanks.  Just saying.  Service was great, food was great.
5	We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago.  Best decision for lunch!  We got there right before this ginormous line formed behind us.  I couldn't imagine waiting but we managed to get seated in ample timing.  Regardless, we would've waited and would have been happy with the wait.The decor is pretty cool.  I would describe it as clean cute and modern, and the huge fire wall definitely is an eye catcher.It took awhile for our server to actually get to our table but we didn't really mind since we were in awe of the restaurant itself and reading through the menu as well as drink/dessert menu on our very iPad at our table.  The placed it our table and told us how to navigate through it.  I can't remember the name of the burger I ordered but it had bacon and an egg on it.  I also order the parmesan fries and a beer.  The wait for the food was a little long but I think that's the time needed to make our burgers taste as delicious as they did.  So juicy and well seasoned!!!  You can tell how fresh the ingredients were.  It makes you really appreciate good food.  There were so many fries!!!!  Definitely enough for two people to share.  I was only 3/4 done with my burger and 1/2 way through my fries and was pretty full.  Despite how full I was, I had to finish that delicious burger.  The fries however, we couldn't finish. Overall, I will definitely eat here again.  The burger was outstanding and the staff was really helpful.  Gordon Ramsay, expectations were definitely met that day! :-)
2	Even though the line was long, we only waited aprox 10-15 min to be seated. Our hostess and waitress were very friendly and nice. We got refills instantly on beverages without having to ask - a HUGE plus. But it took 37 mins to get our burgers and fries. Our burgers were cooked to our asking but lacked any taste, definitely needed more seasoning, salt and pepper are not provided on the table. The tomatoes in my burger were about 1/2 an inch thick, had to remove them so's to get a decent bite, because the burgers stand tall. The fries were equally bland, hardly any flavor and very dry - McDonalds fries win hands down! My husband was upset that we didn't get regular ketchup. We received 3 different flavors, which one was spicy and bitter, one was sweet/hickory and bitter, the 3rd was just gross. The fourth flavor was a Parmesan something-or-other, which was the better tasting of all. The music was really loud, felt like my husband and I were shouting at each other. Overall disappointing considering it's Gordon Ramsey, we expected more because it is Gordon Ramsey's restaurant. Needless to say, we shan't be returning but the experience was fun. Because it was our anniversary dinner date, rather than getting upset, we passed the time making fun of our food.
3	Decent burgers. The portions and price are okay for it being vegas. It's a nice option for a casual group dinner. We were able to put our name down on a sunday night for 6 people and only had to wait about 45 minutes. I liked that they just called us when our table was ready so we didn't have to stay by the restaurant.I got the chanterelle burger and it was pretty tasty. Unfortunately none of their burgers come with any sides so I highly recommend the truffle tries. They were delicious and one order is sharable amongst 2 people.
4	I religiously watch MasterChef, I had to eat at a Gordon Ramsay spot. You won't be disappointed. The burgers were amazing. The service was top notch and the best sweet potatoe fries I've ever had. They have iPads to give you to scroll through the dessert menu. Expect an 30min to an hour wait depending on the day. It is located inside of a Planet Hollywood. Enjoy! :)
5	A great experience all around. Had to wait for a little over an hour to be seated, but we were there on a Saturday during dinner, so it was kind of expected. And there was certainly plenty of entertainment around. The staff was friendly and attentive, the beer selection was wonderful. We had two delicious appetizers between five of us. When our food arrived, it was spectacular. We got three orders of fries between us, but the highlight of bunch were the truffle parmesan fries. So frakkin good. My burger was cooked a perfect medium-rare and was amazing. Definitely recommend the Farm Burger.I found the prices reasonable and will for surely return in the future.
3	I went to this restaurant on Saturday for lunch with the BF and it was just ok. We didn't have to wait too long due to getting a high top bar seat, but the wait felt long because the 'fire wall', while cool looking, was very warm. We sat down and waited a bit before being acknowledged. We got a waitress who told us she was in training, but there wasn't anyone around training her...that's pretty odd. It was obvious that she was new because she was awkward and left our waters empty for long periods of time...not awesome. As far as the food, it was alright, but it wasn't as good as I would hope for a GR restaurant and for the price. I got the hell's kitchen burger plus duck bacon. The bacon was good, would definitely have it again, but the burger was assembled poorly making it hard to bite and making the bun fall apart....I mean, they put half an avocado in the middle of the bun, not spread out thin, and it was popping out all over the place...not awesome, also the chili peppers were slimy and also slid out of the bun leaving me with a mess. The flavor was decent, spicy, but not as flavorful as I hoped. The BF got the american burger and said it was fine, but nothing special. We also shared the pork bao buns and it was ok, but the pork belly needed to be cooked longer... it was hard to bite due to it being tough still, but the flavors were good. We finished with the sticky toffee pudding pops. Now, we had the sticky toffee pudding at GR steak, so maybe that ruined it for us cuz that was so damn good, but these were just ok. I don't get the pop thing, it made it hard to eat and I didn't like having to eat a huge chunk of the ice cream with no cake trying to get through the first layer. The flavor was fine, but ditch the pop....just serve the pudding from GR steak please! Overall, I liked this place better than Holstein's, but it still isn't a place I'd wait in line for.
3	Let me start by saying I'm a big fan of Gordon Ramsey so I was very excited to try BurGR. It was about four in the afternoon on a Sunday when my girlfriend and I got to BurGR. There were only a few people in the "line". I say "line" because there was a rope and there were people inside it but mostly outside it which seemed a bit confused. The hostesses ignored the issue for a couple minutes then finally came and sorted everything out. This was a bit annoying since they were just standing there talking to each other and didn't seem to be doing any actual work. After the line was sorted out they kept trying to push these tiny tables on everyone in line that were on the very edge of the restaurant practically inside the casino. Nobody was interested in sitting there but they sure kept asking people. These tabletops didn't look large enough to even fit food for two. While we stood in line I saw a female trying to buy a BurGR t-shirt. She had to loudly say, "Excuse me!" several times before the hostesses would stop their personal conversation and help her. The nearest hostess actually had her back to the line completely ignoring it. At that point the one hostess took the shirt from her and told her to purchase it at the bar and bring back the receipt then they would give her the shirt. They went immediately back to their conversation. It may not sound like much but the hostesses were VERY MUCH into their personal conversation more than helping customers. It was  rude. If I were to grade the restaurant based solely on the hostesses it would be one star.When we finally got a table the server was fairly quick helping us. We both ordered the signature "Hell's Kitchen Burger", hers without the jalapenos. We both ordered soda and it was semi cold like the soda machine was putting out warm soda and the ice wasn't cutting it. Maybe the machine was having issues. Seems like a small thing but it still bothered me. When we finally got our burgers and onion rings the quality of the food and presentation was very noticeable. It's exactly as I expected it would be. To me, the major downside was my burger seemed bland. I'm not a fan of tomatoes or avocado but I left them on since that's how the burger was meant to be tasted. The avocado (which has never had any flavor for me) completely masked the flavor and heat of the burger. When I finally took the avocado off the burger it finally got some flavor and heat. Even with that I don't think there was enough flavor in the burger. The onion rings were decent but the dipping sauces were great! Finally a plus. So, two burgers, onion rings to share, and two sodas... just under $50. Too pricey for what I got. In the restaurant's defense, my girlfriend loved the food and it was obvious they used high quality ingredients in everything. Maybe I expected too much with Ramsey's name attached. I would try it again and get something else. Maybe that particular burger wasn't right for me.I love a good burger and for me, in Vegas, my favorite spot is Stripburger. If anyone reading this is in SoCal try Umami Burger or Slater's 50/50. For my money, those places are far better than BurGR.
2	Oh boy, I am very sad to report that I was so disappointed after my experience here. My boyfriend is a fan of chef Gordon Ramsay so it was a must-go-to place on our list. The wait wasn't very long, we requested to sit at the counter to be able to see the chefs cooking. This "live action" was not so entertaining. The staff was very slow at getting our food to us (bizarre as we are sitting RIGHT IN FRONT of them). I was literally sitting and drooling while looking at the untouched maui onion rings, wondering why no servers were claiming it and why it wasn't coming to me! I'm generally a fair person when it comes to waiting but this place really pushed my patience.Out of everything on their limited menu, the only enjoyable dish was the maui onion rings. I'd highly recommend it but unfortunately won't be coming back just for it. Burger patty was a little overdone and the shake we had was way too sweet for me.
1	I am a huge fan of GR, but I have to say the people in charge of Burgr are not keeping up with the place. 1. Long wait for a half full restaurant. (Old way of attracting customers) 2. Long wait for food. Another bad strategy to sell appetizers and drinks. (They are almost pushy when they tell you right up front) 3. Burgers are full of flavor, but not in a good way. Too much of one ingredient overpowers the taste of the main part, which should be the burger.
4	I feel like I was torn between 3 and 4 stars but decided to give it a 4 star rating.It's located inside Planet Hollywood.WAIT: Make sure you know, the line of people is for groups of 2, if you have a bigger group you have to "check in" at the front and it's usually an hour or so wait, because the restaurant isn't always filled, when we ate we saw there were empty tables...ATMOSPHERE: More casual, open kitchen, with a modern feel.  FOOD: I got the farm burger (egg!) and got it medium rare.  I also got the truffle fries and the other people in my group got the sweet potato and regular fries. Each of the fries comes with their own two dipping sauces (ketchup, aioli, truffle sauce etc.) and they come in those cone like containers.  The fries are cut fatter than normal, which I didn't really like.  The truffle fries were good, I just wish they were thinner.  The sauce it came with totally made it though.  They sprinkle some cheese on top too.My burger was good, the patty was tasty and flavorful - definitely glad I went with medium rare.  The egg could use a little more seasoning but it was perfectly soft and the yolk spilled out when I poked into it.  The bacon was interesting, it was softer and not crunchy (I think it was duck something bacon?) and the bun was the most disappointing.  It looked good but it was kinda meh, just your typical bread bun, not really toasted or chewy like Umami's buns.Overall, not a bad burger if you're in PH or want to try Gordon Ramsay's restaurants.  They can be a little pricey around $13 for mine I think.  Size wise, they tend to be a little smaller, the guys in the group ate it quickly but I felt like with the fries it filled me up perfectly.
3	It was a nice choice for one of our nights in Vegas. We had to make the cue a little bit, but it was worthy.The burgers were tasty and good. The size, smaller than usual, but it was nice. The fries and the onion rings were the perfect company.Perhaps a little bit pricey.
4	My friends and I were curious to try food at a restaurant by Gordon Ramsay, so went to BurGR! I had the damnation chicken burger and some parmesan fries.The burger was not as great as I expected, but it was still pretty good. I kind of wish I choose a burger with beef instead. The sauce tasted pretty unique, but I'm not sure how to describe it.The fries were delicious! I usually don't like Parmesan very much, but I did on these fries. I think they're excellent for anyone who likes thick cut fries.The wait, which was about an hour and a half, was pretty long for my small party. I did like the food, but I think 14 dollars is a hefty price for a burger...and about 8 bucks for fries too whoaa. By the way, for any of the fellas who like pretty waitresses, you guys will appreciate the their body hugging uniforms. Seriously.
5	So I kind of wanted this place to suck just so I could quietly mock Gordon Ramsey's giant ego while watching his 700 television shows. I figured he was so full of himself that this probably wouldn't deliver. ...but that little egotistical dope proved me wrong.After waiting in a line as long as the Space Mountain queue my friend and I were finally seated at the high tables (because waiting for a real table would have taken even more time). After being seated and our drink orders were submitted and we opened our menus. A giant picture of GR - lovely. So obsessed with himself. Anyway, after scrolling the menu - We made our decisions. Both would be getting the farm burger (i added grilled onions). We also ordered the parm fries to share. Soon enough our food arrived and the presentation was on point. Still hesitant, I bit down. F word. This BurGR was good. I hate you Gordon Ramsey. Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked. I was full about half way through, but this lady pulled a fatty move and finished every freakin bite. Every last delicious one. The fries however, weren't worth mentioning really. Overpriced and under delivered. I wasn't a huge fan. The dipping sauce was good, but I probably wouldn't bother ordering them again. Luckily we split them - and there were plenty to be split. Also, I really wish I had more room because the shakes and desserts sounded absolutely incredible. I might have to take a special dessert trip just to try them. Or have a burger, do some shopping in PH and come back? Yeah good plan. All in all, this place is delicious. I could do without all the damn selfies of GR, but other than that - the decor was nice. Modern, clean, open. I will definitely be back. It will probably be my go to spot for Vegas lunch/dinners. It's pricey, but it's worth it. Don't tell Gordon.
3	Quick reviewI expected the wait for seating, but not the long wait for the food (it's only burgers).After the wait, still got my temp wrong  on my burger (more waiting)Taste was good but portion were small for the high price on Maui onion rings, fries and burgers.Service was real good. I believe KGB (Kerry Gourmet burger) and Burger bar are much better burger places.Still a fan of Chef Ramsey.
4	I'm not gonna lie: I have a man crush on Gordon Ramsay. Don't get me wrong, he's not Sam Jackson or the Rock, but he's definitely on the list. So when I was in Vegas for my buddy's wedding and happened (or, more accurately, drunkenly stumbled upon) this place, it was game on. Located inside Planet Hollywood, Bugr has the now trademarked glass enclosed fire that Gordon Ramsay seems to enjoy a little too much. (I'm not saying that Ramsay is an arsonist, but if one of his restaurants burned down I think we can all agree he's a preeeeeety good suspect.) I went on a Sunday afternoon around 1 and it was packed. The line snaked around the perimeter of the restaurant, and many of the bigger parties left because of the 45 minute wait time.  Smaller parties, like mine, waited about 20 minutes. The hostesses were extremely courteous and polite, which I imagine can not be easy when you consider the the sheer number of drunken assholes trying to grab them inappropriately. I don't necessarily know why Vegas (and Bugr is no exception)  feels the need to put every woman working in the town in a short/tight/skimpy outfit, though. I get it if I'm at the Spearmint Rhino, but at Bugr? It just seemed a little unnecessary. However,  that being said - wooo! I love boobies, so maybe I'm being a bit disingenuous.  After our short wait we spent pondering gender inequities in modern society (cause, you know, were deep like that and stuff) we were escorted to our table. There is a giant touch screen menu on the exterior of the restaurant, so we already had a fairly good idea of what we wanted. The menu is fairly small with maybe a dozen burgers, (some chicken, fish, and vegetarian options available), a few hot dogs, some appetizers, a handful of salads and a smattering of milkshakes. I went with the farm burger, which had duck bacon and a fried egg, and my buddy had the hell's kitchen burger. We also ordered the Parmesan truffle  and sweet potato fries. To start we had jalapeno poppers. Those jokers may have been the highlight of the meal. They are served in individual dipping cups in case you're worried about getting cooties from your dining companions, and come with a bacon cheddar sauce. One of the six does not have the seeds removed which makes for a fun game of intestinal Russian roulette, especially if someone in your party can't handle a little spice. The fries were OK. The truffle Parmesan were a little too crispy for me, closer to being burned. The sweet potato fries had some seriously delicious dipping sauce accompanying them. I think it was honey mango chipotle flavored or something like that. The burgers are fantastic. My first bite literally melted in my mouth. The duck bacon was an interesting component, but ultimately,  it was overpowered by the burger itself. I saw some kid next to me put ketchup on his burger and it was all I could not to snatch him  out of his chair. You should NEVER  put any condiment on a good burger or steak; the meat speaks for itself. (Sidenote: who brings their kids to Vegas? You mean your kid will appreciate a trip to the land of debauchery and excess more than a trip to Disneyworld? You could be having pictures with Micky and dinner with Goofy, but instead your kid has pictures with penis impersonators -seriously happened - and dinner with Chardonnay,  the stripper?! Parenting fail.) Overall, Bugr is a great place. The wait staff, particularly Chris, was phenomenal and friendly and the burger was great. The price is comparable to other Vegas locations and you can knock eat at a celebrity chef's restaurant of your fatboy bucket list. Its not the best burger I ever had, but its close.
5	Literally the best burgers I've had. Ever. The restaurant is a simple burger orientated place but with a very elegant and sophisticated twist. Very modern and spotless cleanliness. Food presentation is excellent compared to other restaurants in the same category. And food preparation is excellent you don't wait long after you order to receive the food!Now down to the actual food, had the farm burger and Hell's Kitchen burger cooked medium well. The meat was tender and cooked perfectly to your order, the bread bun is toasted perfectly with just the right amount of butter. And of course the burger toppings were top notch, when you receive your burger it looks like it came out of a food magazine. When you take that first bite to the last, not a single drop of juices or fat come off and hit the plate. All the taste is sealed inside the burger and you'll know by the end of the meal by looking at your plate you just had a high quality burger by the fact your plate will be clean free of the juices. The portion is also spot on and perfectly hits the spot without the heavy feeling after eating at most other burger joints.The fries are also a work of art, perfectly cooked and served with 2 unique but perfect blends of ketchup, chipotle & curry ketchup. One order is enough to enjoy and share with 2 people.All in all its Gordon Ramsay's spin on something simple as a burger joint, you won't be disappointed. There will be a bit of a wait to get in (45 min to 1 hour) but that's what you get for good, healthy, quality food. This place is priced above average so prepare a little dinner for 2 will be around $40 with drinks.
4	So I've been on a Gordon Ramsay thing lately because I've been watching kitchen nightmares and MasterChef. Not going to lie, I was really excited when I saw his restaurant burgr and was like, ohhhsnaps, it's Gordon Ramsey's face on the posters. I went with a couple of friends, about 6, and the wait was about two hours long. I should have went earlier and grabbed seats. When the time came to order, I focused my attention towards the customer service and the scenery around me because Gordon Ramsay sure makes a hell of a big deal out of it on kitchen nightmare. Needless to say, the service was great and the waitresses wore body-hugging clothing, perfect. Prices are a bit up there though for some burger and fries. Burgers were about an average of $15, $8 for fries, $7 I think for the milkshakes. I expected a more gratifying taste from my first bite of the euro burger, it was still good but not worth getting yelled at by chef Ramsay for. Fries are a must get. They were thick, big, and delicious, literally. The shakes were interesting. It has some bean texture pudding thing on top and shake on the bottom. It seemed a bit overpowering towards the end, but I love sweets so I guess it does not phase me. Ultimately, not worth the two hour wait      . My next stop in the future will be tasting the infamous beef Wellington in Gordon Ramsey's steak.
3	It's OK.Burger: 4 stars.I had the Hells kitchen burger, which I enjoyed, but it wasn't anything I haven't had before.Sweet Potato Fries: 2 starsSweet as in they put vanilla powder on the fries and you dip them in honey/mayo. I like my sweet potato fries to be zingy and not taste like candy.Shake #1: 5 starsChocolate milk shake topped with butterscotch pudding and a cookie with fresh whip cream! I didn't even try the cookie because there was too much food, but the shake/pudding was delicious!This is an affordable Ramsey restaurant and the food is good, but not memorable....except the dessert milk shakes!
5	hell's kitchen burger- so good. It has a lot of flavor and I love how beefy it is. I like that it has enough kick to keep ya hooked, but not too much spice to put your mouth on fire. All the ingredients mix in your mouth to create beautiful fireworks of flavor. The truffle fries were good too! A little dry though....to be honest. If you're on a budget opt just to get the burgers here bc the truffle fries ARNT a total must. Overall experience was great though :)BUY FOOD HERE INSTEAD OF GETTING FAT AT THE BUFFETS
5	I have watched quite a few episodes of Gordon Ramsay's Hell's Kitchen and also Kitchen Nightmares, so having the opportunity to eat at one of his restaurants was pretty exciting. Burgr is located in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. The atmosphere is great- dim lighting showcasing the fire effects around the restaurant. Burgr does not take reservations, so be prepared to stand in line to wait for a table. However, the wait for a party of 2 was only about ten minutes. Not bad!Now, on to the food. I got the Hell's Kitchen burger which was amazing! I ordered it medium, and that's just how it was cooked. The roasted tomatoes were a nice change to the traditional sliced, fresh tomato, and added great flavor on addition to the avocado and peppers. My husband ordered the Uber Cheese burger medium rare and enjoyed it as well. If you are thinking about ordering fries, the Parmesan Truffle Fries are a must!! One order is more than enough for 2 people. Now dessert.. For any of you who have watched the UK version of Kitchen Nightmares, you know how much Sticky Toffee Pudding is mentioned. And it just so happens to be on the menu here in the form a push-pop with salted peanut ice cream. Another must-try!My husband & I thoroughly enjoyed our meal at Burgr and are looking forward to our next visit there.
4	I'm normally really skeptical of Vegas restaurants.  You never get your moneys worth.  But I will say BurGR is an exception, mainly because I was stuffed and didn't break the bank.BurGR has a lot of things that usually turn me off, mainly because it seems like it's a tourist trap and has a long line.  But I was pleased with how my burger turned it, it was really good.  I had the chicken burger and even that was really good.
5	Yelp defines the five star rating as something that is "as good as it gets", and Gordon Ramsay's BurGR absolutely fits that description. I will go out of my way to try and find a great burger, and I've had some awesome ones, but the ones I had here were some of the very best I've ever had anywhere. Ever.First impressions: Being in Vegas it's got that upscale feel to it. We had a short line when we got there, about a 15 min. wait, and the giant interactive menu on the wall is sweet. The bar is very cool with the ice wall behind the taps, and the open kitchen and the flames along the walls are nice eye candy.Service: Service was excellent! The bartenders were great and our server was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and attentive. Love the iPad that you get that shows the drink list and gives descriptions. Draft selection was small but had a nice variety and great quality beers.Food: We ordered the Farm burger, Euro burger and the Brittania, and they were every bit as amazing as I was hoping they'd be. The burger patties themselves were out of this world. Cooked perfectly to order. Moist and tender on the inside, and a phenomenal mouthfeel and chew. The blend of cuts was awesome, and the texture of the short rib in particular was stellar. The natural taste of the beef really shined through, and the fact that they're grilled over a wood fire gives them an added depth of flavor that you just can't get with a plain gas grill like most other burger restaurants use.A burger patty should be good enough that you could eat it on its own, with any sauces or toppings only serving to compliment the protein, and that was definitely the case here.The Farm burger with its duck bacon and quail egg was ridiculously delicious. The Brittania with the mango chutney had a nice sweetness to it. My personal favorite was the Euro burger. The goat cheese and truffle aioli just sent the burger over the top. In each burger the different flavors were perfectly balanced.The jalapeno poppers were really good, as were the onion rings. The chipotle ketchup that came with the rings was particularly tasty. I wish I could've brought a bottle of that stuff home with me.Is it more expensive than most other burgers? Yes. Is it overpriced? No.Could you find bigger, heavier burgers? Yes. Is it any less satisfying? No.Some people have this idea that the more a burger costs, the bigger it should be. Uh, no. The more it costs the BETTER it should be. If all you want to do is pinch pennies and get the biggest burger possible for your money, walk down the street to Fatburger, or find some fast food chain. But you get what you pay for, so if you want quality, if you want the absolute best burger in Vegas, and certainly one of the best anywhere, Gordon Ramsay's BurGR is the place to be.I'm just gonna say it... there are a lot of reviews by people saying the burgers are just okay, or nothing special, etc. Those people have no idea what they're talking about.
4	Came here for a late dinner when we were in Vegas last week because my bf 's coworkers recommended it.  We ordered the hell's kitchen burger and the britannia burger. YUM :) the hell's kitchen burger had a nice spicy kick to it and I think it would've been even better if it were a bit spicier ;) The britannia had mango chutney in it, and although I'm someone who doesn't like "fruit" in a salty dish, this was delicious! Just the perfect amount of sweetness. I definitely would recommend checking this place out, the burgers are delicious and the prices aren't outrageous :) however, the wait time during prime dinner hour is probably really long. I came at 10pm on a Wednesday and the wait time was approximately 10-15min.
5	So I show up to grab a burger from BURGR, of course the line was about an hour wait, but when the hostess saw me she said I can go straight to the bar so good eye for that. The bar was packed but no worries. I ordered a Black Magic and sat down Lala has the perfect pour and with 30 beers on tap you can't go wrong.  I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and parm truffle fries both were on point, I am certain this will become a favorite spot for me.
4	Great dining experience. Expect to wait in line though. Sat at the bar so could see the kitchen at work. Great farm burger and sweet potato fries.  Nice and passionate staff.
3	I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger. I have had better and cheaper.  It seems a little egotistical to not have salt and pepper on the table.  The jalapeno poppers were excellent though.
5	Euro Burger!!! Oh my, how i miss thee already. At first i thought I wouldn't like this place. I really just wanted to check it out because It's a Ramsey restaurant.The price was reasonable which was a pleasant surprise. The wait was not bad either because It's one of those eat and get out quick type of setup. Staff were awesome and seemed like they genuinely care about the customers. So I tried the Euro Burger and Truffle fries. I had to literally eat slow because I wanted to savor the moment! Fries were nice and crunchy outside, moist and tasty inside. The truffle sauce... Oh man, the truffle sauce! Can't get enough of that thing. It was sooo good that having only one cup was not enough. Now here comes the Euro Burger. Meat so juicy, sauce oh so darn good. Even the bun tasted amazing. Hands down one of the all time top 5 burgers that I tasted so far. I can probably eat 5 of them at once if my stomach was big enough. Sure the place looks like a tourist trap but don't let that stop you from visiting this place. The next time i visit Vegas, I will definitely get me some Euro Burger again.
4	This is a fun place with very good food. Our wait was about 20 minutes but if we arrived 5 minutes later it would have doubled. The burgers were perfect. The fries are great but share an order of them. It is pricey, even for Vegas. Two burgers, one fry, one beer, one water-$56. Consider it entertainment as well as a meal.
5	This place is awesome! My boyfriend and I saw this restaurant featured on GR's masterchef and decided to try it when we went to Vegas. We went about a week ago and were definitely pleased! The decor is really modern and the fire wall thing is pretty cool. I'm a vegetarian, the earth burger seemed a little blah. Our waiter, Mike, who by the way was awesome let me get the Hell's Kitchen burger with the portobello burger. The burger was amazing! Tons of flavor. The onion ring were some of the best I've ever had. My boyfriend had a shake, which was delicious and the farm burger which he also said was one of the best burgers he's ever had. The prices aren't to high considering its Vegas where a slice of pizza costs more than $10. Definitely a must try when you go to Vegas!
4	I wish I could give BurGR 3.5 stars ... when are you going to add that option, Yelp?!We've visited BurGR twice this summer -- once on each of two different trips (one business-ish, one with the entire family, including a couple of extra teenagers).   As I see it, this place fell victim to what I like to think of as the Restaurant Peter Principle -- you eat there more than once and it eventually topples under the weight of your expectations.  Usually places take more than two visits for this to happen, though.On our first visit, we happened to notice the sign as we were walking down the Strip, and (having watched Master Chef) decided to give it a try.  I read a few reviews beforehand and was a little worried about the possible wait, but we were seated within ten or fifteen minutes (on a weekend) and our server was very attentive.  The manager stopped by to check on us and we were given an iPad survey to complete to give feedback on our experience.  (I wondered if this might be a response to concerns about poor service)On that first visit, we had the Parmesan truffle fries to share, a Euro Burger, Brittania Burger and split the coconut/strawberry milkshake for dessert.  The food was ... well, as Gordon would say, "stunning".  My burger was cooked absolutely perfectly -- I'm picky about hamburgers and rarely get them in restaurants, because I usually end up disappointed with an overcooked, stiff little hockey puck no matter how nicely I beg the waitstaff to make it as rare as the law allows.   The fries were like crack (we asked for more aioli -- the ketchup is a little funky but the aioli is equally cracklike) and the milkshake ... well, normally I actively dislike milkshakes (too many years of Slimfast -- the fatty legacy!), but this was absolutely phenomenal, more like a great big desserty pudding parfait than those creepy chalky goopy things other people sell.So, it was with high hopes that we went back about a week ago with the entire family (and some of the kids' friends ... ka-ching ... let me just go on record as saying this is not a good place for kids who don't clean their plates unless you have money to burn).  The wait for a table for seven was about an hour -- a little less than promised -- which seemed reasonable on a weekend evening, and we sat down with high hopes.This time, service started slow and just got slower.  We were seated by someone who may have been a manager, but didn't have any other manager contact during our visit.  Although the restaurant was no busier the second time than the first -- and toward the end of our meal, as it got closer to closing time, the place really emptied out -- it was difficult getting a drink refill or the check, and the ambient noise was such that it was hard to talk across our big table, so we mostly sat around staring into the middle distance wishing we could get back to our Vegas evening.Our food was also somehow not quite as good.  This time, we ordered two truffle fries, one regular fries and one sweet potato fries for the table; everyone got a burger (some of the ones our table tried included the Farm Burger, the All American, the Yardbird -- which is chicken -- and the Hell's Kitchen Burger) and three of the kids got different shakes (so I had the opportunity to taste almost the entire shake menu, because sneaking tastes of other people's food is one of the few mom privileges I can still claim). The food took a bit longer to come out than I recall; the fries didn't come until after the burgers (last time, we got them a bit ahead of time so we could enjoy them before they started to get cold), and apparently my pleas for still-cold-in-the-middle fell on deaf ears this time, because my burger was definitely medium -- medium-medium, not even medium-rare.  Blech.  Hockey puck.  No amount of nice bun or interesting toppings can counteract that.  I didn't send it back, because (a) I'm not That Customer unless something is truly make-you-sick wrong with the food and (b) I figured we'd be in there another hour at the rate we were going, and everybody was antsy to leave.  I was hoping we'd get to take another one of those iPod surveys so I could let management know with a little more discretion, but this time they weren't offering that option.  Rage!!If this place were always as good as the first time we went, I'd make it a point to stop there every time we're in Vegas.  If it were always like the second time, I wouldn't come back again, especially in a city with so many bazillions of other interesting food options at that price point.  Yes, the shakes are wonderful, but the fries are much less crack-like when they're cold, and the burgers are less awesome when they aren't cooked the way you ask them to (which, for $13-15, you ought to expect; if I wanted a hockey puck I could go to Chili's, God forbid).  To use a Master Chef metaphor, this place definitely ended up in the elimination round despite winning the Mystery Box challenge.
4	Came in around 7pm on Saturday night and it was packed. We originally had a party of four and the hostess said it would be an hour and a half wait. She put my name on the list and the text us when the table was ready (it took 45 min).By that time we had acquired 2 more people. One of the manager guys told us to hang tight and he would accommodate the change; we were seated 10 minutes later. The service was great. All the staff was pleasant and although busy, it seemed like we were the only table our waitress had. It's reasonably priced as well. We had a Hells Kitchen Burger which was ok, nothing to back flip about. The Parmesan fries were delicious with the house ketchup; there was a truffle mayo too but I found it to be too bold for my taste buds. Sweet potato fries were good too. I can't give 5 stars b/c the burger was just ok and they don't take reservations. Everything else was on point though. We'll be back to try out some more burgers :)
5	Being a big fan of Gordon Ramsey - whether it's on Hell's Kitchen, MasterChef, or just his cooking in general - I was definitely willing to wait 45+ minutes to try his restaurant in Vegas. No matter what time, there is always going to be a wait to eat here. But trust me, it's so worth it! They also call you when your table is ready, so you can go get drinks or gamble before you dine.Burgers here are around $15. Sure, it is a little pricey for burgers, but it's a gourmet burger! My best friend and I ordered the Euro Burger and the Farm Burger. And you HAVE to order the fries.- Truffle Parmesan Fries: SO SO SO GOOD. (Do I need to say more?) The truffle aioli dip is to die for! Everyone at the table could not stop eating this.- Sweet Potato Fries: These were also delicious, but nothing too unique. The honey jalapeno mayo was a good dip paired with the sweetness of the fries.- Euro Burger: truffle aioli, goat cheese, and arugula = paired really well together. - Farm Burger: duck breast bacon, cheddar, and a fried egg. The fried egg was on point!Not only was the food a (super awesome) party in your mouth, the service here was impeccable. The servers were very friendly and attentive to our needs. And a lot of them are cute girls!By just watching his cooking shows, you know that Gordon Ramsey has high standards for food. And you can really tell with his restaurant. Having an awesome experience here, I'm for sure going to try all his other restaurants!
5	I came here with my boyfriend after a long day of walking around the strip. We waited in line for maybe 30 minutes, which isn't so bad. When it was our turn to get seats, we got the bar. The bartenders were funny and friendly so it made it an even better experience. For the food, I had the farm burger and some of the truffle fries.The Farm burger intrigued me because of the duck bacon. I love duck and I love bacon so I really wanted to see what duck bacon was all about. It was crispy and delicious. The burger also had a fried egg. I like how the egg yolk flows out and gives the burger a sauce. I got the burger medium rare so the meat was moist. The truffle fries were delicious, definitely recommend. It came with ketchup and some salty garlic dipping sauce? Either way, I wish I had a bigger stomach and a faster metabolism so i could finish more of it. =]I would go back again if I had the chance.
4	there's so many reviews on this place that mine will probably just get lost, so let me just say...burgers are amazing.fries are even more amazing.add bacon to your burger. droool.expensive, but worth it!
2	I'm sorry to say this but this joint is over rated.I ordered the Hell's Kitchen and it came a little lukewarm and on a closer note to being cold. The beef patty was decent but not say fantastic.For the price and location, I really expected more.Had the truffle fries too and again it was cold and soggy. Overall a terrible experience.
5	A group of 4 of us showed up here at 6pm for dinner, only waited about 20 minutes on Friday night. We were starving, so we quickly ordered a round of their signature cocktails, jalapeno poppers and beer-battered onion rings to start. These items might sound like normal bar entrees.... nothing of the sort.  Both were original, high quality and amazingly savory and bursting with flavor.We ordered the Whiskey Cherry lemonade, Skinny Tangerine Screwdriver thing, Jalapeno 'Rita and another lemonade cocktail. We were all very happy with the originality of them... and alcohol content!!Dinner was Farm Burger (A++), the chicken burger (A+) and the Four Cheese Burger with duck bacon added (A++). The sweet potato fries, dusted with powdered sugar and the honey jalapeno aioli.... pure genius in that combination.We are already planning a trip back... mostly because we want to make it to their amazing desserts next time!!
4	The food was good but the burgers are pretty small. I ended up paying about $30 for a burger and some fries. The food was good quality but I would not frequent this place just because of the small portions. It was a fun experience and I am glad I tried it out though. I feel kind of bad for the wait staff. The skin tight dresses that the ladies had to wear were not very flattering even though the waitresses were not overweight.
3	3.5 starsGordon Ramsay has been a busy man in Las Vegas, opening three restaurant concepts in three different hotels within about 8 months' time. His latest is his most casual and approachable - a burger joint within the Planet Hollywood hotel. Coming off of dinner the previous night at Gordon Ramsay Steak, this would be our second consecutive red meat meal from Ramsay.The menu is very streamlined and focused here, featuring a handful of snacks/appetizers and about ten burger options. There isn't your build-your-own-burger type place, which is something I appreciate. Fries and a couple of salad and hot dog options round out the menu.Farm Burger duck breast bacon, english sharp cheddar, fried egg (substitute regular bacon)Hell's Kitchen Burger asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado, oven roasted tomatoMy dad went for the Hell's Kitchen burger while I went with the Farm. Disappointingly, they were out of the duck bacon, so regular pork bacon was substituted for it. I'd have to say the burgers were pretty well done, with a nicely-cooked pink center for the meat and a very soft bun. The meat had a subtle smokiness, nice char and was pretty juicy. My fried egg was cooked perfectly, with the yolk oozing out once broken. Considering the bacon and egg on the burger, this was about as close as I was going to get to brunch on this Sunday morning. I thought this was a pretty good burger.Just Fries hand cut fries, chipotle ketchup, curry ketchupThese larger-cut fries were done well too, crispy on the outside and fluffy inside. The housemade ketchups were quite good too. Simple but executed well.I don't think any diner is going to be "wowed" here, but the food is actually quite good. The burgers, while simple, were thoroughly satisfying and cooked just right. And while we didn't try anything other than sides the french fries, those were just as satisfying. There are a ton of options to alleviate a burger craving on The Strip; I would consider BurGR one of the legitimate options.
4	Delicious!  Loved the burger and loved the fries.  It was very cool to see the drink & dessert menu on an iPad.  We were in line for about 5 minutes and there was a hostess walking by to put names on the list.  We told her were in a party of 12.  She took down our cell phone number on the ipad and told us the wait was about 1 hour long.  She said we no longer had to wait in line, but she would text us when the table was ready.   That was cool!  We all hung out at the bar next door until we got a text.  We also had a child with us; he couldn't hang out with us at the bar but he went back to the Planet Hollywood room to watch tv and came down when we texted him.  That was convenient!
4	I mean it wasnt the most amazing burger I had but it was great quality. I'm glad he chose this hotel for this concept though cause it fits in well.
5	So I'm probably not the first one to say I went here just to see what GR is all about! He talks so much about how great he is so I had to prove him right or wrong. He was right! I loved it! I didn't think burgers and dogs could be so different. Plus it also helped that the service was phenomenal! Ask for Alex with the glasses but be warned...you won't be allowed to order what you want! Lol! He wouldn't let me get plain fries and insisted on getting the truffle fries and he was so right! He made my visit very memorable. He entertained us and I got to meet basically all the staff! He told us how great GR was and that he's nothing like the prick they try to make him seem. Personally I think the guy is so level headed and straight forward just like his menu here. The bun was toasted just right for my dog and the sausage had a kick to it that was pretty f-ing incredible. It was just good food. I will go back every time I'm in Vegas! Thanks Alex!!!
4	A fan of cheese? get the UBER BURGER! three kinds of cheese! what more can you ask for?? lovee it! burgers are a good size..the brioche buns were a nice touch. Ate half my burger.. i didn't want to just throw it away.. sooo i decided to pick off the cheese from the patty..don't judge me..I'm just a fan of delicious cheese. Gave it 4 stars because we ordered to go..and the hostess said she would text us when our order was ready and she never did! waited 45 minutes until she realized it didn't go through? not cool cute girl..not cool.
3	Tourist trap alert!  Tourist trap alert!That's what first came to mind when I dropped by to have lunch in the awkwardly-capitalized Gordon Ramsey BurGR in the Planet Hollywood hotel.Even at 11am -- before the doors had even opened -- there was a *massive* line at the front door, wrapping along the ultra-sleek fire-and-glass exterior and extending into the casino.  My heart sank a little, since the prospect of a 3-hr wait did not appeal to me whatsoever.The good news was the wait was only 5 minutes.  I skipped the line and went straight to the bar, which has open seating and serves the full menu.  (I recommend the bar to everyone trying to eat here.)  The interior is absolutely gorgeous, with no expense spared to make the atmosphere contemporary and hip.  Even the utensils are high-end.The menu is long, and the portions are massive.  It's very easy for your eyes to overestimate your belly's capacity here, so choose wisely.For lunch, I had the Hell's Kitchen burger and a side of Maui parmesan onion rings.  I was bummed at just how average they were.  The burger tasted like jalapenos and grease -- and nothing else.  I couldn't discern the beef, the cheese, nothing.  And at $14, this burger was wickedly overpriced.  I ate about half the burger before I didn't want any more.The onion rings were better, but not by much. The crisp was nice, but the dish was underseasoned.  No salt, no pepper.  The dipping sauces helped a bit.  I preferred the aioli.Service was fast.  Very fast.  Fast to the point that I was being rushed out of there.I'll skip this tourist trap next time.
4	Had to check this place out due to being a huge fan of Gordo.  As you may anticipate, the staff is very diligent and efficient in their execution.  Turn and burn is the name of the game in this high traffic area (in planet hollywood).  With that said, the staff was helpful and my drink was never empty.Got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and Truffle Fries.  Both were excellent, but if I were anywhere else, I would never pay what I did here.  However, the experience coupled with a solid product left me walking away happy.  Just know that you are paying for the experience with your meal and you will be satisfied.
5	Loved this place!Ate here on our last day in Vegas and we sure are glad we did.The waiter we had was extremely knowledgeable in the menu and pretty much ordered for us because we couldn't decide... and we're so glad he did.First the onion rings came out, and oh man.  They were good.  And the cheddar ranch? To die for.  It was gone in less than a minute.  Also ordered some fries that were great.I had the farm burger and it was delicious.DON'T THINK THE PORTIONS WILL BE HUGE.  They aren't, just normal size.  If there was any disappointment to my experience it would have been that.  But it's not Hash House A Go-Go, and I was definitely full afterwards.And the presentation of the whole place was great, felt pretty fancy eating there.
5	Great food, decent prices considering it's Vegas and also it's Gordon Ramsay. The cocktails were also very good. Try everything and don't feel bad about splurging, you get a good bang for your buck!
5	I eat at Holsteins every time I stay at the Cosmo, and BurGR is a good alternative and right across the street.  The burgers are just as good, but a bit more pricey.  I probably wouldn't go here on a regular occasion if it were located at home, but money has a different definition in Vegas.
4	I'm such a huge Gordon Ramsay fan--it's ridiculous. And after missing out on beef wellington during Dine LA, I knew I had to get my Gordon fix in while in Vegas.The place was actually pretty hoppin'--so make a reservation if you can.CHICKEN WINGS (4.5/5):Comes with two flavors: hot/spicy and wasabi. I personally preferred the more traditional hot/spicy, but that's because I love spicy food. Wasabi was interesting, but lacked a kick. Chicken was crispy and hot.BURGER (4/5):I ordered the farm burger, medium rare, since I love runny eggs. The patty was moist and cooked perfectly. And the duck bacon was interesting--it was milder than regular bacon, and more chewy than crispy. The most disappointing component to me was the bun, which didn't add much texture or flavor (I guess I prefer more sandwich-like burgers, a la Father's Office).FRIES (5/5):If you're gonna get fries, skip the regular and sweet potato, and go with the truffle fries. They're hot and thickly cut, so they just suck up all that truffle oil and parmesan. Just really delicious and satisfying. Comes with garlic aioli, and in a pretty generous portion/cone.OVERALL: First time in a Gordon Ramsay joint, and flavor-wise, it didn't disappoint. Burger and truffle fries are a must here. Probably will try the hot dog, if there's a next time (THEY LOOK HUGE). But won't be angsty to go again anytime soon, with Earl of Sandwich right next door (drool).
4	great burgers, they were a lot bigger than i expected. it was cooked to med rare perfectly. i also loved their onion rings! it was fantastic. this place is really modern and loved the service. i knocked it down 1 star just for the pricing and also long wait. i saw many tables unfilled. they have to get their system down better ... to try to accommodate more people.
2	Everything is overpriced. The burger itself tasted bland, nothing really special. For 14 dollars I would have at least expected the meat to be flavored. The fries were good. Soda's are 4 dollars!!!  Strip Burger/ Smash Burger... Burger Bar... All better places and cheaper to.  Not worth the time or money.
5	Tried to go here on a weekend one time but skipped it due to the hour plus wait. A coworker and I went midweek and got in quickly.We started with the onion rings which were quite good. Nice batter, crisp, not overly thick. They came with chipotle ketchup and a cheddar ranch sauce which was fantastic.Friend ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger which he said was a lot spicier than expected but still delicious. I had the Britannia burger (cheddar + mango chutney) which was quite good but I would have liked to had a little more bite from the cheddar.We also had the regular fries which were some of the best I've had in a long time. Piping hot, crisp on the outside, fluffy inside, and perfectly salted.One of the top burgers I've had in town. Other noteworthy burgers are at Burger Bar, DW Bistro, Ogden's Hops & Harvest, and Nob Hill (which closed to make room for Pub 1842 which doesn't have the same amazing burger).
5	Awesome burger joint in planet hollywood. We had the hells kitchen and euro burgers, which were fantastic! Must get the truffle fries...I recommend at most two people per order :) Their toffee push pop was a little too sweet & rich for my personal taste...left me feeling extremely heavy after the heavy meal. Also great selection of beers on tap!
3	The FARM BURGER was seriously average, nothing to rave about. Go for the CHILI HOTDOG instead!The MAUI ONION RINGS are a must!
4	Thought we would give it a try before going to a Cirque show. We thought our kids should enjoy there "night" out in Vegas. Of course the flames on the outside draw you in as they are really cool. The wait was about 40 minutes but knew that going in. My 7 year old son ordered the hot dog, by far the best damn hot dog ever even for $11. I know this cuz he couldn't eat it all so I did. The other 5 of us had various burgers and the chicken sliders all of which were good but nothing out of this world. We had all 3 types of fries with the sweet potato fries being our favorite. All in all $150 for 6 to eat was really spendy but we were there for the name and the experience. Not disappointed not blown away. Only complaint...what is wrong with just regular ketchup?
5	The wait wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Got seated and the bar, and was immediately grateful for that. The bartender (I think his name was John?) was extremely nice and even joked around with us for a bit. I had the Hell's Kitchen burger, which many have said is spicy. I really like spicy food and can handle a good amount of spice, so I figured what people were saying was a bit of an over-exaggeration. I ordered it, took a bite, and was a bit disappointed because it wasn't all that spicy. However, the more I ate the burger, the spicier it got, which I loved. The food was good, the service was great, and there is a pretty good selection of beer available. Beats the $40 burger and fries that I ordered through room service at my hotel, and cheaper too!
5	One of the best burgers I've had!!  I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and it was AMAZING!!!  The onion rings are awesome and definitely enough to share.  The chipotle and curry ketchups are the best!  I also suggest the Toffee Pudding Push-up Pops.  Even if you don't think you have enough room, get one of these awesome desserts!We didn't have much of a wait.  It's cool that they text you when your table is ready, so you can walk around the casino, gamble or shop while you wait.I cannot wait to go back!
4	Now I'm not a Gordon Ramsay fan - haven't watched any of his shows. But all the hype and prestige made me unconsciously want to try out his restaurants. But I'm not willing to shell out that much for GR cuz after all to me he's no Michael Mina or Gerry Danko. So BurGR has the perfect price.Saturday lunch, came here at 11:15am, no line at all. Food did take a while to come out, but the waitress was really nice so I didn't complain.Food: truffle fries are a must!Farm burger is great too. I opted out the cheese.Caesar salad is mediocre. Don't get it here.Overall it was a very nice dining experience.
4	Ate here twice on our last trip to Vegas. I had the Farm Burger on one visit, and the Brittania on the other. My wife and son both always eat theirs plain. We LOVED these burgers, and we're burger lovers. Burgers were cooked and seasoned perfectly, Staff was friendly and helpful. They were taping Master Chef there on a third day our we would have eaten a third lunch there!Good job, Gordon!
4	Ate here on a gambling business trip. Line up was quite long, but it was well worth the wait. After an hour, me and my bud were seated, and was presented with a wide selection of brews on a ipad. After selecting our drinks, we chose different burgers. I chose the hell's kitchen burger and it was amazing. You know how some burgers drip all this shit on a plate when you bite into it, but this burger was contained. All the juice was soaked into the patty, and each bite was great. The fries though sucked ass, but I came here for the burger.
5	I'm a huge Gordon Ramsey fan and finally got to eat at one of his restaurants in Las Vegas, Burgr Bar. We went around 3pm which was perfect because the wait was only about 15 minutes. During lunch and dinner expect to wait at least an hour. I personally loved the atmosphere and the food is awesome!  Seriously, how can a hot dog be that good?!  The burgers were just the right size and juicy. The flavor of all the food was awesome!  The beer battered onion rings were a delicious start to our meal. The Parmesan and Sweet Potato Fries are a great pair for the burgers.  I can't wait until I go back to Vegas next year so I can try one of his other restaurants.
4	Read the reviews. Had to try it as I do enjoy Kitchen Nightmares and wanted to see how a GR restaurant holds up.  Overall it was an exceptional restaurant experience. Service was fantastic. The waitress was knowledgable and attentive. Nathan one of the employees was running around checking on people and clearing tables. I assumed he was the manager. Turns out he was a busboy. The best bus boy I had ever seen.  Food was great, I got the Hell's Kitchen and my wife got the European.  The beef was juicy and cooked perfectly.  The toppings were perfect as well. They added to the flavor of the ground beef rather than cover it up. The onion rings and fries were great as well. Yes everything is expensive but this is the Las Vegas strip. It is competitively priced with everything else.
3	Couldn't wait to try this place. We went around 5pm on a Saturday and believe or not the wait was minimal. The service was great from the start. Waiter was friendly and explained the menu in detail. I had the hella kitchen burgr, my wife the farm burgr. Our burgrs were fine and they would've received 4 stars but my sons burgr was way too salty and the sweet potato fries was way to sweet for my liking.
5	Yes, I've seen Ramsay's shows....and yes, he comes across as a screaming maniac. But after seeing Kitchen Nightmares and hearing him preach about how to make a successful restaurant, trust me: DUDE KNOWS WHAT HE'S TALKING ABOUT, and he absolutely practices what he preaches.A little bit pricy, but hey, it's the Vegas strip, so what do you expect? I'll tell you what to expect:BEST BURGER EVER. And I live in Chicago, where there's no shortage of awesome burgers.I told the wait staff that if Chef Ramsay happens to show up while I'm there, I want to buy him a drink for having such good burgers on the menu. I was told he does go there surprisingly frequently and that he's really cool...
3	gordon ramsay. when you hear that name, you just want to try it because of all of the things he is involved in and the fact that he's a famous chef. which is what made my boyfriend and i want to try it even more is all of the ratings on yelp. our experience= overrated. sideways thumbs which is leaning more towards down. couldn't decide between 2 or 3 stars so i figured i'll be nice and give them 3. ordered: *honey pig bao buns comes with roasted pork belly, cucumber, radish, cilantro, honey hoisin sauce for $13. not bad. just not the best we've had! the meat is a bit chewy so it's hard to bite. which makes it a mess and the portion of bun and meat ratio not even. i'm asian and grew up eating asian things. this didn't really do it for my asian taste bud. i would recommend trying this at an asian restaurant instead.*american burger-american cheese, butter lettuce, tomato, pickle and onions for $13. their burgers are grilled over apple and alder wood. such a simple concept and burger. who could go wrong right? well, let's just say they didn't go wrong. i'm just not won over. it did not win me over. not mouthwatering. if you read my reviews you know i love me some burgers. in n out is better than this! *truffle fries $11- i have had better truffle fries at a mom and pops type of place in LA. better than the burger. if this is considered a great burger joint then I'm lost for words. My boyfriend and I were seriously so disappointed. saw a bunch of hostess standing around outside. customer service was just okay. nothing special or over the top. we totally would not come back. overly priced!tips:*they sell merchandise such as t shirts As souvenirs.*cool little fold out menu.*lots of hostess standing around. *you do get to order off an ipad for your beverages. *cool and modern decor.*there are TV's around.*cash and credit card accepted.*they serve alcohol.*located in planet hollywood.
3	Lived in Vegas all my life. Hate the strip and avoid it at all costs especially since I work there, but I'm obsessed with Gordon Ramsay thanks to Kitchen Nightmares as well as my boyfriend so we had to try it. Dined last night, walked in a little before 11. Got seated right away which was a nice surprise considering I was expecting some kind of wait. Loud atmosphere, but what else could you expect at a popular restaurant at a casino? Menu is simple and detailed well enough for customers to understand. We ordered onion rings as an appetizer which took longer than usual to come out, which was fine considering they were cooked to perfection. Boyfriend thought they were a little bland in taste over all, but I found them to be quite appetizing especially when dipped with their specialty ranch sauce, yum! I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger. Perfect spicy for me and my boyfriend got the American. Both our burgers were good, nothing to rave over, but we enjoyed them over all. Truffle Parmesan fries were very good! We figured we probably won't be going all the time so we might as well try their popular items. All in all they were good, quality was fresh and you can taste that in the food. Bill was $55 for everything we ordered and a drink. Good quality, good food, decent service.
4	Had the Hell's Kitchen burger with truffle fries.  Burger was great, fries are large enough to share.  Will be back to try the duck burger.  Nice beer selection, shake selection is good too.
4	I'll go ahead and make the disclaimer that my husband and I are avid Gordon Ramsey fans. We watch MasterChef and Hell's Kitchen and while the man is completely bonkers, his restaurants are truly something fantastic.We were able to put in our phone number and be notified via text when we should come back to be seated; VERY, VERY awesome system for those who don't want to wait in a line!Service was quick and friendly. We had two separate waiters, both dressed nicely and very knowledgable of the menu. Drinks were refilled promptly and food was delivered at a good temperature and within 15 minutes of ordering. The atmosphere is mod with an English flair. The food is served in the same manner. We had very basic burgers; one was juicy and full of flavor, while one was on the dry side and desperately needed 5 minutes less cook time.The bigger star of our meal were the sticky toffee pudding push up pops. DELICIOUSLY buttery and sugary, they were the perfect ending to the meal. The drink menu is unique, as they bring you an iPad to browse your choices. There are tons of beers available in bottles, and an extensive mixed drink and wine listing. Can't go wrong with any of these choices!
3	Atmosphere was good, the "farm burger" I had was good, but the service was slow and they didn't have any gluten-free options other than French fries.
5	I loved it here. Service was impeccable as well as the food. We had the onion rings, truffle fries, and I had the euro burger. Our onion rings came out just a few moments before our food which seemed slightly rushed but wasn't a big deal at all. Our waitress came over and apologized for the late appetizer and proceeded to take it off our check. Great surprise! Especially considering it wasn't a big deal at all. Everyone was super friendly and the ambiance was great. Our waitress told us Gordon himself had been in 2 times in the past 3 months which is a nice surprise and shows he cares. I figured his service and food would be good considering who he is and what he does but it definitely went above and beyond for me. What I think is the defining factor of a restaurant is whether or not I'd come back. Ill definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Very good burgersAttractive decorGood fries.Moderately priced for VegasGood service Not too long of a wait time on a Friday night
3	I also want to give it a 3.5 stars for "good, but not excellent" I had the Hell's kitchen burger- it was good, meat cooked to a nice pink medium rare, roasted pepper was juicy and mildly spicy, avocado was creamy. It was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. Nice to try but wouldn't go back for it. Umami Burger in SF/LA is still way tastier. Sorry Gordon!Note: One burger is super rich and we were fill halfway through our burgers. My bf and I each had one and could hardly eat our truffle fries. My advice is to finish your burgers first and then see if you have room for fries. Otherwise it's such a waste because fries just don't taste good once they're stale. Or, you could share just split one burger and order the fries.
3	It took us about 15 minutes to get in during the off season.This place was unbearably loud. There is no soundproofing to speak out and no walls! This is inside Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino which may partly explain the big noise factor.The burgers were good but not out of this world as you would expect with a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. The sweet potato fries were delicious.
5	This place is everything a burger place should be. Don't be afraid of the weird burger names. They're all delicious. The meat is cooked perfectly and the burgers are very juicy (not greasy). And don't forget to try the shakes. Definitely a unique twist on the everyday dessert.
1	Waited in line for 45 min.  When we got to the host and she said we weren't on the waiting list so we had to go in back of the line and wait another hour.  If we had known that there was a waiting list to sign in, we would've put our name in.  After us and a couple other people in line complained, many people angrily walking away, the girl that was supposed to check people in quickly started to go down the line signing people in acting like she was doing her job all along.  The problem here was that the worker assigned the job of signing people in the waiting list was not doing her job since she was nowhere to be seen from the time we got there, about 45 minutes, until we voiced our complaint along with the customers around us.  We asked for the manager.  His name was Benjamin.  At this point, we were very upset.  He came, told us to calm down; no apology given and even acted like we were in the wrong.  After 10 minutes of his defensive and non-accommodating stance, he decided to try to get us a table.  Not out of wanting to give us good service, but to look good in front of the other customers and to "process us." My girlfriend ate here before with a friend and recommended it because the food was good.  However, the bad customer service and the lack of effective management turned our experience sour.  The management had bad attitude.  If  the management had just apologized for their mistake, we would've stayed to eat, and be willing to wait.  The point here was not to get a table, but to acknowledge the problem and fix it for other customers that are in line.  It is not okay to treat customers this way.  He brushed us off in a condescending manner.You know Benjamin, you might get away with it because your standing behind Ramsay's name and he has good food, but the way the customers are treated makes the entire experience lacking.  Service = Incompetent.
2	Came on on my last day of my Vegas visit, because my friends wanted to try it out.The long was pretty long getting in, but we had the choice of giving the hostess our number to be on the waiting list.She said the approximate wait for us was about an hour and a half. We waited close to 2 hours and 15 minutes.Upon seating, it took us about 10 minutes to decide what we wanted to order. Our party consisted of 8 people. We each ordered a burger and a total of 3 different styles of fries.It took a almost an hour for our food to come out, the wait was quite disappointing. For the whole hour of waiting all we had in front of us were drinks. Not even our fries came out yet. After 45 minutes, we asked them to check on our food. Sadly my friend said it in a not so well manner, as we were all in a bad mood. "Umm, excuse me. Wheres are food? we've been waiting for a long time and even the our appetizers didn't come out yet." The Waitress responded. "Oh, wheres your food? uh... they're making it?" She said this with a nice friendly smile, as if were just messing around, but I can assure you we were really irritated.After another 15 minutes had passed, Our food finally came out. All 8 Burgers. Another 5 minutes, 2 fries came out, and another 5 after, the last order of fries.The food was great. At first I was thinking, 16 dollars for just a burger and it doesn't come with sides? Better be bomb.The burger was good, but I expected way more, considering the preparation took a good hour. The size of the burger wasn't out of the ordinary. Looked average compared to any other Burger joints.We had gratuity but we tipped a little more, not because the service was great or anything, but because some of us were and are servers ourselves, so we tip generously. If I don't know the struggles of a waiter, I'd probably just tip 15% for this experience.All in all, I was quite disappointed with this place, I probably will not be visiting again. I'd much rather go to "The Counter" or any other restaurant who's specialty is in burgers. The Food quality seems the same to me, (The Counter may be bigger in size depending on what you order, but the tastes is hardly a difference) but the prep time for food is much more reasonable then this place.At least on the day I visited. [Sunday Afternoon: 1:15p-4:00p ish]
4	So what does one do when they are hungry, loitering in the PH casino, and there is no line waiting for a table at BurGR... well, one walks right in a gets a table!  How lucky were we?Nice ambiance, nice greeters/waitstaff (and, yes, I enjoyed the uniforms), great menu.  I only wish that I had seen the counter seating.  It was so much fun to watch the kitchen activities from the table and I imagine it is even more fun from the counter. Let me say this, and be perfiectly clear: I love burgers, and I especially love a great burger.  Having fussed over the menu and really having a difficult time choosing... I opted for a dawg.  Yup... there I was, craving a dawg at a burger place... all because I saw this humongous, yummy looking dawg sitting on the counter awaiting delivery to some diner lucky enough to have ordered before us.Well, let me say this... and be perfectly clear again:  All of our burgers, fries, onion rings, and even the dawg were darn good.Two criticisms, though, if I may:1.  Not everyone likes Pepsi.  Some of us like Coke, as in Coca Cola.  Can't you serve Coke too?2.  The Chile Dawg.  Now this will sound odd, but it is a damned good dawg.  But it ain't much of a chile dawg.  Since when does two slices of fresno chile and two slices of jalepeno -- which appear from their thinness to have been sliced with a truffle slicer -- transform a damned good dawg into a chile dawg?  If I may, please consider changing the name from Chile Dawg to "Damned Good Dawg with a hint of chile" or "CaliDawg Light".
5	I was so excited to try out BurGr. It was everything I thought it would be. We waited in line for a bit but it was worth it. I had a simple cheeseburger and fries with a soda. It was delicious! The meat was well cooked and I loved the designer ketchups. The decor was fun and clean. The service was fantastic. Our food came out quick and our server was friendly and helpful.
3	After having an awesome meal at Gordon Ramsey Steak we thought we'd try out BurGR.  First up there was a 20 minute wait for a table of 2.  They don't take reservations, so that was a bit annoying.  Once seated the service was good. No complaints there.  I did think the interior space could have been punched up a bit.  It seemed a bit Food Court like for my taste.  I really did not need to see a GIANT pic of Ramsey my entire meal.The food was OK.  Honestly it did not taste any better then any other special burger place I've eaten (comparison would be Flip by Richard Blais).  We ordered the jalapeno poppers, which were good, but a bit cold. The burgers them self just left a bland feeling afterward.  My Partner ordered the American Burger recommended by the server and did not finish it because he felt it was tasteless.  I ordered the Bleu cheese burger and It was just a bleu cheese taste to it.  For $100 I would have expected more.  We had 3 cocktails 2 burgers and fries for that amount.  I would not go back, I actually debated on 2 stars, but felt bad because the staff was nice.  Really I guess a rating for me would have been 2.5 stars.
5	The drinks prior to the meal may have enhanced the whole experience, but it still lived up!! The hubby and I came late in the evening, we shared the burger with duck bacon on it, and fries... it rocked my world :) Up there with the best of the burgers I have eaten... The sticky toffee pudding sticks were sooooooo amazing - the ice cream.  It was soooo grainy, I got through it to get to the pudding!! Great waiter also!! Super nice!!!!!!
4	Being huge fans of Gordon Ramsay, we had to try this place out!the wait wasn't so bad-- just about 25 minutes on a weekday. The service was great, and the food was very good! I especially loved the sauces that came with fries. We also ordered the super tall milk shakes, which was really sweet but still very tasty. The price wasn't too bad forVegas either. Overall a good place to go if you don't want to shell out $$$$$.
1	Wasn't that impressed. Burger wasnt very tasty. Got the "Hells Kitchen" burger. On the far dry side considering I ordered it medium. Ketchup was disgusting. Tasted like "fancy ketchup" from Whataburger with spice mixed in. Worst Fail. Waitress only came by once to take drink/food order then disappeared until she came to tell us she was leaving and to introduce her replacement. Gordon Ramsey needs to try harder next time. Maybe he yelled a bit too much at these people and the food suffered for it.
4	Onion Rings were fantastic.  Truffle French Fries were all right: the truffle flavor ended up on the serving dish but were not detectable on the fries.  We got Chandrelle Burger: the chandrelle mixture was overly sweet and I am not sure the mushrooms were even chandrelles.  The burger itself was the same as all the other fancy burger places serve.
2	Maybe it was the hype... Gordon Ramsay, ya know? but honestly, for the price, and "hype. Was well below what was expected. The wait, was not so bad. Went at about 9-10pm on a wednesday the 28th of august. We waited maybe 20minutes, not bad IMHO. We were seated next to the flaming bugr sign. While cool, they definately need to add something to cool that area down, it's a bit warm from the flames. Although, wasn't TERRIBLE. just not the most pleasant place to sit. The wait inside. HOLY CRAP. slow service. For the most part, they're cooking HAMBURGERS. Just a hamburger, and some hotdogs. How long should this take? The menu isn't very big for entrees. Another waitress came by and saw the slight misery in my face while awaiting for our food. It was a good 30 minutes. and that is after the good 10 or so minutes of waiting to actually take our order.The burger. Was pretty darn good. Not $15 good for a burger, but pretty darn good. I know that I'm not paying for a $15 burger, I'm paying to eat at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. We opted for Onion Rings instead of the fries, excellent choice in my opinion. They were pretty darn delish. If I were to ever come here again, it'd be for that. When complete, it took a while to receive our ticket. I believe our total time spent inside, was a tad over an hour and a half from being seated. Overall, food was good, ruined by long ass wait for anything.
4	Have become a big fan of Gordon Ramsay over the past couple years and he's inspired me to cook more at home and branch out in what I do cook.  So I told myself the next time I was in town I would definitely drop by one of his restaurants and try it out.  I went on a Tuesday night, and there was still a small line outside the restaurant when I came inside PH, however I didn't have to wait too long as the hostess quickly sat everyone ahead of me.  I was in town on business alone so I sat up at the bar near the kitchen and watched the parade of burgers, dogs, and fries leave.  The wait staff was quite friendly and I couldn't help but notice how tight the uniforms were.  I did think that was kind of odd for the type of restaurant it was, but maybe that's just me.I ordered the Britannia Burger and sweet potato fries.  The burger was topped with extra sharp cheddar, a little mango salsa, and some arugula.  While I waited on my food I found it very interesting to watch the cooks go about their business plating the burgers or fries and the occasional hot dog or salad that came out of the kitchen.  I couldn't help but picture Chef Ramsay standing their barking at them as he does in many of his shows on TV.  The wait staff was very attentive and kept checking on me while my food was being cooked.  The wait wasn't too long and the burger was cooked to perfection.  I could really taste the sharp cheddar and just the hint of sweetness from the mangoes.  The fries came with a jalapeno/mayo dipping sauce and dusted lightly in powdered sugar.  The sauce had just a hint of the jalapeno flavor and a little burn at the end, but nothing that was over powering.  Fries were all nice and crispy and cooked well.Price of course was a little higher than average, but when you're in Vegas on the strip, you have to expect it.  But overall I really enjoyed my experience and look forward to making a return trip the next time I'm in town.
2	I think Gordon Ramsey needs to practice what he preaches. I love his shows where he is always complaining about the food being too cold or raw. I had lunch at about 1:30 pm.    I had the damnation chicken burger which was served slightly above room temperature. It taste fine but there was no heat to the burger that boasted jalapino as a main ingredient. I did not see a jalapino anywhere. It was cooked through and served on a plate with no garnish just an empty plate.I also got the chocolate and carmel milkshake. This was served just above room temperature. Not cold like a good shake. It also had the caramel as a layer on top of the chocolate. I had to stir the shake to combine the caramel into the chocolate and since it was filled so high it spilled over the edge down the side and onto the table. I had to get someone to clean up the mess.I also got the sweet potato fries. They were also served just above room temp. Covered in powdered sugar with a dipping sauce that was like weak lemon curd it was more of a dessert that fries. The fries were cooked well but I could only eat about one-fourth of the order. (It was a huge amount of fries that could easily feed two or three people.) I was so over taken by the sugar on the fries that I had to stop eating them as I was starting to not feel well. By the time I left I was not well at all. I started having an upset stomach and really bad gas as well as feeling like I had motion sickness. This continued all night and I felt so bad I could not eat anything  for the rest of the night. That was last night This morning I feel better but bloated.I was not impressed with the food though I really wanted to be impressed. The decor is nice and the staff is young and sexy. I guess Gordon is selling sex appeal to make up for the food. The music was bit loud so people had to talk louder to be heard which made for a very loud lunch. They had wide screen tv sets to watch so I watched all the fast food commercials. I spent $40 with tax and tip for lunch. I have had meals at Red Robbin and Subways that I have enjoyed more. Go by the place and take pictures of the fire wall but pass the meal and get something cheaper at the food court.
4	Food was awesome. You must try the hell's fire burger and the euro burger. Both have exceptional taste, and are made with delicacy. Also try the truffle fries; they complete the meal. I knocked off a star because the wait was long. It took about 40 minutes for the food to come out after we already ordered. Perhaps it was just a busy Friday night during Labor Day weekend.
2	At times I get overwhelmed and I struggle coming up with catching words to have my followers get my point. Every burger should be made by an american chef. All due respect Chef Ramsay but your burGR is horrible. Wow. the wife and I were so excited that we made reservation @this burger joint a.k.a. GR BurGr restaurant located inside the Planet Hollywood hotel on the vegas strip BLV. We both were so excited, we decided to order the Wings/ Japano poppers. The wings were super nasty and frozen b4 deep fried. and way too dry. Chef Ramsay can be such a hypocrite at talking S*** at all the other restaurants for "entertainment" yet his own restaurants are suffering in both quality foods and services. Shame on the restaurant for using frozen foods for customers that are paying high dollar for their foods. The waitress kept on apologizing to us on how he's so "busy" and that our burgers should be served soon. He was able to bring me and the wife our drinks but yet no refills. I mean am having a beer, I like to keep the buzz going during and after my meal. If he/she stop serving beer, the buzz will go away... So, yes the buzz went away after 20mins waiting for my beer. The next bigger issue I had was my burger was over cooked. i asked for medium well burger, to be juicy from the inside and crispy from the outside. The burger was so overcooked and dried I stopped after the 2nd bite. I told the waitress about the issue, and he said "Awww am so sorry." He also added, "I'll make sure this will not happen next time." Umm... who is stupid enough to do the mistake again twice? Call me a fool once but don't you dear call me a fool again!! What a waste of $87 for two people that was at this restaurant. I cant even be funny or have a sense of humor writing this because of the disappointment I had w/ the wife at our wedding anniversary night. Anyway, I wouldn't go back even if Chef GR himself gave me his sincere apology. That is how bad this place was and the sadness it caused us two. Grade: F and "bloody horrible mate" as the good english GR would say. Overall, me and the wife admired him and his shows the past few years. After dinning in at one of the many restaurant he has in the United States we lost all respect to him as a chef and an entertainer as well.
4	If I am being honest, I was expecting a bit more glitz and glamor from Chef Ramsay. While the burger was good, nearly a week has passed since I had it and I'm having a hard time articulating what it is that I ate. The french fries were good, just a smidgeon of truffle flavor. Some of my other friends liked the place so much they wanted to go back for a meal the next day ::shrug::I want to say if I'm staying in Planet Hollywood, I wouldn't mind coming here at all- just can't say it has a solid placement on my must have Vegas dining destinations.I got to try a bit of their caramel push pops (there was a better name for this). This was good.Service was also on point. We lined up at 6pm and didn't get in until 7pm- they take down your phone number and text you when it's ready (we ended up getting drinks and riding a bull during the downtime). Next time, I'll make sure to put in my name early if I plan on eating at 6pm. They also have a cool flame sign out in front, definitely screams Hell's Kitchen.
5	My girlfriend and I went there in August '13 and it was a great experience. The food was really good and the service was even better. After aproximately 30 minutes in the line (they don't take reservations) we were seated at a table close to the kitchen. At the table you get an interactive drink menu with info on all the cocktails, beers and wine. My GFs cocktail (slow screw) was good, but a bit too sweet for her taste (she didn't know what kind of drink it was beforehand). As a starter we shared the fury chicken wings. They were heavenly! The meat fell off the bone as soon as you cut into them. As for flavours - the mild ones were absolutely delicious. The spicy ones had blue cheese on them and I am not a big fan of blue cheese because I think its destinctive flavour overthrows all the others. But in combination with the spices it really worked out well. My GF then had the Earth Burger and from what I tasted it was really good. The goat cheese really made it into something out of the ordinary. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger and it was absolutely mouthwatering. The meat was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and the whole palette of flavours was great. As a side I had the Beer Battered Maoi Onion Rings which were delicious as well. The house made Ketchup and Ranchsauce really stood out. My GFs Sweet Potatoe Fries were good, but we both didn't care for the sugar on top of them!Sadly we were both too full to order some Shakes because they looked awesome...The service was perfect! We had the cutest waitress (can't remember her name though). She was quick, attentive and friendly. Just what we expected.
3	Tell me what the rave is about? 45 min wait in line and we dominated the burgers within minutes. I ordered the damnation burger which was chicken and dilled pickles with lettuce wrap. It was more or less a protein burger. The flavor wasn't great, and was disappointed. My boyfriend ordered the euro burger and it was much more flavorful.  If you go, order beef burgers, it looks big, but it's because of the bun. The service wasn't bad I suppose, quite nice and burgers did take awhile to get to us. They mentioned that they make everything as orders are placed to ensure freshness. Ok, I give you that.But will I return? Um..not likely and I'd try other burger places on the strip. For the wait, cost, and taste? No..
4	Really liked it! There is a unique twist on each burger. We were a party of four and each one received burgers cooked to perfection. The plating is tasteful and suits the ambiance.
5	Best Burger I have ever had ,you can expect to wait a bit but the line moves fast and don't expect a Whopper once you get there this is the Real Deal the Truffle Fries are Great too priced Fair and Good Sevice makes this Must Try Place
4	This was definitely worth the 1 hour wait, my wife and I went for dinner on a sunday night, once you sit down it was smooth sailings from there... I had the blue cheese burger and it was to die for, we shared the parmesan truffle fries and were those. The technology in the restaurant is cool as well, the incorporate the use of ipads and ipods... If there is a wait they take down your phone number and text you when your table is ready.
2	Mr. Ramsey, what happened to the amazing chef I have seen on TV, sending back food for not being good enough. I guess that is only on TV. We arrived late on a Saturday night so excited to experience for the first time a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. I am a huge fan of his and was excited to experience this place. The wait was not long at all. Our server was nice but seemed very rushed and not attentive at all. I asked what she would recommend and said that people order a lot of the Farm Burger- I think that was a recommendation, not quite sure? I decided to try it any way, since who could go wrong with Duck Bacon (mind blown) we also ordered the truffle fries and sweet potatoes fries. The food came out pretty quickly and the server who delivered the food very quickly went over what is in each burger. The farm burger had duck bacon and a runny egg. The bun was nice a soft and made in house. The burger just did not have any flavor or seasoning. It was very plain. The truffle fries on the other hand were amazing, jammed pack with flavor!  Overall it was nothing to rave about. For the cost, I will not be back to have another burger. For a chef who prides himself on flavor and perfection, this is far from it. I would be a little embarrassed if I were him.
5	Most amazing burger I have ever had ... Drinks were pricey and the wait was long but it was totally worth it
5	I can't wait to go back to Las Vegas and eat here again. I love the place. I did not have to wait at all despite a long line. The food was absolutely phenomenal. Selection of drinks was great. I love their iPad drink menu! Service was top notch. 5 stars all the way. Good job Chef Ramsey!
5	The hype for this place is everywhere so I decided to check it out with some coworkers. It was absolutely hyped for a reason. One of the best places in Las Vegas to get a burger!I ordered the Farm Burger. It was a sesame see toasted bun, with fried egg, english sharp cheddar, and duck breast bacon. It was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth! The egg was cooked well and their was yolk in every delicious bite. The duck breast bacon good, but I expected it to be more savory. It's okay though because the burger made up for it!!For appetizers we got parmesan truffle fries, jalapeno poppers, and wings. The truffle fries were the best out there. Lots of parmesan cheese and the best part of all was their house ketchup sauce. It worked amazing with the fries. The jalapeno poppers were good too. They came in a cheese sauce that cooled down the spice. The chef included seeds in one popper making it a game of roulette for which one had it. It came down to the last one! I split it with my coworker and it was spicy!The wings I weren't a fan of. They bring out a duo, one more traditional buffalo and the other wasabi style. The cool thing is they scrape away some of the meat so you don't get your fingers very messy and can hold the wing by the bone. But unfortunately neither style of wings worked for me. The traditional had a good spice but it wasn't anything great. I took one bite of the wasabi and that was it. It wasn't spicy at all, but kind of sweet and it just didn't work for me at all. All in all I plan to return and soon. The menu is decently priced, better than I was expecting. The food was amazing and I can truly say they do a burger right.
4	The wait: Ridiculously long.  The burger taste: Absolutely fantastic! The price: Outrageously overpriced.  The environment: Unexpectedly casual for GR.  The shakes: MUST TRY. Oreo. Get it.The name of the burger is escaping me at the moment, but it's the one with arugula salad and fig onion jam.  I'm still drooling over the jam and how perfectly cooked the burger was.  The multigrain bun it came on was also soft and fluffy, just the way I like it!  The truffle fries were delicious but I was slightly disappointed because they tasted like they had been sitting out for some time.  Now, onto dessert! You have to, I repeat, HAVE TO try their Oreo shake....it is simply mind blowing! My two favorites: Creme brulee and oreo....genius combo, put into one shake.  The two paired so well together.  If I wasn't clubbing that night, believe me, I wouldda finished that baby like no other, but poor me had to worry about fitting into my tight skirt that night!   Overall, this just might be the 2nd best burger I've ever had (first being Father's Office).
4	We were in town for 5 days. Actually passed this place twice, before going in today. The wait was about 10 min. I took a look around to see how the food was as it passed by.So we ordered a chicken burGR, sweet potato fries and a great chocolate truffle shake. The sandwich was delicious, and there were too many fries to eat. This was the best $9 shake I ever had. Reminded me of John Travolta in Pulp Fiction when he order a $7 shake. "it's the best damn $7 shake I had"I recommend this restaurant to people visiting LV, Planet Hollywood.
5	If you go when it first opens up then the wait to get through the door is less than 10 minutes. We had a party of 6 but if you're only a couple you'll be seated much faster or sit at the bar. The customer service was excellent and very fast considering it was a full house within 10 minutes of opening the doors.We started with the jalapeno poppers - be careful because one of them still have the seeds and stem hidden - other than that little surprise those suckers are pretty good. You only get six but well worth it.I got the Farm Burger medium and my hubby for the Blue Burger medium rare. The burgers melt in your mouth and they do not need any type of sauce. The Farm Burger has a fried egg with duck breast bacon and sharp cheddar cheese. I cut mine in half and watched the egg drip over the burger...yummers!Overall I'd go back. It's a little on the expensive side but hey its Chef Ramsey so its worth it at least once.
4	Great BurGR,great apps, wings were killer...had shake too,very good...exellent service... it's a lot of hype,but worth trying once...so many burger option now on the strip...you won't be sorry. Overall-Good Pull
4	Have been here twice now and both times it was amazing. It is now going to be a tradition to go back on every trip we make to Vegas. There is always a wait but you can put your name in and they will send you a text when your table is almost ready so that you don't have to just stand in line. The first time I tried the burger the pepper on it and it was HOT I ended up having to pick it off halfway through but the flavor was incredible. The sweet potato fries are a must try, they are served with a dip that really makes the fries better than anyone else's. The burgers are the perfect size not too thick but not super thin, they also come on a unique bun that suites the burger well. We tried the parmesan fries the second time and they are good also, they come with a garlic dip that is super potent but goes well with the parmesan on top of the fries. As far as service I would have expected something better from a place of Gordon's, that is the only reason I am not giving them 5 stars. We had to wait forever for refills and our waitress hardly checked back on us... at least the food didn't have any problems that needed addressing.
5	I love love love this place! I can honestly say this is the best place to have the best burger in the valley! (followed closely by Bachi). We were here just this weekend to celebrate my father's birthday and I've been looking forward to my visit here since I first had their sliders and their sticky pudding from Vegas Uncork'd. And they haven't disappointed. We got there around 6pm and there was a line. The hostess took my name and for how many and told us the wait would be about 30min and that they'll shoot us a text message when our table is ready. About 10mins after they sent us a message saying our table is ready. Yay! We were promptly seated and let me just say our server was great. My brother got the Hell's Kitchen burger, my dad had the Chanterelle, my mom the American, and I had the Britannia. All of them were really good and juicy! Perfectly seasoned and cooked. And did I tell you that their TRUFFLE FRIES were to die for?! We had to order two of them cuz my daughter, who's a picky eater, wouldn't share any!! And don't forget to order from their bar! Their antioxidant cocktail was bomb!! I couldn't stop talking about it the next day and would definitely be back! :)
2	$17 dollar burger, terrible service, and the sandwich absolutely was not outstanding.I wouldn't say the burger was bad; it was, in fact, relatively good. Just not $14 good; especially for not coming with a side. The $17 above came from the fact that mushrooms on top were $3 without warning from the waitress. I was really looking forward to this sandwich, but the overall experience led to a bust. I've had burgers that were more enjoyable than this at a much lower cost. Having to be there for 2.5 hours due to slow service wasn't cool; neither was having to split our own check while ensuring that taxes were properly calculated. Having everyone's drink (water & soda) brought out one-by-one, with long intervals was also interesting... in a bad way.
2	While we were fortunate to get a table within 5 minutes, and our waitress was very friendly, what a disappointment this visit turned out to be. $16 for a tough overcooked burger (that tasted like it started out frozen) isn't something I yearn for. And while the fig-oniony sauce sounded fab, there was so little of it on the burger that only one bite showcased the flavor so what's the point? Lastly on the burger, the bun was hard and stale, seems to me a burger joint should be able to do better than this. Best part of the meal was the onion rings, with nice and crispy batter and the cheesy ranch was an interesting dip. We finished off lunch with the sticky toffee pops and those were icky. The ice cream was crystally like it'd been frozen a very long time, and the cake portion was cloyingly sweet.After today's meal, the conclusion is I won't need to return.
3	For a restaurant with Gordon Ramsay's name, it was not as impressive as I thought it'd be. The floors were dirty, and nothing looked very well maintained. Decent burgers, but they didn't taste fresh or juicy. Truffle fries were ok but not very well seasoned. I'd shake it up a bit, but I think the bottom portion of the fries where all the seasoning is, is just unsalvageable. Not a restaurant to rave about or even suggest going to if you're staying in Vegas.
5	All my food was very tasty here. I rarely give 5 stars but Alex with the glasses made my experience all the more special. He knew our table's taste buds down to a t! My mom is a picky eater and likes simple foods but he picked out a great burger and beer and she had no complaints. She was even surprised that she liked duck bacon. He suggested I get a half Guinness and half Sam Adams cherry wheat beer which was also great! The sticky toffee pudding in the push pop form is a must! I had the the chanterelle mushroom burger which was excellent. The food alone is worth 4 stars but Alex with the glasses made me give 5 stars!
5	Amazing burgers; pretty unique and well-presented. I wish the environment were not as busy but this won't overshadow your experience at BURGR. I recommend the farm burger and the Oreo shake. Great value. Friendly staff. 5 stars!
4	I was lucky enough to not have to wait in the long line at BurGr because I was by myself and sat at the bar.  I got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and it was awesome.  Very well cooked and the flavors were great.  I also ordered a side of fries and they were good but definitely meant for two people to share.Great burger but if I had to wait in the line I'd probably pick another place to eat.
5	Awesome service. Awesome food. Couldn't ask for more. Must try this place out. The workers know what Ramsay wants in service and food. Meets his standards. Don't miss out. Yum!!
5	Went twice in the past month because this place serves a damn good burger and is an incredible value for Vegas.  The Hell's Kitchen burger is my favorite, but twice I've been with vegetarians and they were really happy with the Earth Burger.  My man liked the burger with duck and egg the best.  Jalapeno poppers are outstanding, but I would have been upset if I had gotten the really hot one.  And their milkshakes with pudding are incredible.  Truffle fries were whatever.If you have a player's card (Total Rewards) for Planet Hollywood (or any of its sister casinos), most of the menu items are $1 off.  I like that a lot!Also, if you have 3 or more in your group, you can give your info to the hostess and they'll text you when your table is ready.  That is awesome... so go gamble and get your free drinks while you wait!
5	Pretty cool check in system...wait was 35 minutes...Good is here!
5	AMAZING! Waited in line for 20 minutes, which I thought took days! But it was all worth it! Our waitress was very friendly and prompt. Hell's Kitchen Burger was exceptional! What did it for me were the Jalapeno Poppers & the Creme Brulee Oreo Shake. Absolutely delicious! Everything from the burger to the ketchup had a unique taste to it. For a food lover like me, this is definitely a must have!
5	Bomb dot freaking com. Came here during the last day of our labor day weekend trip and so glad that we did. The burger was so damn hood. I had the farm burger with duck breast bacon. So tasty. I don't eat pork so I can't comment on it's authenticity. My boy ordered the hells kitchen burger and his exact words were "I've never tasted a burger like this". In other words the food is awesome. Our waitress on the other hand was okay.  Took too long for waters.  The hostess were great though. We had to wait an hour for our table but that's expected at such a popular place.
2	Nothing special. Just another place trying to capitalize off a famous name. I doubt Gordon Ramsey is aware of the quality of the food here. Also, it is in Planet Hollywood. This casino has the worst parking. You have to walk a mile from the parking structure to get anywhere.
5	Ok I thought for sure it wouldn't live up to the expectations. I was wrong. It is just like you would expect
4	Excellent food overall and really good service at a pretty reasonable price. The shakes are really good, the fries and onion rings delicious and of course the burgers were great. Perfectly cooked. Get here when they open or be prepared to wait a long long time.
5	Everyone must try the MILKSHAKES =D OMG!!!! It's heavenly! You can even get the mlikshakes to go hehe! I got the Hell's Kitchen burger and shared the sweet potato fries with my friend. The burger was juicy and the bun was cooked perfectly.
3	This was my first time ever coming to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and i have to say that the food was amazing. I highly recommend the fries and the classic american burger. My friends had the shakes and had no complaints!!!However, the service i was not impressed with at all. After waiting an hour to be seated, we were sat at a table (there were 5 individuals) that was meant for 4 people and the hostess did not act as if there was any issue with this placement. Next, we ordered shakes that came before our water and to top it all off, the waitress never told us that the fries came in such large portions so we looked pretty stupid sitting there with the fries but luckily we were able to have 2 orders of fries removed from the bill.Overall it was an okay place.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place so that's why it gets a 3. Ordered the Caesar salad which sounded interesting but the apples seemed like an after thought, just a little topping to a mediocre overly dressed pile of lettuce. I got the American burger which was really juicy and delicious and bf got the Hell's Kitchen which he loved. It definitely has a big kick, if you don't like spice you won't like that! Service was super slow but we were watching tennis anyway so no big deal. It's decent and better than eating lunch at a bar where everyone is getting drunk so 3 stars, served its purpose for what we needed.
5	This is such a cool restaurant!  First time here and the food was so good!  The service and the waitress we had was great too!  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone!  So cool to Be at too
5	HOLY CRAP Ramsay you did not disappoint me! Everytime I look at the pictures of the burger I ate here, I get so hungry and can still taste every bite of it. This is how food should be people!We were hungry after watching a Cirque du Soleil show at Aria and debated between Holsteins, Ramsay's, or Bachi Burger. Being that it was really late when we got outta the show (around 10pmish?) We didn't wanna drive off the strip, so it was between Holstein's and Ramsay's. To be honest when I browsed the menu at GR's through my yelp app, nothing stood out compared to Holstein's. I guess that's the magic and how you truly know a restaurant is good. Rather than advertising like crazy with "kobe beef this organic that blah blah" Ramsay's menu was short & simple. No rants and raves about how or where their meat and food are sourced, yet the beauty is still presented in the food.The restaurant is located inside PH, but it's on the outer edge toward the strip, you can't miss the sign near Pink's Hot Dogs and the stairs. When we arrived we didn't have to wait at all, maybe 10 mins max. I loved the open kitchen and we were lucky to get a table near it so we could see the chefs do their thang. The menu was cute & simple with a picture of Ramsay. Our server was such a nice guy I forgot his name, but I think he might be the manager? He gave us a run down of all the items and even let us browse the ipad for their different shakes etc.NOW ON TO THE GOOD STUFF:I was debating between Hell's Kitchen Burger & Farm Burger, but the server was nice enough to let me know he could place the order for Hell's Kitchen Burger and just add the duck breast bacon with egg for me. WELL HOT DAYUM thank you! It was the best creation ever made. I swear they should make it a permanent menu item. The burger was a perfect blend with the roasted jalapeno peppers, duck breast bacon, and fried egg. OMG dat fried egg!! If you see my pic http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/6aMGpHWfe9vlUMfwPj5uMA/l.jpg it's cooked perfectly with the yolk running beautifully after a slight pat down on the bun. I LOVED the duck breast bacon as well. It was crispy and tasted better than regular bacon YEAH THAT'S RIGHT I SAID IT. It wasn't greasy like most bacon would be. The avocado fan on the burger was ripe & buttery smooth as it should be. The heat from the jalapeno didn't overpower the burger, it gave the perfect kick to it. Honestly this burger was definitely worth the price!! The patties are a good size and juicy, it will fill you up. Also, I ordered mine medium rare and that's exactly what was delivered, I hate when burger places make the burger too dry or overcook the outside. Normally I get burgers protein style, but it's vegas so my diet did not exist and glad I got the buns cause they were soft yet toasted nicely :)Chanterelle Burger - My friend ordered this w/ a double patty and I got a bite, but it was just average for me. Perhaps it was cause I ate my amazing burger creation first LOL. His patties were both cooked to perfect medium rare as well and was juicy. I liked the figgy jam they used with this burger as it added sweetness and complemented the mushrooms.Truffle Parmesan Fries - GOOD STUFF! Plenty of shredded truffle parmesan & the aioli was good, but I thought these fries tasted better w/ their curry ketchup. What I love best about these fries is the fact that it was thick cut and NOT SOGGY!! Each fry was crispy on the outside yet fluffy inside which is how it should be!Sweet Potato Fries - Again not one fry was soggy & I really loved the flavors they mixed w/ the fries. The vanilla powdered sugar added sweetness w/out making it feel like sugar overload. The honey jalapeno mayo was a great dip for the fries as well. Highly recommend if you're a sweet potato fanHoney-Pig Bao Buns - The server/manager guy that we talked to was such a sweetheart and hooked this up for us for free!! Love this guy he even gave me a free GR pen lol. Customer service at its finest. These were basically like the typical roast pork buns you see at chinese restaurants, but w/ Ramsay's twist. It was different than what I'm used to cause instead of plum sauce, they used honey-hoisin. The buns were soft and pork belly was fatty, but good.Planet Hollywood sure knows how to choose which restaurants are best to be in their casino. First Earl's of Sandwich and now GR BURGR!! I wanted to buy a shirt, but they didn't have my size :( I seriously am planning another vegas trip just so I can eat here again LOL. A lot of the tables ordered their shakes and it looked really good, but I was way too full to give it a try. Now that I'm back in Cali, I keep trying to find a burger place that will match what I ate at GR's, but have had no luck. BTW get a total rewards card! You'll get a discount on the food
2	Just ok - I think I had higher expectations.
5	A month ago, we decided to go try Chef Ramsay's Burgers. Definitely one of dee BEST food that I ever ate in my life! THIS IS FREAKIN' AMAZING!!! The first thing I noticed is Chef Ramsay's face on the menu. It made me laugh because his expression is hilarious. Idk that's just me hehe. The food here is definitely expensive for sure; of course, that's what do you expect from a michelin star chef ;) When I ate the hamburgers, I noticed how well the meat is cooked, how tasty and flavorful the hamburger bun was, and droolss. I'm in hamburger heaven!!! :D The fries were also delicious and it comes with two different kind of sauces. I like how seasoned the fries are. Oh and did I mention about the shake? OMG. So good! There's like a cookie on top of the pudding, which layers above the actual chocolate shake. It's very creamy and smooth compared to the all of the milkshakes that I ever tried. There's no sign of ice and chunks of chocolate; it's pretty much well-done. WOW. There should be more restaurants like this in the bay area!
4	Given his three shows on Fox, I had long been curious about Gordon Ramsay and his cooking.  It's clear he knows his stuff (hence the yelling), but backing it up is another thing.  Despite my curiosity though, we didn't plan on hitting up two of his restaurants (GR Pub and Grill was the other)...but it certainly worked out well!While I liked the decor and service (our waitress Tammy was super friendly...and funny), let's be honest - Gordon Ramsay's name and food is what people really care about here.  Compared to the other burger joints I've tried in Vegas (Holstein's and BLT Burger), BurGR's menu options aren't quite as plentiful.  However, for what they may have lacked in quantity, they certainly made up for in quality.-- FARM BURGER with Duck Breast Bacon, English Sharp Cheddar, and a Fried Egg...$15/$14**(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#sBOTjyHkhxZRVOLVnCLvsA)The black and white sesame bun was pretty different visually and I liked how soft it was.  The patty was both moist and flavorful and while I would have preferred pork, the duck bacon went well with the egg and cheese.  Pretty tasty overall.-- TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES with Truffle Parmesan, Truffle Salt, and Truffle Aioli...$11/$10**(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#czEJpJ9QxE-ALZlpWMgZ6Q)The fries were cut a little larger than I expected, but they were still so crispy and delicious.  Just loaded with truffle flavored goodness.  Definitely recommended.-- SWEET POTATO FRIES with Vanilla Powdered Sugar & Honey Jalapeno Mayo...$9/$8**(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#xl00KTbEFS-UTX4o0wVLoQ)While the Parmesan Fries were a hit, this one completely missed.  Since the fries are naturally sweet already, adding the powdered sugar was overkill.  The five of us only ate a third of it before giving the rest to our friends that came in after us.**NOTE: Menu prices are slightly cheaper if you have a Total Rewards player's card.Given Gordon Ramsay's burgeoning popularity, there's typically a wait for a table, but make a reservation at the hostess stand and you won't be tethered to standing in the line the whole time.  Even if you don't though, the burgers at BurGR are worth the wait.  Now to try Gordon Ramsay Steak to complete my set!
4	I'm a fan of Gordon Ramsay's . Hells Kitchen and his other programs are very entertaining to me . So when I found out Gordon Ramsay BurGR was located in the Planet Hollywood it was a natural for Dinner .I rolled there with a Sidekick we waited in line for about 20 minutes . We were then seated at the Counter . Our Server was very Friendly and Attractive. She left us Menus to peruse.I ordered Truffle Fries,Honey Bao Bao, Chocolate Pudding Shake ,Duck Bacon Farm Fresh Burger and Onion Rings.My Companion ordered  Truffle fries , Honey Bao Bao,Chocolate Pudding Shake, Bleu Cheese Burger,and Onion Rings.First Out was the Truffle Fries and the Shakes. Both were very good and tasty. Next out was the Honey Bao Bao -This was a Show Stopper Ultra Yummy  Pork Belly in Hoison Sauce in a Steamed Bun Yum. This is a must order. Out next was my Duck Bacon Burger with a Sunny Side Up Farm Fresh Egg Topping  the Burger . Omg probably one of the best burgers Ive ever had. Very Good and Earthy. Last but not least the Onion Rings very good also.I paid by Discover Card and Rolled out.Gordon Ramsay BurGR is a definite must Eat at it lives up to its Name.
3	Thankfully there wasn't a wait/line to eat here on a Wednesday lunchtime.I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and split some onion rings with my wife.  The burger came cooked medium and the smoked jalapeno was really really spicy (the avocado helped calm it down some)  I liked the regular & black sesame seeded bun - it was a tad "doughy", but held together well.The onion rings had a good flavor/size/crunch but sadly were a little too greasy (perhaps the oil wasn't up to temperature?) the spicy ketchup and ranch they come with were good.We ordered the sticky toffee pudding "pops" for dessert and these weren't great.  The sponge part (the sticky toffee part) was very authentic, but the "salted peanut" ice cream was not good at all - it really didn't taste of anything outside of icy milk.So I suggest they serve sticky toffee pudding the "proper" way with hot custard.The bill for 2 burgers, one order of onion rings, 3 beers and the dessert came to $80 with tip which honestly left me feeling like it was a little too much (I know we are right on the Strip, but I don't think the taste of the food warranted that cost).
5	You know, for Vegas this isn't badly priced! My bf and I love Gordon and his shows, and was excited to try this, and because my BF lovesss burgers. We were expecting like $20 for a burger, it was about $5 less, around $14-$17ish. The line looked very long, but we only waited for like 15-20 minutes. It wasn't a fancy burger place, we wore our regular clothes (shorts and a tee). Service was good. I thought it was a great burger because1. I finished it all2. The buns didn't get soggy in like 5 seconds3. The meat was very tender and flavorful4. It was the right amount/portion5. The bun was crispy or something was crispy that made it taste goodAlso, share a basket of truffle fries! We didn't even finish it because it was soo thickly cut. The Parmesan cheese on it was veryyyy tasty. It's worth a try!
3	Just okay. Service was decent and the sides were good but our burgers were decidedly average among the "high-end" burger joints popping up all over Las Vegas. Also the pudding shakes don't quite measure up to a good ice cream shake. The fish sandwich looked excellent, wish we ordered that instead. For a high end burger and a shake you would do better at a few (less crowded) places, especially Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay which is outstanding.
4	My friend is obsessed with Gordon Ramsay so on our last Vegas trip, we had to stop by before we left for home. We didn't have to wait too long before we were seated. They use an iPad to display their drink menu which is cool. My friends and I ordered an Oreo milkshake which was amazing! A huge glass is filled 3/4 with Oreo milkshake, then the top 1/4 is filled with creme brulee pudding and finally, it's garnished with a dollop of whipped cream and an Oreo cookie. YUM!! It was so delicious but also super filling - my friends and I were full after 3 sips.As for the burgers, we ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger, euro burger, and the farm burger. We also ordered a side of truffle parmesan fries. All of the burgers were juicy and delicious and the fries were perfect as well. I would definitely come back here again.
2	I see so many 4-5 star reviews for this place, but after trying so many menu items, it has to be about the burgers and my experience was particularly bland.  One of my friends and his girlfriend were raving about this place, since they came the previous month and told me that I had to come try it for myself.  We had the following:**Jalapeno Poppers: Now these are legitimately awesome, and would get them on their own.  Great taste, not to spicy and a perfect sauce.  **Fries (Truffle Parmesan/Sweet Potato/Regular): These were all delicious, as was their accompanying sauces. **Hells Kitchen Burger: So shouldn't this be the main event?  I was anxiously awaiting some crazy taste bud exploding moment of ecstasy that never came.  The meat was bland, the cheese didn't have much of a taste and I never felt like I tasted the peppers.  I did get it medium, so I was surprised that it was so devoid of flavors.  What happened to this supposedly insane burger?Service wasn't good.  After we ordered, the waiter mentioned that since the burgers taken 30-45 minutes to make, we might want to think about some appetizers.  Great, thanks for letting us know.  We ordered three (3) appetizers, and they came out about 25 minutes later.  3-4 minutes after that all our burgers came out.  So much for getting appetizers to hold us over for our meal. We all had suspicions that our tab was intentionally  raised, but whatever.  Since we had players cards, we had a small discount on the food, which amounted to about $20.  He forgot to apply it, and he said he would after he ran our credit/debit cards.  He "forgot" yet again, until I explained to him that he had not ran our players card discount.  He did finally corrected it, but after I spotted it twice.  My party felt like he was doing way too many things on "purpose" to forget to apply the discount.  The funny thing is that I did not want to say anything about my experience at BurGR with my friends since one of them really wanted us to go try it out.  It wasn't until we went to Fat Burger right before we were heading back home that two of my friends commented on how much better Fat Burger was than BurGR, at a fraction of the price.  And I completely agreed in not only cost but in flavor.I might try it out again, since so many people rave about it.  But I may have to share a plate in case I am disappointed again.
1	Worst place to eat, they forget to bring your food and ask that you pay for the food you did not get.
5	Our dining experience here was definitely top notch. Waited in line for like 10 mins and got in. Service was definitely 5 stars due to the fact that the manager (Benji) sat us down and as soon as We asked him what was good there he took the time to ask how hungry I was and gave us a great pairing of of an app, entree, dessert, and drinks. The price was well worth it for high quality of food. We had the stuffed jalepeno poppers with an awesome sauce for our app. It was paired wit a spicy margarita and a blue moon pumpkin spiced beer that was greatly recommended by Benji the manager. When my lady got get drink b4 the app came out he expedited it so she didn't have to wait to drink wit it the app. We had the farm burger and the Hell's Kitchen burger! All I have to say is taste it and don't just read about it! I'm a food lover and it was the best burger I've ate so far till something else de-throwns it lol. I also like how every time a dish came out it was kindly explained by the friendly staff. Then for desert we had push pop ice cream cakes that topped of our great meals! If ur reading this stop and just got eat there! That's all I have to say! Ask for Benji and tell em Dean sent u! Deuces!
5	Gordon Ramsay BurGR! There's a huge flame wall outside the restaurant. You can't miss it. The entrance to it is kind of weird if you're entering from the casino side... gotta make a loop around to enter.== Food ==Hell's Kitchen Burger. Was it supposed to be spicy? Where's the heat. Bring me the heat! Sadness. Great tasting burger otherwise. Juicy with a nicely done bun.Jalapeno popper. There's 5 that are mild and 1 that's really spicy. It's a roulette game to see how the sucker is. The popper tasted great even the spicy one.Truffle fries were delicious with their sauces.== Service ==Wait to get in kind of sucks. It took around 20 minutes to get in even though the place was pretty big. The waiter was really nice and really tentative! Huge kudos to him. Wait for the food is a bit long also, but good company can make up for that.== Overall ==Slow to get a table and it's slow to get your food. The menus make a nice souvenir and the waiter can give you a coaster also if you want one. The burger is overall good! Truffle fries and Jalapeno popper were delicious. Didn't have anything that I didn't like here.
4	We were told that the wait for this place was about 45 minutes for dinner, we only end up waiting 15 minutes! The burgers were delicious and the service was really good and food came out fast :) The food was definitely worth the wait! Next time i'm in Vegas, I definitely want to try some of their appetizers too!
4	Really good food. Filling to say the least. The garlic fries, or whatever, I can't remember, were ehh. But when I am in Vegas again, I'll go back.
5	Amazing meal, not too long to wait, the food was really good and the service was smily and done with professionalism.
3	We went to try burgr after a disappointing experience at Ramsay's pub and a great experience at his steakhouse... We showed up at 1:30 and it was packed ! we waited and got a table I got a beer (Innis and Gunn), very good and we shared the euro burger. The fries and the burgers were great (they should go to the pub and show them how it's done !). The Waitress was nice and efficient. The only downside was the atmosphere a little too.... cafeteria in my opinion, which kills the experience a little bit since you are literally stacked on top of other people. Prices are reasonable and the food is good. A good place to grab a quick bite (if you can wait in line for a while...).
5	So I am from Chicago and I know good food.  I think Gordon is a pretty arrogant guy on his shows and am not the fondest of him.  My wife wanted to eat here so I agreed.  I will tell you as much as I hate to say it The Hells Kitchen Burger was the best burger I have ever had.  We actually went again on our trip just so I could try it again and it was just as good the second time.  A+ for service also.  The Onion rings were very good also.
4	Burgers delicious, sweet potatoes too, service very good and fast, second time here and same feedback, so definitely very suggested!Missing five star for waiting time, 45 minutes!!!!
5	What an amazing meal. From the attentive service to the food which was amazingly good. Will definitely come back as many times as I can. If you are visiting Vegas you got to go here to eat and enjoy the experience.
5	We arrived here on a Saturday night, expecting to wait quite a while.  We put our name in for a table and we were told there was a 45 minute wait... no problem, we're in the casino, we can pass time there, AND they'll text you when your table is ready!We were text paged our table was ready, and it had only been 20 minutes!  Fantastic!  There was about 8-10 choices on the menu for burgers, which was difficult to make a choice, since they all sounded soooo good.  We ordered sweet potato fries which are served with vanilla infused powdered sugar and we ordered truffle parmesan fries, also very delicious.  The service was outstanding!  We will definitely go back again!
5	Food: A+Jalapeno poppers: were SO delicious and crispy. can not describe how beautiful it was, the little shot glasses with dipping sauce was perfect. especially with gordon ramsay's "special" surprise haha. Nice touch. Delicious to look at, delicious to eat. No exaggeration.Burgers were really really rich and filling, very delicious. Nicely seasoned. Didn't need ketchup or anything.Service: A+After reading the reviews, thought the seating would be terrible; it wasn't we were sat right away. Service was impeccable. I would say I have never received better service anywhere else. Didn't check in too often, server was very knowledgeable in foods and drinks and our food runner presented the food really well. Pre-bussed our food right away; I mean what else can you ask for.This place was excellent.
5	The boyfriend and I do a few "staycations" here and there on the Las Vegas Strip. Where ever we stay is where we like to eat. Staying at Planet Hollywood we obviously ate at PH. There are a few places to choose from, and neither of us had tried BurGR, so we decided to pop a squat and eat. The hostess was very sweet and informed us the wait for a table was about 30 minutes but we saw the "21 & older" area, there were a few open tables, so she sat us there instead. Now, knowing that this establishment is owned by Gordon Ramsay we expected to pay a few extra bucks but ultimately decided to just share our food because we were hungry, not starving. We started with the Truffle Parmesan Fries, which are served with a delicious truffle aioli sauce, followed by some Jalapeno poppers, which were also amazing. We shared a Euro Burger which is patty, truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula, and a roasted tomato. Needless to say, I enjoyed my meal as did my boyfriend. Total wait for all of our food...20 minutes give or take, which I did not mind because there were distractions all around us that we were able to wait on and take our minds off of being hungry. We must have came on a good night because reading some of these reviews people had to wait for their food for over 45 minutes, the service sucked, and then there are those who don't want to fork up a few extra dollars. You're paying for the Gordon Ramsay name, not necessarily the food. Anyway, I loved this place.
5	Started with the Jalapeno poppers and wow...SO yummy and crispy. (a lil spicy)They have a great selection of draft beer and will bring an iPad by your table to show drink options.Farm Burgr was finger-lickin good and the Euro Burgr was just as appealing to the hungry person. And you have to order the fries seperate, highly recommend the sweet potato fries and ask for the three different ketchups, yum!
3	Burgers look great but been here 22 min and still waiting for fries and the place is dead with a ton of staff. Hope the burgers are worth it.... They were. The burgers were amazing and so were the fries. 3 stars because the wait was horrible.
3	I debated between 3 and 4 stars on this place but decided to go with 3. Was recommended by a co worker who visits Vegas frequently. I have to say its one of the better burgers I've had but not sure if it was worth the price - off the strip I'm sure this place would be more reasonably priced for the food. As with most other Yelpers I had Hells Kitchen but I like spicy food. Also in part because a few of the menu options had an item I either didn't care for (mango chutney) or was unsure about (figgy onion jam). Also for a price of $8-11 their fries could have been better (maybe try fresh not frozen).I also have to side with those who said they got a table fairly quickly but the food took longer than expected. My girlfriend and I were seated in about 20 minutes and drinks were out within 5. But waited over 30 minutes for 2 burger and truffle fries.3 stars for a good burger, good drink menu and friendly/knowledgable staff. Will get an additional 2 stars once the fries improve along with the wait time for the price of food. If I'm going to pay $17 for a burger by itself, 15 minutes should be the max. wait time, not 30 +.
5	Ordered hells kitchen burger and was AMAZING! Best burger and fries I've ever had.
4	BurGR is definitely a fun place.I'm not a big fan of GR's TV persona or schtick.  Though there is something positive to be said about his mercurial nature and focus on detail.  So, given our short eleven hours in Vegas, we decided to come here.At the heart of BurGR, you'll find some good food and I believe GR poking fun at himself.  The restaurant has several photos, as does the menu, of him hands up in a fit of mock anger.  I believe, there's a wee sparkle and impishness in those eyes.So, what about the food you say?It's good!  Very good in fact.  And, those BurGRs are worth every penny of the $14.00 to $17.00 you'll pay to enjoy them.The reason isn't too hard to understand.  Given that mercurial nature, GR chose to cook the food: "Paying special attention to not only the ingredients but the method, beef patties will be cooked over an open flame fueled by hard woods."  So it isn't too difficult to see why they have a complex smokey taste, that layers nicely with the various toppings and ingredients. We had the American and Euro BurGRs.  The Euro (photo) came with truffle aioli, goat cheese and arugula, while the American came with american cheese, butter lettuce, tomato, pickles and red onion.  Both were delicious, though the Euro was more interesting on the palate.  GR's focus to detail even shows up on the selection of the bun. Nice!Another WOW if you will, were the Truffle Parmesan Fries.  Seems the BurGR fries are "hand-cut and thrice cooking will ensure extra crispness" and they use Kennebec instead of Russet potatoes  which "offering a lighter, less starchy and crisper fry"  Okay, we agree.  But what makes them special, is the hair like shavings of parmesan cheese (photo) with a special aioli oil sauce for dipping. Ohh, are they good.So, with a glass of wine, a nice pint of Leinenkugel on tap, a couple of BurGRs and some of those wonderful Truffle Fries, expect to pay around $27.50 each, not including gratuities or taxes.Enjoy!
3	One of my favorite places to eat at in Vegas. Their burger is pretty delicious, but not the best just yet. Their fries are decently good. But what makes this place special to me is the decor and service. It is one of a kind with a cool fire display wall separating the outside and inside of the restaurant.
3	We tried to call for reservations..... no one answered the phone, it just rang and rang. Decided to just go and give it a try. Some other reviews I read said that they were seated rather quickly. BurGR really need to work on their front end system!! They do not take reservations... Only parties of 3 or more get to give their number and go wait for a text until their table is ready. Parties of two must stand in a miserable line resembling a line for a casino buffet. Even the cheapest restaurants have a better system than this. Waited 45 minutes in line, then another 30 at the table before our order was taken. It was a Friday night, but come on, their has to be a better way!!The food.....The stuffed jalapeno appetizer was really good. My husband ordered the hog burger and I had the hells kitchen burger. We shared the Parmesan truffle fries. My husband said his burger was very flavorful. Mine was good... not great... but good. I guess my expectations were a little high. I am a local and for me to battle the Las Vegas strip on Friday night for a burger it needs to be worth the effort. Maybe I will give them a try for lunch during the week when it isn't so busy. The table next to us ordered the hot dog and it looked amazing!
4	Simply delicious, Gordon Ramsay's BurGR is a lower end and simpler version of what he dishes out at Steak.  An open, colorful dining and a short menu of grill items makes for a lively and casual meal!  But because it's one of Gordon's spots, you might have to wait...Our table of four got seated after a 30 minute wait and we ordered up some bao buns and jalapeno poppers.  The buns were tasty, a different app given its Asian origins but the poppers rocked!  Six square glasses each with popper and dipping sauce, yuh-may!  The poppers werent' greasy at all and the smoky sauce added a lot of flavor.  My burger came stacked with fresh ingredients and was full of flavor and texture.  Gordon certainly knows his way around meat, even if its ground.   Overall I had a great meal at BurGR but it's still pricey.  Double or triple what you might spend at In n Out and you've got an idea of the price point, $25 and up.  But you know what?  It's still really worth it!  Rock on, Ramsay...
5	I am salivating as I write this review.  This place is Omg so good!Between four girls, we shared the following plates:Honey pig Bao buns: yum!!! Hell's Kitchen burger: not over powerfully hot, just the right amount of heat, perfect paired with their sweet potato friesChanterelle burger: amazing! Chocolate hazelnut pudding and coffee shake: fantastic!Sticky toffee pudding push ups: it was good, not exactly a fan, but good nonethelessGreat atmosphere, impeccable service, and the food is nothing short of excellent!Two thumbs up!
1	I may be a foodie, but when it come to Ramsay, this is as far as I go.  I should clarify that this is how far down I'll go on my standards knowing how he really is with his food.  I've tried his beef wellington and even after years, I still know the texture and taste of that delicious goodness along with his sticky toffee pudding and ice cream that blows Ben & Jerry or Haagen Dazs out of the water at his other restaurant.  I was sure disappointed about this place.  My family and I each had something different: the soba noodle dish, burger, and chicken burger along with the toffee pudding push pop.  The soba noodle had nothing too special about it except for the chicken, the burger my brother had was bland, and the chicken burger the waitress so absolutely gloated about with interesting flavors, was a huge disappointment.  After that one bite of the chicken burger from her description, I was bummed and didn't even finish it.  The truffle fries was nothing too special either.  Honestly, I would have preferred McDonald's french fries over this!!!  I think the only thing I actually enjoyed was the sauce they normally have on their wings, but for my fries.  You know the restaurant is bad when you like the sauce of all things they have to offer.  This place didn't justify the 45 minutes wait along with mediocre service.  I think I was the only person wanting to watch hockey in that place since my visit was during the Stanley Cups (just shows how disinterested I was in the food) and of all the TV screens on, they couldn't do it.  The manager exclaimed, "Who watches hockey out here?" and proceeds to make a joke about the Cubs.  Hmmm, lets just say that burning flame display in the front was a great indication of my mood for me that night.  This is another concept of Food Network chef's I'll scratch out from ever coming in along with Border Grill at Mandalay Bay.   Bottom line: Save your money and your time from this place and invest it for his more upscale restaurants.
3	Loudest restaurant I've been to in years; too loud to have a conversation. Good service; however the burger I got was average at best. The cheese on the Uber Cheese burger wasn't melted and that was all that came on it; no onions, lettuce, nothing. The bun was good though and my husband enjoyed his burger well enough. Probably would not return; too many other places to try.
5	Dinner on a Sunday nite. Waitress Ashley C was very attentive, courteous, and hospitable. Scene was lively. Sunday Night Football was on their HD flat panels, so we were able to watch and din.
5	Really delicious everything!!! Waited in the line for a whole though. The waiters seem to be pretty busy so expect some delay. The food is totally worth it!!!
1	I must admit I came with high expectations, but I should if I am paying $16 for a hamburger, just a burger no fries, no sides.  I had the truffle parmesan (garlic)  fries, which had little flavor considering the bold ingredients melded with the fries. The farm burger sounded amazing, but the flavors never developed. The pub was cold and dry, the duck breast bacon was great, but when it was on the burger the flavor was lost. The service was bad as well. I sat at the bar, and the guy helping me was more concerned about picking up on a female bar tender than helping any of the customers. He was also really rude to the guy sitting next to me because the guy did not speak good English and was having trouble ordering. I love Gordon Ramsay's other establishments, but this one is totally not worth a visit. If you ever come to LA and want to have an amazing burger, try the Dog Haus' Little Mule and you will find true heaven. Burgr is closer to a meal from hell...
5	The service is very enthusiastic, eager to introduce most of the more "interesting" items on the menu. Our waitress also gave various recommendations, which made selections from the menu a bit less daunting. We ordered the following:-Beer battered Maui Onion RingsVery good, when paired with the condiments, it may be one of the best onion rings I've ever had. Does not have too much batter and still has enough onion; very well balanced.-Truffled FriesHas the faint scent and taste of truffles.  Very well balanced, as the truffle does not overwhelm the fries, but definitely helps elevate the overall quality of the fries. Very good.-Hog BurgerA great and ingenious burger. They were able to couple the smokiness of the grill and the richness of the pork to produce a very well balanced burger. It tasted a bit like Chinese roasted pork belly, but the richness is mellowed by the house made mayonnaise. The smokiness of the porky patty was just amazing, the balance with the sesame bun and the arugula... just great.Gordon Ramsay definitely knows what he doing!
5	Went again in July and happy to report that it was just as delicious as the first time! Going again in February and cannot wait to eat here again!
4	I stopped by here today for lunch by myself.   After talking with the hostess I was sat at the bar avoiding the 45 minute wait for tables.  Due to that I didn't really get to see much of the inside of the restaurant besides what I consider to be a ridiculous photo of Ramsey looking surprised surrounded by BURGR signs.  I will admit that the front logo for this place is awesome as it is surrounded by fire.  Like at his other places I found the cutlery to be cool also as the knife sat on its blade because of the curved shaft.For my lunch entree I decided to order the Hell's Kitchen burger along with an order of the truffle fries. The burger was to come with asadero cheese, roasted jalepenos, avocado and tomato while the fries were hand cut with truffle Parmesan, truffle salt and truffle aioli.  Whenever my burger came out I was happy to see that the tomato was more reminiscent of a sun dried tomato and less of a raw tomato.  I actually think that helped to enhance the burger as the sweetness of that combined with the creaminess of the avocado, spiciness of the jalapeno and savoriness of the meat and cheese all went together for a well thought out burger.  The jalapeno was also spicy enough to leave a slight lingering burn but not spicy enough to cause you to grab some water.  The bun was also decent, toasted a bit which helped to keep the burger together while I was eating it.  So overall I was happy with the burger.  The fries were also pretty darn good as they came in a conical shaped service vessel and were layered with the truffle parmesan on the top.  I could easily notice the truffle flavor on my first couple of bites and really enjoyed it although the flavoring seemed to dissipate a bit the further into the fries I got.  The fries themselves were cooked nicely and were crispy and not soggy at all.The bottom line for me is that I would eat here again in the future.  All of the food that I ate here was good and the burger that I had was the best conceived burger that I have had in a while and it really worked. Yeah, you are paying around $15 for a burger without any fries but I feel like that's almost the going rate in a casino in Vegas.  Beyond that I think that I could have easily split the order of fries with my fiance as a side to the burger and been happy.
4	I think the burger is better here than at Holsteins.  I got the Hell's Kitchen and it wasn't too spicy.  The fries were good but at $11 apiece, way too pricey.  The shakes were a little different as they were topped with pudding.  At first I was kind of weirded out by this but now when thinking of my shake, I am totally craving it.  Service was super attentive and on top of everything.  I would totally come back for a burger and shake but would skip the expensive fries.
5	I'm a huge Gordon Ramsay fan, and this was my first trip to Las Vegas since he opened his three restaurants there. My trip wouldn't have been complete without a stop to at least one of them. The line at BurGR is typically 1-3 hours long. They don't take reservations, so you must stand in line and wait. On the Friday that we arrived in Las Vegas, which happened to be my birthday, we ventured down to Planet Holleywood (home of BurGR) and saw there was no line around 2PM. We immediately went in. If you've read any of my other reviews, you know two things about me: 1) I love burgers and 2) I'm a burger snob. I want a burger and I want it cooked perfectly. At BurGR I opted for the Hell's Kitchen burger and ordered it medium rare. I received the most delicious burger I've ever consumed. Perfectly cooked, juicy without being greasy, beautifully presented, and overall a flavor assault on my taste buds. Is that where this story ends? Absolutely not. The burger cost $14! $14 in Las Vegas. It was A La Cart, but if you compare it to a A La Cart burger place in (Bru) $14 is more than reasonable for Las Vegas. I will eat at BurGR again the next time I'm in Vegas, even if I have to wait 2 hours in line.
5	I've had the euro burger two times already and every time I eat it, I get the same explosive feeling inside my mouth. It makes me want to do the robot (my happy food dance) and scream out off the top of my lungs,  "I love you Gordon Ramsay!!!!!!!!!!"It is seriously so good. Some people in my party weren't wowed by their burgers, one had the duck/bacon and the other had the American. Well idk about all that but that euro was so good I didn't mind their complaints at all. Everything sounded like music to my ears. And you probably shouldn't get American anyway. I mean it's cheese, lettuce, tomato, & onion.. How shocked do you expect your taste buds to be... Hell's & Euro all the way!!! Medium rare is perfect. The meat is sooo tasty and juicy, I wish Gordon was there, I'd hug him.
5	Okay, yes there was 30 minute line. Yes, the service is not too good. But oh my god. The best burger I have ever had. Amazing fries, and awesome onion rings. I had the euro burger. And it was delicious. Hubs had the blu burger and loved it! Had the figgy pudding pops as dessert. So good!
4	Good, but a bit of a reality check. With a name like Gordon Ramsey I really expected a lot more.  Food was good but no where near the hype. Honest, I think I make a better burger and I'm not a chef.  That being said,  the experience was pleasant and the staff was nice. Again the food was not bad, just not as amazing as I be as hoping for.
5	OMG! THE HOG won me over!!! It's a pork burger, but tasted like Kobe Beef burger. I love how it was new on the menu too, so I felt extra special to have had the opportunity to try it. We ordered the Parmesan Truffle Fries which were great too - They were thick steak cut fries and it came with garlic aiolie dipping sauce. YUM! Prices were a bit high, but it's a GOURMET burger, and that's what you're gonna get in Vegas anyway - In my opinion, it's totally worth it! Staff is great, and wait wasn't so bad just as long as you get there early. They were nice to us as our entire party didn't show up yet, but they were willing to hold the table for us for 30 mins. Can't wait to go back there to try more things!
5	Farm burger was the best.  Everything worked - the duck bacon, fried egg, and burger.  Awesome combination.
4	So you're in Vegas. You want to eat a decent meal but you don't have a reservation. You also want a good meal that doesn't leave you feeling ill and/or worse, feeling like you were ripped off.  BURGR for the win! We had amazing, creative and well thought out burgers. The onion rings and fries are delicious.  My friends took it to the next level and ordered the milkshake. I had the euro burger which was fantastic, cooked perfectly and all elements perfectly placed for some seriously crave-able good eats. Did I just say that? The onion rings and fries come with very nicely paired sauces and the milkshake...well the milkshake was a huge hit. I don't even know if "this is the best milkshake I have ever had" can say enough. Those girls talked about that milkshake the rest of the trip (they had the banana butterscotch one). If we go back to Vegas we will for sure be coming back to Burgr and I am already excited about it :).
4	The burgers were delicious! The sweet potato fries were sweet and savory- a perfect combination. The music is so loud- I will never figure out why restaurants make it impossible to carry on a conversation without raising your voice to the point of hollering. Service was great, and the sticky toffee pudding pops- a little piece of heaven!! I will be returning here- I would love to try one of the pudding shakes.
1	COMPLAINT: I get it that this place is ALWAYS packed, after all it is Gordon Ramsey's place. There is a queue for parties of 2, and the wait seemed about15-20 min. We were a party of 3 and had to put  our name in for a 45 min wait. When they paged us, we were pointed to a small bar table. I asked for a real table in the dining area and was told I would have to wait another 90 minutes. As we sat at the really small table I saw 2 booths in the dining room available within 5 minutes. WTF? We crammed 3 drinks, 3 burgers and an order of fries on our tiny table. It made for a real hard time to eat without knocking anything over. I WOULD HAVE SPENT MORE MONEY on extra drinks, appetizers, salads, and dessert, but it wouldn't fit on the table. Food is awesome! Server was awesome! Hostess FAIL. I gave 1 star in hopes to get management or Ramsey's attention!
5	Pretty good!! Got the chicken burger with some fries and the pork bao for an appetizer!! Chicken was nice and moist; also it was well seasoned. Good burger joint
2	I was really really excited to try this restaurant. Not only because of Gordon Ramsey and his standards, but because the food looked amazing. Got there and the line was quite long, which is fine. Went to the Asian hostess and ask for a table for 2 and she old me the wait would be 20/30 minutes. Sure, no problem. While waiting I got a call from a friend saying that he wanted to join us but wasn't sure yet. Asian Hostess comes to check again "so table for 2 right? I'm just making sure". I said, YES but a 3rd person might join us for drinks. She said "oh no. That changes everything. Your wait now is going to be 1 hr. And I said ok, I will make sure he's coming and I will let you know ASAP. She looked at me and said "AND DONT EVEN TRY TO SNEAK A 3rd PERSON TO A TABLE FOR 2, OR ELSE YOU'RE GETTING KICKED OUT!" I was like "excuse me? Get kicked out of a restaurant? Are you serious?" She said "that's how my manager is". That KILLED my experience. I was really really upset. After that, I dont even remember how my burger tasted like. The straw is shorter than the cup... You have to fish it with your fingers to drink out of it. Definitely NOT the attitude I expected from a GORDON RAMSEY restaurant and his standards.
5	Great place to eat in Vegas with reasonable prices. We tried the Farm Burger with duck bacon and the special Hog Burger. Both were cooked to perfection and very juicy and tender. We liked the Farm burger best, nothing beats salty bacon topped with a perfectly cooked over-easy egg. We also tried the Truffle fries and Sweet Potato fries. Both were great, but we especially enjoyed the Truffle fries. You can easily share 1 fry between 2-3 people depending on your appetite. For dessert we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding Pops and the were gooey goodness. We can't wait to go back and visit again. Service was great and you can keep your menu as a souvenir if you choose.
1	This place blows. The food is mediocre at best when it doesn't arrive burnt or improperly cooked. 11 dollar french fries? Fuck that. Rude burger-body blonde bitch at the front has a shitty attitude. No pictures of the food anywhere, just Ramsey's ugly face on everything. This is simply a poor imitation of eureka burger in Claremont California. Ramsey is a dirty wanker and a no talent hack. Save yourself 30 dollars and go to in and out.
5	Awesome burger! Well worth the experience!
2	I honestly was disappointed with this place. I felt like the local mom and pop stores near my neighborhood had better burgers. The shakes were bomb, and that was the best part of the meal for me. The onion rings and fries were also just okay, but the sauces I thought were great,
2	The food and service was outstanding but I saw something that really disturbed me.... I was sitting with my friend having my drink when I saw a larger asian man grab a tiny (and these girls are super tiny, their uniforms are not meant for anything larger than a size 8) female server rather aggressively by her arm. And I don't mean a gentle tug, I mean a very aggressive and forceable yank, which was then followed by a rather nasty talking-to. IN full view of guests.  I am so shocked that a manager would out right physically and verbally assault an employee, much less in full view of guests. I work in the industry and if anyone ever touched me like that, I would call the police. I am so ashamed of myself for not speaking up at the moment. I'm going to have to think long and hard about ever coming to this establishment again.
3	Coming from a place filled with gourmet burgers I definitely set my bar higher for a gourmet and 14 dollar burger.  If I wasn't from LA, this place would've definitely gotten 4 stars or higher. My farm burger was ehhhh okay, good but not worth 14 dollars but my husband definitely enjoyed his Hell's Kitchen burger! It's spicy but he loved it! So if I had to return, I guess I'll try Hell's Kitchen burger instead.
5	Had the Hell's Kitchen Burger with Shake #5 (replaced coffee with chocolate). There were a group of us and we all loved the burgers.  Service was also excellent and they were willing to change the toppings around (both take off and substitute) to your heart desires.....They are big burgers so didn't have a chance to go again to try another one...
5	Gordon takes burgers to a whole new level at BurGr. I tried both the Hell's Kitchen and the chicken burger. Both were phenomenal. Both meat patties were seasoned to perfection and were juicy. I also would highly recommend the Parmesan truffle fries. I will definitely return to BurGr on my next trip to Vegas!
4	I went to Gordon Ramsay BurGR twice now. First time with one friend & the 2nd with a party of 10. I'm a HUGE burger person & Gordon Ramsay's biggest fan.. seriously.Upon arriving you will most likely see the longest line ever right along the fiery walls of BurGR. (It's only for parties of 2 so it worked out my 1st visit there). Being in Planet Hollywood & a Gordon Ramsay F&B chain, I wasn't surprised. The place itself is surprisingly small. Probably because it only got a small space near the busy foot traffic exit/entrance of the hotel. It's actually not bad if you're with 1 other person & can wait in the line, but my group of 10 was split between 2 tables in the end & we waited almost 5 hours before I got a text  saying our tables were ready (They DO NOT take RESERVATIONS). And our 2 groups of 5 never saw each other throughout the entire meal. I'm pretty sure it was a slower day. But thanks staff, for the attentive & great service from beginning to the end :) Waiter recommendations were also spot on & helpful.THE FOOD:  I ordered the HONEY-PIG BAO BUNS b/c they looked delicious on the menu. It was $13. For TWO (2) Bao Buns. The pork was probably not imported or magical I assume. Each finish-able in 2 bites each & just slapped together really quick. Such a disappointment when it only tasted okay & I could make a better one at home.  HELL'S KITCHEN BURGER. The meat was cooked & seasoned well, but again the size/portion was a little disappointing. Also, I wish the burger had more contrast in texture. Great flavors.. but roasted jalapeno & tomato, cheese avocado are all mushy ingredients.. Saved by the brioche bread though. Yum.  I also got the DAMNATION CHICKEN BURGER. (Thanks BurGR for letting me take out the blue cheese!) It was okay. Probably better if you like blue cheese & didn't omit it. But the chicken burger was juicy & I totally understood the flavor concept. I ordered this when I went with the group & I wasn't too hungry.  My friend ordered the FARM BURGER. How can you say no to bacon?! Especially if it's duck breast bacon! And who can say no to a fried egg?! It was great & I know one of the most popular menu items.  Also got a side of TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES. They were deeeelicious & a good portion :) Love the truffle aioli too.  Lastly, GET A SHAKE. Shake #4 CREME BRULEE PUDDING OREO SHAKE... It's amazing. The shakes are all crazy delicious flavors & ingredients creating 5 unique shakes. SO WORTH IT.My final opinion? If I lived near Vegas, I'd definitely go & try every burger if I could.Burgers are my favorite food & this place pioneers innovative & creative flavor concepts/ideas. Beyond the waiting in line it's pretty great. I gave 4 STARS because of the OVERPRICED appetizer & the QUALITY of the dishes didn't reach my standard. I know they're busy & they need to keep tickets going but.. I felt like I always received my food as if it was thrown together quickly.. :( poo..BUDGET: $$ ($25 per person)Burgers: $15 avg // Sides: $10 avg // Shakes: $9ATMOSPHERE: unique, modern, stylish/hip, lounge, bar.TASTE: 5 of 5FILLING: Content. Filled when you share the fries or a shake!CONVENIENCE: Not group friendly :( Get ready to do some waiting...
4	Atmosphere for dining not great due to being in the casino with views of slot machines and noise of quarters hitting their metal trays.  Restaurant itself was nicely laid out but line at door was less than welcoming.  Servers attire was cool and different although some of the servers literally SQUEEZED themselves into their outfits and did not look comfortable.  Our server, MIa, was absolutely great as she had a great attitude, was very knowledgeable about the menu, and conducted herself as a top notch representative of the establishment.  We started out with the pepper poppers, which were AMAZING!  The Hells Kitchen burgers were great and even better with the duck bacon.  The Oreo Cookie shake was the fave at our table but we all wished that all the shakes had less custard and more actual main flavor content. Truffle fries were also a huge hit.  All in all, a fun night with good food.  Price tag was a little steep at $130 but i went in expecting that.  I would go back but only on special occasions.
5	The American cheeseburger is amazing! My expectations were high in this first visit and i wanted to try the basic cheeseburger. I'm really surprised that it was even better than my expectation. One tip: add truffle aioli as a side.
5	Wonderful restaurant! Great service. Very friendly and very helpful.The food was amazing! I had the farm burger and loved it!Comfortable seating and great environment.
5	Best burger ever! I had the Hell's kitchen burger. A lot of heat, but I like that. Fast. Friendly service. Would go back again & again.
4	I love this place! It's my new favorite burger joint in Vegas. The wait can be a little long, but there is usually seating at the bar. After being forced to watch Hell's Kitchen for so many seasons by my wife. I was excited to go to one of Ramsay's restaurant to see what the hype is about.  I believed the hype after I took a bite from my Hell's Kitchen burger. It was hot and fiery, and I couldn't stop eating it.The ambience is hip and modern.The menu has a good selection of burgers, hot dogs, and desserts.The food is worth the wait.  The burgers aren't your average quarter pounders. They're thick and juicy patties of meat. The fries are of a generous  portion.The price is surprisingly reasonable.  The staff are fast and friendly. They know the menu really well.Definitely gonna be going back.Notable mentions: the Hell's Kitchen burger, the American burger, and French fries.
5	I had never experienced a Gordon Ramsay restaurant before this past weekend and I wanted to do it without spending a ton of $$. This menu fit the bill. The wife and I went at 11pm on a Sunday night and had to wait a few minutes to be seated. The hostesses were very friendly and helpful. Our server (Tammy) was top-notch. Seriously, one of the best servers I've ever had anywhere. She knew the menu back and forth, was lots of fun and kept me topped off with water at all times. Huge points for that. The beer/wine/cocktail list is presented to you on an iPad which I thought was a great touch. Newcastle battered onion rings were great as an app, and both burgers (Hell's Kitchen and Euro) were outstanding This place doesn't disappoint
4	Let me say that, first off, the service here was pretty sweet. The hostess was super nice about letting us split up our group of 12 into two groups of 6. And our waitress was very patient, explaining everything to us since it was our first time at the restaurant, down to what each burger is made out of and being totally okay with us splitting the bill 3 ways (I LOVE it when a server has no issue with bill splitting).Prices really aren't too horrible, compared to other Vegas locales. I paid under $50 (including tip) for two burgers and truffle fries. The Farm Burger (done medium rare) was very juicy and flavorful. It went down very easy (the fried egg is SUCH a nice addition to any burger in my humble opinion), but I also wouldn't say that I was totally blown away by it. The truffle fries were good, too, but the aioli wasn't as truffle-y as I wish it could have been.Boyfriend and I were originally going to just split the Farm Burger, but we were still kind of hungry (it had looked bigger while we were scoping it out at a neighboring table), so we ordered a Brittania Burger at the last second. Our food had come out pretty quickly, so we had expected this burger to come through pretty fast, too.Alas, it wasn't the case. It took them over 20 minutes to bring the second burger to us, so we asked them to box it up for us so we could take it with us back to our hotel room because we didn't want to keep holding up our party. We did eat it as soon as we got back, though. The mango chutney is what makes this burger, I think. It was a nice sweetness that cut through the savory of the burger, if that makes sense. I enjoyed this one more than the Farm Burger.Overall, it was pretty good, but I like Umami's Truffle Burger more. I would eat here again (the pricing is essentially on par with normal Strip pricing) and I would try a milkshake this time, too, but I wouldn't say it's something that I would tell people they HAD to get whenever they were in town.
5	it's worth it! Speechless for something so great. Enjoyed every bite of it.
3	Came here for a late lunch on a Thursday.  The fire feature in front of the restaurant is eye catching and attracts many photo seeking tourists.  My first impression was of the uniforms that the employees have to wear.  The uniforms do not compliment the staff and are too tight on the girls.  They looked like bad Halloween costumeswe also noticed that they use the same rag / towel to clean the seat cushions as they do on the tables.  Seemed a little strange to use the same towel for both...Our waitress was a very nice Australian girl who did an outstanding job (Name?).  We asked for our fries to come out first as the Burgers we were told take 20-25 minutes.  The fries did come out but before our water was served.. We went for the regular fries and were very disappointed.  They were not flavorful and not crispy enough.  You can get the same frozen fries at Costco unfortunately.Next arrives the shake.  It was a creme brulee custard with oreo shake..OUTSTANDING!  Best shake ive had in a while.The Burgers were also exceptional but mine came plain with no accompaniments or garnishes (maybe i didn't read the menu thoroughly) .  I ordered the Uber Cheese burgr and it didn't disappoint.   The other people in my party had the chicken burgers and they loved them as well.We had to wait a while to get the check and had to flag staff down to request it.  For a place that seemed to be on a wait they should make this process more efficient in order to turn the tables faster.  Throughout the experience you will see a lot of different staff come to the table as they all have a specific job it seems...It would of been nicer to have the main waitress deliver most of the items except the food as it takes away the personal touch.  The burgers and her were the best part of the experience i just wish we saw more of her :)
3	3 Stars for this place !We came at around 11am and left around 2pm. All the reviews I've read for this place sound so awesome and I wish I could of traded spots with one of these 5 stars reviewers! I'm not sure if it was because we went on a bad day...but my experience here was by far not what I expected. My boyfriend is a fan of gordon ramsay and hells kitchen and he has always wanted to try this place, so when we came back to Vegas, we decided hey why the heck not! We waited about 40 minutes to get in the restaurant and another 5-10 mins to get seated. Just a FYI, this place is crammed with people. There were probably like 50 workers that day and our server went missing after I told her we were ready and took another 10-15 minutes to actually come back to our table to give us water and take our order. She disappeared after that and we waited another 40 minutes for our burgers. Seriously? its a burger. The food! I ordered the Euro burger and he ordered the hells kitchen burger. The burgers came out a little dry, with every bite of the burger, I had to drink water to wash it down lol. The flavor wasn't bad though, just a tad dry. Thank god for ketchup right?? The fries were delicious though! But overall I'd probably come back... maybe. When we were done eating, I didn't think it would be so difficult to find out server. I think she forgot about us :( ! We had to ask multiple servers to help us locate her...maybe if she had a navigation chip to locate her, we wouldn't have to wait another 20 minutes to get our check. So by the time she came to our table, she apologized and dropped off the bill really quick and walked away! She didn't even give me a chance to give her my card cause we needed to leave ASAP! We were at the restaurant for a good 3 hours for a freaking burger lunch, which was supposed to be quick. But after she came back she took another 15 minutes to return my card. By then I'm already pissed and she acted as if shes been tending to us the whole meal. Mainly what ruined this experience was her service, we wish we had another server!!! But overall, its kinda overrated for my taste, I can go to a yardhouse or even a Bjs and get good burger. But we still love Gordon Ramsay!
5	I've ate here two times this year and can say quality and consistency were the same each visit - though more recently I tried more items from the updated menu.The newly added hog burger, which was described as a once fresh free roaming happy hoping hog turned into a burger - was very very rich and delicious. Also my farm burger, which was slightly charred was a unexpected surprise of flavors though it was slightly too dense. We also sampled the jalapeno poppers, which came as a six piece order in a spicy ranch-like sauce - excellent starter. The parmesan cheese fries were also a great side pairing too. What I really enjoy here is the embraced pub-like atmosphere with a touch of Gordon Ramsay - well maybe more than just a touch since he is plastered on many things throughout the restaurant. The beer selection is better than most restaurants on the strip surprisingly, with nearly 10 + different ale selections from some of the best microbreweries in North America and beyond. My service experiences have always been top notch and never skipping a beat, even at nearly 2am before the kitchen was preparing to close. 5 Stars - an excellent spot to dine right on the strip.
5	Burgers and pork belly steamed bun tacos with sweet potato fries so good. Sweet  unique milk shakes to finish off.
5	Tried Burgr for the first time and true to Chef Ramsey's culinary wizardry as displayed on his TV show when helping turn around failing businesses, the meal was prepared and presented excellently.Ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger medium well with the Truffle Fries, my wife had the Euro burger medium well with a side salad. Meat seasoned very well and cooked to order with just the right hint of pink.  Fries and salad both fresh and excellently seasoned.  Food presentation a plus!Staff very friendly and prompt.Definite repeat.
4	The burger was very well put together and had an amazing taste! Loved there selection of beers! Wait was not to bad considering it was a Sunday night with Sunday night football playing on all 5000 of there TVs. Only small issue I noticed was the host staff didn't seem to like there jobs very much and looked very annoyed and concerned of how they looked instead of trying to accommodate the crowd. Overall the service was great, the food came out pretty fast and the prices are not bad considering the type of restaurant and location it's at.
5	I hate this place so much. Because I live in L.A., and their burgers are so great I never want to have another burger from anywhere else, ever again! I ate dinner there Sunday night before heading home, took two burgers to-go, had one for lunch today at work and the other four dinner tonight! Yeah, that good! Fantastic burgers, and the shakes are out of this world!! Guaranteed this will be the best burger you've ever had in your life. Yeah, I'm THAT sure!Good value, exquisite cuisine, and excellent service!
5	Decided to give this place a try after seeing Carrot Top (Hilarious) at the Luxor. I have seen a lot of Gordon Ramsey's shows on TV so my wife and I had very high expectations for this place.Well I must say that BurGR did not disappoint. I ordered the Farm Burger done Medium and it was delicious. Very juicy and lots of flavor. My wife ordered the American done Medium Well since she doesn't like to venture out and try new things and she said it was the best burger she has had. We also had the Parmesan Fries and they were very good. They were not salty like most Parmesan Fries and the sauces that came with it were very good. The staff was very friendly and explained the menu. Refills were brought to us without being asked which is a big plus. So if you're ever in Vegas and are looking for a spot where you can enjoy a good burger and atmosphere, this is the place. Oh and by the way my wife and I were sober when we went here.Almost forgot that we ordered the push pops for desert and they were also delicious. Not too sweet or salty and just enough to keep your taste buds guessing and wanting more.
3	I was really excited to visit Burgr! big fan of Gordon Ramsay.Service was ok. Food was ok. burger came out cold.Price was ... err.. once a year is ok... not cheap.Was I expecting too much ?
4	Ate here a couple of times in Vegas as it was quite good.  Had the hog burger the 1st time, I wasnt a fan.  Had a very weird taste.  The Steak Fries were cooked perfectly.  They give some flavored ketchup with the fries and I asked for regular ketchup which didn't taste much better.  I wish they didn't screw with something that wasn't broken.  I think they were getting a bit too creative for their own good.Had a regular burger the 2nd time around, this time it was great.  Right size, not huge, cooked perfectly.  Delicious.  I am still thinking about it.   They have a gimmicky IPAD they bring to your table that talks about all the desserts, and drinks etc.  The waitresses spend so much time trying to wow you with useless use of technology, you are led to believe you could order the things on the menu from the IPAD, but you cannot. You still have to order it from the waitress.  Not a big deal but why waste our time with the Ipad if you aren't going to utilize it to order?  Just a pet peeve.. Skip the ipad's and shave a couple bucks off your burgers... Fries were great.. Get some and split it with a friend.  For $11 ea they better be amazing.
5	We had to wait in line for about 10 mins before being seated as it was very crowded on a Tuesday afternoon. The menu is fairly small but it's a burger place. The onion rings are really good and I liked them better than the regular fries which were a little thick for my tastes. The burger was amazing. I had to add one of the chipotle ketchup's to my burger which added to the flavor. The buns are amazing, soft and fresh.The pricing is reasonable for this area. Our waiter was really nice too. I'll add this to my list of must eat places every time I come back to Vegas.
4	After an epic guys trip to Vegas we needed that icing on the cake and it could only be one thing: a trip to Gordon Ramsay's Burgr. I've been a fan of his for a long time (Hells Kitchen and MasterChef). I had to pay homage to a man with amazing culinary skills, a short fuse but with a big heart.I felt like I was on a pilgrimage walking though the endless mall at Planet Hollywood. Got lost twice, but finally made it to the restaurant. The iconic flames in the window welcomed me home.   I was excited to see there was no wait. We were welcomed by beautiful people who quickly took us to out table. For a Sunday morning, people were in good spirits and it was a lively atmosphere. Although situated within a casino, they did a pretty good job with the layout to minimize that fact.I ordered the Hells Kitchen burger fries and Shake #2. Although not the best burger I've had (some that top BGR in LA) it was pretty darn good. The shake and fries were the best. I loved the homemade ketchup. This is a must stop for a quick bite in Vegas. Can't wait to be back and try something else. Thanks Chef Ramsay!
2	I gave this place two stars because I ADORE Gordon Ramsay. I watch his shows and his food always looks like the perfect kind of decadent. This place was none of that.Maybe I was holding him to too high of a standard (not really because he is pretty famous for incredible food) but burgers are also something he makes a lot of places carry on their menu. I expected his to be the best. They weren't.First of all it was over an hour wait... for a burger! I ordered the spicy burger. It came out luke warm, not hot. It tasted like a regular old burger. The meat wasn't exceptionally juicy or flavorful the toppings were that of any other burger place at your local bar. The fries were the same, nothing special.If you are going to wait for an hour for a very famous chef's food, I am a firm believe that they better deliver. It was a disappointment. I will be taking any friends/family elsewhere when they visit :(
4	The most expensive burger so far that I've eaten. The most delicious one is Farmbuger. If you come here, definitely try it.  Fries was just okay, nothing exciting to pay $10 for, we got the Truffle Parmesan fries. Didnt even get to finish it. We ordered: fury chicken wings- delicious!, hell's kitchen burger-average, the euro burger was pretty good. Their meat was cooked perfectly and so tasty! Last but no least, we ordered the shake #4, creme brulee pudding, oreo shake, oreo cookie...omg...this was awesome!! This went perfect with our meal!
4	don't go here hungover...
5	Favorite burger joint. Truffle fries dipping sauce was spectacular.!
5	The atmosphere is fast, loud, and fun, the food is amazing. I had the Farm Burger and was very satisfied, without a doubt the best burger in my life!I also had an order of the Truffle Fries, which were delicious, but these steak fries portion was so big that the two of us could not even finish half of the order. They have a decent beverage selection, the service was not only fast and friendly, but also very easy on the eyes as well.
4	Waited anxiously for this unique gourmet burger popularized by owner and renowned chef Gordon Ramsay.  The feeling of spontaneous joy after biting into this burger was nothing short of perfection. Savory, delicious and flavorful burger, instantly one of my top three burgers really enjoyed it.
3	On my most recent trip to Sin city, me and my brother decided we would try out Ramsay's newest venture on the strip. We headed over to Planet Hollywood and got in the "20 minute wait" line. I let my brother wait as i hit a few slot machines, 20 minutes later we were seated, good start.Our waiter came to take our drink order but it was early and we were not in the mood for one of the many beers they have on tap so we just got waters. Our food orders were taken in a timely manner, and then we waited... and waited... and waited some more. In my opinion, a medium rare burger and some fries should not take over 25 minutes to come out, but hey maybe thats what a Ramsay restaurant is all about.I got the cheese cheese and more cheese burger, it was, to say the least, cheesy. I love cheese, but I was a little cheesed out by the end of it. We ordered the truffle garlic fries and they were very good. The prices were not ridiculous, i think we spent about $40 total for our two burgers and fries. I think the long wait left a bad taste in my mouth, so one star off for that. The other because the food just was not five star worthy, but it is a good burger. I'll probably try the Cosmo's burger place next time before i come back here.
1	Seemingly popular with the 20-somethings with long lines in the evening, we stopped in BurGR for a late lunch and it seems GR is living on his celebrity, not his cooking or service.  It took 35 minutes to get two burgers and an order of sweet potato fries to the table - cold.  The burgers were absolutely nothing special - except very expensive.  The ground beef was fresh but had sat out long enough not to be even luke-warm. Fries were stone cold.  Something I love: $9 for an order of cold fries.  Service was stretched.  Absolutely nothing special about the burgers or BurGR.  Easier to walk a block down the street to get a hot Quarter-Pounder at McDonald's.  You won't get quite the amount of beef but it will be hot and less than an third the price.  You won't be paying for the fancy curved flame wall at the entrance.  While BurGR is less expensive than other casino eateries, it is still in the category of taking your money for little in return.  Try a Big Mac - you and your pocketbook will be happier.  Don't use the excuse "it's Vegas, Baby."   Ramsay is there to take your money.  I think I'm older and more experienced at decent dining than many of the reviewers for this place.  Note the reviews that say they are fans of Ramsay - doesn't have a thing to do with the food actually served - and I assure you - Ramsay didn't cook these things.
3	I skipped this place a few times. Honestly the menu was not that appetizing and pricey for a hamburger.  This time I figured screw it, place is packed, gets great yelp reviews, let's give it a shot.  Slow service, cold burger and really just not that good.  Celebrity face +cheap food = Money maker.  2 burgers with 2 beers, 50 bucks.  It should have been the best damn burger ever. My dinning partners burger had a stinky meat taste to it, she barely ate any of it.  Mine was just cold.  Place is packed with servers, yet everything took so long. Honestly Gordon Ramsay should do a kitchen nightmare episode on this place.
4	this place is pretty cool! my burger wasnt the best ever...but my onion rings were AWESOME. i also had the wings and jalepeno poppers(went with a group of 4-didnt eat all that by myself lol) and those were awesome too. the jalepeno poppers were huge and come with a tasty dipping sauce and the wings had a great sauce on them. needless to say we all left stuffed. i tried some of the oreo milkshake and it was good but not worth the $8 or however much it was . this place is def worth trying if youre in the mood for a burger but it is slightly expensive
4	Burgr is definitely a restaurant you want to try when your on the Vegas strip! My GF and I went in the evening and waited a good 30 minutes before we sat at a table. The staff is very knowledgeable about the menu and give great recommendations.I had the Euro burger with a order of onion rings.  My girl friend had the Hell's Kitchen burger and an order of regular fries. Both meals were packed with flavor and in my opinion one of best burgers I have ever tasted! The only draw back for me is the server seemed a little "cookie cutter" and didn't have much of a personality of her own.  More like she memorized what she had to say and just went through the same routine at every table. We had a great experience and will be back next time were in Vegas.
5	I finally made it to Burgr for lunch on my last day in Vegas and did not leave disappointed. I had trouble finding the restaurant on my first day due to the many points of entry for the Mile Mall, but the easiest way to remember is that it's right near the half-price tickets office. The main entrance with three escalator-walk-paths going up takes you to the Planet Hollywood side of the mall, so continue along the outside past two more entrances and you should see the ticket booth. Burgr is right inside that entrance, on the left. Once you've actually found the restaurant, you will probably have to wait in line to be seated, and then it may take a while for service - I can't really fault the restaurant for being popular, and they really do a good job managing the massees. Burgr opens at 11 am daily, so the best way to avoid waiting is to come around 10:50 and have an early lunch. I only had to wait for a few minutes outside and then was seated immediately with excellent service at the bar. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger and standard fries. There are a lot of other interesting choices on the menu, but I wanted to try something fairly typical and compare it to other burgers I've had. The fries are good, but nothing really to write home about. They come with chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup, and far too many thick-cut fries for an individual to eat. A little pricey at $8, but definitely a nice complement to the burger. The burger on the other hand IS worth writing about. I savored every bite of the Hell's Kitchen burger, which was cooked perfectly at medium-well. The bun is one of the best burger buns I've ever had, and the jalapeno and avocado toppings went very nicely together. I would come back for round two in a heartbeat, although I'll probably try Ramsay's other restaurant, Steak, next time I come to Vegas. Props to the bartenders for being energetic and helpful at 11 AM on a Friday dealing with a bunch of tourists.
2	How can this be four stars, four stars of disappointment is more like it. The wait was not that long. From getting inline to sitting down it was only a thirty minute wait. The staff was attentive and pleasant. With high hopes I went for the Farm Burger, duck bacon sounded amazing, and as always I ordered it medium. My girl friend was going ordered the same Farm Burger, due to the deliciousness sounding of duck bacon. Usually she orders her burgers rare, because restaurants usually mess up and it comes out medium rare. But, because this is Gordon Ramsay BurGR they should know how to cook meat. So she actually ordered it medium rare. The one of the good things we had were the truffle fries. They were amazing, the sauces that came with them were just ok. Overall, atmosphere is great and the staff is attentive. I feel that the burgers are just overhyped.
4	There's usually a line at mealtimes outside, but don't be dissuaded, it's worth the wait! The gourmet twists on tried and true favourites (hamburgers, hotdogs, fries, shakes) adds fun and pizzaz to the dining experience. If you have a sweet tooth, save room for a milkshake as dessert. The shakes are a combo of pudding, shake and cookie - over the top and delicious! The truffle fries were well balanced and unless you love sweet things, perhaps give the sweet potato fries a miss. The place also utilises iPads to show (read: sell) you their drinks (cocktails especially!) Nifty and temptation-driving, perhaps having a flick through will help you work out what milkshake you'd like to try the most ;)
1	Didn't even get a chance to taste the food.  Horrible service and waited for 30 minutes to have them screw up the order.  Nobody ever came and let us know how long the food was going to take or check on us.  Would not wait anymore and when I talked with the "Manager" he didn't listen.  Attitudes from all the employees were bad and I wish Gordon Ramsay was there so I could fire him!
4	Oh Gordon Ramsay, is there anything he can't do?My pal and I have started an annual tradition....1. Going to Vegas every fall and 2. Eating at a burger place the day we arrive. This year my friend's Food Network crush (come on, we all have one...) on Gordon Ramsay led us to BurGR. Hot off the plane, we headed over to Planet Hollywood.  After wandering around for awhile, unable to find BurGR, we asked someone...naturally, at that point we were practically on top of it. Duh.After a short wait, we were seated. Our stripper I mean waitress came by and explained the menu to us. It's somewhat limited....burgers (duh #2), including chicken, pork, and portobello burgers, a couple salads, a couple hot dog choices, a fish sandwich...plus some apps, shakes, and fries. We wound up going with the Hell's Kitchen Burger and banana shake for her, and the Uber Cheese Burger (FYI, "uber cheese" = 3 different kinds) and chocolate shake for me. We ordered regular fries to share, which came with chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup.The shakes arrived first...ok, there is pudding on top of them. How can that be bad? A shake and pudding combined takes care of all kinds of girl needs. We were in love.We also really enjoyed our burgers...the meat was of excellent quality and very flavorful.  Even the bun was good. The fries, however, left something to be desired....they were not terrible, but the burgers and shakes were so fab, we felt let down. The 2 ketchups were tasty, but the fries seemed like maybe they were sitting around for awhile? Which I find hard to believe, since they must serve fries all day long. So I guess if there IS one thing Gordon Ramsay can't do...it's fries. But we got over it. We would surely go to BurGR again (duh #3)....I'd love to try some of the other burgers and shakes....however, we'd pass on the fries....the next table had an appetizer of onion rings, maybe we'd get those instead. A very solid 4 stars.
5	Best Pork Burgers on the West Coast PeriodIf you're going here to eat, just get the pork burger, it's what you should get and what you will totally, totally enjoy. Your mouth will actually make out with you as a thank you for ordering this tasty BurGR. Skip everything else, just get that. And a beer too. It is as good as it gets! Drools....Another thing I noticed about the burger, it was really, really neatly made. Lettuce, toppings, and meat were all in one place. Not hanging out, not sticking out, just really neat. It was like they put that much more effort into the burger! I've never seen a burger this neat! It made everything taste that much better! Everything distributed so evenly and soo easy to eat. Soo oh so good.Just pay attention to the burger when it comes out, it's really neat!
3	I thought BurGR was pretty good, but not anything mind-blowing.  I really like BurGR for a few reasons:1. Total Rewards Discount 2. I won a $10 dining voucher3. Food was on clean, on point, and tasted well4. Service was impeccable.I thought there was a lot of things done well.  The server kept talking about "chef" and things he recommends/likes so it felt a lot more personable with Gordom Ramsay.  They had an extensive beer list which came out in an iPad (I love tech savvy restaurants).  We had the jalapenos, truffle fries, farm burger, and euro burger.  The jalapenos were good except the dip it came in was cold so when bf got to the 2nd jalapeno his first bite through the dip made the jalapeno cold.  I guess you gotta chill the dip but it was just a little bit of a surprise.  The truffle fries were AMAZING- perfect ratio of crisp outside to inside and the seasoning on it... I really couldn't get enough.I mark off a star because to me most high-end burger places tastes pretty the same without a crazy amount of sauce which would take away from the flavors of a burger.  The burger was very clean and done well but still imo pretty standard for a good burger.  If you love burgers, you should definitely come try here but yeah in my opinion it's not any better just that it was a good value.
3	Good service at the bar - came here for work. Nice beer selection and excellent hummus.However, when your name is Burgr they shouldn't taste bland and be uninteresting taste-wise. I didn't finish mine which is saying something.Too bad... I walked right past Cosmo d my usual Brger go-to, Holsteins, to try something new. Would try it again but too many options here in town. Boo....
5	Words can't describe this place and this review is gonna be tough to write because I'm pretty speechless haha long story short, go to Gordon Ramsay BurGR, like, right now! HahaThe Place -BurGR is located inside of Planet Hollywood and depending on what side of PH you enter in on, it could be pretty difficult to find.....or maybe my sense of directions is just absolutely horrible haha. Once I made my way around to the entrance of BurGR, I was surprised to see how open it is. The bar is a pretty decent size and located right next to the hostess stand. The decorations are very modern and urban and the big wall of fire is definitely something to take a picture of. I couldn't quite see the entire restaurant as I sat at the bar, but from what I saw, it's fairly well-sized and can fit any size party. The line and wait time to this place can get fairly long so try and make reservations, if possible. Luckily, I came to BurGR by myself on a Tuesday afternoon and there was open seating at the bar. REALLY great location and carries the theme well! You can definitely tell Gordon had a vision and he did a good job delivering! Great job, BurGR!*****5/5 Stars*****The Service -The service is nothing short of amazing as well. I arrived at the hostess' station and, despite the long line they had, I was promptly greeted. Since I was by myself, I automatically assumed that the bar was open seating, but wanted to do my due diligence and ask anyways. I was greeted with a smile and after asking about the open seating, I was welcomed to the bar. I'm gonna go ahead and get this out of the way and, being in Vegas, it's almost expected. Sex sells...so with that being said, the hostesses and female waitresses are dressed to impress as well as with the guys, but tastefully done. When I sat at the bar, I was greeted, by not one, but two bartenders..and that wasn't because one bartender didn't know what the other one was doing, but because all the bartenders are very social and make sure you're well taken care of. For my visit, I both had Eric and LaLa serve me and they were nothing short of amazing, so shout out to them! THANKS GUYS!!*****5/5 Stars*****The Food -My oh my...where do I begin?? The menu is so simple, but it's so darn delicious with all the unique burgers they offer, the sides they serve, and the delicious shakes they conjure up. I, unfortunately, did not get to try a shake, but I could've sworn the whole bar ordered the Shake #4 (Creme Brulee Pudding, Oreo Shake, topped with an Oreo cookie), so I'm assuming that's the shake to get. I decided to go with the Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings (See Picture). The rings were perfectly fried, the dusting of parmigiano-reggiano gave that rich, smooth flavor it needed, and to top it off, the Chipotle Ketchup provided just the right amount of kick to set it off. I'm a BIG fan of onion rings and these are probably the BEST I've had to date! Definitely recommended! Now, onto the main event haha....the burger. After seeing all the Yelp reviews and the majority of pics that everyone has posted, I decided to go with the Farm Burger (See Picture) and I'm soooooooo glad I did! The burger itself is grilled over Apple Wood and Older Wood and topped with Duck Breast Bacon (yes, Duck Breast), English Sharp Cheddar, and of course, a fried egg. They ask how you would like your burger cooked and I went with a medium well. The burger was cooked perfectly, had a savory flavory from the being grilled over the Apple and Older wood and juicy as a great burger should be. The duck breast bacon, although different, was absolutely delicious. It gave the burger that saltiness it needed while providing you with a different profile when compared to traditional pork bacon. It was my first time having duck breast bacon and, after sampling it on this burger, is something I'll definitely look for here on out. I cut the burger in half when I received it, and the fried egg's yolk cracked perfectly and distributed itself over the burger. If you never had a cracked yolk over a burger before, I HIGHLY suggest you start trying it and start with this one! Haha Excellent food, BurGR! Bravo!*****5/5 Stars*****Overall -I think out of all the burger joints I've been to (and as a burger fanatic, I've been to a few), this has got to be one of the best burgers I've ever tasted, the best onion rings I've ever had, and one of the best services I've been a part of. I know there are some people out there with negative reviews of this place and it truly is a shame they didn't enjoy their experience because Gordon Ramsay BurGR is definitely one to have. Stop thinking about going already and just go! Hurry! Haha
5	let me start off by saying my girlfriend and i love gordon ramsay and we went to burgr on a saturday night for my bday.we started off by ordering 1 of my personal favorites (jalapeno poppers).  now these were no ordinary jalapeno poppers!  the appearance of the poppers in their own shotglass filled with a cheddar bacon sauce/dip was just awesome.out of the 6 poppers u get they leave the seeds in 1,so its up to you to bite down and find that 1 firery surprise.the next thing we ordered was the truffle fries, now the truffle were awesome and had a unique taste that you cant find anywhere else.i personally liked them but my girlfriend wasent too fond of them.next time were getting the onion rings....  ok!!!   now to the burgrs!!   the burgrs we ordered were the blue burger and the hells kitchen burger.  both were  exceedingly amazing!!  my blue cheese burger was exactly what i wanted which is blue cheese and arugula,simple and pleasing.  now my girlfriends hells kitchen burger was also amazing and had a burst of flavors you cant get at any other burger joint period!!      so if you are thinking about goin to burgr in planet hollywood, you better go!  the food is amazing and exceeds your expectations. the atmosphere is relaxed and exciting at the sametime.  and the staff are nice and talkative.    to be honest chef ramsay never messes it up and i never expected anything less than awesome at his restaurant's.
4	Came here for a birthday. Waited about an hour which is fine because you are in a casino shopping mall.... Hello?! Perfect location. They notify via text when your table is ready- AWESOME. You get to the table and have your basic menu and then are handed an iPad to review the drink menu. It worked bc I got one of the mojitos off the darn thing. I can't remember which bc I had a few to be frank. I ordered the euro burger- goat cheese, arugula, roasted tomato and truffle oil. Seriously- AH-MAZING. I got the sweet potato fries which were crispy, stellar and delicious however I would pass on ordering with a burger next time as they are REALLY more of a dessert fry... Is that an oxymoron? Maybe, but it's true! They were sprinkled with powdered sugar..... Would have gone great with our sticky toffee pops. Which brings me to my next point. With all the hype on these pops I fully expected them to blow me away and they just didn't. They had been in a really cold fridge or freezer and tasted good but just not super. Would I come back? Heck yes! Go shopping and have them call me when my table is ready! One mojito please!
4	I'm inspired to cook in part due to Gordon but the burger was good but not Gordon good...the truffle fries were 4 stars....poppers concept works but one has seeds with a bite which made the burger almost non desirable.  I would try it again when I'm there.
5	My friend and I stumbled across this place at Planet Hollywood while getting our Earl's sandwich fix. I hadn't seen this place at the end of December in 2012, and was intrigued after my experience at his steakhouse was meh. My friend who doesn't really eat hamburgers since they're not healthy had said she would be down to try this place. So we came here the next day for lunch, but the line was super long at 2 PM (next to the flames in the glass wall - very nice touch) so we decided to gamble and come back.When we came back, there were not that many people in line, so as we waited, we of course took photos of the flamed glass wall, and perused through the menu.  We were seated quickly and liked the menu design and settings. The waiter also said we could take the menus as souveniers which was nice of them to let the diners know before hand. Our waiter was very friendly and let us peruse the iPad drink menu. We both got something fruity, and they were tasty, but wish they had mashed up the mint rather than full leaves.I told my friend the photos of the jalapeno poppers looked amazing, so we started off with that. They were the BEST jalapeno poppers ever. 6 Huge roasted peppers with cheddar bacon inside and in a shot glass of cheddar ranch sauce. I saved a shot of the ranch to dip with my fries later on.A lot of yelpers talked about the Farm Burger, with duck breast bacon and a fried egg, but I was more intrigued by the Euro burger since I'm a sucker for goat cheese and arugula. And with truffle aioli? No brainer. My friend who is not a huge GR fan went with the Hell's Kithcen Burger since she loves avocado. Our burgers were cooked to a perfect medium rare. The burgers are not huge but perfect size for me at least. My Euro Burger was spot on, loved all the flavors. My friend's Hell's kitchen burger was okay, but we liked our own better. We also ordered a side of the truffle parmesean fries, which is definitley made for sharing. Super tasty and my friend commented it comes with homemade ketchup, so has a marinara taste to it.Overall, great service, great food. Decently priced and $1 off each item for Total Rewards members. The most memorable meal in Vegas for me that trip, and would definitley be back.
5	Went to Gordon Ramsay BurGR last week while in Vegas because my wife and I are fans of Mr. Ramsay and thought this was definitely one of the cheaper Gordon Ramsay options.  We went around 1130 and didn't have to wait.  The atmosphere was AWESOME.  Our server immediately came to the table and took our drink order.  After coming back to the table the server brought an IPAD to the table which serves as the drink, dessert menu which was a pretty nice touch.  I had the Hell's Kitchen burger and my wife had the American Burger.  The fries are not included so we ordered the fries as a side.  Our food came fast and was presented nicely on the plate.  My burger was definitely the BEST I have ever had and the fries were hot and crispy but not greasy!  I wouldn't pay $37 at home for two burgers and an order of fries but on vacation why not!  Gordon Ramsay fan or not the place is AWESOME!!!
4	Definitely not cheap.  But Vegas.Got the "Hell's Kitchen" burger and it was VERY good.  The wife liked her burger too but she's very plain.All in all, I'd recommend it...if you've got the money.  Cuz Vegas.
5	Best burger of my LIFE! I came for my birthday and we almost walked away when we saw the line. Turns out it moved fast and I was impressed with their technology. They send you a text when your table is ready so you can walk away and get a drink nearby and relax. After a short wait we were at our table. You could tell they thought about everything. The waitress was very informed about every item on the menu, even when the food was served they make sure to face every plate in the same exact position. But let me get to the food. Prices extremely reasonable, especially considering this is a gourmet restaurant. All the choices were appetizing, I went with the Euro burger (truffle, goat cheese, arugula) and my boyfriend the boar. We had the truffle fries to share. Everything was as good as it gets. The meat was cooked just enough and juicy. Again I was so impressed at how well thought out everything was. I cannot wait to return here!
4	A must go eatery if you are fan of Hell Kitchen.  Their burger is delicious and oh the Truffle Fries is a must try!!! The Hell's burger is great for those into the spicy delicatessen! nom nom nom... I will go back there if I go to vegas again!
5	Went to Burgr for dinner last night. We had a party of 3 and the wait time was said to be 30 min. They took our name and number down on their iPad & were told we would receive a text. The system went down and they lost our name so we ended up waiting for over an hour. Once we were seated we ordered the chicken sliders as an appetizer. It comes with 2. They were the perfect size but we should've ordered another because it took a while to get our entree. We ordered the sabo chicken salad which was a cold and slightly spicy chicken salad. Very good!! We also got the Hell's Kitchen burger and the damnation chicken sandwich. Both were phenomenal! The meat was cooked perfectly. The chicken was like a meatball type patty. I don't like blue cheese so I had them remove the dressing however it needed some type of sauce. I ended up asking for chipotle ketchup which made it very tasty! We also ordered the sweet potato and Parmesan fries. OMG best sweet potatoes ever. They give you powdered sugar on them and on the side so you can add as much as you please. All fries come with their own dipping sauces, we asked for one of each. Everything was excellent! Perfect portions so you'll have room for dessert.
4	GREAT burgers! Good service. And it doesn't break the bank! A solid 4 stars all around. I'm usually skeptical of gourmet burger joints just bc there are sooooo many out there now. A burger is a burger right? Well no not really. And BurGR proves that you can still make a piece of meat between two pieces of bread pretty unique. Hubby and I tried the place out on a Thursday night about 6pm. We stayed at planet hollywood and every time we go by BurGR There always seems to be a line. But we were told 25 min and it really took us maybe 15 min in line. You can get in faster if you opt for one of the high top tables which are teeny but it'll do. Good view of the TV to catch some of the games.  I got the chanterelle burger which doesn't come with cheese but you can add on. I opted for Fontina cheese which worked great with the arugula, mushrooms and fig jam. My hubby got the farm burger with the fried egg and duck bacon. Wow. I mean. There are no words for that burger. Except maybe crazy delicious. What I like about the burgers are that they're not huge and unmanageable to eat. They fit nicely in the hands and are the perfect portion at least for us. The truffle Parmesan fries. Very good. Not too truffle-y. We also had the jalepeno poppers which were delicious!! The floor mgr came to check on us and gave us a funny tidbit, that in each batch of poppers there's one where they leave the seeds. apparently  my hubby got that one bc he bit into it and felt like his face was on fire. But the poppers. I highly recommend them. They have bacon inside them, hello!!To finish off our dinner we got the sticky toffee push pops which were delicious and just the right touch of sweetness to end your meal. Good beer on tap too. A nice solid place to grab a tasty meal and not go broke!! Good service too.
2	I was excited to try this gourmet burger hotspot.  We went here on Oct. 27th for dinner and the place was packed and it was only 5:30pm.  Walking up to the place it is quite an impressive site, it has a great vibe.  Even with the long line we were seated fairly quickly.The menu is fairly limited but we came for burgers so that was fine with us.  Our apps came quickly - onion rings and the pork bao buns.  Rings were great and the bao was just ok.I had the Hells Kitchen burger and it was ok.  Meat was bland and slightly undercooked for me.  I like beef on the rarer side but ground beef is kind of mushy when not cooked enough.  Not sure how this gets called the Hells Kitchen burger, there was one small roasted Jalapeno on the burger which I did not find until I was 2/3 of the way through the burger.  A few meager roasted tomatoes that were tasteless did not help.  Bun was fine but overall I just felt the burger was not that exciting.  My wife ordered the Euro burger which was a little better.  However, her burger was really charred on the outside and she ended up having to trim off some of the burger that was a little too black.  I probably would have just eaten it but she is sensitive to this.  We had the truffle fries which were great.  Oreo cookie shake was outstanding.I know of three spots in Santa Barbara the serve a better burger.
2	As much as I wanted to give this place a chance and believe it could be good .... It just isn't . Overpriced and simply not good. Proof that being famous doesn't mean you can cook. The place looks hip and cool and well designed but the food has a long was to go before it's even good. Bad service and and rushed servers. The outfits the poor women had to wear made most of them look like overinflated balloons. Made me think twice about getting a fatty burger when youSee some of these servers running around that could hardly fit into the horrible outfits management deemed suitable. Everything is overpriced and honestly nothing tastes good . Sorry Gordon maybe you should start offering a burger at McDonalds at least the quality would be better.
3	So it took a little bit to find this place, because when I went, there weren't any real good signs to find it. That's okay though, it wasn't that bad of a find. So let's break down why I'm giving it only three stars instead of more....My friend and I had two burgers between us, since it was our first time we asked for them to be cut in half so we could split both and try both! Great, they did that for us. We got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and Britannia. Hell's Kitchen Burger should have had jalapeno's but only one side did, mine, my friend didn't get to taste any jalapeno's at all so that was a bust. The meat of the burger was cooked perfectly, except the taste of it was very bland. I know what a good seasoned burger tastes like and this wasn't one. I was expecting a lot more from it and it fell a lot shorter than expectations. I can guarantee you if it was Gordon Ramsay that made the burger, it'd be exquisite but this was nothing but a shame on his name. Onto the Britannia, I expected more from this burger as well. It felt like the layers on the burger were just separate layers, nothing came together and I suspect the meat was from the same batch that made the Hell's Kitchen Burger, because it was bland as well. I asked for medium well and got well medium rare. Serious disappointment and I felt sick from just looking at the burger. The only saving grace was the Sweet Potato Fries that we got. Those were definitely one of the most delicious sweet potato fries. There's nothing really too special about them other than the taste....We got two drinks, one for each of us. I got the Innis and Gunn beer, which was definitely one of the best beers I've had. It's a golden red beer which is rich, creamy, and smooth. I enjoyed it and picked it because it was something I hadn't tried yet and was told it was one of Gordon Ramsy's favorites, gave it a go and fell in love with it! The other drink that my friend got was the Green Tea Gin I believe, which tasted just like green tea and was surprisingly good. The drink menu was also on an iPad! It was pretty fun to sit there and play with it a little while looking through the menu. The overall service was great though, but I was told if someone was named in a bad review they would get fired. Not sure how true that is, but maybe something to keep in mind? It wasn't too fast or too slow, kind of how I expected since there were quite a bit of people there. The server was very helpful and full of fun information about some of the drinks on the menu and the menu itself. I'll come back again to give this place another go because I'm hoping that my first experience was just a bad day or a fluke and wasn't represented of the place or Gordon Ramsy's name, but we shall see. I'll definitely keep you up to date on my next experience!
3	I finally tried this place after my diehard-Gordon-Ramsay-fan-girl girlfriend (yes, you read that correctly) kept pushing to eat here since our last Vegas trip.  Hmmm I would have to say that I expected more from Mr. Ramsay.  We tried the jalepeno popper shooters, parmesan fries, and sweet potato fries for appetizers.  Nothing really spectacular, but I did enjoy their sauces.  For my burger, I debated between the Farm Burger (that fried egg tempts me every time..) and the Hell's Kitchen burger.  I finally opted for the Hell's Kitchen burger and just added a fried egg to it.  It was disappointing because I was expecting something spicier and nothing about it was that memorable.  It was also not worth it to add an egg for $3 in my opinion.  Despite the average food, I do have to admit that the set up of the restaurant and presentation of the food was impressive.  All the little details from when you enter to the end of the meal were really cool.  Service was okay, but I did like how our server showed us all the drinks and desserts through his iPad.  The presentation of the check came in a little compartment with an iPhone to rate the service.  Wthell..nifty haha. Overall, this is just one of those places you would want to stop by to experience it, but would not come back for seconds.
3	Wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised.  Great hella kit hen burgr.  Would go back, quick easy eats on the strip walk :)
2	We were very excited to try a Gordon Ramsey restaurant on this trip.  Unfortunately, this experience left a lot to be desired.  If we were going to a Red Robin it would have been fine - but at a place where you are paying top dollar for a burger and the chief-owner touts himself to be the master of the dining experience, adequate is not acceptable.  The food was fine, nothing special about the burger, I had the apple, kale Caesar salad, it had 4 paper thin slices of apple and 5 shreds of kale leaves with sub-par dressing.  The fries were over done and tastes old.  The only shining spot was the shake which was amazing.  As far as service,we waited for 30 minutes after finishing our appetizer and no one came by our table.  I finally had to flag down our waitress who informed me that that it does take a long time and she should have told me that.  Which seems absurd that a burger place would take that long.  When our appetizer, chicken sliders, came out moments after placing the order.  In a place like Vegas where there are so many amazing options, don't waste a meal here.
4	It's in the Planet Hollywood casino, right beneath Koi. You can't miss it with the waves of flames showcasing the restaurant. There was a pretty long line, I'm not sure why, because we walked up to the front, put our names down with the host and got a text when our table was available. We never asked why they were in line...I guess we'll never know :PSo our group of six sat down after about 30 minutes, not too bad. We ended up sharing the jalapeno poppers, not too spicy, even a wimp like me could handle these. The catch was that one of the six had all the jalapeno seeds stuffed in it. Thankfully I avoided this tragic fate, because I probably would have been in the bathroom for the rest of the night, dropping off fireballs. I'm terrible with spicy haha.We also got the truffle fries (YES, AMAZING), onion rings (crunchy, but still flavorful, not the over-fried dry onions that you can sometimes run into), and regular fries (meh, OK). I got the Britannia burger, which I highly recommend. Sharp cheddar with mango chutney. MANGO? In a burger? YES and it works so well! Not too sweet, but just enough flavor to make you go, ohhh, yesssss. I was definitely surprised, in a good way :DOverall, food was delicious, service was excellent, pricing was reasonable, especially for a Vegas meal.
5	Five stars cause it's just so damn good.. dammit I wanna go back .. Vegas, why you so far?Sigh. Okay, so our group of 7 came at around 6pm/7pm, and we were told that couples had to wait between 5-10 minutes, parties of 3 however were an hour an 10 minutes..ridic difference @_@ I decided to sit by myself at the bar area but eventually my two friends joined me and we were able to share food without having to wait a longass time.$37 is quite a bit for burger, shake, and fries, however with all the money I spend on food - this was definitely worth it, even if it ended up in the bathtub after Light - fuck that AMF. I still don't understand the servers' outfits (how do spacesuits work with a burger place? o.O) but they were helpful and kinda friendly, ordering process was pretty quick, and their menu isn't that large so that's cool.I decided on the following:-  farm burger (runny egg, sharp cheddar cheese, med well patty, duck fucking breast bacon- shake #4 (oreo shake, creme brulee pudding [essentially just super vanilla-y custard, hello vanilla bean specks!!] and thickass whipped cream- truffle fries (me and two guys failed to finish...that's saying a lot)Upon first bite, my eyes rolled back. I think that's good enough. I didn't even know duck could be bacon but .. duck is really good, bacon is dericious, put the two together and you have a lovechild of wonderfulness.When I took a sip of the shake .........oh man - is this what having all your basic needs filled feels like? I felt like I was riding a unicorn through a sparkley wonderland as Above and Beyond and Myon and Shane54 made a collaboration. HHHHHHNNNNNNNGGGGG is all I can think of.  Truffle fries - these were thick and parmeseany. The garlic aioli. Oh goodness gracious. I sat there in my seat having my eyes roll back half the time and sat in silence as I chewed. No words can describe!! Just look at people's faces as a smile appears on their face.I also tried the hog burger, I think that one was okay. As much as I love pork, this was interesting .. I guess you could say I'm glad I didn't get it, it just wasn't my cup of tea.Now, with the absence of day clubs, as long as BurGR remains open, there is reason to come to Vegas!! Oh yeah, I was full as fuck after eating this so that's cool too.
4	Hands down the very best Burger Spot I have ever been to in my life!!!!! When you talk about the food that is..The Service not so much.  The service times here was to me was on the slow side.  With my table they ran what I'm sure was a 20+ ticket time, which dropped them a whole other star.  The service times are  something that with all the focus on service and quality Gordon harps on, was lacking.  But beyond that the food was amazing when it finally did come out.  The queue system in order to be seated was also a first that I have seen and really added to the cool and chic feel that this place was going for.  Definitely will come back,  however I will be expecting to be here for about 45-60 mins once we stand in line until we get the food.  An expectation that I hope they did not meet the next time.
4	There was a long line next to the fire wall to get in, if you gonna go, make sure to bring someone that has a Diamond total Rewards card :). (probably cut the wait time in 1/2 maybe more) Burgers were pretty good. I had the Britannia burger. Definitely suggest the  Parmesan fries. For desert someone suggested the Sticky Toffee Pudding, which was pretty good as well, I had some of my son's Oreo shake and that was very good. I've tried steak at Gordon Ramsey Steak at Paris so next one is Pub & Grill.
4	Gordon Ramsay is one of my fave chefs to watch on TV. He's sort of the Simon Cowell of the foodie world and I love that!I was extremely excited to dine here with the bf and our bodybuilder friend Seth (Elf boy). We actually patiently waited in line for about 20-25 minutes. Not so bad of a wait for a popular restaurant on a night where people were ready to grub before hittin' up da clubs. I loved how casual the environment was but it still had it's little upscale feel to it with the service. I thought it was pretty cool when the waitress brought out this iPad drink menu where you can scroll through all the drinks they offered. Seth and I both had a glass of the Pumpkin beer which was bombtastic! I honestly don't remember which burger I ordered but I do remember thoroughly enjoying it. The meat was cooked perfectly medium for my taste. We also ordered 2 orders of sweet potato fries, 1 regular fries and onion rings for the table. I liked how the sweet potato fries came out with this delicious honey dipping sauce and there was powdered sugar all over them. You definitely don't need to order any dessert if you get these fries.I definitely would come back here with a huge empty stomach so I can try out some other tasty items on their menu! Maybe for lunch that way there's no wait. :)
4	Of course you have to make a point to try Gordon Ramsay's burger joint when you are in Vegas. My standards were set very high when I dined at this place since it was Gordon Ramsay's restaurant. My burger was good and prepared well, I wish fries were included or small salads as the burgers are pricey. I really enjoyed the soba noddle salad. Overall the burgers were good but I felt it could have been better... maybe my expectations of this place were through the roof. Overall it's was a good dining experience would wouldn't hesitate to try it again.
4	I was able to grub at this eatery over the weekend.  there was a line outside and took us thirty mins to be seated. we would have been seated sooner but were missing two friends from our party. the hostesses makes you wait until the entire party is there to seat you, just an FYI.we started off with the jalepeno poppers and beer battered onion rings.  the poppers were just ok.  really didn't think much of it.  however, the onion rings were my favorite item.  it's battered with newcastle beer and perfectly crisp.  Absolute perfection! I ordered the hell burger and asked for it to be cooked medium.  To be honest, I've had better.  My burger was a bit dry and really didn't live up to my expectations.  However, my friends who ordered the the duck burger and the bf went with the pulled pork burger all seemed to enjoy it, so much that they ate ever morsel!! If I do return, I would probably try another burger.  For dessert the bf and I shared the #5 shake!  Omg!! This was sooooo delicious.  If I didn't fill up on all the other grub during our seating, no doubt, I would've demolished it!  All in all, service was great!  Everyone was attentive and on top of things and I'm willing to give this place another shot and like I said before probably will order another burger off the menu since they had others that caught my eye.
3	After having some of the best burgers that money can buy i gotta say that this wasn't one of them. Although it is a good burger,  not a great burger. Big ups to the oreo shake though.
5	The best burger I have ever had! The # 5 milkshake was very good too. Not a lot of it but pleasantly not over sweet. I am a low carber and although they offered lettuce wrap, I sacrificed the carbs and ate half the bun. OMG good!  Shared the milk shake. Beer battered onion rings were good but would have been better with twice the onion. Overall highly recommend this place. We had an hour wait but they take your # and text you when ready so you don't have to stand in line. Awesome overall.
4	amazing food
5	Amazing!  Loved the food!  We had onion rings, poppers, sweet potato fries, truffle fries, and burgers. Best food I ate in Vegas!
5	So I just realized a couple weeks ago I checked in and promised a review but never wrote one. Sorry gang blame the nice weather and free flowing alcohol here in Vegas for my forgetfulness. The restaurant was awesome. The Parmesan truffle frys were the bomb!! I could have eaten a ton of those suckers. The burger was top notch. Exactly what you would expect from Gordon Ramsey. This is a nice way to have Chef Ramsey's food without the ultra high price. I'll be back!
5	Oh. Em. Gee. Loved this place! The was a huge line, but they came to take our cell number, and texted us when there was a table ready, which was awesome. An hour wait, but we shopped in Miracle MIle while we waited, so no big deal. The folks working at the front seemed a but snooty, but once we were sat all was well. Our server was friendly and genuine, which helped make the meal great. We started with the onion rings, which were perfect: fried and crispy without being greasy, good flavour, and topped with cheese. Yum! We all enjoyed our burgers a lot - I had the pork burger, and it may have been the best burger I've ever had. Fresh, tasty bun, great ingredients, perfectly cooked meat. Can't ask for more! We paired our meal with their cider on tap, which was delicious and a great complement to the food, without being too heavy. Everything is made in house from the burgers themselves to the sauces - and it shows in the freshness and quality. Also, the price was certainly right. All round a great experience!! Will be on the list of places to go back on in Vegas for SURE.
4	The food was good, not over the top. The hostess stand lacked a lot of personality. There were 5 and not one greeted us or ever smiled. The outfits were terrible all the way around! The waitresses were great. At the end of the day it was just a burger. I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and my husband had the Farmhouse Burger. We also had the Truffle Fries.
5	This cheese burger was so great that I don't know how I will ever enjoy another. It has spoiled me. I had the euro burger. It was the perfect blend of flavors, all beautifully complimenting one another. I ordered it medium and it was perfectly pink in the middle. My husband ordered the hk burger, also very good-- just a little too spicy for me. We each had the truffle fries which were also good. The beer selection is also top notch. They have innis and gunn!  Which I have only been able to find in Atlanta. The wait can be long, but it is well worth the wait. I can't wait until I have a chance to try another Gordon Ramsey restaurant. His burgr is genius!
5	Visiting Vegas is always a treat especially when it comes to the food! My husband and I visit Las Vegas every year and one of the main things we look forward to is "Good Eats". I must say we've experienced that at BurGR. This restaurant is an excellent addition to the Planet Hollywood Hotel. The atmosphere was delightful and our service was awesome. My husband and I both had the American Burger with fries.  We couldn't decide on which fries to get so we decided on the Truffle fries and the Original fries. The portion of fries you get are enormous. The burgers were amazing and cooked perfectly to our liking. You will leave very satisfied. The fries were amazing with the dipping sauces. I would recommend you visit this place while in Vegas! My only critique would be the lines can be pretty long to get a table. However, once you get that table you will forget about the wait!
4	Delicious food.Great duck bacon.G Burger in La Habra is better.
4	I don't know if this was one of those times when we were so hungry that we could eat a piece of cardboard and think it was the best thing on earth, but the Hell's Kitchen burger on that particular day was delicious.  It was cooked a bit more done than I like, but still came out tasty with just the right amount of perfectly paired toppings.  Something about that roasted tomato made this burger even better.  Loved it. Everyone at my table did, in fact.  My friend ordered her's as a chicken burger (they don't have turkey burgers) and she said she loved her's as well.  Score!We arrived at around noon on a Tuesday, and we just had to wait a few minutes for the tables to be cleared.  We did have to split our large party but who cares when you just want to eat.  By the time we left, there was a pretty decent line forming.  I could imagine this place being a zoo during the weekends.  Overall, our service was good.  Prices are a bit high, considering the sides are extra, but hey, it's Vegas.  If you have a Total Rewards card, you get a buck off each item ordered.  That's for the entire table. Nice perk.
4	Quick review.. I loved the one other member of our party of 4 loved it, the other two thought it was okay... At like 11pm on a Thursday we went for dinner once we checked in. Was told 30-45 minutes, gave our number so they could text us, 5 minutes later while watching the Bellagio fountains across the street, the text came. Service meh, waitress had friends sit at the table next to us about half way through and it was like we didn't exist. The Poppers were EXCELLENT we all agreed on that, the Maui Onion Rings, good (but I'm not a huge parmesan fan) so I didn't expect to love them since I knew they had them. I had the Farm burger medium rare and perfect! Was one of the best I've ever had. Duck Bacon, sharp cheddar & an egg... SO GOOD... Wife had the Euro burger seemed to really enjoy it. Friends spit a burger (not sure which) but they asked for medium well (and it was split) so you could see the temp and it was medium rare-rare so it had to be sent back. But by this time out waitress had stopped paying attention to us, so making this happen was a task. Food was very good, I'll chalk up the poor service to our waitress. Good ambiance, would try again. We also got some of the pudding shakes to go a few days later as we passed through (too full to try the first trip in) those were excellent. Something you don't really get anywhere else, but worth it as a togo item to try if you don't have the time to stop in and want something sweet and tasty.
5	The best burger I've had so far!
4	Could've been a 5 star rating but the 20 min wait in line plus 30-40 min wait for the food knocks it down one star. Sorry Gordon.Went here on a Sunday night for dinner with friends. We all got greedy and ordered ONE burger and all of their fries. Yeah. Greedy. Haha. Ordered:  Euro Burger: truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula and oven roasted tomato. Huge portion! I like my meat pink. Yeah judge me. But it's so juicy and the taste of the goat cheese, truffle and arugula just blends into some kind of goodness. Fury Chicken Wings: Ok this is not for kids! It has a kick to it...a spicy-ness kick.Sweet Potato Fries: Vanilla powerdered sugar and honey jalapeno mayo. Ok, powdered sugar on SWEET potato fries? Ok too much sweetness going on here.Truffle Parmesan Fries: Hand cut fries, truffle parmesan, truffle salt and truffle aioli. OMG. Just truffles left and right. Just fries: the safest type of fries you can get.The restaurant is fairly small. OR I thought so. Again, expect for a long wait on your food and long wait in line...unless you're the God/Goddess of Total Rewards points and they will just let you bypass the line.
3	You have to admit, Gordon Ramsay is pretty entertaining to watch on TV. I love his passion and extreme ways and being able to see it all that on TV is just so addicting!When the BurGR restaurant finally opened in PH, I just so happen to be staying at PH so I decided to give the place a try.  While walking around some time in the hotel, this place always seems to be packed! The line sometimes stretches out to the casino.  We went when it was kind of dying and didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes for a table.I really liked the concept of their restaurant.  The cool presentation of the menu and setting. The Ipad featuring all their eclectic drinks and desserts. Overall, it was all pretty cool.  The server was really friendly and did a wonderful job of explaining the menu and suggesting some popular items.We tried the jalapeno popper shooters, parmesan fries, Farm Burger and Hell's Kitchen Burger. When the jalapeno popper shooters came, it was a fun little game to play while waiting for your entree. However, when the BF and I were playing russian roulette with our appetizers, when we finished all the poppers, we looked stunned at each other because we couldn't determine who had the "spicy" popper.  They all tasted the same. Not hot at all! It was kind of a let down.  The Farm Burger was good.  Nothing too spectacular.  I did however like the egg was cooked perfectly. I cut my burger in half and was able to see the yellow yolk running down.  The BF's Hell's Kitchen burger was ok. It wasn't spicy at all.  For an extreme chef, I'm surprised he would tone down his food that much.  I would expect Chef Ramsay to produce some HOT HOT HOT food to match his HOT HOT HOT personality.Overall, this place was ok.  I'm glad I was able to try it. Seeing the menu beforehand and finally being able to try it, I was kind of disappointed that Chef Ramsay didn't deliver on his food.
2	Totally overrated. I don't think any of the beef here is grass fed, organic, or all natural. It tasted like the patties were previously frozen which is ridiculous if you're going to pay $15+ dollars for a burger. The jalapeno poppers were obviously pre-frozen with an inconsistent temperature. The only thing that was kind of good here were the onion rings. The staff here was effective and accommodating. We had two drinks, two appetizers, and two burgers; I think the bill with tip came out to around $90. If you're going to drop that kind of coin, go to the Bacchanal buffet at Caesars palace or another good buffet. This place is a joke and sometimes the line is long. Do yourself a favor and don't eat here unless you like cheap beef  in your burgers and  pre-frozen appetizers at a premium price.
4	I went for an early dinner because I noticed that there was typically a long line at peak dining hours, and that definitely made all the difference.  The chanterelle burger was phenomenal, especially with the flavors of the arugula complemented by the figgy onion jam.  The sweet potato fries were a bit sweet given that they were served with vanilla powdered sugar, as well as a jalapeno honey dipping sauce.  If the sauce were spicier it would have been pretty near perfect.  The service at the bar was wonderful, though the price of beer and wine was a bit higher than it should have been.  Nevertheless, I would happily return to BurGR the next time I am in Vegas; it's worth it.
5	This place did not disappoint. Medium Rare burger cooked perfectly along with the truffle fries and a shake!  Split it all with my date and it made for the perfect late night bite.
4	Surprisinig how good a Burger can taste. If you have a Total rewards card you save a couple of bucks (so get one - it is free) - if you have any status with the casino you can skip the (most of the time long) line.The food is really awesome. Love it!
5	One of the best burgers ever. Might be as good as Val's Burger in Hayward Ca. I'm guessing a third pound patty cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Nice and fatty. Was an hour and a half wait but they text us with a ten minute warning. The milkshake was crazy good as were the onion rings. 90.xx for four people.
4	Let me preface this review- I love burgers. LOVE them. I would marry one if I could marry a food product. I've probably eaten hundreds of burgers over my lifetime and am on the perpetual quest for the BEST burger. With that said... I was expecting so much more from Mr. Ramsay (especially after waiting for an hour- thank goodness for YOLO! down the way in PH). I normally don't have expectations (this way you're never disappointed!)... but after seeing him on TV... I expected this to be an AMAZING burger. It was good... but not GREAT. The hubby and I split the Farm burger and fries. Fries were yummy... loved the sauce... but all in all... wasn't my favorite burger of all time. Overall- Gave it an 8.
4	This place is delicious. The truffle parm fries were to die for. They do charge separately for the fries, but it is a huge serving and can be split by up to four people. My husband and I couldn't come close to finishing them. He got the fish and crisp sandwich,  which was delicious but hard to eat. I got the euro burger, which was to die for. You will be full when you leave. You will also be paying about $50 for two people. I didn't try the shakes,  but that's what they're specialty is. There was a line out to the casino, but overall it didn't take too long to get seated. I did see empty seats scattered around that had dirty tables. It seemed like the cleaning was holding everything up. Sad, since there wouldn't be too much of a wait if tables were cleaned right away. Also, they have an interactive iPad with all of their drink choices and descriptions. This can be a positive and a negative. The waitress has to spend a lot of time explaining the program and showing you how to use it. She has to spend a lot of time at a new table for the iPad, which makes service suffer at other tabkes. However, the drink descriptions are nice and the program is cool to explore. However, it's basically a fancy menu that takes up time and energy and this is my only real complaint.
4	I walked in guessing this would be a terrific burger, and I wasn't disappointed. Paul, my server, was quick, knowledgable, and kind. He suggested an awesome cocktail (skinny screw) that I had to restrain myself from drinking immediately. Ordered the Blue Burger with arugula- fabulous! It was simple, but every ingredient was fresh and delicious. Perfect amount of blue cheese and I love the buns they use. Great value for the $$.
4	Amazing. It was some of the best food we had in Vegas. And the service was fantastic. I had been kind of disappointed with that while here but Ramsay's burgers definitely fits what you think when you discuss Vegas food and service. The combinations on the burgers are unique and delicious! Definitely give the japaleno poppers a chance!
5	Great place to have an exceptional dinner. I started off with the Oreo shake, the pudding was outrageously fantastic. I was kinda nervous being a vegetarian inside of a GR restaurant, lucky for me I got to order the Earth Burger. Just the smell alone is worth the trip, I love how the bun was toasted just perfectly. The burger was hardy and amazing. I also had the truffle parm fries which were the best fries I've ever tasted, and I don't think they can ever be topped. Overall an amazing experience, with great scenery as well. The price is stiff but hey, when I'm winning in Vegas, I'm spreading my money at BurGR.
4	I enjoyed this place and the food execution and service is excellent.  The burgers look small, but the meat is so rich that you're easily filled by half of the burger.  So, be careful ordering and sharing is an option.  If you come with 4 people, consider splitting up the burgers and share.  I liked the jalapeno poppers the best and came in a shot glass.  Ordered ice tea and got refills without even asking, great service.
4	We were staying at PH and were able to get there right after they opened. So we were seated within a couple of minutes. The server was good. But the rest of the staff seemed a little confused on the teamwork -- they brought our appetizer twice (we were honest and sent the 2nd one away) and one person brought another soda to our table right after our server had already just refilled our drinks. Why is that a complaint? Well, they refill your same glass. So when this other random soda showed up, the straw looked used. Wrong table, we were sure. Kinda gross.On to the food.. Sure it's a good burger. And the onion rings are really good, made with sweet Maui onions instead of the traditional yellow. But let's face it, you are paying for the brand name here.  Yes I would eat here again if I were with someone who wanted the experience, just as I did. But I wouldn't make it a point myself to go out of my way to come back because I know where to get great burgers at home. The sticky toffee pudding push pops were great though. I do recommend those.
5	BURGR, service, Vegas, Planet Hollywood, Batch 19 pre-prohibition lager, awesome crowd, great vibe and killer burgers. Forget what you heard, this place is legit!
5	This is my first time coming here to this restaurant and I have to say I had a great experience eating here. Everyone is very friendly, helpful, and very nice. We came here around 11:30 am and we had a 30 min wait and texted us when out table is ready, which is pretty cool, so we just walked around the casino played some games. We got our text and got our table. So we order our food; I got the American Burger with the meat medium cook and some hand cut French fries. As we are waiting for food my sister wants to get a beer and they showed us the options in the iPad which it was cool. We got our food and took that first bite and it was really amazing the meat was nice and juicy and the fries was good. I really like the restaurant and I will come again soon.
5	We had to wait 30 minutes to get a table which seemed strange for a burger joint. But let me tell you. After eating here. I would happily wait a full hour or more to enjoy this dining experience! Our waiter "Alex" was personable and had great menu knowledge. Not only could he explain what was in the item, but he could suggest combinations of starter/side and entree. This was the best meal we had after a week in Vegas. Hands down a "must do"! This changes the way you see your Hamburger!
5	My wife and I waited about 30 minutes to get into Burgrs and found it to be worth the wait. Both of our burgers were cooked the way we asked for them to be cooked. I had the Hells Kitchen Burger, I forgot which one that my wife had, but she said her mouth was watering while she ate it. We got the sweet potato fries by accident (suppose to be regular fries) but we told them to leave them and we were glad we did because they were like desert. The jalapeno poppers were great and over all we really enjoyed the whole experience.
3	First off, the address for Gordon Ramsay's BurGR is incorrect on this page. It is not in Caesars Palace, it is in Planet Hollywood!Anyway, BurGR is always very packed in high clientele so it is obviously a popular place to eat. During my visit with my boyfriend, we ordered the honey pig bao bun and we both ordered the farm burger and the "just fries". The hone pig bao bun was okay, the bun's texture wasn't the best I have tried, it would get stuck in my teeth, which is irritating. Overall, they were okay.We were both very excited to try the farm burger because all of the pictures we saw made it look amazing, plus when they finally had it served to us, it looked delicious. Well, as we ate it, we both thought that there was something missing... Overall the burger was okay, we both have had better..The "just fries" were only okay as well.. The texture was so weird, it was like a rubbery texture, which didn't feel right as we ate them.Overall, BurGR is okay. I apologize Gordon Ramsay, but it's a great concept you have going on at this restaurant, the food just isn't at the tip of the tea amazing. It was a good experience, but I don't think I will be coming back.
3	The burger restaurants in order of preference:1. Bachi burger2. Holsteins3. BurgrBranded items on the strip obviously come with a premium price as well.  The burgers here were about $15 and side items like fries and onion rings were about $10 but definitely big enough to share between 2.  There is a total rewards discount of $1 off each menu item.  Given the prices, the flavors were a little lack luster.  I tried the farm burger with duck breast bacon, aged sharp cheddar, and a fried egg.  While the burgers were cooked to perfection, the farm burger flavor balance leaned toward the salty side because of the duck breast bacon.  The buns seem pretty typical as well.  The other burger I tried was the chanterelle burger with chanterelle mushrooms, arugula, and fig jam.  The flavor profile on this one leaned towards the too sweet side.  Overall, there didn't seem to be a balance in the flavors in the burgers here compared to Bachi burger or even Holstein's.  There seems to be more creativity in the burgers at the other two places.  I was quite disappointed by the truffle fries, they remind me of the red robin fries with fresh grated Parmesan on top and a hint of truffle oil.  But honestly Red Robins may do it better...the fries had a strange grainy rubbery texture.  The Maui onion rings were also just regular onion rings with Parmesan on top but the cheddar ranch dipping sauce was packed with flavor and delicious.  We also tried the sticky toffee pudding pops with salted peanut ice cream.  The way the item is presented in layers, you have to eat the ice cream and the sticky toffee pudding separately when the two of them actually taste better when eaten together.  The ambience of the place reminds me of a sports bar, the service was excellent...but I probably won't make a repeat visit.  Bachi burger is still my place for gourmet burgers without the added price tag of being a restaurant on the Strip.
2	I never review but, thought it was important because we are members of the International Food and Wine Society. We love great food, great wine and great chefs. Last Sat. we went to BurGR and my husband and I could not believe they served our wine in a cheap casino wine glass. When we told the waitress she informed us they didn't have any clean glasses at the time. My burger was dry and too much bun. My husband's was delicious and so where the fries. Mr. Ramsay should make sure his staff has plenty of wine glasses for those wine lovers. Personally I should have keep my reservation at Julian Serrano Restaurant.
4	This was great!  My boyfriend I ate here for lunch. We waited about 10 minutes. Not bad. Our waitress was very nice and helpful. She was sure to show us the size of the fries before ordering (1 order is PLENTY for two people). I love when they are helpful so that too much food isn't ordered unnecessarily. Food-  I had the Euro burger. Delish!  I had it medium cooked and it had goat cheese, roasted tomatoes, aioli, arugula on a sesame seed bun. My only issue was the bun. I found it a little dry but the burger was so good it made up for that. My boyfriend got a burger with just cheese and duck bacon. He liked it and said the duck bacon tasted like normal bacon. We ordered the Parmesan truffle fries. Our waitress brought out the wrong fries, the regular ones. Once I brought it to her attention she was super nice told us to snack on the wrong fries until ours comes out. Fries - I wanted to like these. I'm not a fan of steak cut fries and was also surprised they weren't crispy. The aioli dipping sauce on the side was awesome but I would overall say fries were "ok". Good burger place for Vegas. Decent prices. Maybe next time I'll try a different side.
4	We came for dinner after a long event at MGM. The seating hostess was friendly and the wait was only 10 or 15 min. The decor was bright and clean, although it was a little weird that half the restaurant was exposed to the casino floor. But this seems to be the popular design of new restaurants on the Strip today. Our waitress was very friendly, energetic, and helpful. Prices were very reasonable and the food was done very well. We enjoyed the Kale Caesar Salad, the Hog Burger, the Farm Burger, truffle fries, and shake #4. The portions were very generous that we ended up taking a lot of leftovers to go. Definitely up to par with Gordon Ramsay standards.
5	Best burger I've ever had!!!!! And their truffle fries are to die for. Service is also great and the staff are super friendly!
5	Best Burger Ever!We split two burgers, the Euro Burger and Chanterelle Burger and an order of Truffle Parmesan fries.  All the food was done perfectly.  The beer was cold, the wait time for seating was minutes and the wait time to get the food was reasonable.  Maybe we got lucky but we loved this place. We felt the Euro Burger was the best we've ever had.  And the fries were AMAZING!Expensive?  Yes.  Worth it?  We thought so.
4	Went here for a late dinner last weekend and was curious how it was going to be.  Ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger with Parmesan Truffle Fries.  The burger was very flavorful and could stand-up on it's own.  My burger also had Asadero cheese, roasted tomatoes and roasted jalapeno's.  I thought it could have been a bit spicier.  The fries were hand cut and really good.  The Truffle aioli dip and housemade ketchup were a nice touch.  Also enjoyed the Sticky Toffee Pudding pops with peanut ice cream.  Brought back very fond memories of eating ice cream pops, just that these were a lot fancier.  I want to come back to try some of the other items on the menu.  Service was very good.
5	First time here and very satisfied! It was definitely worth the 1 wait!!! You will not be disappointed!! I ordered the Hells kitchen burger with the spicy mayo... Omg to die for!! The staff and service was amazing!!
5	Had the hog burger it was so nice and juicy also had their union rings and man oh man and I stuffed after having a real deliciousness butterscotch pudding and banana shake it was to die for and the waitress was also good over all really good experience
3	The restaurant is really nice didnt care for how we were seated which was side by side barely any room and when we asked for another chair so one of us could sit on the opposite side they told us we have no more chairs after looking around I noticed another waitress stacking chairs on the side and moving them towards the back no extra chairs my butt. Moving on to the food it was good not omg good but it was a experience, when in Vegas your suppose to try new things but unfortunately its not a place I will be trying again I wasn't impressed.
2	Came in for the Sticky Toffee Pudding Pops, they weren't bad, but definitely too sweet for my taste, especially when you get to the bottom. The salted caramel was great though. The service is awful (luckily my friends and I bypassed the lines and went up to the bar to get our order), but there were a number of seriously disgruntled patrons waiting in line. One couple ended up cursing at the hostesses (there were 5 of them standing there, a fourth of the restaurant was empty, and a huge line was piling up outside), and then stomping out.
4	The food and service at the bar was amazing. The only thing that can potentially turn an interested customer away, is the DUMB, ditzy hostesses in the beginning.They're all young, highly insecure and know nothing about working in a restaurant. My friend and I were in a long line to get in and this hostess came around 5 different times asking us how many was in our party. She had nothing in hand to keep an orangized record of anything. Meanwhile, the line never even moved! She annoyed and frustrated the many others in line for the same reasons. On a previous occasion when I decided not to eat there because of a severely long wait, a different hostess never answered a question of mine. Instead, she looked away and started socializing with her fellow ditzy co-worker. That and the long, long wait, really turned me off. So, if you're planning to try this restaurant, please do, I recommend it for the great food. But here are my tips to success on getting to the great food: 1) Try to figure out a time of the day when they're the least busiest so you can avoid a long wait. 2) Don't ask the hostesses anything, it's pointless, they're pointless.  3) If you happen to be stuck in a long line anyway, (if you're a small party and don't have minors with you), just go sit at the bar. The service there is fast and the bartenders treat you like VIP. Enjoy!
5	Since this area is tourist trap central, I had my doubts about trying this place. I don't even watch his show so I wasn't at all excited as my brother in law when he convinced me to go.  Since there were only 2 of us, we were able to get seated pretty quickly. The waitress done a great job of describing the items that she was recommending. We ended up getting some beers, fries and burgers. I was thinking there is no way a burger could be worth $14. I was wrong. This burger was delicious and different from anything I've ever tried. It may not be worth $14 but it's worth trying at least once. Service was awesome!
4	Hog burger and the chicken sliders yum!!! American for the kids, I didn't try it but kids loved it. Fries were ok. Would come back and bring friends. :)
4	In the wise words of Gordon Ramsay, "This was bloody fantastic." Also, "*BLEEP* BLEEP* *BLEEP* %$%#%#!!!!"I didn't expect much going in, as every time I walked past BurGR it was always filled with tourists that looked miserable and tired. Tourist trap to the max, but like a moth to a flame, I was attracted to it and knew that after 3 times in Vegas without going in, this was it. If you're a Total Rewards Member (at a higher tier), all menu items are a dollar off and you can cut everyone in line. Too bad all my points are at MGM.The wait wasn't too terrible and I was plenty entertained by the people behind me talking about Master Chef Junior and the differences between the UK and US Gordon Ramsay shows. My friend and I weren't in the mood for fries (wahh...next time) so we split a cold chicken soba salad and HOT DIGGITY DAMN. Yes. Drop whatever the hell you're eating and split this. It was so good I didn't even want my burger anymore. I just wanted more salad. She ordered the Farm Burger ("orgasm in my mouth") and I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger medium rare. DELICIOUS. While not the best burger I've ever tasted, it is definitely top 5. Everything went well together and I happily scarfed down $15 while trying not to look like I was vacuuming it into my mouth.The service was fantastic and our server was personable and friendly (not to mention super young). I will be back!!
5	I watched a bunch of Gordon Ramsay TV shows and finally got to try his BurGR restaurant out. I came in with HIGH expectations and every one of them were met. Whether or not you are a Ramsay fan, this place is a must try for the best service and burgers.Wait:Yes, there will always be a line. Each time I walked by at all hours of operations, I saw a line.My visit was on a Saturday for lunch. 10:45am Saturday = no line. 11am (opening) = 30 people in line. Since we were the first group to enter, line died down really fast. However, expect a line if you go during any main meal times.Service: After being seated, we were presented with an IPad for the drink menu. Very easy to navigate and modern. Our server(s) (they apparently have a "backup" server as well) were all attentive and friendly. Great service.Timing:If you watch Hell's Kitchen or Master Chef, you know Ramsay is all about timing and putting out delicious food without making the guests wait. I have to say, the timing of the drinks to appetizer to entree was perfect. Food:Since it was my first time, had to order the Hell's Kitchen burger -Medium Well. Let tell you.. from the top bun to the bottom, pure perfection. The buns were super soft yet maintained it's form from the crisp outside, the bottom bun was not soggy, and all the ingredients worked really well. Definitely one of the best burgers I've had.Jalapeno Poppers - what a clever way to present it. Not that having a main dipping bowl to dip your poppers is hard work but the individual shot glasses containing sauce and the popper makes it... easier and more enjoyable. Hands down, the freshest jalapeno poppers I've had. Fries with Truffle oil. If you are dining with someone else, 2 burgers and one order of fries is plenty for both. I saw some people order a side of fries per person and none of them left finishing the fries off. What can I say... fries.. truffle oil.. yum yum yum.Great service, great food, VERY reasonable price (TR members get $1 off each item), this is definitely a must try if you are on the strip.GO GO GO GO GO!
4	Overall it was very good. The waiter was well-informed about the menu, but, there are too many waiters. My daughter spilt her drink on the table and I sopped  it up with her cloth napkin can. We asked for another cloth napkin. That waiter forgot to bring it to me. Then I asked our main waiter to bring napkins and he brought us paper napkins. The worst was my pork burger was almost raw and the waiter reminded me of a used car salesman trying to explain to me that it was medium well. I'm 53. I know the difference between raw and medium well. He didn't offer to get me another one. On the other hand, we ate at Chef Ramsay's steak last year spending over $400. We had a great dessert named  sticky rice. They had a sticky rice Push pop here. But it pales in comparison they should just sell the sticky rice dessert here as well. we also got sweet potato fries with their  jalapeno sauce with it -- it was very flavorful and we ask for an extra one plus some extra goat cheese for daughters burger. By the time we got them both, we were almost done with our lunch. Otherwise, overall it was enjoyable experience we liked the gas grill flames in the window the hostess outfits were Nice. I'd recommend The restaurant but too many chefs spoil the broth in this case too many different waiters/servers/busboys or whatever they're call that kept coming to our tables were clueless to our original order and several requests. I felt like it was our government where nobody was accountable to us. Despite all these problems, I still recommend it but Id make sure you made your waiter accountable
5	For a moderately priced option on the strip this would be hard to beat. First the downsides, was an hour wait, but it was Saturday night, and with people watching on the strip, the mall, or throwing money away at the casino you can find someway to spend the hour doing. I got a hotdog and the rest of my party talked crap because I didn't get a burger, but joke was on them when it came out, crazy delicious, bun overstuffed with cheese and peppers, ridiculous. But the best thing we got were the sweet potato fries, I really don't think I can ever order them from anywhere else, because they just won't measure up
5	Damn I love this burger joint. Their Farm Burger with Duck Bacon and Fried Egg was just simply amazing... The duck bacon was so crispy... and the beef patty was so juicy and flavorful... Ahh it was simply devine...We also got to try their Truffle Fries which were devine and their Jalopeno Poppers which had a nice kick to it. Although some were cold inside.. not sure if they were suppose to be like that..?Overall an amazing experience here! Gordon Ramsay you did not disappoint us! I applaud you! :)Oh yea and a bonus... our waitress was so sweet and friendly! She went beyond her call of duty and we appreciated her for that! Yay! ^^
4	This place has solid food & great service. I was a little gunshy at first given my last upscale LV burger experience was a disappointment (Holstein's @ Cosmo). But BurGR lived up to the hype.Had a chance to try 2 meals = 3 burgers & both kinds of fries & the O-rings. Of the three burgers, the Brittania was my fav. The Euro was a close second. The Hog burger was a distant third and worth passing on.The sweet potato fries were my favorite of the sides. Hot and slightly crisp, with just enough sweetness. Best I've ever had. Ginormous portion size. The O-rings were very also good - light & crispy with a nice dipping sauce. The truffle fries were nice. Make sure you get samples of all three fry sauces.Overall, a good but pricey meal - to be expected from a mid-strip Vegas casino. If $20-25 per person is too much $$ for you to dpend on a burger, Fatburger and McD's is next door. Gordon did ok here...
3	Interesting to say the least!  Tourist trap at best.Just to be clear, the "Roasted Jalapeno Poppers" did not appear to be roasted as the menu and name would suggest, they actually appeared to be fried.  6 jalapenos served in separate glasses, each half filled with a sauce were indeed tasty.  The promise of a hot surprise went unfulfilled - none of the poppers was anywhere close to being hot.  That's not to say the poppers weren't good, they just weren't "as advertised."  GR should give me a call - I've got a killer roasted popper's recipe.The burgers were good, tasty, but not worth the price.  The fries were typical steak fries, not bad, and again, way overpriced.So, $85 later, (including the tip) my bride & I had two burgers, two drinks, a side of fries and an appetizer, which is a bit more than spendy for a burger joint, even a great burger joint.I'd be a fan of BurGR if it wasn't for being so overpriced.  As it is, it's okay.  I'll try some other places next time out.
3	When Gordon Ramsay's name is attached to a restaurant, I admittedly expect a little bit better food than the usual. Perhaps I fell for the hype and believed more than I should've (probably not), but this place just wasn't great.Starting off with the sweet potato fries was the best choice of the meal as they were delicious. More crispy than the average and served with powdered sugar and a sweet dipping sauce, these fries might be the best I've had (and what gave this place three instead of two stars).When I ordered the Farm Burger, I believed the wisdom of Yelp and expected something spectacular. What I was served was a huge letdown. The fried egg was delicious but it was more poached than fried. The duck bacon seemed like it should be good, but it lacked a distinctive flavor. And the patty, while cooked to a perfect medium, lacked seasoning and sear.Put together, the burger was just bland: the salty bacon never had enough punch for the under-seasoned patty. Overall, for a meal that fits most budgets ($15 for the burger, $9 for the fries), Burgr works; however, the entire experience wasn't consistent. Great fries, bland burger, don't think I'd go again. P.S. The Farm Burger absolutely pales in comparison to the Niman Ranch Burger from Evan Funke when he was at Rustic Canyon (still the best in my book).
5	Hands down the best burgers we have EVER had.Went there with a group of 5. Wait time was about an hour and a half, and they texted us when our table was ready. Service was good. For appetizers, the wings and onion rings were delicious. The best part of the meal was the burgers. They were perfectly cooked, the bun was fresh and the while thing was an explosion of flavor. Recommend the euro and Hell's Kitchen burgers.#1 burger joint in vegas and probably in the US
3	This was the first place we decided to eat during our Vegas vacation. I think the food was good but not mouth watering, mind blowing amazing. There have been several restaurants I have been to where I can't even believe how good the food tastes. You know, the kind of food where you feel like you're going to melt into your seat with every bite. BurGR wasn't like that for me and I think I was expecting that. It really didn't taste any better than some other decently good burger places I've been to. I think my expectations were huge considering who's restaurant this is and how we're big fans of his.My boyfriend absolutely loved his Hell's Kitchen burger. I had the American burger but changed it to swiss (actually they didn't have swiss but gave me a similar cheese instead) and added mushrooms. It was good but nothing amazing.  Also we did have the Maui onion rings; those were delicious!My boyfriend may not agree with my 3 star review and demand I should give 4 or even 5 stars but he has a Yelp account and can write his own review, this was my experience. I would go back, yes, but next time I hope my burger is a bit better, maybe instead of getting a classic burger I should have opted for one of the specialty ones.
2	Sad to say I was very disappointed with my burger! :( It was very dry and plain. I would rather eat in n out.. Definitely not worth the price!!!
4	Oh Chef Ramsay, must you be so awesome?...I kid of course...well, in a sense I do.  To be honest, I am the last person you would find buying into the hype of a celebrity chef.  An on screen persona is not enough to judge  one's culinary prowess or personality in the kitchen, since of course everything is likely played up for show.  And on top of that, going to a restaurant that tauts the name of a chef without having them present to prepare the food also lessens any impact their name would have.  I imagine Chef Ramsay was involved in the restaurant to an extent, however, and to be fair to all parties BurGR did nothing to discredit any claims of greatness on his part.To set the stage for our trip here, you should keep in mind that we drove in from Southern California the day after Thanksgiving, and due to the festivities of the prior day had not eaten all day.  By the time we had checked in, found the place, and got in line it was already past 10 PM, a full 24 hours since the last time we had eaten.  I will try not to let my delusional state from that ordeal affect my overall impression, but I feel it's necessary to add it as a footnote (a footnote smack dab in the middle of the review, mind you).Anyway, on to the experience itself.  The wait wasn't as bad as I had feared, but it was still a decent wait (I think when all was said and done it came out to around 30 minutes).  The hostesses were friendly and regularly checked up on the line to give updates, which I felt was a nice touch.  My fiancee and I had already gotten a chance to review the menu by the time we were seated, in an effort to expedite the process as much as possible.Our waiter was...I struggle for a word...fantastic?  That sounds a bit excessive, but he was very good.  He was welcoming and attentive, refilling glasses without needing to be asked, and was more than willing to provide answers to any of our questions.But I'm sure you want to know about the food.  We ordered the onion rings, Parmesan truffle fries, and then the 'chili' dog and farm burger.  The onion rings surprised me a great deal.  It's hard to pinpoint exactly why, but they were definitely some of the best I have ever had.  The fries, on the other had, had a good flavor but also had a weird consistency to them, almost soft and thick (but not like normal steak fries). The chili dog is almost false advertising (despite the menu listing all of the ingredients) as it didn't really have anything resembling chili on it...really more of a chili inspired dog.  My fiancee didn't enjoy it as much as I did, but then I am a fan of red peppers.The farm burger (might as well highlight the food item that gives the restaurant its name) was probably one of the most decadent burgers I have ever had.  Burger with duck and a fried egg on it...I can feel my circulatory system clogging up just thinking about it.  It was a good burger for sure, but I hesitate to say it's the 'best burger ever' or some ridiculous claim like that.  It did not disappoint, however.Price wise...what can I say?  It's a celebrity chef's restaurant in Vegas, of course it's going to be a little pricey.  But I didn't feel like we were getting ripped off, just that we were splurging a bit.I recommend, though I do not feel it warrants repeat visits.
4	Came here upon a friend's recommendation, but I had my doubts. I thought BurGR would be yet another overhyped celebrity chefstaurant (e.g., Gordan Ramsay at the London Weho), starting with the douchey servers in those awful uniforms. But BurGR proved me wrong with an absolutely perfect blue cheese burger--super minimal with just a medium rare patty, blue cheese and arugula--and a really awesome shake. I have no idea whose idea it was to top a crazy-rich milkshake with a complementary, equally indulgent pudding, but it's genius. I don't know if I'd wait for hours to eat here, but if you can snag a table without too much effort, definitely give it a try.
3	Came here cause we are in Vegas and people talk about this place a lot. I have to say the burger is good but not excellent. Nothing to die for. The restaurant decoration is cool and the staff has nice outfits. They are also friendly. Other than that, I have to say the food didn't stand out. I am a bit disappointed.
5	I'm a huge Gordon Ramsay fan. I watch Kitchen Nightmares, Hell's Kitchen, and MasterChef. That being said, I wasn't really expecting BurGR to be that amazing. It's a casual restaurant in an incredibly touristy location (the Strip), and it's not like Gordon Ramsay is there personally cooking the burgers. I was especially skeptical after walking into the restaurant and seeing all of the waitstaff dressed like the Mondo Burger employees from the movie Good Burger. Seriously, the servers wear ridiculously flashy and tight-fitting outfits that look like how people in the 1980's would imagine people in 2013 would dress.Anyway, in spite of the unusual garb of the servers, the service was excellent. Even though the place was very busy, we were still seated quickly and received our food in a reasonable amount of time. The servers were knowledgeable about the menu too. We also had a view of the open kitchen and had our appetites whetted by all of the amazing food being prepared in the kitchen. Simply put, our food was outstanding! I was worried that my parents wouldn't enjoy their food because they don't eat beef or pork. However, they really enjoyed their dishes. My mom had Damnation Chicken Burger. Although it wasn't "fiery hot", it was very flavorful. It was also interesting that instead of using a chicken breast, they made a patty out of ground chicken. It was a good way to keep in the spirit of creating a burger out of chicken. My dad had the fish and crisp sandwich, and he thought it was quite good. My parents both absolutely loved the fries. The fries were absolutely perfect in terms of shape, size, crunch, and saltiness. They also came with a curry ketchup that somehow made them taste even better. If there's one idea I'd like to try at home, it's to make curry ketchup like I had at BurGR.My burger was incredible too. I had the Euro Burger cooked to medium rare. Everything about the burger was executed perfectly. The meat was juicy and flavorful, the goat cheese was rich and creamy, the arugula and roasted tomato were spot on. The truffle aioli is what really made this one of the best burgers I've ever had though. Normally when places have a truffle sauce, the taste of the truffles just overpowers the rest of the dish. However, in this aioli the truffle taste was more subtle. For dessert, we tried the sticky toffee pudding push pops. I felt like they were a bit gimmicky though. The ice cream and the sticky toffee pudding were separated into layers, so I couldn't really mix them together. I would have preferred to just have them together in a bowl. Overall, this place was definitely up to the high standards that Gordon Ramsay preaches about in all of his shows. If you want to try the best burgers in Vegas, you've gotta go to BurGR.
4	I would have given BurGR 5 stars, but I had to give them 4 because our reservation got "lost" when the host put it down in the tablet. We were told it would be an hour wait, which was fine, but after almost 1.5 hrs, we went to the restaurant and she had no record of party. BUT, thankfully the food was so good, it erased that from our minds. The truffle fries are awesome, but the burgers are bliss - truly the best burger I've had flavor and juicy wise. The flavor of the meat was incredible. The toasted bun was great as well. I was so full I didn't get to have the sticky toffee pudding push up pop that I wanted, but shucks, I'll just have to plan to return to Vegas some day soon so I can have one! Keep up the good work at BurGR!
5	This was worth the trip.   Great service,  great food.   Try the farm burger.   The duck bacon was amazing.
4	Decent prices, drinks were good, burgers were great.  Only complaint would be the thinness of the sweet potato fries. The regular fries are thick like steak fries, so these are crunchy and kinda tasted overcooked. Service was freat and quick, male waiter Jamie was fantastic!
3	This is the second Ramsay restaurant I've been to an this one was more disappointing than the first. I'm not going to say this is a bad restaurant, it's just not what I expect from Gordon Ramsay.The Good - The restaurant is very nice and the staff (and their small uniforms) is beautiful. The burger was good, but not great. The Parmesan Truffle fries were very good, but the dipping sauce was mayo or ketchup, not very original.The Bad - Burgr is at the entrance of a Planet Hollywood, therefore it is very close to the street. The day I ate, it was 32 degrees outside and they sat me at the bar, it was very cold, so I asked to move into the restaurant where it was warm. They moved me to a table 15 feet away where it was still very cold. While the waitress was very good at her job, and gorgeous too, the kitchen was extremely slow. It took over 20 minutes to get my burger.If the food came a little quicker or if the hostess staff was a little more accommodating, I would have given Burgr 4-Stars, but no such luck.
3	Like most of you - fan of Gordon Ramsay - his shows of Hell's kitchen, Masterchef,  Masterchef junior,  nightmare kitchen etc. I wanted to check this place out.  My friends have tried it before me and said it was good. Well,  either my expectations were too high or I went on a wrong day (which should never be the case for a Gordon Ramsay restaurant), i was not blown away.   I had the chanterelle burger and my husband ordered the farm burger - they were both good but the burgers tasted a little dry.   I feel bad saying this but it was nothing to write home about.  I prefer shake shacks' burgers over this one and my husband preferred five guys over this one.  Don't get me wrong,  if you just want a burger with not much expectation, then this is good enough.  But I'm sure you can get cheaper burgers with similar or better taste burgers.   For the burger fanatics out there,  you might be disappointed.  The awesome tasting portion of the meal was the milk shake - it was like an explosion of taste in your mouth. I definitely would recommend it.The ambiance and the decorations in there is definitely nice to look at and great place to take a date - if you do the dating thing in sin city strip area that is. For those interested, the waitresses wore very short dresses so appropriate for sin city.
3	What makes me a fan of Chef Ramsay is that we both share the same standard when it comes to preparing food, and running a successful food business.That being said, this was my first experience at one of his restaurants. I have to be honest and say that my expectations of BurGR were not high since it is a burger joint and not one of his flagship restaurants. I was nonetheless still excited to try it. We (my wife, mom) arrived about 8PM on a Wed night. There was about 25 people in line so the wait to be seated took about 25 min. Once seated, we were promptly greeted by our server. ( I only use names when the service credits the individual, I don't bash ) She was very knowledgeable about showing us the touchscreen, and her steps of service would satisfy management in knowing that she knows how to suggestively sell beverages and appetizers. Since we have never been her before, we took some time to take in the menu. While I was checking out the menu, I could not help but to be distracted by this awful smell coming from the table. I was trying to dismiss it, but it was strong enough to make me realize that if I did not get rid of it, it would ruin my "first experience at a Ramsay restaurant" My wife saw me smell the table several times, and confirmed that I was not crazy. She and my mom could smell it too. I'm a foodie, so getting rid of this smell was a no compromise thing. Ya feel me??I've been working in "the biz" for 18 years. I knew this smell. It was the sour smell of bacteria. At first I thought that it came from the towel that was used to wipe the table and that it could be fixed by just asking that the table be wiped down with a clean towel. No biggie right?I had to use the restroom so my wife asked our server if she could take care of this. Her response was "oh, ok" I came back from the restroom and sat down. My wife informed me that nothing was done yet. Ok I thought, not a problem. (yet...)Our server returned with 3 waters and proceeded to suggestively sell beverages and appetizers. I ordered a Guinness and the jalapeno poppers. She was the type of server that speeds off the table before confirming with all the guests that everyone is finished ordering so I stopped her and asked if we could have the table wiped down again. Her response was again "oh, ok" As I hastily explained to her about the smell, I discovered where it was coming from when I picked up the VINYL PLACE MAT  that was in from of me.  (Here it is, the answer! The table gets washed but not dried, the place mat goes back on the table and stays wet. Bacteria forms on the bottom of the mat and that nasty sour smell is created over a period of time. Even though the busser wiped down the bottom of the mats, a hint of the smell still remained. It would have to go through the dishwasher, but I don't think it would have survived. Still, I did not let my silverware touch it)My wife is the sweetest woman you could ever meet. Every person that meets her will confirm this. It is usually me that says things the wrong way on occasion.When the request to wipe the table came a second time, our server  responded with a look that I did not see, but pushed my wife off that very long ledge. I let her handle it because if were me I would have not been as tactful. Long story short, we got the table fixed (well, sort of) and my diplomatic wife decided to keep our server. It was one of those things that puts a beacon on your table that keeps you from complaining about anything else that could go wrong so you don't look like vindictive people. If it's one thing I can't stand is vindictive people. Especially in the food and beverage industry. We placed our burger order and waited for the culinary magic to begin. The poppers arrived. 6 roasted (or fried?) breaded, stuffed jalapenos dipped in individual shot glasses half filled with cheddar ranch. My first bite led me to believe that they were still cold in the middle until I took my second bite which was warmer. The ranch cooled off the dipped part of the popper so don't wait to eat them or they will be cold. The flavor (hot or cold) was phenomenal!!!! loved it and they were very spicy. I would return just for these. The BurGR's we ordered were the Farm, American, and Hell's Kitchen with a sideorder of Parmesan Truffle fries.Beautiful looking burgers! A picture on every plate. The fries, not so much. Seems they take "just fries" and add Parmesan on the top and you get your truffles on the side. The truffle aioli  was delicious, but the fries sat a little too long under the heat lamp.The burgers were executed perfectly. I thought the meat was under seasoned if at all. The brioche bun was ever so soft, the toppings flavorful.  The Shakes are to die for. My wife said it was the HERO of the day. BurGR is an experience worth trying if at least once. Ditch the placemats though, just to be on the safe sanitary side.
3	The first time I walked past the restaurant earlier during the day, I remember thinking to myself, what a tourist trap! I vowed never to support such an establishment that taught kids that burger was spelled b-u-r-g-r without the E. No wonder kids have poor spelling these days. But after we ran the Las Vegas Half Marathon, my friends and I decided to pop into Gordon Ramsay's BurGR restaurant to stuff ourselves full of the fatty greasy foods that we deserved. This restaurant had some oh-so-fancay technology. The hostesses checked us in with their ipads and then sent us a text when the table was ready.  This was great because it allowed us to go back to the room, freshen up after the marathon, and then come back down when our table was ready to avoid waiting in the horrendous line.  Of course the hostess seemed to have a bit of attitude when she checked us in and looked us up in down in our running gear and dirty tennis shoes. We were GOING to change! Sheesh.Now, let's talk food.The BurGR's were... very interesting. Not bad but also not melt in your mouth delicious.  Had the famous hog burger. The flavors were interesting and unique, but a bit too sweet for my liking. The Farm Burger was pretty delicious but again, not fantastic. Truffle fries were a win and definitely recommend but it is def a kickin dish that will keep you burping up truffle oil and garlic for the rest of the night.   I prefer the type of burger that has a flavorful patty filled with flavors that naturally mesh together into one delicious burger. BurGR was chic and pristine in presentation, but lacked in flavor and oompth. It's Gordon Ramsay. Of course I will have high expectations.  Did the food meet expectations? Errr maybe but if it did, just barely.  Side note: If a restaurant is going to flaunt use of technology like ipads and iphones, I expect it to be working properly. Our bill had an iphone embedded in it! I kept pressing the button only to be informed by our server that the phone was out of battery since it's been busy all day, and also the phone simply displayed ads and had no actual function to serve toward making paying the bill easier. Lame.
4	Ordered the Sweet Potato Fries and the new addition to the menu Hog BurGR.  Both were great choices and although I try to watch my portions, I definitely went way over my limit and finished the whole meal!  I will definitely revisit and refer to everyone.
4	The burgers were great,  I had the Euro and my bestie had the Earth burger. Both were flavorful and just big enough to fill us. We got the Just fries since she is vegan and can't eat cheese. They were okay, just as the name they were just fries, no seasoning and were a little hard, not crunchy but hard. It comes with a chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup, I didn't care for either but she loved them both. The fries, price, and service were the reasons why it doesn't get 5 stars. Our server took a few minutes to come to the table and different people brought our drinks, food, and the regular ketchup I asked for. They were busy, but as always, if you can't handle a bigger station then maybe they should staff more servers. The 2 burgers, 1 just fries, and 1 ice tea came to almost $50.  At least I had a diamond tier card and didn't have to wait in line.
4	SHUT THE FRONT DOOR:) just go for the burgers, cocktails an OMG the oreo s.h.a.k.e. Those 3 elements, and the efficient an sooo friendly hosts an chefs ,were for my experience amazing. I did not want to leave. Could have stayed all night. I sat right at the grill pass, right infront of the chefs, an as a past chef myself, it was exciting to see with under all the fast pace an pressure how entertaining the staff were behind the line:) yes the truffle fries were a bit salty, an the onion rings , an i wasn't very impressed with the jalapeno poppers( yes one of them is dam hot:) i did kindly tell the chef:) but nicely of course:) but the experience was amazing, no complaints here, i actually went twice in 1 week. Its a must for the experience an everytime i go to vegas i will go. Some food was on the pass a bit too long for my likely if u know the restaurant biz, but apart from a tad to much salt an yes all servers but mine should have move there CHEEKS :) a bit faster to get the food out, all was good. Brandon was my server , an he flew:) he was fast , full of energy and very accomodating,, he made small talk fast:) he is awesome , quick at his duties, and has time to talk to his guests. he made my experience top of the world, needs a promotion. I do think as a professional myself that all lady servers should have there hair tired up, an some :) could of looked more professional. The manager did check on me , we had a convo, nice. time of visit about 2pm stayed till after 5pm , well after, i even did some upsell for the mother an daughter sitting next to me. Oreo shake is a screaming O which i can't really stay ,,, :) Not all servers wore name tags ?? not good ladies :) the venue is fashionable , music danceable, an up2date,crowd ranges from 2 yrs to over 60 sooo every1:) the front of house staff need to be more professional looking,, Jason was the manager:) only advice to hime is to check name badges an if the lady servers have there hair tied up:) he was on alert too ,, he had the venue under control. if u go vegas an love burgers gooooooooooooooooo, try an see,,, remember, cocktails, OREO shake an any big fat Gordon Ramsey Burgr, if u don't like theres something wrong with u:) an u dont no about  food ,, i go vegas every yr, but this is the first time Gordon's Burgr venue has been available , open ready,, so its now a tradition to go every time, to tell all i know to go, an i cant wait to get back,, cheers gordon:) Maybe u should cook the burgr next time :) xxxxxxxx
5	Since Ramsey is such a perfectionist I went into this place looking to critique everything!!  The bottom line- I couldn't complain about anything!!!!  The ambiance, the service, the accommodating attitude, the presentation, the quality of food , the taste-  all were as good as it gets!!  This place as been thought out  and executed to perfection!!!  WAY TO GO RAMSEY-  Someone that walks the talk.
5	Euro burger, in my opinion, is the best burger on the menu. Everything else is pretty delicious as well. Shakes are AMAZING.Always busy, so expect a wait. Last time I was there, food took an hour, but manager ensured that we would be seated and served immediately during our next visit.Not sure if intentional, but the most of the staff is moderately attractive. This has nothing to do with the food/service, but was an interesting observation. Oh, Gordon.... :)Good food. Good customer service. Long wait time. Huge fan of GR, so I was pleasantly surprised by his BurGR goint.
1	Seriously? My burger tasted like a frozen pre formed patty from Costco and the "brioche" bun was mealy. The fries were an even bigger disappointment. The ends of them had rotten spots on them and I could not even remotely taste any truffle flavor. All of this can be yours for $30 per person! It makes me want to go to my local burger place where I spend $8 for total deliciousness and real truffle fries and give them a $22 tip for doing it right.
5	everything there is amazing...and i literally mean everything!!!
4	mama and split the american burger and sweet potato fries. both very delicious and cooked well. the restaurant is very chic and modern. scantilly clad waiteresses run around taking your order. lots of families in here during the day. menu prices aren't too bad. check comes with an iPad. good times with excellent service and good food.
5	I loved it. I got the Hell's Kitchen burger.  It was spicy but it was a good mix with the avocado  !!! I loved the fries also . Would come back again
5	Best Burger Bar None in Vegas!!!I have tried many a burger in Vegas, and this includes the fancy hotels. Gordon Ramsey delivers! From his "benchmark" hamberger roll, to the juicy (medium rare please) burger...you will be salivating.Don't even get me started on the fries or milkshakes. Positively addictive.Can't wat to get back there sooner than later.
4	A good/great burger!  But expect to wait in 30min-1hr lines or longer if you have a big party.  Service is over the top!  Fries are good but not outstanding.  Jalapeno poppers were probably my favorite part of the meal.I didn't really think it was a better burger than I get in my favorite burger joint back home.  And this was twice the cost.  On the other hand, its pretty cool to eat at a Gordon Ramsey restaurant if you are a fan.
4	From what I remember the burger was ok.  Truffle fries dipped in the truffle sauce was addicting and good.  Push up desserts looked plain but tasted amazing.  Sat by the flames and you could feel the heat.  Service was on point.
4	Prepare to get tantalized by Gordon Ramsay's BurGR! Featuring the all-American favorite sandwich with his own creative twist. With that said, be ready to wait for a table if you're with a big party otherwise, for groups of two or three people, you can wait in line outside the restaurant to get seated at the bar. The advantage of being located in Planet Hollywood is the fact that you can walk around the Miracle Mile Shops to kill time. As soon as your table is ready, you'll get a text from the restaurant. Convenient, don't you say?As far as the food goes, here's what I tried:The TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES were good. I wish the fries were thinner and crispier. It's just my preference. But flavor wise, especially with the truffle aioli dip, it's fantastic! An order can be shared by 2-3 people. $11 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#fu1M2DR5IoCGVupQGjmG3AI'm such a fan of SWEET POTATO FRIES and Chef Ramsay did not disappoint. The honey jalapeno dipping sauce he paired with this was absolutely beautiful! The fries themselves were cooked perfectly, thin with a nice crisp... just how I like my fries! Again, plan to share, or not! $9 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#DBVUeVe3EfoRTIdWiKx6nwThe burger choices on the menu are not that many so I wanted to try them all if I could. I'm glad I have a family to eat out with because we can each get different things and share to get a taste of several items the restaurant has to offer. Take note that their burgers are grilled over apple and alder wood which is responsible for the smoked flavor aroma you'll sense in the air. Per our server's recommendation, I went with THE HOG BURGER. Instead of beef, the patty used here is Mangalitsa pork which is an "old-world heritage breed renowned for its rich, butter fat and flavorful meat." Topped with sharp cheddar, apple butter, and arugula, this burger is probably the healthiest among all the burgers on the menu next to the Earth Burger (no meat). The meat itself is overflowing with awesome flavors but the entire taste of the burger sandwich was a bit on the salty side for me. $18 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#jRL6Zjpomomxh9CsQXXMAgI also had a quarter of my husband's FARM BURGER and this my fellow Yelpers,  is my favorite here! The beef patty was cooked to perfection and who doesn't like fried egg on their burger?! More importantly, topped off with duck breast bacon? All I can say is...WOWZA! $15 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#UKPej0Qj1CDjKSo7DSn1qwIf you like anything spicy then the famed HELL'S KITCHEN BURGER will be sure to satiate your palate. The roasted jalapeno poppers add a nice kick while the creaminess of the avocado gives off a silky sensation in your mouth. Oh and let's not forget the fried egg. It's probably safe to say I really enjoyed this. $14 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#s3YRX-KZ3dTR7nits2ZuQgLastly, my daughter ordered the EURO BURGER. I like goat cheese and almost anything with truffle, hence my adoration for this creation. Topped off with arugula and oven roasted tomato, this burger is a winner in my book. I highly recommend if you're a goat cheese fan. $16 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?selected=pxle_4AJBnqWpLLNXwyHvA#tu4w5YVMRHOp_qz91zGkAgA burger meal is never complete without a milkshake. Our sugar fix was SHAKE #3. It's banana shake layered with butterscotch pudding on the top, then a snicker doodle cookie for that added crunch. Verdict? Deeeeeelightful! You'll literally go bananas over this one. $9 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#oeLyAQ8Jv2nNgVj90nJ5IASERVICE started off not-so-great but throughout our meal here, our server proved me wrong and showed our table genuine service. She patiently answered all our menu questions, took our chaotic order quite well, and made sure all our glasses were filled all throughout our stay here. And we did stay for quite a while. If you're in town and tired of the buffets, this place is worth a shot!
3	This was our second visit to Gordon Ramsey Burger Restaurant at Planet Hollywood.  The first time everything was perfect including the order coming out as ordered.  This time was a total disappointment.  I am on a low sodium diet and always order everything unsalted or no additional salt added to my meals.  I ordered onion rings which came out soggy not crispy and a lot of salt in the batter.  I ordered unsalted fries and the first two were good the rest were salted and the waitress could even see the salt crystals on the fries.  My burger was done perfectly and juicy.  However, the condiments were placed on the hot burger and when it arrived the lettuce was drooping off the side.  The tomatoes were warm and mushy.  Such a big plate and the condiments were on the burger instead of a garnish.  My daughter does not like pickles and they also were on the burger and totally warm due to the hot burger.  Burgers there are not cheap and the total meal was a disappointment.
4	I wish I could do half star rating, because I would have went with three and a half stars. I got a burger, fries and a beer and it was about 30 dollars. The food and service were good but not for the price.
2	Seriously, people like the food?Ambiance is fun, service is good to excellent thus the two stars. Had the farm burger and the American burger, the meat tasted like processed meat or  a cheap meatloaf cut into slices.  The burger was cold, in fact both of them were cold.   I've had meatier tasting meat, I swear I was vegetarian that night and was eating a soy patti.  Alas, morning star veggie Patty  tasted better than this!Shocked at the good review of the food:  this hamburger did not compare to in and out burger!! Shame, bc Chef Ramsey is always so hard on people s food and his name is on a restaurant with this kind of food, makes you wonder if he ever tried it...  reality tv... sigh...
3	I liked BurGR, but I didn't love it. I had the chanterelle burger, and it was good, but nothing super special. One of us had the farm and the other had the blue burger. We all sampled each others and I still liked mine for it's savory-sweet flavors.I think I enjoyed the fires more than the burgers though. The truffle parmesan fries with garlic aioli was my fave. I also liked the jalapeno mayo that came with the sweet potato fries. The sticky toffee pudding (in my profile picture) was also great. And it's good to share for 2! Service was meh. They were slow to seat us even after they called us to say the table was ready. It's also pretty loud inside, but if that's your thing you may be fine with that.Overall the food was fine, but I feel like I enjoyed our sides and dessert more than our burgers. And for a place that's called Burgr that's a little sad. I won't come back, but it may be worth it to try at least once. Everything ordered above plus one root beer came out to about $80 with tax and tip. That's with our Total Rewards membership card! Make sure you get one to save a dollar on each menu item (it's literally around the corner to the right when you walk towards the casino area). It's free to join so why not?
5	it is my second time here and I am still not disappointed! The Maui onion rings here are the best I have ever eaten and they are large portions good enough for two people. the truffle fries and a sweet potato fries are just as good and eat one is good enough for two people.first time I was here I have the farm burger with the duck bacon which is really good and it comes with a fried egg too.second time around I tried the euro burger and the goat cheese was really good.the shakes are really thick, it has three scoops of ice cream. first time I had the caramel chocolate second time I had the creme brulee Oreo. I bet it's like a thousand calories each shake but its good.the boa appetizer and chicken wings are good but its small portions.the service we got here was great everyone is very efficient and they move fast so you're not waiting too long for your food or your drinks. I didn't even have to ask the best person or waitress once for a drink they always refilled me.
4	Pretty darn good. Farm burger and Hell's Kitchen were way legit!! Truffle fries are bomb.. Ambiance is cool. Staff is pretty well mannered. Super long wait time.. We got lucky with a 20 min wait. But as we left the line was very long. Had an issue with credit from the room being comp'd $50 but everything else was fine
4	Yum!! This was a good burger! I had the Euro with goat cheese and hubby had the fish and chips. The fish was like a strip. It was small but good. We split the onion rings and that was more than enough. We decided to sit at the bar to avoid the 20 min wait. All of the staff was very personable and helpful. I would return.
5	Yay, another Ramsay restaurant off my list.  Kind of a bummer that they don't take reservations.  Came for lunch on a Friday and the line was huge.  They were taking the large groups out of line and texting them when their table was ready.  We only had a party of two and they told us it would be about 30 minutes but luckily we only had to wait for about ten.  The beer and drink list was surprising good.  The server gives you an I-Pad which is nice because it means the beer list is always up to date.  We shared the truffle fries and they two of us couldn't even finish them, they were pretty large.  I had the Uber Cheese Burger and it was delicious!  My husband loved his burger as well, I think it was called the Farm Burger or something and it had yummy smoked duck bacon.  You may think the prices are a little high for a burger but they are totally worth it.
4	I love Gordon Ramsey on TV and never had any of his food. Since he has like 5 places in Vegas, we decided to check out one of less expensive ones. I ordered the meatless mushroom burger, my mom had a classic cheeseburger. They don't serve their burgers with ketchup and let me tell you, the cheeseburger does not need any condiments. The burger was cooked perfectly, the lettuce was crisp, the tomato wasn't soggy, the bun was grilled and buttered nicely. You could taste the quality meat and the fat that they cook with and that flavor was fantastic. I loved my mushroom burger... I thought there was too much bread though because it doesn't have the same height as a meat burger.We didn't get any fries or sides and we didn't need any. I would love to try another burger there, something I wouldn't normally try. The wait is long... It's vegas... I don't give them a knock for that but the food takes a long time to get. Great Job Chef Ramsey.
4	Dear Gordon f*cking Ramsay, Esq.Dude, you need to chill.  You have like 275 shows on TV, most of which consist of you screaming your balls off at some poor sap because "the soup was dry".  I only ever watch Master Chef, and that's because you dispense earnest, humanizing advice that gives the impression that somewhere deep inside, you still kind of give a sh*t, which your image desperately needs.  But seriously, Master Chef Junior?  What's next?  Master Chef 'n Da Hood?  Master Chef in Space?And no, I'm not brainstorming for you.Anyway, the point is, we get it, you're a "brand", but we are so bombarded with your visage that it almost makes it seem like your place as culinary alpha-and-omega is maybe not arbitrary (no one can deny you are an accomplished chef) but seemingly self-appointed.  So, because of this, I went to BurGR (the only one of your Vegas restaurants I can consistently afford) with the firm predisposition to hate it.And based on the decor alone, at the beginning I totally did.  Your face is all over the damn place, your hostesses looked plucked out of a Hooters calendar, and the flames-and-metal decor is over-the-top and uninviting.  But, I have to say, once I sat my ass down and started stuffing my face, my mind changed quickly.  Been three times already, and it wasn't some kind of fluke.  The garden burger with the duck bacon and fried egg is as good a burger as I've ever had.  Definitely top three.  The fries with the fancy ketchup are absolutely delicious and the service was quick, effective and infallibly polite.I also have to give you kudos for keeping prices reasonable, at least comparatively speaking for a Vegas strip restaurant.  Fries are not included with the burgers but one order can easily feed two people, which is nice to know in advance.  You have an awesome beer selection and I was pleasantly surprised to see that for $6, I get a tall pilsner glass filled to the top.  The Innis & Gunn is a particularly awesome pairing with any of the burgers.Anyway, I still find you kind of odious, but food-wise, BurGR is firing on all cylinders, and ultimately that's what's important.The water was a bit raw, though.
2	Sat at the bar, since it was 9:30 on a Friday night and  I didn't want to stand behind the velvet rope to get a table for one. (Seriously. Do they think this is a club line at Caesar's?)The bartender was very interested in serving me until I said "I'll just have a water until I order my burger." Sorry no big bar tab here.  Then he didn't acknowledge me for 15 minutes (which took some doing, since he was no more than 10 feet from me at any time). After trying to get his attention 2 or 3 times, I finally flagged down the other bartender to order my farm burger and fries. Then I started watching the Heat game on TV. 20 minutes later the first bartender finally made eye contact.  "Hey, let me check on your burger."He comes back and sheepishly says, "it should be coming soon, but can I bribe you with a beer in the meantime?" Sorry, I don't drink but at least he finally gave a damn. The burger came and it was juicy and delicious. Not the best burger I've ever had, but a quality burger. Four stars for the burger alone. I didn't like the fries at all. THey weren't really crispy but at least they weren't soggy or greasy either. Just like cubes of softened potatoes. I planned to order a milkshake for dessert, but I just wanted out at that point. And I had already hogged a seat at the bar for almost an hour (through no real fault of my own, but still...)Anyway...fine...I get it...my tab was going to be $25 bucks instead of $50. Maybe it was all an honest mistake...who knows. But in the end, the burger was decent, the fries weren't great, and the bartender treated me like I was a homeless guy (despite the fact that I never said ONE word of protest or snarkiness)
5	This place is amazing, on my recent 4 day visit to Vegas I ended up eating there twice. Burgers were cooked exactly how I wanted! Everything was delicious! Prob one of my fav burger places of all times. i will def be coming back next time Im in town. Their shake menu is pretty awesome as well. I had a mocha/chocolate  shake! Its a must! The service was very kind and professional. I highly recommend this place. Also, it's kid friendly (no menu, but place is full of kids).
1	It took over 30 minutes to be served a mediocre Farm Burger. Very disappointed I service and food quality. Had a better burger on the strip in some dive. !
1	Gordon I love you, I really do. But this place was awful! Let's start with the server. She was extremely rude, didn't explain anything when we asked and when I ordered something she snapped that it would not be enough food. So rude. That was about the last time we saw her all night because her twin sister was dining there and pretty much every second she was at that table talking to her instead of serving anyone. I am not exaggerating, she didn't come back to actually talk to us until giving us the bill. The only saving grace was the awesome bus girl who was very sweet and attentive. The food. I was expecting so much for the price and because it's Gordon's place! The chicken sliders: soooo dry! Really tough meat (which is odd for chicken) and zero flavor) The french fries: way overcooked, cold and chewy The classic burger: nothing special at all To say I was disappointed was an understatement. Maybe I need to hang out with my waitresses twin sister to actually get any service.
4	First off you know this spot is going to be OFF THE HOOK! I mean c'mon you have a well known Chef getting down on something so simple as Burger Menu....pfff..! no brainer!So I wasn't surprised that this spot was amazing. - Decor was cool.- Service was quick and easy they have an IPAD menu which breaks down the description of each item on the menu from drinks to desserts to burgers. We ordered:1)The Hell kitchen burger ( asadero cheese + roasted jalapeno peppers + avocado + oven toasted tomato) This was an awesome burger, the meat was cooked perfect  each bite would melt in your mouth and had a spice from the jalapenos.  2) The Euro chicken Burger (goat cheese, arugula and tomato) this was a change of pace from your original chicken burger. As soon as you bit into it your tasting an explosion of flavors on your tongue. This one was super tender as well.And to accompany these burgers on flavor roids.....we order the basic fries similar to steak fries. (which by the way 1 order was enough for 2 people.)  dipping sauce for the fries were a perfect match in my opinion. ( chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup)All-in-all,  I would most defiantly stop by again when I'm in LV.
5	The best vegaterian Burger we have ever ate.  The portion size was perfect,  presentation was simple and clean. Fries are all cart with three different options,  we had the sweet potato they were awesome,  one order is easily enough for 2 ppl.  Our service was awesome with our waitress Mia being a seasoned veteran being here since the grand opening and our drinks were never empty due to their great bussers.  Delivery of our food was fast but not rushed.  Two burgers,  fries and one soda came to 46$ but it was amazing and we will be back. Drink and desert menu is on a I pad which is neat and the bill comes with a service Survey on a ipod. Rumor has it,  it's the number one restaurant on the whole strip doing over 40-50k in sales a day.  The secret to their other burgers is some sort of amazing butter mixture and the way they grill the meat.  Do not come here to save calories :)
4	First off, DUDE. Its Gordon Ramsay, would could go wrong?-Hells Kitchen burger: Medium rare, Crispy, tender, juicy but... avocado kept sliding. Oh! and it was a little spicy which was great!-Chicken Sliders: Very good! Chicken was super moist and perfectly cooked (Still a little "red"), the breading on it was crispy!-Oreo milkshake: Oreo Vanilla goodness but with a top layer of custard that help motivate the milkshake to be better.-Onion rings: Dude, the batter was light and airy. The onions were nice and sweet but not thick so that they had a good batter to onion ratio. Parmesan is always a tasty sub for salt.All of the portions were perfect for a normal dinner that could keep you going for 6 hours.Service was the best! Our milk shake came out late so the tradition at a well serviced restaurant is to comp... plus it was Vegas so why not?! haha. *A mother and daughter that sat next to us at the bar wanted their almost complete burger to-go, the server dropped it and came back to them and told the story, so they had to wait 10minutes for a new burger to take home which was awesome! Cant remember if they got comp'd too.Down side of this burger joint is... when waiting in line. The TV screen that shows the menu... its not touch screen! Other than that, its all good.
5	I took my family here for Father's Day and they still can't stop raving about it. Neither can I. We didn't have to wait in the long line because we had four people in the party. The lady at the front asked for my phone number and said she'd text me when our table was ready. It didn't take long to receive the text and the hostess led us to our table. The waitress was enthusiastic as she told us about the menu.We ordered wings for an appetizer and they were great. I ordered a Farm Burger on the recommendation of the waitress and it was absolutely delicious. The meat was medium-rare, just how I liked it, and it didn't take long to finish the burger. The fries were equally as good and an order of two of them were more enough for the four of us.We had just enough room for dessert and we ordered the Oreo shake with creme brulee. So good! I wish I hadn't been so full from earlier or else I would have ate more of it.This was the first time I've visited a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and it did not disappoint at all. I definitely plan to come back soon.
3	It was a great burger, but the price tag doesn't support what you get (2 burgers, 1 order of onion rings and a drink = 75 bucks)... not this guy!
4	Overall good value. Vegas style. But no vegetables. Well except for fries. Still. Would go again.
5	This is right inside Planet Hollywood when you first enter. You can't make a reservation, as it's first come, first serve. That means you have to wait in line with everyone else, but make sure you let the hostess know you're there and the size of your party. Smaller parties can sit at the bar and often be seated much earlier, so if you don't mind, ask for the bar. I tried the truffle Parmesan fries and the Hell's Kitchen burger, which included asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado, and roasted tomatoes. The fries were thick and crispy, and the accompanying sauces were incredibly delicious. For the burger, the meat was perfectly cooked, the peppers were actually spicy, and I liked the overall flavor. I also tried the Oreo milkshake with creme brulee pudding, which adequately satisfied my sweet tooth!For drinks, they have about 30 beers on tap. The bartender gave me samples of a few I was interested in, and I picked the apple cider. I would come back just for the beer! I visited all 3 Gordon Ramsey restaurants during my last trip to Vegas, and I would have to say that I received the best service here. Also, if you're a Total Rewards member, everything on the menu is $1 cheaper, and make sure they credit your card.
4	As usual before any trip I take, I bookmark places I want to see and try on Yelp. I Yelp, so of course I have a special love for food. As you can imagine, I was laying in bed a week before my trip, searching for the restaurants with the highest ratings and reviews. Gordon Ramsay burGR was one of the first restaurants to pop up in my search, and I'm always looking for new burger joints, so of course it was bookmarked!PLANET HOLLYWOODAfter checking into our hotel, the boyfriend and I decided to make our way on over to Planet Hollywood to check out burGR. When we got in front of the restaurant, there was a line of people waiting to be seated. Surprisingly the wait was not very long, because I initially predicated that we'd be waiting for at least 30 minutes. But we waited for about 15-20 minutes, which was not too bad! INSIDE burGRThere is a full bar, it's Vegas, of course there's a full bar! There are also TVs lining the walls, so you can watch your favorite sports game while you stuff your face with meaty goodness. The decor was very modern, the seats were very comfortable and you just felt very relaxed inside. It'll even make you forget how much money you lost at the craps table. Okay, so maybe it won't but you never know! OH, HELLO MEATY DELICIOUSNESS A lot of Yelpers mentioned the Farm Burger, so of course we had to order that. In addition, we ordered the Blue Burger (bleu cheese, hence the name blue burger) and their onion rings.Out of the two burgers, the Farm Burger was the best. It had duck breast bacon, sharp cheddar cheese and a fried egg. ANY BURGER WITH A FRIED EGG IS GOING TO BE DELICIOUS, and this did not disappoint. The Blue Burger was good (maybe too heavy on the bleu cheese), but not as tasty as the Farm Burger. Oh, and the onion rings WERE SO GOOD! So, don't forget to add that into your order.CONCLUSIONThe food was good, the atmosphere was very nice and the service was a two thumbs up. I wouldn't come running back to Gordon Ramsay burGR the next time I'm in town, but I'd definitely revisit sometime in the near future after trying other burger restaurants! :) BTW, does anyone else notice how many restaurants this man has in Vegas?? Good job, Ramsay!! :)
2	Stayed at the Planet Hollywood resort so decided to try this restaurant despite its affiliation with Gordon Ramsay (don't like his screaming made-for-tv personality.) The wait staff was very polite although I don't see the need for the too small dresses.My Blue Burger was tasty but slightly overcooked. My friend's American Burger was greatly overcooked...he asked for medium and there wasn't a hint of pink in there. The "Just Fries" were tasty but we didn't like the Chipotle or Curry ketchups.To wrap-up my feelings, if you're going to only serve hamburgers, then you absolutely positively better be able to serve them as requested whether it is Medium or Well Done.
2	Not really impressed. I got the farm burger and it tasted like any ol burger. Truffle fries were good! But they are just as good at the yard house down the street from my home. I expected a bit more out of this place. :(
4	very good!  on the pricey side for sure
4	I came here because I love Gordon Ramsay. Master Chef is one of my favorite shows and no he does not yell all the time on that show. Because of his prestige, I knew this place must be amazing.Location-It was kind of hard to find b/c we walked from The Signature @ MGM Grand, and idk why BurGR isn't included on the Planet Hollywood map/directory! Anyways it's located right in the front next to Sephora.-There is a huge fire thing in the front. You won't miss it.Service-Very friendly waiter and hostesses. The wait for a group of 9 was approx 1 hour. They text you when your table is ready, which is really convenient so that you don't have to wait at the restaurant. You can go lose money at the casinos instead.-They bring each table an iPad to look at drinks & desserts. They also bring an iTouch when you're paying the bill. Ooh fancy!Food-I ordered the Chanterelle Burger. I asked for it to be cooked medium well (Yes I know meat tastes best medium/medium-rare, but I grew up eating everything well done so it's hard for me to eat lots of red). Instead it came out completely well done. Shake my head :( zero pinkness at all! I also added cheese to it because this is the only burger on the menu w/o cheese & I LOVE cheese. The flavor was great!! My stomach was already full, but my mouth wanted more so I finished the whole thing.-We also shared the Parmesan Truffle Fries. These were very fresh, but in my opinion nothing too great. I don't really like thickly sliced potatoes because they always end up having less flavor than skinny fries (like the ones at Yard House). Overall, 4 stars b/c the burger flavor was delicious. Minus 1 star because the fries were okay & the price is kinda steep for the quantity you get.
5	Hello there fellow Yelpers!First I want to emphasize the fact that I am a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay. That man is a genius! One of thee best food engineers ever. So therefore I ordered quite a handful.Honey-Pig Bao Buns.This dish consists of roasted pork belly, cucumbers radish, cilantro, and honey-hoisin sauce. My god those combinations of flavors goes well. The Bao Bun was soft and strong in flavor. The pork belly was cooked just right. And with the mix of the selected greens, it gives the dish a fresh and healthy taste. The hoison sauce didn't over power the dish, which was perfect. Everything was complimented perfectly.Truffle Parmesan Fries.The sides of the meal, but man do they pull their weight in this meal filled with amazing flavors. I received the fries with two sauces, truffle aioli and chipotle ketchup. The truffle aioli amazingly compliments the saltiness of the fries. The chipotle ketchup is something I asked for on the side, and it has a strong kick to it. Definitely worth it. Farm Burger.My burger consisted of duck breast bacon, English sharp cheddar, and a fried egg. I asked for my burger medium rare, and man was it fantastic. The flavors of the duck breast bacon and fried egg meshed nicely with their great burger patty. This place has really lived up to Gordon Ramsay's name. Shake #4 aka Oreo Shake.My god, creme brulee pudding with an oreo shake and an oreo cookie to top it off! This was a great blend. Hands down, best creme brulee I have ever tasted, and it mixed well with the oreo shake. I recommend having both in one spoon full. It's not too sweet, but just the right amount of sugar. No one wants their desserts overpowered by just pure sugar. Now to top it all off, the service here is amazing! The fact that this place is located in Vegas also makes it awesome! I hope to make future reviews on new dishes that I did not get to try out on my next visit to the BurGR! Signing off Yelpers. -G Fizzle
4	This was my first time coming to planet Hollywood and I happened to pass by Gordon Ramsey burger restaurant BURGR. I  am a major fan of Gordon Ramsey because of the passion he has for food and have admired his genius approach to food from his major tv shows like Hell's Kitchen and home cooking show on YouTube. I was excited to try his creations for the first time and I was not disappointed. The menu at BURGR was short but appetizing. The prices was fair ranging from $14-$20 dishes with a varieties to choose from. I tried the Hell's Kitchen Burger cooked medium with everything the burger described on paper. The meat on the burger had a savoriness that was beautifully sandwiched between soft poppyseed bun. This burger was uniquely spiced with a heat that only tickled my tongue because of my tolerance for spicy foods. The burger was perfectly seasoned and shared a wonderful sweetness with roasted red tomatoes that tasted like it was roasted in house. The spiciness of the burger was smartly balanced by the addition of avocado which created a cooling and creamy effect that make u want to go back for more. Don't get me wrong, this burger is spicy and packed a punch that got my girlfriend going back and back for sips of water. However the burger was interesting, unique, addictive, satisfying, fun, and delicious. A must try burger that promise to leave the palate wonder why it has wasted all it time tasting fast foods.
2	5 of us ate there Dec 9th for lunch. out of the 5 burgers, 4 were prepared incorrectly...extremely rare or very well done, it took a while to get waiter and he reordered 3 of them...2 came back the same way..mgr (female) finally came and took 1 burger off the bill.Would not go back..too many places to eat in Vegas..they were not customer friendly with correcting the food..it was NOT extremely busy..steady, but not w waiting line (and the girls who check you in...stop talking and attend to someone in front of you waiting to get in!  perhaps it's Gordon's name but not his people..
2	Definitely NOT worth it.The food was bland! Gordon's idea of a limited menu may be nice but if the one main food on the menu is bland, then the entire restaurant is bland.The fries were also just blah. Parmesan fries should maybe have some garlic or something. These were just salty so you had to dip it into the garlic aoili sauce to get flavor and cut the salt. but the aoli sauce is just glorified mayo. Nothing healthy here.And what's with the fire display.That is totally wasting a very limited resource of natural gas.I'm NOT a fan. Even hubby, a burger lover, says that Slater's 50-50 burger in San Diego is miles ahead on flavor and quality.My advice to Gordon, get some flavor in your meat and your fries.Oh yes, the beer selections were good. I enjoyed the hard cider, yum. Best part of my meal.
5	I dnk how to say this . Best Burger EVERTried the euro and the Hell's Kitchen one . Oh and the truffle fries ?? Amazing...
4	This is a biased review for I am a Gordon Ramsay fanatic.  I'm going to keep this review short and simple.  The food was ah-mazing, the decor was beautiful, the menu was unique, the service was exceptional.  The quality of the ingredients was everything I expected.  I also enjoyed the mini Ipad drink and dessert menu.  The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the choice of outfits for the servers.  It was tacky and it cheapened the look of the entire venue.  I'm not sure what Gordon was going for but as a female, I was a tad offended that the female waitresses wore outfits that reminded me of Hooters and that the guys were completely covered up.  And don't get me started on the clothing material...
5	Mood: Sports bar type.  Table and chairs- also long bar area to sit at.Seating: we sat at the bar on high top padded stool/chairs and could watch the food cooks and service teams in action.Service: Very good, Food prep team top notch. All plates checked for smudges or crumbs and cleaned or replaced before serving.Food: Very Good. Very -Very good.  I must admit, I complain of high priced Vegas places, but I am a BURGER FREAK.  The Hells Kitchen Burger and Farm burger were Fan-friggin-tastic! Even all of the condiments taste freshly made. This place makes me want to come back, like tomorrow.My past Favorite Burger places: Holsteins @ Cosmo and Burger Bar @ the mall between Mandalay Bay & Luxor. Right now, I'm putting Burgr as #1.Prices: 2 burgers, 1 hot dog (geez it is good),  2 iced teas, 1 coke, 1 parm, cheese fries, &  1 reg fries. = $95 bucks.  Yes, I could buy a lot of ground beef for that $$, but hey-it's Vegas.  I don't like to cook so when I want to treat myself to a burger (I don't eat them often because of fat/calories) I only go for a truly delicious one...and Burgr does it up right.
3	I commend Gordan Ramsay for his work, but in all honesty this place was alright. The fire/sign decoration, creative menu design, and the I-Pad drink menu was all impressive but the food itself was not as savory as I would expect. We ordered the jalapeno poppers, truffle parmesan fries, and the Farm burger. The Jalapeno poppers were yummy and came with this spicy ranch sauce. FYI, they include a "surprise" jalapeno popper which is basically a super spicy one that creeps up on you. Haha. The fries were hearty, but it definitely wasn't the best fries I've had. The duck burger itself had all the right ingredients but for some reason it just wasn't as savory as I was hoping for. If anything, I think it was the burger meat - all the add ons and condiments saved this burger. The sticky toffee pudding push pops were a good ending to the meal, yet had an icy/frost-bitten consistency to it. I could understand someone that's not into sticky toffee pudding being turned off by these. There is a wait, but they do give you the option of giving your phone number and they'll text you when your table is ready.All in all, it was a good experience but definitely not my favorite burger joint.
3	More like a 3.5 stars.I liked it!I got the Chanterelle Burger ($16) and my date got the Hell's Kitchen Burger($14). I didn't like that it didn't come with fries.....all burgers should come with fries or some sort of side! :3. We got the truffle fries ($10).My burger was good for the first several bites but then it started getting kind of dry. The flavor and patty was good. Same for the Hell's kitchen burger except with a kick from the jalapenos! The truffle fries were pretty good! I'm not sure if it was $10-worth good but they give you quite a bit for 1 order so it is perfect when shared between two consumers. Our burgers took it's time arriving to us. The table two feet to our left came in 10 minutes after us and got their food 15 minutes before us. =(Overall it was pretty good. It was a good place to try at least once.
2	This place is OVERHYPED.I was really excited to try their burgers because from all the pictures (including mine that I took when I went with my boyfriend) all look so delicious.Our conclusion right when we bit into the Hell's Kitchen Burger and Euro Burger: the meat tasted like Burger King meat patty.  NOTHING SPECIAL. Seriously. And that is our take on that. The bun was good quality though compared to burger king's buns, that's the only difference. LolThe only thing I really loved was their Parmesan fries and their sweet potato fries were also delicious. The sauces it came with are also delicious.The only time I'll ever go back to this place is for the Parmesan fries. But I know other restaurants where I can have it.We won't be back to this place again. It was nice to try once but not again.  We paid $60 with tip included for two burgers and two fries. The most expensive Burger King food I've ever had. If I wanted Burger King patty, I'll just take myself to Burger King.
5	The wait was 1hour + but we ended up gambling while waiting so it wasn't a biggie.  The service was great.  The farm burger and the Hog burgers were phenomenal.  Definitely going to my top 5 burgers list.  Their truffle fries were delicious but fries taste good everywhere so nothing to write home about.
4	Things we liked:I can't say enough about how great this burger was.  I ordered the Euro Burger with Truffle Aioli and goat cheese.  It came cooked perfectly at Medium. It was so good and I don't normally like burgers with beef! We also tried out the Parmesan Truffle oil fries with the Truffle Aioli.  We were not dissapointed. At first the fries just reminded us of Red Robin fries, however when paired with the Truffle Aioli it becomes fantastic. Things we didn't like:My wife orded a salad and it was OK. Not as good as a salad we got the next day at PF Changs. There was really loud music and I could not talk to my wife across the table. Other than that my burger and fries were amazing!
3	Too much Hipe for the taste.  The Hipe of the burgers, It's Ok $17 for a burger, you get the same burger at one of the area's 100's of sports bars for $8 and not fight the crowds and the parking lots.   WE like Gordon Ramsay, just his burger is ok, nothing to write home to mom about!
3	We barely had to wait which was awesome. Must have came at just the right time. Usually there is a fairly decent sized line to get in. We were seated and given menus with Gordon Ramsay's face on it. It was a little funny but it was cool. We decided to split onion rings with cheese and truffle fries. The onion rings were so good. You didn't get that one bite and the whole onion comes with it, it was the right texture that an onion ring should be. The sauces that came with it were great, BBQ sauce, cheese sauce. Both were pretty darn good. With the truffle fries they were tasty but a little greasy and soggy after a while. However the sauces were an aioli and ketchup which accompanied the fries well. Now on to the main course. My girl got the duck bacon burger which comes with a fried egg on top. That burger was bomb, a very tasty burger indeed. However my burger feel a little short. I got the hog burger. It's a pork burger and I have to say they should rename it to the "Pho Burger." It tasted like a bowl of pho. I was really disappointed by that because I could have saved half the money by getting pho at a Vietnamese restaurant. My other friend got the same burger and said it did taste like pho. I mean it had good flavor and was tender but tasted like pho. The sticky toffee pudding push pops were forgettable. I've had the real thing at his restaurant in LA and it was WAY better. Everything else was worthy of a 4 star review but overall it's 3 for me this time around. Good thing my girl filled up on fries and onion rings and gave me like half her burger to save this review. The fries, onion rings and duck bacon burger were on point. Sticky toffee pudding push pops and pork burger you can go without. If you are spending that much money, it's not really worth it for those particular items on the menu. Staff was friendly tho.
5	This was honestly the best burger i have ever eaten. Highly recommend the farm burger because anything with an egg is absolutely amazing. Alex was our server and he made the experience not only by strategically planning out our perfect burger, but showing off his witty personality keeping us entertained. Such an amazing experience! Thank you Gordon ramsay
4	Two delicious burgers, truffle parmesan fries, friendly service, nice atmosphere, two very happy diners. It was a great start to our vacation. (Get the Euro burger!)
2	Came here expecting greatness, was very disappointed. Ordered my burger med rare, got it well done. Don't think it would of mattered as nothing on my burger stood out from a burger I could of gotten  from my employee dinning room at work.
5	The best burger ever! I came to Vegas to try all of the ramsey restaurant's, and honesty it was worth the trip and the wait...the line was long! I had the hells kitchen burger and a banana shake. My burger was medium rare. Juicy and fresh. The bun was soft but toasty. However, our food took a while to reach our table.  It was only my husband and I in our party. The couples sitting around us received their food at the same time as us, but arrived after us. I'm not going to lower my rating based on this because it happens. I loved the food and will be back!
5	Best burger place on the strip in my opinion.I always get the Hell's Kitchen Burger.
3	Service was great.  Really accommodating to families with kids.We ordered:Maui Onion Rings (nothing special.  Yard House onion rings taste better than these ones)French Fries (really bad steak fries)Farm Burger (too dry, missing something)Hells Kitchen Burger (best thing we had all night.  nice heat)Probably won't be back because there are just too many better options in LV
3	We stayed in two rooms in Planet Hollywood and got a $100 ($50 each) credit towards food in the restaurant. Gordon Ramsay BurGR was one of the qualifying restaurant. For 6 people, it came out to $150+ for 6 premium burgers, one order of fries, two appetizers, and all water.We don't each much gourmet burgers so can't compare with other places, but it was alright - nothing to write home about. I got the farm burger which was okay - not much flavor to it. My brother enjoyed his euro burger. Couldn't find much to praise about the different burgers we ordered. Most were medium cook to well done and it didn't include fries.The chicken wings were good. The truffle fries were okay.Service was good to great. I'm surprised the server remember which person got which burger without having to ask.
4	One of the better burgers I have had, the meat was cooked just as asked, the fries were crispy and not too salty, but the check was big. Our total was 90 bucks for 4 burgers and 1 fries. The farm burger was pretty good, I felt it was better than the hells kitchen burger. The food was 5 star, but the value for money was less on my eyes.The host at the front desk couldn't hold our table for a couple more minutes which was not what I expected... When we got a table, it had enough place and the rest of our party just sat in. Food came out fairly quick for how busy they seemed
3	Oreo Milkshake = Outstanding, best milkshake money can buyJalapeno Poppers = Amazing, gorgeous presentationTruffle Fries = ok, nothing specialFarm Burger (medium cooked) = *sigh* pretty dry, disappointedHells Kitchen Burger (medium cooked) = meh same as aboveOverall = C+
4	Not surprisingly enough, there was actually a line when the place opened, but it wasn't too long to get seated, fortunately.  I was half-expecting someone in the back of the kitchen to get yelled at, per the show.  Though, that wasn't the case.With regards to the food, I ordered a oreo+butterscotch+creme brulee milkshake along with a Farm Burger and some truffle fries.  For a Gordon Ramsay establishment, it was actually reasonably good.  A lot better than I expected, as this was a chain of the other Ramsay restaurants.  I feel compelled to try his other joints now.
2	I've been here 3 times, and each time we were told "sorry, the kitchen's backed up" as an excuse for the slow and confused service. The first time, the fries and hot appetizers came out cold. The burgers are okay but not worth having to endure the frustration of dining here. If you do end up here, get the cheeseburger and a shake. And good luck.
2	If you do manage to get seated without starving to death in the line, get the coffee shake (Shake #5). This is a must-have shake!If you have the TR Diamond status or 7Stars, even better. You'll skip most of the line, if not all of it. Better yet, ask for your coffee shake to-go if that's all you want from there. As a matter of fact, that's the only thing worth getting there for me.Many people suggest the Oreo Shake, but I think you'll have to love Oreo to death for this shake to be the best. After a few sips (quite delicious sips I must say), the shake became unbearable, and I regretted ordering it. The burgers and hot dogs are definitely different than typical ones, but their "deliciousness to price ratio" is way too low. My friend estimates it at 10% whatever that means to him but still low nonetheless.Appetizers are quite overpriced. Food came out cold both times I went. If you like cold fries, then I am sure you will enjoy them.  Service is slow. Kitchen is backed up. Just more reasons to not want to physically dine there.For a Gordon Ramsay restaurant, I expected a more streamlined operation. Maybe Gordon Ramsay himself should expedite his kitchen like he does in his shows.I really wanted to be "wowed" by his restaurant, but I left with disappointment.2 stars for being able to cut in line with my friend's TR card. Otherwise, the line is a good weight loss solution....The Gordon Ramsay Diet. It's GReat!
4	I got the Farm Burger. It was aiight. The pork belly appetizer was outstanding. Overall happy with the experience and the price was right. Gordon could easily have charged double given the star cred but he doesn't and I can respect the heck out of that.
4	LOVED the chanterelle burger.  Everything else on the menu looked awesome but really couldn't decide.  The cocktails were amazing.  Keep it up BURGR!  Slow service though.  I'd definitely come back next time.
5	Nothing to complain about really!Come on people, it's VEGAS!We're here to have a good time right?Ok so, let's see here...FOOD: DELICIOUS! BEST LITTLE DAMN BURGER I've ever had!PRICE: Little may be the burger but, BIG is the price, not too bad though ;)SERVICE: FRIENDLY & PROBIG FAN: of CHEF RAMSAY!!!PICTURE SPOT: In front of the restaurant were FLAMES! I will be back, back, BACK!
5	Definitely in the top 3 burgers I've ever had. High quality ingredients and lots of beers on tap!I ordered the Hell's Kitchen and it was great! My only suggestion would be to fan out the jalapeno and avocado more so it's not all in the middle. The meat was high quality and cooked just like I ordered it. The bun looks like it would be dense but it's this light fluffy little cloud of heaven! The truffle Parmesan fries were very good too, but we got so full on the burgers we didn't finish the fries.I would definitely go back!
5	Sigh, leave it to Gordon Ramsay to beat Americans at their own game. Cute girls in tight dresses, cute boys in not so cute tight shirts, and bombass burgers.There was a long line leading to the restaurant but luckily they had a handy call back system that will text you when your table is ready. 45 minutes later, we were seated.Almost everyone at our table ordered something different so I was able to try a variety of burgers and sides. APPETIZERS: We started off with Maui Onion Rings and Jalapeno Poppers. The Onion Rings were amazeballs and the Poppers were very conveniently separated into 6 shot glasses. BURGRS: Hell's Kitchen Burger, Euro Burger, Farm  Burger, Hog Burger and a Fish Sandwich. I specifically remember the Euro and Farm. Both were cooked juicy and perfectly medium. On the Euro, the tangy goat cheese and over roasted tomatoes were delicious. I highly recommend the Farm burger as well, the duck bacon went great with the runny egg yolk. My mom's friend raved about her fish sandwich for days.SIDES: Sweet Potato Fries and Truffle Parmesan Fries. I have never been a fan of sweet potatoes, so naturally, I never liked them in fry form either. These on the other hand, covered in Vanilla Powdered Sugar with Honey Jalapeno Mayo were something I could snack on for days. My brother said that if Gordon Ramsays jizz was made of Honey Jalapeno Mayo, he'd take it to the face.The Truffle Parmesan Fries were alright. The only thing that stuck out was the Truffle Aioli for dipping.It's hard to pick places to eat in Vegas because there are great restaurants everywhere you look. I recommend stopping by here, it's worth it.
5	Wow!!! Now that is a stunning burger! I got the three cheese burger and think it is by far the best burger ever. My foodie friend went for the spicy hotdog and was so happy with his choice too!  A bit expensive but I would definitely pay to play again anytime!  Yum yum yum!!!
3	It was a 30-minute wait (give them your cell # and they'll text you when the table is ready).  There were three of us.  We ordered the American (me), Euro (person #2), and the Farm (person #3).   Also ordered a side of parm fries and onion rings.  The verdict?  Good, but not "WOW that's a juicy mother of a burger!"  The curry ketchup was the highlight for me, but that can't be good when ketchup steals the show.  The onion rings were better than the fries.  As for the burgers... the Farm was the best.
3	Verdict: Overall, not bad. Service is great, but food is so-so. Also, we had to wait 2 1/2 hours when they said it would only take an hour and 15 minutes. Would I come back? Probably not. The food is what's going to keep me coming back as a regular, not the service. I had the Farm burger and while it was good, it wasn't anything special. The bread was slightly dense, the meat was a little under-seasoned and the flavor that I was expecting from the fried egg and duck bacon, just wasn't anywhere to be found. And not to mention, after eating this burger, I was still hungry. And if you're still hungry after reading this review; do yourself a favor and grab a burger some place else. I'd bet 10 to 1 you'd love Bachi Burger over this spot any day.
2	Very disappointing! Maybe our expectations were too high, from watching his shows we expected a higher level from the kitchen. We had truffle fries, farm burger,  and the Hell's Kitchen Burger.  All very under seasoned and tasteless.  Service was fine.
4	"2 scollops! 3 beef welligtons! How long?!!"Hahaha I love watching Gordon Ramsay get mad. When I saw this place, I knew I have to try it - see what GR is all about.  His fame is pretty legit by the looks of the line for BurGR - we waited a good 1+hour in line. Then waited 30mins for our burgers to come. - chanterelle burGR: yum! Figgy onion, mushroom, beef patty, arugula- truffle fries: the truffle is in the dipping sauce, not sprinkled over the fries like Umami burger style- onion rings: this is a must try. So good. The sauce too! So good. Overall... It was worth it. I would wait this long again the second time though. I feel like the staff is not quick enough with cleaning up the dirty tables, hence the humongous line outside.
5	Britney is the best... Highly knowledgable about the menu.. Superior customer skills { Britney is HeRe}~~~~~~Our sitting was delayed so they comped us with 4 awesome cocktails...~~~~~~So far we had the Fury Chicken wings, And the truffle fries.......Aweeeesomeeee~~~~~~Ohhhh my GoooDd the Euro burger was A-Mazing!!!!l
4	I am surprised I haven't written a review for this place yet. Gordon Ramsay's burGR restaurant is exactly the type of food you'd expect GR to come up with. The burgers are crafted with interesting flavors and ingredients. My favorite of the burgers is the BRITANIA with that mango chutney and nutty arugula. That mango chutney did the trick with the sweet and sour taste the bring the burger alive. Another popular burger is the FARM BURGER - ordered by 5 of the 7 people at my table. Its duck meat with bacon and eggs. Definitely a heart-stopper if you know what I mean. Tons of flavor though. :] I also split the Honey-Pig Bao Buns with a friend which was delicious but a bit over-priced for three tiny buns. But what can you expect from the infamous Gordon Ramsay.
5	I been wanting to try this place for a long time since I'm a big fan of Gordon Ramsay. We had a 2 hour wait but you can leave and they'll text you when the table is ready. If you have the casino members card, you get $1 off each menu item. So while you're waiting for your table, go get the players card. The restaurant doesn't have tables for groups larger than about 4 so you would have to split up. We had a group of 7 but they sat us in a area about right next to reach other.Customer service was spot on. Very friendly and informative waiters. Here was what we ordered:Shake #4 creme brulee pudding + Oreo shake + Oreo cookie = best shake ever!!!! LOVED IT since I love both of those, this was a perfect combo! The drink isn't super thick and milky surprisingly but more creamy. I couldn't stop drinking it. It actually made me full from eating my burger lol.Honey pig bao buns - roasted pork belly, pickled cucumber and radish, cilantro and honey hoisin sauce. It was good but I did wish the roasted pork belly was crunchy. It was soft though. The bun was very moist and soft. Overall, I liked it because of the pickled toppings that went with it. Farm burger- duck breast bacon cheddar and fried egg. This was one of the best burger I have had in a long time! They egg yolk was perfectly cooked to how I like it, runny. The duck breast bacon was good but a little too salty but still good. The hamburger buns were very fluffy and compliment the burger meat well. It did not overwhelm the burger. My husband got the Hell's Kitchen burger. It was very spicy but he loved it. The avocado was delicious with the burger. Meat was juicy and the burger was very flavorful. The bun on this burger was the same as the farm burger. Fluffy and went well with the burger.My siblings got the Hog Burger and enjoyed it very much so. Juicy, cooked to perfection of medium rare with the awesome bun. We would all come back here again next time. Totally worth your money!
5	How it's done right.Our busboy looks like a Chippendale. He can wait on my table anytime. :-)Our server is so hot she could set a stripper pole on fire.Prices are not prohibitive. $15 for a gourmet burger on the strip is what I mean.Loud music and swanky decor make you forget you are part of the 98%.Tables set aside for VIPs. Skip the line if you are a Platinum Rewards level member.Santa Maria! The #1 shake can send you into a sugar coma. Make sure you order it!Ditch the onions rings and go for the truffle fries. The blue cheese dip it comes with is to DIE for.Hell's Kitchen Burger is over-rated. Go for the Chanterelle Burger with Fontina cheese added. Slather some of that blue cheese dressing from the truffle fries and you can die a happy man (or woman).The wait outside is worth it. Don't miss this.
4	BF and I were excited to try our first Gordon Ramsay restaurant and were not surprised that there was a long line waiting to get seated for Gordon Ramsay's BurGR on a Friday evening. We waited around an hour and finally got a table. From the Yelp reviews, BF already knew he wanted to try the Farm Burger ($15) and truffle fries ($11). I ordered the Chanterelle Burger ($16).Our food came out fairly quickly and we were ready to eat. The Chanterelle Burger was too sweet for my liking. The Farm Burger lived up to the hype, but before BF could take a bite, the yolk exploded all over the plate. The truffle fries and truffle aioli were delicious!
4	To end my trip in Vegas, i decided to treat myself to this establishment.  I got there 20 minutes before they opened (I didn't checked for the times) and decided to play craps for a bit until it opened.  The staff were hustling and bustling trying to get the place ready.  I ended up as the third person in line and sat at the bar area.  My server was friendly, helpful, and he wasn't pushy.  He made some suggestions and I went along with it.  I had a farm burger with truffle fries and a light alcoholic pink drink.  The drink was surprising light and the burger was moist and rich.  The truffle fries however left me as disappointed.  They were overly salted but I think it was because I had one of the first servings on top with the salt but that was near the end.  I will come back but I might just skip out on the fries or ask for salt on the side next time.
5	LIKES: food, service, use of technology, valueDISLIKES: the server's outfits[Background:]Went here in December 2013 with my boyfriend, before a show. We made no reservations at 8 p.m., but the wait was less than 10 minutes.  We also had a Total Rewards card that gave us a dollar off each menu item --- score! This restaurant is located inside Planet Hollywood. Very easy to find as it is on The Strip. The ambiance was warm and very casual. Other diners were young, old, purple and blue --- everyone is welcome. BUT, I didn't really like the servers' uniforms. It was a weird sporty look with sneakers. I thought something more classic (collared shirt? Nice pants? A mid-length skirt?) would've projected a casual vibe too. It was a bit more McDonald's for me...Oops. Don't think they were going for that.[Food:]Got a suggestion from our server to choose the Farm Burger. And my boyfriend did! I picked the Hells Kitchen burger to try their house special.My boyfriend deemed the Farm Burger "the best" he's ever tasted. Ever. And he loves burgers. It was the perfect taste, great meat to bread to everything else in between ratio.The Hells Kitchen burger was probably the best I've ever tasted too, and I am not usually a burger eater. It was very easy to enjoy, a light burger yet very savoury. I couldn't finish it though, so I had half of it the next day. Still tasted delicious---and I am very picky.The burgers, however, do not come with fries. You order that separately. We got the Hawaiian onion rings instead. These were so amazing --- batter was light and the portions were huge! It didn't make us feel sick of eating onion rings after the 1038th bite.[Service:]Excellent! Just the perfect amount of friendliness. Our servers (we had a change up in the middle of our service) were so casual, yet very professional. We didn't feel intimidated even though it was Gordon Ramsay's restaurant! Ha. Ha. Ha. The REAL Gordon Ramsay. Well, he would've been proud since he was well-represented by his people at BURGR.Loved the use of technology too! There was an iPad presented to us to look over the drinks and appies. We also got to rate our experience for the night via an iPhone attached to the receipt folder thing. Very innovative.[Value:]Okay. Confession: We got a souvenir...for free! We kept the menus. Oops. The server said we could. I swear! We were so excited over the fact that we ate at this restaurant that the server said we should keep the menus as souvenir. That's pretty good value!Oh, the food & drinks were obviously great value too! We ended up paying about $50 plus tips for two gourmet burgers, two beers and onion rings. Not bad at all! And full, we were. Very.[Verdict:]LOVE IT. You must go! It has set the standards for all of my burger consumption from here on. Totally lived up to Gordon Ramsay's name...and now I heart Gordon even more.
1	I've visited during my last two trips to Vegas. - On July 3 2013 the experience was so-so but I attributed the stomachache to the fact that I had been drinking at the pool that day. - On December 19 2013 I went back, because I did remember the bartenders and bar scene being quite fun. This time around I got a stomachache again and it is definitely the poor food!Problems: - The American Burger is served with PROCESSED CHEESE like from a Kraft package! Disgusting! - The Jalapeno Poppers are served with a sauce that was so heavy, it was really a downer. - The plates are scratched and in poor condition. Like a Denny's from the MidWest. If Gordon Ramsey were to eat here and the logos were changed, he'd SLAM this place and send it straight to the depths of hell's kitchen.
5	The service and food was superb!!! Although it was a bit pricey for burgers, it was totally worth it! especially to experience a place where Hell's Kitchen was filmed!It was a wonderful experience and fun ambience in the a prime location on the Strip.  Definitely a go-to casual place in Vegas!
4	I really wanted to love Burgr, and I did. I loved the onion rings, side sauces,  the best ketchup I've ever had,  and amazing blood orange Cosmo.  But I was slightly disappointed wIth the Burger and fries.  I ordered the Britannia and truffle parmesan fries. My burger was cooked perfectly but less than half way through eating I was craving another element, a sauce perhaps or more combination of texture. My fries were fresh, warm and crisp but it was so crisp (overcooked) that all I taste was a lot of hard crunch with no potato. My fiance ordered the Hell's Burger. Delicious but also missing moisture and flavor from a sauce. I understand gourmet meat is seasoned simply to compliment the proteins' natural flavor,  but put me over the top, don't just serve good burgers, make them great. Wait time and service was not bad at all, compliments to the line and cooks, uniforms were quite $ not $$, overall go try for yourself.
5	I don't know why some of my fellow yelpers and friends don't like this place. To me, it's burger heaven! Perhaps the mistake is the order combination; however, my first experience was total perfection.  Located just inside Planet Hollywood, and trust me you won't miss it unlike Earl's Sandwich (I always have trouble finding that place).  The Jalapeno Poppers and Truffle Parmesan Fries were mind blowing delicious grubs! You must at least order these if you've avoided being a carnivore.  The burger: well................ just perfect. The end.Ambiance 4.8Flavor 5Presentation 5Service 4.5Price 4.5Grade: 4.76
5	haoamammmmmmmm I've been wanting to try BurGR ever since they opened and I was ecstatic to have a chance to this weekend!  The fire decor on the exterior of the restaurant is definitely eye catching!  Their seating service was convenient, in that we notified the the host, and they wrote down our number, giving us an ETA and a text of when our table would be available.  Skipping the line waiting was the best feeling ever!  Wasn't too hard to pass time as the surrounding area of Planet Hollywood is filled with shops and gambling!  When we were notified of seating, I was relived to be seated in a very "relaxing" environment. With no actual line queue for the restaurant, I feel that everyone was relived, and there was no rushed eating/squished dining quarters to accommodate demanding hungry diners!  Since my group ordered a lot of appetizers, we all split a burger between 2 people, which went perfectly!  Jalapeno poppers were great and fun, in that of the 6 served, 1 was extra spicy!  Truffle fries and sweet potato fries were also delicious accompaniments.  you definitely have to try the MILKSHAKES!! I believe it was #4, but there was creme brullee and cookies and cream.  It was a heavenly experience.  The handful of sips i stole off my cousin were amazing.    BURGERS ARE PERFECT YES.  They are cooked exactly how youd want them, whether it be med rare, med etc!! and you can tell they use good beef.  It was unlike any other burger I've ever had, nice and hearty mmm.  Next time I want to try the farm burger!  Pricing is very reasonable, ~15/16 per burger.  Compared to Umami Burger, Gordon Ramsay is completely worth it.  The burger sizes are larger, and the tastes are still amazing.
2	I'm a big Gordon Ramsay fan but BurGR fails to meet the high standards we've all grown so accustomed to seeing from him.We stopped by for a late lunch and were given a 30 minute wait for our table. Fair enough, however an hour later we still hadn't been seated and the front desk looked like a slow moving train wreck. There were about 4 different hostesses juggling 10-20 different groups of people and none of them seemed to be communicating with one another. When the manager stepped in we spoke to them and were promptly seated.Highlights: The quality of ingredients and presentation were very good. All of the food looked great. The burgers and fries were decently tasty but overall not worth the jumped up prices.Lowlights: Subpar service was the biggest disappointment. Our server was attentive at first but disappeared once our food was ordered. Each burger is made to order and you can specify the cooking temperature. All 4 of us ordered the same burger 'The American' but had different cooking preferences. They arrived with no markings as to which ones were cooked a certain way and we had to cut all of them in half to determine who's was who's. Ultimately it didn't matter as all of them were cooked well done. The only ketchup BurGR serves is made in house and is laced with a chipotle seasoning. If that isn't your thing, you won't be using any ketchup for your burger or fries.Try BurGR if you're a Ramsay fan or there's absolutely no wait. However the basic fare doesn't warrant the high prices.
2	Visiting a Gordon Ramsey restaurant was to be a highlight of our Vegas trip for my teen, who enjoys his Master Chef shows.  We so wanted to like this restaurant...but it wasn't to be.  We thought the decor and iPad menus were neat, but the tight server uniforms rode up on the waitresses thighs to the point I worried we were going to see more than intended.  We started with the Truffle Fries, which were tough and tasted stale. Instead of being golden brown and crisp, they were pale and appeared to have been sitting a long time between frying.  When offered a replacement, we switched to the Maui Onion Rings and they truly were fabulous.  The worst part of the experience though was the burgers.  We ordered one Farm Burger and one Chanterelle Mushroom Burger, both well done.  Both came, sans any sauce, and severely under done...very pink inside. You would think a restaurant specializing in burgers is very experienced in cooking them to the customers desired done ness (otherwise why ask "how would you like that cooked?").  We sent those back as well, and told the waitress to not rush, we'd rather have them done than fast.  When our replacement burgers arrived, one was fine but the other was pink on one side.  When it was returned as well (with no offer of selecting a different entree), we were so disappointed.  My teen ate her Farm Burger and just as we were ready to request the check (and go find another option for lunch for me since I was now starving), the on duty manager approached and comp't our meal.  This was nice (and the right thing to do), but I would have greatly preferred to speak to him much earlier and actually eat something for lunch, so having him not appear until that point was actually the coffin nail that labeled our experience an "epic fail".
4	very pricey, but I guess that's to be expected from such an establishment. Everything tasted great, even the "just fries" but nothing justified its price. The "just fries" were way better than $1 fries from McD's, but not $8 good. The shakes (#2 and #3) were fantastic, but not $9 (each) fantastic. The burgers were amazing, and these were the only dish whose price (~$13-16) seemed reasonable. Prices met my expectations from someone like Ramsay, but the taste of the fries and shakes didn't really match their prices. Anyway, the food is good and the service is awesome, but the prices are sky high, and the only things that seem worth getting are the burgers.
4	This happened at around 2:30 pm on New Year's Eve,  I have to say that my visit to this awesome restaurant was marred by watching one of its outside line girls accept a bribe.  What happened that the couple behind us learned together with us that the line was around one hour long.  The person behind us offered her ( and I could not see how much he gave her) some money.  She accepted and they cut to the front of the line and were whisked into the restaurant.  I know this goes on in a lot of places but I had not expected BurGR to have these types of employees.  I don't even expect anyone from this restaurant read this but I hope they do and take appropriate action.Oh and we had the awesome Hells Kitchen burger and the truffle cheddar fries.Enjoy this place!
4	Visit 1/2...truffle fries-over rated IMO, just ok. Jalepeno poppers- came already dipped in sauce. I like to control the amount of sauce on my food, but made for nice presentation. I was bummed to find out only 1 of the poppers were spicy and my husband got it. Won't order those again. Then....then there were the most delicious wings I've ever eaten. Served with blue cheese crumbles and shredded carrots...my mouth is watering just thinking about them. Not too spicy not too sweet...the sauce is SO good (I even ordered an extra side of sauce). My rating would have been a 3 if not for the wings. We actually ended up here a second time on our trip and I ordered inky the wings...which made that trip a 5. The service is decent. My glass was never empty and everything came out in a timely manner.
3	I was starving when me and my friend got here. It was just the two of us and they told us it'd be an hour wait. They ended up seating us a little earlier. Our food came out super fast which was nice. I ordered the yardburger and my friend got the 3 cheese one. I also got the Oreo creme brulee shake and we split the truffle parmasean fries. Basically after finishing only about a quarter of our food we decided we should have just split one burger because they are huge and skipped the fries. Overall everything was delicious and totally worth the price but I ended up getting sick afterwards. Not sure if it was because I ate it super fast or the quality of the food itself.
4	Farm Burger was good. The duck-breast bacon added good flavor but it was not crispy, which I'm guessing has something to do with it being duck-breast based. The burger itself was cooked well and had good flavor. Parmesan fries were good and crispy and served with a very tasty garlic aioli. It was a little pricey but I would go back to try one of the hot dogs.
4	I only give four stars because the service was sub-par. We waited too long for everything. It took 10 minutes for us to even see our waiter once we were seated and the beers took 10 minutes after that!That being said, the food was perfect!!! I ordered the Damnation Chicken burger and was surprised with a juicy ground chicken burger. While it was not as spicy as I would have liked, the carrot celery slaw was perfectly crunchy and the blue cheese was rich and creamy. Definitely a winner. My boyfriend had the American burger and was blown away with the simple awesomeness.We chose to order the regular fries which come with curry ketchup and chipotle ketchup, both amazingly good. I put the chipotle ketchup on my burger as well. In retrospect, I would have definitely ordered the truffle Parmesan fries. An order went by us and looked amazing.I wasn't feeling dessert, but the milkshakes and other desserts that went by looked like they were straight out of the menu pictures. They also provide you with a tablet that has the drink menus and some of the cocktails looked very interesting. The beers were $6/$7 which was cheaper than any casino bar. Overall it was a great food experience, but the service was a letdown. Don't let that deter you, though. Enjoy!
5	The best BurGR in Vegas! The Burgers and milkshakes are amazing!!! Truly took me by surprise. By far the best I've had.
3	I love all of the Gordon Ramsay shows... I am a big fan. However the burger restaurant does not deserve five stars at all.It is definitely four stars... They don't have a lot of choices on the menu for different types of burgers. And the burger itself is good... But underwhelming for the price you pay. If I'm going to pay $15 for a hamburger... It better well be a really good burger.The reason I gave it four stars and not three stars... Is that the anti-fries and the homemade ketchup along with the mayonnaise truffle sauce is absolutely wonderful.  However $12 for french fries is also ridiculous.The service is very slow because the restaurant gets pretty busy especially at lunch and dinner times. It is best to go when they first opened and then you don't have to wait to get in... But you still have to wait for the food.If you compare this to let's say one of my favorite burger joints... Smash burger. It really pales in comparison because of the price point. You can get a awesome smash burger... And smash fries for under $10.  Annual walk away very satisfied.I paid $30 for a burger and fries at this place... And was good... But just did not have that wow factor I was expecting.
1	My burger patty came out well-done despite ordering it medium. The patty was burnt as well and very dry, and made my Euro Burger taste like it was overcooked by an amateur at a backyard BBQ. It was the type of patty Gordon Ramsay would go apesh*t over, like, 1st week of Hell's Kitchen level of rage. It was so well-done I could have worn it as leather. It was so burnt that this cow's offspring shed a tear that this patty went to waste. However, the sesame bun, goat cheese, arugula, and the baked tomato in the burger was tasty. But the star of the burger, the patty, was not what I had anticipated. It was definitely not even close to one of the best burgers I've ever had. For the big name of this restaurant and the heavenly level of dining quality of Gordon Ramsay, this was a big let down. I can't help but think that this is a totally different burger place than was featured on MasterChef.
3	We watch Kitchen Nightmares so we were curious and anxious to eat here since Chef Ramsey has such uncompromising standards. At least on TV.I must say that the experience was inconsistent at best and disappointing at worst.  We went early New Year's Eve and waited only 25 minutes or so for a table, which I guess is pretty good. I got the blue cheese burger, and it was not good at all. The beef was overcooked to the point of being dry and difficult to swallow. I had asked for pink in the middle to keep it juicy, but there was not a drop of juice in that burger and there was no pink. Come on, it's a burger, they should know how to cook it right. If Chef Ramsey had tasted my burger he would have made a face and pushed it away, claiming that it was so dry as to be inedible. And he would be right.On the other hand, the wife's Farm Burger was excellent and cooked correctly. The flavors came together and the wife loved it. The onion rings were the best I have ever had, light and not greasy.Like almost every restaurant on the strip, this place is over-priced with some mediocre food. To his credit, the burgers are not as over-priced as at some restaurants on the strip (just walk through various hotels and look at the outrageous prices). Still, with two burgers, onion rings, and a couple of beers plus tax and tip the bill was over $70, and only one of the burgers was any good. The wife would return, but she would have to go alone because I would not return.
4	Being a fan of Gordon Ramsay, I had to try his restaurant BurGR. I heard that the wait can be pretty long to be seated, but fortunately when I arrived around 5pm, I only had to wait 10 minutes. I ordered the Chanterelle burger, the Britannia burger, and a side of fries. The meat itself was excellent and very juicy on both burgers. I prefer the Chanterelle because the mango chutney on the Britannia was a little bit too sweet for my liking. The fries were decent but nothing amazing about them. Overall, I enjoyed my experience here, and the waiting staff was very friendly. I will have to come back again to try the Farm burger!
5	Tasty burger, the bread is def a big plus point, a bit crispy outside. High quality meat and amazing sauce. Recommend order onion rings and eat the burger with a bit of their truffle sauce.
4	Tonight I had the pleasure of trying the farm, euro, blue, and brittian burgers. The fried egg with duck breast bacon was good, but if you only have a burger with truffle aioli and goat cheese cheese once, you should have it here.  Our server Megan made all of the right suggestions.
4	This burger joint is located inside Planet Hollywood.  We lined up to put our name down, which was a small wait in addition to the 1.5 hrs we waited to be seated.  The nice thing about BurGR is that they'll take your phone number and will text you when your table is ready.  I think all restaurants should switch to this method.  We killed some time by gambling in the casino.The restaurant is casual, but you can tell a lot of detail was put into everything.  I liked the silverware that Gordon chose with the unique knife that rests perfectly on the plates. I ordered the farm burger, which was delicious.  The duck bacon and fried egg on the burger went well together.  My cousins and I shared truffle fries and a house hot dog.  The truffle fries come with a curry ketchup and truffle aioli.  The fries were very good, but the hot dog wasn't to my taste.  I felt as though it has a very strong vinegar taste to it.  Kind of like it went swimming in hot buffalo wing sauce.  Definitely a good place to try if you're looking for a fancy burger place on the strip.
2	I'm sorry, but I was really looking forward to this place. My boyfriend took our friend from Malibu, California and I to this place and the wait was an hour and thirty minutes. I always knew there was a wait so that was of no concern. An hour and ten minutes later we tried to check in and apparently they did text us, but sometimes the system "doesn't work". Luckily, we checked in. The server was very nice, but the busser was extremely helpful. Now, the food runner was extremely rude to my boyfriend when he asked which burger was which. The manager never stopped once;  though it was a question on the review they hand out after your meal. What got me the most was the fact that their burger was nothing special. The meat was dry and the parmesan truffle fries were very hard. The sweet potato fries were ok though. Just came home and my stomach is really hurting. I am thinking my meat was undercook. Overall, go for the experience, but I definetely wouldn't go back. All the employees looked miserable.
1	So disappointed....was our first trip to vegas and had many people recommend this restaurant. Love the shows on TV and was looking forward to a fabulous meal. The wait was not bad, about 20 min. We were seated and our order taken, that was the end of the good experience. We waited and waited, we saw others seated after us get their meal and still we waited. A different waiter came and said he would check on our meal. My husband was watching the waitress we had and when she was questioned by the second waiter her response was ' oh crap I forgot to put it in' the second waiter came back to our table and apologized by telling us the kitchen was backed up due to the busy time of day. Out and out lie!!!!  When our meal finally came the food was indeed good, but the experience from the service has caused us to want to never go back. There was no offer to comp the bill or apologise for the waitress. Only excuses for the kitchen cooks, and it was not their fault at all.
5	I wish I could give more than 5 stars! The staff were very friendly, and helpful.  Very quick service.  I think the best service I've received in Vegas. The food is indescribable, because it is so phenomenal. The burgers were exploding with flavor.  The fries were awesome as well.  Each bite was like heaven in your mouth.  I've been here twice now, and will come back often.  I took my friend here recently for here birthday, and she is now a fan as well. P.S. Do not go to or try Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill.  Horrible service and sub par food. Extremely disappointing! Especially after having been to Gordon Ramsay's burgers.
3	Great ambience and service... Loved how they had an interactive iPad drink menu and also a survey on the iPhone to take afterwards... Really neat.Now for the important stuff: felt the food was overrated, we ordered the jalepeno poppers which were our favorite of the night but after that it just went downhill from there. The farm burger is supposed to be served with an overEASY egg so the yolk is all runny but we got a way overlooked egg and missed out on the best part of the burger. The chanterelle burger, supposed to be topped with a lot of mushrooms... There were hardly any on it! And the truffle fries!!! Couldn't eat more than an handful they were way too salty! Overall, overpriced and overrated! Wouldn't come back here for a 2nd time.
5	Gordon Ramsay all the way!! He fu**ing knows what hes' doing!! :DGood range of not so usual burgers and great tasting too........without a doubt! Got chicken wings for the toddler and they were oh so good...!This place is like fine dinning burger joint :) The shakes here are so indulgent that we went for a second helping!!! Needs a big appetite to guzzle everything down!The wait staff is genuinely friendly and ambience is hip.
5	Let me first say that I am not a burger eating kind of gal. I will be honest about having my doubts about paying for a $14 (on average) for a "gourmet" burger. This place blew this thought out of the water fairly quickly. My group and I decided to share 2 burgers and fries. What we learned was that we should have just either gotten the 2 burgers to share or 3 burgers instead. But honestly, we were pretty filled with the hell's kitchen (beef: asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado, oven roasted tomato) & southern yardbird (chicken: sharp cheddar, mustard BBQ sauce, pickle, butter lettuce) burgers and sweet potato fries. Our group had one guy so don't think it was only 3 girls with itty bitty appetites. We were all pretty filled and content after leaving this place to explore Planet Hollywood some more. The portion size was on the larger side as the meat patty was anything but small. The service was GREAT as our server was knowledgeable, friendly, and very helpful (I asked for recommendations for a cell phone repair place and our server asked around and came back with a place).I would absolutely recommend this place if you're wanting the most juicy and tender burgers--like ever. :) If you're visiting the casinos in the area, this place is a great place to eat--and in walking distance of the casinos as well. Gordon Ramsay BurGR is very popular so be patience if there is a slight line.
2	First Thoughts: We're going to be raging with Gordon Ramsey tonight? To answer the question: yes and no. My bf and I raged at BurGR but Ramsey was not in attendance to see it. Hopefully, he'll get a chance to read about it in this review. We got to BurGR around 7 pm and waited between 40-45 minutes--to be seated at the bar. Beware. BurGR does not take reservations and they operate on a first come first serve basis. Be prepared to wait between the hours of 4-9 pm. I had called earlier in the day to try and make reservations only to be told to come after 9 pm--when the crowds start dying down.We were seated after only waiting 40 minutes because we opted to sit at the bar. Had my bf and I opt for a table, our wait would have been much longer. The bar area has several large TV screens tuned to sports channels so if you enjoy sports, it's something to consider. Also, the bar chairs are glued into the ground with an awkward space in-between. If you are on a date, you will not be sitting physically close to your date at the bar. Once seated, my bf ordered the Euro burger and I ordered the granny apple Caesar salad with dressing on the side. We were offered our waters and we waited another 10-15 minutes for our food. The one word I would use to describe the food: underwhelming. My salad was just a pile of greens with slices of apples placed on top with some pieces of Parmesan cheese and croutons sprinkled throughout. It was unimpressive and tasted like any other Caesar salad, with or without granny apples. My salad was hardly justified by its exorbitant price of $12. Especially, when I know I could have purchased the same salad at Trader Joes for half the price. My bf's burger looked better but after a few bites, he said his burger was dry and well done, not medium, which was what he had asked for. I tried some of the meat and agreed: it was well done, not medium. Bottom line: This was a rookie's mistake and unacceptable in a well-established Gordon Ramsey restaurant. Paired with my ordinary salad, the burger was not up to par with a restaurant only specializing in burgers. If this is their niche, they need to step up quality control and not let this happen in the future. I will not be returning for more sad salads, over done burgers and long lines.  *End rage.
2	I was so excited to come here because I love Gordon Ramsey and wanted to see his creative take on burgers.  First thought was the layout seemed very cluttered and it was so loud.  The menu was pretty neat looking and the food descriptions looked fun inside it so I had hope. My boyfriend wanted to try their truffle parmesan fries which  ended up being super thick cut fries, and the truffle portion was in this goopey mayo dip, it just was not  appetizing.  I like bachi burgers way better.  I got the euro burger.  I thought the oven roasted tomato would be roasted long enough where it created a sweet acidic contrast to the goat cheese it just was so bland tasting, and basic for being 16 dollars. My boyfriend got the hells kitchen burger and the porportians were way off and was overloaded with avocado so you only tasted that, and the jalepinio was barely registering.  My boyfriend wanted the creme brulee oreo shake and once again just not proportionate.  What small amount of oreo shake was in it was super yummy but the creme brulee portion took up like half of it since the bottom of the glasses where the shake is are skinny.  Creme brulee is a very heavy custard and is best served in a shallow dish, and then has the nice crackly caramelized sugar on top.  It would have been better if they had used this component to accent the shake rather than take it over, and it would have been nice if they actually had the crackly caramelized sugar on top, without it, its just creme...The service was at least very good, I will give them that.  So overall I wouldn't go back, if you want a great fancy burger go to bachi burger it's much better, and less expensive. This place is way overpriced for flavor profiles that are not executed properly, and lack balance.
3	"Can a three-Michelin awarded celebrity chef, a generally angry Scottish/English guy and successful psychopath, pull off the great American classic?" What a world we live in that we have to ask ourselves that kind of question. BurGR is, however, an attempt to give us an answer.The verdict? Nah, not completely.BurGR is situated near one of the Planet Hollywood's entrances that face the Strip. You're greeted by giant arcs of unnecessary pyrotechnics as you wait in line, with Ramsay's scowling face and merchandise staring back at you as you mingle amongst the other people that are interested in the same question you are. Peeking into the restaurant, you can catch glimpses of the wait staff-- dressed like they're in an upscale Hooters-- and the open kitchen with guys working the line like they're still hoping to make it big someday. And you know what? Sometimes, the dress does make the person. Or something. Because on my visit the floor staff was unbelievably lackadaisical, riding the coattails of the restaurant's name cause there's a bunch of suckers, including me, lined up wanting in There was no urgency anywhere... except, interestingly, by the background crew: the chefs. Only until I got a seat near the open kitchen, already berating myself for waiting a full hour just to get a burger at this place, that it became clear to me that there was a definite disconnect between the folks in the kitchen and the kids waiting the tables. The kitchen is a picture of efficiency-- guys have their heads down, calling out orders, making sure shit is right. Their movements are careful, but there's urgency-- they want to get you your food ASAP before the orders start stacking up. Just as any good restaurant should be.Then you have the wait staff. I really don't know what BurGR is aiming to be, but there needs to be better training somewhere. I was literally served by the sous chef working that day (it's written on his name-tag) simply because he kept calling for "hands" and no one would get the goddamn order out of the kitchen. "But HC, the staff must be swamped! Cut them some slack!" If they were, I wasn't seeing it. I saw wait staff flirting back and forth with each other in that kind of creepy incestual way. I saw a lot of unfilled waters. I saw a lot of food waiting on the line for longer than they probably should have been there. Are any of you folks that ate here wondering why your food was lukewarm/cold? Uh, that's probably why. Granted I'm not a professional at this shit but I do know that if the restaurant is, at the moment, as successful as it is you really want to at least pretend to give a damn. I really should have asked if my tip was going to the sous chef instead of the waitress, cause she sure wasn't serving me my food and outlining what I had ordered.But I digress. We're here to talk food, aren't we? BurGR serves, as the name implies, burgers. You can get the classic cheeseburger but there's lots of interesting little twists. For my visit, I went with truffle fries and a medium rare Farm Burger, which has duck bacon and a fried egg. There's really a lot of fries so one order can easily be split between two people, and you'll want to-- despite being cut into wedges (which is already kind of a bastardization of what us fat Americans want thank-you-very-much), they had a lot of flavor and the house ketchup really evened things out. Solid.Then there's the burger.Sometimes there can be too much of a good thing. (Don't look at me like that.) When I was ordering this burger, I was excited. Squirming in my chair, even. Not that hard to act like that after waiting so long to try the goods. But the problem with this particular burger is twofold: there's no real texture and the patty itself is pretty underseasoned. It's soft on soft on soft on soft-- soft and airy bun (tasty), soft patty, soft (and flavorless) egg, and limp (bordering soft) duck bacon. I really didn't get a strong beef taste-- I got a mild, distinct duck flavor. And... that's kind of it. The patty was woefully underseasoned and lacking a strong upfront presence. And isn't the burger meant to be the star? Did these Brits bring their underseasoned food here as well? Cause to me, biting into a burger should be an experience. When you bite into that patty, you want that hit of char and salt on your tongue, beefy fat dribbling down your chin and on your fingers, the other ingredients lending texture and cutting richness. Right? Was it strange that I thought In-N-Out does a better burger than this? Is it blasphemous to say that? Cause screw it, I will. The burger was lacking in soul, ingredients be damned. The whole is more than the sum of its parts and all that. If you want a solid burger there's other places to hit in Vegas. BurGR's worth a try for certain if you're willing to brave the wait, but if you're thinking you're about to bite into the best burger of your life... eh, you can do better.
3	This restaurant seems promising given the long wait and high volume of customers. Also, I had high hopes since Gordon Ramsay created this. Sadly, service was slow. It took about half an hour to bring out our burgers. What is even worse, my friend's burger had hair in it. Also, the burger itself wasn't anything too special. I know a burger place in Irvine that makes better burgers than Gordon Ramsay's. I do agree with most people that their truffle fries are pretty good. Other than that, I will not be back here again.
5	Hi again, well I did it, I am the first and only person to complete the entire menu at BurGR, got to meet Gordon himself too at the year anniversary party, he was funny and nice, just a great guy you would want to share a beer with - as usual on my recent trip I dined at BurGR about 4 times, I have eating everything on the menu so now I'm creating new things like having a burger with pita bread instead of a bun, but the best thing is a burger wrapped on lettuce, Paleo diet freindly! (thanks to my boy Garret on dayshift) it was awesome, I even had my buddy Jason try it and he liked it too and ordered one himself the next visit. As always everyone there is amazing, Managers Darren, Benji and Emily came and talked to me and always make every visit great, Servers Garret, Jahaira, Alex with glasses, James, Ginger, cute lil blond girl, guy with Mohawk (sorry couldn't remember everyone's name when I was writing this) and a cast of others always take damn good care of me, I usually ask for 3 tea's and a water (no lemon, that's very important and it's a test to see if my server is really listening to me), cause I drink pretty quickly and they always get it right, are fun to talk to, know the menu front to back, make good suggestions, which in turn makes it for a better dinning experience, also the busser's Jennifer and Kelly kicked butt too, the chefs are always entertaining and friendly, even when they are busy as crap, they will still take time out to say hi, one of the reason's I always sit back there is I like to watch everybody working in the kitchen and see how things run "HANDS PLEASE" - over all I have not had a bad experience yet, still don't understand anyone's bad reviews, but I guess every one's experience isn't always the same as everyone else's right, If you had a bad experience the first time I would suggest a second trip back, maybe walk to the front of the line and ask for a manager and just "calmly" explain that your first experience wasn't that great and I bet they will go over and beyond to make sure that doesn't happen on your 2nd experience. As for me I go back to Vegas in 18 days and I will probably eat at least 3 times there, the entire staff from the girls at the front, managers, servers, busser's, chefs are always incredible to me and any one I have brought there or told to dine there, even if you don't want a burger go for the desserts ;) till next time David Cagle
2	We dined here during a recent stay through the new years week.    6 of us attempted to collect a table to find that we had an hour wait.  That was fine, although it would have been better to have good cell phone service (thank you AT&T for sucking on that one) so that we received our table-ready text on time.  We were seated and spent some time joking with the waiter who was probably the best part of the experience.  Great guy.  In short, the food isn't great.  I wanted to LOVE it as I am interested in Gordon Ramsay's cooking, but honestly, if this food was something he tasted at another establishment, I can guarantee you that he'd be all over it with scoldings. We ordered 6 burgers with various toppings, 3 orders of french fries and jalapeno poppers.  The best part of the meal was the poppers.    Each served in its own little shotglass of dip, they were tasty with a kick. The burgers were overdone and dry (I asked for medium.. got well done, along with 4 other burgers).   The uber cheese, which was my selection was excellent in the taste of the cheeses but chowing down on a dry hunk of meat was less than thrilling. The french fries were also quite overdone - hard and crunchy, lacking flavor, even with the spicy ketchups served with them.   We ordered 3 servings and MAYBE ate 1 entire serving across the 6 of us, when all was said and done. Despite the lines to get in to this place, I'd skip it - it's just not worth it if a top-name restaurant can't deliver their food as the customer ordered it.
4	Got here around 3:30 or so on New Years Day. For couples, they said the wait was about 30-35 minutes, and it was. The restaurant looks so cool...fans of Hell's Kitchen might appreciate that it kind of resembles the HK show kitchen. Anyway, I'm not a huge burger fan, so I got the Southern Yardbird (chicken burger + sharp cheddar + mustard bbq sauce+ pickle + butter lettuce)   and my fiance got the Damnation Chicken Burger (fiery hot mayo + maytag blue cheese + celery & carrot slaw. Plus we ordered the Parmesan Truffle Fries and the Sweet Potato fries. OMG. everything was so good. Now, I'll say that the Damnation chicken burger was better than the southern Yardbird...that spicy mayo and the slaw give it the extra kick that it needs to take it over the top! the parm truffle fries were delish and came with 2 sauces that were fantastic. and the Sweet potato fries came with some kind of powdered sugar on them that made them amazing too! I wish I had ordered a milkshake too, but now I have a reason to go back! Loved it and it was worth every penny!
4	They ran out of duck breast bacon for the Farm burger on a Sunday during lunch. That was disappointing, also the egg was small. The farm burger and chanterelle burger were very good. The Pig burger was thick, juicy, and cooked perfectly, but overall seemed under-seasoned. The Parmesan  fries were good, but the ration of potato bits to whole fries was too high. Maybe we should've asked for a new order. The service was great. Overall, 3.5 stars.
1	I am not a 1 star kind of gal, but this place deserves it. A nearly two hour wait (though there appeared to be room), unpleasant hostesses, extremely bland food, and a strange behaving waiter, all conspired to an unenchanting evening wasted on this place.
5	My boyfriend loves Gordon Ramsay, so it was a must that we try his restaurants when we visited. The burgers are quite pricey here, but definitely worth it. We came here twice during our stay in Vegas and both times, the service & food was amazing!On both occasions, we had a 15 - 20 minute wait. Others may have to wait longer, but it is worth it.We ordered the Farm Burger & Hell's Kitchen Burger along with a few sides. The meat melts in your mouth. I would suggest ordering med-rare with a side of jalapeno poppers & truffle fries. They are to die for!You will not be disappointed. If I am ever in Vegas again, this will definitely be a stop I will have to make.
4	This place was pretty good.  Great lighting, bunch of tvs for sports, decent food and the price was relatively cheap considering it is in Las Vegas.  I got the farm burger and it was pretty good.  It's hard for me to say a burger is amazing because in the end it's a burger but it was well made and very good.  The fries were terrible though.  It was dry, plasticy, and not very tasty.  The onions rings were pretty good with the cheddar cheese ranch sauce.  What made the meal great was the milkshake.  I'm not big into milkshakes but it was by far the best I ever had.  Texture was perfect in which it was not runny or too thick to drink through a straw and it was a good balance of not too sweet and not too foofy (considering it's a trendy place).  I'd go back here again if I'm in the area.  I'm not sure though if I would go out of my way to come here if I was staying at a hotel/casino far away on the other side of the strip.
4	Burger was good. Not mindblowingly amazing but definitely "good".Now the truffle fries were "GREAT." Don't forget to get it.Had to wait over an hour to get in for dinner around 5PM on a Sat. The wait wouldn't have been as bad if they had told us it would be an hour instead of 30 min...Went with a group of friends but overall a good experience.Good to take friends, date, coworkers, family, and customers
4	Went for dinner last week. Wait was an hr and a half so if you don't wanna wait forever get your name on the wait list early enough to have dinner at the time you desire. The hostesses were very nice and sat us at a great table. The menu isn't huge but it has exactly what you need for a burger place. Now this is a gourmet burger joint so if you're looking for something extra fatty and greasy this is not for you, although you can get a classic cheese burger. I went with the triple cheese burger which had a bunch of fancy white cheese on it. Really great. Be aware when you're ordering that fries do not come with the meal so you will need to order them on the side. After the meal we enjoyed some push ice cream pop. Cake and ice cream in a push pop. Simply the bomb. Overall great experience and friendly staff. Again plan ahead if you want to go to Ramsays novelty restaurant.
1	Love Ramsey. However never eating here again after being told they cannot accommodate for a table of 9 while they had plenty of space and tables to seat us. They even had a table of 8 eating at the time, they said the extra person is a fire hazard?  I guess pulling a 2 top next to the 8 top is physically impossible. Rude hostess, embarrassing situation. was not handled professionally, especially for the way Gordon would have handled it.
4	I was so glad that my cousins and I got to try out this new burger or should I say burGR joint in Vegas!I came with a party of 6 and at first, we were dismayed by the LARGE line coming out of the front (still have no idea what that line was for) because we walked to the front and instead of waiting in that line, the hostess took down my number and said they would text in ~a hour when our table was ready. We walked around the shops and not even 30 minutes later, received a text that our table was ready. I appreciate a restaurant that does not tell you the wait will be 10 when it's actually 30, so for the wait to be LESS then what they told us....brownie points to BurGR!Items Ordered:- Roasted Jalapeno Poppers- Sweet Potato Fries- Truffle Parmesan Fries- Shake #4 - Hell's Kitchen Burger- Farm Burger- Euro BurgerI love a place that cooks a burger the way you want it and you could tell the meat was quality meat - juicy!!! I personally loved the farm burger for it's ooey gooey egg!Everyone loved the food, the staff/service (did I mention that the servers leave a iPad that you can browse their whole drink menu on?).I would rather pay to eat Gordon Ramsay's BurGR than Umami any day!:)
5	Fans of Ramsey so we couldn't wait to try it out. There was a line but it moved fast and we were in within 10 minutes. Once seated our waiter came right over and was super nice. Had an iPad to view the menu which was awesome. Then told us we could keep our paper menus for souvenirs. Our burgers came out within 30 minutes and we ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger and the Euro Burger.  The burgers were both absolutely delicious. Unique in their own way and couldn't have chosen a better place. At $14-16 per burger it was very reasonable for Vegas and we'd definitely go back. Nice Job Gordon!
1	Tried to go twice, first time has 1.5 hour wait due to not enough staff at 11:30 am....Second attempt was 1 hour wait even though there were plenty of tables available.... This is Vegas Gordon! Too many other choices than deal with your lack of service!
2	I had high expectations for this place, what with Gordon Ramsay's face plastered on all the print advertisements on the Vegas Strip and all.In short - it was okay. Food was okay. The Farm Burger I ordered was just an overpriced, average burger with a fried egg in the middle. The burger was small, especially considering how pricey this place is. We shared the truffle fries with everyone, and they were just that - simply fries. Thankfully we went right when it opened on Saturday morning, so there was no wait at all. If I waited as long as the other reviewers had (1-2 hours?!), I might have thrown a fit.. I would much rather save the money from this meal for a buffet.In-N-Out is way better. Too bad there's none on the strip in Vegas. :(
5	The beef in this burger is amazing. I had the Farm Burger and let me tell you with each juicy bite my taste buds were exploding. I simply didn't expect that feeling when eating a burger.  A definite must try!The one thing to note is that the truffle fries and sweet potato fries need some work. They are okay but clearly overhyped.  Check this place out. There's a line but worth the wait!
4	With Gordon Ramsay Resstaurants, you either love his style or hate it. I'm a big fan of Gordon Ramsay and his style of cooking, I tried their Hell's kitchen burger and I have to say Its simple but delicious. The service was really good and Their cocktails were reasonably priced. The food for 2 with 2 drinks and a fries came to about $45 which is not bad for Vegas. The fries and sides are separate orders.
4	I was super excited to come to this restaurant, especially since I'm such a big fan of masterchef and gordon ramsay. haha. Anyway, I ordered a farm burger and had regular fries and onion rings as appetizers. The burger was good - very juicy and well cooked, but I just felt like something was missing. I still enjoyed it, but I guess my expectations were a little high. The fries were fries, the onion rings were onion rings, pretty normal, but I loved the dipping sauces that came with both. They made the fries and onion rings taste amazing. I also had a milkshake (the one with oreos),  and it was SO GOOD...probably the best milkshake I had ever had. It was, however, almost $10, so i kind of expected it to be something special anyway. All of their burgers are around $14-$16 dollars and their fries and milkshakes are all about $10. I went with my family as a party of 4 and we waited about 45 min. The service is good, the waiters are all friendly and smiley. Overall, I really enjoyed the experience at this restaurant. Will probably be back again the next time I go to vegas to try something new. Note: The restaurant is in the Planet Holleywood hotel, the very first restaurant when you walk through the entrance of the Miracle Mile Shops.
4	I have eaten here on several occasions, once as a carnivore and once as a vegetarian (I am apparently a fan of weird, sporadic diets).For vegetarians, the Earth Burger did not disappoint. Once I finished the burger, I did not have a craving for meat, which is always a plus.For the rest of us, you cannot go wrong with the Farm Burger during your visit. Sure, the burger is very hyped up on Yelp, but it is still very tasty if you like eggs on your burgers.If you choose to order fries, the parmesan truffle fries are by far the best. I think I liked them more than the burgers.Surprisingly, the desserts are very tasty too, especially the push pops. I highly recommend them, and the shakes did not disappoint either.Beware: a burger and fries will cost you about $30 (without a drink). This place is delicious, but you have to ask yourself if it is $30 delicious or not. I prefer Bachi Burger to this restaurant, but it is still a very good burger option on The Strip.
4	***Gordon Ramsay BurGR is a solid burger spot and a significant notch above the other celebrity chef-backed Las Vegas burger restaurant I've been to (Hubert Keller's Burger Bar in Mandalay Place)***Burger restaurants (or maybe a sandwich spot like Earl of Sandwich) on The Strip might be your best option for a satisfying meal that does not cost you an outrageous amount of money.  A lot of the restaurants on The Strip (even the 24-hour cafes) charge a ridiculous amount of money ($30-$60) for just okay entrees.  With an upscale burger restaurant though, you are going to pay $10-$16 (maybe high but not outrageous) and get just as filling of a meal and maybe even a more satisfying one (since the total bill will not reach the fine dining-like prices of many Vegas restaurants--even casual ones).I have not been to many of these Vegas burger spots (I hear Holsteins in The Cosmopolitan is popular).  I have been to Hubert Keller's Burger Bar, which is not too expensive but it is also not as good as it used to be.  This was my first visit to Gordon Ramsay's BurGR (located in Planet Hollywood) and it is relatively new.  The burger was good; hopefully, the quality does not go downhill as the restaurant ages.Gordon Ramsay BurGR has a simple menu.  It ditches the build-a-burger concept (smart move since this often results in an abundance of mediocre ingredients); instead, Gordon Ramsay BurGR serves a little over 10 restaurant-designed burgers with many different types of flavors and ingredients as well as different patties (a lot of beef but also a portobello mushroom option, chicken burger and pork burger).  A few salads and typical bar and grill appetizers (like chicken wings and jalapeno poppers) are also available.  Various fries are offered in sharing size and there are also a few dessert-like shakes on the menu (that integrate cookies and puddings).I had the chanterelle burger and it was good.  I really liked the bun.  The bun was soft, but it also had a distinct and toasted edge (so many upscale burger restaurants are putting burgers on grocery store-like buns).  The sandwich consisted of a thick eight-ounce beef patty, arugula, chanterelle mushrooms, and a sweet fig and onion jam.The beef patty was great.  It had a good sear and a good flavor.  I ordered it medium rare and that is exactly what it was--some red in the center and very juicy.  I really liked the arugula and the sweetness of the jam was not too much.  The chanterelles were great, but there were not too many of them and this premium ingredient was kind of lost in the sandwich.  I think a good strong cheese would have made this burger better and there were parts of the burger that did feel a tad greasy.I also tried their sticky toffee pudding push up pops for dessert.  It was a fun dessert--push up pops consisting of alternating layers of sticky toffee pudding and salted peanut ice cream.  The sticky toffee pudding layers were very thin and lacked the signature moistness and stickiness of that dessert (kind of expected given the structure of this dessert).  The sticky toffee pudding flavor was there though.  The salted peanut ice cream was creamy and not icy, but it really just tasted like vanilla ice cream.  Still, it was a fun dessert to eat.Service was very good.  The hostesses and my server (Alex) were very friendly and attentive.  Alex was very passionate and eager to please (but in a very genuine way).  Service seemed organized and the food came out at a quick pace.Gordon Ramsay BurGR has good lighting so that you can see what you are eating but not to the point where the restaurant is too bright.  It is a big and contemporary spot and quite loud (I am not sure about all the decorative live flames integrated into the restaurant; it is the kind of non-essential decoration that a lot of restaurants ditch later and then you are left with an odd, empty space).  Unfortunately, the restaurant sits open to the casino so depending on where you are sitting, the cigarette smoke from the gaming floor might be very disruptive to your dining experience.Prices are good.  Burgers are in the $13-$16 range, but they are very filling and the flavors and preparation of the burgers are much better than a mediocre $40 steak at one of those 24-hour cafes on The Strip.  Total Rewards members also receive $1 off most items on the menu.Gordon Ramsay BurGR is a great and not too expensive option for a satisfying and unique (but also not bank breaking) lunch or dinner on The Strip.  Hopefully, it does not fall into the trap of other celebrity chef-backed restaurants on The Strip where the quality standards drop as time goes on.I have never parked here, but I imagine Planet Hollywood offers free self and valet parking like all the other major hotels and casinos on The Strip.
1	Gordon Ramsay Burgr is a prime example of everything that is wrong with a modern restaurant.   Start with the staff, horrible.  They text us when our table was ready (I like that idea), however when we arrived to be seated we had to wait another 15 minutes while our table was getting ready and we were corralled several times to get out of the way by a bunch of scantily dressed host staff (kids).  The atmosphere, loud and annoying.  The food, even worse.  Start with greasy fries and the worst dipping sauces, mayo but not mayo for the Europeans, and catchup but not catchup for the Americans.  Both sauces were terrible and the fries dripped with grease.  Next the onion rings were even filled with more grease and the batter didn't stick to the onions.  You had to eat them with a knife and fork and the sauce was another disappointment.  A good dipping sauce for onion rings is chilled thick ranch dressing, sounds simple but very few places provide a good ranch.  The stuff they served here was so bad I could not eat it.  Next was the shake or what they called a shake.  It was more of a parfait concoction with various flavors but it didn't resemble a shake in the slightest.  When you are craving good old ice-cream forget ordering this crap, it isn't even close.  The only good thing about the shake was the cookie.  Finally the burgr, another huge disappointment.  Rather small but thick and undercooked.  My wife cannot eat red meat so she ordered hers well done and of course it was completely red in the middle.  The staff argued that it was in fact well done, we were already miffed about the shake so we didn't argue, just vowed to write this review and never come to this place again.  When you consider paying an average of $35 for a burger, fry and shake the price is insane and what you get for that price is criminal.  Never felt so ripped off before.  I love the food channel and enjoyed watching Gordon do his thing on TV but this restaurant has changed all that.  I have zero respect for this marketing fool who is selling overpriced garbage.
3	Went here with my brother while we were in Vegas.  Stood in line at 3 pm with our parents, no one took our names or said how long the wait would be.  Line seemed to be moving well until we got to the front then they told us it was an hour wait. My parents decided to eat later so that we could eat at the two seats at the bar ( I had to be back at the airport and could not wait the hour)  That was a little disappointing that I couldn't eat with them.  I got the Uber cheeseburger that was good and Shake #3  was absolutely killer.  My brother got a plain cheeseburger and fries.  You had to pay extra for the fries.  Once we were seated service was just average,my brother had to flag down the bartender for another coke.  I think you are better off going across the street to Holstein's, they are just all around better.  I really wanted to like this place a whole bunch since I am a big fan of Gordon... but I thought it was just average at best.
4	impressed.  burgers were solid.  went with a buddy and after we each finished our burger, we ordered another to share as our dessert.
5	Long wait to get in. Most of us got the farm burger which was good. We also got regular fries and truffle fries. The truffle fries with the aioli sauce was delicious! Service was great because the waiter was quick with everything and water was constantly refilled, almost after every sip. Definitely a bit pricey for the amount of food you get but that should be expected.
4	The only time I've had a burger and didn't once consider adding ketchup because of the flavor being so good without.  Also hardly any grease great texture.  Lived up to my expectation and beyond
5	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 39/100My boyfriend and I were on a mission to try all of the Gordon Ramsay restaurants in Las Vegas this weekend! BurGR was our second stop of the trip!BurGR is located literally right inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel. SUPER easy to get to from the lobby! They have this AWESOME glass window display with a metal structure emitting a bunch of flames all over it. It's really interesting and a great storefront display! They also have a bunch of Gordon Ramsay merchandise at the front such as t-shirts, cookbooks, glasses, etc.We were able to walk right in and get seated immediately. However, a few minutes after we had been sitting at our table, I looked over to the front of the restaurant and there was a HUGE line! We got super lucky that there was nobody there when we entered at around 11:15am.The decor of this place is super trendy, modern, and basically a sports bar with all of the large screen TVs on all of the walls displaying football and other popular sports. There are also lots of flames everywhere (I'm assuming are related to Hell's Kitchen) and a photo of Gordon Ramsay.Waiter service was great, as usual. Our waiter immediately came to us and asked if we wanted to take a look at the drink menu, which is an iPad 2 that they give you to look at. It is an interactive menu that has all of the drinks sorted by category (beers, cocktails, red/white wine, etc.), descriptions of each drink, and even photographs. There's also a tab with Gordon Ramsay's biography and photograph, which I thought was pretty cool.We ordered two waters, a cup of coffee, and then took a look at the menus. The menus were pretty amusing because they, too, had a giant photo of Gordon Ramsay that surprises you when you first order them :PMy bf and I ended up sharing the Shake #4 - creme brulee pudding + oreo shake + oreo cookie. THIS WAS AMAZING! I had seen photos of the shakes on Yelp and was curious to try them because I've never had a shake infused with pudding before. Thanks to this shake, I am a HUGE fan of the pudding + shake combination from now on :) So yummy! The two flavors look separated (with creme brulee on top and oreo on the bottom), but surprisingly when you sipped on it, the flavors were combined and complimented each other very well. I would love to come back to try the other 4 combinations!As for burgers, I ordered the Uber Cheese Burger (fontina cheese + raclette cheese + goat cheese), and my boyfriend got the American burger (american cheese + butter lettuce + tomato + pickle + onion). As a HUGE cheese lover, my burger was absolutely PERFECT for me! It was literally just the patty + 3 types of cheese, which was exactly what I wanted. My bf nearly inhaled his American burger and said it was super good. We unfortunately decided to skip out on getting fries because we didn't have the appetite to eat that much food! I would definitely like to come back to try the truffle Parmesan fries and the sweet potato fries.When we received our bill, we were given an iPod that had a little survey/questionnaire for us to answer based on our dining experience at BurGR. The Yelp Elite in me naturally reached for this and began answering the questions like crazy :P I thought it was pretty cool how much they integrated the use of iPads and iPods at their restaurant!Overall, 5 stars for a really trendy, hip atmosphere, great service, and delicious food! I would love to come back during my next visit to Vegas! :)
5	Having always wanted to try one of Gordon Ramsay's Restaurants I finally got to do so on my last trip to Vegas. Because we didn't have much time we decided to eat at the bar since we were able to get right in if we did. There was a long line when we arrived which we thought was just to be seated and ended up being just to put your name on the list. Be prepared to wait if you decide to eat here. The bartendor was very nice though and you can order anything off the menu at the bar. I decided to go with the plan old cheese burger and fries. The fries are sold ala cart so be sure to order those or you will just get a burger. My burger was prepaired perfectly. It was juicy and the bun was very fresh. I really liked the multi grain buns they had great flavor. The fries were also quite good but what really made them was the homemade ketchup. It had a bit of kick to it and I don't normally like Ketchup on my fries but thought this was exceptional. Cost to eat here is high for a burger place also. Was over $30 a person for a burger. Over all one of the best burgers I have had!
3	My hubby says 2 1/2 stars and it was only for the ambiance, not the food. I think I have to agree! I've been to his steakhouse and was happy with my food there, so I was expecting some good food, especially with all the reviews. Sadly I have been excited to try this spot for a long time and I finally did. It was very packed for a week night, around 6 p.m. When we left, there was actually a long line forming. Upon first entering, I was really impressed by the fire lining the window as part of the decoration. The hostesses were standing around, greeted us, and took us right to our table. I was surprised how busy it was in there. There are huge TV screens covering the walls (sports bar-ish but with high price tags), loud music (Vegas all the way), and Gordon's pic all over the place, on the menu, on the wall, everywhere. At first I was very impressed with the whole thing. When we sat down our waitress Tammy came over and appeared to be a in a big rush. I ordered the Farm Burger, Hog Burger (love the name), and we got Maui Onion Rings and Truffle Fries. The burgers we got were supposed to be their speciality, so I was really expecting something special. Ummm the Hog Burger was not memorable at all. I can't say I enjoyed it one bit and almost felt like I was just eating it because it was so darn expensive!! ($17 with being a rewards member). The burger wasn't even that big and it just barely had any taste. The toppings were arugula and some sort of sauce, again nothing memorable. The Farm Burger had a nice piece of bacon on it, cheese, and an egg (doesn't sound original but in comparison to the Hog burger, it was decent). I really don't feel like with the high price here for the burgers, these burgers were worth the price. I hate to say it, but the burger was borderline dry. The Maui onion rings and garlic dipping sauce was tasty, but nothing that would bring me back to this restaurant just for that. The truffle fries were thick cut fries and had an overwhelming truffle taste, almost to the point where you felt gross eating such oily fries. I am glad I went and tried it and now my curiosity is over and I will not be back. With the Ipad menu, Iphone for giving feedback/review along with the check, and all the TV's, I think the high price of the food was going towards the gadgets instead of good quality food.
1	I had high expectations for burgr since it is a Gordon Ramsey restaurant and I love burgers. Service was great, I had a party of 9 and they sat us right away which I thought was amazing. Waiter was very descriptive and encouraged us to try the HOG burger. More than half of us did..... And more then half of us got sick later that night Coming home some of us check our bank statements to tally up our weekend come to find out that 2 of us had been double charged on our accounts from burgr. If you like great service, food poisoning, and incorrect charging of the bill I recommend "burgr" Tangent: I hate to write a bad review but it practically ruined our Las Vegas trip. we all got sick, tried to figure out the cause and that was the only place we ate at. And to add salt on the wound over charged.
3	I would say the burger I tried here was average compared to other burger places I have been to. That being said, the price for what you get is GREAT, especially considering the prices at some places in Vegas, not to mention this is a GR restaurant.We waited about 30 minutes for a table for two. The jalapeno poppers are great...we didn't realize this but 1 of the 6 they serve has an extra spicy surprise inside... unfortunately I got that surprise and my mouth was on fire for most of dinner! We each got the Hell's Kitchen burger... and warning...the jalapenos are HOTTT! I picked mine out, and the burger was still tasty. The bf ate mine and his and said it was crazy hot but delicious!
4	4 stars because it was absolutely delicious and worth it to try. 4 stars because the wait to sit was ridiculous and the service (although she was sweet) took foreverrrr. I would recommend trying it though, at least once!
3	Just visited Vegas this New Year and also was residing at the Planet Hollywood. After a great Experience at the Gordon Ramsay's Pub Last July at Caesar's Palace my girl friend and I decided to try this Burger Joint. The place looks great the service was good. We ordered two of the recommended burgers from the menu but what I found to be an awesome drink is the Oreo Shake with creme brulee pudding. I highly recommend that. My opinion of the Burgers is that it was too dry even though they recommended we do the medium well. I don't know if Mr Ramsay comes over to check up on the quality of the food at this joint but he should come and see if they are up to par. As famous as he for quality and presentation is was not the food I was expecting for the price you pay for a burger. The Fries was great. Would I go back and try it again maybe....
5	Not one for long reviews. This place rocks. Onion rings were FANTASTIC. Fries were about an 8 and the burger was maybe 7 1/2 out of 10. Great service and holy crap, the desert.....Oreo Shake was the best.
4	I have now been here twice, both times being consistent. It's better to come for lunch or odd hours because this place can have quite a line outside sometimes. The burgers come out pretty quick, done exactly the way you order them and are thick and super juicy. They have an impressive amount of beer on draft and always ice cold. There's also a good amount of tvs with sports on, if that's your thing. Make sure to save room for one of the pudding shakes. I've never had anything like it and the pudding the milkshake is topped with is probably the best I've ever had.
3	Overall good quality food. I think I was just expecting a little more from Gordon Ramsey. The restaurant itself is nice as all restaurants are on the strip. We ordered the onion rings with parmesan and truffle oil, and the two housemade sauces. For burgers I had the farm burger with the egg on top and my boyfriend got the classic. The ingredients were fresh (avocado etc), the patties were generously portioned and perfectly cooked to our liking. However the farm burger could have used a lot more seasoning. With Gordon Ramsey always being so tough on people in his shows, I was a little disappointed that the burger was lacking something as simple as salt. The waiters presented the drinks, desserts, and restaurant merchandise on an iPad, which enabled a more high impact display. While that was nice, it didn't seem that the high top table we sat at had the space to accommodate. Additionally the rest of the food items for the menu were on a separate print copy, and you couldn't order the drinks or desserts using the iPad. Perhaps they are still testing how they was to integrate the technology, but we just found it slightly piece meal and confusing.
5	The burgers, fries and wings are excellent. Shakes are amazing. All of the food is well-prepared and delicious. Service is outstanding! If it's good enough for Gordon, it's good enough for you!
5	For Vegas and The Miracle Mile,  this ia the best quality to cost around. Shakes are more gimick than taste though.  Fries and the burger are the way to go. Oh, im a huge fan of cheddar based poppers, but was not impressed with these (tough they sounded good).  I like more crunch out of the breading.
3	I ordered the truffle parmesan fries, coffee milk shake and the Euro burger. As soon as the waiter brought out the fries, I noticed how limp and soggy they were. There were a faint truffle smell and delicious grated cheese on top. The aioli and ketchup were probably the best part about this item. But the fries themselves, gosh, I really really wish they were better! The Euro burger wasn't bad although for $16 a burger, it should have been a lot better. And the coffee milk shake, I really enjoyed the light and less viscous part of it. Whatever they put on the top dark layer, it was too thick and sweet for me.Maybe I should have gone to Gordon Ramsay's other restaurant at Ceasar's instead.
4	Solid 4 stars, despite the 30 min+ waiting time. And as the name implies, this is a burger joint. Don't expect anything more and you'll enjoy your experience immensely.My friends and I wanted to catch a late lunch so we hit up BurGR for some grub. Looking at the reviews, we were eager to try this place. Overall verdict: super glad we did. As for ambiance...? Psh forget that. It's loud, lively, and bright. You've got flame displays, large TV screens, and bright red booth seating, all the makings of fun chow down session.But let's not linger. Down to the food: To Share: * Roasted Jalapeno Poppers ($12) stuffed with cheddar bacon, served with cheddar ranch. SO GOOD. This was probably the best of the four appetizer/sides we shared. Crispy crunchy outer skin, molten cheese on the inside, spicy kick from the jalapeno, more cheesy goodness to dip in. Mmmmmm yum. Not to mention, you get to play Russian Roulette because one of the poppers is extra spicy. May the odds be ever in your favor. ;)* Beer Batter Maui Onion Rings ($9) topped with shaved parmigiano reggiano, served with chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch dip. If you like onion rings, this is the appetizer for you. Greasy goodness, extra crispy flaky outside, soft onion ring on the inside. I loved the chipotle ketchup but that's because I'm a ketchup slut. * Sweet Potato Fries ($9) with vanilla powdered sugar and served with a honey jalapeno mayo.Eh... this is where taste falls short. My group collectively thought it was too sweet. I thought it just lacked some "umph"... personally found it flavorless. * Truffle Parmesan Fries ($11) which are hand cut and topped with truffle parmesan and truffle seas salt, served with a truffle aioli. Perfect marriage of umami truffle flavor, starchy potato and cheesy parmesan goodness. Second favorite side ever. *Shake #4 ($9) which is an oreo shake topped with a creme brulee pudding and an oreo cookie. Delightful. Two people in our group shared it and it was as good as it sounds. You can ask for extra spoons and cups, and the restaurant will give them to you. YAY! --To Each His or Her Own: * Hell's Kitchen Burger ($14) made with asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado, and oven roasted tomato. Friend said it was a good standard burger. It looked darn delish so I believe him. * Chanterelle Burger ($16) made with chanterelle mushrooms, arugula, and figgy-onion jam.Mmm... I was a little disappointed. The burger was solid, the taste was great, but the texture was off. There was no crunch factor, and I was just looking for something to offset the mushiness. Mushrooms were earthy, albeit chewy, the arugula was crushed under the bun so it was a bit deflated (and I wish it added a more peppery bite to the burger), and the figgy-onion jam just fell short. When you tell me the burger will be served with a figgy-onion jam, I want to taste fig and I want to taste caramelized onions. I barely taste either because the whole burger just sort of melded into one without fully highlighting each ingredient. :/ Hmm...and it was overall too oily for my liking. Could barely eat the thing without grabbing a napkin every so often to wipe my wrists and mouth. * Farm Burger ($15) made with duck breast bacon, english sharp cheddar, and a fried egg. Awesome. I took a bite out of friend's and it was basically a homey vamped up version of a breakfast egg-muffin. Comfort food in the form of a burger? I'll be ordering that the next time we're here. Again, very solid burger place. Total price came out to be ~$30.00 per person with tip and tax. Not too shabby Mr. Ramsay. I shall return.
4	Gordon Ramsay Burger is not your usual burger place, it fit well with the vegas strip.Amazing sweet potato fries, those were some of the best I had ever eat, it mix with vanilla powder, and the fries below of the cone were not as tasty and a bit overcooked.  Our group orders two burger, the farm and hell burger.  The burger was probably 1/3lb, there not big but just about right if you eating solo.  The buns were sesame both side; first time I see this in a burger bun.  It reminds me like those sesame bagel.  I was not a fan of those burger bun but there were definite unusual, the hell burger were supposed to be very spicy, so I told to lower the spice.  The spice level came way out very weak and defeat the purpose.  The service was good, refill water quick.  However was annoyed by their keep trying to sell us the dessert menu.  The food is good but not worth the price tag, since this is the strip is not a bad deal, despite burger cost $15 and fries were almost $10.  After all Subway nearby cost as much $10 for a foot long isn't such bad trade off.  The check comes with a ipod with a thank you message from Gordon Ramsay.  The restaurant atmosphere was modern inside, but the attraction is the big frame display of the restaurant. If you hungry.  If you are very hungry, better off goes to buffet or something, this however is a great  mid night meal after a club or a show.Tips:Bring you total reward card, it save you $1 from any items in the menu.
3	Disappointing. We both ordered the Farm Burger due to it's reviews on Yelp. Both found it dry and bland. Had Gordon Ramsay been critiquing it on a show, he most certainly would have sent it back. Seriously, you'd think a master chef would know how to use some seasoning. I had a better burger at Carl's Jr on Highway 15 on the way to VegasThe Parmesan Truffle Fries were very good, definitely the highlight of the meal. Served with delicious homemade ketchup and another type of aioli. The milkshake was pretty good. Actually more like a cup of half milkshake half pudding. But still pretty good (and maybe even $9 good)Overall we were disappointed with this place, not worth the money and not worth the line. Burger: **Milkshake: ***Truffle fries: ****
2	It's not terrible. It's also nothing special. Perhaps when you live here, you loose the awe most seem to find in celebrities.BurGR suffers from the same maladies as all the other $50 burger joints on The Strip do. Very slow, very expensive, overworked and (I'm sure) poorly paid staff.The menu has some interesting variations on the theme and surely one of them will be to your taste, but we've found nothing so positive that it justifies putting up with the negatives.This is just another celebrity carpet-bagger here to suck some more $$ while the gray train is still running. It's really a shame because Las Vegas is the place where it can be done right.
5	The best burger joint in the whole country, I ordered the damnation chicken burger with chocolate smoothie, I did not have any burger taste in my mouth like that. the Parmesan truffle fries. it is pricey but it's worth it. I tried Jack in the Box and Sonic but nothing like Gordon Ramsay burger. his a tip for two people to order your own burger and drink and share order of fries.
4	After reading the Yelp reviews, we stopped by here and got some jalapeno poppers, beer and burgers. The burgers were really good, so was the beer. But two things stuck with me:1. The milkshakes were just out of this world with the pudding on top.2. When the waitress set the jalapeno popper shots down, she very casually mentioned "Oh, and one of them is extra spicy, but it's a surprise".
4	Top tier Burger joint. Highly recommended.
2	Oh Gordon, you should really check out your own restaurants.  I was about to start yelling at your staff for you.....Husband and I wanted to try out Gordon's burger place.  I mean, his show is "Kitchen Nightmares" so this place should be running like a machine, right?  HahaSo we show up probably around 3PM on a Tuesday.  As I walked up to the hostess and greeted her she proceeded to unscrew the cap of her water bottle and take a drink before greeting me.  I did not walk up mid-unscrew or mid-sip, I was standing there and THEN she opened and took a swig.  This is not something I would expect from Gordon's front of the house staff.  Once she greeted us we were promptly brought over to a table  (the place was pretty much empty).  Our server came over and gave us an ipad that listed drinks and desserts.  I ordered a skinny tangerine cocktail, husband had the gin cocktail (I cant remember the actual names but they were off the cocktail menu). It took a bit for us to get them.  Mine was sweet and really pretty much a glass of ice with a little cocktail,  I finished it quickly.  Throughout the meal I had a gin cocktail and husband had another gin cocktail.  We ordered our food and waited.  After about 15 mins our server came over and said "Your food will be out in a few minutes".  We were not asking about our food after 15 mins, he offered this info.    We continue to wait.   We saw other people get there food and finish it.  FORTY minutes after we ordered our food arrived. FORTY MINUTES.  For two burgers cooked medium and a side of fries.  And oh yeah, no apologies for the wait.  On minute 30 I was ready to go over to the kitchen and start yelling Gordon Ramsey style, all throwing plates and calling the staff donkeys.  They weren't even busy.  This wait was unacceptable.Finally got our burgers and fries.  We had the Hells Kitchen Burger, Uber Cheese burger, and Parmesan truffle fries.The food burgers were very good, not the best ever, but very good.  I liked that they weren't super greasy and were actual cooked medium.  The uber cheese burger was best in the middle of the burger where all the cheeses were mixed together.  The Hells Kitchen burger was good.  Not consistent throughout, different bites had different flavors.  Some was spicy, some wasn't.  Fries were good, by no means mindblowing.Overall, food was good, wait was unacceptable, skinny cocktail all ice, no booze - oh and all this cost $96 before tip.  If you read my other reviews you will see I am not a stranger to a $100 meal, but this just wasn't worth it.  Wont be making a trip back when I'm in Vegas again.To break down the 2 stars:Food - 4 starsWait - 1 starValue for money - 2 stars
5	As someone who lives in Vegas, I have been meaning to go here for the longest time. Delicious. I expected nothing less from Gordon. The only thing I didn't like were the dipping sauces that came with my fries, but that was more of a personal preferences on taste. The wait staff was extremely nice and helpful with the menu. The price is not that bad considering it's on the strip and it's Gordon ramsays name. Would recommend to anybody.
4	As soon as the UFC fights were over, hubby and I were hungry! I didn't have a chance to read the Yelp reviews about this restaurant but we had a wonderful time at Gordon Ramsey's Steak so this place couldn't be bad, right? As a celebrity chef made famous by being going ballistic with other restaurant owners for bad food, service and decor I have held his restaurants to a very high standard.We had arrived and were seated promptly. Always a plus! I got a chance to see the different seating arrangements: Tall tables with bar stools, comfy lounge chairs at intimate seatings for two and booths. We were sat at the intimate table for two and I immediately sank into my chair. I came up to the table a little higher than my chin. After a few minutes it didn't matter because the chair was so relaxing. The yummy cocktail, Goodbye Blue Sky, was fruity luscious! We had been waiting some time to our server, Daisy, was able to get to us, but she did stop to recognize us and apologize for the wait. Appreciated the acknowledgment. She took our orders and got back to whizzing around her other tables.  The place was busy with a few open tables, but when the Shania Twain show let out there was a long line and a lot of people at the bar behind me. Always good to see a busy place and it gave me a chance to people watch as I waited for my food.The food: We split a Caesar Salad. It was made with butter lettuce instead of Romaine and I missed the crunch. The dressing was made without anchovies. What?! That's so ridiculous!  If you don't like anchovies, don't order a Caesar Salad! And it was overdressed which  also added to the limp factor exacerbated by the use of the more leafy lettuce. I had mine topped with anchovies, but it wasn't the same. DisappointmentI had the Fish and Chips while the hubby had the Shepard Pie. The fish was crispy on the outside and steamy, flaky fish on the inside. I requested the fries be extra crispy, but the slices were thick, so most of them weren't crispy. To be fair, I know that it's difficult to fry a thick slice crispy without burning it so I let let slice. It was ok, just limp. Hubby's entree disappeared before I finished, so I can only assume it was delicious! His father was a cook (and a fabulous one at that!), so when I asked how it was he just said, "OK" Thank so the detailed description, but the empty bowl pretty much says it all.I paced myself and didn't eat all the fries, so I was ready for dessert. I ordered the Toffee Pudding and hubby got the Spotted Dog. Both desserts were awesome! Both tasted freshly made and the sauces were so good! Our server poured the sauces over our desserts, but there was some extra bourbon sauce on hubby's that he poured into his strong French pressed coffee. Now this is how to end a meal!When we return, I will definitely try the Beer Flight with my meal!
5	This place was one of the best places I have eaten a burger in a long time. Needless to say thats a given considering who owns it. I had the coffee milkshake #5 and I could drink one of those every day! My american burger was good and the jalapeno poppers were amazing. If your ever on the strip, stop in there. Some guy tried to bribe the girls at the front desk to let him in before others who had waited way longer. He tried 10,20 and 50 bucks before he finally got the hint that no meant no!!
1	Well I can't really say anything seeing as I wasn't able to get in. I know they do not take reservations and it is walk in only. I tried calling to see what the wait time would be and nobody answered the phone. I was transferred to hotel concierge who wasn't able to get ahold of anyone either. So far not a good impression. I'll try again another time
3	My experience at Burgr was positive with the exception of a few things. Let me start by complimenting the interior, it was contemporary and comfortable. The menu was very simple and detailed, definitely a plus. My friend and I had a few things on the menu. The truffle fries were divine, then again truffles can make anything amazing. I highly recommend their truffle fries! The steamed pork buns were very mediocre. The pork was tougher than I expected it to be. The burger though, flawless! I had the euro burger and it was really good. It's definitely something I would come back for. The burger was cooked to a perfect medium rare, and every component complimented each other. They also had a good selection on beers, which is always a winner! Their customer service was not the best though. Every time they would take our food to us, the would put another guest's plate (even our drinks) to make it easier for them to put our down. Trays exist, maybe they should look in to getting those. When they would take our empty plates, they would slam an empty plate from another table on top our empty plate and take both plates. It was very unethical and such a turn off. Our server was very knowledgeable of the menu but seemed bored and put off a vibe like she had better things to do. Again, such a turn off. Overall, it was okay. It's not my favorite but I would definitely come back (for those truffle fries. yum)
4	Great burgers with an English twist.  Pudding shakes are amazing and a must order.  Cheaper prices for Total Rewards members, so you can apply for a card for free when you enter the casino.But if your idea of an awesome burger is In-n-Out or Fatburger, save your money and go somewhere else, like In-n-Out or Fatburger.  These establishments are in a totally different category so it would be unfair to compare.
4	Gordon Ramsay's BurGR is a must try dining experience if you are in the Las Vegas area!  I would recommend calling ahead though because the wait time for walk up reservations is ridiculous.... the burgers are good but not waiting an hour and 30 minutes for one.  That being said it is probably, in my opinion, top 3 Burger i've ever tasted in Las Vegas. unlike the line of people wrapped around the casino floor I made a reservation and was shown to a table promptly. Our server was polite, informative, and speedy when it came to initially starting our table.  The wings he recommended are amazing, just the right amount of kick and fit the appetizer bill to a T! (delicious but not overly filling) I went with the Hells Kitchen Burger for my main course, it has to be one of the most flavorful burgers i've had the fortune of tasting! So many different flavors then an delayed heat blast... wow! worth every penny!
4	My favorite burger in Vegas, hands down! I just returned for a second helping and it was every bit as amazing as the first bite. I can tell that the place has gotten a lot of great press as the line is 10x the size it was on my first visit. Grab a seat at the bar or if you have a players card you might be able to get bumped up in the line. Service is amazing, craft beer list is surprisingly good and the top-notch meat is simply prepared, grilled over a wood fire and is paired perfectly with just two or three additional ingredients to add up to a near-perfect well-rounded combination. Do yourself a favor and order medium rare or medium at most. Try the truffle fries, the onion rings or the stuffed jalapenos. Sounds like some basic burger sides on the surface, but they'll likely be the best representations of each you've had in a long, long time.
5	I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay and his restaurants and BurGR did not dissapoint! The burger was cooked to perfection and the fries were delicious. Come early if you want a seat because there is always a wait!
4	If such a thing is possible, the truffle fries were over-truffled.  Blue burger was great though.
4	Everything was amazing, well, except for that one thing the whole restaurant is designed around. Everything else though: amazing.So there's a line that wraps around this place to get in. They don't take reservations but they will allow you to wander all over the Planet Hollywood after you've put your name down; so come with some shopping priorities.Once you get in you appreciate the Vegas Pomp of the place. The walls are made of fire, the drink menu is an iPad, everyone who works here is more attractive than us normies and the jeans are Gordon Ramsey BurGR brand. It's a strip place and yet the prices are very reasonable for it's location. Then again, it is the planet hollywood.The liquid refreshment is exemplary: margaritas were top shelf, I had beer on tap I've only seen on tap at high end specialty establishments. Great stuff. The fries came with ample dipping sauces (ketchup/mayo) and were spectacular. Unfortunately...The burger, which was the Pork burger, was dry and relatively mediocre. The waitress recommended it as a favorite, and maybe it is, but it had like four dry ass ingredients and did not inspire me. I was taken aback. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't great. It was roughly backyard BBQ quality, and I was hoping for something special.It may have been just my burger. Overall a great experience, but choose your delicious cow murder carefully.
4	Get the farm burger! This place is one of the best burger places in Vegas and I'm a local. The line to wait for a table can be long but goes by fairly quickly. Try the truffle fries too!
5	Having shows dedicated to improving restaurants & capitalizing on their venue & food, I wasn't doubting that the food/experience was going to be anything but short of AMAZING!The entrance is hard to miss as it is literally on fire. lol. The hostess could use a little professional etiquette classes. We made reservations 2-3 times over the phone because they lost our reservation 5 mins after making it when we called back to change the time. When we got there, they told us to wait & we did for 10 mins then finally after observing that there was a ton of open seating available my friend went up tot he hostess podium & asked how much longer it would be & all 3 of them (all girls) looked at her like "you guys were waiting?" smh. GR - it could deter customers if your hostesses are clueless, FYI.I ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries which was a big enough serving for me. So yummy! I had a little bit of my friends Sweet Potato Fries with honey jalapeno mayo dipping sauce & it was BOMB! YUMMMMMYYY! Recommend for sure! The containers the fries comes in can be taken out of the metal holder & you can just walk the strip while holding the fries. "On-the-go!" I also ordered SHAKE #4: Creme Brulee Pudding.Oreo Shake.Oreo Cookie.OMGOMGOMG, HEAVEN! 'nough said. Try the shake & it'll speak for itself.All my friends got burgers & I swear their burgers were PERFECT, my friend said they looked like crabby patties, lol.The attire states "business casual" but you can go casual for sure. They have a photographer that comes around & takes pics that you could potentially buy. We passed.The waiter we had didn't like that we didn't tell him in advance to split the check. Gave a little attitude but whatevs. The FOOD definitely saved this review because the service wasn't up to par.Just sayin'
4	PHEW! Gordan, you made up for yourself. You might be saying to yourself, "Made up for himself?! But it's Gordon Ramsay.. he can do no wrong in the kitchen!" Well, you probably haven't tried his Pub & Grill at Caesar's. Anyway even after a horrible experience at one of his other restaurants, I'm very pleased to say that BurGR has made up for it and I can see myself returning in the future -- definitely would have to be a 'treat' day.So you sit, take a look at the menus that are already placed on the table, and the server comes by with an iPad with the drink selection. They encourage you to play around with it for descriptions on their drinks, but I must say this PLEASE MAKE SURE YOU AT LEAST HAVE HAND SANITIZER. Not that the iPads were covered in filth or anything, but I mean come on let's think about this for a second. iPads that have been passed around all day, everyone swiping away on the iPad screen, and then it comes to you and you mess around with it a little, and roughly about 20 min later comes your burger that you pick up and eat with THOSE SAME HANDS. It's Contagion waiting to happen people!Anyway that's probably the only negative thing I have to say about my experience here. The prices aren't too bad, about $13-$15 for a burger. Seems like the range of prices for a burger at any other restaurant, like Cheesecake Factory or something. What is a bit on the pricey side is the fries. Sweet potato fries and parmesean truffle fries are about $9-$11 each. But I have to say, SO WORTH IT. I absolutely loved the fries! The truffle fries take a shape like a rectangular wedge but has the texture of a skinny fry (does that make sense lol?). I'm usually not a fan of sweet potato fries but I honestly couldn't get enough of both! They come with a side dipping sauce that honestly tasted like thick creamy butter -- I really hope it wasn't butter, cause then I should be at the gym instead of writing this review. One order of fries can be shared amongst 2-3 people. As the main course, I went with the farm burger like my fellow Yelpers suggested and it was nothing short of absolute deliciousness. Still, the fries stole the night. And of course, we completed the meal with a shake. I chose the #4 shake - creme brulee and oreo. I honestly could've done without it. It was just too rich and sweet for me, and definitely does not make me feel any better after the 1000+ calories consumed already.The service was just OK. Our server wasn't very attentive throughout the night, but we were all catching up and entertaining a 3-yr old that we didn't pay much attention. Hahaha the waitresses are all these tiny petite girls in some tight uniforms and it doesn't make you feel any better with a shake in your hand...or a burger.. or fries, but whatever I'll eat for the both of us! :)If you have a Total Rewards card, don't forget to bring it! $1 off all items!
3	The burger was very basic nothing special. I would not spend my money on this burger I recommend In N Out for the money and quality.  Ps. The onion rings are the best I ever had by far. They are crunchy and good. The service was great , quick easy and fast. But what I said, the burger is not worth the cost and wait...
3	There are hundreds of burger joints in Las Vegas by famous chefs, franchises, and local families, so standing out takes a lot of effort--and a lot of taste.  Gordon Ramsay's BURGR bar is one of those places that is on travelers' bucket lists for Vegas eats, as well as some locals.  I decided to give this place a chance given my love for Hell's Kitchen.  There is a long line to get in to the restaurant, one that any patron must endure if they did not make a reservation.  The line is 30-45 minutes long depending on what time it is.  The nice thing about standing in line is the amazing flaming sign that is stare-worthy for about 30 minutes.The flames keep patrons warm while waiting in line, but on a summer day, this could be annoying.  Still, it is unique and is a great conversation piece.  It makes patrons wonder what is on the other side, and if the food is as intriguing and sexy as the front entrance.After 30 minutes, we were finally seated in the main dining area right against the other side of this sign, and thankfully it was not hot to sit against.  The menu is simple and consists of appetizers, burgers, sides, and desserts/shakes.  We ordered the Brittania (mango chutney and sharp cheddar) and the Hell's Kitchen (jalapenos and gouda) burger.  To start, we went with the most unique option on the apps list--the banh mi pork belly app.I did not expect to see this on the app menu at BURGR, but technically, it kind of is a burger if you consider burgers to be meat in between a bun. The pork belly was well seasoned, melts in the mouth, and the richness from the fat is cut by the pickled radish and carrots.  The bun, though, was lacking.  It had good flavor, but it was a bit dry and not as fluffy as it should be.  Still, the taste was there and it was a nice way to start the meal.When the sides and burgers arrived, we were quite excited.  They were 4" in diameter and served in a bun that held up to the juicy patty.The britannia has caramelized onions, a mango chutney, and a sharp cheddar with arugula.  The toppings were amazing and the patty was seasoned well.  The buns held up to the patty, having that bounce back to it.  The Hell's Kitchen burger is spicy and juicy, salty and a bit sweet.  I cannot say the burgers were terrible, because everything tasted great, but neither are burgers that I dreamt of the next day.  Gordon Ramsay has his reputation for a good reason and his food is very good, but I wasn't too impressed.The patty was great and cooked to a perfect medium, which I loved.  Overall, a nice burger but the toppings made it yummy, not the meat, which should be the main event.  The fries were served with a curry ketchup and a spicy one, which both were good.  I love steak fries and could eat these all day.  The fries are crispy on the edges and baked potato soft on the inside.  I love how perfectly fried they were and how large each fry was.  The winner of this visit, however, was Gordon Ramsay's sticky toffee bread pudding--push pop style.They layer the pudding with the ice cream and it is sticky, sweet, and creamy.  I could eat four of these for dessert despite the richness of each pop.  I love the whimsy of the push pops.  Ending the meal with a fun dessert made the entire experience a positive one.Service was just as lovely as the food.  Our server was outstanding, friendly, and helpful in every way.  From watching Gordon Ramsay on television, I expected excellent service, and this restaurant delivers.  From wine lists to dessert, our server cleared our table all the time and made sure we had everything the way we wanted it.Overall, BURGR was a nice experience but a place that will be the first to come into mind when I'm craving a gourmet burger.  Although the food was good, it wasn't memorable in any way, except for dessert.  Maybe I am picky or one that cannot be satisfied easily, but BURGR will not be on my "regular eats" list.  Still, it is worth a try and gave me the right to say that I've eaten at a Ramsay restaurant that was on television.  In the end, I think that's what BURGR is all about--bragging rights.
1	First time visiting a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. My friend and I figured after seeing his shows and ratings as a chef that his employees and cooks would be at a different level. Definitely not! Wait - No wait at all very prompt to get our table. Pre-Ordering food - Our waitress showed us the drink menu on an iPad (pretty cool) and gave us enough time to make up our mind.Ordering food - I asked specifically if the Damnation Chicken Burger was spicy and if I could have it with a normal beef patty. Our waitress said it had a good kick considering it had "fiery hot mayo". I love a good spicy burger so I ordered that. We also got truffle fries, onion rings, and the farm burger. To start we got our food in a decent amount of time, slightly longer than expected but nothing to bad. First my onion rings never came. I asked when they dropped off the food and it wasn't our waitress who dropped off the food. The women said she'd go ask them to make them but they never came at all. The truffle fries (which our waitress said were "well worth the few bucks extra, they are so much better) were a huge disappointment. When it says "truffle Parmesan" and "truffle salt" they mean they lightly sprinkle it on the top of the normal fries and charge $3 extra.  Solid tasting fries but we wanted the normal ones and she really pushed us to get truffle fries and they weren't worth it at all. My burger was the damnation burger. It had no spice at all! I don't know if they forgot the "fiery hot mayo" or what but it was bland. It had no flavor at all. Realistically the bun was the only part that was good. If the burger was spicy like promised and had a little more flavor it would've been nice but honestly you get more taste from Carl's Jr. I would never, ever recommend getting this burger. I asked one of the guys working there if it was supposed to be spicy he said yes, and asked if it was to hot for me. I said no, it had no spice at all and he quickly back tracked his comments saying it's only supposed to be a small but noticeable kick. 1 out of 5 stars burger which is incredibly disappointing. The farm burger wasn't much better. The burger patty itself was dry and it didn't have much flavor. My friend asked for Ketchup and some of their "cheesy ranch" or whatever it's called just so he could dunk the burger in it to add some flavor. We had to ask three (3) times just to get a side of cheesy ranch as well. About 10 minutes after getting it another waitress we asked came and dropped it off and saw that we had already got someone so she basically dropped it on the plate and stormed off, rude. Now not everything was terrible one waiter or busboy in particular was prompt, helpful and overall did his job well was named Joey. Not sure on spelling but had to ask his name, if anyone from Burgr management actually reads this review he was the only bright spot in an overall terrible experience. We spent about $48 on food and service that was more worth about $15 or less.Honestly Ramsey should start paying attention to his own portfolio of restaurants before filming tv shows about fixing other peoples restaurants.
4	Food was really good. I ordered the "hells burger" and my boyfriend ordered the "farm burger"  it's loud and really busy in there. Customer service was excellent. To me the food did seem over priced. Our tab was $75 for 2 burgers, a side off fries, a salad and 2 drinks.
4	The burgers were in fact absolutely amazing as was the fish and chips!! I had a banana pudding and oreo shake which was also very good.The only issue I had with this place was the waitress outfits, the placemats oddly enough, and the chair height. Sounds nitpicky I know, but this is why I couldn't give it a 5 star. The waitress outfits were a short skirt onesy that is stitched is a way that is awkwardly unflattering. This sounds really rude but I kept glancing at the mid sections.The placemats were a really thick leather that I kept felt like I was sticking to and couldn't maneuver the items on the small table around. I just put the on the side of the bench seat and fixed that issue.Lastly the chairs are really low to the ground. As I looked around everyone was eating and upper chest level and my knees popped when I got up after dinner.That all said the food is absolutely outstanding!
3	Huge lines but I strolled upto the bar like a boss and got a bar seat where they serve you food too.Food was good but nothing to get excited about. I'll take Umami any day
5	The wait was long but worth it. I recommend getting the HOG BURGER...mother of all orgasmic mouth watering food. Server was awesome! Gave us the menu promptly and took our order in the next 10 minutes. Good service, bomb ass food
4	Truffle Parmesan Fries: YUM! Loving the truffle mayo for the fries. Farm Burger: The runny egg really topped off the burger. Duck bacon...WHAT? Crazy but so good! Hell's Kitchen burger: It was okay nothing special but I do like how I ordered a medium rare patty and that is exactly what I got! Nothing overcooked, perfectly pink on the inside. 1 star off for the wait (1 hour!). Also, my party of 10 got split up into two tables that weren't even next to each other but instead on opposite sides of the restaurant. This is something Gordon Ramsay would not be happy about.
4	Quite simply, the food at Burgr was absolutely amazing and I would even say that this was by far one of the best burgers I have ever had.  We had the Britannia burger, and the mango chutney it it was a great taste pleaser.  The garlic fries are also a fantastic side, and enough fries for 2 to share.  The atmosphere was quite pleasant, although the 35 minute wait to get in was frustrating.  It would be nice if they accepted reservations or gave the ability to book on open table. Now here is my negative why I took a star away.  The girls at the front desk could have not been more disinterested in their job if they tried.  When we went up to ask how long of a wait, it seemed like we were doing nothing but bother their petty little discussion.   Not cool.  As for the waitress, she took quite a while to get our order, someone else brought it out, which I was appreciative of as I didn't want to wait all day, and lastly, once we were done, no waitress to be seen.  A bus boy cleaned our plates up and when I finally asked the hostess for our waitress to bring our bill, the manager ended up bringing it to us.  This didn't seem right.In short, go for the burgers as they are absolutely unreal, but flip a coin if you will get decent service or not.  Just don't be in a rush when you go!Enjoy!
5	Great food.  Restaurant is a little loud.  The staff was attentive and knowledgable about the food.  I enjoyed the farm burger and onion rings.  Definitely a must next time I'm back in Vegas.  If you're in the mood for a good burger, give this place a try.
4	I can't believe I stood in line for 45 minutes for this place.  There was fireeeee everywhere haha.  This is a great lunch place if you're in Vegas and not having craziness 24/7 on your agenda.B- : Hell's Kitchen burger - honestly, the ingredients were good but I didn't think it was ALL that.  The meat was fresh and juicy, perfectly cooked.  By the way, the burger just comes as is, no sides so you'll have to order the fries separately.A+ : Chanterelle Burger - my sister, Julie got this one, she's been on a crave for mushrooms these days.  Well I had a bite of it and this one was a winner.  The sweet onion jam made the burger, was a palate teaser! A: Truffle Parmesan Fries - carbs! YUM! I love the dipping mayo that came with itOverall, I was happy and would like to come back and try other burgers if I have the opportunity :)
4	Aside from the 45 minutes wait to be seated on a monday, i'd say our party had a great time. Food was pricey but that was expected going in. I can't wait to go back.
5	Gordon Ramsay has really made a name for himself, both in the TV world and in the culinary world. I love a good burger and made it a point to visit Gordon Ramsay's BurGR on my most recent trip to Vegas. The restaurant is located within Planet Hollywood and is the first restaurant when entering Miracle Mile off of Vegas Boulevard. For a Monday afternoon there was a bit of a line, perhaps 15-20 people and you simply wait in line and aren't given a pager.After being seated, our friendly waiter came by to take our drink order and showed us an iPad with a selection of specialty cocktails. Early on I was tempted on ordering one of their massively-sized Devil Dawgs, but thought you can't come to BurGR and not get a burger. After asking our waiter for some personal suggestions, I opted for the honey-pig bao buns as our appetizer and the Euro burger, which he personally recommended. Considering how busy BurGR was, our drink order and appetizer came out rather quick. My +1 didn't indulge in the bao buns which meant more for me. The roasted pork belly was perfectly tender and the fresh cilantro and honey sauce made for one delicious appetizer. The bao buns dripped with roasted pork juice and their honey-hoisin sauce. After ravishing through the two bao buns, the Euro burger came out soon after. I can't stress enough that all their burgers look like masterpieces when served. The Euro burger looked almost too good to eat. The burgers are grilled over apple and alder wood and my burger had a truffle aioli, oven roasted tomato, arugula, and a mouth watering goat cheese that made all the difference. The cook on the medium rare patty was just right and the combination of flavors exploded through every bite. The artisan bun rounded out one of the best burgers I've tried.I have to admit I got a little sad as the meal came to an end. The burger was just right in every aspect. It wasn't a ginormous Vegas-sized burger, but more of a subtle and refined burger by the world-famous Gordon Ramsay. The burger is a little pricey at $15 especially since it doesn't come with any fries or sides. Nonetheless, you are in a Gordon Ramsay establishment and the man is serious about quality control. If you're a burger lover or like one of his many shows, Gordon Ramsay BurGR is a must try.Ambiance/Decor: 4/5Food: 5/5Service: 4/5Price: $$Overall: 5/5Pros:+ Affordable Gordon Ramsay restaurant + Specialty burgr menu+ Delicious burgers (Euro burger!)+ Generous portions+ Friendly staff and service (cute waitresses)+ Reasonable wait time+ Souvenirs for sale (glassware, books, etc.)Cons:- Wait time can vary on day/time- No reservations
5	Been wanting to check this place out for awhile. Everytime i walk by it's busy.....well, tried it tonight with a good friend of mine. Place was busy. Hostesses were pleasant, we were greeted within a minute with cassie our waitress who was great. I liked the ipad presentation and menu. Nice touch. Both of us had the cheeseburgers. Mine was probably the best burger that i can remember. Fries were also good. Not a big fan of the chipolte ketchup or the curry ketchup. When i asked for regular ketchup, theres had a little bitter taste to it.....but that was minor when talking about the overall experience. I definately will be bringing my friends back here.....
5	It's loud, sporty, flamey, and orange.  A lot of commotion in the kitchen, but it's all good.  They have an full-time expediter, and someone dedicated just to make sure the presentation is perfect.  I had the birds-eye view from the back counter.  There wasn't anybody shouting (Gordon wasn't here).  It was a well-oiled machine.Everything sounds and looks amazing.  Everything.  I wanted to try it all (and I will be going back many times until I do).  Roasted Jalapeno Poppers (made fresh, and individually served as 6 in a small glass of fiery dip), Five Spice Chicken Sliders, Fury Chicken Wings, all the burgers including the Hog (a pork burger), Fish & Chip Sandwich, Truffle Parm Fries, Shakes, and I could go on and on.  Mouth watering.  Shallow perhaps, but the place makes me happyI had to try one of their incredible "dawgs", along with a burger, and the onion rings.  Each was more reasonably priced than I expected.Chanterelle Burger ($16) -- chanterelle mushrooms, arugula, figgy-onion jam.  Perfect size, my guess 5 oz.  I suppose it's a simple burger, but it was darn near amazing -- almost made my eyes roll back.  Top 10 burger, for sure, on my "Berger Knows: Burgers" list.  Seeded bun, delish.Onion Rings ($9) - huge.  The breading is very light, has parm splash atop.  Well-seasoned, it had a meat like flavor.  Wonderful.Fresh Roasted Chili Dawg ($13) - ginormous.  Seeded hot dog bun was fantastic, and dog was top quality, 3 times the size of a normal one.  A bit salty, but the toppings were worthy....and firey hot.Presentation - 5.0Flavors - 4.75Service - 4.75Speed - 4.0Ambiance - 4.5The servers, all attractive, wear short blue or gray skirts with matching top.  Guys, snug fitting shirts with jeans.  Very nice service, very competent kids.Rounded up, it was a near perfect dining experience and I so want to go back.  Fun, delicious, and had that "wow" factor.
5	A burger joint that GR himself would approve of. Get it...GR? (BurGR)Anyway, service was 5-star quality, atmosphere was really nice, and the food was totally worth the price, which ended up being like $25 for sharing three sides + burger with four people. Jalapeno poppers are a must get. Fries are onion rings are strong as well. I got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and it was RAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW. Jk. It was very delicious, tender, and perfectly medium rare. A prime burger. Would love to try a shake but it's $9 :(. I will be back.
5	The service is awesome. If your looking for a food-gasm you came to the right place!! #sogood
5	Went on a Friday night and had to wait about 45 minutes, but totally worth it! The menu was varied and had a lot of interesting choices. The servers were excellent and very friendly and I have to say both burgers we ordered were very good. The buns were excellent and the meat was cooked to perfection. If I had to put a negative it would be the physical location of the restaurant, it seemed kind of squished into the Planet Hollywood and was a bit noisy. Nonetheless we would definitely be back and we enjoyed our experience tremendously! Highly recommend
4	The burger was great! I got one with duck topping and it really popped! Stick with the sweet potato fries over any other type though.
5	A great place overall -- service is super friendly and quick, the drinks are great, and the food is amazing. To find a delicious, well-priced restaurant in Vegas is saying something, so this place is a must-try. The decor is pretty astounding, and by decor I mean the wall logo that is on fire.I got the Farm Burger and it was cooked perfectly, and so big that I could barely finish it. After watching so many GR shows, it was a treat to get to eat at one of his restaurants. I will definitely be back!
1	I had the HOG BURGER, which we were told by our server comes out very pink but that it was ok even though there is pork in the meat. Got the burgers, they were, OK at best. Not worth the money at all but no big deal. The big deal came early the next morning when I awoke with food poisoning. I had to cut my Vegas trip short by 2 days because I was so sick. Pretty pissed off. I wasted a lot of money, missed the concert I was there for, and threw my guts up for a burger that wasn't even very good. I won't go back,
5	I won't forget the fish sandwich I had here. I will dream about it all the way here in California.It was a giant piece of battered cod nestled into a toasty bread, hotdog-like bun. I wish hot dogs came in the buns that they used here because they were awesome! Can;t forget to mention that sprinkled on top are these thin little salt and vinegar crisps. The whole thing was so good I gobbled it up. I almost never finish a whole plate of food, especially something this big, but it was well worth the food baby I walked out with.I love that they had 2 options for root beer. It seemed that nowhere else in all of Planet Hollywood had any. When you can;t drink caffeine but want a good soda, Sprite (and Sprite-like options) can get kind of boring....and I just really like root beer.The staff here was really friendly and you are presented with a customer service survey along with your bill. The athletic attire for the women was kind of weird to me, but I guess it fits in with the sports on the tv. The men had to wear these flannel shirts with jeans that had a big "GR" with flames on one of the butt pockets. I was kind of amused that the guys were sporting Ramsay's initials on their butts.
5	This place is the bomb!  The service is excellent!  The food is delicious!  And the prices are reasonable.  We got the Euro Burger, the fish sandwich, the sliders, and Truffle french fries.  We were too full to get any shakes, but they looked amazing!  Definitely a must try if you're in the neighborhood.
3	I'm a big fan of Ramsay, his persona and his cooking.  BurGR seemed like a cool place in concept, look and feel and with so many rave reviews, the expectations were probably tough to match.  Look for an updated review in the near future but my first experience at least in tastebuds has been 'okay'.  When you get there, you're usually first greeted by a massive line if you're coming in during the peak rush hours.  Luckily, that line moves by pretty quick and the hostesses usually come around looking for specific party numbers to get everyone moving.  I got to sit in the counter area where the action was happening.  The decor was pretty cool as well with a fiery front piece and the staff were nice enough.  They have a nice drink menu on an iPad (curious if these iPads are on the tables as we had to ask for the iPad at the counter) and a good selection.  The menu itself consists of burgers, sandwiches, appetizers and some desserts.  I debated between the farm burger and the Chanterelle burger and ended up with the farm since so many Yelpers were happy with it.  I also got some regular fries and an ale on draft.  The fries were pretty good - full potato slices so they were pretty thick with curry and a slightly spicy ketchup sauce.  It reminded me of Umami although the sauces perhaps lacked a little more fire than others who have tried a similar menu deal.  The burger looked pretty fascinating - a nicely cooked patty, duck bacon, a fried egg on a sesame seed bun.  The duck bacon was excellent in itself and the fried egg was a nice complement.  Perhaps I felt the burger lacked a certain kick of flavor along with the fairly dry bun.  The burger felt like it should have melted in my mouth but only the bacon/fried egg did.  Unfortunately, the end result was a so-so taste experience.   It isn't to say the restaurant is bad persay - I just believe that the burger I had was a bit overhyped for what I was finally expecting.  It's definitely a cool joint that is worth checking out for burger fans and shouldn't completely destroy your wallet.  I just think I'll give it one more try and look for another burger with a bit more oomph in taste.  [You get 'preferential access' and slightly cheaper prices if you're a Total Rewards member by the way.]
5	I was really excited to try Gordon Ramsay BurGR since I wanted to see what the fuss was about after watching him on Hell's Kitchen.  I was definitely not disappointed!  We ordered:* five spice chicken sliders - it was mixed reviews - half of us liked it and half thought it was only okay.  The chicken was not dry and had a good crispy texture, but the five spice flavor was very strong *honey-pig bao bun - delicious, delicious, DELICIOUS!  Not super sweet but all the condiments went together very well*earth burger - I love meat patties, but this Portobello mushroom patty can really convert me!  it was so packed with flavor and was juicy to the bite.  I would definitely get this burger again!* farm burger - the patty was cooked to what was ordered and the egg, duck bacon, everything worked well together* truffle parmesan fries - a little salty, but the garlic, parmesan, and truffle work well together *shake #5: chocolate hazelnut pudding + coffee shake + praline cookie - this was my FAVORITE from a great meal.  It was everything I was hoping it would be - sweet, but yummy coffee flavor and complimented the meal.  We passed this around the table and everyone agreed it was a favorite.* sticky toffee pudding push up pop - I was a little disappointed with this since I have been waiting to try the famous sticky toffee pudding Gordon Ramsay is known for, but if the little bit that was in this push-pop is what it tastes like, I think I can pass on it.  There wasn't any specific thing that was bad about this it just wasn't terrific.  After the shake, this was just a little of a let down.Overall, I would definitely come back if I am ever wanting a good burger and great milk shake.  They don't take reservations, so be ready to wait.  There were five of us and we waited 45 minutes - this was on a Saturday night at 6PM
4	I would give this  3.5 stars if I could.  Atmosphere - It was nice and gave it a little fun tone to it.Food - I got the farm burger which was decent.  The patty was a little salty so I was  little disappointed.  The truffle fries were AMAZZZING!! Service - Our waiter was attentive and had great suggestions on the menu.Maybe I had high hopes for the burger and I'm being a bit harsh but I'll be back to give   a second try in case it was a bad night for patties.
4	Food: Euro Burgr- Delish! Though I wish I had ordered it cooked medium vs medium-well.  (I feel the flavor of the meat was muted because of this).  Goat cheese  and arugula is ALWAYS a good idea.Parmesan truffle fries were SO good! get them!The atmosphere was on point.  From the service, menus, and even the silverware (yes, the silverware!) we were definitely in for an experience.
5	I bad the farm burger with the egg over easy... it was so good.... and the duck breast bacon on tgere was to die for!!!!
5	Great service, great food, amazing atmosphere! Make sure you have the sweet potato fries with powdered sugar!
2	We wouldn't go back! The food was overly priced and not very good at all! We ordered the hog burger and the fish sandwich fries and onion rings with 2 beers and it was 75 dollars! Ridiculous! Unless u have a fancy palate don't go here go to steak by Gordon Ramsey and get a good meal. The stars were for the waitress she was great
5	Delightful experience.  Alex ( with glasses) was tremendous, making recommendations that made our dinner experience better than we hoped.
4	Check-in was quick (for 2) we sat down and order in less than 5 mins, but it took 40mins to get our food, I had the Uber Cheese Burger and damn it was juicy, also had the Regular fries and the curry ketchup had me liking my fingers so good!This place is great, the food is good but the wait is long.
4	I shared a Farm Burger, Parmesan Truffle fries and the sticky toffee pudding push pops with my husband for our Valentine's Day lunch. The Farm Burger has duck breast bacon, cheddar cheese and a fried egg on a brioche bun. We ordered it medium but it was more like a medium rare burger but it was delicious regardless and we loved it. The Parmesan Truffle Fries were very good and came with an aioli sauce that was very tasty.  We ordered the sticky toffee pudding push pops because we thought it would be more like the sticky toffee pudding at Gordon Ramsey's Steakhouse at Paris next to Planet Hollywood but it wasn't.  The sticky toffee pudding at Gordon Ramsey's Steakhouse is one of the best desserts I've ever had.  This dessert at Burgr was just ok for me. It was like a brownie ice cream push pop and was a little too sweet for me. Kids might like it!  Service was good and our overall dining experience was excellent. If you sign up for a free Total Rewards players card at Planet Hollywood you can get $1 off each dish and if you have enough points you can use it to pay for your meal. The Farm Burger was $14, Parmesan Truffle Fries $10 and Sticky Toffee Push Pops $6 (prices with a Total Rewards card).  I would recommend this place and will be dining here again.
1	Well,  I was  ready for a superior burger at BurGR. I'm a huge Gordon Ramsey fan and was sure I would be writing a great review. Not so!  Old Gordon dropped his standards.  The burger was not flavorful and the truffle fries were undercooked and greasy. Probably better than the one rating,  but this is a Gordon Ramsey restaurant so the expectations were high. Go to BLT instead. Gordon - I know you're making a lot of money and building a brand,  but you need to keep the standards high.  If you don't change things,  you may find BurGR on kitchen nightmares.
5	My family and I are HUGE fans of Gordon Ramsey. We went to Vegas last month and decided we had to try Burgr. When we got there there was a 1 1/2 hr wait. However, they took our cell phone # and said they would text us when it was time. PERFECT! We didn't have to wait around. We walked over to the Bellagio and then did some shopping near Planet Hollywood. Soon enough our text came in and we went back to Burgr. This was hands down the BEST burger I've ever had. I've been on a quest for a great burger and I was not disappointed. We got fries and onion rings to split and the onion rings were really good. However, the burger is so filling that we could have skipped that. I got a burger with foggy onion jam and my husband and oldest daughter got duck breast bacon on their burgers. My youngest daughter likes a very plain burger but with ketchup. She said she didn't even need ketchup because her burger was so good. They were all just so delicious! The only thing that would have made this place better were if Chef Ramsey were there!
4	The food was pretty good and the service was really good. It's interesting using the iPad to look at their menu haha and the sweet potato fries are really good too!
4	Only reason for the 4 stars & not 5 is the wait is crazy long!  But I'll tell you it's worth the wait!  It's to be expected to wait a long time anywhere worth eating at in Vegas. As a local I'd rather stay away from the strip but I'd brave the tourists & crowds any day for this place!!  The food we had was amazingly delightful!  The shake we had at the end was out of this world!  It was a creamy goodness that I had never experienced before. I was left wondering how they achieved it.  Even if you're stuffed get one just to see what I'm talking about. It'll blow your mind ;)
5	This place is incredible!We had the pork bun app and split it and it was so flavorful and tasty. then we split the Euro Burger and my husband said it was the best burger he had ever had and he eats out all the time. For desert the Sticky Toffee Pops they were fun to have a gourmet push up with toffee, brownie and ice cream. We walked away stuffed and happy!
5	Wait was not as long as expected (around 25 mins) and they even send texts to your phone as your table is ready, a very nice opportunity to walk around rather than wasting time standing in a line. I ordered the Chanterelle burger, Truffle Parmesan fries, and a chocolate shake. The burger was fantastic, one of the best I've ever had. The fries were good as well but a bit strong for my taste. They were good due to the refreshing experience the fries offered; never before have I tasted anything like it. The shake was top notch as well. The bill holder is fitted with an iPod touch so customers can conveniently leave their remarks. The table I sat at seemed a bit close to other patrons on both sides of me, sort of like a speed dating row of tables. But I didn't find it uncomfortable. It sometimes gave my party a chance to recommend a good dish to someone just being seated. I'm sure it could also work vice versa. I had a wonderful experience at BurGR. Couldn't recommend it any more.
5	Excellent service! I never had to ask for a drink refill, my waitress sensed when I was almost done with my and refilled. My friend and I decided to share the hog burger and the farm burger. The taste of the farm burger was fabulous! The combination of the egg with the duck bacon created a festival of flavors in my mouth! On the opposite side, the hog burger was more subtle in flavor but the apple butter gave it a nice sweet subtle flavor. I enjoyed both and highly recommend them.
5	As I was walking into Planet Hollywood I noticed a long line at Gordon Ramsay Burger and thought noway am I waiting in that line for a burger. The line wait was 45 minutes long but THE BAR was EMPTY. So I ask the host if its okay if we sit there and she said yes. I got the same food as everyone waiting in line with much better service. The bartender/waiter was great. I had the Farm Burger with Truffle Parmesan Fries and my girlfriend had the Hells Kitchen Burger with Beer Battered Onion Rings. We also had some cocktails that the bartender made to perfection (with lots of alcohol ;) . Everything about our visit to Gordon Ramsay Burger was phenomenal. Food and service were both great.Next time your in Vegas and want a good burger, this is the place to go! Just remember to look for seating at the bar if you don't have the patience to wait in line for over 30 minutes. 5 star for sure, best burgers I've ever tasted.
1	Being vegan, me and my wife ordered Earth Burger (veggie) and to be honest this was the worst burger we have ever eaten. $15 for such a crap. On top of that they won't even serve you any sides. Serving size is also small. I am not going to this place again ever !If you want some really awesome burger, try Veggie Burger in Grand Luxe Cafe in Venetian or Palazzo. You will love it.
5	Burgers are awesome....perfectly cooked to your preference. Fish and crisps also a must try. Simple, with high quality ingredients and perfectly executed! Often more than 40mn wait. Just ask to sit at the bar. Always some room there and you will enjoy prime view on a well orchestrated kitchen.
5	Best Classic burger Ive ever had!!  I'm a huge in n out fan, and search the world for the best gourmet burgers.  This was hands down AMAZING. -Juicy, perfect amount of cheese and seasoning.  I loved Gordon already, but he knows his BurGR!
4	TASTY! We randomly decided to go here for late lunch the beginning of the month on a little Vegas getaway with my honey. Made it to Planet Hollywood to find a pretty long line.... We decided to wait it out, and we only ended up waiting about 25 minutes or so which was not terrible. I had the Euro Burger had a number of different flavors which went very well together. My other half had the Hell's Kitchen Burger. I had a bite it was ok.. I was expecting more spice and more intense flavors but it was tasty. The burger patty was seasoned well and of course cooked perfectly to our taste of medium, but In all honesty (i am a true carb lover) the best part of the burger was the bun. We also ordered onion rings and parmesan and truffle french fries. The onion rings were delicious, definitely freshly fried. On top of food we added one drink each and after all of that let me tell you we were very full. We expected a huge bill but it was right around $70 which was not terrible at all considering we had drinks and were leaving absolutely stuffed. Service was great!
5	Honestly, one of the best burger restaurants ever. The line is typically long, but my family and I were able to rush over before the Britney Spears concert let out. Even if we had to wait an hour or so, it would be well worth it.The restaurant is hip and fun with great staff. There is a lot of attention to details, many of which are "hidden" unless you look more closely; i.e., the spiral elements along the ceiling replicate cow bones. BurGR is what you would expect to find in a Planet Hollywood and the designer did a great job creating a great casual atmosphere.Ramsey's menu is incredible. Not only did he obviously focus on burgers, but other fare for all to enjoy. You have a lot of burger choices which is the real reason to visit of course, They are all fantastic with the freshest ingredients and the best buns ever. Just don't miss out on the Truffle Parmesan Fries (you can share an order of these because they are huge).
5	Really good place to go and eat.  A little pricey but it's worth it.  Service is amazing.
2	This place is overrated. I have been here twice to eat dinner with few friends and the flavors are honestly whatever. I would much rather have In & Out over this place.Burgers I have tried:Hell's Kitchen Burger - little bit of kick to it but nothing to write home aboutAmerican Burger - just a standard burger that costs $13 dollars. I could have grilled something like this in my backyard.Sides: Truffle Parmesan Fries - these are below average truffle fries. I've had good truffle fries and these have a very very light truffle flavoring. Not Good. The dipping sauce is good.Just Fries - these are standard french fries. Can't go wrong with this.There are much better Burger places in L.A. that are half the cost then this place. Holstein's at Cosmo is much better.
5	I live in the Las Vegas area and have dined here twice since I moved here 5 months ago. The first time I ate here was in December of 2013. Immediately after we were sat, our server (I don't recall his name because it has been a couple months, but he reminded me of Aladdin) went over the iPad drink menu with us and was EXTREMELY knowledgeable of each specialty drink, wine, and beer selection. He didn't just know the basics, he knew every intricate detail that went into making that cocktail, the process the went into giving each wine its distinct flavor, and was able to describe all the intricacies that went into brewing each particular beer. During his descriptions, he walked us through how to navigate the iPad drink menu as well, which I'm sure is extremely beneficial to any folk that might not be familiar with Apple products. He was also an expert on the food menu items as well and was able to guide us and provide recommendations that best suited each of us. I ended up trying the Hell's Kitchen Burger and split orders of Sweet Potato Fries and Truffle Parmesan Fries with my friends. Since the burgers themselves don't come with fries, you have to order the fries separately as if they were an appetizer. Since the fries didn't come with the burger, I expected them to come out earlier before the burger was brought out, however, they arrived at the same time of the burgers and we had to wait a couple extra minutes for the last side of Sweet Potato fries to show up. Other than that, the food was absolutely PHENOMENAL!! The Truffle Parmesan Fries were outstanding and the dipping sauce complimented the flavor of the fries. The Sweet Potato Fries were BY FAR my favorite, definitely the best fries I have ever tried in my life. They some with powdered sugar to sprinkle on the fries. I'm no chef and I certainly would never have thought to pair sweet potato fries with powdered sugar, but it was delicious! The Hell's Kitchen Burger did not disappoint either. Everything was cooked to perfection. Overall, our experience at BurGr was fantastic! From our server, to the cooks, to the friendly and helpful busser, Kelly, BurGr definitely lives up to the service expectations out in Las Vegas. The fire fixture ties in well with the ambiance and is definitely eye-catching for anyone passing through the casino.
5	If you want a great service and food experience on a modest budget, BurGR is a great way to explore the Gordon Ramsay style of service and cooking without breaking the bank.  You get the knowledgeable servers and great tasting food (although, in the end, it is still a burger, which no matter how well you do it doesn't compare to, say, Wagyu or Kobe beef filets).  We came in mid week at 7pm and waited less than 10 minutes to be seated.  It's not a restaurant for privacy, no, but overall an excellent experience.
4	I told Jacqueline R.  that I would go try this place.  And I finally did!To clarify, this one is not the Gordon Ramsey burger joint over at Planet Hollywood with 20 different choices.  This one only has four burger/ sandwiches in the category.  We were confused after 45 minutes of walk on the strip.  Tired, hungry... And found out that the place was fully booked for the night and the receptionist had stopped taking reservations!  She saw the devastation on our faces and immediately said, "you can always sit at the bar!"  So we did.Interior design-- spacious, modern, British simplicity and elegance.There are about 200 Beer kegs on one side of the wall indicating a wide selection of brews available at the bar.Staff-- cool, friendly, knowledgable.I couldn't help asking about the uniform-- black & white short sleeve collared jersey with printed houndstooth design, skinny jeans in pumpkin spice color.  It takes some guts to put on these very bold outfit everyday, guys!  Well, they hate it.  But the irrelevant colors attract attention for sure.  Well, I took the bartender's recommendation and ordered the lamb burger.  This item was AMAZING.The bun was unbelievably soft.  The goat cheese and lamb dissolved on my tongue and went down like a fast train.  I usually hesitate with the combo of lamb and goat cheese because the smell could be easily overwhelming.  The ingredient used here were apparently superior.  There was no scent of lamb or goat for my anxiety.  A very successful dish!  And I loved the fries too.Drink-- "Goodbye Blue Sky"Champaign, berry juice, vodka, 2 big blue berries on top with a twist of orange peel.  Bubbly and fruity,  it was delightful.I'm glad I came here.  I would definitely come back!
2	I have been here 4 times, and have loved it every single time. Except this time... The bald Asian General Manager is no longer there and the place has gone down hill since then. Our food took over 30 minutes to get to us, not to mention our food was cold..! 3 tables that ordered their food after us, finished their food and left before we even received our food. The "new" GM apologized for our extensive ticket time and wished us a tasty meal. The food itself was good, but don't tell me it'll be out in 15 min when it's going to take 45-50 minutes. The management needs some attentions ASAP!!!!!!!! Get the big Asian back in the house because the short Caucasian guy with the glasses isn't cutting it. He didn't make a good experience for my friends bday weekend/ first time dining there..PS: the waitress Cali is awesome, request her if you can
4	We came here pretty late at night on a Sunday and got seated within 10-15 minutes. My husband and I decided on the Fish Sandwich and regular fries to share (I know...ordering a Fish Sandwich at a Burger Joint..but we are both super picky about burgers). Well, lucky for us after one bite, we both proclaimed BEST. FISH. SANDWICH we have ever had!!! So for you pescatarians out there, you will be in heaven. The fish is fresh, buttery and crisp, the bun is nicely toasted, the crunchy salted vinegar chips on top add wonderful texture and the tartar sauce is creamy with a nice lemony zing. I thought the fries were decent too, my husband liked the smokey tomatoey ketchup they came with. We decided to come back the next day and order the same thing for lunch - but as most sequels - it did not taste AS wonderful as the first.
4	We split the chanterelle mushroom burger with truffle fries. The fries are insanely good. The burger was awesome...totally worth the price.  Their specialty cocktail drinks are actually worth the $12 pricetag as they deliver on flavor and punch.Would definitely return even though service was a little slow because they said the kitchen was backed up. Not a problem...take your time....produce good food and it's worth the wait!
4	The place is good with beautiful waitresses and the food is amazing! The cocktails were good too especially the slimy screw...wow! Must go for the cute waitresses at least ;-)
5	Fantastic. I had the parmesan truffle fries, which are a must. Normally I don't like onion rings, but I could eat their onion rings for days. The duck bacon burger was amazing even when I heated up the leftovers the next day. I will definitely be coming back.
2	We came here tonight looking forward to an amazing burger. On a scale of one to ten I give my burger a six.  The food took forever to come out, and I mean a LONG TIME, when it did come out the fried egg on my burger was cold and the yolk was hard, the meat was salty and so so.  My wife actually left over half her patty.  The truffle fries were incredible.  The sweet potato fries were tasty but also cold.  Overall for the money a major disappointment. We waited.  45 minutes for a table and then almost an hour for our food. We will NOT visit this place again, there are too many other burger houses in town that truly serve a real good burger.  GR BURGR isn't one of them
4	Delicious burger. Loved the truffle parmesan fries. Service was slow and the kitchen was backed up (ie empty drinks and 30 minutes for a burger).
5	WOOOOOOW UMMMMMMM... did I already say WOOOOOW??We waited about 25-30 minutes to be seated on a Friday afternoon/evening/ My group ordered Jalapeno Poppers, and I ordered Hell's Kitchen Burger for myself. The Jalapeno Poppers- I can't really say it was good or bad although the sauce was really delicious. Out of the 6 poppers, I got the "special" one, which turned out to be EXTREMELY SPICY!!! OH CRAP. I never got to taste a regular one so I don't know what it's supposed to taste like.. Hell's Kitchen Burger-  my mouth was still burning from the special popper, and I don't normally eat spicy food, but I really wanted to try Hell's Kitchen burger, which is supposed to be somewhat spicy. so I asked our attentive and energetic waiter to put less jalapenos in my burger. The burger still tasted amazing even with less jalapenos. I was a little worried if it was going to be bland, but it wasn't! Oh, how I wished I could finish the burger...I only ate half of it and forgot about the other half and left it in my suite for 2 days! I had to throw it away of course.... I wanted to cry. :'( I must come back here...
2	Gordon Ramsay, HAVE YOU EVEN VISITED YOUR OWN RESTAURANT? Stop with the kitchen nightmares and improve this place first! As a huge MasterChef fan, I was really hoping BurGR would live up to its hype, but really everything is sooooo average and overpriced to boot. The patty is pretty tasteless with a weird texture, which is surprising given that I asked for it medium rare and it's supposed to be cooked over some smoky apple wood or something else exotic. Pretty sure all of the 5 stars are from people who have had one too many fat tuesdays (which is also in pH and a wayy better bang for your buck) On the plus side, great service and cool menu design! The fries were pretty good and +1 HUGE star for the aioli that it came with.
3	I was dying to eat at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  So naturally when I saw the flaming sign from across the casino, I had to jump at the chance!My friend and I decided to come here around 11pm after the Britney Spears 'Piece of Me' concert.  It was packed.  35 minute wait for a table.  Wow.  Must be delicious!After we are seated, we become familiar with the menu and quickly made our selections.  The process of ordering a drink is rather odd and inconvenient.  The waiter brings over an iPad and scrolls through every drink, explaining what it is in and then leaves you with it to make your selection.  When he returns, he ignores what was put into the iPad and just asks what we want to drink and writes it down...He made some recommendations for the burGRs and we placed our order......Bueller?  Bueller?  I mean... Waiter?  Waiter?  Where is the food?Unfortunately the wait for our two burGRs was over a half hour.  They must be butchering my cow to order out there... geesh.The food however, was delicious and cooked to perfection.  This place would EASILY earn 5 stars from me if the service was just a tad bit better.  Servers need to be a bit more attentive, I noticed the same aggravation at the tables around me.As much as I enjoyed my burGR - I don't know that I'd choose to make a 1.5hr ordeal for it.
5	I am giving this place 5 stars because I am the person that says, "there's only so much you can do with a hamburger" but this place proved me wrong.  I have always seen the "fried egg" on a burger option but never thought it sounded too good.  Being here though, I wanted to try something new and ordered it.  Wholly Cow!  (pun intended)  It was an amazing hamburger.  I can't wait to go back.  None of use were real thrilled with the fries but we did finish off our first round of onion rings and asked for a second order before we were done.  Our waiter was friendly and we couldn't have asked for better service.  They had a line but we just gave them my mobile number and they text me just before our table was ready so we were able to go up to the room real quick before dinner.  Everyone at my table was loving dinner that night.
1	Spent $140.00 including tip on 4 burgers, 1order fries ( shared by whole family), 1beer, 2 shakes, and 1appetizer(fried, stuffed jalepenos were totally room temperature).... better places to get burgers....I'd recommend BJ's instead...several locations in Vegas where u can pay $11 instead of $18, on a waaaay better burger...service was great though
5	Hungry and winning in Las Vegas, I knew I had to find food. After seeing a fellow yelper's review about this place (Hi Jacqueline R), I knew I had to try it out but I didn't expect to be in love!!! Located inside Planet Hollywood, we walked in to find a long line standing next to the restaurants name in flames of fire! Exciting!!! We waited a few minutes before being seated. The place has a nice feel to it without being too overwhelming. It's very modern and spacious. It gets even more modern once you get to place your order, which is placed thanks to an Ipad.. yes you read that right, on an Ipad!! So cool. Our waiter came over and gave us a brief rundown on highlighted menu items. While scrolling through the menu we decided we would share our meal.We ordered:*Truffle Parmesan Fries $11- HIGHLY recommended! Crisp, tasty, not oily at all. The truffle salt and parmesan, the amazing taste of these fries truly blew me away.  Outstanding! Some of the best fries ever! And for sure hard to share since I totally wanted to eat the whole thing myself. I love that the cheese was evenly spread out through out the whole cone of fries, which allowed us to get our fair share of cheese with each bite. The dipping sauce/truffle aioli was also pretty tasty.   (10/10)*Euro Burger $16- Juicy meat, warm soft delicious bread bun, truffle aioli running down my fingers making me lick the goodness off, some goat cheese, roasted tomatoes and arugula for some greens. Goodness gracious! The quality of this burger is so worth the dollars I spent to get to this burger bliss. The burger was a decent size, I would have been wayyyy full if I ate it all myself but we were pretty satisfied with the portion and decided to leave some room in for more alcohol.  (10/10)*Green tea gin- STRONG flavor of gin in this drink indeed! Had a good buzz going on thanks to this baby. The green tea flavor wasn't as strong as I thought it would be.   (9/10)We were gonna try a shake or the interesting push pops that we saw some people sharing from across our table but they said it wasn't anything too special or highly recommended so we decided to skip out on dessert. There is a professional photographer that comes around and takes pictures of you during your meal which made me feel like a celebrity haha. We decided to not purchase the picture. I thought it was interesting that they offered this service but the photographer himself was very nice and easy going. The customer service of Burgr is truly up to standards. They know how to treat their customers well. They for sure make them feel special and walk out with a happy belly and pretty smile. Would love to come back and get me another burger (maybe the hell's kitchen burger with the jalapeno for the spice and some avocado slices or brittania burger that sounded interesting with mango chutney and sharp cheddar cheese) and my own side of fries to make any Vegas vacation trip an incredible one in my book. Everything I tried here was well worth the price!
5	This restaurant is located inside the casino in Planet Hollywood. The atmosphere is noisy, but this is worth dealing with because of the very excellent food choices as well as interesting drinks. Our server was so personable and knowledgeable about the menu that we tried some things we might not have if we'd not had her advice. The three of us started with some different beers and a wonderful whiskey lemonade cocktail. Then we tried an order of their onion rings. Presentation was beautiful and the taste was the best ever. We had two sauces served with the rings. Amazing! Our burgers were all different and beautifully served. Again, amazing taste! Definitely not your ordinary burgers! I know Gordon Ramsay's passion is taste, presentation, speed of service, and a manageable menu. He delivers excellence here! Everything coming out of the kitchen was beautifully served. We wanted to try an order of the Parmesan Truffle Fries and there were so many, along with two different sauces, that we could not finish them all. This just might have unexpectedly been the best dinner at a restaurant we've ever had.  I would definitely recommend this everyone coming to vegas wanting a phenomenal burger.
5	Excellent burger way too small for the price $$$$$
5	My farm burger was perfection! One of the best burgers I've ever had. I thought this might be an overrated touristy place like Holstein's but that was not the case. I pregamed for the Britney show here, and I avoided a huge line by finding an empty seat at the bar. Had a great time. The beer battered maui onion rings were average, but the burger was too damn good to not give this five stars. Plus, good draft selection and good bartenders.
2	wasn't really impressed with the burgers, felt like they were trying way too hard to be something different, its a burger place, provide quality meat and buns and you're all set! Don't try to re invent the wheel! Decently priced though so its worth to check out at least once to say you have done it. Get the jalapeno poppers!
3	Fortunately the wait for us wasn't that long to be seated.  We entered the restaurant to greet the hostess...that's right...WE greeted the hostesses because they were too busy talking.Hostess takes us to our table.  5 -7 minutes later, waiter shows up.We take our orders...Jalapeno PoppersThere House Hog BurgerFries15-20 mins later....everything comes out at ONCEUmmm...I'm in the restaurant biz too...Appetizers comes out firstSince we are at this small table, only our Fries and Jalapeno poppers fit on the table.  So we had to grab the burger out of the waitresses hands and transfer onto our small plates.Since we're trying to finish everything at once...It was not great.Jalapeno poppers got soggy since the poppers are displayed inside a shot glass with their cheese sauce.Of course...it's cold by now after sitting there for over 5 mins.so we couldn't enjoy that...Our burger was cooked perfectly but it's cold.The apple butter paired perfectly but again, I wish my food was HOTThe fries were SUPER salty and their dipping sauces did not pair well in my opinion with the fries.We didn't see our server the rest of the night, so we couldn't ask him for either additional sauces for the fries and etc.Oh well...I'll be going back to Cali for my Umami Burger....Good bye Vegas
4	holy bejesus, Gordon Ramsay never continues to amaze me. (shout out to Will V. Vleck!!!)Having tried Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill, my next stop on the Gordon Ramsay groupie tour was GR BurGR. After a fast 25 minute wait, my brother and I were seated and greeted by the General manager. I ordered the Euro Burger and my brother ordered the Hog Burger (the waiter raved nonstop about it) and two sides of Parmesan truffle fries. Both Euro and Hog Burgers were amazing. The protein was cooked perfectly and complimented the garnish, cheese and bun. While I loved my Euro Burger, I still thought the burger at GR Pub & Grill was superior (that burger was possibly the best burger I ever had). But my brother loved his  Hog Burger and reviewed it as the BEST BURGER he's ever had.the truffle fries? oh yeah, ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. Staff here puts an absurd amount of Parmesan cheese, an ingredient that I adore greatly. One order of fries is honestly enough to serve two tabletop, because the portions are enormous. two burgers + two fries= $60. SUCCESS!
4	Excellent burgers! Could do without the fries. Definitely try the burgers here. They might take a while but they are worth the wait. Good service as well.
1	5:25 PM 2/28 Regular fries are delicious. Had the Hells Kitchen burger and it was....okay.  The meat wasn't seasoned. I had to add salt and pepper to the actual burger! I ordered my burger medium and it was more on the medium rare side.  I will try it again and order something different.  3 stars****************20 minutes later*****************After all that.  The bartender asked me how I liked my burger and I explained it was good but I asked for medium and it's medium raw so he looked at it and said that the cooks cook it a little under, that's what they do. To this I said medium is medium in any restaurant and if you knew that they cooked under you should've told me when I placed my order so I could order it medium well. At this point he started to get arrogant and began to challenge me so I asked to see the manager.  I explained in full detail the incident to the manager and he not only didn't apologize, he said "I doubt that the bartender...." At that point I was livid and disgusted it that he would've question the incident. He finally apologized (after I asked for one) and comp'd my meal but I wasn't looking for a free meal, I was looking for good service!A few minutes later I walking around and said to my friend "Gordon is a stickler about meats cooked to proper temp-he would never allow his cooks to cook under temp!"No I won't be back.  1 star.
4	My trip to burgr was truly amazing. We showed up at 11 on a Mon.  The servers were smiling and enthusiasm came right thru. We started our meal with jalapeno Popper's. Each Popper had a idividual glass of sauce with it. They were hot but not extreme. The burgers were perfect. They were cooked perfectly with a lightly toasted bun. And the caramel chocolate shake was flavorful and delishius
5	This was the best restaurant I have been to. I haven't been to many fancy places, but that doesn't take away from the fact that the food here was amazing! My friend and I were in Vegas last weekend walking the strip and just happened to see it. There was a small line which was great but it was also 2am. We each got an IPA which was priced well at 8 bucks, and was also delicious. We started with the hummus, and let me tell you, I have had hummus everywhere and this was easily the best I've ever had. It came with bread and fresh grilled veggies both in butter and garlic salt and I never wanted to stop eating it. My friend ordered the Farm Burger which he said was fantastic and I got the Portobello Mushroom Burger, which I've never had before, but at this place is now my all-time favorite burger. I can't even explain how good it was. We also shared fries which were good. The server was fine, nothing amazing but he was very nice. It was expensive for burgers but it didn't matter because we were in Vegas and the food blew our minds. I will now go here every time I go to Vegas, and will try to find more Gordon Ramsay restaurants.
5	Awesome design in the restaurant front with lines of flames in the window. Similar to other restaurants on the strip, they have the system where you leave your number to be texted when a tables almost ready for you. We waited about 40 min but it was well worth it. The blue cheese chicken wing appetizer was solid and the burgers were very strong as well. My farm burger (duck breast bacon, sharp English cheddar, and fried egg) was cooked perfectly and the service was good as well. Drink menu offered via iPad which was a cool touch as well. Pricey but definitely pay a visit if you get a chance
4	Delicious! Best-friend and I came here because we had been watching a lot of Gordon Ramsay and wanted to try out his food. I ordered an American Cheeseburger since I'm pregnant and can't have most of the cheeses on the burgers and didn't want to kill the taste of the burger by asking for a different cheese. My friend ordered the farm burger. We split the parmesan truffle fries. My burger was good! The meat alone was delicious. My friend really liked hers. The fries and the aioli sauce that comes with it were sooooo good! Prices aren't bad either. The soda is $4 which is kinda crazy. Both our burgers were $13 I think. Fries were $8 and just one order was enough for us both. Despite it being so good, I don't feel like it was the most amazing burger ever and I can never eat a burger anywhere else ever again haha. But those fries definitely want me to come back!
5	Great food good menu they had vegetarian options I got a kale salad delicious price was reasonable prices especially for las vegas I will sure to dine here again also got a little coupon for staying at planet hollywood. If your looking for good food great prices and service stop here. Fyi it is all burgers its a burger
5	HOLY MOLY BATMAN this place has the best FISH sandwich I have had in my entire life! Yes best fish sandwich that has entered my mouth...Now why would someone order a fish sandwich at a burger place? Well it is simple:  Upon walking into the restaurants I noticed the burgers that were being served and yes they looked awesome, but my one pet-peeve about burgers is when they are stacked skyscraper high...I prefer to hit the "Easy Button" when I eat burgers and those burgers looked delicious but difficult to eat. So I audible to the fish sandwich, with french fries, and my wife ordered the truffle fries. (We will get to the fries later) The fish sandwich is very fresh, light, crispy on the outside, but juicy and tender on the inside, they top it with thin crunchy chips for a unique texture, and the homemade tartar sauce is just blissful.  I would recommend skipping the truffle fries since I couldn't taste the difference in them compared to the normal fries, and the normal fries come with a smoky chipotle ketchup which is mouth watering (not given with the truffle fries).  This is place is definitely worth the 15-20 minutes it takes to get seated, trust me you won't be disappointed. Next time I want to try to their milkshakes, those looked extra yummy as well.
5	MMMMM pretty yummy! Some odd sounding burgers.but pretty good. I regret not stepping out of the box and ordering some thing else.
4	This place has for sure become my FAVORITE burger place here in Vegas!!! I love their burgers!! But I hate their wait!!! It gets really packed sometimes with a crazy line outside and they do NOT take reservations : (Yet I will still go there and wait to have a burgers.I have liked the appetizers I had tried there like the onion ring tower,and  jalapeno poppers, BUT I do think the appetizers are really worth it for the price... but that could be me because I am not crazy about fried food groups. Service and staff are excellent!!! AND THEIR SHAKES!!!
5	Easily the best burger I've ever had! EVER!I went on a Saturday with the boyfriend and luckily the wait for 2 was about 40 minutes. Could've been seated within 20 minutes but we decide to wait for a table. Be sure to check in at the front before you wait in the line they have marked off. The line was only for parties of 2. If you had 3 or more the wait was about 2 and a half hours long. (note to self: never come with a party of 3 or more)Moving on to the food. We got onion rings for an appetizer. The onion rings were amazing. I'm not usually a big fan of onion rings because I hate when I take one bite the whole onion ends up coming out of the bread and I'm left with just bread and no onion inside. Their onion rings are a different story. They didn't feel oily like other onion rings as well. The dipping sauce made them taste even better.I got the Farm Burger, which I highly highly recommend. It comes with duck breast bacon (never had this before but it was delicious), English sharp cheddar, and a fried egg. My boyfriend got the Uber Cheese Burger which just came with three different cheeses. Sounded really plain but it was the best plain burger I've had. Both burgers were so moist and full of flavors. Thinking about it makes me want to drive up to Vegas right now just for the burgers. We also ordered the truffle fries. They were good but I've had better truffle fries before.Overall our dinner experience was wonderful. Our total came out to be about $68 that's with 2 beers, an appetizer, 2 burgers, and a side of fries. We were way past full at the end of the meal so we weren't able to try the dessert. Which just means we'll have to go back. This place is definitely my top recommendation for anyone staying in Vegas.
4	I am still fantasizing about those jalapeno poppers - wow, they were delicious. The first time they came out, however, they were still ice cold in the middle. Gordon wouldn't approve! The burgers were really, tasty. Our server was absolutely great. We will be back in Vegas soon, and are definitely coming back.
2	The service was super super slow.. We set down for a good 15 minutes before we were even given water.. The food was just okay I wouldn't recommend this place
3	Greeted nicely and promptly when we arrived. Service was polite and good, food was very pricey: 2 burgers, wings, 3 beers...$70 plus tip...WOW!Typically I don't mind paying and never complain about price, I just think this was way over the top.
3	Service was polite and friendly, short wait to get in but I noticed they've perfected the art of flipping tables. They're very efficient here.The food: really good Britannia burger but not mind blowing. The regular fries I had were standard issue but the ketchup with coconut? in it was a nice touch.WAY overpriced. For $14 for the burger only, it better be "man sized" or "blow your mind" and this one was neither. I mean, be expensive but not greedy, we're already paying a premium to eat your food. Had I not had fries, I would have left hungry still.I think you'd be hard pressed to find anywhere else that you'd pay $45 (with tip) for a burger, fries and 2 beers.
5	When there is a line of 50+ you know it has to be good, especially since Gordon Ramsey put his name on it!  I had the Brittania Burger and my friend had the Euro burger.  SO GOOD! Vegas is a dump, but this restaurant rocked.  We were in town for WPPI and didn't want to venture far from the MGM.  Good choice.
5	This place is awesome! Fun atmosphere, delicious food, and reasonable price! FYI if you are a Diamond or Seven Stars member of the Ceasars Rewards program they have reserved tables for you and you don't have to wait in line. I tried this the second to last day of my stay and like it so much went back for lunch the next day. The Hummus is amazing, and it comes with pita and assorted veggies to dip.  The veggies are unique, I couldn't really tell exactly what they were but I think I had a baby yellow carrot. It bursted with flavor. We also tried the chicken sliders, they were just the right size. The chicken was perfectly cooked an moist. I usually don't like chicken in restaurants because they over cook it and make it dry. The day prior we had a burger that had some type of chutney on it and we added avocado. Wow!!!! No wonder this place is called BurgR they got it down!!! If you come here make sure you try a burger even if you have to split with someone because you are missing out otherwise. Now both I got the wings as well. They have a unique sauce on them that also goes well with the fries. We ordered extra. Don't worry they aren't too spicy at all in fact the flavor is so unique you will just keep eating them trying to figure out exactly what makes them so delicious. The service here is top notch. The men all wear jeans, and nice clean cut form fitting shirts. And the women had either skirts or pants. It was cute because all wore uniforms but not your typical uniforms. And they sported them like they enjoyed wearing them as well. All the waiters and waitress's appeared to be in athletic shape and well groomed. The service was impeccable and they constantly insured we were well taken care of. I will probably get something here upon every stay now. Delicous! Awesome Job to the Gordon Ramsay Burger Team! You are all doing amazing!!!!
5	Ramsay's BurGR is hands down the best burger restaurant I've eaten at in Vegas. One word of caution, BurGR does not take reservations, so expect a long wait. We went on a Saturday night and had about an hour and 20 minute wait. They take your phone number and text you when your table is ready, so you can walk around the casino or the miracle mile shops while you're waiting.  Now on to the food:Fries and Onion Rings - We were really hungry, so we did an order of the truffle fries and the onion rings as appetizers.  The fries are thick and hand-cut, I usually prefer thinner fries but these were very good.  Plus, they came with a killer truffle aioli sauce that was simply amazing.  The aioli was so good that my wife asked for a side of it to put on her burger.  The onion rings were beer-battered and almost tempura-style, so they were nice and crispy.  The maui onions gave them a good flavor and they came with a tasty homemade ranch sauce.Burgers - Per our server's recommendation, I had the Farm burger (duck bacon, cheddar, fried egg) and it was amazing.  The meat was juicy and a perfect pink medium throughout, the fried egg was runny and just added to the juiciness of the burger.  The duck bacon added a nice flavor, it tasted a bit like pastrami.    My wife had the Chanterelle, which came smothered in a delicious onion jam.  Shakes & Dessert - The shakes here are very unique as the come with pudding as the top layer.  It's an interesting combination that just works, our Shake #1 (caramel pudding & chocolate ice cream) was so good I wanted another one!  For dessert we had the sticky toffee pudding pops, which I would not get again.  They come with a peanut ice cream that is extremely peanutty and kind of overwhelming.  The sticky toffee is frozen and chewy and doesn't really have any flavor at all.  I would definitely skip the toffee pops and stick with the shakes.  Service was good throughout our meal, and we even had a manager stop by and chat with us for a few minutes.  Overall it was a fantastic experience and I would highly recommend it to anyone that loves burgers.
4	Food is fantastic...think "gourmet burger". It'll run you around $14 or so for a burger but they are creatively put together and taste great. Salads and fries are amazing as well. The biggest complaint I have is that the wait can get excessively long and when you peek into the restaurant and see all the empty tables it can get frustrating. Not sure if they are just not properly staffing the place or the fact that the waitresses spend 10 minutes using an iPad to try to upsell you that is causing the delay, but all in all the service was just ok, while the food was great!
4	OMG, so yummy.... lol We got reg cheeseburgers, they were cooked perfectly, one order of steak fries which were plenty for us. we will definitely return next time i'm in vegas. ; )
4	The blue cheese burger was amazing. Still craving it 2 days later. No appetizer is needed as the portions are huge.  Go with the onion rings over the fries and be sure to save some room for the pudding shakes. Great waitstaff, prompt, courteous and all the recommendations were spot on.
5	Oh my goodness. These burgers certainly lived up to the hype. My boyfriend and I shared onion rings to start off the meal. The breading was a little thick for my liking but they were super crispy and fresh out of the fryer. I loved the freshly grated Parmesan on top and the cheesy ranch dipping sauce was tasty. Now the burgers. My boyfriend and I shared the Hell's Kitchen burger and the farm burger. We got both medium rare, which we had never had before. The meat was a bit softer than we had expected but well seasoned and the most flavorful patties I've ever tasted. Next time we would probably get them medium well or well done for texture. I loved the Hell's Kitchen burger which had a slice of avocado, melted white cheese, roasted peppers and tomato, which I thought was a perfect combination. The roasted peppers and tomato gave a great flavor and juicy freshness which made the burger seem a bit lighter. The farm burger was also superb. I loved the egg on top but the duck bacon could have been crispier. The only thing missing on this decadent burger was some crisp lettuce which would have definitely helped balance the rich flavors. The buns was also buttery and delicious. Next time we come to Vegas we'll definitely try one of the dawgs, which we saw someone else get and looked really good, as well as one of those gigantic shakes!
5	We only had to wait 20 mins to get seated.  The onion rings are the bomb.  We split the fish sandwich and it was the best ever.   I couldn't believe how good the and fresh the bread was.  The parmesan fries were ok.  Ill definitely be back!!!
5	Great place for a fabulous burger!  The onion rings are so good!  My husband and I shared the farm burger and the honey-pig bao buns.  The burger was cooked perfectly... Excellent quality ingredients.  The egg was perfect with a runny yolk, duck bacon... Whatever it was good... My only critique is the meat could've used a touch of salt... I'm not sure if it was seasoned.  The bao buns were Tasty! We went right at noon on a Tuesday and sat at the bar.  The lined formed shortly after we arrived.  Of all the burger places to choose from I'm glad we cam here!!
2	Beware of the "Hog Burger"During my recent stay in Las Vegas, we stopped at "Ramsy Burgr" for lunch and I ordered the Hog Burger.  The waitress told me they were served medium (lightly pink inside) and since I never had one before I accepted this.  When the "burger" arrived and I took my first bite! I thought it to be awfully rare and not necessarily tasty.  After a couple more bites I started to be concerned that I was eating raw pork, so I pinch a bit of the meat in the center of what remained and indeed it was a raw as raw can be! Yuck! The waitress confirmed my concern immediately and returned five minutes or so later with a new burger.  By that time my appetite was gone, concerned a food born illness was in my future!  Can you say trichinosis?One would think if your business is to prepare and "cook" food, one would be "good" at it, especially a burger place.  Heck , I am no chef, but I can out cook most restaurants these days with their tasteless expensive creations! Anyway, the "cooked" hog burger was not worth the wait and I found the apple butter and arugula as toppings to be conflicting tastes.  Also, no accommodations were made to our check for this inconvenience.  I would not return again, but others at the table seemed satisfied with their meals.  Nice location on the strip and connected to Hard Rock Hotel. Pricey for what you get, but inline with Las Vegas these days.
4	We went on a Sunday night. They quoted a 45 minute wait but it ended up only being about 25. The burgers were spot on! We both enjoyed our meal & would definitely recommend it to other burger enthusiasts. My burger had mozzarella, avocado & bacon. The fries were great too! It was convenient also since we were staying at Planet Hollywood.
4	Had a 30 minute wait to get in but the time went by quickly as there is a lot to see and do around the restaurant.  I had the Uber Cheeseburger and truffle fries.  My friends had the Hells Kitchen but said it was not hot or spicy.  Burgers are over priced but they have good flavor and great buns!!  The truffle fries are worth every penny and the best I've ever had.  Ended up paying $30 for burger, fries, and an iced tea.
3	I am a huge Chef Gordon Ramsey fan, so naturally I was excited to eat here. The wait was very long. Service was 3.5 out of 5. The food was a s solid 3. The dessert was a 4. Although I feel like I'm committing treason, I can't give them higher than a 3.5 because the burger wasn't the best I had during my stay and the server seemed a little bothered by my visit.
4	WOWZIE DOWZIE!!! Yum yum go get you some! This place is delish. The only reason I didn't do 5 stars is because it was super loud, but hey man you're on the strip- what do you expect right? So we started with the jalapeno poppers. They are served in shot glasses of ranch and a drizzle of a hot pepper sauce. So. Damn. Good. Perfect presentation also- no double dipping, and no man handling of the apps to find the perfect popper. My sister had the spicy hot dog. I think they might case the sausages actually in house. Best quality hot dog I have ever tasted. I had the house burger that came with fire roasted tomato, queso fresco, and chiles. The meat was perfect. The toppings on my burger reminded me of a chile relleno. Our server was awesome- quick& cheerful. We were with a big group so we ordered the parmesan oinion rings, truffle fries, natural fries, and sweet potato fries. They were all stellar. They serve them all with housemade sauces, and the sweet potato fries have a tiny shaker of powdered sugar. I read another review that was complaining about no reservations? We did have reservations, and they took us right on time :) Gordon Ramsey seems kinda douchey on TV, but his BurGR restaurant is freaking GREAT. Love it :) YUM YUM YUM
5	Have you ever bit into something and your eyes rolled back in your head?  Well, maybe not to that extreme, but I did get this feeling that came over me when I bit into the onion ring.   Biting into the burger, I got a similar sensation.  It was excellent.  The next day I went back to try the fish sandwich (we were staying in the hotel).  While I didn't get a rush, it was good and had a quite interesting presence.  Oh, I didn't mention the duck bacon on the burger.  This was my first experience with duck bacon.  It was quite tasty.  It wasn't crispy or anything like pork bacon, just a piece of meat that added more flavor to the burger.  Let's see...what else...Oh, service...Very friendly. The first night there was a wait of about 20 minutes, not too bad.  Second visit was the lunch hour and we walked right in.  This was a Sunday night and Monday afternoon, respectfully.  Servers were pretty quick with the food, but we had to wait for ice tea to brew .  By the time the tea finally came, we were done.  Oh, I forgot the jalapeno poppers I got the second visit.   They were okay.  I love spice, so I wanted to try them.  I didn't particularly like the breading.  They seemed to be popular though, but I wouldn't order them again.So that's it til next time "Loss Wages"!
4	Shake #5, coffee shake with chocolate hazelnut pudding is just something else. But who knows, maybe my friends and I were in a delirious haze after 2 nights of Vegas and anything cold and caffeinated tasted good at that point ;) But honestly, I really liked the pudding that tops off the shake, which is what made it soooo good! I also had the damnation chicken burger which had its pros and cons. Pros-- the chicken patty was seasoned and grilled perfectly! I've never really had a ground chicken patty that's moist and flavorful. Cons- the fiery mayo sauce was kind of nonexistent and the blue cheese was overpowering. I think they may have been a bit heavy handed with it...or I'm just more sensitive to blue cheese than I thought. My friend got the same burger but with blue cheese on the side and she enjoyed it a lot more. Anyway, I can't really come to a burger place and complain about their chicken burgers :) Everyone in my group who got an ACTUAL burger (beef)  loved it. Hope to be back to try some of the other things on the menu!
4	I'm torn about this place. On the one hand, the food is really good but on the other hand the prices are ridiculous. My meal was $35 before tax and tip. So ignoring the prices, the 4-star rating is just for the food. I ordered the farm burger, truffle fries, and Shake #5. I also sampled the jalapeno poppers, soba noodle salad, and sweet potato fries. The burger was really really good and the meat was a perfectly cooked medium! I loved the combination of the duck breast bacon, cheddar, and fried egg on the burger. Although I did feel like I needed some sort of greenery, maybe arugula? The fries were thick and crispy. The truffle parmesan and truffle salt on the fries made it too salty though; it could do with far less seasoning. The shake was incredible! It was creamy and super thick and surprisingly not overly sweet. The jalapeno poppers were yummy but were a kick in the mouth. They were so spicy! I was not expecting my mouth to be on fire. The soba noodle salad was cold and refreshing but if I'm going to BurGR, I'm going to order a burger. The sweet potato fries we nothing extraordinary. I was really thrown off by the dipping sauce. It tasted kind of like vanilla pudding but it was supposed to be a honey jalapeno mayo? Weird...Definitely give BurGR a try because I think it should be experienced at least once.
4	Love the very modern look and feel of the restaurant. The square plates and unique shape of the utensils were very interesting.  We ordered and expensive tea, but it was fresh brewed and really hit the spot.  We decided to start with an appetizer of "Fury of Chicken Wings" - amazing - loved the sweet/hot sauce and the crunchiness of the wings. Great flavor!!! We ordered The Blue Cheese Burger and the Umber Burger.  Wow! Great flavor.  Great mix on the Blue Cheese based on the reviews we did decide to indulge with the Parmesan Fries.  They were delicious but we over ordered by that point and could not eat many.  It was expensive - no doubt about it.....we could have easily halved a burger and cut out the tea and that would have saved us around 23. Bucks.  It was worth it and worth tasting his yummy food!
5	farm burger amazing got coffee shake...heaven in a glass, there was a mix up with our appetizer didn't come til after the  burgers,  manager was right at our table comped the apps! Amazing! Really value their customers! Will come again for sure, my husband got the Chicken Burger, hands down best Chicken sandwich of his life!
5	VISIT! ASAP! ... and let me know which is better: their service or their food.A group of girls and I got lucky and only had to wait 45 minutes for a table (and this was on a Saturday night). Our server was very knowledgeable of the menu and he had a great attitude, very patient. We loved the interactive menu on the iPad that showed pictures of the drinks and merchandise for sale.  I don't know where to start with reviewing the food... We ordered the sweet potato and truffle Parmesan fries. The sauces that came with them were a perfect pairing. My one friend and I shared the Euro and Chanterelle Burgers. I don't want to talk about them; they were that good.
5	Since it's opening, it has become a must-do whenever we are in Vegas. Have tried 3 different burgers, all were amazing. Love the curry and chipotle katsups that come with the thick cut fries. Tried a shake for the first time on our last visit. It tasted delicious, but the pudding on top was an unexpected surprise. Expect a long wait at regular meal times. I always grab a pen at the end-- one more touch I love (twice our waitress brought more pens for us)
5	There farm burger is massive. As you can see from the pictures that have been posted by otters. i enjoyed eating it... it was a good meal at an affordable price...5 stars to everyone!
5	Yes, one million times yes! We stopped in for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and got a table immediately. Our waitress was very nice and knowledgeable about the food but not about the beer (I was unfamiliar with Boddington's and asked if it was a light beer and she asked if I meant "light in color or..." and then told me it was dark. Thankfully I asked for a sample and decided on something else). We ordered two Farm Burgers, which don't come with fries, so we got the truffle parmesan fries too. The burgers were cooked perfectly, one medium and one medium rare, and the toppings were fantastic. The Farm Burger has cheddar, a fried egg, and duck bacon and it was the absolute perfect combination! The fries were great too, served with a few dipping sauces (the aioli is the best).Truthfully the food here was better than the food we got at Gordon Ramsay Steak. I wish Gordon would open a BurGR on the east coast because I really wanted to try the Hell's Kitchen burger too! This is on our list to come back to when we return to Vegas.
4	Huge wait - I think I stood in line for nearly an hour! Server was friendly and seated us quickly once we got to the front though. While standing in line, you might want to stay a bit further from the giant fireplace thing - it's really warm next to it, despite how "cool" it is. Unintended pun.Anyways, I was just thinking about giving this place a 3 because the burgers are nothing special and mine was overcooked, the shakes are decent (adding pudding to them is delicious), and the sweet potato fries were industry standard (with an excellent sauce, but the powdered sugar was not necessary)......but then I remembered the Jalapeno Poppers. Most certainly the best jalapeno popper I've ever had in my entire life. Roasting the jalapeno takes the bitterness of the pepper off, while mellowing out the spiciness a bit. The cheese was deliciously melted when you bit into the popper, which was also nicely fried and crunchy. The choice to use half a jalapeno prevents the possible "slide out", as well as making sure the cheese is the first flavor to come through, and not overwhelmed. And lastly, the hellfire ranch sauce the poppers are served in couldn't be beat - housemade ranch with hot sauce? Bomb.comMake sure you bring your TotalRewards Card! You can get $1 off every item you order (which should just be 2 jalapeno poppers and a milkshake, forget the burgers).
4	I walked in here to try out a burger, but after my best friend getting food poising from a burger the night before I changed my mind and got a salad instead.The chicken noodle salad to be exact.It was heavenly. It had avocado's, edamame, noodles, and other spicy things that made my mouth sing.I was seated straight away at the bar - this could be because I was on my own which was great because I was on time restrictions being that I needed to fly out of Vegas that afternoon.The guy behind the bar was lovely and attentive. However I guess you come here for the food no? Worth a visit.
5	I wasn't sure if the long line was going to be worth it but it is.  Everyone is super friendly,  helpful and that wasn't the best part.  As a burger eating person I can tell you it was the best burger I've ever had.   Juicy, flavorful and absolutely perfect.  I had a shake and it was just as amazing.  Then you add fries and you couldn't ask for a better meal.  Powered sugar on fries was strange but everything went perfectly together.  Say what you want about Gordon Ramsay but he's a genius.
4	My husband had to work so I went on my own.  Sat at the bar, and was happy the bartenders were friendly.  I asked what cider they had on tap and was given an option of pear, and apple (angry orchard).  Thank you to Raul who was pleasant, amiable, and knowledgeable.I enjoyed my Hell's Kitchen burger.  The cheese was delicious, and the jalapano was very tasty.  I did have an issue with the jalapeno size.  It was left whole (butterflied) and when I took the first bite if my burger I pulled the entire pepper out.As a side note, the fries are DEFINITELY a share-between-two-people size.  Possibly three.
3	Im a huge fan of GR ... and the food here was really good  - burger cooked to perfection... but 14 bucks for a burger and you don't even get fries with that???The burger is good - but its not 14 dollars good. the coffee milkshake is amazing
5	Amazing food! Yes the wait was long, but most buffets and restaurants have long waits on a Sunday. Our waiter wasn't just friendly, but also knew about everything on the menu and gave us some great recommendations. I ended up ordering the Farm Burger and truffle fries. You have to try it. Delicious! Definitely coming back to try the other burgers on their menu and to get more of their fries!
3	Have to go with a three star here. Service was great the food was hit or miss. I've had better burgers here in Philly. Michelle, the MIL and I noticed a long line along the side of the restaurant so I approached the hostess stand and asked for a table. We were seated immediately so I have no idea why there was this long strange line. Perused the menu and the cool IPad drink menu and off we went. A nice selection of brews fromaround the world. Ordered the truffle Parmesan fries with the truffle aioli. Let me tell you how good these fries were and that aioli. I probably could have put that on a turd and it would be fantastic. I wanted to bathe in it. Also ordered the onion rings with chipolte ketchup and cheddar ranch dip. Again solid option, Nice and crisp with just the right bite. The girls went with the blue burgers and I the the hog burger. The hog was mangalitsa pork, english sharp cheddar, apple butter and arugula. Nice flavor but wasn't that impressed. We did not order dessert. Overall it was good but we've had better burgers back at home.
3	I stopped by this place with some coworkers. The wait was crazy long and finally we got seated after 2 hours. The burgers were decent and drinks were OK. I am not sure what the hype is but the gourmet burgers are pricey and not that great.
5	The burgers are delicious. The fries are amazing. But what really got me....the wings! They were so delicious I regret not ordering more!
4	GORDON RAMSAY TREBLEJoe's Cable Car vs. Gordon Ramsay BurGR(like Hawaii vs. Georgia in the Sugar Bowl)Last month I went to Vegas and ate at two Gordon Ramsay's eatery: Pub & Grill (Caesars Palace) and Steak (Paris Las Vegas). I was never able eat at his burger joint. If I ever went back to Vegas this burger joint was one of my destination. Well that day came this TuesdayIn another matter last week I ate at a San Francisco burger intuition Joe's Cable Car that had been opened for over 40 years, but closed it's doors for good last Sunday. My eating experience at Joe's Cable Car was comical because the burger was a rip off. I'm a big fan of mom and pop eateries as long as they don't charge "big boy" prices. By charging those type of prices suggest their food is world class. If that's the case their food should be scrutinized. Is it unfair to compare a burger from a mom and pop versus a Michelin Star? From the outset yes, but if the prices are similar no. If I had to put a sport analogy it would be during the BCS college football era where mid major schools that were undefeated during the regular season would lobby to get into a BCS bowl game. Those teams who do get to play in a BCS bowl games better show up against their opponents otherwise they will get embarrassed and be ridiculed for their BCS birth. A great example is the 2008 Sugar Bowl where Hawaii, a mid major team, was blown out by Georgia. However going to Joe's Cable Car provided me a great reference what to order at Gordon Ramsay BurGR. There are a lot of different varieties of burgers at Gordon Ramsay BurGR, but I wanted a burger that was similar in style to Joe's Cable Car for comparison. In fact I ordered 3 items as I did at Joe's Cable Car: a burger, fries, and soft drink. At Gordon Ramsay BurGR I ordered an American Burger, a side of fries that included chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup, and a Pepsi. The American Burger was the closest thing I can find that was similar to the burger I ordered at Joe's Cable Car - a straightforward burger with lettuce, tomatoes, and onions topped with American cheese. But that's where the similarities end between those two burgers. Even though I requested both burgers to be cooked medium rare the American Burger was moist and juicy while the burger at Joe's Cable Car was dry and pasty. I enjoyed every bite of this American Burger. All I got is one question. Joe how can a Brit make an American classic better than you? The dipping sauces of chipolte ketchup and curry ketchup were tangy and delicious for the fries. But here's the kicker. The price I paid at Joe's Cable Car was about $26. The price I paid at Gordon Ramsay BurGR was about $24. While the burger at Joe's Cable Car was served in a plastic plate, the American Burger at Gordon Ramsay BurGR was served on an actual plate. Now you see why if a mom and pop place charges "big boy" prices they should be scrutinized? If you're to compare your eating establishment to Michelin Star's owned restaurant you better be Boise State and Hawaii. The burger eating experience at Joe's Cable Car and Gordon Ramsay BurGR was as if I was watching Hawaii vs Georgia in the Sugar Bowl - a total blowout where one team shouldn't have been on the same field.
4	Came here with a group of 9, the patron was nice and put us in two tables next to each other to minimize our wait time. I had the Chanterelle Burger which consisted of chanterelle mushroom, argula and figgy onion jam. The burger was on the sweeter side due to the jam but oh my gosh, it's finger-licking good! I also took a few bites off my boyfriend's Farm Burger, which I actually recommend!! Duck breast bacon, fried egg and cheddar...you can't go wrong with this. Also, I order my burger well done, yet it was still really moist and delicious! To wash these all down, order a shake! The shake is super thick and creamy...like super creamy! No lumpy ice, no chunky ice cream...just thick, creamy and huge in a delicoius way!
3	I really didn't find the burgers here interesting or exciting. I ordered the farm burger, medium-rare, and it came out medium-well and a little dry. I think there are much better burgers around the area (Holsteins and Bachi Burger come to mind). I did really, really like the truffle aioli that came with the truffle parmesan fries though. That was spectacular. But overall, considering the burger itself and the service (terrible, we were waiting around forever for our check), I would only come back if there was no wait.
4	Had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and substituted beef for chicken...it was the best burger ever!
5	Great location at PH every time i'm in Vegas i have to go to Gordon Ramsay's BurGR!! burgers are awesome 1st time there i tried the Britannia BurGR - Sharp Cheddar + Mango Chutney + Arugula  with Truffle Parmesan Fries and this weekend i tired the Farm BurGR! Duck Breast Bacon + English Sharp Cheddar + Fried Egg = Delicious! cant wait till i go back!!!
5	Great bar service here, Raul and Jeff were awesome. Recommendations on point, a must eat place. Everything was delicious....and it was nice to see people "doing there job." Burgr seemed to be a well oiled machine with a staff that looked happy. I loved the modern text when your seating is ready set up instead of the 1990's pager lol.... This was one stop ill definitely make every time I'm in vegas.
5	Awesome place! The burgers are some of the best we have had. We have been there twice. Yeah it is a bit pricey but you are getting higher quality gourmet burgers. If you want a standard burger go somewhere else. We had the uber cheese burger... Sooo delish! Hubby had the farm burger last time with duck bacon that he said was phenomenal. The parmesan french fries are worth the splurge and the truffle aioli served with it is divine! Highly recommend.
5	Finally.  A world class burger.  Quality, not quantity here folks.  Tender and delicious...
3	I came to BurGR without having any sort of expectations and left only mildly impressed.  The name and the glitz surely pulls you in and upon reading the menu my interest definitely spiked.  With burger components that include chanterelle mushrooms, raclette cheese and duck bacon how could it go wrong?Well, I can't say it went wrong but my Farm burger was a little underwhelming on flavor.  Fried egg, cheddar and duck bacon lacking in flavor?!?!  Common Vinh!  That's what I asked myself as well... maybe it was an off burger, maybe it was because my egg yolk was broken upon serving but overall the burger was just pretty good.  In fact the general consensus of the table was that the meal overall was just pretty good.  Even the much lauded Oreo shake with creme brulee pudding was a bit of a let down, sure it's labeled as pudding but adding some sugar and actually bruleeing the top would really be a great kicker. That being said, there were some highlights.  The chili (pepper) dog was impressive and very satisfying and the onion rings had a great crunchy shell.  But taking into consideration the long wait for the table (which is totally understandable) and the 30 minute ticket time, it all seems a bit long and really drags the meal down.  Especially considering that the management staff must know they get slammed everyday.Service was attentive and energetic without being overbearing.  Pricing is about right for being an elevated burger joint.  I would say give it a try, especially if you don't come from a town that has been hit by the burger trend.  Having more than my fair share of burgers from many parts of the country and my home town of LA, BurGR is just par for the course.
3	The Hell's Kitchen burger was okay and nothing to write home about.  The parmesan fries were good.   The wait is crazy long.
4	GR BurGR perfectly fits in Vegas. The grand fire window displays the WOW factor when you enter the place. Ordered the Farm Burger and it was highly recommended by the waitress. I was pretty pleased with the recommendation. The burger came with a fried egg and duck bacon.   It was definitely tasty and perfectly cooked! Not too rare and well done. The truffle fries ordered was my least favorite as it was soggy and too salty. Overall, it was a good experience in terms of the wait staff and the atmosphere.
2	The hells kitchen burger was alright. The hog burger was worse. At 17 dollars, even though its on the strip, i expect my socks to be blown off. I have had way better burgers for a fraction of the price made in a food truck. Not impressed with the regular fries, sweet potato fries, or truffle fries. Sliders were decent. I would like to think a restaurant by Gordon Ramsey could beat a hole in the wall burger joint in Texas but sadly it falls way short. The two times Ive ate here the only thing thing that is in my mind is, "Ive had better".
5	I expect nothing less than perfect from Gordon Ramsay and BurGR definitely did not disappoint. It was so good that my husband and I had lunch at BurGR two days in a row during our short stay in Vegas. Had we been there another day, we sadly probably would have gone again!Even though there appears to be a long line in Planet Hollywood waiting to get a table, the line moves rather quickly. The staff are incredibly friendly, helpful, and efficient. It was also great to see managers moving around and helping wherever was needed. And if you're a fan of the show Hell's Kitchen, you'll be able to see one of the show chefs in the kitchen that is viewable from the sitting area.As starters, we had the jalapeno poppers. The order comes with about 6 that are presented in shot glasses with sauce. The sauce has cheddar, bacon, and ranch.. mmm... One of the poppers is supposed to be especially "hot" because the jalapeno seeds are left in; however, we like spicy and they all tasted pretty much mild to us. Nonetheless, they were sooo good. You definitely get several bites from each popper so if you're thinking 6 isn't much for two, it was just the perfect amount. Besides... we ordered the truffle parmesan fries in addition to our burgers. One order of fries was just enough to share between the two of us and we sadly didn't even finish them! They were delicious but with the poppers, burgers, and drinks.. it was a lot of food! As for the burgers, I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger on both days. It had cheese, avocado, roasted tomatoes, and roasted jalapeno peppers. I also added duck bacon to it, which was great. My husband tried the Uber Cheese Burger that had fontina cheese, raclette cheese, and goat cheese (he added duck bacon) as well as the Blue Burger with blue cheese and arugula (with of course, duck bacon). We loved each burger and devoured them. The burgers have so much flavor and are cooked perfectly that there is really no need to add anything to them (like condiments, etc). The flavors soaked into the burger buns and made each bite so delicious. We look forward to visiting there again soon. Although we did not order them, we ogled over plates that came out. We kept seeing gigantic chili hot dogs come out smothered with so much good stuff that we hope to try. The shakes all looked amazing and if I hadn't been so smitten with their bar drinks, I might have tried one. Can't wait to experience BurGR again!
4	This place seems to always have a line... But the good news is, it moves pretty fast.  I got the chanterelle burgr Which was very flavorful... And very filling. My friend and I shared an order of the Truffled Fries... The truffle dip was VERY yummy, the house ketchup was just meh. I also got the butterscotch and banana shake... It was super good, not too sweet, you can taste the fresh banana in it, and the butterscotch bit was actually pudding, which made the shake a bit more interesting. I liked this restaurant, but I'm not completely sure it's one I'd return to next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Came here after a show and waiting time was 45 mins to an hour.  Promised our son that we would eat here so we waited.  I do not care much for the fire decor they have going in the entrance.  Just a waste of gas and since it is spring and getting warmer, that area where they have the gas burning is uncomfortably hot.  Impractical and a waste of energy. I sampled the farm burger and the one with the morel mushrooms. Liked the farm burger a lot. Also enjoyed the truffle Parmesan fries and the Oreo Shake, aka Shake #4.  Those 3 items get 4 stars. Also tried the "honey pork belly bao" which I will never get from them again.   I make something similar and I was hoping to get a positive reference point for the pork belly baos.  Their's was a disappointment.  Uncured bacon slices smeared with the strong hoisin, and garnished with dill pickles?  It was just not good.  It tasted like an inexperienced cook put it together.
2	The Cesar salad was horribly drenched in dressing. The chicken in the sliders was hard and very thin. Very disappointing for a "Ramsey" establishment.
5	I got the farm burger ($15)- comes with egg, duck breast bacon, and cheddar. The bun was toasty and delicious, the meat was PERFECT, the egg was soft but not runny, and I've never had duck before but it was salty and way above regular bacon. I'm no culinary expert but all I can say was that it was delicious. Actually, it was one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten in my entire life. Gordon Ramsay really knows what he's doing! The fries were legit fries- really thick cut, not oily, and so hot and fresh that we had to wait to eat them! The ketchup is really unique, I've never tried anything like it. Highly recommended if you're in Las Vegas!
3	I thought this place was decent. I had the farm burger which was good but I didn't think it was worth the price. They have really good Parmesan truffle fries and dipping sauces but the service was horrible. It took forever to get our food and our waitress rarely came over.
5	Absolutely love this place! I would highly recommend this place! My husband and I eat there every time we come to vegas! I have tried 3 different burgers from the menu and loved them all! Fries with truffle salt is enough for 3 or 4 people to share! You will not be disappointed eating here!
3	Meeting Babe and one of his guests here. I've never been so he ordered the Hell's Kitchen and Euro Burgers.I started off with the Euro Burger and gave it back to Babe to finish off. It's not a bad burger but I'm not a goat cheese fan.The Hell's Kitchen Burger was good BUT it could have DEFINITELY been spicier! I'd definitely like to go back and sample some other menu items tho!And Cindy at the host stand is the sweetest!
3	I sat at the bar since I ate myself. I had the Earth Burger which was vegetarian. It came with grilled portabello mushroom, fontina cheese, arugula, and roasted tomatoes. If you love mushrooms, then this i the burger for you. There were 3-4 layers of mushroom in the burger. Otherwise, the flavors were okay. I thought it was expensive for $15 which was one of the most expensive burgers on the menu. I wish there were smaller portions for the sweet potato fries. I asked if they could make a half portion, but they said no. Service was fine for me.
5	I highly recommend this place, it is hands down one of the best meals I have ever had in my entire life.Great burgers and amazing shakes. I prefer this over even Ramsay Steak.Go!
2	The BurGR is a beautifully set out restaurant and full of lots of sharp-looking waitstaff, and despite a lengthy line for group-dining, as a single I was able to sit right down at the bar.  I ordered one of the special burger offereings, the uber cheeseburger medium well.  I think of burger-medium well as "no pink in the middle," or passably the tiniest bit of pink in the middle as ground beef should be cooked much more thoroughly than, say, a beef steak.  Many restaurants will not even have a medium-rare burger as an option owing to the chance of food poisoning from undercooked hamburgers.  When the burger arrived 25 minutes later, it looked gorgeous on its puffy roll, with the cheese nicely melted and the beef sporting a glazed, glistening look.  But the first bite into the burger crushed my enthusiasm.  If the burger was 1/2 inch thick, then the middle 1/4 inch all the way through the burger was pink.  2 days later I am comfortable stating that the burger did not make me sick, but for a guy's whose reputation is built on quality control, how he let this burger come out of his kitchen so underdone is a mystery.  I'll be curious to see what other reports come out of this restaurant.
2	Waited about an hour to sit down at this place and expecting something amazing. The wait even took around 30-40 minutes to get our burgers and fries as soon as we ordered.I got the all american burger and expected a really good cheeseburger. The meat party wasn't even juicy. The one thing they got right about the patty was that they cooked it medium well for me.I mean, I wouldn't come back to this place again. A lot of people probably come here just for the name. Just wasn't satisfied
4	This was a really good burger place I found in the Hard Rock Hotel/Casino.  Being a fan of Gordon Ramsey, this was my first time in one of his restaurants.  The atmosphere was distracting (that's Vegas baby!) but the service was top-notch.  The staff was knowledgeable and friendly.  The Fury wings and Hell's Kitchen burger was tasty.
3	The burger was fantastic and definitely one of the top 5 burgers I've ever eaten. However the fries where severely lacking, soggy and not at all complimentary to the meal
5	Since it was Vegas, I knew there would be a wait, which was fine. Besides, I only waited for a few minutes. Sat down at the bar, and received a warm welcome by them. I asked for suggestions and they really good about asking what I liked in a burger. I went with their European Burger, that had goat cheese and other strong tasty cheeses and it was GREAT. Small but mighty burger. Also ordered some fries to share and it was worth it. The meal was not big in quantity, but it made it up for the quality. I will be back to try different burgers in the future.
4	My housemates and I love watching Master Chef, so a visit to BurGR is a must on our Vegas checklist. Our party of 5 waited a bit more than an hour for a table, which is fine granted this is dinner on Friday night in Vegas. I give this place 4 stars because:+truffle fries and the sauces are to die for!!+waiter was very kind and patient and knowledgeable of the menu+I tried the euro burger, which is delicious if you like goat cheese. I think it really brings out the medium rare taste of the meat. Friends had the farm burger and chanterelle, which was both amazing as well. +it is evident that every detail of this place had thought put into it, from silverware to the menu to what the waiters and waitresses wore. Gordan Ramsay puts perfection above my expectations. The only con about this dining experience was the long wait after we ordered our food. I felt as if I waited longer than the time it took me to eat my dinner. Overall, if you're in Vegas and you are a fan of burgers, try BurGR and you won't regret it!
4	Had lunch at the Las Vegas Gordon Ramsay BurGR reataurant, with my wife and another couple.  Our wait time wasn't too bad; perhaps only 20 minutes or  so.  Thought it would be more judging from the line! Very trendy place; very much in keeping with most places in Las Vegas at this level.  Service was okay, and I liked the tables, menus and even the fact that the server immediately brought another dish as my wife and I said we'd share an entree.  We had the Britannia burger, and it was very tasty, although on the smaller side.  The four of us shared a tower of onion rings; not usually my first choice, but this time I'm glad we had them.  Recommend it!
5	AMAZing.. Each of us (5) ordered a different burger and each was amazing, couldn't decide which was our favorite! Fries were great too with 2 different sauces.Highly recommend the whiskey lemonade drink!! :) best burger I have ever had
4	I LOVE Gordon Ramsay so I was really excited to visit BurGR after seeing it on the MasterChef challenge last season. I saw those awesome flames out front and BAM I knew I was having a burger here. They don't take reservations but the line to get a table moved very quickly around late lunch time. The prices are also great or at least compared to what I would pay for a bomb burger here in NYC. The portions on the sides are pretty big so I would recommend sharing them. We were so stuffed from our breakfast we decided to split a burger too! I decided we should have the uber cheese burger.. I am a cheese slut... I love it mmmmm. We asked for the burger medium rare and when it came to the table I was pretty convinced it was rare rare rare... the BF was happy but I couldn't do it. The texture is too much for me when it is this rare. I said something to the waiter and at first he argued with me but then snapped out of it and had the kitchen make us a new one.The 2nd burger came out really quickly and was absolutely delicious. I couldn't leave this joint without one of those amazing looking milk shakes either so I was excited when the waiter told us we could get it to go. We had the carmel chocolate one and the hazelnut coffee one. They were lush oh my god. SO good but also SO filling. I wish I could say I finished mine but no such luck. I am looking forward to my next trip to Vegas so I can come back for more burger heaven. :-)
2	After waiting in line for an hour we were given the privilege of paying $18 for a burger that had more salt in it than the ocean.Sweet potato fries were good.Service is good. But they only gave us lip service about salt in burger.Rip off and way over rated. People are like deer in the headlights. Way too enamored by fame of the owner.
5	I don't usually give out 5 stars but this place was phenomenal.  The first time was for dinner.  Hour wait but they give you a Pager and it extended pretty far out into the casino.  A day later before leaving for the airport had to return around noon on Wednesday.  No wait.  The burgers are memorable and so was the onion rings.  We will return in the future. They can serve as many add 50000 burgers in a weekend I was told.
5	Definitely lived up to the hype!!!  I absolutely loved my burger, the Hell's Kitchen Burger...DELICIOUS!!  Although everything was pretty much electronic, we had a very attentive server, and our food came out in a decent amount of time...nice and fresh!! My next trip to Vegas, I will return :o)
3	#GordonRamsay BurGR was too noisy for conversation. Very crowded, long wait, okay service, cute uniforms - like what burger waitresses would wear on the Enterprise. Enjoyed the truffle oil fries and my portobello mushroom burger. Liked the technology - texting guests for table instead of getting those vibrating coaster things. Also using an iPad as a menu ... very expensive for a burger place. They were good, but not THAT good. It was #MarchMadness that week, so but what's to be expected? Doubt I'll return at $60 for a very basic burger dinner, but glad we checked it out.
5	This is my favorite burger place for the price range ( I like Stripburger which is about 1/2 the price but not as good). I have been five or 6 times and tried quite a few things from the menu, but here are my favorites"Chicken Slider App- if you like chic-fil-a and appreciate a good chicken sandwhich I would try this. It is really flavorful chicken and comes with a good sriacha flavored mayo that is pretty amazing. You get 2 in an order. Farm burger- I don't even know what duck bacon is, how it is made, or if it is even really a thing. What I do know is that it is delicious. Any burger with a fried egg is generally what I gravitate towards at a burger place and this egg was perfect- "Breaking the yoke is the customer's pleasure"- true words Gordon.Truffle Parmesan Fries- comes with a great aoli- make sure whatever fries you get that you get all the dipping sauces to try them. I usually get sweet potato fries, and the ones here are great- but these are slightly better imo.The sweet potato fries come with a shaker of vanilla powdered sugar and while it is totally out of character for me I find it to be a bit much- every time I see someone shake that thing I hear Wilford Brimley in my head saying "dia-beet-us". Good in small doses, not a whole order.If that isn't your ideal meal, here are some other good itemsJalapeno poppers- the star here is the sauce they come in which is delicious and creamy. I think many people don't read the menu but you get like 7 poppers, 6 are mild and 1 is much spicier - they don't tell you which is the spicy one so proceede with caution if you don't like spice. Pig Bao Buns- these are great and only barely edged out by the chicken sliders. Britania burger- the mangu chutney on this makes it super awesome. I would advice requesting they go easy on the arugula though. Blue Burger- when they say blue cheese they aren't kidding- you get a healthy slab of it here not little crumbles- that can be good or bad depending on how much chest hair you have. A few people have dinged the service- and yes the service is not on park with GR Steak- but its a burger place. The service is commensurate with the restaurant design. I will say the waitresses, while generally quite attractive, have to wear perhaps the most unattractive uniforms I have ever seen.There is generally going to be a long wait during peak hours- this place is really popular and many out of towners want to go because they are GR fans. They will take your name and text you when your table is ready so there is no range restriction- go check out the Miracle Mile shops or walk around on the strip to kill time.
5	One of my absolute favorite burger spots!The poppers are fresh and have real kick!The duck bacon on The Farm Burger was unreal, but as much as I loved it. The Hog Burger took it's place as king.Now with all this talk of burgers, DO NOT miss out on the hotdogs, one of the best Iv'e had in town.
3	Great Onion rings, long lines and limited Vegetarian options.  I can't say this is the best burger place I've been, or even a top contender.  As a vegetarian, I expect a fancy burger joint to have a housemade veggie or vegan burger to choose from.  Growing up as a vegetarian, I always had two options at restaurant: A frozen gardenburger or a portabella mushroom sandwich.  Now, those were the days when vegetarians were few and far between.   But now when I see those options, I think lazy and uncreative, definitely not what I would expect from a Gordon Ramsey establishment.  I ordered the only option I had as a vegetarian, a mushroom burger made like their cheesy burger.  It was a bunch of sliced portabella mushrooms stacked on top of each other, which was impossible to eat. With each bite a slippery slice flew out of my bun until I finally gave up and pulled all the mushrooms out.  Luckily, I really enjoyed their truffle fries and housemade onion rings, so the experience was not a complete bust.  The server was attentive and noticed that I didn't not eat much of my food, and asked if I did not care for it. I told her I just wasn't a fan of the mushrooms but it was fine.  She insisted on taking it off the bill... which was not expected but appreciated. All said and done...  No, I will not wait 45 minutes to dine here again.
4	I think I might've over-hyped this place for me, making me feel disappointed about the burgers. I'll try and give it my best review for this place though.Burger: I tried over 4 burgers here and they have always been the servers recommendations, and their recommendations didn't fail what so ever. I will admit the burger wasn't dry, the patties were tender and juicy just like how a real burger should be. It's not so much of an explosion of flavor or something along the lines of "WOW, I never tasted this before!", it's just that the meat quality is really good.The thing I would honestly only come here for:The Jalepino Poppers. They fried perfectly, so you don't burn your tongue when you bite into these delectables. They come half dipped in these shot glass, filled with a nice tangy and creamy sauce. Even dipped, the poppers are soggy, still retaining their crunchiness. I would surprisingly say, this is a must try more than the burgers!!Oh one thing, always try to yelp this place up and call it to make reservations! sometimes the line can get long, but the wait isn't that long, you just end up standing in front of this art that has fire just pouring out. It gets pretty hot if there stand there for awhile. SO MAKE RESERVATIONS!!
4	I've tried GR's other more expensive restaurants and quite honestly, I have not been impressed.  I just tried Burgr, going in with very low expectations and glad to report the burger was good!  No, this was not the best burger that I've ever had as honestly, BJ's Brewhouse has a burger that is better and more tasty, but all in all for the price point, this was not bad!  The onion rings were good as well.  For a decent price, we received a decent burger but nothing that I found to be exceptionally great, but wouldn't mind going back either.
5	This is the second time that we have eaten there. We have tried the Farm Burger and the Hell's Burger. The truffle fries were to die for! Christina Wilson, a winner from Hell's Kitchen, even took the time to take a picture with our kids. They were beyon thrilled! Many kiddos!!!
5	One of the best burgers I have had.  The meat was cooked perfect.  It was very juicy.  The truffle fries were also really good.   I would highly recommend.  If you want to avoid the lines get there before 11am!
5	I cannot say enough about the food, it was amazing!! The server was very nice, the only negative was we had a party of 8 an we had to separate the tables an the hostess was a little snotty about the whole thing. Get some new front service an it would be a 10/5!!
3	This place isn't all that great. Was able to try after a long family vacation in a mansion rental. My guest and I were dropped off at the strip around breakfast time to find stuff to do before we had to head to the airport. It was almost 11 when we saw this cool burger joint with a fire-lit sign. Enticed by the fact that it was Gordon Ramsay's (asshole from Kitchen Nightmares) restaurant, i thought to myself, "i have to try this place." Unfortunately there is this giant picture of him, luckily my back faced it. My guest and I asked for our patties to be prepared differently. When the burgers came out, half way into eating, we realized that they were mixed up! Ugh -- i actually enjoyed my mistake, but my guest did not. That's a pretty big mistake on the restaurant's end. The burgers weren't all that special anyway.Maybe this place could be a late night drunk spot, but i don't see the hype. Yay for Vegas in general!
5	i wish i could give this place a 6, because that chocolate shake and truffle fries i had were simply the GREATEST. THING. EVER. pricey. but hey it's vegas.
4	This place was pretty good, I have to say the truffle Parmesan fries were out of this world, it would be worth going back just for the fries.  The whole decor and ambiance was very cool, it's a perfect upscale burger joint.  We also got the farm burger, hells kitchen burger, and chicken wings.  We decided on this order from other Yelp recommendations so I won't repeat what's already been said.  Everything was very good but I don't think i could justify more than a half hour wait just on the quality of food.  Side note, we realized once we were seated that there were about 5-8 empty tables in the restaurant at all times while there was a line of 15-30 people outside.  I get that they leave a few tables open for VIPs and such but it seemed like an awful waste with so many people waiting to be seated.  The milkshakes were a strange concept.  They were obviously trying to be different by putting a fist full of pudding at the top of the drink, but once all the milkshake beneath it was finished, it was very difficult and strange to try to suck the pudding up through the straw.  Also, the draft beers and milkshakes are served in these fancy tall glasses which look pretty cool but don't actually contain much liquid!  I ordered a second beer with my meal but only managed to take a few sips before wrapping up the meal so I asked for a to-go cup.  They were nice enough to bring me a standard sized (like a solo cup) plastic beer cup to pour it into but when I did I discovered it barely filled 2/3 the cup.  At those prices, that's kind of a bummer.
5	Gordon, you've done it again.This was the absolute best birthday dinner a girl could have asked for.We arrived about 4:15pm on a Saturday, without a reservation.  Oops!  My mistake, I was supposed to call and make one, but didn't.  Luckily, my friends and I were not in a hurry.  It was my birthday dinner, and a thank you to my friend who does our taxes, so none of us had anywhere to be for a long time.  We stood in line to check in for about 6 minutes, before I noticed the sign that said "check in with hostess first."  Another oops on my behalf.  I shouldn't go places when I'm tired. So, the hostess checked me in, and said that they would send a text message to me when the table was ready, and let me know it would be probably an hour.  Awesome!  We don't have to stand in line the whole time. So we head over to the Heart Bar...which ended up being a not so awesome experience, but I'll save that for their review.  anyway, I got a text message about 20 minutes later saying that our table was ready!    We were seated, and our server came over, and introduced herself, and showed us how to use the iPad menus.  We each got a cocktail, (and one beer for my non cocktail friend)...they were all delicious!!  Mine was the best though (to me anyway), I had the skinny screw.  I need to go back JUST for one of these.  A note about our server...I wish I remember her name, I think it was Nicole?  (pretty blonde girl)...She was a darling.  So nice, very accommodating, and extremely friendly.   She even wrote happy birthday on our check!Appetizers: Jalapeno Poppers:  We had these served with the ranch on the side, since my fella is completely anti-ranch.  They were spicy and delicious!!!  I was so happy with these, and I don't really care for spicy food.  Onion Rings:  omg nom.  I love onion rings and these were perfect.  Burgers:  My fella and I had the farm burger, and the uber cheese burger, with duck bacon added to mine for $3 extra.  Totally worth it.  They were both amazing...the burger was a perfect mid-rare, the egg oozed out with yummy yolk, and my uber cheese burger was SO delicious!  The goat's cheese was my favorite.  So creamy and delightful!  I don't remember what the other 2 at the table had, I was too engrossed in my food.Truffle fries:  Wow!  So delicious!Dessert: Sticky toffee pudding push pops:Wowza!  While I will admit, I liked the pudding at the steak house better, you have to hand it to Gordon for not being a one-trick pony.  Changing up his classic dessert and layering it in a push pop was delicious, and had a feeling of whimsical child-like fun to it.  I loved it!The crowning moment of this visit though, was that because it was my birthday, Christina (from Hell's Kitchen) who is the new executive chef, came over with our food to say hello, take a quick picture, and chat with me.  In fact...she mentioned that Gordon was going to be in town, and even checked her phone to find out what time!!  She was gracious, and amazing, and dealt with my star-struck silliness beautifully.  (I NEVER get star struck, but I was like a giddy school girl.)All in all, the dining experience was incredible.  I can't wait to go back again!  Maybe I'll meet Gordon next time. ;)  Mr. Ramsay, you've got a perfect trio here in Vegas.  Amazing job.
5	It's simple, Gordon Ramsay wouldn't put his name on anything that is delicious.Farm burger - if you're a fan of egg inside a burger, this is the one for you. Parmesan fries - is a must, the garlic aioli definitely makes it better.We only waited 5 min I get seated, and about 15 for our food.Very satisfied.
5	Really good burgers and fries! Drinks were great as well. We did have to wait about 20 minutes to be seated but it was well worth it!
5	Excellent food and above and beyond service. Lauren our waitress was VERY accommodating and made our visit extremely pleasant. Would definitely return.
4	I'm not one for gimmicks, and I tend to avoid the Planet Hollywood hotel at all costs whenever I'm in town. It's not really the casino itself - it's just ... I try to keep my distance from Britney Spears in any medium, and that building-sized banner of her certainly qualifies. Wait a minute! THAT explains why the Miracle Mile Mall smells like bus stop and failure! Mystery solved!Still, as fate would have it, we found ourselves meat-hungry and within sight of Gordon Ramsay's Burgr. Man, that just sounds so dirty. Well, at least it isn't Britney's Burgr. ::Gasp::Anyway, I quickly scanned the reviews and many had mentioned the ridiculous standard wait times to get seated. Well, there was almost no line at the time, so we hopped in. I'm glad we did, because this place was great.Is it overpriced? Yes. It's Vegas - get over it. Does it do burgers and pretty much only burgers? Yes. And as the rule stands, if that's all you do, it better be outstanding. And it is. I'm happy to say it is. The best thing about the burgers here is the BUN. Stay with me. Too many burger joints make the mistake of garlic buttering and toasting the bun, making the burger appear more substantial but all but ruining the actually eating process. Plus, I'm paying for the burger, not the bun. At Burgr, the bun is exceptionally light. It's like eating air. It holds the accoutrements in place and keeps down the mess but enables an easier bite. This is an extremely functional - and tasty - burger, and one of the best I have had in a long time.
5	I absolutely love this place and I want to come here when I go to Vegas if I want to have a burger.Of course, like any restaurant made popular by a celebrity chef, expect a wait. If you have a group of people, except an extra long as wait and put your name in much longer than you expect to eat if you're going during dinner time. For couples, there is a line for two that goes by faster than you think. But like I said there is still a wait with no seating. While you're in line you also have a chance to look at a menu which is always nice. But, they do not show the drink options until you sit down. No fear they do sell beer.So, even with that said, I still loved this placed because of two reasons: the burger is made perfectly and our waitress (but I hope they are all like this) new her shit. As soon as we sat down she went through all parts of the menu describing popular favorites and her own in great detail. When we were ordering she offered the options of what to add to our burger because she had mention people before expecting more. To clarify, we ordered the blue burger and all it comes with is blue cheese and arugula and she had offered sun dried tomatoes at no extra charge or with extra charge bacon. My point is she was well prepared and clarified our order to a t. For an appetizer we order the bau buns which had delicious pork and Vietnamese people in little Saigon would probably kill us for spending that much but hey they were delicious. With our burger we had the parmesaen fries which come with a truffle mayo I believe which was redonculous and house made ketchup which is also good and some house made ketchups taste awful. By this time we were happy we split the burger because we were so full, or at least I was. And they aren't huge so if you don't want to share you don't have to.This place is so good, so please give it a chance!
2	A big disappointment....twice!  I am a big fan of Gordon's TV shows, so maybe I expected too much.  I found the burgers to be bland, the buns very dry.  The toppings were good.  The accouterments (fries, rings, etc.) were nothing special.  I wanted to give it 2.5, so you know.  For less money go to Ketchup Premium Burger Bar in Miracle mile.  Better food FAR better service.  Oh yea, the service is mediocre, just too busy for the number of staff.
5	The burgers were sexmazing , I would recommend this place for the burger connoisseur , start off with the wings they were fantastic.
5	Great experience.  For the top notch food, service and desert (You must try the toffee push ups) it didn't even seem that expensive.  We will definitely be going back.
1	I love burgers. The best ones represent some of my favorite simple things in the food world: salt, crust on meat, flames, soft and toasted buns, tasty sides, etc. Add a tall cold beer, good service and perfect fries - and that's all we need. BRGR was SDLY JST NT GOOD. Waiting in line for 15 minutes, no big. Two beers took forever, waitress was inattentive, food arrived and the burgers were decent but the "just fries" were uncooked planks of tuber and weren't even hot. Switched them for sweet potato fries (another 10 minutes? WTH?), paid and bailed. Go have YOUR perfect burger at the burger place in Cosmo - waaaay better!
2	Ridiculously overpriced... as is most of Las Vegas.  The Uber Cheeseburger was decent but nothing special and certainly not worth $15.  $11 french fries were bland.  Frankly not worth the truffles.  Had the Hog Snack appetizer... tasty but again, not worth the expense.I'm a fan of Ramsey's BBC show.  Hate the American version.  Had to try it.  Now that I've tried it, there is no reason to go back.   Next time I'll get a double King at Fatburger and be a much happier man.$50 better spent at the Bellagio Buffet....:  Masochist that I am I went to GR's PUB for lunch as well a few days later.  Thought I would try the Authentic Fish and Chips.   $27 for Fish and Chips?  They were fine but I got a place down a few blocks from where I live that has just as good for around $7.The Scotch Egg was very very good.  Not Greasy.  Extra bits of bacon really made it worth while.I know it's Vegas but I long for the Mob Run days when you could get a great steak dinner for under $10.
3	It was a 2 hour wait, so we have to walk around and come back. They get  your number to send you a message when your table is ready which was cool.Their service: There service was great, the hostess tried to talk to us a little bit and asked if it was our first time, and thank us for waiting, and ask where we are from and all that, our server was great too, he came to check up on us here and there.The appetizer: We had the pork belly bun, it didn't look great but the taste was good.The burger: I had the duck/bacon burger which I think was okay. My bf had the big hot dog, i forgot what it was called but I have a picture of it. I didn't finish my burger, I only had half of it and took the rest home, if it was that good i would of finish the whole thing and not leave any left over.OVerall i didn't think it was what i expected maybe i had a higher expectation because it was one of Gordon Ramsay restaurant, but i wouldn't mind coming back to try other food because maybe the ones i tried didn't make me satisfied.
5	Holy shit. I've just finished the last bite of the most delicious beef burger I've ever had, and my mind still can't comprehend that such a simple combination of meat, arugula, bun, and blue cheese resulted in that much flavor. Let's break this baby down:Burger Patty - All beef, medium-rare. It came out slightly more medium which was great as the edges were cooked just right to bring out the flavor of the meat whereas the inside was more rich and juicy.Buns - White bread with sesame seeds, sweet. They had to have spread butter and then grilled these. The sesame provided enough grip despite the juices squeezing out with every bite and were overall structurally sound so my burger remained intact until it was no more.Arugula - Possibly slightly cooked or tossed with something? Also very sweet and buttery tasting. Great complement to the rest to the burger.Blue Cheese - This version was like a spread and although it didn't evenly cover the patty all the time, it was amazingly flavorful and had a tang to it that toned down what would have been an overwhelmingly buttery meal.The coffee was really good, too -- didn't need to use any creamer and it wasn't bitter but wasn't weak either.
4	We loved the garlic truffle dipping sauce that came with the truffle fries!  I think it was just mayonnaise with minced garlic and truffles, but it was delicious!  Without the dipping sauce the fries were just okay, the truffle flavor definitely comes from the sauce.  I had the farm burger; the duck bacon was salty and meaty!  My husband had the blue burger.  Whenever we passed by, there was a long line outside the restaurant.  I think that was the initial reason we wanted to eat there!  On our last day, we lined up at 10:50 a.m. (10 minutes before opening) and we were seated promptly at 11:05.  Overall, it's kind of pricey, $40 for two burgers and fries (before tip).  But it's worth checking out if you want to try one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants on a budget.
4	Great BurGR at a moderate price. For starters, there was a pretty long line but they have an "up with the times" way of taking your reso-they just text you. We only waited about 30 minutes so not too shabby considering the length of the line. We had the Honey-Pig Bao Buns to start which were amazing considering you like pork belly. I also had the Farmer Burger which would've been perfect if the fried egg on top had the delicious runny yolk you would expect once you bite into it. Mine was basically an over-hard egg. In most cases I would've sent it back but I was too hungry to part with it. Other than that it was cooked perfectly and tasted great. The sweet potato fries were heavenly once dipped in the sauce provided. I will definitely be back to try another burger and a milkshake next time. The only other critique I have other than my pathetically fried egg is the service. Our server was friendly, cute, always kept our drinks full. She was not the problem. However the hostess stand could use some training in customer service. There are about 4-5 girls standing up there doing absolutely nothing. Because of the set up and how busy it typically is, it can be a bit confusing whether to go up to the hostess stand or get in line with the others. Typically there are tourists standing around with a confused look on their face and I did not see even one of the five hostess offer them any help. I still recommend giving this place a try!
3	Usually I am a 4 star bore, almost formulamatically handing out four stars no matter how vicious I am in my actually commentary. I've got to give three to this place though partly because of the name associated with it (I simply expected a lot more.Let's start with what's good about it. It has a cool vibe, although a little chaotic. It occupies a great location in PH. It's nice to see PH has finally figured out what to do with its former poker room/high limit/high roller/ they don't know what the hell to do with it room. And for being in a prime location it was reasonably priced. Now the bad. The food is mediocre. I had the fish sandwich on the recommendation of my waiter, and my friends had hamburgers. My fish sandwich was beautifully presented, but that was the highlight. The piece of fish itself was very good, but the fried toast bun was way to greasy. My friends hamburgers both cam medium rare, but only one was order that way. I tasted both and found them to be bland and surprisingly dry for being as rare as they were. Most importantly though, there was nothing unique about them. They were just burgers with a lot of flair. My friends both ordered milkshakes which were good, but both were essentially creamy puddings masquerading as a milkshake. Again, good, and somewhat unique, but not $9 a piece good. That is the only thing I thought was really over priced. I had a Johnny Walker Black and it was delicious, but I don't think the restaurant had much to do with that. As a local I know of several burger places in town that far out strip this place. I don't want to drop names but there is an Asian Fusion burger place in town that blows this place out of the water for comparable prices. And for better flavor at much better prices there's a place owned by a group of guys, five of them I think, that is a much better meal and value. So for the tourist I say this is an OK place to go.It is owned by a famous chef, it is in a great location, and it is an OK meal. Most places on the strip for this price are merely just OK meals. It is worth eating at and getting your picture taken out by the sign. For locals we all know better places which are much easier to get to.
5	There's not a whole lot to say. This is by far the best burger I've had anywhere in the world (ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger on two separate occasions). To top it off they have great fries, great shakes and a great selection of craft beers. The only downside is you need to be prepared to wait. I've only been twice so far, both at "off" times, and we still had to wait about 45 minutes each time. For future reference, put your name in, then walk around the Miracle Mile shops while you wait. They'll text you when your table is almost ready.
5	If you're into gourmet burgers, this place is a must try! It's prob the best gourmet burger I've ever had! I tried the Hell's Kitchen burger and the Southern Yardbird burger, both were soo delicious. It doesn't look too big, but they are filling! One order of fries is more than enough per two people. Prices are pretty reasonable too, about 13-17 dollars a burger. Just the thought of it makes me want to go back!
3	A decent burger but it wouldn't even break into my top 5 local burger joints. We must have been lucky to have gone during an off time because after reading some of the reviews, I woulda been pissed if we waited in a long line.      Having said that the service there was top notch. They always came by to make sure we were good while taking the time to explain the menu to us. Additionally the "poppers" were pretty damn good. We even kept some of the sauce to put on our burger.      Our three burgers ranged from ok to good. Nothing bad, but also nothing worth waiting in line for. After two visits, the sticker shock from burgers and fries didn't go away after the first visit. Maybe it's just me but I must be in the minority on the truffle fries. They were basically steak fries with shredded Parmesan. Way to big and mushy with little truffle taste.       If Burgerz was owned by Joe Blow instead of mr Ramsay I'm not sure they would still be in business. Clearly the name is the draw here while many of the patrons will be one time, out of town visitors willing to wait/pay to eat a burger made by Gordon Ramsay.
4	4.5 stars.Great burgers! The sweet potato fries sprinkled with crack..(powered sugar) is amazing. Don't kid yourself..sweet potato FRIED instantly loses its healthy label..so might as well add sugar and really enjoy it.
3	My roommate and I came to Vegas for spring break and I was super excited to try this place out since it's one of the cheaper restaurant but still by Gordon Ramsay.  We had a show to catch at 9 so we wanted to have dinner at around 6:30. Unfortunately they do not take reservations... WHY?!?!To start, we shared the sweet potato fries and the jalapeno poppers. The fries come with vanilla powder sugar and honey jalapeno mayo. The fries are fried nicely and pair really well with the powder sugar; however, we weren't a fan of the honey jalapeno mayo. It sounded good, but the mayo didn't taste that great.  The jalapeno poppers were also a let down. They seemed like they've been sitting on the counter for a little bit. It would have been a lot better if they were hot. Not only were they a let down, the jalapeno poppers also made my friends and I sick. I felt sick almost immediately after dinner and my two friends were really sick the following morning. My stomach still feels queasy just thinking a bout it... Just be warned, they are pretty spicy and could possible make your stomach on fire!The burgers we got were solid, but the burger places in L.A. still have my heart. I might give it another try next time I visit Vegas, but no more jalapeno poppers!
5	Burger was amazing, fries were ok. But seriously, burgers are to die for. :) it's open late, and we got seated very quickly. If you bring your free total rewards card you get discounts on the food items.
5	Best Burger On the Strip. My husband and I have tried most burger places on the strip and BurGR is, hands down, our favorite. He always gets his burger completely plain - meat + bun - which is a guaranteed way to find out how good the meat is. BurGR's is fantastic. Juicy, high quality, delicious meat! And the buns are big and fluffy with sesame seeds which I love. They're starting with just a great base here. All of the ingredients are obviously very high quality. I'm more adventurous and like to try different flavor combinations. I've tried most and The Farm Burger is my favorite. A server we'd gotten to know suggested I try adding avocado and it took it from fantastic to WOW! The Hell's Kitchen burger is spicy and delicious so if you like spicy try that. I love arugula so I tried the Euro Burger but it was just a bit rich for me. Delicious but really rich. We've tried all of the fries and the Just Fries are just right. They're the thick kind and are served with 2 different really nice ketchups - curry and chipotle. I tried the Kale Apple Ceasar Salad which, if you like those 3 items (Kale, apples, a ceaser) you will love! And the shakes are completely decadent. But to be honest, once we'd been a few times I stopped trying any of the extras because a burger + 1/2 an order of fries is a meal! The servings are large and filling. I noticed some complaints about the wait between ordering and being served. It's true that if it's busy, it can be slow. We don't really mind as the food is so good and clearly made fresh. We treat it more as a yummy dinner out than a quick bite. I think some people expect very quick service with a burger. This is more of a sit down meal. But our solution if we're really hungry is to to order one order fries as an appetizer right when we sit down and order drinks. The serving is so big we can easily nosh on that and still have plenty left over when the actual burgers, and any other items, arrive. We keep trying new places and BurGR keeps winning! In fact, I might just need a Farm Burger for dinner tonight!
4	Good but not fantastic. The jalapeno poppers were very good, as long as you like bacon. Our only real disappointment was our burgers were a little dry. We ordered well-done as always, but they were borderline burnt. Everything was tasty, but not over-the-top excellent. One appetizer, one order of (yummy) truffle parmesan fries, two burgers and a soda came to $60 with tax, before tip. I've had better burgers for less, but I guess we we're paying for the Gordon Ramsay experience! Service was excellent.
2	Gordon is lucky I'm giving the second star and it's mostly for the fries (I really liked them). But this place (along with MANY others) have fallen in to the "we don't give a damn about vegetarians so give them a portobello". That's pretty sad considering they charge $12 for it. It tasted lame and was very rubbery. I've made better at home on a cast iron skillet on my lunch hour. If you are a veg this is your ONE option and that is pitiful. Gordon, you can do better.
4	Good budget good fries great drinks.  Chef Ramsay makes a good burger.  I would go back
5	Was honestly the most amazing burger i ever had. the bun was light fresh and tasty the burger was perfectly medium the toppings were great...I had the Hells Kitchen burger with rosted jalapenos & oven roasted tomatoes and a nice slice of avocado! The truffle Parmesan fries were amazing with the mushroom aioli sauce and ketchup. Along with a nice tall blue moon beer perfectly chilled! And the girl from his show Hells Kitchen (the winner) winner was there busting her butt for sure (forgive me I don't know her name)
4	Alright, to be fair and honest, we ended up going to BurGR while I was abstaining from meat for Lent. So I do not have any thoughts or comments on how amazing the beef burgers are. I do have comments on how amazing the Earth Burger was. On the menu there is one vegetarian option and that is the Earth Burger. I have had plenty of vegetarian-friendly burgers over the years, but this burger is definitely one of my favorites. I did not feel like I was missing out by having one. To top it off, I ordered Shake #4 - the oreo, creme brulee pudding shake. I'm a such sucker for sweets and desserts. So when I saw that I could not say no. After one sip, I was in dessert heaven. The pudding - oh man the pudding!!! That was the shining star in the combo. Thick, rich and decadent. I'd go back just for the shake alone.
5	One of the best if not the best burger that I have ever eaten. No condiments needed...the burger speaks for itself. What else can I say. The burger has been elevated to a whole new level. Good job Gordon Ramsay!
4	burger and fries were delicious!!! had the banana shake, which was just okay. customer service was excellent. wait was a little long though.
3	Food was great, experience . . . not so much.The 1.5 hour quoted wait time ballooned to nearly 2.5 hours. We had the cornmeal crusted fried chicken app and it was fantastic. Unfortunately, the kitchen or server lost our ticket so that was another 30 minute wait for the re-fire.Burgers were perfectly prepared and seasoned. Truffle fries were good. We had to wait another 15 minutes for the server to return with the credit card after paying. So . . . service would be 1 star, food . . . 4. It's worth trying out for sure.
4	I decided to break my pescatarian streak for an "American Burger"and "just fries" because Gordon Ramsay is a bad ass,.. and because I'm in Vegas. After a long pool day yesterday I wanted a quick bite, so I was able to cut the long line at Burger and sit at the bar since i was solo. My girlfriend was napping.I sat at the bar for about 10 minutes and neither bartender acknowledged me with eye contact,  "I'll be right with you" or  a " can I grab you a beer? ". Instead of speaking up with an "uuhum" I just walked out since I was already too irritated. Probably not the best way to handle it but I was in no mood to complain. Today I went back with a new attitude and again sat at the bar. Totally different experience with the same bartender. Food was perfect! I even got one to go.. The only downside is that they wouldn't whip up some thousand island dressing but they do have really good chipotle and curry ketchups.
1	UGH...We were so disappointed when m y husband and I went to Burgr last weekend.  This was our second time we went to Burgr.  The first time (about a year ago) the food was amazing.  This time it was horrible!  Everything came out burnt.  Service was rude and very short with us.  It was not worth the wait or money.  We will never go there again.
4	We went on a Monday night around 8pm and the line was long. It wouldnt have been so bad if the heat from the sign wasnt making us both sweat like pigs.  Thank God we werent seated by that fire window of hell! Anywho, clearly we both ordered milk shakes which were amazing until we got to the bottom and the pudding that was formerly on the top was all that was left. It was a thick almost flavorless gunk that was less than appetizing which we could have easily done without. Having worked in restaurants it was disappointing to wait in line for almost 45 minutes to get inside and see that most of the staff had no sense of urgency. Tables that were empty sat uncleaned for much longer than I would expect and the appetizer didnt come out until after we were finished with our shakes. The wings were awesome and both burgers were delish (Farm & Hells Kitchen) but being 8 months preggo I ordered medium well and it was at best medium rare but I made it this far so I figured whats a little blood! Lol The fries and onion rings were average but the sauces were wonderful compliments. Long story short great food, polite knowledgeable server but slooow service and such horrible outfits on such pretty girls. We will return for the food expecting a wait, undercooked burgers (which normally I like) and milk shakes hopefully without the icky pudding!
2	First off it took an over an hour for our food to get there, making Ramsay a total hypocrite. He would have verbally assaulted himself if it were on one of his TV shows. The service was good, pretty simple menu. Which is the thing that bothers me if your going to have a simple menu it better be great food, and it just wasn't. Sweet pickles on a burger does not make it any classier. I don't care who you are or how classy you think you are, ketchup belongs on the table at a burger restaurant. Overall this place has all the bells and whistles looks great, but the food is average at best, and the restaurant itself is unorganized. Gordan Ramsay sold out and put his name on a below average restaurant.
3	A decent burger, but the prices are a tad high ($10 for french fries).
5	Amazing burgers!! So amazing.. That the boyfriend and I went twice in one day!!! Breakfast and dinner!! Breakfast-My boyfriend got the Euro burger medium well.. It tasted like heaven!! I got the Hells Kitchen Burger and no other can ever compare!!! Burger set the bar WAY UP!!  Dinner- boyfriend got the Euro Burger AGAIN (YEP THAT GOOD) I had the chili dog ... (Trying out the menu) and another bar setter! Ramsey took a hot dog and took it to a whole different level! Delicious!!
5	We went to Las Vegas to celebrate my daughter's 21st birthday. Being fans of Chef Ramsay's shows, my 21 year old wanted to dine at one of Chef Ramsay's dining establishments. Not a let down from the moment we were greeted by a very welcoming and friendly staff/manager, but all throughout the meal, we were delighted by all the food! The burgers/fries were the best we have ever tasted! On leaving, I went up to the manager and thanked her for a wonderful evening, celebrating my oldest daughter's big day. I said the only thing that would make this better, would be to have her meet Chef Ramsay. It turned out, that the famous Chef was actually showing up for this restaurant's anniversary and the topper of a fantastic evening, was the picture Chef Ramsay took with my daughter! Thank you so very much Chef Ramsay for an unforgettable memory!! Would love to visit your Hell's Kitchen some day!
5	My family and friends ate here to celebrate my birthday and even though it was Thursday during lunch time, the wait time was really long, but it was definitely worth it. We had the best hamburgers we ever had in our lives!  We had the hell's kitchen hamburger, the Euro burger, the American and Blue.  We went back the next day for more lol
3	We were looking for a delicious cheeseburger that wasn't from a fast food joint or some crazy high end place.  This restaurant is a great choice if you want to split those.They have a really fun tech menu for drinks.  Didn't get any but was cool to see that.  I got the blue cheese burger, my girlfriend got a more standard american cheese, and we split the parmesan fries.  The blue was a bit gamey for my liking but was still very good.  Cooked to my requested medium nicely.  It would have been nice to see the fries more crispy, though, they were tasty.  The standard american cheeseburger was what really stood out.  There's something to be said for excellence in simplicity.  That burger had it.If i could do it again, I would get the standard cheeseburger and try one of their shakes.  P.S.  If Burgr reads these, you should offer a tasting flight for your shakes.  Pick three minis for the price of one - or something along those lines.
3	Ummm not as good as I expected. I honestly don't think the burgers were as good, the wings were decent, ketchup was weird, the fish and fritz were great though. Prices are decent. Would recommend it just to try it out but not my personal favorite place for burgers.
4	I had a Ramsey trifecta in thr beginning of April in Vegas, three Gordon Ramsey resturants in the week. I have been to Burgr three times at this point and can tell you that I still compare all other gourmet burger establishments to this one. Again great staff, excellent atmosphere,  and of course the burgers are the star!  If this is your first time to a Ramsey restaurant I say start here if you are in Vegas. Excellent beers on tap to quench everyones thirst!
5	Amazing food! My wife and I noticed it walking down the strip, and beings fans of Gordon Ramsey, decided to give it a go. The wait time was about 30 minutes on a Saturday evening. The environment inside the restaurant is a lot of fun, but not too crazy. The waiter was very fast and professional, he knew the menu very well and gave outstanding recommendations. The beer batter onion rings are to die for, cooked perfectly, seasoned well, and comes with a really nice ranch and barbeque dipping sauce. The burgers were amazing. Juicy, but didn't have that nasty, gritty greasy texture that 99.9% of burgers out there have. The chicken burger was very good as well. Finally, top it off with an Oreo shake. The shake was so smooth and creamy, and at the same time wasn't so rich it would make your mouth raw. Overall, or experience it was top of the line, and is definitely on our favorite list for when we come back to Vegas next time!
2	I have sort of been on a mission to try all of the best burger places in Vegas so I decided to check out Gordon Ramsey's.  I did not care about the long wait or the terrible service or the high price as that is all pretty standard in Vegas....... but I was really disappointed in the food.  Mediocre would be being kind to be honest.  I have found most of the top end burger places to be pretty similar in quality so I was really surprised at how bad it was.  If the positive reviews of this place from others are true it seems at a minimum they are not consistent as no amount of positive thinking could have salvaged my dry little burger with just a sprinkle of Blue Cheese off on one half (just barely enough to justify calling it a Blue Cheese Burger) and an unhappy looking piece of arugula.  It was so dry and bland that I had to specially ask for some catchup (as none is available) just to liven it up.  It was the first time I put catchup on a so called "gourmet" burger in my life.  If I had gotten it  a food court somewhere I would have thought nothing of it...... but it does not even approach some the best gourmet burgers in Vegas.
4	Omg, the burgers here are DELICIOUS. This is definitely a MUST try. The only reason it got one star was because the hostess was little ms. snooty pants. Our waitress and the food were top notch though. All in all, pricey, but delicious. Oh, expect a longer wait if its a party of 2. Thankfully, it was 4 of us and we were seated within 10 minutes on a Wednesday night.
1	I have an idea....let's make everyone in line stand next to a burning hot fire. Sounds good.
4	Long wait, over 35 mins wait in line outside of the resturant, I don't understand why they don't have better method for table waiting like giving a pager, when u have a resturant in a casino hotel, isn't a better idea to let people free to hang around n play?? The long wait is not fun. Lots waitress but it took 10 mins for waitress to show up say hi. Slow service. Well, food is really good and in a very good price, 12-16 a good burger is cheap in Vegas. If they fix the wait problem n slow service it's a easy 5 stars for them
4	Finally!!  I get to eat a burger.  It's been 40 days and 40 nights since I had some red meat.  I admit, I am a carnivore and giving up red meat was no easy task.  So what is the first thing I'm craving?  A burger, of course.  So, BurGR it is.  Service:  Unique situation when we arrived for dinner.  It was around 5 PM on Easter and they were closed.  Apparently, BurGR had a small fire the night before and all the inspections kept them from opening on time. Not a big deal to me.  Safety first, right?  Once they opened for business, we were seated right away and our orders were taken fairly quick.  Our waitress was attentive and kept our drinks full.  So far, so good. The Food:-American Burger:  I'm old fashion when it comes to a beef burger and decided to keep it simple.  But I also needed to make up for being meatless for so long.  So, I had them add an extra patty.  This was perfect, this was huge.  My burger was cooked medium-well and it was both tasty & juicy.  My only regret...wish I didn't get this with cheese.  The cheese was a little salty and took away from the burger. I managed to eat the whole thing.  Obviously, I was satisfied.  Obviously, I recommend.  -Sweet Potato Fries:  This was Ty W's and Lore D's order.  But that didn't stop me from taking a few pieces.  I thought that these were pretty good. They hook up the fries here.  It's big enough for 4.  -Truffle Parmesan Fries:  I read reviews that this is really good. I thought that they were just okay.  Maybe it's the batch that we got.  I just thought that the ones that I had were a little under cooked.  Still tasted good, though. Overall, I recommend BurGR if you're craving a decent burger.  Price is about average to what you expect to pay in a restaurant on the strip, especially one owned by Gordon Ramsay.  PS:  I had another great dinner with Terri R (who happened to come here last year after giving up red meat for 40 days), Terri's teen, Ty W, Lore D, and their son.  I had a great time and we all deMELished our burgers.
2	Pros: Open late, 2AM on Friday. Good service, food came out at a reasonable time. Cons: 30-minute wait at 11:30PM. I ordered the Fish Sandwich and it was fishy so I didn't eat it. My friends were not thrilled about their burgers. I think the only decent burger was the Farm Burger with the duck bacon and fried egg.The fries came with two gourmet ketchups. I cannot remember one but I definitely remember the other. Don't get me wrong, I love indian food but this tomato + curry flavor was all wrong! I have had curry ketchup before but this one was not balanced. So I ordered a regular ketchup and all I could say think was I want some Heinz dangit!Final Impression: For the price and the famous name, it didn't live up to the hype.
3	Excellent Parmesan fries. Great presentation. Excellent setting, but.... Burger meat was very average. My husband tried the veggie burger. If he didn't add toppings at extra cost, it would have been tasteless. A decent place, but nothing fantastic considering how many excellent places there are in Vegas. Average meal without booze is about $25. Be prepared to wait an hour at least. Feel no need to return.
4	This was really a nice meal and is MUCH better than Ramsay's terrible "pub" down the road.  Server was excellent as was the food.  I enjoyed my Farm Burger and the rings and fries were really good too.  Beer selection was great and it was good and cold.  The bun on the burger was perhaps a bit too "bunny" but other than that.... good experience.
5	All I can say is BEST burger I have ever had. I ordered the euro burger and it was so good it was hard to believe I was eating a burger. It was just so good, I also had a side of onion rings. Just a heads up the onion rings or gigantic. My bf has the hells burger with a side of Parmesan/truffle fries which he also loved.The price was a little high but my burger was well worth it.
2	We must have had a really "off" experience, based on other reviews.Food: Ordered pork bao buns, onion rings, farm burger, and euro burger minus cheese. Buns and onion rings were both somewhat bland. Pork belly on bao buns was charred/tough. Ordered burgers medium well and sent them back after they came out rare. When prepared a second time, my husband's was very well done (charred). Mine was made with cheese and had to be sent back a second time. Neither burger had an outstanding flavor profile, we mostly tasted the char-grilled, black outsides of our burgers.Service: The manager is outstanding. He was very professional and comped our drinks to make up for the mishap with the burgers. Our waitress and another male staff member who assisted were also extremely friendly and apologetic. 5 stars for service, 1 star for food= 2 overall. If you want a GREAT burger that is moist and flavorful, try Guy Fieri's new place at the Quad!
4	From one foodie to another, I mean it when I say this: THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD, YOU GUYS. SO GOOD.Originally my group of 4 had planned to come here for dinner around 7. But when we arrived, were told that the wait would be at least an hour long. The good news was that they would text us right before our table was ready, so we were free to walk around the area (tip: shop around the Miracle Mile Shops!) to kill some time. The bad news was, we were on a time crunch, and didn't want to eat dinner in a hurry.Instead, we came back for lunch the next day, around 12:30, and we only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table! Once seated, we were greeted by our incredibly gracious and knowledgeable waiter who seemed to know the menu inside and out. He recommended the crowd favorites, which include the Farm Burger, the Hell's Kitchen Burger, and the Euro Burger.All of the burgers sounded so mouthwatering-ly delicious, but I decided to be daring, and try the Euro Burger. Not everyone's cup of tea I'm sure, since it contains goat cheese, but I thought it was amazing. Anyway, the wait was longer than expected, which is the reason why I docked a star. They didn't seem understaffed on the floor, but it was definitely crowded at the prime lunch hour. It took about 20 minutes for us to receive our food, and maybe that's not exactly an eternity, but it kind of is when you're starving and breathing in that delicious beef aroma.When the food finally came, all frustrations diminished. Every bite, from start to finish, was like a little piece of food heaven. Mind you, I don't consider myself a burger person at all (I do like to satisfy my In N Out craving every now and then), but this was definitely the juiciest, most perfectly-cooked burger that I've ever had the privilege of trying. The goat cheese wasn't overpowering at all, and in fact, complimented the burger quite nicely. I also tried the Parmesan truffle fries, which were yummy as well. The fries were good, but what made them amazing, was the truffle aioli dipping sauce. I was pleasantly stuffed by the end of the meal, and on what I can only describe as, a food high. Or food coma. Whatever tickles your fancy.Despite the long wait, I think this place is worth the hype, and I'll definitely go out of my way to stop and eat here next time I'm in Vegas.
2	it was just okay and pricey, to me nothing specail
5	My boyfriend and I ate here while we were in Vegas a few weeks ago, and we have not stopped thinking/talking about the burgers here since!! We came in here with very high expectations, since we are avid Kitchen Nightmares watchers and figured this restaurant had the highest standards, and I'm pleased to say every expectation was met. Our burgers were literally the best burgers we have ever had and we have been craving them ever since. We also loved the fries! The come with 2 delicious dipping sauces, and there was one that I LOVED, but I forget what the name of it was. The prices were also very decent for the quality of food we received. I HIGHLY recommend BurGR if you're looking for an awesome burger!
5	Wow.  I am so sad I live so far from this restaurant.  I want to eat here every weekend!!!!  Cool atmosphere.  Wait for two was pretty short.  Make sure you check in with hostess when you have a party of three or more otherwise when you have a table for two you just stand in line and wait your turn for a table. (We only waited about 25 minutes)Our server was real sweet.  I got the Hell's Kitchen burger with the peppers on the side so it wouldn't be too spicy.  Oh lord.  Love love love!!!!!!!  Highly recommend.  My mom got the Hog Burger.  Don't recommend.  It is cooked one way, really raw, greasy and didn't taste like much :/  For desert we had to try the sticky pudding :) it was good.  Not amazing but good.  Our total was $50 for two burgers (no fries), desert, and two drinks.  Not bad I say!!!  I will be back BURGR
4	Perfectly crafted, unique burgers.  Usually speciality burgers end up being to moist causing the bun to get soggy. Here, the burger were moist with interesting topping and compiled so perfectly (they don't even fall apart when you bite into them). I personally tried the Hell's Kitchen burger which was a tad spicy. Someone else at my table had the Euro Burger with goats cheese which was excellent. Shakes are amazing as well!
5	Everything was great. Chicken wings to start. All Burgers were yummy. Service was great. Eric the busser made our experience perfect
3	I've been dying to try Gordon Ramsey's BurGr!  It was semi hard to find at first because it wasn't on the directory. I love being able to go grab some Fat Tuesdays while waiting for our table. They send you a text when it's ready. SOOO much easier than standing in line HANGRY! It was an hour and half wait at around 3:30pm on a Saturday. After buzzing and chilling, we got the text and was seated immediately! Servers were great and attentive.  We ordered the Truffle Parmesan fries which was delicious! Loved the truffle aioli sauce it came with! The ketchup was different. Bun bao was delicious as well but not mind blowing, cause well, we aren't in an authentic Asian restaurant.  I got the farm burgr (medium rare) because of the popularity on yelp. Not sure if I was full or too buzzed off of some Fat Tuesday but it was mediocre at best.  The beef was extremely soft, but the burger was a bit bland. Wished I had some aioli in there! Would definitely still come back and try a different burger next time!
5	My first visit to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. I was very pleased with everything! Service was impeccable. I ordered a Euro burger mid rare and truffle fries. Every bite was amazing. If you like spicy, try the jalapeno margarita. It's garnished with basil.
5	This is by far my favorite place to get a burger in Las Vegas. Not only are their burgers amazing, but they have the best truffle fries. I hate going to the strip as a local, but I go way out of my way to visit this place. I wish there were more of them!
5	This was by far the best burger I have ever had. We had the euro burger and the Hell's Kitchen burger. Both were made to perfection! So tasty and an abundance of flavors!!! We had the parmasean fries which were sooooo delicious. The truffle aoli was amazing. We also had the cherry whiskey lemonade. The drink was  strong and full of flavor. We will be back here for sure!!!
5	Have been to this place three times now and have enjoyed it each time. We started with the poppers which are amazing. I had the fresh chili dawg which was wonderful and huge. My dad order the fish sandwich which was equally as good. I would recommend this place.
1	Seriously? 4 star average out of 1515 Yelpers? I guess most of the peeps giving the BurGR 4 stars are used to eating leftovers or frozen microwave foods. I don't mind standing in line for 30 mins on a Tuesday night at 8:30 pm. I don't mind waiting 45 minutes for the burger everyone loves the Farm burger.. Just prove me it's worth the wait. It doesn't even taste on the level of Cheesecake Factory's burger which is $4 cheaper! After being able to seat then waited 45 minutes! Really? For a burger that they just added sunny side up egg and duck bacon? Their lucky they don't hire chubby waitresses. The servers gave great customer service so far. But for an ordinary burger like the Farm burger and Hells kitchen burger. Don't waste your time. They weren't even warm when it got to us.My nephew who ordered the Hells Kitchen burger which is supposed to be hot or spicy that I recommended according to "Yelp reviews," told me it's not even hot and it tasted ordinary LOL! One common word to describe..Overrated.
5	Im just gonna say it. Best burger ever. Got the hells kitchen one rare and it was heaven. HEAVEN! !!
5	Absolutely LOVE this place. Have been going here for my birthday the last few years and I can say that I have never been disappointed, EVER. The service is so awesome and the food is even BETTER. Longer wait times, but it is worth it for something this delicious. If I could give them a million stars, I would!
5	The food here is fantastic.We started off with the jalapeno poppers, sweet potato fries, and the truffle fries for appetizers. The dips for the fries were delicious! I really liked the vanilla powdered sugar on the sweet potato fries because the sugary sweetness was such a unique addition to FRIES. The poppers came nicely plated in these shot-glass dishes and were tasty as well.My friend and I exchanged the halves of two burgers so we could try more variety. I had both the Hell's Kitchen Burger and the Farm Burger. The patties were cooked to a lovely medium rare, the buns were fresh, and the individual ingredients for both burgers blended together nicely. In my opinion, I liked the Hell's Kitchen Burger slightly better though because of its lighter and more refreshing flavor. Don't get me wrong, the Farm Burger was great in its own way. You can really taste the duck bacon along with the savory egg and cheddar combo.The service was very attentive and er.. pretty attractive in its own way hahaIf I ever come back to Las Vegas (hopefully soon!), I'm totally coming back!
3	I assume Gordon Ramsey himself reads every single one of these reviews. How could he not?He cares about the quality he throws his name behind, right?Because if it sucks balls, then his rep as a bad ass celebrity chef is in risk. So, hello Gordon, I think you're a neat fellow. I will now switch to my best British impersonation, stolen from the great Monty Python. Those guys were also neat. (Just pretend this is written in British style English, ok? Thanks.)The quality of this fine establishment is excellent.I had the farm burger, with "duck breat bacon, fried eggs, and something else."Maybe there was nothing else, just those first two things. Regardless, it was a good burger. But like all things Vegas, the presentation is prettier than the substance. The service was rushed and slightly rude. Not to me though. All the girls are nice to me, because, well, who knows. But the gentlemen flanking me at the bar apparently were asking too many questions and/or the waitress was having a bad day. I laughed at their failure to please the server. And also, there's the issue of price. $24 for a fancy burger and fries?Thus the reason for 3 stars instead of 4. If I'm paying $24 for a burger, I'm expecting the greatest burger ever made. And this ain't it. Tasty, but not the greatest. At least gimme grass fed beef, or a lap dance. That last one would probably be more appropriate. Go here and wait for an hour plus, take pictures with the Gordon Ramsey photo, and embrace the typical Vegas experience.
5	Amazing burger..had the Hell's Kitchen burger with truffle fries..best fries I have ever had, meat was very juicy and tender..recommend to everyone
5	Had a wonderful dinner before seeing Britney Spears. The burger and salads were fantastic. My only regret is being too full to have dessert. Don't worry Gordon we will be back. Happy Customers :)
4	I give this place 3.5 stars. I marked it a four rather than a three because of that friggin awesome push pop dessert. So I arrived on Friday at around 6pm and there was a line along the restaurant at Planet. We ended up waiting a good 45 minutes before getting seated and you can definitely avoid that huge line at weird times like in the morning or late dinner. Farm burger- $15 for duck breast bacon and fried egg. This burger was alright. I shared this and it was enough since we ordered fries. The egg is barely existent and the meat was ok. I guess I am not much of a burger person but when something is good, I know wassup. This wasnt quite up to par.Truffle Parmesan Fries- Hmm nothing special about these again. The fries were a bit soggy and I just wanted crispy. THere is some cheese sprinkled on top and there is truffle sauce and ketchup. I opted for the ketchup so that was a waste in ordering this.Sticky Toffee Pudding Push Up Pops- OMG bombbbb. This thing saved my meal and I was soo happy. It comes with two for $7 and at first I thought it was weird to be pudding but it really just is peanut butter ice cream with cake pieces in between. Delicious!! I love peanut butter and cake so these were the perfect size and so yummy. I wanted to get another round before I left for Vegas but that would be too gluttonous.**TIPS**1) Come at awkward times if you do not want to wait 45min-1 hour. I didnt see a line around 11am or 9pm or so.2) Do without the fries and get the Push Up Pops!!!3) Enjoy!
5	So excited to come here tonight! Love Gordon Ramsay! It lived up to all my expectations and more. The service was fantastic and our waitress was amazing! My husband and I both had incredible burgers, a great milk shake and the sweet potato fries were killer! I'm already craving it again! 5 star meal and with water we got out the door for 60$. Not bad dinner for 2!
5	I ordered the farm burger and it was tasty! Ordered the sweet potato fries with the sugar powdered vanilla and those were great too. Customer service was great as well. I would go back!
4	We ate here as we were staying in the Elara which was connected to the miracle mile shops and Planet Hollywood. The service was on point but you could tell they definitely are trained to up-sell drinks and side items. Their food was excellent and this was probably the best burger I have ever had/will have in a while. I definitely recommend this restaurant should you be in Las Vegas!
5	It was kinda crowded, so there was a wait to get in, but we left our number so we could walk around while we waited for a table. They texted us when the table was ready, which I thought was pretty cool. I had the Euro Burger which was soooooo good! I love the different flavors that I'm not used to having in a burger. The truffle fries were amazing too! I thought it was a lot of food that you get...didn't even come close to finishing it.  Wish I had room for more though because I wanted to try the desserts that everyone raves about. Will definitely be back the next time we are in Vegas and will be sure to have dessert!
5	I was in Las Vegas for work and wound up dining alone at Burgr. From the minute I sat down, the experience was an amazing one. I couldn't decide between the many delicious sounding burger combinations, and asked for advice from my waiter- he didn't hesitate before giving me info on my different options. I ultimately decided on the chicken burger with blue cheese and spicy mayo and a blood orange martini. The drink arrived quickly and was the perfect amount of sweetness without being overpowering. I was sitting at the counter in front of the open kitchen and watched as all of the food was cooked and plated- as I watched, I couldn't help but wish I had ordered more than just a burger. I commented on this to the Chef de cuisine Christina, saying how delicious everything looked. No sooner did my burger arrive than I was treated to a sampling of all of the amazing looking sides I had been watching come out of the kitchen. Each one served with a different dipping sauce, the three different types of fries, onion rings and poppers did not disappoint- they tasted even better than they had looked! And my burger was also the right choice- while not as spicy as I had expected, the burger was perfectly moist and the toppings all came together well. Dining alone can be a bit daunting, but between the fantastic service and delicious food, Burgr made my day!
5	The farm burger was so good. My friend also had the euro burger which was also good. The strawberry shake was to die for.  The services was also good.  Overall everything was excellent. I will go back soon.
4	We started off if a party of eight which is normal in #Vegas. The hostess solo us up into two booths back to back. After sitting we asked if they could combine 3 tables and they did. Our server came by and explained  the drink menu and then disappeared. Someone in our party had to raise her hand to get our server's attention. She came and took out order after another delay.Finally we ordered and out food came. The sweet potato fries was the best I've ever had and others at the table agreed. The burger was probably one of the best I've ever taste. The food gets 5 starts but the service was non existent...hopefully it was just our server and not representative of the entire staff... Overall I'll return and surely recommend.
2	Had the farm burger and truffle fries, honestly it was "meh."  waited over 40 minutes at the table and when the food came the burger was so sub-par . Meat was tough, flavor was simple. I swear In-N-Out makes a tastier, and juicier burger than this. Truffle fries tastes rubbery, were cold and all you could taste was cheese. Don't come here its not worth your money and time, there are far better restaurants in Las Vegas to pour your money into.
5	My experience here at Gordon Ramsay exceeded my expectations!! Let me just tell you that you will not be disappointed!This place is easy to find as it is located near the entrance of the casino at Planet Hollywood. As you wait in line, you'll be able to look at the touch-screen menu and gaze at the fiery decoration.We ordered:1. Euro Burger ($16): Truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula and oven roasted tomato. I actually preferred this over my own burger. This is probably my favorite one! The truffle was spot on along with the flavors of the burger. The goat cheese was a great complement to the meat and truffle. Just imagine a perfection infusion of savory flavors leaving you wanting more!! (5/5)2. Farm Burger ($15): Duck breast bacon, English sharp cheddar, and fried egg. Frankly, the only reason I chose this was because I was attracted to the idea of duck breast bacon. It wasn't that special as it just tasted like any typical bacon. However, the burger was delightful and delicious. But overall, I was eyeing my boyfriend's Euro Burger all night hehehehe. (5/5)Service was friendly and very attentive. Will I come here again? Of course! I want to order my own Euro Burger next time and maybe run into Gordon Ramsey himself! The staff told us that he visits the location every so often. :)
2	Best elongated dog I had!! Party of 2  we ordered 1 burgr and my fresh roasted chilli dawg took about 40minutes to get served!!! Yes 40 minutes!!! Took the whole "fresh" literal. I guess worth the wait when you are not starving.
5	So...we show up on Cinco de Mayo and there was an hour and a half wait for a table.  We told them we just got married at the Cosmo and suddenly were told it would be about two minutes for our party of five.  Pretty awesome start.  But that's not the good part.  I was ambivilant.  But from our server, to our cocktails, to our meals and the champagne provided gratis by the manager - everything was top notch.  Started with a great server - wish I could remember his name but he got married last September so I hope you know you are - who gave us some recommendations for cocktails.  We chose the Jalenpeno Ritas.  Oh my gosh.  FABULOUS.  Like the Best.Cocktail.Ever.  We ordered the jalepeno poppers (Incredible), the Vietnamese app (first time for anything like this for me and WOW), and the onion rings (homemade like everything else and done so well).  Nothing wasn't delish.  And then the burgers.  My new husband had the Euro Burger which he described as the best burger he had ever had.  And that's something since he's had A LOT of burgers.  I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger.  Deliciousness.  We are so glad my Man of Honor suggested this as an alternative to Mexican Food on our special day.  It really couldn't have been better.
3	Get here early if you want lunch...there is def a wait!Food was good but nothing extra special...a little disappointing because it is a Ramsay place.Service was very slow but nice...burgers are good but just not amazing. I suggest getting onion rings and fries....the onion rings are really good!!
5	Best burger of my life.  But seriously,  best ever!  I had the uber cheeseburger.  Amazing.  We also had the parmesan mushroom fries with garlic aoli.  Just deliciousness.  Probably overpriced , but it's Vegas and I was on vacation.  Our server was very friendly and attentive.  The wait time for a table was short.  I would definitely go back for another burger and fries . Only next time, I would save room for the toffee push pop dessert.  It looked amazing but I was too full.
5	My amazing husband and I took a fantastic getaway for two vacation to Vegas and as Ramsey fans we HAD to try one of this brands. Of course as a last minute trip we didn't get to his fancier restaurants, but a burger, ahem, burGR would have to do :) The wait on this particular day was 30 mins, which I have heard is amazing .  Of course if you're an elite diamond member you get to pass the line all together and get first priority. :)  If you have to wait in line...hopefully it's not a sweltering day outside because standing next to a wall of fire is HOT! Once seated you are presented with an iPad that shows you the desserts and alcoholic beverages. There isn't too much, so you don't get too overwhelmed. You're in, service is fast, and you're stuffed. Everything was amazing and prompt and correct! We even scored extra fries! The atmosphere is amazing but my only complaint is how close you are to the next table. It's close enough to dare conversations...but still close enough to be too awkward. Definitely recommend this place!
3	We came in around 11:15 am so we were seated right away and didn't need to wait in line. Our orders were taken right away but after that, waiting for the food took a little too long, maybe around 20-30 mins. I have been watching Gordon Ramsay for a long time now so I was expecting great food. I ordered Farm Burger while the hubby ordered the Hell's Kitchen. We both shared the Parmesan Fries with ketchup and truffle aioli dip. The dip was amazing and flavorful. Other than that, everything was okay. Not amazing, not distasteful. The burgers look small but they will surely make you full. We also got the Oreo Shake with Creme Brulee pudding and oreo cookie and it was too sweet for my liking. I believe this place is overhyped because of GR's name.
5	omg, I am going to move to Vegas for this restaurant. Afreakingmazing. My husband and i are huge gordan ramsey so we had to visit. I Had the blood orange Cosmo, truffle fries, farm burger and hells kitchen burger, I think it was all delicious but the farm burger was out of this world! There was a thirty minute wait but it was so worth it! Can't wait to go back to Vegas for another round!!
4	A very good but, the most expensive burger I have ever had. The restaurant was very nice and had a neat theme. I gave BuRGr four stars for the fact the the food was good and the cool experience. $48 for two beers and a burger with a side of fries. Wow!!
2	I have a general rule for celebrity chef restaurants: the more obviously it is named after any particular chef, the shittier it is in that chef's lineup. Gordon Ramsay BurGR, then, is obviously pretty damn low on his list of giving-a-shit-ness, given that he has not one but TWO references to himself in the name. There's also the tacky menu cover, which is just a giant picture of himself posing like he's a delighted gay man opening up his first superbly-well-endowed package. This place is total crap. The burgers are shit. The fries are boring. The ketchup tries way too hard (and is shit). The beers were warm(ish). The atmosphere is a cleaner version of a fast-food joint. The saving-it-from-one-star grace is that the workers were very friendly and laid back. But I really would rather spend my money at McDonald's. Or Burger King. Or Jack in the Box. Wherever, just not here.
2	Had high hopes for this place, but I was pretty disappointed.  My friend has some Platinum Rewards card so we only had to wait a few minutes even though there was quite a long line to get in.  Score!We started off with the Truffle Parmesan Fries.  Yum - you could definitely taste the truffle.  each got a burger of course.  I wish the fries had been more crisp however.  They also came with two yummy dipping sauces.  $10 for fries is way too much, though.  We all ordered a burger, of course:  Farm Burger (came w/ a fried egg), Euro Burger, and American Burger.  My burger was seriously burnt on the outside even though I ordered their recommendation, Medium Rare.  Ugh.  I would have returned it, but I didn't want to wait another 30 minutes for my burger.  My friend had them put the goat cheese for her Euro Burger on the side, but then made the mistake of smearing too much on it before she discovered she hated goat cheese.  :P  A trendy restaurant that doesn't deliver.  Not sure why the line is so long - I am assuming these are people who have never eaten there?  I liked Bachi Burger in Vegas much more and it was more affordable.  Burgr charges about $15 per burger and the patty isn't that large (and mine was burnt - did I mention that??).
3	Went for lunch with husband. I ordered fountain drink ($4), Caesar Salad ($12), your basic cheeseburger ($13), and a shake ($9). Husband ordered a drink, a specialty burger at $18, plus fries ($11), and a shake. Everything was fine. Nothing special, I've definitely had better. Some times it was like Gordon Ramsay just wanted to do something "fancy" and it was just annoying. Like he uses Roma tomatoes on his cheeseburger instead of sliced tomatoes.He added sliced apples to the Caesar Salad, again a "fancy" creative addition that I barely noticed. Salad was actually best part of meal. The shakes were arguably the worst. The first half is pudding. Like real pudding, but the pudding wasn't good, in our opinions, and then the rest of the shake was your typical milkshake that was gone in like 5 slurps. The shake was good, but my portion was automatically halved by having mediocre pudding on top. Sharing is simply not an option for the shakes. The fries were truffle parmesan. They were Ok. Again, fancy creative = over the top and I barely had any. The ketchup also tasted different, most likely Gordon Ramsay's own recipe. Wouldn't recommend, won't return. But again it is decent quality just not particularly tastey (or, therefore, worth the price).
1	where should i start ?  took 40 minutes to get my burger , Ok maybe there was a mix at the kitchen , ill let it slide . taste was barely ok , Fries were hard as if a 2 day old fries that got re-heated.total was $28-   Burger , Fries & a soft drink . What pissed me off was the heart burn i got , thru out the night had to have TUMS to try and help ...    You want a good burger in Vegas go to BACHI , hell, even go to 5 Guys, but do yourself a favor and SKIP Gordon Ramsay's BurGR . I doubt Mr. Ramsay knows how bad those fries tasted , i have watched his Kitchen Nightmares show & the way he bashes food quality and taste , had i brought him his own fries he would have spit it right out ...
5	They do not serve ketchup on burgers but you don't need it. This was the first burger in my life without ketchup. No need because the burger melts in your mouth.
5	My husband and I are completely sold on this place. It has become a must-stop spot on our Las Vegas trips, so we've been there a couple of times by now.First of all, this is a gourmet burger place so don't expect McDonalds pricing. Having said that, this Gordon Ramsay burger restaurant is very affordable to anyone looking for something extra but don't want to go all out and shell out cash for lobster and steak.  I'd say you'll end up spending an average of $25 per person, that's usually our tab, plus or minus a beer or two:) )Compared to other places around Las Vegas, it really isn't bad because lesser burger places charge about as much and don't leave you nearly as satisfied as BurGR does.Speaking of beers, they have some very good ones that are perfectly suited to their burgers, so ask your server for recommendations. I'm usually very happy with the beer here.The burgers here are wonderful, nice and juicy, very flavorful thick patties, obviously cooked to perfection.  My favorite burger is the Euro Burger. I simply love the goat cheese/arugula combination. I also really love the Uber Cheese burger.  Cheese, cheese and more cheese! Can't go wrong!  My husband is a big fan of the Farm burger, it comes with a fried egg on top, it's also really good.As far as sides are concerned, I think our favorite so far are the sweet potato fries.  It comes with powdered sugar (and they give you the powdered sugar jar so when you start losing the top fries with the sugar on it, you can add more yourself) and this delicious honey/jalapeno/mayo dip.  This has completely made me into a sweet potato fry snob, because I have yet to find any that measure up to these ones anywhere else.The regular french fries .... what I REALLY really really love about those is the CURRY KETCHUP that comes with them!! So good and so addicting!(So even if you think it's boring to order "just fries" ..... don't worry.  With this ketchup along, it is far from boring.)We usually end our meal with the tasty Sticky toffee pudding push pops.  It's a nice portion that fits perfectly in your belly right alongside the meal you just enjoyed.Last but not least, the staff is wonderful. Always very friendly and helpful and attentive to your needs. Definitely a Las Vegas favorite for us. After writing this review and thinking about these burgers for awhile, I'm kind of hankering for a Vegas trip all of a sudden...............
5	Always a line waiting outside, but you will find it worthy waiting! Great burgers! And the sweet potato fries are really good, too!
5	I FINALLY went  today to Gordon Ramsay's BurGR, with some friends visiting from out of town...It was worth the wait.  I ordered the Farm Burger and this was the best burger I have ever had!  I find it funny that an English chef created it.  I am normally NOT an egg on a hamburger fan and especially NOT an over easy egg, but this worked!  I wanted to dislike it so I would be tempted to return...EPIC fail on my part!  The sweet potato fries were awesome, although I couldn't taste any spice in the sauce.  Next time I will stick with water to drink or one of their killer milkshakes, $4 for a small glass of soda, even with a couple of refills is too much money.  But the hamburger and sweet potato fries were so good that I can look past that.  :)
4	Excited to go to BurGR. Don't go out for burgers all that often, but we loved the ones we ordered - Earth and Farm Burgers. They were juicy and moist, not dried out and just old bread. Truffle Parmesan Fries could have been crisper but were very tasty. Hoped for a wider selection of beers which seemed a bit reserved.
5	Amazing #BurGR :) The Creme Brule #Oreo #Milkshake is too good for words & I love #Gourmet food but I personally don't understand why anyone would substitute real bacon for #Duck #Bacon ...either way #GordonRamsey is a #Genius
4	Everything was amazing except the price.
5	The food is awesome here, if you try anything at all, you must try the parmesan truffle fries and one of the shakes! We ordered the All American Cheeseburger and the 3 cheese burger (cant remember the name exactly) but everything was so good! the service was awesome as well.  The Hostess needs a little more energy though, she yawned way too much sitting at the front and didn't seem to really want to do much, but the servers were outstanding! Will definitely come back.
4	Earth burger was absolutely fantastic. However, the service was below average at best. Go for the food, not the service and you'll be fine.
4	Between the fire display as you wait for a table and the elaborate tap system; this place definitely screams "hip & cool". I had the "hells kitchen burger" which was delicious. The chipotle ketchup is really good as well.
5	Ok. I didn't have to pay for this meal. It was a comp gift that was given to me as a wedding present, and will always hold a special place as our first real dinner together as newlyweds. That may influence my opinion a bit. We had a choice of a bunch of places, but as a fan of the various Ramsay shows, I kind of wanted to try one of the restaurants of his. We started off for the pub, but the lengthy wait and pushy people cutting in the line to check in was extremely off-putting. We'd admired the BurGR theatrics the night before, so decided to 'slum it up' with a burger instead. Sooo glad we did. The only negative about the experience was the very first encounter. Maybe it is the touristy atmosphere of the strip that makes those reservation desks such a harrowing experience, but if not for my hunger, I may have gotten annoyed and left this restaurant too. There is a long line stretching out from the restaurant, which we had patiently stepped in to wait. As I read everything in my line of sight, I noticed that there was a board asking you to check in with the receptionist before waiting, so stepped out to check in on the procedures. The gal gives me this disgusted look and quotes a wait time at me with an attitude, as if I am inconveniencing her by following the damn instructions. I harrumphed back to my spot in line, but was too tired and hungry to want to argue a third restaurant. I found out later that apparently they also do text messages to alert you when your table is ready? I don't know why she didn't offer that as my feet were sore from all the running around pre/post wedding, but whatever. Every hiccup just helps illuminate the quality of food, as if you can recover from that negativity, you've got to be good! Once our delightful server sat us, I felt better. The cocktail menu was fun and high tech and having stood next to the interactive menu board outside for what felt like forever, we already knew our orders. The atmosphere in the restaurant was just as vibrant on the inside as it looked to be from admiring the theatrics from the outside. Without worrying about cost, we went full force. I started off with the Gin Green Tea cocktail and we ordered the hummus and truffle french fries as appetizers. I could have ended the meal there. I had been worried about choosing a cocktail over the amazing looking beer list, but I can't resist a new gin based drink. The Gin Green Tea was an explosion of delightful flavors, that perfectly compliment the use of gin instead of trying to pretend it is a last minute substitute for some lesser alcohol. (I may be a bit biased about my gin, but my rum loving husband later agreed that it was the best drink in the house)  The hummus was, in a word, divine. I'd had some lackluster hummus leading up to this meal, and my tastebuds could have died and gone to heaven the minute I tried that perfectly textured, richly flavored concoction. In fact, I want more now, just thinking about it. I wondered about the truffle fries, as I swear I've heard more than one celebrity chef - and maybe even Ramsay - harp on the gimmicky nature of  using such an expensive ingredient on the most mundane things. But it worked well on the fries and balanced nicely with whatever heavenly version of ketchup came with it. Seriously, I've never been so happy to eat fries and ketchup in my life. As my fella' made the mistake of texting our Ramsay loving friend the awesomeness of our meal, I took the opportunity to dig heavily in to the appetizers, a decision I do not regret in the slightest. By the time our burgers came out, I was so satisfied I could only manage a few bites. I had picked out the Britannia burger as I love Mango Chutney. It was extremely tasty, but I wouldn't mind trying another burger some time when my stomach isn't already too full to really note the taste of what I'm eating. My only note on the food from eating the leftover burger would be that I feel like I would have liked a bit more chutney. Still, I probably could have asked for some if I'd actually noticed that night and I imagine as chutney isn't a very American thing, most folks probably prefer it on the lighter side. Overall, it was a delightful experience that met up to my high expectations. Everything came out extremely promptly, the server was a paragon of efficiency and service, and the food was delicious. I see a lot of folks complaining about price, but for a high end burger joint with a celebrity chef at the helm in the middle of tourist central, it seemed extremely reasonable. The man and I each had several drinks, two appetizers and the burgers for just at the $100 mark, which we were aiming for. We probably won't come back all the time or anything, but I already am looking forward to future date night/special occasions here.
3	This is a solid 3.5 but I'm a gonna round down because the wait is a little excessive, and on top of that, the service is slow.I like their system for handling the popularity, although I'm not sure how well known it is because there always seems to be a huge line. A hostess hovering by said line is willing to take your name and info along with your cell number; the staff will then text you when your table is ready! Easy, peasy. During this time, we headed over to Earl of Sandwich to deal with some of hunger pains. A bit unfortunate for this review of BurGR because the food at Earl of Sandwich was much better! Now, I've had similarly pricey gourmet burgers so I didn't find the cost here to be shocking. And given that this is Vegas, the portions are pretty good for the $. No complaints from me on that end. But the burger itself was really "just" okay. Not bad by any means but not so great that I would want to make a special trip out here. Gun to the head, I'd vote for the Farm Burger as my fav--but really, a fried egg makes everything better. The use of iPads and technology makes the whole dining experience fun too, but I think the biggest draw of this place, for me, was the milkshakes. We shared the #5 which I believe was the hazelnut pudding and coffee shake. The top is a creamy pudding-mousse that tastes incredible as is, but also amazing when mixed with the coffee milkshake. The presentation leaves something to be desired but I guarantee you it tastes so much better than it looks! I liked this fancy interpretation more than real milkshakes--so much so that I haven't even had a standard one since. The sticky toffee push pop desserts seem to be popular too, but I saw a couple at a nearby table order them and they looked seriously disappointing. I felt bad for them. Stick to the milkshakes (although they will come out with the meal rather than at the end, since apparently in 'Murica we don't consider milkshakes dessert).So yeah, unless you're staying at Planet Hollywood or somewhere nearby, I'd probably skip out on BurGR. Or if you're eating somewhere else nearby (I recommend Earl's), then at least visit here for just desserts.
5	In a word... Flawless. As (somewhat) expected, BurGr delivered. EuroBurger was delivered hot, cooked to a perfect medium. Sweet bun toasted expertly. Didn't have a ton of time - Service was excellent at the bar (Mark). Will be back - Sweet Jesus, that was tasty... I feel like a should go back to the room and pray. Gobs of tap beer also... Spectacular! Funny story: the staff wear Gordon Ramsay bedazzled bluejeans... Ha!
3	Went here with my family to check out what all of the hype is about. FYI--if you are thinking of eating here anywhere close to a normal eating hour, prepare to wait.After reading many Yelp reviews, I decided to go with the Britannia burger and the truffle fries.The Britannia burger was decent, though nothing amazing. The meat was seasoned pretty well, but everything else was a bit lackluster. I don't know if it's because I have been in the LA burger scene too long, but I was not impressed.The truffle fries were even more disappointing, as they failed to even impart any truffle flavor.Another person from my group said that the sweet potato fries were delicious but I did not have an opportunity to try them.Overall, this place has average burgers, Vegas prices, and a long wait. Might as well skip it and try something else in my opinion.
2	I'm really surprised that Gordan Ramsay can put his name on a restaurant like this. I was so excited to finally try this place after seeing it featured on Master Chef. I am sad to say that I am greatly disappointed with the results.One positive note about the restaurant was that  the hostess took down our name and phone number to call us when a table was available. Instead of standing in line for 30 minutes, we were able to walk around the casino. Ambiance of the restaurant was great. The fire decor at the window was sick and gave the restaurant a lot of character. We ordered the Chantarelle Burger, Honey-Pig Bun Bao, and Truffle Parmesan Fries. The food was good, savory, and flavorful,  but definitely not unique enough to justify the steep prices. The BIGGEST reason why I deducted 3 stars from the overall experience was because of the customer service. I want to call out our waitress Melissa. I am shocked by her attitude when it comes to serving tables at a Gordan Ramsay restaurant. Whenever we needed her to order or ask her to get us something, she was ALWAYS standing by talking her friends. The lack of service was astounding. Not only was she talking to her friend in the kitchen unseen, but she was always standing nearby our table. I never had to sit by and wait for a waitress to finish her long conversation before asking her politely to take our order. If I wasn't in a party, I would have left her $0 tips. In fact, we thought the food runner served our table much more than Melissa. He never left our water cups unfilled and was always there when we needed something. If there was a way, we would have given all of our tips to the food runner than to our server. I wanted to write this review to really call out what terrible service I had at BurGR. Maybe I will give it a chance again and hopefully we will not get the same server.
3	Been here twice, the onion rings are insanely good! The burgers are mehhh...really dry and plain. If your stuck on the strip though and don't want to pay a fortune for food but want a nice restaurant to chill at it's good for that. But if your looking for an amazing burger go elsewhere.
1	The best thing we ordered was the hummus appetizer.For a burger place, that says a lot. We were two vegetarians and two meat eaters eating at Burgr. The place was recommended by a Vegan friend so we thought - hey should make everyone happy! The hummus was great, though came with some weird veggies to dip with such as green onions? Flat bread was good too though they only gave us 4 little triangles. We had to order more as had so much hummus left over and were charged $4 extra which was a bit steep for more bread. Most restaurants will just bring you more. The veggie burgers were very very average. Just a Portabello mushroom cap. I've had better elsewhere. We also ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger which was recommended by the waitress as one of their most popular and the Chicken Burger. No rave reviews here. The Hell's Kitchen Burger arrived stone cold and underdone (my friend had specified she preferred hers medium-well). We sent it back and the burger was still underdone but we had given up by that point. Expect to wait up to an hour or more for you table. Luckily, the hostess will take down your cell number and text you when your table is ready so you can go to the mall or have a drink somewhere. Overall: Go eat elsewhere. Don't waste your time.
5	Presentation meets taste expectation Must have the furry wings and blue burger. Everything here is delicious. Will come again
1	Sad, pricey and dirty.   A' la carte is another word I would use.  When you order a burgr, you get a burger.  They don't have chocolate milkshakes.   .Sorry!   But.If you would like a piece of chewing gum, that they do have...  ...Just check under the table.  Yum.
3	Food: Hell's Kitchen Burger, Maui Onion Rings, and Stone ruination for the beer.The burger was great.  I had it "medium" and it was juicy and perfect. It has jalapeno, so it can be a bit spicy for some people and I liked the kick it had.  Maui onion rings was good.  The beer was very good. A little bit bitter, full flavor, just the way I like it.  I'd recommend it.Price: For a premium burger, the price was reasonable.  Mine was $13.  Onion rings and fries were too expensive.  They range around $7, just too much.  It is fries and onion rings after all.  The beer was $8, I think.  Worth the price.Service: Long line! Once I was seated the waiter came quickly but I think it took 25 min to 30 min to get my "burger".  I know it's not McDonald but unreasonably long wait.  The kitchen staff were full speed...maybe they need a bigger kitchen and more staff.  Friendly service.Conclusion: I'd love to go back to try other burgers and fries.  But only when I'm on vacation as the wait is looooong.
5	Euro burger was fantastic. I don't care what it costs. Was great. This is now my new favorite burger place in Las Vegas. No more Burger Bar.
4	Possibly our favorite meal in Vegas.You start waiting in line next to a big window with fire shooting up.  It gets a bit toasty because, you know, FIRE.  Strange.Our server was really nice.I enjoyed my Southern yardbird chicken burger.  It came with sharp cheddar cheese, mustard barbeque sauce, pickle and butter lettuce.  It was really well seasoned.We also ordered the onion rings and they were pretty awesome, though I wish there were more.It's a bit strange we had to wait for a table, since the restaurant seats 200 and we saw empty tables when we walked around it after our meal.
3	Look.  It's nothing more than a $13-a-burger burger joint. Pretty nice burger. Not the best.
1	Bland burger. Very disappointing. Long wait, bad service, bland food. Gordon Ramsey would have not been happy i can assure you. Ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and there was very little spice or flavor. Even had the stem of the jalepeno (the rough non-edible part) in there.
3	As much as we come to Vegas (about once a month), I have never had the opportunity to try Burgr (the hubby isn't a burger fan and would not wait an hour to eat a burger - can't say I blame him though), even though I've been dying to try it (oh, the hype). So finally, I get my opportunity! We were staying at Planet Hollywood, so after sending my hubby out to win us some money, I decided to get a Burgr burger to go. It is still a 25 minute wait when you get it to go. That was a bit surprising, considering that is was 12:30am, there was no line and the restaurant was only halfway full. There were 3 young girls at the front counter host stand. When I approached them, they were too busy nudging each other and pointing to different girls outfits who were walking by, and then whispering in each other's ears and laughing, to notice I was standing right in front of them. They came to a couple seconds later and one of them greeted me while the other two kept up their charade, oblivious to me watching them. So I just shook my head, placed my order and waited. I finally got my treasured Euro Burger to my room, 30 minutes later and my pockets 17 dollars lighter. It was really good. Cooked perfectly - medium rare, with the perfect amount of all ingredients listed on the menu. However, I have had better burgers. I expected there to be a punch in the taste, or for the flavors to stand out in some way that I have never had before, but sadly that wasn't the case. I don't believe the burger was worth that much money, but it was definitely a great burger. I wouldn't wait in line either for an hour for it, but if you feel fit to do so, enjoy!
5	Stayed in Primm for the weekend but HAD to drive into Vegas just to get a Burgr. We were here in January and had the absolute best burger in my life. We had to see if it was too good to be true so we came for a second time and like the first it was not a disappointment. The service today was top notch. Our server Matt Anderson was amazing and the perfect representation of Gordon Ramsey restaurants. Can't wait to be back from California for a 3rd time. See you in July!!
3	I'm a huge fan of fine dining and am used the formalities required to craft that experience but BurGR actually felt disrespectful.If you're a couple, you must stand in a line. They don't accept reservations.  You can't put your name on a list and go sit down in the adjacent hotel seating, you are forced to stand until they can seat you. (Cheeseburgers!!!) I hesitate to assume the line is intentional but once seated, it was clear that the hostesses were unconcerned with seating the many available tables. Red-ropes and lines? BurGR felt like a burger shack masquerading as the city's hot new nightclub. But this is Vegas where there are literally dozens of famous and lesser-known culinary gems that deserve our attention. I know GR is world-class chef but why should anyone forgo all that Vegas has to offer to spend the afternoon waiting for the privilege of eating a (albeit interesting) hamburger? We got two Hell's Kitchen burgers (served alone with no side) the pork belly buns, a milk shake and a coke and spent $58 before tip. Yes, the burger was VERY good (and I think myself a tough critic) but it was still a burger.  BurGR isn't reinventing the burger, it's improving on it. We saw out waitress twice but luckily the bussing staff was on their game.I don't mind paying top dollar for a special experience but take my time or my money, not both.
5	Perfect burgers . I will have a burger Everytime I'm in vegas at Gordon Ramsay's.....
5	First impression: this place must be good, there's already a line and is not even open!Atmosphere:Beautiful. Absolutely beautiful. And we had an iPad that showed us descriptions of our drinks... That was really cool. Which leads me to my favorite part of any restaurant establishment...Alcohol:Best drinks in Vegas.Nuff said.Food:We ordered burgers. Duh.And they were good. We got the blue cheese burger and the chanterelle burger with truffle fries. I mean after eating at Guy Fieri's restaurant with his Mac and Cheese burger full of cheese love and gooey goodness, I appreciated the simplicity of Ramsey's  burger.Although next time I've got to order that pork burger.Service:Our waitress wasn't bad, but she wasn't amazing. She did her job and really there's nothing to complain about.I will definitely be back.
5	My boyfriend and I had a great experience at Gordon Ramsay's restaurant. The menu was well-priced, and the food was delicious,  tasty, and innovative. He ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger, I had the fish & crisps sandwich, and we both shared the truffle fries. All were phenomenal, and we highly recommend them. It took a while for the food to come out, but we both thought it was well worth the wait. We arrived around 8:30 and were seated within five minutes, but I noticed that we beat a long line of people waiting for tables. I thought the Gordon Ramsay merchandise was pretty cheesy, but that was easy to ignore. I recommend this restaurant for anyone who is interested in trying a creative twist to the traditional burger and fries, give this restaurant a go.
5	After a horrible service at the Sugar Factory, we moved to BurGR and loved it.  It was definitely expensive, however the whole experience was top notch.  From the start we were very impressed with their wait system to be seated. They take your cell phone and will txt you when your table is ready.  We had very little of a wait, but it was a nice touch that we could go stand out and enjoy the fresh air on the strip while we waited.We had high expectations and although I'm not sure how, they surpassed them.  We eat out a lot and like simple food, so you could say my family are experts at burgers and fries.  We loved the food.  I heard several times from my wife and kids that the burgers were the best they've ever had.  My wife loved the Garlic Parmesan with truffle  sauce.  I had read about the sticky toffee pudding desert at another Ramsay restaurant so I ordered those for all of us and everyone loved them.  Their staff was a treat to be with also as they were friendly and top of things, including bringing refills before they were needed.BurGR is a top notch place, great service, nice friendly staff and excellent tasting food.  It's no wonder why Gordon Ramsay is so successful as he makes his places the best hands down.
5	Such a big fan of this place!! We did come at lunch time, so it was an hour and 15 minute wait. As soon as we were seated, we had excellent service. I got my water right away and they were always around to refill it. When we ordered our food, I loved that our waiter said we could have our fries come out before our burgers did, which I was so happy about because I came hungry. We ordered the Parmesan truffle fries which I really liked and a side of Maui onion rings, which I also recommend trying. Both are unique and you won't be disappointed with your order. The portions are definitely big enough to share, so keep that in mind. I ordered the American burger, which I also really liked. Everything about it was really good, there isn't anything I would have changed. I definitely want to go back and try the desserts, since I was too full to try it this time around. The service was great and it was an awesome atmosphere. So happy with my experience and I can't wait to go back again.
4	For a man who gets his panties in a bunch every time the kitchen lags on getting orders out, his restaurant sure was slow.We were told there would be a 25 minute wait.  We waited longer than that.  they pretty much told everyone there was about a 25 minute wait.  If you're standing an additional 4 people behind us, and we were told it would be 25 minute wait, i'm pretty sure you will have to wait even longer.If you are a total rewards or diamond member however, you get preferred seating.  Unfortunately, i could not find my stupid card, and the only way you can use it is if you have in on hand. Food also took a good amount of time to come out... the couple sitting beside us didn't get their food until a good 15-20 minutes after we sat down.  Make sure you're not in a rush when you visit, just in case service is slow! With that said, boyfriend and I were really excited about Burgr.  We started off with a Guinness and a Sierra Mist.  The only reason I even mention the Sierra Mist is because it's a Pepsi product, and a good majority of Vegas establishments use only Pepsi products, including Burgr :[  makes me super sad, as i'm all about Coca Cola.  But, moving on.  We ordered the Britannia (English Cheddar, Mango Chutney, and Arugula) and the Chanterelle (Chanterelle mushrooms, argular, figgy onion jam).  Both pretty good, but also very alike.  The only huge difference we noted was the mushrooms.  Makes sense.  Both had the Arugula and both were slightly sweet from the chutney and the jam.  The meat was super juicy and cooked medium.  Melted right in your mouth!  Also, I've noticed comments on the size of the burgers.  Honestly, I only managed to eat a little more than half.  The burgers are pretty heavy, which makes you feel fuller faster than you normally would.  Of course the order of truffle fries that we shared probably added onto the fullness.  Best truffle fries ever!  I'm usually not a fan of steak fries, but man, these were crispy and delicious!I was really set on ordering a shake, but honestly, glad I didn't.  Had no room left for anything else, and was already feeling kind of sickly full.  All in all, for the 2 burgers, truffle fries, beer and soda our bill came out to about 55 (pre tip).  With tip we spent around 66ish  for 2.  Would definitely visit again!
2	Two stars is for the service.This past memorial day vegas trip, I only needed one thing - no, that wasn't entry into clubs, free drinks, or a buffet... it was BurGR's oreo milkshake :((I walked in the sweltering heat from Mandalay Bay to Planet Hollywood. I think it took about an hour as I tredged through the unsettling heat that is Vegas. I contemplated taking a taxi, however I figured the calories should be burnt off anyway.Once Planet Hollywood finally came into view, my eyes widened and I was a very excited camper. Enter the hotel, and ask the security guys for directions to the beloved burger establishment. As I came near to the signature flames that encompass the brand, I realized that the one thing that I desperately wanted all year was about to be in my hands.I walked past the line, as I only planned to order togo. I asked the hostess, "Hi, I want to place an order for togo?" This was 9:15pm. Her answer? "I'm sorry, we're only doing togo orders at 10:15".What the fuck. My heart dropped but I couldn't really ask her why is that so, however as I write this review, maybe I should have brought it up with a manager - as I was a paying customer that risked my health in order to try to attain something four hours away from home. I couldn't exactly wait an hour, as I had to go back and get ready for XS's Night Swim. I begrudgingly cried out a, "thank you", and made my way the opposite direction. It's an interesting feeling, turning your back against the thing you love. WHAT THE FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!! Super sad panda.
3	One star for the service, 2 stars for the truffle fries (so good), but the farm burger I got was pretty bad and unsatisfactory. I asked for my burger to be well done, but I got it burned.  The bun looks nice, but it was very dry and flavorless, much like the rest of the burger. Honestly would prefer a big mac or an in n out burger compared to theirs. If you're going to buy burgers at this price in Vegas, I recommend going to Holstein's inside the Cosmopolitan. Much tastier!
3	had the farm burger .....and oreo shake...........shake is about 4 stars.........but the burger was just okay..........nothin special ...........might be back
4	Quite possibly, the best burger I have ever eaten. Service is meh.....  But food is really great. Not a big menu; they called it BurGR for a reason. I went twice in 5 days-it's that yummy.
1	I will never eat here again ! The girls working as hostesses have no clue of customer service . We waited in line for over 35 minutes for a burger . Once we got seated we placed our order and the people next to us who came in 10 minutes after got their food well before us . The young lady who brought us our food told me the burger takes 30 to 40 minutes . The manager came over and asked how everything was and I told him the food was fine and the service was terrible ! He really did not seem to care . I have never written a review before but I felt the service was so bad I had to let people know that if you want to over pay for a burger with terrible customer service this is the place . This was all based on my experience today and they have lost me as a customer for life .
3	Picture perfect. The food that is, not Gordon Ramsey, who's face is everywhere, a face only a mother could love. The burger was just great looking, unfortunately it was seasoned to death, I've never tasted such a salty patty. The onions really combined for that sweet and savory combo, but I couldn't get over the overly salted patty. The Sweet potato fries were great, the sugar and sauce made a great flavor profile. I won't be coming back, but it was a good burger experience.
3	Not sure if we hit this place on a bad day but was very excited to go, since I am a big Gordon Ramsay fan. We didn't mind the 40 minute wait in line and ordered three of the hotdogs and an American burger.The hotdogs were excellent but the burger was way over cooked to well well done and had no flavor.  I had one of these this bad at Islands once, but they took it off our bill.When we mentioned it to our server here, he just ignored our comments and charged us the full 115 bucks for lunch.Left very disappointed.
4	LOVE GR! so, since we couldnt afford his steakhouse, we opted for lunch at Burgr. The real flames on the sign were pretty cool. Fiiiiiiiiire! then there was a line forming with a sign that said "do not wait here until you check in with the hostess".  so, we left line to do just that.  after waiting to speak to the hostess, she said "oh yeah you just wait in the line".  ok..... Now we lost our place in line! annoying!the wait wasnt too bad tho (theyre lucky).  we were seated.  all the waiters and waitresses were good looking.  funny, he only wants good looking ppl working for him.  eh, dont blame him but i didnt think the women's uniform was very nice.  they were one piece tight ass short ass dresses.  all the men waiters wore his personal line of jeans with a gold "GR" on the back pockets.Our waiter comes.  very friendly.  everyone smiled, ask how your day was going, etc.then a young man approaches us because he sees my husband's Sabres hat.  He asked if we were from Buffalo.  We said yes, chatted a little, he asked what we were in Vegas for and we told him for our 20th anniversary.  he congratulated us and told us he was one of the managers there. I thought he was just a guest!then 1 minute later our waiter comes with 2 glasses of champagne! very nice touch GR!food did take a bit to come out but it was very good! overall very nice place.  Glad to have had at least something from one of Chef Ramsey's places!
5	Wait time - We went to eat around 9 pm on a Friday night and it was about a 10 minute wait, although I overheard 45 minutes to 1.5 hours for larger parties.Hell's Kitchen Burger - I ordered my mom the Hell's Kitchen Burger which, according to their menu, has "asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado, and an oven roasted tomato." We ordered the burger medium well and it came out perfectly medium well. That patty is thick, I mean really thick. We're not used to eating such thick burgers. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious and flavorful.Truffle Parmesan Fries - I really recommend ordering to share. Even though you might get a little greedy upon first bite, you'll have a food baby if you don't share it. This came with homemade ketchup and truffle aioli. My goodness this was the star of the show. Mom hoarded the aioli, but that's fine with me because she was hurting after ingesting too much fat later (hehheh). The fries came out hot and crispy and well-seasoned. It had a hint of truffle but not too much to overpower the flavor of potatoes and the ketchup went very well with it. The aioli was delicious as well, but I got a little overwhelmed dipping deep fried food into pure fat. The ketchup created a nice balance.Soba Noodle Chicken Salad - I ordered the Soba Noodle Chicken Salad which came with two skewers of chicken marinated in sriracha. The noodles are tossed in a cilantro honey peanut dressing. This is by no means a light dish, but I really couldn't stomach a burger. I didn't finish this and had a little bit of the burger and shared this with my mom. This is a cold salad but it was quite satisfying. I forgot how unhungry I was after having my first bite. I loved the texture of the noodles and the dressing was right down my alley. What could be better than food smothered in peanut butter? Well, it wasn't exactly peanut butter, but it was very peanutty. This dish has a sweetness to it and the spicy savory chicken skewers balanced everything out. The vegetables were crunchy and refreshing. My mom surprisingly fell in love with this dish. She's not too fond of ordering Asian-themed foods at non-Asian restaurants, but she finished all of her portion of the noodles and left behind some of the burger! That's a first for her.Service - All in all, this was a great burger experience. Service was efficient and fast. Food came out fresh, hot, and flavorful. We really wanted to try his famous shakes that is topped off with pudding, but we were just too full.
1	Incredibly slow service.  It took 10 minutes for a server to greet us...."drink order? ... what do you want to eat?"  Took my wife 15 minutes for her wine to arrive...the waitress was more interested in flirting with her co-workers....too many good restaurants in Vegas for poor service like this.  We will not be back.
1	Did I eat at the same restaurant as everyone else? I am SHOCKED by the glowing reviews.Burger was tasteless, bland, and had no condiments on it- just butter on the bun. Fine, if you're going to do that, at least provide some ketchup when you drop off the burger.Kale Caesar- ughhhhh... no. Just don't do it. I don't know what kind of dressing was on that salad, but it wasn't like any kind of Caesar dressing I've ever tasted. Truffle Fries- these were fine. Everyone does truffle fries though, so these were nothing special. The ketchup tastes homemade and a lot like marinara sauce, which was kind of a fun twist.Milkshakes- these were ok. We had two different ones and while they are nothing to rave about (I saw all of those pints of Haagen Dazs in your reach-in freezer, good to know that I can make these at home) it was just OK. I've had better milkshakes at In N Out Burger or Dick's Drive In.I did appreciate that they seated us right away (pregnant lady right here) instead of making us wait in line. And service was super friendly. So there's that.
4	I would give 3 stars but my hubby would give 5, so 4 it is. I got the American burger, I like a classic taste. Came with no ketchup, mustard, mayo as well as no dill pickles. I requested mustard but it never came, and they only had Dijon. The pickles were sweet, which I do not care for. Hubby loved it, the place was neat, had a lot of beers and ciders on tap and the waitress was super nice. I think you can get a much better burger at different locations without spending the money you do here.
5	Yeah, this chanterelle mushroom med-rare burger is in the top 3 burgers I've eaten in my lifetime.
4	Gordon Ramsay BURGR is a fun modern style twist on the classic hamburger joint (think 50's diner with modern detail). Location is superb at the entrance to Planet Hollywood, which as hotel/casino environments go is very approachable but also not so upscale. The restaurant has an awesome fire feature and the design aspects are very cool. Restaurant was open 11am-2am and we walked in around 1:00am to grab a delicious bite.As it go's with many places in Vegas, acquiring quality skilled talent is a challenge. This may explain the weak reception at the front desk, where it took three young staffers to figure out how to get us a table. On approach, one smiled and acknowledged us, the other stared blankly at me, and the third was ought-right arrogant and totally self absorbed. Most restaurants forget that the hostess is the face of the restaurant, the first place you make contact, and it sets the tone for the experience. So load up on quality talent in this key role, would be my advice for this and all restaurants looking to make a good first impressionBut once we got past that none sense, the experience was very good.Our server was great, the Hell's Kitchen burger with avocado and Asadero cheese was a really cool combo.The fries and onion rings come with chipotle Ketchup, and there's also a curry Ketchup that gives an Indian hint to the other seasonings and flavors.Good food, good location, fun concept. Staff works hard, is eclectic and funky, but hostesses should be recruited from somewhere where there's an actual motivation to be working as opposed to an entitled sense of inconvenience for having to seat you.If you're walking the strip late night or hungry during the day, stop here for one of the BURGR's
4	Get the farm burger and truffle fries!------------/-------------After dropping some serious coinage at Encore beach club (see accompanying review), we decided to find a restaurant on the Strip that wouldn't break the bank, but also wasn't Subway. I found this place on Yelp and they did not steer me wrong!First things first - it is located inside Planet Hollywood. So if you enter from the Miracle Mile shops on Las Vegas Blvd, be prepared to walk across the casino floor.Also, be aware that the line is only for party of two. If you have a group larger than that, YOU DO NOT NEED TO WAIT IN LINE. Just simply go to the hostess, and give her your cellphone number. She will text you when table is ready. As for the food:- pork belly Bao: the pork was closer to Chinese Char Siu (firm, not tender). Soft & sweet bun, like those you get when you eat Peking duck. - farm burger: GET THIS. This is a perfectly cooked burger (medium = medium), with a soft potato-type roll, toasted bun, and topped with a fried egg with a yolk that runs with the first bite. Awesome burger. - truffle fries: double fried steak fried topped with Parmesan cheese and served with two sauces--an aioli as well as a near ketchup. The best part is the Bloody Mary mix that serves the base of this sauce. Strong work, Mr. Ramsay!
5	Best burger in town! I have been here numerous times and it never gets old.
5	My boyfriend had the Hells Kitchen burger and I had the chantrelle burger added fontina cheese, truffle fries, sweet potato fries, Oreo shake and the sticky toffee pops. Everything was amazing and perfect! Wouldn't expect less for Gordon Ramsey...
4	Went to Las Vegas with my husband and we had to try Gordon Ramsay's BurGR. Didn't take long to find as it immediately inside to the left of the Planet Hollywood entrance. The line was long, but did move fairly quickly. Food was very flavorful and really hit the spot. To cap the evening off, we met Christina Wilson (former winner of Hell's Kitchen). Very exciting night for me as she was kind enough to take a photo with me. As for my husband, his only complaint was that he asked for a Jack n Coke but ended up with a Jack n Pepsi. According to him, big difference. The server was kind enough to replace his cocktail with another option.Looking forward to the next visit. Highly recommended.
3	Waited 30 minutes to be seated on a Saturday night, which wasnt too bad. Ordered Hell's Kitchen burger, Chanterelle burger, and truffle parmesan fries. Burgers were okay. Nothing too special. The fries tasted like garlic fries served at San Francisco Giants baseball games. Good experience but wouldnt come back again based on the prices.
5	Wow, just wow! This place is amazing! Gordon Ramsay delivers with this restaurant. The whole experience was awesome, from the time you put your name on the wait list, order drinks, get your delicious food, and then leave satisfied! They have a cool wait list system. They take your phone number and text you when your table is ready. Very convenient! When we got seated we ordered our drinks. I got a Mike's hard black cherry lemonade and it was so dang good! My boyfriend got a "draught" (that's how the restaurant spells it) Redds Apple Ale that was also just as good!We ordered the farm burger and American burger both medium well. We also ordered sweet potato fries and regular fries. Wow it was all so good! My farm burger had duck bacon and and over medium egg on it. The duck bacon was so amazing! I have never even heard of duck bacon but I loved it! And the egg added amazing flavor too! My boyfriends american burger was great too! He loved the pickles. He said it had the best pickles he has ever tasted! The meat was cooked perfect as well. The sweet potato fries were bomb! I was in love with them. The regular fries were good because they came with a really good dipping sauce.We were so excited to try this place and it delivered! When I go back to Vegas it will be a go to place every time!
5	Excellent hog and cod burger with fries. Blood Orange Cosmo was excelled and very cold. Great service and our waiter Michael was fantastic.
3	After looking forward to eating here I finally got a chance! However, the meal was decent, but a bit over-hyped for me.We arrived at around 9.30 PM on a Friday night, and for a table of 10, we were seated about 30-45 minutes later. I thought the decor was nice, it was kept to a minimum, but still classy, especially with the cool fire display near the entrance. Service was pretty friendly, helpful, and patient! I split the Farm Burger and a hot dog with my boyfriend. The Farm burger was served with cheese, strips of bacon and a couple over easy eggs, nothing on the sides. First bite was pretty good, oozy with the egg, and the meat was tender and blended with the bacon. But other than that, I thought after a while the BurGR started to get kind of boring, and turned into "just another fancy burger". Don't get me wrong, it was pretty tasty, just not the best I've ever had.The hot dog had a bit more flavor than the burger. Onions and toppings were well made and blended together, the hot dog itself loaded with spices. I'm glad I got a taste, but not sure I'll be back a second time unless someone reallyyyy wants me to go with them.
5	It is very rare that I give out the perfect 5 stars on a review but in all honesty, Gordon Ramsay should be proud of this location, it's staff and the awesome food!  5 stars is definitely deserving!  I was blown away by our server who was one of the best servers I have ever had.  He was in it the while time and a perfect attitude that made me want to come back for more!  Back all that great service up with an unbelievable burger and fixings......and Mr. Ramsay has a winner here!  Big claps, high fives and just an overall wonderful experience!  I couldn't be happier!  I cannot wait to go back and try the chili dog now!  Yum!
4	We've had the burgers here a couple of visits now and have enjoyed them and the warm hospitality. We've tried the Bleu cheese, hog burger, Euro burger and a few others and they were all excellent. Not too huge, just right sized. Share the Truffle Parm fries and you won't be too bloated to party for the rest of the evening! A nice collection of unusual draught beers as well.
5	YUM! A big group of my friends were visiting Vegas last weekend, and we all really wanted to try this place. We went on a Saturday, and we didn't make a reservation, so we were really scared that our party of 12 would have to wait a looong wait. We all arrived around 5pm, and we waited for less than 30min for our table! :)The majority of our group ordered the Farm Burger and we got 4 orders of Truffle Parmesean Fries for our group to share. Fries don't come with the burgers themselves and are sold separately, but one order can definitely be shared by 4 people or so. These fries were really goood. The Farm Burger had duck breast bacon and a fried egg in it. Mm, the bacon was hella good and the egg was perfect! I cut my burger in half, and the egg started to ooze, but it's great with the burger. What was also handy was that the bill came with a calculator! Hahaha, that was actually pretty handy for us since we had a big group. So, if you're in Vegas and want a good burger, go here!! Good food, good service and very accommodating.
3	I'm having a hard time giving BurGR 3 stars.  I love Gordon Ramsey and our apps were very good!  We had the wings (so fun with only the one bone), jalapeno poppers (so spicy!!!), truffle fries, regular fries and onion rings with our burgers.  I loved the truffle fires and one of the best onion rings I've ever had.  But....the wait time to get our food was sooooooooo long and my patty was almost raw.  Like that gross feeling of raw ground meat in your mouth...boo.  And I had the Britania burger but i swear i never tasted the chutney.  oh well.  We came here because my brother and his friend had lunch here the day before and they said their burgers were so good (one of them had the farm burger, I can't remember what the other one was).  But even they weren't as impressed with BurGR the next day.  If I visit again, I think I'll get one of the gorgeously delicious hot dogs I saw passing by.  And I'll make sure I have a bunch of time to kill as i wait around waiting for my food.
3	My boyfriend and I decided to have an early dinner before a show. This was our first time in Vegas and we were planning on going to all 3 of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. We were seated immediately as there was no line at that time. Our drink order was taken immediately and soon after our food order. That's where everything went down hill. Our server disappeared then another girl approached our table informing us she would be our server for the rest of the meal. Ok, no problem. Three tables who came after us received their appetizers and then their meals before us. We were annoyed so we attempted to flag down any server because we couldn't find ours. First problem, maybe there was a shift change happening, but there were at least 15 servers just standing by the computers talking. Eventually they disperse and we can see our server, but she and three other servers are laughing away with who appears to be the manager. We attempted to flag down other servers and even the manager, but no one stopped. We waited about 10 more minutes before our server approached our table and we informed her that we still haven't received our food. Her response was that it can take 20-30 minutes, but I politely let her know it's been well over 30 minutes since we ordered and other tables have received their food. She lets us know she'll check on it. When she comes back she says they made a mistake with my order and they had to re-fire it, that's why it's taking awhile. I found that interesting because I had an appetizer as a meal (honey pig bao buns), which is two small pieces of pork that I'm sure that could take 5-10 minutes to cook. When we finally received our food, it was AMAZING!!After such a bad experience the first time, we decided to try one more time. This time we had to wait in line, but no more than 15 minutes. Our server this time around was excellent! He was very attentive and even informed us we could keep our menus (which we weren't informed of the first time). Our drinks and our food was served to us promptly (and we arrived at a busier time than the first). When we paid for our meal, the server also gave each of us a Gordon Ramsay Burgr pen for us to keep, again something that wasn't offered the first time.The first experience I would rate 1 stars and only because of the food. But with the excellent service and food the second time I decided 3 stars would be fair.
5	Burgers are one of my favorite foods ever. We weren't really planning to come to BurGR but we happened to be near there so we decided to check on how long the wait would be. The wait for a party of 6 would've been 1hr+ but the lady at the counter suggested that we split into 3 tables of 2. That's what we did but the wait was still around 30 minutes. We were actually starving that day because we were walking around the strip after a really really long night. I think it was around 4pm and we haven't eaten anything so we were so hungry. This burger definitely hit the spot. It was so good and juicy. I got the farm burger and shared fries with my friend. We were a little too hungry so we weren't as hungry in the end, so we couldn't quite finish the fries. But overall, everything was amazing. The service was really good, our server kept coming back to ask us about our meal and it was really appreciated.
5	I loved it. The Burgr was delicious, people say expensive, but in PH there is Ketchup or something and the prices are almost the same for regular burgers. I love that the Burgr comes out exactly as identified on the menu, I cannot express how annoying it is to order something and then find that it has half a dozen other items added that are not listed. Our waiter was great and service was top notch. I will definitely eat here again.
4	My wife and I decided to hit this joint before going to the airport to catch our flight home.  We ordered the American Burger and the Blue Burger, with fries.  The food was excellent.  The dipping sauces for the fries were unique and tasty, and the burgers were very well prepared (and just plain delicious).The downside: Service.  Despite being seated within two minutes of arriving, our server appeared very distracted.  After receiving our food (from a person different than our server), she never - and I mean never - came back to check on us to see how we were doing and whether we liked the food.  She only showed up to clear the plates and drop off the bill.  If she had just paid a bit more attention to us, the tip would have been 25% (or more), and not just 15%.I wanted to respond to the survey they offered at the time we were paying (to provide feedback on the service), but the device they have for taking the survey (it looked like an iPhone or iPad) was not working.  I checked their website, and there is no "Contact Us" link to use to provide feedback.This is a great place to go for some great food.  However, they need to improve their service.
1	Wait was too damn long. Had to wait about 2 hours to get a table and then about 45 mins to get the food. I ordered Hell's Burgr and it was very tasteless and bland, also I got the truffle fries and they Okay not too bad. Service sucked but I can understand due to the rush.
4	When I got to Vegas, this place definitely had to be one of the places I needed to check out when I decided to explore beyond the tasty buffets (although I couldn't resist going to one as soon as I landed and checked in)Nothing beats a big, fat, juicy hamburger after a night of drinking and gambling. Especially one with duck bacon and over easy egg. YUMS! This my friends, is the farm burger. It is a MUST TRY! My boyfriend ordered the earth burger without realizing it was a vegetarian burger (essentially a mushroom burger). We added on a patty and when the check came out, they charged us an extra 7 dollars for the patty...14 dollar burger and 7 dollar for a hamburger patty...someone please tell me how that makes sense??  My farm burger was also 14 bucks as well. Besides the whole mishap the food is really good =). I will be back
3	Went for the first time on Thursday June 5th for lunch around  2pm. Might have given this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the customer service. There is a great variety of burgers for everyone to chose from however our waitress killed the whole experience. She introduced herself and left her iPad on the table to look at drinks then walked away.  The table right next to us had a waiter who took the time to explain the menu and recommendations as well as helped them pick drinks from the iPad. Our food took about 15-20 min to arrive. It was perfectly cooked and the fries were perfect for sharing. When it was time to pay the waitress gave us a checkbook with an iphone built into it. Who knows what it was for since she didn't explain it and the iphone was just on the generic home page. We were paying cash and the waitress disappeared for 15 minutes so we had to waive down a waiter to take our money. Everyone around us sounded so nice and helpful we just got bad luck I guess. On our way out we ran into the waitress again who was talking with the hostess, she didn't even bother to say thank you or goodbye.
5	Being a Gordon Ramsay fangirl, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to try one of his restaurants while in Vegas. And the boyfriend, being a burger fanatic, couldn't pass up the opportunity to try another burger joint. It was the perfect match (and perfect excuse) to line ourselves up for 40 minutes to get one of those coveted tables.All of the servers are extremely kind, helpful, and knowledgeable about the burgers. Each one comes out in a perfect sphere of deliciousness, and it is quite a bit embarrassing to try to stuff it in your mouth to take a bite, so this may not be the place to take a first date. I ordered the Farm Burger, and everything was absolutely scrumptious. I savored every single bite and felt perfectly full afterwards. The truffle fries were equally as yummy and are definitely a must-try.The cherry on top that made this meal even better was the dessert shake. I ordered the coffee with chocolate hazelnut pudding (doesn't that just sound amazing?), and I was in heaven. If there's one thing that I would want to eat when I'm having a bad day, it's that. I'm craving it right now as I'm being reminded of its creamy and chocolatey taste. Mmmmmm....Just as expected, this Gordon Ramsay restaurant delivered absolute perfection, and the price isn't too bad considering the other non-buffet options that are available on the Strip.
5	I was in Vegas and I was planning on going to a different restaurant for dinner, but I LOVE Gordon Ramsay, so my friend and I decided to check it out. We only had to wait in a 15 minute line, and I loved that time. I got to check out Gordon's cookbook and grab a T-shirt while I was waiting. The vibe was GREAT and the food was EVEN BETTER! Best burger I have ever tasted in my life.If you are looking for a great place to eat, go to BURGR! The service was awesome, the food was quick, and it was SO inexpensive especially for one of Ramsay's restaurants.LOVED IT. I can't wait to go back to Vegas just so I can have another burger :)
5	Took my family here when they came to visit and they all loved it! It is a little on the pricey side but I guess it comes with the name, we had about a 40 minute wait for our party of 8 which wasn't too bad and they send you a text so you don't have to wait there. The truffle fries were awesome as well as the gourmet burgers. My daughter had a hot dog and it was huge and amazing! Great service as well!
4	Had a great, albiet expensive, lunch here on our Vegas trip. We stayed at the Planet Hollywood and only ended up here because passing by it to get to the strip it smelled so amazing. We went for lunch and did not wait long (maybe 5 mins) to be seated. Dinner time this place seemed totally packed. For lunch, he restaurant was pretty full and the line filled up immediately after we got sat. Good timing.While everything is reasonably priced ($13-$15 a burger isn't terrible) we threw in an appetizer and some parm truffle fries, and a couple of beers, to total out a roughly $85 lunch.We started with a couple beers, our server was incredibly knowledgable and helped us out by giving us a couple samples when he had the chance. We also got the Jalapeno Poppers which were delicious. Although it's supposed to have 5 poppers and one spicy surprise (a 6th popper with the seeds still in tact) we had 3 with seeds still in tact, which we didn't hate. Very spicy but very good. The presentation was very cool and original, putting each popper in it's own shot glass of ranch, but we did find by the time we got to the last few, the crispy exterior of those remaining poppers became soggy with the ranch.The girlfriend ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger, which she enjoyed (though couldn't eat it all). I had the Farm Burger, which had the OverEasy egg, Duck bacon, and sharp english cheddar. The cheese wasn't as sharp as i'd hoped and the duck bacon was a nice touch. I love a good egg on a burger and this did not disappoint.The burgers are delicious but definitely big enough to share if you want to do an app and fries. The fries are ala carte, but the truffle parm fries were definitely the highlight of the meal. At times the toppings were a bit heavy with parm but you can shake some of that off onto the rest, or suck it up and enjoy it. hahaha. The fires are big enough to share for 2 or 3 also.Our server, damnit that I would forget his name now, made our experience very smooth and nice. He picked out a great beer for the girlfriend (aged with rum and whiskey), and was prompt with any requests we had.The elusive 5th star is only for reasons of pickiness and the know that while it was a great and delicious experience, it is just that. An experience. Something we would possibly not do on our next visit to save the chance for another restaurant to blow us away, or maybe just to vie for a cheaper, quicker lunch. But if you are a big burger fan, like a little variety to the burger option, and are big Gordon Ramsey nerds like us, this was definitely a great lunch option if you have the coin to spare on the meal.
1	This place is overrated. I was so excited to try the Famous Gordon Ramsay Burgr. There was a small line to get in the restaurant that was moving very slowly. Lucky for me I am a platinum member. Which means I get to go in front of the line. Went with another couple and they were super excited as well. Our server was very patient and friendly. Burgers were a decent size but none of us finish our burger because we had all regret coming her. We  all agree In N out was much tastier. Fries were stale and over cooked. Bill ended up to be around $70 bucks. What a waste of money.
3	Maybe it was the whale of a meal I'd already had at bacchanal or the way the waiter oversold my burger to me, but burGR did not live up to the hype. Not to knock on our waiter, he was extremely professional and very enthusiastic. Service here was certainly a plus factor. But when I go to a place I'm generally more interested in food than service/ambiance. Let's start with the good:- The beer! With lots of beers on tap I was super excited to pick one I'd never heard of before. Le fin de monde (or is it du mond? Cant remember french when I most need it..) was a great beer and I'll be looking for it on menus in the future. - The parmesan truffle fries were a bit thick cut for me, but the truffle aioli dipping sauce was amazing. I've never ordered seconds on a sauce before (ok that's a lie, I love sauce) but the waiter offered and I couldn't say no. - The boy's chili hotdog. At first i rebuffed him for ordering a hotdog at a burger joint but turns out he had the right of it. The dog was longer than the bun which i LOVE. Hate it when my dogs are hidden in a sea of endless carbs...but I digressAnd the negative:There's really only one negative, but it's a big enough one to bring this review down to 3 stars, and that is the burger itself. The waiter highly recommended the Hog burger and sold it to me with high praises. I went with it and was sorely disappointed. The meat was not nearly as juicy as it could have been and there was no flavor to the burger. After a few bites I had to resign myself to just eating the fries (and that sauce, mmmm). Eventually I scrapped the arugula off the top of the burger while leaving the meat untouched. The boy looked on incredulously, when I choose a veggie over meat there's something direly wrong. So, sorry BurGR, everything else was GReat but your burger was NOT, but I wish it had been. I truly do.
2	Sad to say, but my recent visit to BurGR was absolutely disappointing. It's less than a year since my previous visits to BurGR and I'm surprised how dramatically the quality has gone down. I've had great experiences the first couple of visits last year when the place just opened and raved about it to my friends & bf. My bf finally got to try it and I'm mad at how bad the experience was for us. We came Mother's day weekend and I have no idea what was up w/ the restaurant that friday night.We both got the hell's kitchen burger w/ a fried egg with added duck breast bacon and I had to get my burger recooked FOUR times. Even on the 4th try it still wasn't what I wanted and my Bf's burger wasn't what he wanted either. The customer service was crap that night too compared to my previous visits. I ordered my burger medium, and 2 times it came out medium rare, the third try it came out practically well done & dry and they forgot the duck breast bacon, 4th try it came out medium well.  I got tired of sending it back to the kitchen to get it redone so just settled, plus I was getting full from eating the fries while waiting.  My bf ordered his burger medium rare and his came out very rare. Normally he is fine w/ rare things since we eat steak tartare and all, but this burger patty looked gross. There was like blood from the patty oozing on his plate. Seriously, it looked like all they did was throw the patty on the grill then flip it really quick and served it. He didn't even finish the burger, only took one bite and left it there. He didn't wanna send it back to the kitchen to have it redone 'cause he felt bad since mine had to be redone so many times! ALSO our whole table agreed that the patties didn't taste seasoned at all. I've had this burger many times before and seriously it did NOT taste like how it used to be. HOW DO YOU FORGET TO SEASON THE PATTY?!In despite of all this, our waitress didn't even offer to comp the poorly made burgers. I was really sad that the burgers AND service aren't as good as my first couple of visits when they had first opened. Not sure if they had an off night, but I would think they'd be consistent w/ quality service and food. First impressions mean a lot and my bf was so disappointed he doesn't even think it's worth coming again to give them a second chance. The only good thing that night was the milkshake and fries.
4	My favorite burger place in the Las Vegas area so far. Have tried Bobby flays burger palace and Mario batalis B&B, Burger Bar and it doesn't compared to Gordon Ramsey's Burgr. Burgers are cooked to perfection with high quality ingredients. Onion rings and chicken wings are also amazing. Service was top notch. Will need to try Guy Fieri's restaurant next time Im in Vegas.
5	I was pretty stoked to come here (big fan of Mr. Ramsay).The wait wasn't too bad. The ambience is cool. And the decor was exciting. I ordered the Farm Burger; which was absolutely delicious, and two cocktails. The service was nice. Everyone was fast, friendly and efficient! So 5 stars :-)
5	I eat a lot of burgers but this was the best I've ever eaten. Ordered the Hells Kitchen burger. Mouthwatering & flavorful, cooked perfectly. I expected quality with Gordon Ramsay's name attached but I was blown away. The parmesan truffle fries were the perfect compliment. "Oh my God" came out of my mouth every bite. So good. We waited about 15-20 minutes for a table, not bad. Service, atmosphere & food was excellent.
3	Hit this place at night. Matter of fact, I was the last customer that they let in. I am a burger fan and I was with my wife and another couple. We all wanted to come and taste a good burger. Well, I was a bit disappointed. The yhave a great selection. I ordered mine with cheeses and bacon. simple medium cooked. I did take on the garlic fries. I will tell you that the burger was a good size, the bun was a great one, however I was not impressed with the flavor of the meat. Nothing to call home about at 12 dollars just for the burger. Now the fries were amazing, and what you for them matches the goodness. Everyone came out there saying ehhh, it was ok. They got nothing on Burgerfi or burgers & Beer joint.Sad to say, but I will have to pass on this one...
1	I considered giving this place two stars because our server Tammy was hilarious and the milkshake I ordered was amazing (shake + pudding=genius) but we didn't come for the service or the shakes...Obviously, we waited an hour and a half to get into Burgr to sample Gordon Ramsay's version of this American Classic.  We went with the Hog Burger, sold to us as "GR's most famous" burger. It was terrible. The meat had an odd, almost raw texture. There was little in the way of flavor apart from a strange one no one could identify.  I have to imagine even Chef Ramsay himself would've tossed this one in the trash.  I love burgers. And I love trying new restaurants. But this one was a huge disappointment and a colossal waste of cash.
3	I went there may 31st. I mean the best part of the meal was our waitress n our appetizer.  The burger? Meh! Way over rated and priced. I make better ones at home.  11 dollars for fries? I mean they better knock my socks off. Well they are still on....the wings were amazing. I would have the appetizer for my main course. Sadly. I probably won't come back unless I'm forced to.
1	I have to say - I was very disappointed. Maybe chef Gordon should visit his own restaurant with the Kitchen Nightmares... He would probably trash the burger.I went there with my family on Friday night. The place was busy, we were expecting little bit slower service but haven't expected to be waiting for the beverages at least for 10 min. Each of us ordered different burger. I decided to go with the flagship Hog Burger. It was the most bland piece of meal I had in a very long time. There was not a single ounce of flavor in it. It was like eating some kind of warm tasteless substance, my stomach was getting full, but my taste buds haven't register any kind of sensation. Similar with other burgers. They all tasted like the meat was heated in the microwave, the only difference were bits of various veggies or cheese. The buns were tasteless as well. For an average $17 a burger it feels like a huge rip-off. I love to cook. I use many wonderful recipes from Gordon's cook book on the daily basis, so my disappointment was even bigger. The worst culinary experience of my Vegas trip. S.
3	Good but too salty. Sad to say but I rather have an In and Out or Tommy's burger.  It is a must try though.  The onion rings were very good.
2	I don't think Gordon has tried his onion rings. To heavy and thick with a very hard batter.  The hog burger is not something I would order again however the sweet potato fries were very good
5	4 of us went in there for lunch and were completely blown away! These burgers are the best we have ever ate. I had the Brittania Burger and I was in heaven. Others got the Farm Burger...incredible. We also ordered the Parmesan truffle fries and you will not be disappointed!!! So delicious! Can't wait to go back to Vegas and go there again. Gordon Ramsey sure know how to hit your taste buds.
5	My wife and I have been wanting to visit this restaurant for years.  We've both been a Gordon Ramsey fan for some time.  This place was AMAZING.  Service was great, food was outstanding and we're definitely going to go back again when we get to Vegas the next time.
4	Here's whatcha do. You get yourself some sweet potato fries, a Shake #1 and a chanterelle burger (rare). Then you dip the fries into the LAYER OF PUDDING on the top of the shake and before that sweetness dissipates, you jam a fistful of buttery smooth ground cow right up in your face.Repeat until you've cleaned your plate, glass and cone of salty sweet shame.THEN you stand up, punch a security guard right in the sack and run for it. Because you're going to need the adrenaline-fueled sprint from PH to, oh, let's say Golden Nugget to work off the calories.
2	Big fan of Gordon Ramsay. Not impressed at all with this place.We ordered all the most popular things:1. Onion Rings: Too salty.2. Truffle Fries: Decent. 3. Farm burger: Decent, nothing special. Bun was good. Prefer crispy bacon. 4. Chili Devil Dogs: Hot dog was way too salty. Bun was good.Other points of interest:Service was good: The hostesses and waitress were really nice and accommodating.No kids menu.Wouldn't cut burger or hot dog in half for us because it would ruin the presentation(which is fair).Would have given it 1 star if the price was exorbitant but it wasn't outrageous.
3	I think it was a good burger, but as is the case for all restaurants in LV, way overpriced. Given all the new burger places popping up around the country, its just not worth it. Shake Shack is better, cheaper, and more fun. But when in Vegas, you have little choice. Service was quick and pleasant.
5	I wasn't about to leave Las Vegas without eating at at least ONE celebrity chef's restaurant, and BurGR was one of the less bank-breaking options.We went in for lunch and, unsurprisingly, the line was quite long. BurGR takes the casual-dining concept of queuing (a short-distance pager) to a much more modern conclusion: they'll text you when your table is ready. After about ten minutes of wandering around the Planet Hollywood Casino where BurGR is housed, our table was ready and we were led inside.The interior is classic American burger-bar: sleek metal, shiny white countertops, and the menus feature a flabbergasting Gordon Ramsey foldout. The menu offers a wide range of burgers (and other non-burger offerings, but they are totally besides the point), from the traditional American (American cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion) to the Farm Burger (duck bacon, cheddar, fried egg) to the Euro Burger (goat cheese, truffle aioli, arugula, and an oven-roasted tomato). I went with the Euro Burger and it was certainly one of the best burgers I've had. Wonderfully savory, with each part of the burger complimenting the rest, while one ingredient could easily have over-powered the others. The side of truffle fries (hand cut fries covered with truffle salt and truffle-parmesan shavings, with a truffle aioli dipping sauce) were delicious to the point of addictive.It's not a cheap meal, by any stretch, but you ARE on the Strip eating at a restaurant operated by Gordon Ramsay.
2	I had the Hell's Kitchen burger which was way too spicy and the meat was not at all flavorful or contain any distinguishing spice or .... FLAVOR. I had to add a ton of salt to make it taste relatively edible. The fries looked nice, but they too, were bland. Shake # 4 is delicious- then the custard messes it all up. The service was polite and friendly, but the food was lacking. May I also add that the funky ketchups are way too ambitious at being funky. It just tastes weird. I see people standing in lines to come here and I feel sad for them. :(
2	No joke, huge fans of Ramsey but BurGR was a HUGE let down! Expensive for an average place. If you really want good Ramsey food, try going to the expensive steakhouse inside Paris LV.  Trust me, the burgers an nothing special!
5	Great place to visit.  Great Burger! We went on a Saturday our party of 6 wait time was about and hour and a half.  Once we got it we had good service, I had the Jalepeno Poppers to start and a Farm Burger and Truffle Fries.  The poppers were great they had some heat.  The burger was good, I wish I new it didn't come with lettuce, tomato, onion etc.  The duck Bacon on ot was great tho.  The truffle fries were like steak fries.  Not a fan of steak fries, but they were good. Only thing was my dad order a salad from a waiter that was not my our waiter.  The other waiter said he would put it in, but my dad never got it.  Good thing too cause he was full from the burger and fries.
5	The Britannia burger was one of the best things I have ever eaten and the truffle fries weren't far behind. The staff was very friendly and trendy as well. It was a very trendy experience overall and the atmosphere was very fun.
5	I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger with the Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings and a wonderful Beer. The service was phenomenal although the wait for our food was a little lengthy. Let me tell you, fabulous dishes like this don't come at microwave speed so come prepared to wait, every bite thereafter is totally worth it. The chipotle Ketchup was pretty amazing... Everything tasted so fresh, the flavors just burst into your mouth. I'll be back EVERYTIME I'm in town!
4	Our party of four waited close to an hour for a table (but the roulette table was close by and time just seemed to fly by) and the food was definitely worth the wait!The Farm Burger (with duck breast bacon and fried egg) was simply amazing and the Oreo milkshake to die for. The waitress was so remarkably friendly and chatty. For a Gordon Ramsay establishment and for it's location on the Las Vegas strip, the prices are just unbeatable!
5	I heard about this place from Vegas friends. Its on the tourist strip inside the Planet Hollywood casino but worth checking out. Get there before noon or after 2 cause the line to get in seems never ending. We got lucky that we stumbled upon it around 11am while looking for a breakfast hangover cure :) Come hungry cause the portions are big. I ordered the farm burger topped w/ duck breast bacon, sharp cheddar & fried egg. Never had duck breast bacon before but it sure was crunchy and thick...great alternative to the typical pork. My burger was prepped just right..medium rare. You have to try the parmesan french fries. Lots of flavor and sliced thick but had crunch..fried perfection. The icing on the cake was my Chocolate Hazelnut Pudding Coffee Shake Topped w/ Praline Cookie..yeah it's a mouthful and this creamy concoction sent me to food coma! I couldn't walk after so I sat at the nearby casino lounge and dozed off. See my pics.
4	I came here on a Saturday evening during MDW and was glad that the line wasn't insanely ridiculous. I probably waited about 30 minutes which is pretty good considering I've read some reviews that people had to wait over an hour to eat here!Once my boyfriend and I were seated, I immediately admired all the little details this restaurant had put attention into. The menus were really creative and the restaurant itself is beautiful and actually has flames around the entrance! Our server was friendly and funny and I liked how I could order drinks off of the iPad, it was a nice touch. My only complaint is that it took a WHILE to get my food. I wasn't in a rush or anything, but I was definitely hungry once my food came. My boyfriend and I ordered the onion rings, farm burger, and Hell's kitchen burger. It took at least 30 minutes to get my food, but the place was packed and my food was fresh off the grill, so I can't really complain but after waiting to eat there and then waiting to eat my food, I was pretty hAngry. Luckily the food more than made up for the wait. The onion rings were SO good. They weren't oily at all and the dressings that came with it were so creative. I believe one was cheddar ranch and it was to die for. Who would've thought to put those together? My boyfriend ordered the farm burger and he said it was delicious! I tried a bite out of it and I thought it was great too! I ordered the hell's kitchen burger which I liked better out of the two. The meat was really good quality and it was an interesting blend of ingredients. I would say that I was just a little disappointed because it wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be, but that might be a good thing cause I could enjoy a small kick of heat without my mouth being on fire.Our total came out to be about $45 including tax and tip and it was pretty worth it since the burgers are pretty big and I had half of my burger to eat for later and they even packed me up extra cheddar ranch sauce cause I loved it so much. Overall, I'd definitely come back here again and try something else on the menu!
2	Hate to do this, Gordon Ramsay is undoubtedly a culinary genius and restaurateur. Our experience at this restaurant, however, was less than extraordinary. The food itself varied from okay to great and our server gave good service along with the rest of the staff supporting her on refills and pre-bussing. It was management that kind of soured the meal at the end.Shortly after the check was dropped, our server returned to our table to retrieve it saying her manager had forgotten to add the gratuity. Unfortunately for her, we were already ready to pay with cash that included a 20% tip and although I'm sure she didn't mean it, some of the guests in our party were offended by this. She returned with the new check which included the 18% gratuity and we voiced our concerns to her about the unintentional implication that was being made by her tacking on the gratuity after she had already dropped the bill... She apologized profusely and left to give us some time to pay.Then we found another issue on our check... A portion of it should have already been paid for by one of our guests who had paid on his card for his own portion of the meal. He was already cashed out and his credit card slip was signed. However the total still included his items giving us an incorrect amount to pay. We brought this up to our server who explained that we just needed to subtract what he paid from the total shown because apparently their system cannot take the items off the bill or subtract any amount already paid for? Being in the industry, I'm not sure why their system would be lacking functions such as splitting off items to a new/separate check or showing a remaining balance after any initial payment. A manager was brought to the table to reiterate what she had just explained. However the problem with this is that we were NOT informed of this system glitch beforehand or even when she had given us the check until we raised it as an issue. Had we trusted the establishment and not looked closely at the bill, we would have overpayed by $30+. We agreed our server had no bad intent to deliberately keep us in the dark but as a customer, it's hard to feel empathetic after all these issues. ALSO WE CAME HERE TO EAT, NOT DO MATH.Finally after all this, we found a final flaw on our check. The gratuity and tax was taken from the total bill, not from the remaining balance after the payment from our one guest. This means the that the grat and tax was higher than what it was supposed to be but by this time we were so sick of everything that we decided to just drop it, pay and leave.TL;DR CHECK YOUR BILL THOROUGHLY BEFORE YOU LEAVE MONEY TO PAY. ALSO BE READY TO DO THE MATH ON YOUR OWN CHECK SHOULD YOU SPLIT PAYMENTS BECAUSE THE COMPUTER FOR SOME REASON WILL NOT DO THE MATH FOR YOU.P.S. The highlight of this dining experience was the jalapeno poppers. They are delicious. If you do decide to dine here order them. The hot dog is very salty. Our burger came out rare and barely warm when we asked for medium rare.I might give this place another try but with much lower expectations.
4	My boyfriend and I got the curry wings, hell's kitchen burger and parmesan truffle fries and they were all  very good! The price was reasonable.Service was good and of course all the workers are good looking, then again it's Vegas...everyone is good looking:)
3	I don't get all of the 4 star reviews. The burgers were okay, I've had better in my hometown. Burgers are "fancy" and pricey because of the name attached to the restaurant. Only good thing is that it was close and walkable from our hotel (Elara which is connected to PH). The staff however was friendly and patient with our semi large table.
3	Dined with the family last week on vacation. As a fan of the show, I had the Hell's Kitchen burger and parm truffle fries and thought it was very good aside from the price. We ordered 3 burgers, one order of fries and some drinks and spent $75 after tip and tax. Took two stars off for the cost alone. I do believe Christina from Hell's Kitchen was expediting in the kitchen while we were there.
5	Ate here on a Monday evening, and waited for 15 minutes to be seated even with a platinum Total Rewards card. No worries, they can text you when a table is ready for you, which is very convenient and nice! We were seated and immediately greeted by our wonderful server, Mia. She was so helpful and nice, and gave great suggestions! I ordered the Farm Burger, and our table also split the Parmesan Truffle Fries and Onion Rings, all recommendations from her. They were all AMAZING. All of the sauces that came with the sides were amazing. My boyfriend, who hates ketchup and ranch, was scraping the bottom of the sauce bowls for the cheddar ranch and chipotle ketchup. We had the Sticky Toffee Pudding Push Up Pops for dessert. I had high hopes as sticky toffee pudding is one of my favorite desserts. The presentation was unique and great, and the salted peanuts ice cream made the perfect combination of sweet and salty. Altogether, for 4 people, two sides, and two desserts came to $96. Not bad for Vegas! I will definitely be returning.
3	Been wanting to try this for a long time and i think the anticipation might have ruined my experience haha I shared a Farm burger and a hot dog with my gf and both were really good. The burger didn't really stand out from other gourmet burgers, BUT i will say it was good just not the best i've ever had. the hot dog was a bit more unique, but when i read the description in the menu it sounded like it would be better then it actually tasted. Overall, the food was good, the ingredients were fresh, kind of pricey for my taste, but definitely a place you have to at least try once. I do believe my expectations were way too high, but you might have a different opinion.
4	Got the Soba Noodle Chicken Salad - It was great - A spicy sriracha chicken, edamame, carrots, cucumber, avocado, sesame seeds, and the cilantro-honey-peanut dressing wrapped everything up the buckwheat noodles nicely. The dish contained a lot of pasta compared to the amount of chicken - would of loved more sriracha chicken.The sweet potato fries were great - comes with more powered sugar and a warm jalapeno aioli dipping sauce. The best!
5	My bf and I just got to Planet Hollywood and we were starved from the travelling. We didn't want to venture too far so we settled for BurGR. Best random decision ever! We had the Humus, I had the Fish n Crisp, and he had the Farmer Burger (or somewhere along that line). Everything was soo good! I usually don't like the bun on burgers or sandwiches but It was so good that I stuffed my face! Well, maybe not literally, but it was a close call. My bf didnt even need ketchup on his burger, which was really a first for him. They also had a wide selection of draught but we got to try a few before we made our choice. Our waitress was Heather and she's a darling.
3	The food was excellent, but I am not willing to give 5 stars due to a couple of things that are easy to fix yet were not. First the Soda was flat as water and instead of bringing me another Soda one with let's just call it fizz, they made me wait over 15 minutes just to say would you rather have lemonade! I thought they were putting in another CO2 bottle. The food arrived hot and fresh! Very tasty and each burger looked like a little masterpiece! My last gripe is it took 20 minutes to get our check, this was after they cleared our table. At the end of the day food was great, service was sub-par Gordon should have been there lighting a fire under their Ass!
1	It's a step up from eating at the airport. The burger was forgettable, the iPad menu is a gimmick, though it works for Vegas anyone with any taste would avoid.
5	AMAZING. My dream has always been to eat at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and this place did not disappoint. Everything from the decorations and the ambience to the food and service was top notch. We got the jalapeno poppers to share and they all came in their own individual dipping tray of sauce. We also got the parmesan fries with the truffle dipping sauce which was so bomb. The sauce was so good that we had to ask the waitress for more and she brought us out three more individual cups of it, no charge. I ended up splitting the Hell's Kitchen burger and the Euro burger with my friend, and would definitely recommend the HK burger. In fact, the whole restaurant followed the HK theme perfectly, which I was totally into since I love that show. I also liked how for their drinks and desserts they bring out an ipad and have you scroll through the choices. Very modern and made for a great new experience. Pricey, since it's a GR restaurant, but worth every penny.
3	First of all, as a designer I would like to say it's very well branded and the attention to the details is noticeable (by me at least haha) ! From the moment you sit at your table, you have a sneak peek at a juicy potential burger on the back of your neighbours menu and the logo on your own. Open it up and see Mr Ramsay excited to show you his (or I guess his head chef's) finely crafted menu. Even the cutlery resembled flames! Having knowledgeable and attentive staff as well all added to an overall excellent atmosphere.The one peeve I had though was the line to get in. There is a sign that tells you to speak to the hostess before lining up. There is a line to do that apparently. We speak with her and she says just line up in the original line... But by then, couple parties have gotten in front of where we would've been! A bit later while waiting in the line, another girl then proceeded to take the number of people in our party... What's up with that? Either take names at the beginning and give an eta, or make that bs sign gfto! Enough of that... It's onto the food. We had onion rings and truffle fries to start. Both were nice. Just nice. I loved the sauces they came with as well,though I thought the truffle was a little too strong in the truffle  sauce. I cannot remember what the name of the burger I ate was..(it had mango chutney) , but it was quite good. The patty was made to perfection... However, I barely tasted any mango. It was only a couple bites at the center of the burger where I got those flavours.So based on my experience, I definitely might go back again to try the other choices! Assuming they do something with that useless signage instructions in the line.
1	Seriously where have all these 4/5 stars come from? Possibly one of the worst burgers I've had in a long time if not ever. Dry, overcooked, under seasoned, Gordon should be ashamed of this place. Fries were 11 dollars, yes that's right 11 dollars! Give it a miss!!
5	Right there at the top with best burgers I've ever had! Very reasonable prices for a Gordon Ramsay restaurant, even if it's burgers.We had the Hell's Kitchen Burger - perfectly prepared medium rare, with oven roasted tomatoes, asadero cheese, and roasted jalapenos. All the flavors worked well and the texture of the bun was great! I had this complimented with a glass of Boddingtons (of course, being at a GR place)The American Burger was a classic taste. Again, the texture of the bun was perfect, which made the burger so much better. We also had the Truffle Parmesan Fries with truffle aioli which made it a great side combination.We ended the meal by sharing the Shake #1 - caramel pudding + chocolate shake + toffee cookie. It was amazing and delicious! We were already pretty full from the burgers and fries though, that we couldn't finish the entire shake.What a fun place and great for families! There was a bit of a wait, but they texted us when our table was almost ready, giving us a chance to roam around the casino floor. They have a good selection of BurGR souvenirs, from shirts, to hats, and shot glasses. We decided to purchase of couple of their beer glasses, a great reminder of a great restaurant!
4	I went here after EDC. I would come back again.The wait was not as bad, but still we had to wait about 30 minutes to get seated. In my opinion, the atmosphere and vibe of the restaurant was amazing.This place had superior customer service. Friendly and knowledgable staff attended to all my needs. I had the hog burger - it was not that good. Even though the waiter reccomended it as the #1 burger, I did not like it. However, it had an unique taste ~ one that i've never had before. It tastes close to sweet tangy spinach dipped in orange.Then we had the chili dog. DELICIOUS. At 13 dollars, this was one of the best dogs I've bad. We finished with truffle fries, and they were great as well.For the atmosphere and food, 4 stars. Never getting that burger again though.
1	Ate here for my first night in Vegas before EDC. The food was okay, not nearly what the reviews had me expecting. More importantly, I got food poisoning.  Not an awesome way to start my weekend. Stay away from this mediocre poison factory.
5	the hella kitchen and Chanterelle burgers were the best ever. the service was really nice. they have la fin du monde, which you should try.always get the truffle fries and onion ringsGordon Ramsay's burgr makes me wetthey also take your picture, so pose like Ramsay :)
5	I went here for lunch before EDC with my girlfriend on a beautiful hot sunny day. The line didn't look long but it took 30mins to get a table. Which I didn't mind considering this restaurant was featured many times on food network, its Gordon Ramsay restaurant AND it's on the STRIP, come on. It's Vegas, one of the BIGGEST tourist spot in the country, if you want good food, you're going to have to wait. Our server Matt was fast, responsive, friendly and very descriptive towards educating us about the menu. This was our first time so Matt did us the biggest favor by going over the menu without me having to ask, which I highly appreciate. Matt if you're reading this, we want you to know that we think you're a great asset to this restaurant and we can't thank you enough for the excellent customer service, we will be coming back in hopes we have you as our server again! The food was absolutely AMAZING. I wouldn't change a thing. My girlfriend and I got the Farm Burger, the sliders and the sweet potato fries. First bite on all three blew me away, no really, man was it good. Don't listen to all these other haters on yelp saying negative feedback about this restaurant, you're definitely getting your money's worth here. If you think about it, BJ's has the similar price range and it's no where as good as this AND it's in VEGAS (because we all know prices go up just because it's on the strip). I'm actually considering staying at a hotel close by the next time I'm in LV just because of this place. Look no further, this is a place you don't want to miss out on! I'm definitely coming back!
2	The first time wasn't that bad. We waited, got in after getting the text message, and had some decent burgers and great shakes. The second time was a little embarrassing to bring a friend from out of town to. The burgers were still decent, but nothing remarkable. What was really disappointing was the garlic Parmesan fries that were way too salty and could barely be eaten. We wanted to tell Gordon Ramsey that his establishment has ruined garlic Parmesan fries for us forever. I would give this restaurant one more try before throwing in the towel. Or napkin, as it were.
5	I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this place! I seriously think you could close youe eyes and point at anything on the menu and it would be mouthwatering perfection! The sweet potato fries and the jalapeno poppers were AMAZING! We are definitely sad we dont have this restaurant in our city!!
5	This was the best burger I have ever had. I had the Hell's burger and the truffle fries... It was worth every penny. The restaurant was clean and the ambiance was a mix of edgy class. Good service. I cannot wait to eat here again
4	Line was huge. Luckily i came alone and walked immediately up to the bar. Service was good as I was greeting right as I sat down.The beer selection is surprisingy decent.Place is really packed. Even on a Tuesday evening.Ordered the farm house burger. It's a duck burger with an egg on top of it. The burger is juicy and the bacon adds a great semblance of crunch.
3	Had the Hell's Kitchen burger and my girlfriend had the American burger. Both were great. Fresh. Not served hot though. Served warm. Fries were stale, and I watched them sit under the light for a while. Service was mediocre. Not Gordon Ramsey quality. Waited in line for 45 minutes too long. Then waited 30 minutes to be served after we ordered and it wasn't even that busy. For the wait, I would not recommend it. You can get good burgers elsewhere without the wait.
3	nothing impressive besides the name.
4	Food was delicious. I had the Britannia burger and sweet potato fries. The waitress was very helpful, making recommendations without being too pushy.
2	I came in for lunch and was seating immediately at the full service bar. The staff was friendly and quick to help.The most exceptional aspect to Gordon Ramsay's BurGR's food wasn't the flavor but it's incredible lack of any flavor. The burger I had was cooked medium rare, just like I asked. Can't blame the cooks for that. Topped with arugula, a roasted tomato and a truffle aioli.The burger patty had absolutely no flavor. I'm not sure it had any spices added to the meat. It tasted like a patty you'd find at a cheap roadside diner. Gray and greasy.The tomato was so soft and bland I questioned why it was even there. The arugula I can't say anything either way about, after all it's just arugula. However, I did love the truffle aioli. It was the only thing that was positive about the burger.I also ordered the "just fries." And that's exactly what they were. Just fries. They were served with a chipotle ketchup and a curry ketchup. The chipotle ketchup was alright. Seemed like a weird thing to try and make the place nicer with ketchup when the food itself was so bland. The curry ketchup just was so out of place. I'm not opposed to having Indian influences in an American restaurant like this, but being the only Indian influence it was just out of place. If you go here, know you're paying for the name and not the food. I won't be returning to Gordon Ramsay's BurGR anytime soon.
5	I came here with a business partner today for lunch. Im assuming since it was a Wednesday in the middle of the day was the reason it was a little slower. I've heard this place is constantly packed. There was no line and we were able to be seated right away.Our servers name was Devin, super cute blonde who is identical to Britney Spears (probably why I can remember her name) She was really sweet. She showed us the iPad menu they have of all the beers they have on draft. Awesome selection, I chose the Chainbreaker.We started with the Hummus, I wasn't a fan of the veggie sticks but the pita bread is pretty good. I got the Hells Kitchen Burger and my co worker got the Britanna. Both great burgers. We also got a salad that the Manager ended up dropping off to us. Very friendly and made sure we were doing okay. Overall it was a great experience and we will be back!
3	MMMMmmm. Yummy burgers but VERY expensive! This is a high end burger place on the strip. Burgers are on average of $15 and fries/onions rings are a staggering $10! If the sides weren't so expensive, I would come back... but since the prices are so high, this is more of a "try it once" type of place. I ordered the Farm Burger that came with duck breast bacon, cheddar cheese, and a fried egg for $15 and the truffle parmesan fries for $10. Those are the Total Rewards prices. Without the card, it's $1 more for each item. My friend ordered the hog burger for $17 beer battered maui onion rings for $8. Our total was about $53 for just the 2 of us... and we didn't even order drinks! That's pretty damn expensive for burgers. I must say though, that the food tasted amazing! Everything was really tasty and well presented. It was our first ever experience at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. Service was also quick and good. Food came out in a fairly timely manner. The food did taste just as good as it looked... but I've also been to other pretty fantastic burger places for about half the price! My egg on my farm buger oozed with yoke yumminess when I cut into the burger! It wasn't overly cheesy and all the ingredients went well together. The duck breast bacon was tasty and tender. My truffle fries came with 2 sauces, a garlic aloli and the other I can't remember. The fries were tasty but not good as leftovers. Onion rings were crispy and also very tasty, but also not good as leftovers. The food here is meant to be eaten fresh.This burger place is located inside Planet Hollywood. It's at one of the entrances right off the strip. There is a fire display at the entrance - really cool looking! When we went, the line pretty long, but moved pretty quickly. Now that if you are a party of 2, you must wait in line. If you have a party of 3+, you can give the hostess your name and number and they will text you when your table is ready. I'm glad I tried this place because it was really good, but chances are I won't be coming back because it's just too expensive! I was told by the guys at the table next to me that you can substitute the regular beef patty for a pork patty instead. I do not know how much that costs - but the pork is really tender and tasty - basically the kobe beef of pork. So, try this place because it's really good and to claim that you've eaten at one of Gordon Ramsay's establishments... but not really worth the price - so it's more of a try it once type of place. I don't think I can stomach paying $25 bucks for a burger and fries again. Just remember to use a Total Rewards card to save and extra buck off each item and if you have a party of 2 or less, you have to wait in line!
5	Excellent place to go for a burger, a bit expense but hey its Vegas so fits in with everywhere else.  The service was top notch, sometimes it is the little things like the waiter noticing we had spilled sauce on a coaster so he replaced it.  Remembering a previous conversation where we were asking about the truffle fries (excellent).  My wife and I also ordered the onion rings, the euro burger and the hell's kitchen burger.  All great.  The only thing I would not get again would be the pudding milkshake.  It tasted good but seemed like cold pudding instead of milkshake, so if you like pudding then this would be for you.
4	First Gordon Ramsay restaurant I've been too :DCan't miss this place with all the flames and the huge line of people waiting to try burGR! I got pretty lucky coming here on a Saturday morning at 11 am. There wasn't a line so your best chance is to go early. My boyfriend and I were seated at the counter right in front of the kitchen so we were able to watch all the food being prepared. I thought it was fascinating watching all the burgers come out fresh from the kitchen making their way to the tables, I'm a visual person so looking at all the different burgers helped me determine which one I wanted.I got the Farm Burger because it has duck bacon and the fried egg made it an easy choice for me. I did enjoy the burger. One thing I noticed, you could taste the cheese, it didn't fade into the background. I really liked that because I love cheese! I thought the duck bacon was rich in flavor but as good as it was, I think the burger would've been better with a regular bacon because it would still provide that savory saltiness but with an added crunch that I thought the burger was missing. The egg was perfectly fried, one bite and the yolk was running. There was a lot of rich components to this burger, the duck bacon, the egg, and the sharp cheddar..it left me wanting something acidic or citrusy to balance all the richness. I also got fries and that was pretty good. Their fries are a thicker cut so it was pretty dense in potato and it was larger in size. I really liked the chipotle and curry ketchup that came as dipping sauce! I also got the Shake #5 and that was SO GOOD. It was a coffee shake with hazelnut pudding and everything about that shake was decadent. Be careful not too drink all the shake because then you're left just pudding and you can't really drink that, and ask for a spoon so you can eat the pudding! I thought their service was wonderful, our server was friendly and attentive. The quality of the food here was superb. Overall I enjoyed my experience here and I wouldn't mind coming back again.
3	I have to say I was not as impressed as other people on Yelp giving it 4 and 5 star reviews. I will say that it was good but by far not the best burger I've ever had. Also, to pay $60 for a burger, fish sandwich, fries and 2 sodas I felt I should have left amazed. Definitely didn't meet my expectations and my beautiful girlfriend agrees with me. I will say 3 stars....It was ok / good but not amazing.
3	Lackluster in flavor for what you'd expect of its eponym, Gordon Ramsey; however, defintely a tourist draw. Service and presentation were excellent, but for hamburgers and a couple of sides, you better be ready to shell out close to $40 bucks a person, sans drinks.
4	Was with a big group so was kind of loud not really a good place to be with if you want to chat and catch up. Other than that place was pretty neat. Good was fill of flavor and loved the curry ketchup with the fries. I had the hella kitchen burger. Medium well and loved the taste of the meat. :) I'll be back again.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because of the servers. I really couldn't understand them since it was loud and they topped off  my Sierra mist with water and didn't ask if it was soda or water.
5	AMAZING burgers, shakes and fries ! The hype is REAL.Burgers were cooked to perfection and the truffle fries had so much flavor w/ the perfect amount of garlic bits and parmesan cheese!I will make a stop here each time I am in vegas.
4	Best Burgers in Vegas.  The meat is great, juicy and cooked perfectly.  The buns are the best I've ever had.  I've had the Britannia Burger both times I've been and it is outstanding.  The burger is worth the price tag, but the fries are not.  They are good for sharing, but not if you're by yourself.  And I'm not a fan of their house-spiced ketchups.  The wait isn't too terrible.  And the service is friendly and efficient.  And the waitress outfits are quite nice.
3	This was NOT what I envisioned. . The restaurant is filled with beautiful people and the food coming out looks spectacular but 18.00 for a hamburger (added egg) that tastes ok is just too rich for my blood.   I would happily pay 23.00 for a burger that is spectacular.  I also was looking forward to the pork belly burger which I had seen on yelp but was not on the menu.  That is  my fault for not inquiring about it when the waiter asked if we had any questions.  In the end, it was good just not for the price.  The uber burger was crazy salty , not from the cheese..like literally I tasted salt granules.
3	I'm always at PH when I'm in Vegas and there's always a wait for BurGR, so this time, we decided to try it.I ordered the Farm Burger and the truffle fries. The Farm Burger was good. Not great, and definitely did not live up to the hype. It was made well and the duck breast is unique, but it was literally just duck, egg, cheddar, and bun. It was too plain in my opinion.The truffle fries was yummy, but a little too thick in my opinion. I like my fries skinnier! Also, the ketchup and aioli are homemade and have unique tastes. My friends wanted to ask for normal Heinz ketchup but thought that would be embarrassing.Overall, I was pretty disappointed.
3	Chef Ramsey.Practice what you preach.Food excellentPlace excellent.Server equals to none.Order took over 40 minutes when we asked about our order.Server said :" I know isn't that crazy they are very slow"Haha couldn't believe it, I'm a master chef fan I you show discipline and amazing customer service, not at burgr Las Vegas.
5	Had the American Burger and it was FABULOUS!!!  the price was not too high and the burger was one of the best I've ever had.  Service was friendly and the food comes out quick despite how busy they are. Very popular place. I definitely will return.
4	Being a Gordon Ramsay fan, I had to try this place on a recent trip to Vegas.  I was worried it would be over-hyped, but I was pleasantly surprised. It took about 15 minutes to be seated for 2 people on a busy weekend night. Not bad at all. We started with the onion rings, and my god, they were incredible. Our burgers were cooked perfectly and the flavors were awesome. We had the Hell's Kitchen and Chanterelle burgers. Definitely some of the best burgers I've ever had. Prices aren't terrible considering it's on the strip. Food arrived in a timely manner and our waitress was nice. Not horrible service, but not amazing either. I would definitely return here!
5	The best burger I have had, definitely plan on returning to try another. This place was very nice and the overall service was great. The wait for food was a bit long but that could be because we were starving at the time. I would definitely recommend making a reservation, after we left there was a long line of people waiting.
5	Loved it!!! It was a very relaxed and pleasant experience. None of the uppity feeling like from other restaurants. Food was GREAT. Onion rings and truffle fries were soooooo tasty. Burgers were great and the sticky toffee pudding pops were a great way to end the meal. We will go back any time we can.
2	Went with 8 people during afternoon on wednesday and there was a line as usual, but the wait wasn't long.  Our waitress was slow and not as tentative as I would expect from a "Gordan Ramsay" restaurant.  The food took a long time to come out but it did come out all at once for all of us.  And paying for our bill took over 15 minutes.  Orders were some Hell's Kitchen burger and Farm burgers.  And we all agreed that these burgers were nothing special.  The patty itself was very plain.  For such a pricey burger, you would expect flavorful meal, but it was not.  Definitely not a place to return too.  I would give it a 2.5.
5	I was hesitant about going here as the prices for burgers were a bit high...but let me tell you, it is SO worth it! We started with the roasted jalepeno poppers; they were to die for! I could eat those all day. I tried the Caribbean dream cocktail, that was delish as well. For burgers, my hubby got the Hog burger with duck bacon--awesome! And I tried the Euro burger, also very good. We got a side of truffle fries and we are so glad we shared because the portion was huge. We couldn't get over how great the homemade ketchup was...can never have Heinz again :) Then we finished off the meal with a scrumptious Coconut pudding Strawberry shake. Would love to go back if we are in Vegas again.
4	Located in planet Hollywood, this burger joint is my favorite! I've tried almost all of them and you really can't go wrong with any of the choices. Their truffle fries are to die for. And their chicken wing appetizer is also a good pick! Everything on the menu is reasonably priced
5	Awesome.  Came with a group of 15.  We tried the jalapeno poppers, onion rings and wings for appetizers.  They were all great, and came with outstanding dipping sauces.I had the Euro burger - rare.  It was cooked perfectly, and the quality of the meat was outstanding.  Also tried the truffle fries - wonderful.The wait was pretty long, but when it's a Sat night in Vegas at a really great place to eat, that's to be expected.The staff was very friendly, and the service was really good.  It's not fine dining, but it is as delicious as you're going to get.  As my cousin (a CIA grad) who was with me said, there's nothing better to eat than a great burger.  This was a great burger!
5	Yummmmmmmmmmm. We decided to come here on a recent trip to Vegas after reading the reviews. We waited about five minutes and decided to sit at the bar. Tons of beers and cocktails to choose from, bartenders weren't too helpful at first but I think they were busy. After a beer they warmed up and chatted with us and suggested the Euro burger. I wanted to also try the Farm burger because I love the fried egg addition to burgers. We ordered the Euro, Farm, and truffle fries. Yes, yes, YES! The euro was the best burger I've ever had! Farm was decent but nothing compared to the Euro. Goat cheese on a burger, I will always say yes. The truffle fries and truffle aioli was delicious as well. I want to go back!
4	Truffle fries? Nom nom nom. Any kind of fried anything? Yum! Just go for drinks and fried stuff.Fish and chips - so juicy and the breading tastes almost sweet. Onion rings - crispy and yum. We ended up ordering a lot of appetizers and a lot of sides, and everyone loved their food. Not many burgers were ordered, which is ironic because the name of the place IS BurGR. The waitstaff was super chill and fun. The wait to get in was maybe 10 minutes on Saturday night.
5	Best burger place hands down! From taste to texture everything was perfect! We came right when they opened at 11a and got a seat right away. Service was good. We got the Hells Kitchen burger, Euro burger, truffle fries and onion rings. It can be a bit pricey but when you're getting high quality food its 100% worth it. I wouldve paid double for this food. Yum! Yum! Yum!
5	First try and Gordans spot in planet hollywood. there was a line however we bypass the line somehow and get seated right away. Great customer service and food came out pretty quick. try the jalapeno poppers, and milkshakes!
3	Chocolate hazelnut pudding with coffee milkshake was absolutely delicious!Burgers were okay but I wouldn't pay avg. $15 per burger again for the taste. Too wide of grill marks made a burnt taste. I had a chanterelle burger and my wife had an American burger. We had regular fries wide cut which I'm not a fan of. The curry ketchup was delicious. Tasted like masala sauce.Milkshake came right away and was to die for but kitchen took about 45 minutes to get burgers out. Then another few min to get fries. How hard is it to grill a burger and deep fry fries?
2	After all the hype few friends and I decided to give it a try. I orderded the hell's kitchen burger my friend ordered another burger and the chicken burger. We also ordered some truffle fries. First it took so long to just get out fries. The burgers realoy didnt have much flavor, the chicken burger was just two pieces of fried chicken in a bun, really disappointing. We ordered chicken wings because it looked good on our neighbor's table, the chicken looked bloody when you get closer to the bone, I ask the server and she said its party of it. The server said maybe we went on a wrong day but I not too sure.
4	After about a four hours drive we were pretty hungry.  Walking in and saw a line and thought "okay great, how long is this going to take?"  Checked in with the hostess and she said about a 20 to 25 minutes wait, so I guess not too bad.  So you get in a line for party of two or less.  For larger party you sign in with the hostess.  honey pig bao bun (3/5) -- ordered this for the appetizer.  There's two bao in an order.  The bao (chinese steamed bun) is pretty much like the ones you get when you order the peking duck platter at a Chinese restaurant.  Nice and soft.  Sandwiched in the middle are roasted pork belly, cucumber,  radish, cilantro, and hoisin sauce.  The reason for only 3 stars is because the pork belly was bland.  There's not enough flavor.  And the meat is not fatty enough.  I think if the cha siu was more flavorful and juicy, this would have been mouth watering delicious.    farm burger (3.5/5) -- duck breast bacon, english sharp cheddar, and fried egg.   The beef patty was good.  Moist and juicy.  I ordered a medium and it was cooked just right.  Reason for not giving it a 4 or 5 stars is because I think the duck bacon was a little too salty for my taste.  The saltiness over power the flavor in the beef.  britannia burger (4/5) -- English sharp cheddar, mango chutney, and arugula. Tasty!  The beef patty was juicy and moist.  The mango chutney gives the burger a hint of sweetness.  The arugula provides a pungent peppery taste.  Overall, a well crafted burger.  Oreo shake (5/5) -- YUMMY YUM YUM!  Sooooo good!  Oreo milk shake with a layer of creme brulee and whipped cream.  To add to the deliciousness, you also get a whole oreo on top!  Shared it with my hunnie.  I got the side with the cream :)  The milk shake was creamy.   The creme brulee was so smooth and rich.  Delicious! Service was good.  Staffs are attentive.  I'll come here again just for the shake.*All pictures courtesy of hunnie
4	I was looking forward to the pork belly dog, but it was no longer in the menu. Started with the tangerine screwdriver which was delicious.  I ordered the pork belly buns which were good, but not impressive. I also ordered the hummus which was really good, and would  definitely get it again.I came back cause I had to get a burger at a burger place. Got the Britannia burger which was  amazing. I also ordered the regular fries which were a little stale and too thick for my taste, and would have tasted better with regular ketchup.Overall I would come here again.
3	A-OK.  Three stars really isn't bad when you look at it that way, but it just looks bad compared to 4-5 stars.  But Burgr to me just isn't one of those PLACES.  It was good, but it's hard to justify a $15 burger no matter where I am.  That better have organic, grass-fed beef and all other organic ingredients and I don't think Burgr does because they'd probably advertise it if they did.It was a short wait, service was good, the food was good and the truffle fries were good.  The portion sizes are plentiful.  Honestly, two people could probably share a burger and fries, but I know some people like to get stuffed.  Bottom line: the food is good.  If you want to spend $15 for a burger, go for it.  I think you could get a similar tasting burger for less.Earl of Sandwich is somewhere I have to go when I go to Vegas.  Same with Fat Tuesday.  The trip wouldn't be complete without going to those places.  Burgr isn't like that for me.
3	As a burger-fanatic, I've been waiting and wanting to try this place for an eternity. Every time I go to Vegas, it was difficult to come here, b/c everyone would be too hungover, want go to a dayclub, or gamble. Fortunately, I was finally able to see what the hype was about. We were extremely excited and wanted to order everything off the menu. We ended up starting with the Fury Chicken Wings, ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger and Euro Burger as our main, and got a side of Truffle Parmesan Fries. Fury Chicken Wings: the wings were surprisingly tasty. The sauce was slightly sweet, yet tangy. It wasn't too vinegary like many buffalo sauces and other condiments restaurants usually drench on top of their wings. They were also clean and easy to eat b/c it was like a lollipop, with the bone as a handle. The blue cheese crumbles accompanying it was really sharp and pungent. It complements the wings well, but eating it alone was a bad idea (I usually don't like cheese, especially stinky cheese). Hell's Kitchen Burger: the first bite was pretty decent, but the subsequent bites deteriorated with taste. I thought that the buns were stale and dry. The patty was cooked to my liking (medium), but it seemed like something was missing.Euro Burger: I thought that this was better than the Hell's Kitchen Burger. It was slightly savory, but again, the buns didn't compliment the burger as a whole. I prefer my buns (burger buns) to be soft and slightly fluffy (like Hawaiian Rolls). Truffle Parmesan Fries: although they were only fries, I thought that this was my favorite item that we ordered. The fries tasted like they were freshly cut, texture was crisp, and it wasn't too greasy. One order is good enough to share between three people. Overall, the restaurant didn't live up to the hype. Unfortunately, I was disappointed after my meal. Although I did leave with a full stomach, I was hoping to have had an amazing burger. Compared to other burger joints I've been to, this place is just average. Due to all the hype, and it being a Gordon Ramsay's restaurant, it's a good place to try at least once. However, I wouldn't wait for more than 20 mins to eat here again.
3	not too impressed. everything was fine but nothing was awesome or notable.
4	Good beer and good burgers.What else do I need to say?But really though, my burger was tasty and cooked to a perfect MR.Service was great and attentive.The only negative things I have to say about it is that the line was hella long to get a table. Everyone sees the name, Gordon Ramsay, and they start getting starry eyed. The restaurant is cool and all, but I think it's a little gimmicky. Yeah, it has Chef's name on it, but he's not cooking your burger for you, calm down.
1	Our experience being seated was so bad that we couldn't even enjoy the food when we finally got seated.  I've never been treated so rudely at a restaurant.  After being told that it would be a 30-40 minute wait for a table we find a place at the edge of the bar to stand and have a drink.  An hour later we are still at the bar watching patron after patron who arrived after us be seated.  We were very polite and asked several times about our table and others being seated.  We were told that they had a rule to give preference to parties of 2, we had 3 in our group.  After being spoken to rudely and dismissed by the hostess we finally asked for the manager after approximately 90 minutes.  She was accommodating, but not particularly friendly.  We were even more infuriated when we were shown to our table only to see 5 surrounding tables completely empty.  I guess they were happy to see us buying drinks at the bar and so they continued to ignore us.  We were so excited to eat at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant, no so anymore.  NEVER AGAIN Gordon.
4	Delicious!  But don't order too much food.  This may have been too much for me to eat:- Euro Burger- Shake with chocolate hazelnut pudding + coffee- Honey-Pig Bao Bun (1 out of an order of 3)- part of an order of Truffle Parmesan FriesI'm gonna blame the shake for doing me in.  Also the bottom/end of the shake was all thick pudding, which was kinda not too appealing to me at the end, since the consistency at the top was more milkshake.
4	I've been a big fan of Gordon Ramsay for some time, so I was REALLY excited to be here. I was expecting to hear some yelling and feel a serious ambiance, but I got the opposite of that. :( haha jk.Service: EXCELLENT. The hostesses were really nice and helpful. Everyone had a smile on their faces (even if they can't bend over due to their dresses being so short haha). Our server was an ecstatic man who was informative, helpful and (I have to add in) good looking. Anyways, best service I've ever gotten. He even warned us to not get too much since the burgers were pretty filling. One con was that the wait time for the food was pretty long, so prepare yourself. Food:Truffle Fries:I really don't like truffle oil and I confirmed it eating this, but the fries were still good. Unique, fancy and well made. The fries weren't too crispy or too soggy, the perfect balance. I'd recommend if you want to try something different.Brittania Burger (arugula, mango chutney, some kind of cheese and a bunch of awesomeness):Delicious. It wasn't overly greasy like a lot of burger joints. I've been to so many where you get grease dripping from the fingers, not a pretty experience haha. The bun was so soft and cute. And the bite was a party in my mouth. After eating half of it, I got pretty full, but I also had a toffee pudding shake before it (which was really rich). I really recommend this burger if you like a battle between sugar and salt :)Shake #1 (toffee pudding and.... Other amazing things haha):Everything in it is homemade so it was pretty epic. I've got to add in that it is very rich. If you like shakes, I'd recommend it, but make sure you don't drink too much or you'll be too full to eat haha. Overall, if you're looking for a place to eat at check this place out!
4	Waited in line for ~30 minutes but it was worth it because the boyfriend and I are huge fans of Master Chef and Hell's Kitchen. The exterior already attracted us and the ambiance of the restaurant is definitely upscale. Immediately after we were seated down we noticed the extreme detailing of this place. Everything looked so pretty! Our server was also friendly (even though he took forever to bring our drinks). We ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger which was pretty good. The flavors were well-balanced. As Gordon Ramsay would say, "the burger brings a lot of heat, it's got a nice kick to it!" However, we wanted medium-well but that wasn't what we really got. We also ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries and that was delicious. The sauces that we were given were unique-tasting, MUST TRY! Overall, Gordon Ramsay Burgr met the standards of what a burger should taste like, but nothing stood out or was spectacular. We would like to return again though to try their other burgers or the devil dawgs.
1	Our burgers and fries were good but definitely not worth the price. On top of that, service was terrible. Not only did our food take forever to arrive, our server, Ginger, was unprofessional and awfully inattentive. She never came to check up on our table. When she did finally show up with the bill, she made it seem like we were wasting her time.
2	The burgers are good but not worth the price. Buns are delicious. Meat isn't season well so the flavor mostly comes from the toppings. The farmhouse burger was okay, but I prefer real bacon :) the euro burger was really tasty, but again because of the goat cheese and aioli, it was tasty.Shake #5 was good. Summary: not worth wait or price. Notes:Line is long. That's okay, it's on the strip and it's Gordon Ramsay. But. We got seated and then waited about 30 minutes. No food. And they have at least 15 burgers sitting under the heat lamp. The burgers obviously don't take long to cook. It's the service that takes long. We saw a hot dog sit under a heat lamp for 30 minutes before going out. If this was one of his shows, the person in charge of running the food would have gotten the boot.
5	My God I've died and gone to Burger Heaven! The burger at Burgr has got to be the best burger I've had in my life and I am a burger aficionado. It has officially overtaken Umami Burger's number one spot in my book.Go hungry because the burger is pretty filling. I love that they allow sharing though i didn't share. I went alone and order The European Burger, Truffle Fries, A cocktail. the Ruby Red one I forget the name and Shake #1.I ate the entire burger though i was full and nibbled on a few of the fries which was a shame as they were expensive. I wish they had half orders. But the portion size is great for sharing.That shake!!!! Can I just talk about that shake??? I had Shake number 1 which had pudding on top and a cookie crisp. Man they should serve that pudding separately as well. It's so rich and thick. You eat it with a spoon and then finally get to your shake. YUMMMMS!http://www.meonlybetterfitness.com
4	Long waits, average prices, delicious foods :) this past week was my second time here at burgr, and the wait this time (1hr 15mins) was even longer than my first time (45mins)! Planet Hollywood has like a million shops, so I had plenty to preoccupy myself whilst waiting. But well worth the wait, I got my favorite from last time, the euro burger and a side of truffle fries. Their truffle aioli, literally amazing. The fries to stand to be a bit crispier, but I'm just nit picky. All in all my experience was just as good as last time, the staff are all attractive people, and very nice as well. They got one of my table member's orders wrong, and corrected it without questioning or anything. Still highly recommend burgr, and cannot wait to come back! :)
4	I went to the restaurant after reading comments on yelp and I wasn't disappointed. Great service and great burgers at a reasonable price. The waitress did an awesome job guiding us through the menu and the beverage selection. The burgers were cooked as ordered and the selection itself was nice.Definitely a place to stop if you're looking for good honest food at a reasonable price.
4	One of the better quality burgers I have had. I probably would have rated it 5-stars if the cost and the wait were not a little steep. I can only complain so much though because it is a Gordon Ramsay establishment. If you are looking for a Gordon Ramsay restaurant to visit and not wanting to have to pay for a more expensive meal, then this is your place.
4	One of the better burgers I've had in a while. Ordered the Farm Burger just to try the duck bacon, and that along with the egg was amazing. Nothing like a juicy burger with bacon and a runny egg yolk! The truffle fries were great as well. Only gripe was after being seated the server took forever to come back, but I will definitely come back here my next time in Vegas.
4	Waiting was a bit tedious as times continuously extended 15 minutes after coming back the previous 15 minute estimated given time. After finally being seated and being in a grumpy mood from waiting with an empty stomach, our server James changed the whole ball game with his very welcoming introductions and suggested all the great food. My girlfriend and I could have sworn he was the manager of the place serving guests due to his pristine personality that changed our frowns from entrance to a great experience with a happy smile when leaving. Definitely an experience! AMAZING SAUCES!
3	Such a let down! The hells burger was good but not nearly as good as Holsteins. Pricey but onion rings were good and sweet potato fries....other than that meh...
4	When you're in Vegas, you know you're gonna splurge a little. Why not splurge on a burGR?! I've always been a fan of Gordon Ramsey's show, Kitchen Nightmare, but never got the chance to eat at any of his restaurants...'till now.High end burgers are going to cost you a pretty penny. Burgers here are at least $15, but they're worth it! Try the Euro burger: the goat cheese and arugula pair really well together. I loved the toasted brioche buns! It added a bit of sweetness to the burger that contrasted nicely with the savory patty. I also tried the Farm Burger. The fried egg was a nice touch to the burger. Everything tastes better with an egg in my opinion. And duck breast bacon? Say whaaaa!? This is also a must try!I only wish the fries were crispier. They seemed a bit soggy to me. The truffle fries were nothing special. Just Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top. Not worth the $10 spent, but now I know. I will probably just stick to their regular fries next time. I really liked the chipotle ketchup though. Why didn't I think of that sooner! I'm gonna start making it at home now. And an added bonus: waiters- helpful and RIPPED! They all looked good in their matching uniform. A gal can't help, but look. Haha.
4	We waited 45min to grab and early dinner; we ordered, waited....3 of us got our food; hubby didn't; Manager came over and apologized about the order problem and his food should be out shortly; but it seemed like every waiter that walked by our table kept apologizing about the order mix-up and we felt all other table eyes were on us...food came along with an order of garlic fries.  When it came time to pay, hubby noticed his order wasn't on bill.  Nice.  If we wanted to be the center of attendtion then I would have given a 5 star rating, but other table waiter overload with apologies for a hamburger --- it wasn't stake.   I think it would have been more personal for just our waiter, the Manager and just our table to know what was going on with the order- Not the whole eating area.
2	Visited BurGR during a recent business trip to Las Vegas.  It was one of the meals that I was most looking forward to.  Unfortunately, it failed me...at least partially.  Dining by myself this meal, I bypassed the line of waiting people and asked the hostess if I could simply sit at the bar, where there was one empty seat remaining.  She said Yes and soon I was being served by a very nice bartender.  While I was perusing the menu, I ordered an Angry Orchard Cider (the Crisp variety was on tap) and it was delicious!  For my meal, I chose the Parmesan Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings, which came with chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch dip, and the Britannia Burger, described as being topped with English sharp cheddar, mango chutney, and arugula.  The restaurant was very busy, but even so the service was fairly prompt.  When my meal arrived, I first tried an onion ring and IT WAS AMAZING...by itself and with either of two dipping sauces!  Sadly, the burger was another thing entirely.  I took my first bite, expecting to receive a broad flavor of savory meat and cheese, spicy arugula, and sweet mango chutney.  Well, the savory and the spicy were there, but there was no sweetness whatsoever.  Confused, I put down the burger, removed the top, and found nothing that resembled chutney.  I called over the bartender, explained the situation, and she offered to either bring me a small dish of chutney or have them make me a new burger entirely, this time with the chutney included.  I chose the former, but what she brought me, in my opinion, could scarcely be called a "chutney".  When I think of a chutney, I think of a mixture of diced fruits and spices that retain some semblance of solidity.  What I got was thin, runny, and had maybe two very thin slices of something that may have been a fruit at some point.  I dipped a finger, tasted it, and it was sweet, so I poured it atop my hamburger patty.  Sadly, as I lifted the burger and took a bite, much of the thin liquid substance leaked out the sides, affecting the overall flavor of the burger very little.  The burger was still good, not great, but good, so I went ahead and finished it without further comment to the bartender.  Had it not been for the saving grace of those onion rings, this meal would have been a disaster, especially given the price of the burger.  So, my advice, get the onion rings and if you are considering the Britannia Burger, then make sure that they have improved the chutney before ordering.  That said, if you are craving a good burger on the Strip, then I highly recommend Fukuburger within Fame in the Linq; but better yet, if you can get off Strip, then go to Bachi Burger!
1	Waited 20 minutes to be seated. Ordered in 2 minutes, waited for said order for 20 minutes. The burgers and fries are very tasty! Ordered the Euro Burger ,  Blue Burger , Parmesan Fries and Shake #5 ( I call it the Nutella Shake).  No server came back  to check on us. The shake never arrived.  Our waiter got sick and went home. We cancelled our shake order, eventually got our check, paid it and left. Never to return again!!!
4	see... here's the thing.I came here strictly because of being a Gordon Ramsay fanboi.  There's no way I would wait in line for an hour to get a burger.After an hour and 15 minutes of waiting we were finally seated after being quoted an hour.  We ordered the Farm burger, the Chili Cheese dog, and the parm truffle fries. The burger was good. The bun was very good.  The duck bacon is different for sure as we were warned by the server.  The chili cheese dog was disappointing but the fries were delicious.  Ask for the white cheddar ranch sauce to accompany the fries and you wont be disappointed.  All in all I wont dine here again if the wait is over 20 minutes, but the burger was delicious.
5	Holy mother of fucking earth!  One of the best burgers I've ever had. I can't get over how delicious the burgers are here and the pork belly sliders are ridiculously out of this world.  My review does no justice for this place you must come check it out for yourself.  Staff  is very friendly and attentive, nice decor, and the service is fast.  I will be coming back that's for sure..
2	I was so underwhelmed when I was here. Service was good food came fast. I don't quite like the iPad on the table but ehhh. Truffle fries were quite blah and didn't eat but a few. The burger was also very ehhh, I had about three bites and ate the rest when I was drunk. In my opinion there are much better places to eat while in Vegas.
4	Very very delicious burger, almost a 5 star but I'll tell you why in this review. So the place is located inside Planet Hollywood near the front entrance. The inside was very chill, cool, and greeted with nice customer service. As I sat down the waiter have me an iPad to look over the beverages & deserts which is cool that you get to see a clear view of what you want to drink and eat.So ordered the popular European burger which had various types of cheese which was very similar to blue cheese but I forgot the type of cheese it had. I had the meat cooked media cause I wanted that juicey taste. Every bight of the burger was great but the only thing I didn't like was that it put too much of the creamy cheese. Other than that the burger was delicious. The highlight of the dinner was the awesome epic parmesan garlic fries. These fries is a must to have and their white dipping sauce was epic. So good that even my gf that's not a fries fan, she loved it soo much.
5	Prices are crazy good for Vegas food. This is a freaking  Ramsey restaurant at really affordable prices. The quality of the food is outstanding. By far the best burgers in Vegas . A must try.Service was very attentive and the dogs are huge
4	When in Vegas, splurge a bit because... Vegas.  My friends really wanted to try this place out, so here we go.The prices for the burgers aren't too bad, somewhere between 12-16 bucks like any other high end burger joints.  The burgers here are pretty bomb.  I got the Chanterelle Burger.  I liked it a lot and the meat was cooked just right for medium rare.  The Truffle Fries were great and the Creme Brulee Oreo Milkshake wasn't all that bad.  The shake might have been a bit too sweet for me though (personal preferences).  And you could totally try different burgers by cutting and exchanging your burger with friends.  Trying different burgers for the price of one. Yay. Anyway, great quality of food and wonderful costumer service.
2	45 minute wait.  Worth it? Absolutely not.  The food took long to come out.  I started off with the pork belly bun.  The pork belly had nice flavor to it, thus the 2 star.  Otherwise it would have been a 1 star.  Pork belly was good, but the ratio of meat to veggie and bun was absurd.  Tried the farm burger along with all 3 different fries.  I thought the patty was a little flavorless and the overall taste did not meet my expectations of going to a world renown chef.  Looks like that place needs hells kitchen!
4	Admittedly, this place is a bit pricey for the food that you get. However, I am always satisfied with the quality of burger, the beautiful display of the food, and I can never get enough of the fries. The location (right inside Planet Hollywood) is spectacular. If you're willing to spend a few extra bucks for a great burger, then I'd definitely recommend BurGR. If you like eggs (particularly ones with runny yolk), especially if you've never gotten an egg with your burger... You MUST get the farm burger, hands down. I've gotten this all 3 times I've been here, and it's never disappointed. The meat is juicy, tender, and flavorful. As for fries, I prefer the truffle fries -- the truffle sauce is simply spectacular. My mouth is watering even as I think about it. If you can, just slather as much sauce as you can and then ask for more. I've asked for seconds (and thirds) of the sauce before.NOTE: If you're aiming to get in at a reasonable time, particularly on busy Vegas weekends, I would start waiting in line even before it opens... Otherwise, it's not quite worth the wait. Last time I was there, we arrived around 30 minutes after opening and had to wait about an hour to be seated.
5	With my friends I was able to try these items from the menu:Blue Burger - This burger was designed for an acquired taste.  If you enjoy the bitter taste of arugula that unlocks the palate for the rest of the burger, then you will enjoy the simple and rustic combination of the cheese and arugula that leaves a bitter but savory taste in your mouth.  Not my cup of tea but my friend loved it.Britannia Burger - The arugula is masked by the hidden jewel in this burger. The amazing Mango chutney.  Combining the best of sweet and savory, the Britannia is a great choice for someone who is looking to satisfy their stomachs as well as their sweet tooth.Farm Burger - A burger fit for the protein induced.  The duck breast bacon unfortunately becomes overpowered by the runny egg sandwiched between the two buns.  You need a sensitive palate to differentiate this "fancy" burger from one you can make yourself at home.Earth Burger - This was ordered for the vegetarian at our table.  A huge portobello mushroom replaces the patty and the mix of tomato, fontina cheese and arugula creates a salad of flavors in your mouth.  Fish & Crisp Sandwich - I ordered the fish sandwich, thinking that since Gordon's from the UK, his restaurant must make a damn good fish and chips.  The sandwich was massive and spectacular.  The fish was crisped to a level of buttery perfection.  However, much of the success of this sandwich goes to butter rather than the fish itself.Shake #4 - It's an Oreo shake, meh.Truffle Parmesan Fries - This. This was one of the two reasons why BurGR gets five stars from me.  While the burgers themselves were very high quality, the truffle parm sauce was a unique flavor I had never tasted before.  The truffle flavor was overpowering, to the point where it stunk for my nose with every bite I inhaled, but I couldn't stop eating them.  The sauce itself was imbued with the very essence of truffles, a quality that one could taste with every bite!Sweet Potato Fries - These were also very meh for me.Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings - The second winner of the table, our server insisted that the onions were shipped to the restaurant from Hawaii, fresh daily.  Regardless, these were some damn good onion rings.I can understand the high price comes with the Gordon Ramsay brand name, but the meal was well worth it.  In terms of Vegas priced food, BurGR is a damn fine place to eat when you're living it up on the Strip, for all the right reasons.
4	Wanted to try my first Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  The service was excellent, but the food was just good, not mind blowing.  But I will say presentation on everything was excellent.We ordered:Fury chicken wings - came out very fast, tasted pretty good.Farm burger - didn't really taste the wood fire grilled patty.  The egg was perfectly fried, and I mean perfectly.Kale Granny-Apple Caesar Salad - this is the only item that we tried that I would order again.  It was that good.chocolate hazelnut pudding + coffee shake+ praline cookie - was good, not badMost of the items were good, not bad, not great.  Presentation was excellent, service was excellent.  I don't come to Vegas often so I probably won't come back (I want to try some of the other restaurants) but I would be happy to come back for that awesome salad and excellent service one day.
2	I expected much more from a Gordon Ramsey restaurant being that he is so highly critical of others and their methods. I like all of his shows and even started cooking at home after watching an entire season of Kitchen Nightmares on Netflix. That might have nothing to do with his restaurant, but when your main source of marketing is being a celebrity chef that verbally bashes bad food made by other establishments, you have to expect a certain level of service & quality in his product. If it wasn't for the awesome glass wall of fire in the front of this restaurant, I'd give it 1 star.  I wen't to Vegas for memorial day week and 3 of my 6 reservations were at his restaurants (Burger @PH, Steak @Paris, & Pub@Ceasers).  Burger was the 1st of his spots on my trip. Even with a reservation we waited 15 minutes in line, which was the same wait time for those without a reservation. The promptness of service was good, but there was a breakdown in service at some point because the 4 of us weren't that pleased with the food.1. My medium bacon burger was very well-done & bacon was somewhat bland.2. My friends well-done burger arrived bloody, but he liked the fries.3. The female of the group ordered a meatless mushroom burger w/ no complaints.4. My other friend received the burger as ordered, but he said it wasn't that great. After spending $140 for mediocre burgers, the group agreed not to waste our time with the other 2 Ramsey restaurants & I cancelled the open table reservations.There are thousands of burger places to choose from  in Vegas, step it up!
4	We come here each time we come to Vegas, this time we hit it up twice. First time this trip, service great, food superb, & wait wasn't that bad.2nd time, we came around 6pm w/2 more in our party and we had to wait an hour. We gambled while we waited, no biggie.Greeting was great, our Waitress was great, the SA was not. She came around quickly throwing drinks on the table(literally) then rushing off without an apology for spilling our drinks. We dried up the liquid & watched this girl move around the restaurant. She never smiled, seem not to want to be there. Later, after we got our meal, she popped by & this time slammed a refill glass on table & quickly left. To the good stuff- I ordered fuzzy wings, they ordered American Burgers & Hells Kitchen Burger. We ordered the mid rare, which was perfect. Quick tip- when ordering fries, just order 1 for 2 people. You'll get full easily. I would have given 5 stars but I could not excuse the SA.
5	Three words: Southern. Yardbird. Burger.If you go to Gordon Ramsay BurGR (and you will), this item has to be one you consider trying. Now, I know the Hell's Kitchen Burger and the American Burger are popular items; but listen to me: you see that photo I posted of that Southern Yardbird Burger? That could be YOU.With that out of the way, Gordon Ramsay BurGR was enjoyable overall. My crew knew that there was going to be a wait in order to seated; we got to the restaurant around 5 on a Friday. Once we got the text message that seating was available, it was on. I can't remember exactly who our waiter was, but he was on point the entire time; made sure drinks were filled, provided great recommendations, and provided that Las Vegas hospitality to some folks coming from the East Coast.I can definitely see why this place stays packed: good food + good drinks + good service + friendly atmosphere = satisfied and returning customers. I will be back here once I come back to LV.Oh yeah, before I forget: Southern. Yardbird. Burger.
4	I finally had the pleasure of dining at a Gordon Ramsay establishment! I've spent years watching him scream at poor contestants on Hell's Kitchen while inspiring home cooks on Master Chef and last but not least helping failing restaurants come out of the ashes on Kitchen Nightmares. Quick Tip: party greater than 3 or more skip the line and speak with the hostess. They will put you down and send you a text when your table is ready. Sorry, if you are a table of two you have to wait in lineI opted to try the Hog Burger since its one of their signature dishes. I was pleasantly surprised at how moist and tender the pork was bite after bite. It was cooked to medium perfection (recommended) and seasoned just enough to not steal the lime light from the porky goodness.Fries were decent but nothing to write home about. We also got an order of wings for the table to share. Wings were fall off the bone and flavorful but for the price and size it felt a little steep. Overall ThoughtsGordon Ramsay, 1 for 1!
1	Keep your personal stuff PERSONAL is all I have to say. I don't know if tonight was an off night for the staff, but our server Lauren was horrible. After waiting 15 minutes for a drink menu, she was nowhere to be seen.. FINALLY she comes back, and we got some sob story about how someone's mother died and this is why she took so long to take our order!!! WTF!! My husbands mother passed a few years back and it was NOT good timing on behalf of our server!!! We took this trip in hopes to alleviate some of our stress at home! I am a highly compassionate person, but I do not want to ever hear a story like this when I'm literally just wanting to have a nice dinner , and relax. Hearing this added a level of stress to the meal and dining experience. I watched Lauren take another 15 minutes to enter one tables order, while racing around apologizing to everyone, then neglecting another table for another 15 minutes and they looked raging mad by the time she took their order. I do NOT appreciate being made to feel GUILTY because I'm a guest at a restaurant.
4	Enjoyed this place a lot however the wait times are a bit ridiculous at an hour plus. I ordered the hog burger and between the other 5 people we were with we tried a lot of what Burger had to offer. Overall I was impressed but not blown away.
4	I rarely ever write a review on YELP, but in this case I just had to. First on a positive note, the food was delicious. We had the Blue Burger, onion rings, and truffle fries. Now what made it even better was the exceptional service we received from David. He took time from his very busy hour and educated us on the restaurant,  Gordon Ramsey, the menu and then surprisingly pointed out that Christina Wilson, winner of Hell's Kitchen, was the executive chef!! We had our 12 year old daughter with us who was also in awe. I made it a point to walk up to say hello and THANK HER! She was busy texting or something on her phone, barely looked up and said "Youre welcome" Wait! What? You're welcome?? Wow!!! Rude! Does she think she's to good to take 30 seconds to acknowledge a customer? What if I had been a food critic or a celebrity?  Shame on you Christina!!
5	I instantly fell in love with BURGR.  When we got there it seemed like the line would be long but we got through it fairly quickly, about 15 minutes. When we sat down, the waiter was quick. He knew his stuff. When I asked for recommendations, he was very knowledgeable about how to make my burger taste even better. Now for the burger: I ordered the Euro burger ($16) which has goat cheese (which I tend to not like but went along with what the waiter recommended) and arugula, oven roasted tomato and truffle aioli. HOLY COW it was good. When it first comes to you, it doesn't look like a huge burger, but trust me, it is filling and just very satisfying. It was perfectly cooked to medium and the taste worked very well together.My boyfriend ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger ($14) and he couldn't get enough. He;s so picky too but really like how the flavors were on point. We shared an order of just fries ($8) and they were kind of like steak fries and one order was plenty for the two of us. Te flavored ketchup (chipotle ketchup and curried ketchup) were good too. I'm not much or a ketchup person, but I was enjoying it. Yes, the price for this plus a beer for my boyfriend was about $ 45 before tip, but it was completely worth it. We left full and happy with our meals.We plan on going back before we leave town because it was THAT good.
5	Since my first visit a year ago, I've been dreaming about my return to BurGR. I'm happy to say the burger was absolutely amazing and just as good as I remembered. Here's what you need to know: Line: there will be a wait. Get over it. Is amazing. Put your name on the list and hang around in Planet Hollywood. They'll text you when your seat is ready. Food: get a burger. Any burger will do, but the Hell's Kitchen burger and the farm burger are amazing. The farm has duck bacon and a perfectly cooked egg. Service: it can be slow, but it's usually because they are so busy. They keep the drinks full, but just like any other Vegas restaurant they don't like to split checks. Just as with any other Harrahs property, show your total rewards card to save a bit of money. Go. Eat a burger. Enjoy the deliciousness.
5	I'm completely speechless.  Wow.  Worth every morsel/crumb of a calorie.  I got the American Classic burger with sharp cheddar, cooked medium.  It was heaven on a plate--complete perfection.  Yes, it's worth the wait, the calories, the money.  My group said the onion rings were the best in the history of onion rings!! Lol we had a moment of silence in their honor!! Already counting the minutes until my next fix!!!
5	Garlic Parmesean Truffle Oil Fries are AWESOME.  The aoli sauce was great but Gordon, you have to rethink putting the housemade ketchup on with those.  I am surprised!  It over powers the taste of the fries and is not complimentary at all.Southern Acacia cocktail EXCELLENT!  Light and refreshing!Hell's Kitchen Burger--Amazing! To die for!Service was excellent.  Everyone had great knowledge of the menu, it preparation.  The IPAD experience is an awesome touch.  Shows you the cocktails, what is in them, their 30 beers on tap and wine plus other goodies like GR Gifts.  Now the bad--the fish was excellent but was served on a crispy bun which was doughy.  The vinegar and salt chips.......not chips I am used to but okay.  The bun was absolutely a fuck up!  Get on it Chef!  Overall Congratulations on a great success!
5	A year ago, it was my friend's 22nd birthday, so we all went to Gordon Ramsay Burger because the birthday boy's girlfriend said that it was a must before we go back home! We waited for 5 mins and got seated, not bad for a party of 7.  The waitress was super friendly explaining and recommending stuff on the menu to us, since it was everybody's first time at Gordon Ramsay. I got the farm burger + fried egg with sweet potato fries. My sister got the same except thing but instead she got the truffle fries and  a strawberry shake. I forgot what my friend ordered, put I guess it's must be something good!After done eating my meal, the burger was on point and it was delicious. The service was excellent! But dont get me wrong, I just dont get the hype of this place? So, Gordon Ramsay is on a show "Kitchen Nightmares"...and so? IDK...after flying back home to San Francisco, every one of my friend's was screaming and dying to know how my experience was at Gordon Ramsay. To tell you the truth, it just taste like a normal burger with a fried egg in it. I gave it a 5 star because the service was fast and friendly. Also the burger is on point! But can somebody please explain this hype to me because I just don't get it. Even until today.
4	Quick tip: To get seated quickly, get together with friends to form a party of 3 or more. We ordered a Euro burger, Farm Burger, Chanterelle Burger, truffle fries and onion rings. Burgers are really good, except very salty! The Euro burger had just the right amount of goat cheese. Onion rings and fries are very good, not oily and crisp! Dips were great! Shake #1 and #5 was super thick and sweet. Wait staff was very attentive and friendly. Our waiter said he really enjoyed working there, especially with the new head chef. And it showed!
4	Now I've eaten at all three Gordon Ramsay restaurants in Vegas.  I put BurGR at the bottom of that list with Gordon Ramsay Steak inside Paris as one of the best restaurants in Vegas period.I've had better burgers at other places so I'm not completely wow'd by Gordon Ramsay BurGR.  The line to get a table was an hour wait...not worth waiting for in my opinion.However, if there's free seating at the bar - take it, and grab a bite.  One of our bartenders was Senia.  She was cute, perky and easy to talk to.  She definitely made the beer and burger taste better so kudos to GR for hiring some great help otherwise BurGR would get just 3 stars.I got the Hell's Kitchen burger which was good but a little dry.  My wife's Farm burger was much better.  The egg moistens the burger and gives it that extra something special.  Make sure to get the truffle fries...which were awesome.The restaurant sits at the front entrance to Planet Hollywood...easy to find.  The flaming signage is one of the best signs for anything I've ever seen.  Very cool.
5	I rarely eat burgers so I figured if I'm going to splurge I'll head to Gordom Ramsey's BurGR! I ordered the blue burger and sweet potato fries! Way too much for me to finish, but so freaking delicious! I thought everything was awesome, including the service! Can't wait to go back to Vegas and try his other restaurants!
5	As a disclaimer, I want to say that I love watching Gordon Ramsay's shows, such as masterchef and Hell's Kitchen. I have always wanted to eat at one of his restaurants just to try his food. That said, I think if it was bad food, my husband would've thought so too as he is not much of a Gordon Ramsay fan..We both loved it, I got the farmer burger and he got the Hell's Kitchen burger. I have never had a better burger in my life, and we go out to eat a lot at nice restaurants. The fries were thicker, which wasn't bad as they were still crispy..I can't stand soft fries. The ketchup was great (two varieties, curry ketchup and chipotle ketchup) and my favorite part was the dessert, which was sticky toffee pudding in a push pop form, kinda weird, but it was still delicious. The line went relatively quickly as well even though it was a long line to begin with. We waited less than 30 mins and there were at least 30 people in front of us. The two person table was quite small though but everything else was great: food, wait time, hostess, server, atmosphere..I'd give it 5 starts across the board. Great restaurant that lives up to the Gordon Ramsay name. The two of us spent about $70 which is moderately priced for a vegas restaurant, and so worth it in my opinion.
4	I have a borderline obsession with Gordon Ramsey. Since I don't get cable, it's not with his Kitchen Nightmares or Hell's Kitchens or what have you - no, it's his ridiculous talent.PEOPLE. GORDON RAMSEY IS MORE THAN JUST A YELLING BRITISH MAN IN A KITCHEN.He. Is. A. GODCHEF.There's this series called Ramsey's Ultimate Cookery Course; 100 recipes to stake your life on. And I would. Stake my life on it.So when Ryan suggested we go to get burgers, I said, "Meh...burgers..""Gordon Ramsey's restaurant."BURGERS!Worth the wait. Worth the price. Get the oreo shake with the creme brulee pudding and don't you fucking waste any of it.Their whiskey cherry cocktail is too sweet for my taste and gave me a wicked headache.The caesar salad was kale and romaine and despite being one of the most typically boring entrees, it was actually quite wonderful, mellow. The fries were great, too, and Ryan really enjoyed his burger (sans bun, because he likes to pretend he eats semi healthy).Goddammit Gordon Ramsey, you did it again. Of course you did, like I would have doubted you for a moment.
4	This is my second Gordon Ramsay establishment I've visited. The first was The London in West Hollywood, which was an amazing experience. I got the chanterelle burger and we split truffle fries. The burger was delicious but nothing special. The mushrooms were a bit too subtle and the figgy-onion jam was a bit too sweet. The whole thing was surprisingly very forgettable.The fries on the other hand were spectacular. Thick cut, perfectly salted, and generously covered in Parmesan cheese. It came with two different dips. One was a truffle aioli. I don't even remember what the second one was, but the truffle aioli was like crack. My brother and I fought over the fries like vultures and they were nearly all gone before we even touched the burgers. We then took the remaining truffle dip and spread it over our burgers as well. Seriously amazing. Next time if I'm ever in Vegas I'd probably just order multiple orders of fries and eat them until I feel sick.Oh yeah, the figgy pudding push ups were great as well!
4	Honestly, I wasn't mind blown by the food but it was a good experience. I was really glad they use a texting service to inform you once your table is ready for your group. (The line outside the place is only for tables for 2.) My friends and I were able to explore the mall within Planet Hollywood for about 45 minutes while we waited to receive a text back.I ordered the Chanterelle Burger and felt like I couldn't taste much of the other flavors aside from the meat patty. But the burger comes with a pretty large patty, so I felt like I got my money's worth as it filled me up like crazy! I had a bite of my sister's Farm Burger and enjoyed hers a bit more since I love eggs.The Truffle Parmesan Fries seemed okay to me. Most flavor came from the sauces served with the fries, which were good. But I didn't think the fries were anything spectacular.Perhaps I had higher expectations because of all the other reviews. I really wanted to love it but I just was not blown away. At least I can say I tried it! It was an overall good experience though. Just not sure if I want to pay $15 for a burger again.
3	I'd give it a 3.5, but I can't, so I went down to 3.I'd heard all kinds of good things about this place, so the wife and I decided to have dinner here.We had to wait in line to get in (there was no separet line for parties of 2 or less). When we got in, I saw empty tables. Hmm...So, the place was very loud, and the chairs are really low, causing the waiter to bend over and talk very loudly. If my back was acting up, I would not like those seats.My wife got a burger, and I got the pork burger. She liked hers, and mine was good, but I could barely even tell it was pork. In any case, both burgers were good.No sides come with the burgers. What's up with that?We had onion rings for an appetizer, and they were quite good, but a bit greasy.We ordered one side of fries to go with our burgers, and didn't finish them. Not very good.Drinks were pretty good. Service was pretty good, but not what you would expect from seeing Rameys's shows.People at the next table over were French, and had trouble ordering. Funny that BurGR has photos of all the desserts and drinks, but not of the entrees.The wife at that table got her burger long before her husband did, but the GM came by and said he was comping the man's burger. Not that he understood that...So, overall, the burgers are good, the rings are good but greasy, the fries are bad, and the place is overpriced and overrated. 2 burgers, 2 sides, 4 cocktails = over $100.
4	Just for their 'milkshake', which can be a bit confusing if you don't read the fine print lol but in a good way: it's all deleesh pudding.  Being an excited tourist, all I saw was the heading Shakes on the menu, but alas, I did ask the server which was the most popular, so had some tough, tough choices to make:Orea, Caramel or the Coffee...so coffee it was, and can definitely say I'd be going back...so rich and so good yet smooth too.
1	If you are a party of two, don't go there!They make a party of two wait in the line.  While we were waiting in the line, hostess removed larger parties who came after us  (7, 6, 14) and all of them got seated before us.  We waited 45 minutes.  A party of 6 came after 20 minutes or so but got seated 10 minutes before us.  Does this make sense to you?  Burgers were good but not worth the wait.
2	My first visit about two weeks after the opening was amazing.  My second visit, not so much.  This restaurant has become very popular, and there is often a long line of people waiting to be seated.  We arrived at off-peak time on a Sunday afternoon, so the wait was only about 5 to 10 minutes.  The restaurant was nevertheless packed inside and on the loud side.  I could be mistaken, but there seemed to be more tables in the dining area than before. In any event, if you are not seated in a booth, you will be pretty close to the adjacent tables.  The service during my first visit rivaled fine dining.  This time, the service was slow, infrequent, and unpolished.  It took too long for our server to make her appearance after we were seated.  She was soft spoken, so it was hard to hear her over the din of the crowded restaurant.  When I asked her what beers they have on tap, she appeared to me to be annoyed by my question and placed an iPad in front of me to peruse.  She took our order very mater of factly and was on her way.  It must have taken 15 minutes for my beer to arrive, and that was about 10 minutes after my buddy's diet coke was delivered by a staffer who informed us the beer he didn't bring would be coming "soon."   Some other guy eventually brought the beer.  It took a good while longer for the food to come out.  I ordered my burger medium, but the burger I was served was well done.  I ate it without saying anything to avoid further annoyance to our server and because lord knows how long it would have taken to get a replacement.  We were staying at the Encore, so having lunch here wasn't exactly convenient.  Based on my first experience, the place seemed worth going out of my way for.  Based on my second visit, I might give it another chance, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do it.
3	This place is over rated. And too pricey. I got the veggie burger and expected it to be good (for 16$, yeah it better be) and found myself eating it only because I was paying so much for it. Literally one of the worst things I ever had.My boyfriend liked his, the server was good to add stuff to it and very nice. The fries were the best part (not worth 11$) but they were awesome. I wouldn't pay to eat here again, but if someone offered to pay for me I'd just get fries.
4	Great place- cool atmosphere and delicious food. We got here on a Tuesday at 1145am and waited about 10 minutes to be seated although bar seats were available if we wanted.The appetizers were amazing! The onion rings were the best I've ever had. The chipotle and curry ketchup were super flavorful! We ordered a shake #1 to go and wow-sugar explosion but amazing! My bf ordered the britianna burger medium and loved it. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger substituted meat for portobello patty . Honestly I would love if they actually had a veggie patty instead. It was really good and I love that you can substitute any of the burgers for meat free but a regular veggie patty would be much easier to eat. They put double portobello on there which was actually too much and made the burger fall apart and hard to eat. It was still really good I'm not complaining about that .Worth trying for sure!
2	I was shocked at the mediocrity of the burGRs - its almost as if Gordon Ramsey needs to film an episode of Hell's Kitchen at his own restaurant. Particularly bad was the chantrelle burger.
1	Error
4	In town to pick up family from McCarran, decided to give BurGR a try. Line was long, but flying solo, so the bar was first come seating, sweet.  Great tap beer selections, ordered the Blue, with bacon and just fries. Burger was cooked to perfection, juicy and delicious.  Fries come in this trophy like holder, but none remain as well.  The gal sitting next to me noticed contrasting uniforms, gals dressed like something off Star Trek and dudes like ranch hands. Thanks Chef Ramsay.
4	I don't think it matters which time of day you come, since there always seems to be a wait. We went in as a group of 5 for lunch. Don't get into the long line that you see outside. That is only for parties of 2. For anything larger than that, have your name put down up front. We were informed that the wait would be about 45 minutes long. They were quite accurate with their quoted time! We wandered around the mall during that time since they said they would text us right before our table was ready.The decor was great and service was attentive enough, though it does take awhile for the food to arrive. I ordered the Farm Burger, and we also ordered their Parmesan Truffle Fries to share. They were both unique, but didn't wow me. I'm glad I tried this place out, but I don't think I'd come back to pay $15 for a burger. However, 4 stars since it was still delicious and portions were huge. My friends and I were ready to pass out from food coma after lunch.They have their satisfaction survey on an iPod touch. I thought that was a unique way to catch people's attentions when they are paying the bill. Also, if you're a Total Rewards member, there is a $1 discount off everything. This is definitely a place to try, but not a place I'd frequent!
3	This restaurant is an example to show the power of advertising can it twist your mind. The waiting time was 1:45 min, during which it took almost 20 min to clean the table. We tried 2 types of burgers and both was normal if not less. Nothing special about the meat, no difference between the well done and medium! And the reply was 'its made to your order'. The only thing I liked was the fries dipping. Dont waste your time and money...
1	Wow.... I was looking forward to a delicious, burger with quality ingredients and a concern for preparation. Sat at the bar, ordered a guinness and the blue burger. I also ordered the parmesean fries.  Then it went downhill.The bartender made a huge deal out of me ordering it medium rare - "are you sure, that's going to be red in the middle?" Yep - that's what I want.  Then, of course, it comes and it is barely pink in the center.  I forgive the cook because the patty was about 5oz.  How would you get that to MR? Then I tasted it.  Yes, I have had maytag blue cheese, yes, I know its strong. NO - I didn't expect it to be all I tasted and with the rind put on the burger. I tried getting thought it because I didn't want to get ripped by the bartender again. I couldn't.  I left 3/4 on the plate. When she asked if everything was OK - I explained.  She asked if I wanted to order anything else.... for a moment I thought she was offering to replace it.  Nope, just wanted to know if I wanted more food.  Um - why would I spend another $20 on more food when this is so bad.The fries were good.
4	Went for my Birthday July 14th, this was my 3rd time there and the food was phenomenal as always. However the service was a little slower than usual and the place mats smelled like mold, we notified the waitress of the odor and she gladly removed the mats and cleaned the surface of the table with a disinfecting napkin.She apologized for the slow service and the smell and she kept a smile the whole time. After the end of our dinner she gave us these delicious push pop ice cream things for my birthday, they were amazing. And I can't wait to try Chef Ramsay's other restaurants in vegas.
2	The queue outside and empty tables a plenty inside should have been a warning sign. Great concept, being in the land of burgers and all, oh and mixing in a celebrity chef. Unfortunately, it does not work here. I've eaten many a burger in my time and this was by far the most long winded and protracted way to get an average burger I've ever had, plus the service was a let down. We were left waiting along with a queue of up to 30 people while seats lay empty inside ( waiting staff hung around for customers to be seated- my bug bear is this waiting to be seated rigmarole). Our waitress was charming but a little distracted. We needed to request to be served by another waiter. I ordered a well done burger, it was medium rare! Ok ok but to some that's undercooked. Our waitress kept asking were our ciders nice. We only had beer. So to summarise this is a place to be seen but in my experience bit of a let down.
5	OMG! This place was DELICIOUS. I was scared away every time I wanted to try this place because the wait was always an hour plus but I understand why now.I tried the Farm burger and it was just great. The meat was cooked perfectly and the duck bacon wrapped everything together. Yum!We also tried the truffle fries which were delicious and so flavorful. The house made ketchup and truffle sauce bind the fries together perfectly. The only disappointment was the Jalapeno 'Rita'. It was way too spicy and harsh.I was amazed on how delicious the food was. This is definitely a place to go every time you are in Vegas.
4	Tried BurGR for the first time during my last trip to Vegas. I don't think I've ever had a burger as delicious as this one. I had the American Burger. No frills: just American cheese, butter lettuce (a huge plus in my book: much better than romaine), onion, pickles and tomato on a fresh, fluffy bun. The burger was thick, cooked perfectly, and was so juicy. A little pricey for just the burger, but trust me, it's worth it. You are in Vegas, after all--it's worth the splurge!Oh, and the fries? You NEED to try the truffle Parmesan fries. I dream of the truffle aioli they're served with.  Keep in mind too the portion of fries is VERY large. A group of three would probably be satisfied with a single order. We had two orders of fries for a group of three and were more than stuffed by the end of the meal. If you're visiting Vegas, you need to have BurGR on your list of places to try. I will definitely going back during my next vacation!
5	Went back for the 2nd time in Vegas last week and am already looking forward to my next visit. The place screams contemporary Vegas. Giant flame display at the front of the place, Gordon's crazy face on the menu, the neon red bar, waitresses in tight spandex. It almost feels like a theme park of a restaurant. But the food delivers. The wings with blue cheese are amazing. The farm burger is great and truffle fries with fresh made dipping sauces, ah yes! Very friendly and speedy wait staff to boot.Little pricey but what isn't in Vegas?!Go GORDON OR GO HOME!
2	First the good.... The decor is awesome, they let you keep the menu and the servers are very good looking. The food was quick to the table and the chipotle ketchup was delicious.The downside, those good looking servers never cleared the empty dishes for our table. We were switched servers twice. We had the American burger and the Chanterelle burger, onion rings, truffle fries, two sodas and one shake and the bill was over $80. The onion rings had barely any onion in them, the buns were nice but the burgers were bland and not worth the over ten dollar price tag. The fries were soggy although plentiful and the shake with pudding on top was just too hard to eat.Another celebrity chef concept that is overpriced and doesn't deliver.
4	I had a burger called something with "hell's kitchen", it tasted great but was extremely hot/spicy, I had to take out the jalapenos
5	Great burger!The farm burger was cooked perfectly.Very happy with the burger. Service was very nice too!
3	Slap a famous man's name behind a business and they all come running. Put it in Vegas and it's destined to be a goldmine. To me, burger's scream 'comfort food' and as such they should be filling, packed with flavour and have a very amazing bun to compliment the meat and fixings. I went here last year in hopes that the hype would resonate through the food. Al I have to say is - "ya, it was good". What I wanted to say was "this was the most amazing burger I've ever eaten" so I'm a bit disappointed. I was also expecting a great experience to compliment the eats but that fell short. I expected a bit of a wait since this restaurant was in Vegas and it was prime time for dinner rush. The decor and ambience of the place was cool and the service was great. The drinks were great and the prices were manageable. But the burgers were alright. I was expecting a flavour experience and really all I got was a burger that was as comparable to a local burger bar in Edmonton called Delux. Would I go back? Probably not. I will opt for other dining experiences that focus on different cuisine.
1	Food flavors were great service was terrible the waitress Spilled water on us never came to clean it up we had to send a burger back twice because it wasn't cooked to our specifications and they forgot a burger
3	Tried their 'signature hot dog' or dawg, with the fresh roasted chili, but honestly, the bun actually tasted better.  Quite good actually, some real freshness to it. Almost a crispy texture and a soft bite into it.The avocado was a nice touch.  One of the true good values, few if any, in Vegas lol. Will order again.  And their burger too possibly, too  many scary reviews here for that.  I knew I should've ordered one at Holstein's instead.
3	For some reason pay $100 for steak feels better than paying $21 for burger.  It's expensive and doesn't include fries.  It's not as good as I had expected but damn, it's good!
2	How disappointing. Not in the food necessarily- but in the experience. I left feeling bitter and a bit angry. The customer service had been terrible from the onset, with the worst being at the end. We're standing in line and as we make it to the front we find ourselves being completely ignored because the hostesses have decided to compare nails and chat. Then after we get seated, the guy coming over to explain the drinks and get is situated was very friendly and we felt better and looked forward to our burgers. But then it turns out we had a different waitress who didn't greet us or say much of anything really. So we order our food- I got the Hell's Kitchen- which admittedly tasted very very good. I hate to admit I ordered mine as medium-well ( I know, I know- stop cringing) and it came out a bit bloody. I didn't complain or ask to cook it more because we has already waited a half hour just to get it. So I ate it and it was very yummy, along with the sweet potato fries. So things were going ok- the waitress was nice enough to let us split our check- so we calculated our meals and have her our cards, only for her to come back with our copies to sign, telling us we still have to pay $6 for the tax. Seriously? She couldn't do that? So fine, we added in extra and that was that. Then the woman who came to fill our waters literally knocked my water glass across the table- shattering in between my friend and I. No I'm sorry, no urgency- we were left trying to move so we didn't get soaked and picked up bits of glass, only for her to come back and lay some extra napkins on our table and leave. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? So we're left there trying to pick up all the bits of glass without getting cut. I didn't realize until a bit later that there was a huge shard right behind me- so I picked up and stuck it on the napkin on the table. And the waitress comes back, only to grab the napkin with the glass in it and walk away. No apologies, no checking to see if we're okay. Nothing!!! I couldn't believe it! What kind of crazy service is that? I never complain and I wS actually tempted to, but figured I'd just write a review instead. So yeah. Food is good, but not worth having to deal with the people working there. Go to Earls Sandwich instead!
5	Since I watch Hell's Kitchen I decided to try this restaurant.  We went on a Wednesday around 1130am and did not have to wait at all for a table.  The atmosphere was nice but since it is located inside of a Casino it was a little loud.The food was great!  We had the Farm Burger, Hell's Kitchen Burger, Just Fries, and Shake #4 (creme brulee pudding and oreo shake).  I am personally not a fan of creme brulee or oreos but our server highly recommended it so I gave it a try...surprisingly AMAZING!  The shake was definitely sweet and I probably would not be able to drink the whole thing myself, but it was perfect to share.The customer service from our server, Ian, was great!!  However, the hostesses at the front were not that friendly at all.  If there was an option I would give this restaurant a rating of 4.5
5	This place is my newest addiction! I can't wait to go to Vegas to come back here!! The service was great and the food was amazing!!! Burgers are cooked perfectly.
4	GReat burgers at GReat prices. Stays open till late. The best part is the eclectic choice of gourmet burgers that live up to the hype around celebrity chef, Gordon Ramsay ( I do not suppose he is behind the kitchen screaming choicest words at his sous chefs!). Been there twice- and just for the juicy patties, the soft sesame buns and fresh ingredients that make the Vegas experience from bla to good. The southwest burger is really really good (I prefer chicken).  My rant that keeps it away from 5 stars- The servers are very snooty somehow! The staff looks overburdened from serving all the weary Vegas crowd. Part of the reason why they first handed out an Ipad for looking through the menu- to minimise human contact. It takes a long time for them to serve you but the wait is well- worth it. I'd go again- for the BurGRs.
4	Overall my experience at BurGR was alright. Sabrina our waitress was AWESOME! She's the main reason I'm writing this review. We had a table of 8 and she handled it like a proFood: 4/5- I got the Hell's Kitchen Burger which was really good. If you like spicy, this is for you. Other burgers ordered at my table were the bleu burger, farm burger, American burger, Britannia burger and the yardbird burger. Along with the burgers, we all ordered either the truffle or the plain fries. The aioli that comes with the truffle fries are amazing! But there were so many that I don't think anyone finished their fries. Service:Hostesses: 2/5- we were able to put our names down on the list and they texted us when our table was ready. But our original group was 6 and grew to 8. When I went to ask the hostess if it would be possible to change our number, she looked at me like I was crazy and then told me she would have to add between 15-30 mins on top of what we were already quoted to wait, making our total wait time a little under an hour. I totally understood until the group of 6 of us got seated and there was plenty of space to add another small table if not the empty table for two that was already there next to us. Luckily our friends still showed up and were able to be seated with us since the other waiters found an extra table and chair. Waiter/waitresses: 7/5- yeah I know my math doesn't make sense but all of the wait staff was amazing. Our main waitress (Sabrina) took our orders and even asked which people were together when we asked if it would be possible to split our checks. There was a gratuity already on the bill but she deserved waaaayyyy more than what was on there. She constantly came by to check on us and refill our waters since we were thirsty and dehydrated from the weather.
5	I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars just for the oreo creme brulee shake and serviceBurger was good, but not amazingChicken wings were juicy and the sauce was delicious but I couldn't taste anything else afterwardsTruffle fries, good but had betterAsian salad with soba noodles - don't order. noodles were super overcookedService was great and seemed like everything was running smoothly.We enjoyed our meal here and will be back for the oreo shake!
5	The name Gordon Ramsey is synonymous with delicious Gourmet... And his Burgr restaurant is beyond any star rating I can give .. if you come here you will set a standard that may never be reached .. A hamburger is no longer a hamburger but now forever will be known to me as Burgr.
4	Good service, great presentation of meals and taste burgrs thanks for having lagunitas on tap. Just need fresher avacado but it is understandable with how much is on the shells kitchen burger. My wife loves burgers and loved hers. Also the jalapenos where really spicy and good. Recommended everything here and the jalapenos poppers amazingly good.
5	Great experience last night at Burgr. We were thoroughly impressed with the food and service. Our waiter, Ryan, did a fantastic job even though he was getting hammered with tables. We had an American burger which was awesome. The 28 day aged burger was the BEST I had ever had. It was cooked perfectly. We had the truffle fries which were amazing as well. We split Shake #4 and it was absolutely fantastic. We were thoroughly impressed with the entire visit and will be back in the future.
2	I don't know why people eat here. Really, why?We waited for an hour and a half. With a wait like that, I expected the best damn burger in the existence of man-kind.Service was sub-par. The hostesses are the worst. They have no idea what's going on and ignore you half the time.Fries don't come with your burgers, FYI. I wasn't super shocked by this, but was shocked by the price. 8 dollars or more for some fries. They say they feed a group of people. I was with three large, hungry men. Definitely not feeding us all.I ordered the Brittania burger and an oreo shake. The mango chutney was good but there was hardly any of it. It was a tiny burger, too. I wasn't too upset about it because the shake was so giant. The shake was... interesting. The creme brulee pudding mostly just tastes like sweet egg pudding. I get that creme brulee is mostly eggs, but it isn't supposed to taste like it.The burger overall was sub-par AT BEST. I was expecting great meat. The meat was ok, I guess. I wasn't wowed with how tender or innovative the place is.At the end of the night, I was angry. I waited an HOUR AND A HALF to pay $36 for a sub-par meal. Not to mention the food made me sick, literally. I left ill. I went back to my hotel and laid on my bed in the fetal position because I was so sick.I wouldn't go back unless there was no wait and someone with me (like the people I was with) insisted that it's going to be amazing because it's Gordon Ramsey.
4	Never have I had a meal at a burger joint that was so well thought out, presented, executed and reasonably priced. The food was so above expectations that the dishes I had rivaled those of established and well known burger joints. The dishes were simple and comforting, well known and commonplace among the typical foods one finds at a burger joint but each had a twist and an added element that intrigued me. I didn't actually have a burger (it was a hot dog) but nevertheless every component of that meal was memorable. The quality of the meat and snap to the "dawg" delighted one texture. The creaminess of the avocado added another. The toppings were fresh. The fluffy on the inside and lightly crispy on the outside bun enveloped all that goodness.The jalapeno poppers were crunchy on the outside and the cheese was gooey on the inside. It was lightly spicy and the cheesy dipping sauce they were on top of was also a little spicy. The truffle fries were also well made and I crave them often. Nicely sized, fluffy on the inside and salty from the Parmesan. The hint of truffle oil came through nicely as well. For a weekday and party of two, we didn't wait long. The prices were fair and the food is one of the best you can find on the Strip for the prices especially because it's so well made and tasty.
4	I had the duck bacon burgr and it was the best I've ever had anywhere in the USA.  The burgr are fantastic.
5	Tastiest burgers on the strip! Clearly GR knows what he is doing when designing a menu, but this surpasses any other burger I've had. Great and attentive staff, quick service and all the quality. Started with the parm fries with fresh made ketchup- so flavorful!  I had the mushroom burger.  Great taste, cooked perfectly. Try the margaritas. .. so refreshing and delicious!****check in at hostess stand to be added to wait list and get a text alert when your table is ready!*****
5	This place was packed and we had to wait for over an hour to be seated.  It was well worth the wait.  I had the best burger I've ever eaten in my life.  It had duck bacon on it for God's sake!  I highly recommend this place.  Go here and have a burger, you will be glad you did.
3	Really nice place, if you're looking for innovative, high-techi vibe. I'm a big fan of gr, but I gotta say, the burger wasn't amazing as expected,  similar to the one at the Blt at the mirage. All in all, long wait, nice atmosphere, ok food.
4	Hell's Kitchen burger, part deux, and I was once again, not disappointed.  This time I ordered it medium well again, but this time it came out perfect.  I just freaking love this burger.  Roasted tomato, asadero cheese, avocado, delicious.The truffle fries this time around we sub par.  Soggy fries are not my friend.  These are thick cut fries, so it's easy to see how they can end up being soggy, but this place should know how to do fries at the very least.  The shakes here are interesting.  They are ginormous, so definitely think about sharing them.  They are also super sweet.  I know what you are thinking.  Me, the dessert whore that I am, thinking something is too sweet.  Well, take my word for it.  If you're not into super sweet desserts, you might want to pass on the shake.  The shake is milkshake on the bottom, pudding on the top, topped with whipped cream and garnished with a cookie.  I was 1/4 into it and had to stop.  It was just too much.Our server was fantastic.  Super efficient, really friendly, but not over the top.  We were seated at the same time as another group of friends, and we were done a good 15 minutes before them.  No, we didn't eat any faster, we just had better service.  Don't forget your Total Rewards card. You get $1 off each menu item just for being a member.  Not bad.
5	If you're a hot dog lover, get your hot dog lovin' butt over to BurGR for one of the best all beef hot dogs you'll ever have.My mom and I both ordered the fresh roasted chili dawg--sans cheese. This was seriously a FLAVOR EXPLOSION. The hot dog had a genuine, juicy beef flavor and was slathered in tasty chipotle ketchup. I devoured this massively long hot dog at a record speed. Even the bun--the sweet, crisp bun--was a standout in comparison to hot dogs I've eaten in the past. With a tall beer and no sides, eating the whole dog left me satisfied. There was only one small trouble. Right before my mom took the last bite of her hot dog, she discovered a hair amidst all the juicy hotdog madness. She instantly felt grossed out by her meal, of course. The manager came to the table and removed the cost of her hot dog from our bill. She was so gracious about the whole thing that it didn't put a damper on our delicious lunch.Gordon Ramsey clearly dreamed up a unique vision of the classic chili dog and hot dogs will never be the same again now that BurGR raised my standards :(Awesome lunch spot in Vegas!
5	I like to consider myself a burger connoisseur of sorts since a good burger is really hard to find these days. But I can honestly say that the burger I had at BurGR was one of the best I've EVER had (tied with Burgers in Paradise in Maui)!! I had a quick dinner at BurGR with a friend who is a vegetarian; I had the Blue Burger and she had the Earth Burger. We also shared an order of the Truffle Parmesan Fries. We both couldn't stop saying how delicious our food was! I'm going back to Vegas in a couple weeks with my husband and I can't wait to take him there. The line was quite long and we waited about an hour for a table but I would say it's worth the wait!
5	Still pretty awesome.  We started with the pork buns.  The pork was delicious and had a very good mouth feel.  The chicken sliders were tasty (but Chick-fil-A is better).I've tried the Euro Burger, the Chanterelle Burger, The Hog (pork) Burger, and also the Fish Sandwich.  ALL were very tasty.  You have to get the Truffle Fries.  Yum.  But you can skip the Sweet Potato fries.  They put powdered sugar on the fries which make them taste weird.I also got the #1 shake which has the caramel pudding on top.  OMG, it was so good!  It sufficed for dessert.  The little cookie garnish was delicious!
4	We ate dinner here with my parents, who have dined here before. Hubby and I both had the Hell's Kitchen burger with asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado and oven roasted tomato and we shared a Innis & Gunn.  Our family shared sides of the beer battered maui onion rings with dips - parmigiano-reggiano, chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch dip, sweet potato fries with vanilla powdered sugar and honey jalapeno mayo and the hand cut fries with chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup.  Our burgers were perfectly medium-well and flavorful, the sides were crispy and it was hard to choose a favorite dip - they were all good. Our daughter had one of their yummy pudding shakes - coconut pudding + strawberry shake + chocolate cookie. That evening we even saw Christine from Hell's Kitchen season 10 working behind the counter.
5	BEST BURGER EVER! i had the hells kitchen burger and me and my friend shared the truffle tries. it was amazing. so juicy and delicious....  go, run!
5	Me: Bites into the burgerMe: 0.0Me: (does best impersonation of Gordon Ramsay) this burger is #$(@* AMAZING!So how does BurGR stack up against other popular burger joints in Vegas? Here is my definitive list:1) BurGR2) Bachi3) Holstein.....100000) Burger BarFirst off, the decor here is awesome. Who doesn't love live flames everywhere, especially in the middle of PH. It's pretty much, Hell's Kitchen. ;). Onto the food! The Euro burger was a hogwash blend of aromatic truffle aioli and goat cheese. Every bite was packed with savory flavors. Additionally, the truffle fries here are darn amazing. Thick cut and fried into crispy golden slices of heaven. My gf and I agreed that the Euro burger was one of the best burgers we've ever had!Overall, my only complaints were the snotty server and long wait time to be seated and fed (45 minutes). She was not very friendly and she gave us attitude when we tried to use our total rewards card... However, even questionable service still doesn't compare to the impeccable food. Furthermore, the long wait only made us savor the food more. If this is the kitchen in Hell... and Gordon Ramsay is the lord of the underworld... I'm fine with trading my soul for this burger. XD.
3	Not impressed - seems more like a tourist attraction rather then a restaurant.Food was so so. My burger was medium well, but it was way to dry and way too much meat in proportion to everything else. Not a good balance.if you want to experience Gordon Ramsey food and great atmosphere go to his Pub and Grille at Caesars Palace or Steak at Paris.
3	I am a big fan of Gordon Ramsay. I've watched his shows (Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares UK and USA, Masterchef) and been intrigued as to which of his Vegas restos (he got 3 here) should I try first. BurGR seemed to be the best choice to start (and the cheapest).  The 30 min wait was expected. Bleh...Food: I got the $14 Farm Burger (duck breast bacon, English sharp cheddar cheese and a fried egg), $7 Just Fries with curry and chipotle ketchup, and the $8 Shake #5 (chocolate hazelnut pudding with coffee shake and a praline cookie).First off, let's talk about the burger. The burger was good with the oozing, decadent egg yolk and the crispy bacon which added a nice crunch component. I honestly though wasn't blown away by it and I would probably would want to try the other burgers on the menu if i came back here again.Secondly, the shake was rich and sweet. I thought the coffee shake tasted like a butterscotch candy in liquid form and the pudding was pretty thick. The one thing I would change would be the ratio. I noticed the glass that they put 1/2 the amount of pudding and 1/2 of the shake. When I finished the shake portion on the bottom, all I was left with was the pudding. Being that it was soooo rich, I wasn't able to finish that. So next time, I would ask for 95% shake and 5% pudding. FYI, i overhead a lady next to me telling the waiter she didn't like her shake bc it was too sweet. Lastly, the fries. I didn't care much for the fries. The curry and chipotle ketchups were ok tasting. The one thing that I was disappointed in was that the fries were not crispy AT ALL. When the bacon in your burger is crispy and your fries are not, it really downgrades the experience. I would probably try the sweet potato fries next time.Ambience: Though i wasn't really impressed with the food, this was probably one of the nicest restos i've ever seen! The room had a lot of tables with some tvs and really nice decor (flames and fire inspired). Staff: The staff was very well-dressed and professional. Our server (I think his name was Ryan) was great and he was very cordial and knowledgable about menu. The ladies are dressed in very well-fitted (like Star Trek fitted) dresses and the men are in polos with jeans that I observed had "GR" on the back pockets. "I have a very assertive way. Its wake up, move your ass, or piss off home." - Gordon Ramsay
4	Truffle Fries for the Win.   Do you know what it feels like to hit a jackpot in Vegas?  Try them and you will know.  Burgers are great as well.  Burgers will feel like you won a hand and the fries will feel like you hit a jackpot.
4	I've watched your show many times (Hell's kitchen and nightmare kitchen ) so I decided to try out your recipe. Had that Britannia burger? Awesome, that was a . I liked they way they cooked and very presentable ... To me that was A plus.The ambience is very cool and nice. Very clean environment , nice utensils, beautiful waitresses and waiters an A Plus too. But only the tables are small,what if you order more than one dish? Where are they gonna put the rest of the foods? It's just like tables are only for the petite /small peeps
5	I'm a Gordon Ramsay fanboy so his BurGR (Planet Hollywood) and Steak (The Paris) restaurants were at the top of my list. While the latter didn't pan out (asking people to drop $100+ each on a meal isn't easy), the former did. We stopped in on a Friday night and the place was rammed. We saw a huge line up but weren't sure what to make of it. The lovely hostess informed me there would be an hour and a half wait. I haven't heard those words in a long time in terms of getting a seat at a restaurant and initially balked. However, they offered a texting service for when your table was ready. EVERY RESTAURANT NEEDS TO DO THIS! I don't want a buzzer that had a range of 10 feet. Send me a text. My face is buried in my phone anyway. The three of us hit another bar for drinks, my phone went off an hour later and we were set. No excess waiting around.Roasted Jalapeno Poppers - $12I wasn't sure what to make of $12 Jalapeno Poppers. You typically have this idea in your mind of a slice of Jalapeno, dumped in low grade Cream Cheese and fried in some generic batter. These were anything but that. First of all, each of these Poppers was a BEAST! It's not just what's atop the Cheddar Ranch dipping sauce. They're submerged in the shot glasses. The Jalapenos were covered in Bacon and Cheddar Cheese, battered, coated and fried. Every bite had a great crunch before bursting with the Pepper/Cheese/Bacon combination. These have ruined me from all other Jalapeno Poppers.Hell's Kitchen Burger - $14It's essentially their Spicy Burger, though the elements seemed strange. With the exception of roasted Jalapenos, there wasn't anything "spicy" about it. I'm surprised there wasn't anything like Horseradish Sauce or a spiced Mayo thrown into the mix. The Peppers were even cooled by Avocado. Props for using Asadero Cheese. Usually you'd find that in Quesadillas or Burritos down south. If anything I'd call this a Mexican Burger before "Hell's Kitchen." While the toppings were fine, the patty was spot on. The burgers are grilled a lightly seasoned, perfect Medium Rare. The bun was well toasted (maybe a hair too much) and brought it all together. Just Fries - $8I believe "UGH" applies here. For a place with such exceptional food, it's shocking how piss poor these Fries were. The temperature was lukewarm at best. There was no sense of crispness. The potatoes themselves were limp. The only saving grace was the Curry & Chipotle Ketchup respectively. A little research from other reviews shared my sentiment so it's not like we just got a bad batch. Gordon Ramsay BurGR simply sells AWFUL Fries. I think it's made all the worse knowing these terrible Fries are $8. Do NOT order these.Farm Burger - $15I used to be adamantly against Yolk. I still won't eat a runny Egg with my breakfast. However, I've come to appreciate the elevation it brings to other dishes. Case in point, the Farm Burger. I mulled it over for days after eating this, but right now I'd call this the best Burger I've ever eaten. Everything just came together so well. The patty was spot on. The Duck Breast Bacon (I didn't even know that was a thing) was flavourful and crispy. You really got a strong sense of Bacon in every bite. The English Sharp Cheddar was nice though it didn't bring that knockout punch I expect from sharp Cheddar. The Egg was the key though. My God why haven't I been eating Eggs on every Burger since the beginning of my life? The whites were firm and the Yolk was just consistent enough that it didn't explode all over the place. I was over the moon with this Burger and it likely showed on my face. I gave serious consideration to ordering another one but was too blown up. A sharper sense of Cheddar and this would have been perfect as opposed to you know... my favourite.If you're looking for a damn good Burger, then Gordon Ramsay BurGR is your spot. Fries aside (again DON'T ORDER THEM!) everything else lived up to the standard I was expecting.
4	the best thing that ever graced my tongue was the sticky toffee push pops they were so good i had to order 2 ordersthe farm burger was pretty good (that duck bacon was my selling point) and the parmesean truffle fries were really really good. id come back just 4 the toffee push pops w/ its peanut buttery ice cream goodness
5	The food & service was terrific! Chef Ramsey has set the bar for every burger joint. I love how at the end of the meal you can rate everything with an iphone that they give you with your bill. By far the best burger spot!!!
5	One of the best burgers I've ever eaten. Tried the Hell's Kitchen burger & euro burger, truffle fries & reg fries all were just delicious. We had eaten at Hoisteins for burgers & these was probably even better for a little less $$$&. Def will eat here again when in Vegas
5	Ok, so I must begin by saying that I am a huge GR fan! BurGR did NOT disappoint. I had the Hell's Kitchen burger and my husband had the Blue Burger. We shared an order of truffled parmesan fries. Everything was AMAZING! The service was great. The food prompt and perfectly cooked. I would eat here regularly if I lived near! Well done!!!
3	This is generally a very good burger/bar food joint on the strip. The food tastes great and the atmosphere is fun, but service is very slow and the prices are fairly high. The jalapeno poppers looked incredible though.
3	The wait for this restaurant can be very LONG. Luckily, the wait time is much shorter if you have only 2 people in your party. My friend and I waited about 30 minutes for dinner on a Sunday night. We got seated in the corner next to the servers computer/water station. It was a very inconvenient seat, because the servers are constantly crowding near you. It felt intrusive almost. Ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger with the truffle fries. The fries are thick steak fries. I thought the flavors were nice and the side of ketchup was good. The burger was juicy and the burger was overall flavorful and good. One big complaint was our server- Ginger. She was really kind in the beginning, but after she took our order, she NEVER came back. We had to ask other servers for our requests- water/napkins/etc..
5	I've been here twice and it's been a great experience both times. The line can get kinda long so i would recommend just sitting at the self-seating bar and you don't have to wait in line if there is an open seat!I got the Euro Burger and Truffle fries which was both really good, The truffle aioli is great!I also tried the Hell's Kitchen Burger which is probably my favorite burger so far but just be careful because it packs some heat and can be spicy to some.
5	There r "burger places" popping up all over.  Most, r low yield. GRB is THE BEST by a wide margin.  The burger with duck bacon is incredible.  The shakes r awesome too.  The only down note is that the chairs seem too low for the table, so we usually eat at the bar.  Enjoy!!
5	I loved this place! It is absolutely unique from the crazy flame display in front to the varied menu.  It was one of thee hardest decisions of my life deciding what to get because everything sounded so good.I went with the farm burger and it's basically like a breakfast burger, but the duck bacon has this delicious smoky flavor and the sharp cheddar cheese was a perfect pairing.  The BEST Onion Rings I've ever had, beer battered, huge, and had a great presentation.  I couldn't wait to try the shake when I heard it was half pudding and we got the highly recommended chocolate hazlenut, I had already premeditated ordering that as soon as the waitress asked for our drinks you can believe it didn't last long. My friend tried the hot dog and that was next level! You've probably seen the pictures, but the meat is very high quality - not your typical lips and asses. I can't wait to  revisit  Burgr and explore the rest of the menu in depth.  I was really debating getting the Truffle fries or the fish and chips, but didn't want to get too bogged down before a wild night on Vegas.Service was on point, the only problem was lack of stomach space so I could try everything!
5	Delicious!!! Must try Hell Kitchen Burger and fries!Gregg is the best server! Really great customer service!!!
3	I was excited to try out Gordon Ramsay restaurant but it was a disappointment. I wasn't impress with the burgers and they got the meats cooked wrong. The only good thing was the beer.
5	Being a local and trying to find a restaurant that is worth the money is very hard. I can say that I had a very high expectation of this place because of the name Gordon Ransay. It fulfilled every expectation I had and I will recommend this place to anyone who wants a fantastic burger experience.We arrived and waited in line for about 15 minutes, which is not bad all for what is was and located. We took our 2 year old and they were accommodating and had our table ready with high chair and all. Our waitress was very friendly and even tried winning over our son with 2 Oreo cookies, which was very nice of her.We looked over the bar menu and they have several beer on tap and in bottles, but come on try one on tap because they are different. My husband ordered the Innis and Gunn beer because that is the one Chef Ramsay drinks all the time and is his favorite. I don't like beer but let me tell you, this beer was AMAZING!!!!!!!!! We ordered 2 Southern Yardbird Burgers. It's comes with a chicken burger, sharp cheddar, mustard bbq sauce, pickles (bread & butter), and butter lettuce. We also added the Just Fries that came with chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup. The chicken burger were so big and thick that I couldn't even finish mine and I was full half way through it. The taste of it was so amazing that I would order this every time I go back. Such an AMAZING burger.I highly recommend this place to everyone in my family and to all my friends. So everyone that comes to Vegas and want a reasonable priced meal at a famous chefs restaurant, I recommend Gordon Ramsay's BurGR.
4	3.5 starsWent on a Tuesday, arrived at 11 am (opening) about 20 people in line but all we're seated quickly so no complaints on the wait.I ordered the American burger and Just fries (regular potato fries with chilli ketchup and curry ketchup).  It was too much food for one girl but I knew that going in, I just had to try them both.  The fries would be a good size for two Canadian girls to share.The burger was 3*'s all the way.  My biggest disappointment, the bun.  Looked great but tasted just ok, further to that the texture was almost stale and chewy.  It had been grilled (heated) at some point but not recent to arriving to me.  The beef was tasty and well cooked.  There were 4 pickles and 2 tomato chunks teetering on top of the burger which made it difficult to close but even more difficult to get a bite of burger with pickle and tomato on it.  I know a lot of places do that but I still don't like it... Spread the love.... Don't stack.  Oh, and too many red onions for my liking.... A whole thick slice.The fries were 4*'s, large chunks of English style fries cooked golden brown, yes I agree with previous reviews - the ones at the bottom of the serving container get a tad soggy (but they're still delicious!).The curry ketchup won best overall and biggest surprise at 5*'s.  It paired perfectly with the fries and was extremely addicting.  It's worth adding I did not think I would like curry ketchup, at all.  Dining alone I ate at the bar, service was pretty lame at first until some loser decided to stand behind me waiting for my seat and for me to finish my wine at which point the bar tender made it clear to me that I was to relax and enjoy myself and told the DB to wait somewhere else.I wasn't wowed but the overall experience, especially since it's called BURGR (and that was the biggest fail) but there are some good qualities.  I probably wouldn't go there again unless I tried the other burger places on the strip and they were worse.
4	I'll start by saying the food was absolutely wonderful. Would have earned a perfect rating if not for the a few little set backs. Ok I get it, I went Saturday night it was busy. However that is not an excuse to be rude. We all have long days at work etc etc. When the nice little host was approached to ask a question not only does she rudely reply "get in line" with a why are you bothering me attitude, but also there is a sign saying see host before standing in line... Also she did not make eye contact when talking to me. Both of the hosts sat there and talked to each other no "sorry for the wait" "you will be seated shortly" nothing! Next they literally fit as many tables into the smallest space ever. I felt like I was packed in like a sardine the party next to us was elbow length away, granted I did go on a busy night but still. Besides that the food was spectacular my burger was great. Overall good food for a good price.
1	Absolutely horrible service! This is one of the worst places I have ever been. The hostesses were so rude and even the manager walked around with like an arrogant, unhelpful jerk. The waiters were great, but otherwise everything else was awful. The food was just alright, nothing to write home about and definitely not worth the price. I will never return and neither will the entire group I was with.
5	Absolutely the best burger I have ever had. If you like it a little spicy try the Hell's Kitchen sandwich.
5	We had a great lunch! Megan was our server, she was very helpful and attentive! She also gave us information about the chef and Gordon Ramsay. The food is awesome and the truffle fries with the dip! Yummmm. I ordered the euro burger and it was bomb! Restaurant was very clean. The wait wasn't that bad. I would definitely recommend and come back next time I'm around the area!
5	awesome place my wife and I loved the food and the customer service.. we will eat here when he come back to los Vegas.. burger are  awesome an their fires and onions rings
1	Saw all the positive reviews and felt that we had to pay this place a visit. The place looks nice and created high expectations. First negative was the wait time...on a Monday! We ordered the European, a Hell's Kitchen, fries and a no.5 shake. The shake was absolutely delicious! Then came the rest of our order. The fries were salty...I mean SALTY! Too much and we only ate a few. The burgers were ok, not as special as we had expected. If this would have been it then I would probably have ended this review with 3 stars. Two hours later though the wifey had to throw up to get the burger out of her system after having been noxious for some time. Not a good experience at Ramsay's.
4	THE best burger I have EVER had!!! Without a doubt! My sister and I shared the Farm Burger and added avocado. Perfect to share since we also ordered the delicious Honey Bao Buns, Truffle Parmesan Fries, and Onion Rings! ALL worth it! The patty was cooked perfectly, my only complaint is that the egg was cooked well done and I asked for it over medium (-.5 star). The wait is a bit long for large parties, but I can see why! If u are a party of 2, you can wait in line to be seated which seemed to go by fast. They don't do take out which kinda sucks (-.5 star). All in all this place is definitely worth waiting and trying. The Master Chef knows his burgers and shows it at this restaurant!
4	Vegas ... ah Vegas. You are indeed a land of hyper sensitive seduction and debilitating travesty all wrapped up in a bedazzled jockstrap. This is a story of conspiracy, longing, of askance glances, rushed introductions, missed opportunities, and figgy-onion jam. That damn jam.It began in Planet Hollywood, where after a 6-hour drive from Cali, I'm exhausted, sunburned, and starving. Then BURGR's beatific signage loomed before me at that wondrous moment. I swear I hear angels chorusing (amongst BURGR's blazing ring of hellfire decor) Why, yes, I do want a hearty, meaty, juicy meal. Why yes, I want this meal done good. Why yes, a Gordon Ramsey establishment satisfies that level of cooking skills of awesome nommy-ness that my belly needs. But that serendipitous moment did not transcend. Nay. I was denied by the majority (broke people). And then thus ushered to the nearby buffet, where I consoled myself in steamed mussels in what is called Le booby prize. Resentment brewed in my gut as well as indigestion. Why do we always succumb to this buffet tradition? Why do we fear this volatile, plate throwing, angry chef man? But my tirade was abruptly aborted, when I went into what as known as a food stupor. This is not exactly aligned with the condition known as food coma. Food coma usually attacks as you are awake or attempting a movement like sitting. Food stupor made me forget what I was going to say and just mindlessly gnawed on a chicken bone.Later, at 3am I was stirred out of bed with the screech of alarms and a rush of water flooding the hallway of our 32nd floor. Realizing this was not the steamed mussels talking, I got up. Someone tampered with the sprinklers. Our hallway turned into a moat in 20 minutes. That was just as long as it took to get security up there, banging on our doors to shoo us down to the lobby. So somewhere between being denied a dine-in at BURGR and a faulty sprinkler, I'm trekking my ass through a swamp of dirty carpet, and left to camp out in PH's lobby in my pajamas. Bad tan, indigestion, insomnia and all.At 530am, I've been awake for 20 straight hours. I'm suffering through the sensations of grumbling steamed mussels, whiny drunks, and gnarly-looking divas, and as if to mock me for a lifetime of bad decisions: BURGR's signage is still looming over the lobby. Will it never end? So I was wrong to deny you! Cut me some slack! But nothing. Vegas why you wrong me so?! Can I blow $100 on some black jack and we call it a truce? When we finally were relocated to a suite after the moat disaster, we were granted something I would've never foretold in this whole debacle: A $150 voucher to BURGR. Oh yeah. So I told myself, I can just sleep 3 hours and head out into the 108 degree heat. I can hang until BURGR opens and line up for 2 hours. Two hours, dude, with two kids. The wait had better be worth it. I speak of askance glances because the man who sat us at the table was too good looking for his own good. Was he a long lost Gosling or something? Rushed intros because after waiting for 2 hours, we didn't even hear our server speaking over our drooling and gnashing of teeth. Missed opportunities because I went with the chanterelle burger and its confusing onion figgy jam. The patty was juicy, cooked just right. But I have to admit it: the meat was barely warm edging to cold. I think the figgy-onion jam had something to do with that, because that jam was cold too in a way that it was previously chilled and turning warm after absorbing the meat's heat. The chanterelle mushrooms on top of this jam, I couldn't distinguish their flavour. It was overall sweet with some wisp of umami taste.  But the sweet flavour still had a bland taste. I really wanted some salt. None of the flavours sang to me. The angels had been silenced. Thus, my regret. I've always been a cheeseburger girl, I dunno what I was thinking. But I put on my best happy face, as I didn't want to be That Chick at the table, pissing on everyone else's fun cuz my burger was kinda sweet and cold (sounds like something an ex would call me).Missed opportunity, my friends. I had longed for a chance to dine at a place like this. While everyone else seemed to fall madly in love their burgers, I was silently underwhelmed. The truffle fries are good, sweet potato fries dare I say better. It would've been a perfect meal if I had just gotten the right burger for me. I would pass on that jam next time. Get the one with the cheese and the egg, and top it off with a shake. If you can't do it for yourself, do it for me.
3	Burgers were great, but on the small side. Great flavors and juicy. The problem we had was that our fries came out cold and the dip they came with was just plain odd. LOL Chipotle and ketchup don't really mix. I had the Hell's Kitchen burger and I enjoyed it. Our server was just OK. Didn't seem to be a people person which is weird if you are a server. I will be back because I really enjoyed my Burger and I love Gordon.
5	Best burger I've ever had... That's a bold statement!!!!! I ordered the Hells Kitchen burger.  My husband had the Farm burger. Both were equally amazing.  And we got the Parmesan Truffle fries. So so good.  Usually,  I put salt,  pepper, hot sauce on my food. ... Didn't need to add any of that to my burger.We went last Sunday around 6 pm. Waited 35 minutes. .. But whatever.... You got the miracle mile shops to pass the time. Worth the wait!!!! Our server was helpful, fun, and the fries and drinks come out quick. HIGHLY recommended to those that love good food.
5	This place is simply phenomenal! My girlfriend and I LOVED this place. Best burgers and fries ever! The staff was absolutely wonderful!! Highly recommend anyone try this place at least once.
4	Great food!  Snickerdoodle shake was fantastic!
5	This review is a few weeks late but...it's true! The most incredible burgers ever! And I'm not even a huge beef fan. I had the Farm Burger; it was EPIC. Also tried my friend's Hell's Kitchen Burger, a tad on the spicy side. Both were cooked to a medium rare perfection, just the right serving size, and the price isn't too much for the quality! Oh and you are going to want to try the Roasted Jalapeno Poppers. Delicious and awesome presentation.Only downside I can think of is the wait time. We waited a good 45-50 minutes for a table on a late Monday afternoon. But Miracle Mile is right there for the browsing and does a good job of working up your appetite! I totally think it was worth the wait and would gladly wait again. Definitely one of the highlights of my last Vegas trip, without a doubt, and can't wait to go back to try another fantastic burger. Good job as usual, Mr. Ramsay!
4	AMAZING burgers...ate here (3) times in one weekend while I had visitors in town.
3	I was looking forward to trying this place, to see how exactly Ramsay would elevate his burgers. What I found however was a mixed bag. The service was phenomenal. And the highlight of my visit. Our server was very knowledgable of the menu and eager to share recommendations and describe the dishes. He returned several times throughout the meal to check on us. The food, however, was not the over-the-top experience I expected and for the price, quite frankly, a disappointment. The bun was fluffy and tasty but my burger, which I ordered medium, was overdone and dry. I have been back to BurGR since but still feel its a pricey spot when other alternatives exist nearby.
2	Huge fan of Ramsey and I was so fascinated I was in his restaurant. However, got the farm burger and kept trying to convince myself it was special, but really, it was just a normal beefy patty with bacon and eggs. Compared to Umami burger, I was dissapointed. $15 for a burger I can make myself :p
5	Wonderful place. Love that you can check in and leave your number. They text you when ever your table is ready so you don't neeed to wait in front of the resturabt for hours. The beer I tried was the Innis and Gunn. Props to the waiter for suggesting it. It is an amazing beer from Scotland. I recommend that if you are a fan of tap beer.
2	Had the farm burger which was okay but nothing great. Burger had no flavor and the fries, which don't come with the burger, were stale. Setting is very Hell's Kitchen like and staff is attentive and provides great service. But for the price it's just not worth it. Save yourself some cash and go grab a burger at In N Out instead .
4	I'm definitely a fan of Gordon Ramsey- I had the Hell's Kitchen burger and it was delicious! But their fries and onion rings may need a revisit from Gordon Ramsey :( but overall it's a great experience.
4	Our first time here.was sketchy at first. Went on a Thursday evening. Hardly any wait time. Husband and I both ordered a burger, however we shared fries which was good because the portion was huge. The burgers were cooked exactly how we wanted it. They weren't pushy on up selling drinks and food which I liked. They don't have you put your name down for waiting, you stand in line which not sure I liked. It was a good atmosphere. Burgers are around 14-17 a piece which does not include fries. I would recommend this place to friends....
3	Cool restaurant in a great part of the strip.  The fire on the outside wall just sucked us right in.  Noisy, busy, crowded and didn't think much of the high-top dining.  Our server was wonderful, the burger was ok, the shake was really good, but the price, oh the price..  That was the most memorable part.  Let's just say that even for a cool new place on the strip I found the price to be a bit much for what we got.  As a local, would i go back?  Yes - as long as I wasn't picking up the bill.
5	You have not tasted an amazing burger until you have tried Gordon Ramsey. Absolutely nobody should compare this restaurant to bachi, because it is beyond amazing.My friend and I came here on a Wednesday afternoon and only waited for about 5-10 minutes, which was fine because it gave us time to peruse the menu and check out yelp for some tips.I decided to try the brittania. The mango chutney made me a little hesitant, but I decided to just go for it and I'm glad I did. The mango, arugula, and sharp cheddar worked in a beautiful medley with the beef. It has this amazing sweet and savory was amazing.My friend go the euro burger. She really loved it. I tried some of it, but it made me realize that I really don't like goat cheese. The truffle fries were pretty great. It was actually really big. I shared with my friend and we couldn't finish it with our burgers. The sauce it came with was amazing. The truffle aioli was something else. Y'all need to hit it up!I forsure can't wait to come here again and try the hog burger, if I'm not really tempted by the Brittania again. It was that good.
4	Very good burger. The milkshake was freaking amazing! Ramsay made a nice place. Staff is very professional and the atmosphere is trendy. Price is around $10 per burger and if you have a slot membership card you can get a buck off which is worth while to get since it is free and you can use it other places.
4	Don't queue or book on the phone, just give your name to the hostess at the front. They will text you when your table is ready!Food is great, meat delicious and well cocked. Service is great, tvs switched on sport (love it). The burgers were delicious but a bit small, but so good. You need to go there !!!
5	I may be biased because I'm obsessed with Gordon. I have loved all of his Vegas restaurants!
5	I would like to call myself a burger connoisseur since I can eat burgers every day of my life.  With that being said, this place has some awesome gourmet burgers!  Located in the Planet Hollywood Casino Resort, it is pretty loud.  The burgers come a la carte and aren't terribly huge like other burger restaurants.  But don't be fooled by the size.  Everything is perfect and the meat is ridiculous! I can't describe how tender and scrumptious the burger patty was.  You can order fries and onion rings separately.  They also have a wide array of beers and they bring you an iPad to look over their drink menu.  After your meal you can walk around all the different stores in the casino which is like a little mall.
4	Farm burger w/ the duck bacon and fried egg was really good. Got the #2 shake which was also pretty decent. Not a big fan of the fries, the chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup were kind of gross, really wanted something more "normal" tasting.Service was great, waitress checked up on us frequently, had a party of 6 people so the wait took 30-45min but we were able to expand it to fit another 2 friends when they dropped in.
2	Wow. You know, I like watching some of the shows with Gordon in them and so I thought that this would be a great experience. I actually planned ahead to eat here because I knew the wait would be long. Checked in with the hostess and went and checked out some stores in the indoor mall. The hostess was very nice and the server was very nice, and made a couple of suggestions. I had read many reviews before coming here and so of course my expectations were high. I had the farm burger, and my wife had the Hell's Kitchen burger. We usually order different things so that we could try each other's. We had a couple different types of fries. My two sons both had adult size burgers as well and I tried both of theirs. Well, it wasn't even slightly impressive. Boring, bland, and a whole lot of so what. Regardless of having high expectations this place was just not very good. Again, the service was great, the atmosphere fun, the food was not even close to just about any burger place I have ever been to. I'm not mad...just disappointed and surprised.
2	The Gordon Ramsay Burgr is a well thought out plan. A nice resturant located inside of a casino. The initial waiting time was about and hour and a half, which to our standards was a pretty long time. When we got to the front of the line, we were very excited, and even more so when we were seated. The servers were very nice, and the staff was full. We ordered burgers, obviously, I ordered mine medium well. When the food came, my burger was well done, maybe even a little charred. I was starving, but I didn't really care. The burger itself was delicious, and as usual, I like to put ketchup on it. The ketchup they provided was a odd concoction of chipotle, vinegar, and regular ketchup, watered down. I have many allergies, and after I ate the burger, I felt like I was allergic to the burger some how. Ambiance- Beautiful Staff- Awesome Waiting Time- HorribleFood- ModerateThank you.
5	The burgers are awsome the hells kitchen burger was great my wife had the chanterelle  mushroom burger it was incredible  my daughter  hot dog was like 15 inches long great atmosphere service great
5	"Another burger place to love inspired by yet another one of my favorite chefs!" I recommend the Hells Kitchen Burger, "Delicious!" You have to try the truffle fries as well! This restaurant is perfect for when you want to that fancy meets casual feel with out having to dress up. :-)
5	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! I'm from L.A. and I gotta say I've tried alot of really great burgers, but I think the farm burger from here is my favorite!!! Also, shake #4 which is an oreo shake is by far the best shake I've had! BurGR has become a necessary stop every time I go to Vegas. I was just in Vegas this past weekend and stopped at BurGR yesterday and it was even better than I remembered. The jalapeno poppers, farm burger, and oreo shake were all delicious AND the prices are extremely reasonable, especially for Vegas. Our server was awesome and very attentive. The wait was an hour and a half, but I have to say it was definitely worth it. My friends and I just played roulette in the Planet Hollywood Casino while we waited to be conveniently texted once our table was ready. THIS IS A MUST WHEN IN VEGAS!!!!!!!
5	Gordon Ramsay has 3 restaurants in Vegas and during my trip to Sin City, I was eager to try one of them. Definitely glad it was this one because GR sure knows what he's doing when it comes to burgers!!! My party of 5 came here on Friday for brunch. There wasn't a wait yet at 11AM but after we finished our meal, we saw a ~30-minute queue to be seated. While I'm glad I didn't have to wait in line...I wouldn't mind doing so for these bougie burgers. After browsing the menu, I settled on the Farm Burger w/ duck breast bacon & a fried egg. It seemed to be a popular option and the waiter even confirmed that it was his personal favorite so I didn't have any "buyer's remorse" about my choice. The burger itself was very rich and juicy. The hero of the meal was the runny egg, which was a really nice touch. I enjoyed my burger...however, my bf's Hog Burger was a burger of impossibly EPIC proportions!!! After first bite, I was sold. It was flavorful, savory, had that magical X-factor, and I definitely see why it got a special spot on the menu apart from the other selections. If it sounds like I have the biggest school girl crush on it, it's because I do. Aside from our main course, we also ordered a portion of truffle fries to share. The fries were a hit! Our waiter suggested we order 2 for 5 people and when the fries came out in a cone, I questioned our decision of ordering just 1... The portion size looked dinky for $10. However, it ended up being just right because we were all full from our burgers. Service here was also spectacular, which was not surprising because GR is known for running a tight ship. Ambiance is also relaxed so you don't need to be dressed to the nines. Overall.... I had a GRand time GRubbing here. You might even say it was the best burGR I've ever had ;).
5	The food was, without a doubt, cooked to perfection - as expected from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  Our table of 5 ordered 4 burgers, sides of fries, and a caesar salad.  The wait for the food was a bit long as the restaurant was packed.  However, our waitress, Hilary, made up for it by being extremely helpful and professional in making sure our first experience at Burgr would have a lasting impact.  I would highly recommend this joint to anyone craving for burgers, and if possible, request to have Hilary serve you.
5	Hands down, the best burger I've ever eaten.  I had the HK burger and my wife had the Brittania, and both of them were flat-out phenomenal.  "It's cooked beautifully" (in my best GR voice.  The servers are very attentive, the pricing isn't bad ($15 for this burger wasn't out of line, IMHO), and everything about the restaurant smacks of attention to detail.  Try the sweet potato fries.  Absolutely delicious.  This place is worth the wait.  You could also wait until after midnight, usually there's no line by then.
5	Food and service were great. Wife got the fish sandwich, and I got the Britannia Burger. They were both delicious.
5	By far the juiciest most flavorful burger I have ever had, better than my previous favorites BLT burgers and Holstien's Burger and Bun, which are fine burgers in their own right! Farm Burger is outstanding, Hell's Kitchen Burger also first rate! You can tell it's great food when it just gets better bite after bite! Great service we were pampered!
3	Euro burger is awesome and worth gettingMaui Onion rings are really good and worth gettingFarm burger is okay. With the egg and bacon it is a nice breakfast type burger but not the flavor we expected for dinnerTruffle Parmesan Fries are good but we did not care much for the truffle aioli. It was much better with the curry ketchup
4	Oh my! I've never considered myself much of a burger person, until now. This burger was perfection! A simple cheese with lettuce and it was spectacular. As were the fries and the environment. The only reason four the four star review is that our service was about as bad as it gets. Our server was really out of it. Tables with other servers sat after us and ordered before us. Others sat after us, ordered after us, and finished their meals before we were served. The issue appeared to be limited to our area/server. All of that said I would go back. No question. The standard of the food is on another level.
2	This place has received a lot of good reviews so maybe my experience was just a fluke. I came here for dinner on a Friday night to get a quick fuel up before an evening of Las Vegas festivities. There was a bit of a wait which is totally understandable on a Friday night. We were actually seated really quickly. The ambiance of this restaurant is really nice and it is very well decorated. Our waiter was prompt and attentive throughout our entire meal. The selection of craft beers was very good.I ordered jalapeno poppers for an appetizer and the uber cheese burger for dinner. The poppers were good. The outside was well fried and crisp. The dipping sauce they were served with was an excellent compliment. Unfortunately my meal went downhill after our appetizer. I ordered the uber cheese burger and when it came out it was clear it had been left to sit under a heat lamp or just on the counter as it was warm but certainly not hot or fresh off the grill. Additionally, the cheese on top of the burger was not even melted. I also ordered two different sides of fries the sweet potato fries and regular fries. Again, both were just warm certainly not freshly prepared. The dipping sauces for both were very good though.I have certainly had a better burger and eaten at better restaurants in Las Vegas for the same price. I will certainly not be coming back. I was very disappointed and I expected better out of this restaurant.
5	We're HK/Ramsay fans and have been itching to go to BurGR. We read about the crazy wait times but we went at a good point in the day and only had to entertain ourselves for about 30-40 minutes (in Vegas that isn't hard to do, c'mon people).I thought I wasn't going to eat much since I had just finished a late breakfast, but 3 glasses of their iced tea later I was starving, not to mention fangirling as Chef Christina, winner of Season 10 was there. I was bouncing around in my seat like an idiot. Anyway, I got the Hell's Kitchen Burger because I love peppers and avocado. Swallowed that sucker whole. The table ordered both parmesan-truffle and regular fries and they were delicious. We caught a glimpse of the behemoth that was their hot dog. Thing was HUGE.I bought a glass from the bar and my bf broke it three days later after it survived the trek home. Heartbroken, but it gives me an excuse to go back.
3	My second time here. We now have a different waiter who wouldn't let us split our shake even though there's pictures on here saying other customers can do that. I originally gave five stars but I can already tell I won't be enjoying this experience the way I did the first time. First experience the hostess said they would text or call you after waiting in line but didn't. I had to ask twice to get seated. But!!! Our waiter was extremely helpful and food was perfect!!! What a complete 360...
4	The food, service, and atmosphere were great and the prices were very reasonable for a restaurant right on the strip. It was not very original or mind blowingly awesome. I had the onion rings for an appetizer. They were sprinkled with Parmesan and came with ranch and spicy ketchup. Very tasty. For a main course I had the American burger. It had a sesame seed bun, red onions, butter lettuce, pickle, and cheddar cheese on a medium-well cooked patty.  Also very tasty. Over all it was really good, just not amazing.
5	Great service I ordered the parmergon fries and the hells kitchen burger and the banana milkshake the butterscotch pudding was divine it was excellent definitely will go there again
2	Gave it a second chance...over priced burgers lacking in debth, flavor and taste.  Good service, but you can pass on this mediocre burger bar, nothing special, except for the fire decor outside the restaurant.  Fish burger was greasy, no flavor and lacked total flavor, fries ok, how can you mess up fried potatoes. Other's ordered various mediocre burgers - meh..they said In and Out is better - wow...had the portobello burger last time, ok..nothing special...keep walking by...Do better Gordon, this place needs an overhaul or restaurant makeover by Robert Irvine!
3	Friday afternoon, took about 15-20 to get in which is fine.  Party of 2.  Once I was seated, I placed my drink and food order with the waitress in a timely order.  After that, she never came back.  We received the food from a different worker, never once was asked if the food was good or if we needed anything else.   The burgers were good no complaints.  1/3 of the fries were undercooked so you couldn't eat all of them.  In the end we had to ask a random worker for the check because we had been finished and waiting for 10-15 minutes with no service.   He actually went to tell the server we needed the bill and she didn't even bring it to us.  Someone else did.  Pretty lame.  Burger was goodFries 50/50Service whack.
1	Stood and waited for 30 mins for a table. What was really disheartening was the amount of empty tables we could see through the the pointless but clearly expensive glass sign. While Gordon may be a renowned chef world wide, it's doesn't excuse the ridiculous get up that is presented here. Empty tables = no one paying: why the hel make people queue needlessly when there are perfectly good tables available. Sadly we didn't wait to sample the food but there is no excuse for this crap! Can I say btw we counted 32 empty seats alone. This was in the back as we walked by!!!!
5	I have been here twice! The Farm Burgr is amazing. The egg and the burgr are cooked to perfection! It is just delicious. Also, their service is fast and friendly.
4	Prior to our trip, we were looking for places to eat while in Vegas and this happened to be one of them. This place is inside Planet Hollywood. We tried to get there when they opened to beat the long line. We later found out that the line outside was for parties of 2. If you're in a larger group, you should ask to have your name put down. The wait for us was about 45 minutes, and when our table was ready they texted us. The place itself was really nice. I ordered the farm burger and it was filling since the meat is pretty thick but it didn't wow me. I didn't really taste the egg that was in the burger. It was definitely a good experience though, but I'm not sure if I would come back for a $15 burger. What I found pretty cool was that at the end of your meal when they give you your check, they also hand you a iPod touch...which they have their satisfactory survey on.
4	The wait was long. I didn't care for my burger I ordered the Euro. The other two burgers Hells kitchen and American were good. Beer was excellent. It's cool but kinda pricey.
1	In n out beats this place hands down. I don't understand what is so special abt hells kitchen burger and the chicken burger had bones in the patty. Truffle fries were good. I don't understand what's the hype abt this place. Never going back.
5	Just finished eating here with our group of seven.  Well worth the hour wait.  I highly recommend you be the carrier of a Rewards Card as this may help group sizes in obtaining a table sooner rather than later.  Ryan, our server, was professional, courteous, and had a splendid sense of humor.   Parties of two generally are seated more quickly than groups (3+ people) so be aware of that before showing up here on a busy Friday/Saturday night.Blue burger... Farm burger... we had other types as well.  They were excellent.  The truffle fries were scrumptious and we recommend asking your server for the plate of dipping sauces (blue cheese, ketchup, ranch, et cetera)Remember Ryan... Gordon's burgers ARE better than Carl's Jr. burgers!  ;)
5	We decided to try this for lunch on a Wednesday and only had about a 30 min wait which was nice considering how long the line was.  It was definitely worth the wait.I am 99.9% sure this was the best burger I've ever had in my life.  I ordered the Britannia burger and it was the most amazing, flavorful and juicy burger ever.  I ordered fries which were nicely done - crispy but not overdone.  We shared the Jalapeno poppers - six on a plate, each in their own individual ramekin with sauce.  One is supposed to still have seeds - ours had two and I happen to pull both of them!   I highly recommend for a great, reasonably priced burger on the Strip.  Looking forward to my next visit!
5	Visited for lunch on Saturday 8/9/14Delicious! The server was super friendly, nice guy from Santa Cruz (forgot his name). We got 4 appetizers because they all sounded amazing! They were!! Chicken wings, poppers, bao, onion rings...I would eat them all right now again!And the burgers, oh the burgers between us we got the two chicken burgers,  the spicy burger, and and I forgot the last one.They were all amazing!Great food, great service, great time!Only one complaint,  there's a line out front DO NOT GET IN LINE! Check in at the host stand...stood in line for 15 minutes for nothing...they should get rid of that line.
3	Party of two, so we were seated quickly. Got the Britannia burger and Parmesan fries. Not enough mango chutney on the burger, couldn't taste it. The meat was quality and cooked perfectly. Bun was awesome. Fries were disappointing because they were soggy/wet. My co-worker got the sweet potato fries... Much better than mine. Service was very good. Burger, fries, diet coke and tip = $37, ouch.
4	This place deserves every ounce of hype it gets. Talk about redefining the burger. If you wish to confirm why this place always has lines that rival those of the best nightclub at Cosmopolitan, pay a visit after midnight, when the hordes are getting wasted elsewhere. You will find that even the humble AMERICAN BURGER here is vastly superior to anything you have tasted at the mainstream burger joints. My personal favorite is the HELL KITCHEN'S BURGER, but I warn you about its spiciness. It's hot. It's sexy. Your first bite of it will result in an orgasmic burst of traditional Mexican flavors fused with all the protein greatness of well-prepared American meat. Skip the sweet potato fries. Their water tastes like wonderful chlorine, so splurge on beer or if you are desperate, soda. On the weekends, get a booth and avoid the bar at all costs. The gal there is super nice, but the guy bartenders are as pleasant as an emphysemic smoker's overly ripe phloem!
4	Let me preface this review by saying that I take eating pretty damn seriously, especially when I travel outside of my local area.  I "train" for the trip like any athlete would for a big game. I do weeks of research (no, seriously), read reviews, examine menus, even ask friends for feedback just to ensure I compile a more than awesome list of MUST EATS during my trip.Anyway, with the bevy of gastropubs and burger joints Vegas has to offer, Gordon Ramsay's BurGR wasn't even a speck on my radar.  GRB didn't pique my interest until a friend said they made their burgers with deckle-meat. Deckle-meat..the buttery, fatty, extra marbly outskirts of that delicious ribeye.GRB quickly made it to the top 3 on my hitlist. So after having somewhat dieted all day -- told you I took these experiences seriously- I was more than prepared to sink my teeth into one of these burgers. The restaurant itself isn't anything notable. Orange-themed and contemporary, down to the silverware. Service was fine, attentive and friendly. The menu isn't so lengthy that you would need to spend 20 minutes deciding on an order, BUT all the options appeared so appetizing that it certainly took about 17 minutes to finally come to some decisions. My boo is very steak and potatoes, doesn't deviate much from culinary fundamentals.  He ordered the American burger, added bacon I believe.  Since I knew I would be able to steal a few bites, I got the fresh roasted chili dog. And yes, I did order this a bit for the shock value since I had seen yelp photos of this particular item. Our buddy got himself the farm burger which is something I would have ordered if I wasn't so interested in that hotdog. We also got regular and truffle parm fries.We also got shakes. Man did we get shakes. If I were to pick only one item off this menu and nothing else, I would get a shake from here. i used to walk all the way to cosmo for a Holstein's shake but the GRB shakes are exponentially better. Like to the umpteenth power.  I got myself the coffee shake with hazelnut pudding, which I killed in literally 2 minutes. I couldn't keep my hands off it. It was a freakish newfound addiction. Our friend got the Oreo and creme brulee shake which was just as sinfully, almost painfully delicious. Our food came and the burgers were juicy, rich and what you would expect from the deckle claim. Although since it was thrown into ground beef, it didn't impart a noticeably different flavor.  Burgers were also on the smaller end of the spectrum especially given the higher price point.  My man enjoyed the hotdog more than I did. Other than the hotdog length far exceeding the bun, it wasn't memorable.   The truffle parm fries were piping hot and very generous on the toppings. Wish the fries were cut slightly thinner to lessen their density. Overall, we were quite satisfied with our meals.  I may even venture to say that I enjoyed it more than Holstein's.  Dang those shakes really got me.
5	Exceptional burger place, for a reasonable price, considering you're at a celebrity restaurant on the strip. The wait is long, but worth it.The burger combinations are delicious, my favorite is the one with the fig spread. They are usually perfectly cooked.The thing that sets this place apart is the truffle fries and the desserts. The truffle fries are a concoction of beautifully presented fries with a generous sprinkling of light Parmesan fluffs (for lack of a better word) mixed with freshly chopped herbs, and truffle, of course! Love it! I could probably have an order to myself although it's big enough (and expensive enough) to share.The dessert combinations are also stellar, with delicious milkshakes topped with a wonderful pudding. It sounds weird, but imagine a milkshake topped with a somewhat chocolate mousse-flavored topping. Awesome!!The only flaw we've ever found is once the dip for the fries had a skin on it from being prepared ahead of time. The dishes are starting to looking a bit beaten-up, but considering the high volume of people, understandable. They should swap it out, though, and the placemats are looking a bit raggedy for the image.Not as much kid-friendly as Holstein's, no kids menu. I think Holsteins' burgers on a good day can beat BurGR when they aren't on top of their game. They can't touch BurGR's truffle fries or milkshakes, though!
4	Very long wait for us (we were told 20-25 mins, it was more like 45-50 mins).Excellent service, ambience and food. The staff member was courteous, well-informed about the menu and gave us great suggestions.An experience to remember (despite the wait)! We got the fish and chips sandwich (large portion, very tasty) and the Euro burger which was also very good!
4	A little pricey but what do you expect--you're on the Strip.The food and service were excellent. If you find yourself there and not craving a burger, you'd do fine with the Soba Chicken Salad.
4	Despite waiting for over 20 mins. The food was delicious!! I am a hugr fan of gordon ramsay, and it now i finally know how awesome his food is! I wanted to try the gordon ramsay steak house but it was on the higher end side. So i guess ill wait until next time!!We ordered the farm burger and chicken burger with truffled fries.The burgers were amazeballsss. It was the juiciest burgers i have ever eaten. The truffled fries are to die for!! The cream dip it comes with is bombbb!A photographer took a few pictures of us.. But we never found out where or how we could obtain them?? Wouldve liked to know what happened to them.Anyway, love this place!! Not too fancy but it definitely hits the spot!
4	Does Burgr live up to the high expectations we've set for Gordon Ramsay? That would be a resounding YES!  My wife and I went to Burgr twice during our two night stay in Las Vegas, and loved it! Please try the Farm Burger and the Hells kitchen burger. The ingredients were fresh, sinful, and left my brain wanting more in spite of my full belly. I will be back.
5	Amazing.Magical cows.  Yes, magical cows grazing on magical grass. On a magical farm.  Cows who willingly provide magical milk for the shakes and give their lives to create the greatest hamburgers ever made.  It's the only explanation I can come up with.I'm not a big fan of the Gordon Ramsay 'Hell's Kitchen' show like many who frequent BurGR are.  I've seen maybe two episodes at best.  So when people started pointing at the executive chef, I had to Google her from the name embroidered on her chef's uniform.  Turns out she won Season Ten.  I didn't care, but that's kind of interesting.  But not as interesting as my meal.I normally wouldn't wait in line 30 minutes for a meal at a burger joint, but I was dining alone and there was a very short wait to eat at the counter. I'd heard good things so it seemed an ideal opportunity to try it out.  Next time I'm in town, I'll happily wait 30 minutes, an hour or however long it takes because it's well worth the wait. The menu includes some selection of appetizers (onion rings looked amazing) and a selection of about ten burgers.  They had salads and some other stuff, but really why bother?  There is a fancy hot dog that seemed popular, but I was focused on getting one of these famous burgers I have heard about.Burgers ranged from the good old American Burger (my choice, a plain cheeseburger the way those magical cows probably intended) to other interesting combinations. One of the specialty burgers involved duck breast bacon and a fried egg.  It's that kind of place.  My burger and the bun were terrific.  It's not cheap ($13 for burger alone) but worth it.  Burgers are  cooked over an apple wood fire or something, which I guess actually makes a difference?  Or it's just the magical cows again. Fries include sweet potato, truffle parmesan, and 'just fries' - had the regular fries and the chipotle and curry ketchups were available as well.  Amazing.  Add $9.Finally, the milkshakes - ranging from creme brulee (my runner up - next time) to coconut to caramel pudding and more.  I chose 'Shake #3' which included a banana milkshake covered in butterscotch pudding and topped with a snickerdoodle cookie.  It was SOOOOOO good it has at the very least tied the Twinkie shake at BLT Burger for best shake ever.  I may need to conduct a side-by-side taste test next time I'm in town.  Add another $9.  Yes, $9 for a shake.  Worth every penny.The ambiance is great and, if you are into the whole 'celebrity chef' thing, you'll love it even more.  Service was prompt and super-friendly, and the food, as I said, is wonderful.  It's the magical cows.  The whole meal, just a burger, fries and milkshake, came to about $40 with tip.  Yes, $40 for a basic burger and fries.  Again repeat after me. . . . worth. every. penny.Kudos, Gordon Ramsay.  I didn't think I'd every pay that kind of money for a burger.  But I did, and I will again.  When you visit your magical farm please tell the cows I thank them for their service!
1	My burger was salty and chared - I ordered medium. My soda was flat and they had no means of replacing it with something that wasn't. The service was mediocre and it was very loud.
3	I've only had a to-go order here, therefore, my review is mainly for the food itself and not for the service or ambiance of the restaurant. Came here a couple weeks ago because my family was in town and they love Gordon Ramsay. We ordered a couple Hell's Kitchen and Farm burgers. The good:1. Girls at the front were very friendly and helpful. I read a couple reviews that said they were rude, but we did come at a time when they're not busy at all, so I think that helps. My parents, being the Asian tourists they are, took pics all over the restaurant and they weren't hassled.2. Burgers are great, perfectly seasoned. 3. Menu is cute.The bad, or I guess the so-so:1. Girl who helped me order said that they grill the burger pretty rare here and told me to order Medium Well when I said I like my burger pink in the middle. I've ordered a burger Medium at the Counter and it came out pretty much still bloody red in the middle, so I thought BurGR is the same way. I ordered mine Medium....there was hardly any pink in the center. It looks like a Medium Well on its way to become Well Done really soon. It was overcooked. The burger still tastes great but I was disappointed they didn't cook it to my liking. 2. Price. Obviously I do understand I'm paying extra because first, it's inside a Planet Hollywood on the Strip, and second, it's Gordon frickin' Ramsay. But the burger was pretty small for $15 and it doesn't come with fries (most gourmet burger places don't include it). Fries are another $7 - $10 so you'll be spending $22 - $25 for burger and fries. Maybe I could justify the price if I were sitting down, enjoying the atmosphere or watching sports. But I wasn't.I want to come back to dine in, and also try the jalapeno poppers which look amazing. If you do get a to-go order, check and make sure they cook the burger right before you leave.Tip: use your Total Rewards card! $1 cheaper for almost every item.
3	So normally I would not be so picky with a review, however I am obsessed with burgers - eating the best anywhere has to offer and also making them at home. It takes a lot to impress me. When I eat a gourmet burger  I have high expectations.We tried the truffle fries, blue cheese burger and the jalapeno burger we split the burgers in half so we could share( I don't recall the exact names but these were the main toppings). The blue cheese burger was very nice, lots of blue cheese but I though the bun was disappointing. At $15  a burger I expect a much higher quality type of bread. Overall a delicious burger. The Jalapeno one, I was expecting a little spice - not at all spicy, not even an after kick, I didn't even finish it as it was just totally lacking in flavor.Lastly we ordered the burgers medium well and they came out pink in the middle  and the service was not particularly fast - tons of servers , not that many diners but the kitchen was slow when we went. Everyone was really nice though and they were open late which we appreciated.The TRUFFLE FRIES - AMAZEBALLS. So overall, yes yummy food, but for someone who really considers themselves  a foodie with a burger obsession I felt that while food was good it was overall nothing to really brag about. Go check it out for yourself and order the truffle fries. I personally feel that Umami Burger is much better than this place.
5	Well spank my ass and call me Sally! We had to wait over an hour in line(HUNGOVER) to get a table, but it was worth it. I don't know if it was my hangover aching for greasy, delicious food, but I had over a year to sit on this review and this place serves some delicious ass meat cakes.
5	Love it! A bit of a wait, but worth it. The food is great, shakes are great, try the sweet potato fires.... awesome!
4	Ever since my bf successfully turned me into a Gordon Ramsay fan, both of us have been trying to eat at his restaurants whenever we can. So on our last day in Vegas, we decided to eat at this restaurant. We did not have to wait in line for that long (it was early lunch on Sunday).  I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger (So juicy~~TWO THUMBS WAY UP), he had the Farm Burger (he did not like this one very much),and shared the Truffle Parmesan Fries (SO GOOD). If you ever read this...we love you, Gordon Ramsay!!!
3	Okay.. so no 4 stars because... I hated the burger bun. it's hard, it's not tasty, it's not special and it's dry.  Also, the fries, although TASTY..were EXTREMELY salty. Highlights:sweet potato fries and that sweet jalapeno sauce.. dude. heaven. HEAVEN.milkshakes. any milkshakes. don't be afraid of that delish pudding they put on top of there either. I'm lactose intolerant and I thought I'd be okay but they must you quality ingredients in there because my stomach hurt so bad that night...but it was worth it.my actual burger was pretty good, i forgot what I got but it's the egg. Let me rephrase this.. the ingredients and the INSIDE was good, I was just underwhelmed with the quality of the bun. I tried some of the other burgers my friends got and they were good too- but once again.. turned off by the bread they had. My burger was cooked a little more than what I requested- medium rare, but I did that on purpose because I knew if I ordered a medium, it would end up medium well. I think chefs are afraid of cooking meat medium rare especially on the west coast bc we can't handle rare meat like people in europe and the east coast does. I'd still come here for those damn sweet tater fries and milkshakes. Don't let the line fool you- it looks long but it goes relatively quick.
3	Food was ok, service was good.  Not impressed after being so excited to come!   It's very loud, good for groups of people but the food was nothing special.  Glad we came but won't be back.
5	I've had the pleasure of dining here 3 times and seriously love everything. My girlfriends and I constantly reminisce about the food, particularly the jalapeno poppers and the euro burger. For an Englishman, Gordon knows his way around a burger. I've found that there is always a bit of a wait, so be prepared! I always try to come right before the lunch or dinner rush to avoid an even longer wait. The restaurant is very open and you can see right into the kitchen. They do have a bar out front, but it is very exposed. It's a bit on the pricey side, but come on people it's Gordon Ramsay!My favorite snacks to start are the onion rings and jalapeno poppers. The onion rings are lightly battered, crispy, and served with two delicious sauces. I'm not a fan of spicy food, but the jalapeno poppers have the best flavor! They are cheesy and rich and served in adorable little shot glasses. So good!I've tried a few of the burgers and my favorite by far is the Euro burger. The goat cheese is incredibly flavorful and rich. The burger is always cooked to perfection and the buns aren't too heavy. I'm also a big fan of the fish and chips sandwich. It's a little awkward to eat, you're probably going to need a knife and fork, but the fish is absolutely perfect. If you need a side for your burger go with the truffle fries. I seriously wanted to bathe in the truffle aioli, I mean I almost licked the little cup. So at this point you are absolutely stuffed, but make room for a milkshake because you haven't had one like this before and you can't leave without one! I've only had milkshake #4 and it was a spiritual experience, I seriously wanted a private room to indulge! The Oreo shake is rich and delicious, but the creme brulee pudding sets it off. Yes, I said creme brulee pudding! Go, go get one, NOW! In my opinion the food is more than worth the price and you deserve to indulge once in awhile :)
3	I always walk pass this restaurant when I was in Vegas a few months ago. I thought since it's Gordon Ramsey, it should be great. I was here a few days ago with my friend. She had a soba noodle chicken salad. She said it was really good. As for me, I got the farm burger. It was. ehhh. ok? It wasn't the best burger I had. The meat was really dry. My friend and I also got truffle fries which is big enough to share.. The truffle fries were delicious.
4	I just wanted to add a review on a different burger I tried here called the Britannia. It definitely trumped over the other burgers I had the last time I came here. OMgosh that mango chutney yo! I didn't know what mango chutney was at first, but it appeared to be a spread/condiment with a spice and mango blend. It's the perfect topping to compliment the the flavors in this burger. If you like sweet and savory, then I highly recommend this burger.Similar to my last visit here, the fries were soggy. This time it was also a little burnt. The portion was pretty big though for $8 worth. I shared a side of fries with 2 other people and there was still half left over at the end. I will probably try a different side here the next time I come back since soggy fries 2x in a row ain't going to cut it.
4	I finally got to try this place out. So I give the food a 4 star, good burger, solid ingredients and was cooked well. I ordered the farm burger which was duck bacon, honestly it tasted like normal bacon nothing different but bacon is always good so... Fried egg was cooked good too. The Parmesan fries we ordered had great flavor but weren't cooked that well, I think some were over cooked and some were under cooked so there was much consistency there for me. Long wait for parties of 3 or more so be prepared. I will for sure come back just might come on a more down time so it's not so busy and I can try one of their shakes which looked amazing.
4	This location is located in the casino area of the PH Hotel, just inside the strip entrance doors.   The wait is usually about 1-1.5 hours, so be prepared for that.  The nice thing is they will take you cellular number and page you when your table is ready.  That means you can hit the mall and shop while you wait.!The burgers are really really good.  My girlfriend loves the Brittania.  The onion rings are awesome and their special ketchup is top notch.  I'll definitely be going back!!
5	Most amazing burger of my life, and has ruined all other burgers for me!The Hells Kitchen burger with a shake! Mmmmm!
5	Amazing food and worth the 20 min wait in line . Hell's Kitchen burger was the best great flavor and not too spicyThe farm burger was good but hell kitchen burger was the winner! Waiter was quick and attentive!
2	Overall: The service is absolutely atrocious and the food is good. Prepare for $35-40/person for a burger, fries and drink.We really looked forward to Burgr, and if you are a fan of Ramsay's you will notice the menu follows his ideas. It is simple, small and straight-forward.  They try to incorporate technology as they have iPad's for the drink/dessert menu and at the end of the meal provide a survey that you use an iPod for.Overall, there was a nice selection of beers on tap. The food was good, not the greatest burger I have ever had, but it was definitely a good burger. The Parmesan Fries were pretty good too.  Most couples split an order of fries.What ruins the food though is the horrible service. The servers seem only interested in bringing your food and not seeing if you are doing fine. While we were eating out meal, our server interupted us to ask if we wanted dessert before we were even done our food.  Then, while still eating our food (after turning down dessert) our bill was tossed onto the table.Usually these sort of restaurants in Vegas have great service, service that makes you forget about having to wait for your food. But the horrible service took away from the entire experience. I cannot recommend this restaurant. While the food is good, it is no better than many other places in Vegas and definitely no cheaper. But the service is absolutely horrible compared to them,and why put up with horrible service when you have many other choices?
4	The wait was less than they quoted. Innovative text when table is ready. Our server was perky and a pleasure to deal with. Christine was working the pass and while the good took a bit to get out it was worth it. Only downer was the obvious stack of fries orders under a heat lamp and ours seemed not as fresh as the burger.  Had the all American and was cooked to perfection. Tasted delicious and was very juicy.  Son said his was the best cheeseburger ever and that is a strong endorsement.  Christine signed a menu for us for our 25th anniversary.  Great experience.
3	A group of us were in Vegas for a bachelorette party and the bride's mother-in-law invited us to lunch here on our first day before we started the festivities. Despite being called off the wait list, we still had to wait over 20 minutes before a table finally freed up.After we did get seated, it took forever for our waitress to check on us and service was just plain bad for the rest of our meal as it was impossible to flag anyone down for anything.We ended up ordering truffle parmesan fries & sweet potato fries to share - the fries were pretty good. I got the southern yardbird burger - the meat is very tender and juicy but the burger is SO large that it's almost impossible to eat.Overall, not worth it IMO to wait in long line for crappy service and slightly above average food.
4	Was there this past weekend, wait for about an hour for a group of sixService was excellent! Like honestly, our waitress was super friendly and niceI got the farm burger and shared Parmesan fries with my gfI got the farm burger with an over hard egg and it was greatThe fries were ehh alright, wish they were cheesier or somethingBut the burger was amazing
3	I had VERY high expectations for this place, simply because of the GR name attached to it, and I am a huge food network fan. But maybe because of those high expectations, this place didn't quite deliver for me ):I split the farm burger & truffle fries with a friend. And the burger was good, yes, but not amazing. Admittedly, everything was well cooked, nicely made, and beautifully presented, but the burger just seemed to be missing something. I think maybe I would've liked some lettuce or tomatoes in my burger? Some kind of veggies to balance out the patty and the egg? The fries were good, but not noteworthy either. Their house ketchup was different, and I probably would've preferred just plain-ol' heinz.Anywho, overall, the burgers were good, just not as good as I would've expected from GR. Maybe if the bar hadn't been set so high, this place would've gotten 4 stars instead of 3. But solid burgers, decently priced for being on the strip, just don't expect amazing.
4	First I love GR! I was/am so excited to get to eat here. I ordered the Britannia burger, which had mango chutney, cheddar and arugala. It was delicious but unfortunately it wasn't cooked consistently through out (very pink on one side and well on the other side). My son got the Hell's kitchen burger, which he said had the heat but didn't actually taste like jalapeno. The fancy ketchup with the fries... curry and chipotle weren't my chip of tea but my son liked the chipotle. Service was great.atmosphere was really nice.  I will come again!
2	Burger was fair, fries cold. Not Ramsey quality at. He would be throwing the food all over the place. No value for your dollar, too many other options
4	Great option if you want good food and a low hassle restaurant that's on the strip. The burgers were decent, but we just wanted a quick meal that wasn't at a fast food chain or a high end restaurant. Location can't be beat. There was a short wait though, maybe five to ten minutes.
5	This is the best burger and fries I have ever had! We ordered the Euro burger and Parmesan truffle fries. Excellent!
5	I ordered the Farm Burger and I am certain I will never find another burger that delicious anywhere else as long as I live. Thanks for ruining all the rest of the burgers that will enter my life Ramsey!!!
4	Best burger and dining experience I have had for this category of dining. Great people working here first of all, prompt and attentive service.  It shows that everyone was knowledgeable and experienced. ..even down to the eye contact.Food was hands down amazing.  Homemade sauces, bread, and fresh ingredients never disappoint. I went with 4 others so we tried an array of items.  My Gordon Ramsay burger was a new, off the menu item that has only been available for 3 days...so I had to get it.  It was a hog (pork patty) full of flavor, cooked medium with a charred crust, toasted buns with white and black sesame seeds.  And the lettuce mix has chives in it...so thoughtful.  Overall, get the hog burger or pork patty burger...it is just more tasty.  Truffle fries and onion rings were delicious too.  This is the only BurGR location,  so come here when you are in Vegas!  Come when they first open, less wait time.
5	Ok I am going to give this a 5 star review the food was over the top! The shakes were incredible , they made to order burgers for us which was great, even the Ice Tea for this southern boy was increbile.   The sauces that pair with the onion rings fries and sweet potatoes fries are paired well. The only thing is you have 30 beer taps and only one dark beer on tap come on GR at least change that.  Will definitely come back again
1	It's better than Red Robins at least...Food is underwhelming in flavor and creativity. The Gordon Ramsey brand could learn a lot from much better burger places from the PNW such as; Quinn's, 8oz Burger, and Biwa.Supposedly they reinvented the milkshake too... Into that jello pudding you buy from the grocery.  Also... The French fries were chewy.iPads with a terrible web-based application used as a drink menu offer a very awkward experience. If you're a foodie... This is not a place for you.
4	I have been looking forward to coming here for quite a while. The wait was not too long at around noon on a Saturday. Asked to be seated at the counter facing the kitchen which was a pretty cool seat. The burger was pretty good. I got the European burger. Also got a shake and it taste like someone took a bottle of caramel and put a straw in it. Way way way to much to think about drinking. Maybe that's why they give you a straw like boba. I would go back if the wait wasn't too long but the burger was good minus the wow factor. Maybe my expectations were too high.
4	Great food there. Drinks were a bit pricey though. The burgers were cooked perfectly. Service was excellent. Our waitress was amazing she was pretty fast with things and very thorough with explaining the menu.I had the fury wings as an appetizer and that was delicious. The parmasean fries I wasn't too crazy about. The. For entree I had the Hell's Kitchen burger. The pepper gave it a nice spice to it. Def would love to go back again!
5	Best burger I ever had! This place was fantastic! I've always wanted to eat at Ramsay's restaurant. The burgers are so delicious and full of flavor. The service is great and couldn't be more pleased! Our food also came pretty quick which really surprised me since this restaurant is packed full of people. Definitely eating here when I visit Vegas again!
3	I'm such a Gordan Ramsay tv fan, this was on my checklist of places to eat! LOCATION: The first restaurant to the left when you enter Planet Hollywood from the Strip, you won't miss it because it has real flames encased in glass but it's not hot.  LINE/WAIT: My friends flew in Friday night so we got here around 11:15pm? We checked in at the counter, gave them my cell phone so they could text me when the table was ready. We took some pictures in front of the flames and the total wait was maybe 10-15 mins. I love this text waitlist so if it was any longer we could just wander about. FOOD: My bf and I had eaten at a buffet earlier in the day so we just split the Hell's Kitchen Burger. They were nice and actually split it in half for us and brought an extra plate. I liked it, it was just the right amount of spicy but it wasn't the best burger of my life, which sadly I was expecting. We also ordered regular fries and my friends got the truffle fries.  Both fries were meh. They were both super hot (temp) but still kinda hard and airy at the same time. The truffle fries and regular fries all came with different dipping sauces. None of them blew my mind.  I was also excited to try the shake since they looked so good on yelp!  We split the #1 (caramel pudding + chocolate shake+ toffee cookie). The menu says "shake'" but it LITERALLY is pudding. When I think shake, I just assume ice cream shake and so this was SO not what I was expecting. It was like eating a jello-pudding cup of thick chocolate PUDDING with a layer of caramel on the top 1/3 of it.  :( OVERVIEW: Certain expectations are sometimes the worse because this happens where I wasn't blown away and I don't agree with most of the yelpers. The burger was good but I wouldn't come back here. Glad I got a check off my food list though! TIPS and stuff:*Make sure you give your TR card before they bring you the check. I forgot but the waitress was nice enough to re-run it.  *Here's a link to the full menu: http://www.planethollywoodresort.com/content/dam/phv/Dining/Casual/burgr/GRBurgerMenu_9_15_2013.pdf*Also... I didn't know this until we sat down.. BurGR.= BurGordanRamsay. Haha
5	Great experience! Tasty burgers cooked perfectly, first time I've had duck bacon and it didn't disappoint. Exceptional service and delicious cocktails, definitely recommend as a must eat at spot in Vegas!
5	Nice selection of beer on tap- Had a Perino. Decently priced. Had the devil dawg, brittania burger, sweet potato fries, and the jalepeno poppers. Everything tasted amazing and fresh. The oreo shake with caramel pudding was to die for. The staff was very friendly and helpful at the bar. The hosts were efficient and very friendly as well. Mike was our server and we are so lucky to have had him :). Congrats BurGR, you made a fan out of us!
1	Huge fan of Gordon Ramsay, however the hells kitchen burger I ordered was not as expected. I ordered to go and waited half an hour for my food to arrive. When I bit into the burger it was overly salty, as if the person who was seasoning the meat dropped a whole canister of salt into the patty. It's probably because I ordered around 11:45pm and they close at 12am so they didn't care about the standards and said "f" it, they can't complain after we close. So disappointed.
5	I could honestly write this whole review about how delicious the onion rings were but for the lack of room I will just talk about how amazing my experience was overall.I have been dying to try this place for years and when I finally got her I was in awe. Only Gordon Ramsay would design a restaurant with a wall made completely out of glass and fire. Coming here I was prepared to go all out when it came to both the drinks and food. I ordered the chili dog, onion rings, original burger and coffee shake...I know thats A LOT but hey you have to take advantage of the situation especially if Gordon Ramsay is involved. The onion rings were so crunchy and seasoned to perfection. Just writing this post my mouth begins to water. The shake was crazy too. There was chocolate pudding on the top and coffee shake on the bottom. A serious sugar overload but went great with the whole fancy diner feel of the whole place. The burger and hot dog were also delicious. Both loaded with all sorts of toppings that I would have never expected to be so delectable. If there is such a thing as an orgasm in your mouth then this place will be sure to give you one.
4	Came here with another couple for a late dinner. The burgers were delicious but I don't think the $15 price tag is necessary but, hey, it's Vegas, everything is expensive. Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable. The wings were very good, not dry at all and flavorful.  Our appetizer, the truffle fries and wings arrived on time but our main course was taking a long while. She went to go check on it and discovered that the ticket had gotten lost or misplaced. She immediately retook our order (mostly from memory) and we had our food in less than 10min! Cocktails were also very well made and we each enjoyed 2 of them. I recommend the Whiskey Lemonade!
3	Another pricey Vegas restaurant that's mediocre at best. My burger was good but nothing special, it was kind of lacking until I requested the spicy mayo.  The fries were ok, plenty to share between two people. The dipping sauces were different and fun. Was it worth $25 for a burger,1/2 and order of fries and a glass of water? Not really.
5	Best burger of my life. I got a new one he just made on his show 2 weeks ago. Like the farm burger but with pepper relish, avocado, shredded lettuce. So glad I stopped in. The staff is very upbeat and friendly. Will visit on another vegas trip for sure.
3	Long wait. Burger was decent. Habit burger is better. Its fancy and unique though. Clean and the service was great. But FOOD FOOD FOOD is the main thing. and it is just, Decent..
3	Came here on a Sunday afternoon with a group of 8 people. The wait was about an hour... but that's to be expected. Got the farm burger, and honestly, I wasn't too wowed. Maybe my taste buds aren't refined enough for these gourmet burgers, but I didn't see the appeal of it or the fries. We got all three different kinds of french fries and none of them seemed to be worth the price. Overall, if you're a simple eater like me, don't dine here.
5	Yum! I'm so bummed I was too full of burgers, onion rings (make sure you get those) and truffle fries, to taste the shakes! Cutest little waitress, who was top notch! Go! Great experience!
5	So we got lucky on our recent stay at PH and the line at lunch time for BurgR went quickly.  The staff was great and the food choices made it tough to choose.  There was a special Gordon Ramsay burger that was delicious and the fish and crisp sandwich was so good! We got plain fries and onion rings and the came with the tastiest dipping sauces.  Especially the ranch with cheddar cheese dip! If you are in Vegas, go there for a really great burger!
5	WOW. What can I say-- WOW. WOW. WOW. The EURO burger is amazing! I don't know if its because I went from vegetarian to gradually eating meat , but the food here is amazing. Gordon Ramsay BurGR is conveniently located in Planet Hollywood perfectly located where my sister and I went to watch a concert. Coming out from Britney's Piece of Me concert this just completely sealed the deal with my overall evening experience. The concert was great and I just had a midnight snack craving so when I saw Gordon Ramsay's Flaming Signage I knew this was it. For the first time, the line and the Flaming Sign made me curious about what the fuss was all about. I tried the EURO BurGR and it was sOooO Goood. All the ingredients complemented my burger, it wasn't too heavy and it wasn't too plain it was just PURFECT. As for the Parmesan Truffle Fries, it was good, but it wasn't the best that I have had. The fries were crispy, but I couldn't taste the texture of the potato the creates the flavor within the french fries. The fries were over cooked and too hard for my preference. Otherwise this place would have been perfect. This is definitely a must go to place just to experience the BurGr but also the ambiance and evening hype. RECOMMENDATION: MmmMmm.... Good*- MONEY-SAVER compared to other restaurants1. Euro BurGr (BEST Burger I have ever eaten in Vegas 4.7/5)) ---WAY better than Bobby Flay's Burger  2.  Vegetarian Style Euro BurGr (Custom Made) (3/5)3. Parmesan Truffle Fries (3.7/5)
3	The line was a little ridiculous for a Tuesday evening for what turned out to be an alright burger. It was flavorful enough, but something about it was missing a gourmet flare. Nice beer selection, though.
3	3.5 starsHad the farm burger. Not bad. But not blown away either. For the price, a little expensive considering you don't get fries, but it is Vegas. Service was great though.
4	The Lines kinda ridiculous here so if I were you you should go really early. I remember the wait for us is three hours!! Crazy. So we decided to go the next day instead and really early. Even though we were there early we still had to wait for an hour since we had a large group. The place itself is nice but it's super cold. I was cold most of the time and I couldn't really enjoy my food so I had to ask the server to lower down the ac. Other Han that it's not bad of a place to eat burger. The atmospher is very friendly and typical burger place. I order the Hell's Kitchen burger and it was super gooood! I didn't expect it to be that spicy but over all it was good. I was a bit disappointed with the presentation of the burger I mean it looked plain. But I guess it's just a burger. My friend ordered the truffle fries and it was sooooo good with the sauce on the side!  Love this place!
4	Food is solid, which I expected from a Gordon Ramsay establishment.  I ordered the Britannia burger (recommended) both times.  The first time, we went during the mid-afternoon when the place was starting to slow down from the lunch crowd.  Burger came out perfect, truffle fries (a must) were solid.  The second time, we went during dinner time.  The food was good, but not as up to snuff as the first time.  The price is what it is, considering the location. Prepare to wait on line.  The wait is unnecessary long, considering how many empty tables I saw when I left the restaurant.  Not sure if it is a staffing issue or a "let's make it look prestigious" issue.  Doesn't take anything away from my opinion of the place, though.
1	We have really enjoyed other Ramsay restaurants. The wait for BurGR is just ridiculous! We were told it would be a 2 hour wait and they would let us know by text (they text your phone) when the table was ready. I'm not much of a burger eater and rarely order them anywhere, but with Ramsay having his name on the restaurant must mean it's going to be worth the 2 hour wait right? Wong! When I first heard how long the wait would be, I wasn't even upset. I had been wanting to try BurGR and with a wait time like that I got more excited to try one of these well loved burgers. One thing is they have strict rules here at BurGR. When we got the text alert that our table was ready, some of us needed to use the restroom on our way back to the restaurant. Now we were on the property, never left. The hostess still refused to seat anybody until everybody was there and accounted for. Really? it seemed like we were on a field trip and the bus driver was counting heads to make sure everyone was on the bus.Once we got seated it took 10 minutes for our server to acknowledge us and he took our appetizer order, but not our food order. He literally took off after we said what app we wanted. Around 15 minutes later our "Roasted Jalapeno Poppers" priced at $12 showed up at the table. They looked so good!!! Too bad they didn't live up to what I saw. The insides were still cold. It was only hot on the outside and the poppers were a real disappointment to our whole table. The cheddar ranch that comes with it just tasted like regular ranch. The poppers come in shot glasses with the ranch and we still had one left on the table that nobody really wanted. 20 minutes later our server came back to take our dinner order. Phew it was some wait time from beginning to finish at this place! Hubby and I decided to split a burger and a hot dog and the fries and rings are a generous portion so we just got 1 order of each for the table to share. "Just Fries" ($8) - They are hand-cut and come with a side each of curry ketchup and chipotle ketchup. I really feel for the price you get a lot of fries and even if sharing, you will still have plenty. The problem is the fries came out ice cold. I picked one up to taste and spit it back out. Nobody at our table wanted to eat the fries. "Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings" ($9) - Parmesan cheese on the rings with  chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch dip on the side. Again, the portion and price are very fair, but the rings were straight up ice cold and the ranch is ranch, nothing cheddar about it. "American Burger" ($13) - The burger had american cheese, onions, tomatoes, pickles and butter lettuce. When our food arrived to the table, 40 minutes after placing the order, I'm pretty sure my mouth started to drool as the burger was put down in front of me. It looked very good. I will say they after cutting the burger in half, I noticed that it was cooked just as I requested which is actually hard to come by here in Vegas. Too bad the actual burger had zero flavor. The burgers are grilled over apple and cider wood is what they brag about here yet the burger seriously had no flavor and like the other food it wasn't even warm. There was way too much bun going on with this burger and every time I took a bite the bread fell apart as the rest of the burger. It was just not good at all. There wasn't anything I ate during this experience that was enjoyable. "Fresh Roasted Chili Dawg" ($13) - Too much dog, not enough bun. Did taste decent, but they need a bigger bun for it. Better than the burger! Hmmm.I let our server know that the food was cold and the fries and rings were so ice cold that  t hey must have been sitting for a while. Our server responded with "Sorry, I was busy doing stuff and then I had to go to the bathroom" to which I replied "did you at least wash your hands after touching your junk and brought our food" and he just said "I'll take the fries off" and then he was gone. The whole meal should have been free since it was mostly still on the table because we didn't want to eat it. I said very clearly and loudly that I had a total rewards card to get the discount on our bill and he just shrugged it off and charged the card with the regular prices anyway. If you have a total rewards card then you save so much off each menu item. So you can see where this can actually add up every time a menu item is added to the tab. I said something to him and he said that he would correct it, but it would take a long time and the card would have to be charged twice to fix it. We just said to forget it and I told him it would come from his tip. My friend ordered a burger and paid extra to have an egg added and was specific about it having a runny yolk. Our server said that wouldn't be a problem, but when our food came the egg on her burger was cooked way too long meaning no runny yolk. Such a major disappointment Gordon Ramsay BurGR turned out to be.
5	The food & atmosphere were great. I wish it weren't so expensive, we would have gone more than once; $170 before tip is a bit expensive for us. But we enjoyed the experience. The best beef wellington ever.
2	I am disappointed to write this review. This is my fifth time here and afterThis experience I feel that burGr has lost it's luster.  We ordered the jalepeno poppers and they were cold inside. The waitress didn't come around to even complain about it to. The burger was eh. Not bad not good. Fries were horrible. Onion rings were delicious though.
4	My first time trying BurGR was at an Elite event last year.  We were lucky enough that night, to try the majority of the menu.  It was all amazing.  My table quartered the burgers so we could try different ones.  My faves were the Britannia Burger and the Euro Burger.  I didn't care for the Sticky Toffee Pudding Pop.  Cool idea but I could do with less salted peanut ice cream.  Recently I went back again with a friend from out of town who was staying at Planet Hollywood.  I got the Uber Cheese Burger  and the #4 shake.  My friend got the Farm Burger, #5 shake and we shared Truffle Parmesan Fries.  Everything was just as good as the first time.  We didn't have to wait long for a table and service was attentive.  Prices were average for a celebrity chef restaurant.  I only wish it wasn't such a pain in the ass to get anywhere in Planet Hollywood.
5	Was awesome. Was told an hour & 20 minute wait. Waited for 45. Didn't have to stand there, they texted us when our table was ready so we could walk around the mall. We were seated promptly and the waiter was really kind. Soon as I seen the Farm Burger, I knew I HAD to get it. Duck bacon, cheddar & a fried egg. Food came out really fast I was shocked being that they were really busy. Everything was so good. I should've gotten two. Great experience.
4	As stated on my profile, the BF and I are obsessed with sir Ramsey. Our dream is to visit all of his restaurants.. this was our first Gordon Ramsey experience..and a very pleasant one.Pro's- Our food was absolutely scrumptious -I got the Earth Burgr and the Bf got the chicken one..we both cried while eating. It's like he knows exactly what the person is looking for taste-wise.. and he invents it.. absolutely amazing food.We got seated fairly quickly and the hostess and manager were very friendly.The decor is obviously beautiful its Vegas meets Gordon Ramsey.. you can't go wrong with that.Con's- Our waiter was talking TOO fast.. like unbelievably, and he didn't mention the specials they had that day .. we had to overhear him tell the table next to us about it.. WATEV'S. The restrooms are outside the restaurant..not a big deal just a minor walk. The wait for the food is pretty damn long.. but its obviously worth it..my taste buds have been grateful. I'll be coming back hopefully every time I am in Vegas.. I recommend everyone give this place a try at least one time.
1	So disappointed! !! My boyfriend and I where there yesterday for lunch. It was a 2 hourwait so we taught that it was going to be an amazing experience.  I was very excited to eat there since I am a fan of chef Ramsay. I ordered the hell's kitchen burger, very over cooked and no seasoning at alllllllll! my boyfriend ordered a burger with arugula and goat cheese. .he had the same problem with his burger.  Our server wasn't attentive and didn't check on us at all. We couldn't even bring our issues to their attention since everyone was just standing by the pos machines talking to each other. Worst vegas experience ever. Never again :( I want my money and time back! !!!
4	Disclaimer: When we stopped by BURGR, the only thing I'd had all day was a half-yard Fat Tuesday so I was pretty drunk so keep that in mind when reading this review.So first off, my family and I are a little challenged and walked all around Miracle Mile and the casino floor looking for this restaurant. If you're coming in from the strip, BURGR's literally right there... by the other entrance 50 feet away from the entrance that goes into Miracle Mile. Anyways, so even on July 4th weekend (clearly I'm super punctual with my reviews), we only waited about half an hour for a party of 5 which was sweet because my drunk ass needed food in my system. I ordered The Farm burger and man it was good. The patty was perfectly juicy. The duck breast bacon was a little dry but the egg yolk kind of balanced that out. We also ordered the truffle fries & onion rings. I didn't think the onion rings were that special but the truffle fries were on point. They each came with two sauces but I only remember liking the truffle aioli that came with the truffle fries and chipotle ketchup that came with the onion rings.The server was super friendly and accommodating with everything. The only snafu was that we ordered a beer which took awhile (basically when we were half done with our food). The server asked the bartender what was up and I guess they make every drink in the order they're received even though the beer would take like 5 seconds to pour. That's not unreasonable but don't expect to have your beer with your food. Overall, a great spot to stop by. Sign up for a Total Rewards card to get a dollar off each item.
4	Delicous burger. Size was a bit smaller but every bite is heaven. French fries was awesome as well. The ambient is top notch. I ordered a few rum and cokes and they were real strong - must for being $10/piece.
5	After loving Gordon Ramsay for so long, we had to go check out burGR when we visited Vegas! The restaurant is inside Planet Hollywood right next to the casino, pretty easy to find, just follow the signs. We came around 11ish and the wait was around 20-25 mins so it wasn't that bad. Service was pretty good, except our server... We ordered a coffee shake and he brought out a chocolate shake instead. When we notified him of the error instead of bringing back the chocolate shake and giving us the right coffee shake, he wanted to charge us for an additional coffee shake for his mistake. Honestly, it was pretty disappointing for that to have happened at such a top notch restaurant. Kind of a downer at the end of our meal. Anyways onto the food!! We ordered an appetizer of the jalapeno poppers, overall it was delicious ! The sauce was yummy and the popper was crispy and flavorful. It is definitely SPICY - if you can't handle the heat you might want to try a different appetizer! Then we got the truffle fries with the garlic aioli and that was so yummy. The sauce is delicious and fries are always good with burgers :P I tried the Hell's Kitchen Burger and it was delicious, all the ingredients were fresh and the bun was toasted perfectly. The burger was definitely bigger than I thought it was going to be, based on the pictures they looked really small but it definitely fills you up. This burger also had a kick in it since it has jalapenos in it, so if you don't like spicy, this probably isn't the burger for you. My sister tried the Britannia burger which had a mango chutney, and she loved it. If you like the combination of sweet and savory I would definitely recommend the Britannia burger. Overall it was such a good restaurant, I couldn't give it any less than 5 stars despite our terrible server. The shake mix-up was definitely disappointing and annoying, but the food was too yummy. Try and check burGR out when you're in Vegas !!
5	Went to dinner here Friday night. We waited for about 30 mins and thank goodness it was worth every min. U have to try the Farm Burger. It won't disappoint.
3	I tried this place because my sister's coworker recommended it.  The atmosphere is cool,but you might think you're at Hooters because the way the waitresses are dressed. I tried the Hell's Kitchen Burger,which seemed small for $15. The waitress did mention that the burgers were 7 ounces.  If you show your Total Rewards card,you get to save a dollar.  Unfortunately, I showed my card to one waitress then another waitress served my party's food.
3	Definitely not as amazing as everyone made it out to be. Not particularly a burger connoisseur, but still not impressed For the price it's incredibly reasonable, considering everything else in Vegas is super expensive. Food is good, just not amazing.
3	We went to Gordon Ramsay BURGR at Planet Hollywood for Lunch.  It was really good, but didn't really compare in any way to Gordon Ramsay Steak.  It is funny how much he yells at contestants on his TV shows about their food being bland.  And I was surprised about how bland both of our Burgers were.  It was good, but fairly expensive and not great.  The best part of the meal by far were the Sticky Toffee Pudding Push Pops for Dessert.  If I were to go back I think I would just get a Shake and Dessert. Gordon Ramsay Steak is amazing in comparison!!!  Don't think if you didn't like BURGR that they can be compared in any way.  Because they are nothing alike and have nothing to do with each other!  They really need to add a good rub or seasoning to their Burgers.  Maybe some Sauces or something.  Just really dry and boring.  I haven't tried Bobby Flay's new Burger restaurant yet, but I have a feeling his is a lot better.  Gordon is my favorite on TV, but he needs to come over to my place and I will grill him a Hamburger.  I think we have found one thing that Brits and Gordon can't cook, and that is a good American Burger!
4	Went with my wife here for lunch. Loved the atmosphere. My burger and strawberry shake were amazing. Chicken wings had a unique taste (never tasted chicken wings like these before). Will have to go back and give final thoughts about the wings. My wife did not like her banana shake though.  Overall, a really good BurGR joint ;-)(09/02/2014)
5	Think you've tried every burger...... Think again.We tried this place just on a hunch and don't regret it one bit. We all thought we tried every burger out there but how we were wrong.We each tried a different burger, and when it came we split each burger. WE MELTED AT EVERY BITE.The wait was not bad and the price was decent. A must try when your on the strip.
3	Have been to Planet Hollywood  five times, and usually have lunch in Planet Dailies(will write review for that later).....there is usually an insane line for entry to BurGR, and that is plain stupid.....it is a very good burger, but not a great one.We ate at about 11:45 pm, all of us were there for the USN GVI and had been traveling all day.  No wait, and they accommodated two of us who showed up 45 minutes later, which was unexpected and very cool.Had the "American Burger" American cheese + butter lettuce + tomato+ pickle + onion....and I added bacon(came to about $15.00) protein style, no bun.Very juicy tasty burger....i just can't give a burger place a four star recommendation when there is so much damned attitude flying around.  The manager was great, very helpful, but everyone else from our server to the people bringing drinks seemed to want to be somewhere else.I would return, for sure.  It was a decent meal at a time of day I wasn't expecting to eat and the prices were fair.....but not cheap for sure.
5	I would add this to my list of favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  The interior is awesome and the furniture is awesome.  Very comfy dining chairs that is unlike most restaurants because I would always rather have booth seats, but this restaurant did well to make every table awesome.  And the food was memorable enough for me to write a review.  It did not matter if it has Gordon Ramsy's name on it or not, the Burger was awesome and had culinary attributes.  This burger definitely tasted better than any chain restaurant burger and alot more memorable.  So the slightly higher price was worth it, but since all food in Vegas is expensive and you could easily pay $10+ for a quick lame burger at some quick food spot by a hotel pool, I think this place was a good value.  Burgers here are only around $15, but it will  taste alot better than any burger you order for room service or by the hotel pool.  2 burgers & sharing 1 fries with my friend (2 people) came out to $41.  Yeah that might sound expensive for burger & fries, but for a culinary experience to experience great food in an awesome environment it's a great value.   At around $20 a person, I think it's a good value especially that we were eating on the Las Vegas strip.  For a Las Vegas restaurant that will provide an actual experience, this is probably one of the coolest restaurants you will spend less money at.
5	Had the Hells Kitchen burger, beat burger I've ever had hands down. Good beer selection too, though I do wish it was a little more well rounded and offered a stout, a porter and a barleywine. But what they did have was pretty good.There was a bit of a wait to get in, but it moved pretty quickly. Once we were seated the service was stellar. Our waitress Tammy was great. Will definitely be back.
5	The second best burger I've had in my life! It's worth the long wait (hour and half) next to the broiler wall (what's that about? But it looks cool.) Worth the annoyance of underhanded theatrics where some people blatantly circumvent the line and bribe the hostess for prime seating (and she accepts the corrupt incentive), worth the slow service (where did our server go, is he even on duty anymore)...But boy, is it worth that atmosphere. All that frustration and vexations for a burger that when you bite into it you can't even begin to speak because of it's hold on your taste buds. You're lucky, the food is divine or this would be a back handed review.
4	Not very please with the service of the restaurant. The wait is incredibly long even after you sat down and It took a while to take down our orders. All which is understandable, but I was baffled when we were about to get seated, a couple paid the hostess money to get seated right away instead of waiting the hour that we did. Wouldn't expect that from the service of a Gordon Ramsey Restaurant. Food on the other hand was great! Got the hell's kitchen burger, buffalo wings, truffle fries and shake number five which was coffee and chocolate pudding. ALL DELICIOUS. The shake was incredible, nothing tasted so sweet and wonderful, it was like a party in my mouth. The burger had a good heat to it and was cooked perfectly. The truffle fries are so good especially with the red sauce which is a little like marinara sauce.
5	I dream of this place at least once a month. AT LEAST. Lucky for me I somehow end up in Vegas. Jalapeno popper - Love them. Spicy with cheddar ranch to dip into, yum! Also, there's always the "extra spicy" one. My friends and I think it's fun to try and figure out who got it. Hell's Kitchen burger - UGH, my mouth is watering. The grilled jalapeno can be a little spicy ; beware. I asked for the jalapeno on the side the last time I had it. Farm Burger - SOOOO good. You can't go wrong with egg on a burger.Shake #5 - The only shake I ever get. Chocolate / Hazelnut pudding on top of coffee shake?! I mean, it's heaven.I LOVEEEEEE THIS PLACE.
3	Dining paradise in Vegas! Besides buffet and fine dining, there are so many good restaurants on the strip.  I would say Gordon Ramsay burgr is one of them!In order to avoid the line up, we went to there at 6ish.  Still have lined up when we arrived!  After 20 mins wait, we got seated.  Gordon Ramsay posters and TVs are at every corner.The music and background was so loud! May be we're too old for that... so we only ordered 2 burgers, finished and left right the way!Mushroom burger -  the mushrooms were so favorable and patty was cooked medium rare.  The meat still juicy inside and the bun was fresh! Hell's kitchen burger - avocado, oven roasted tomato and medium patty also cooked perfectly. Both burgers were huge, we just barely able to finish it.  We need bigger stomach for fries and shakes next time!
5	Best burger I've had yet! I had the farm burger which comes with "duck bacon" that didn't sound too good, but was 100% delicious bacon. Fried egg need i say more?  The truffle fries where great with the house ketchup, but the truffle sauce was heavy and taste like mayo
5	A burger that is as simple and delicious as it sounds. If you want a classic burger they have it. If you want an off the wall burger they have it. Truffle fries!
5	Juicy burgers with sesame buns! It's delicious even as a to go cold burger, still tasty! You have to get the truffle fries with the aioli sauce! I never had thick truffle fries. I definitely say with thicker cut fries yoy can taste the truffle better. So delicious! Will come back again!
5	The truffle fries and poppers are super yummy. I would totally go back and service was fantastic and they played awesome music.
3	Reviews and pictures for this place looked amazing so we decided to order take out from this location (and very convenient since we were staying at Planet Hollywood. it's in the casino).You can only place takeout orders in person so we did. The hostesses were SUPER nice and accommodating. Even with a long line of people.Picked up our food after 20 min. Burgers were sadly mediocre. I didn't get that wow factor. Just your standard burger with fancy ingrediants. Got the Farm Burger with Duck bacon and fried egg.The parm truffle fries were pretty good. LOVED the truffle aioli dipping sauce. My fav part of the whole meal.For the amount of money we spent, I woudln't get a burger from here again.
5	I didn't know what to expect, but boy was I happy!! My bff and I sat at the bar after a 15 minute wait. They estimated 25 min, which I didn't mind. I got the Truffle Paresian Fries with the Hog Burger! It made me want to slap my momma!!! DELICIOUS!!
5	It was by far the fanciest burger place I had ever been to. The line was ginormous but I'm happy to say, it was worth the wait. The burgers were pricey, but that was to be expected before I even sat down. fries are not served with the burgers, you have to buy those separately, which one order can easily feed 2 or 3. The apple pork burger was unlike anything id ever tasted before.  Though I did not have the appetite to order them, the desserts on the menu looked great also.This place is great if you are looking for a unique and somewhat upscale dining experience. they even let you keep the menu as a souvenir.
3	We ordered onion rings and truffle fries for appetizer. Onion ring was a little greasy but the batter is flavorable; on the other hand, truffle fries was much better.Mu friends ordered burger coming medium. They said the meat was not dry but not that kind of watery juicy. I didn't try anyway.I ordered soba noodle. I put the dressin on the side. Honestly, I don't like that peanut dressing. It's too thick for me and just like peanut butter.Soba was overcooked. A little disappointed because i love al dente texture.However, the dish overall was not bad sinceI like its mild flavor.
3	It was good, after visiting Gordon Ramsays Steak at the Paris, I was expecting this burger to blow me off my seat like at his other restaurant, but it was just a decent burger, nothing to get off your seat and yell "Oh MY GOD" over. Their sticky toffee pudding push up pops, MUST TRY!!!
4	Yum. The first time we tried to go here there was like an hour wait. No thanks. But the second time was around 11a or 12p and we got in no problem. The waitress outfits were a lil Star Trek hooch, but the guys got to wear cute GR jeans and some shirts. Shade. But our waiter was a cutie. Anyway, I got the American burger and split some Parmesan truffle fries with my friend. The sauce was interesting and the fries were good. The ketchup was definitely housemade and it was ok, but there was some stronger flavor in it like horseradish or something that I wasn't all that fond of. But my burger was perfectly done (med well), seasoned perfectly and had a nice little char on it. It was pretty big so a couple of us couldn't finish the burger in one sitting. It made for a great room temp late night drunken munchie snack though (we didn't have fridges in our room at PH, so if you get food poisoning from lack of refrigeration don't blame me). Everyone in my party seemed to enjoy the food. Love my Gordon.
3	BURGR still had a line at 9:30pm, but because I love Gordon Ramsey I had to try! 3 stars is an accurate reflection of my experience. The burgers were tasty, onion rings okay, and coffee shake very yummy.  I would definitely recommend getting the euro burger (aioli spread, roasted tomato, and goat cheese)
5	This review is for a visit when my family and I went to Las Vegas to attend a wedding back in March of this year.  AS a burger fan, I always like trying new places out, especially in Sin City, where the eateries are as abundant as the slot machines and paid escorts.Gordan Ramsay BurGR is located in side Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino.  Watching Hell's Kitchen in the past, I was always curious if Mr. Mean Chef lived up to his high expectations.  BurGR did just that.My sister and I went here for lunch while our parents went out to the casino.  There was a line, but it didn't take us too long to be seated.  Once seated inside you notice how modern the restaurant is, coupled with simple color accents or orange and brown.  Nice touch.  The table servers were pretty cool, as the male servers were dressed in all black, while the female servers were very attractive wearing one piece short dresses.My sister and I opted to try out the Farm Burger.  The burger features a beef patty with sharp cheddar cheese, duck breast bacon (YES, duck!) and a friend egg on a sesame seed bun.  I was skeptical at first, as I am not too big into duck, but this burger was FANTASTIC!  Full of flavor, the duck didn't taste gamey, and was juicy and cooked with quality ingredients.  No complaints here!The side were just as phenomenal as the burger.  BOTH the onion rings and fries were cooked to a crispy, golden brown, and topped with shredded parmesan cheese.  The equalizer?  The ranch dip had cheddar cheese mixed into it!  All these great flavors played off each other, creating a fabulous food medley!I would go back here again to try out the other burgers.  A cool touch was there was a photographer who took our picture and gave it to us - I thought it was cool!  Good thing I said something before the picture letting him know I was with my sister haha.  The only gripe I had about my visit was that a random table server accidentally spilled water on my shoulder.  No big deal, as it was just water.  If it was something else, I would've demanded to see Gordon himself!!!  Fellow Yelpers, try out this place before you blow all your money on the tables and slots!!!
2	Just soo salty... The wait was 20 min but there were soo many empty tables inside. There were large groups and pairs but we were all seated as we were lined up... Which does not make sense in anyway. We ordered the Hell's Kitchen and the farm burger and sweet potato fries. Again burger was sooo salty. We loved the sauce of the sweet potato fries but the fries were half soggy and half crispy. ::sigh::: I wanted to like this place so much...I m just so disappointed. HIGHLY not recommended but you guys will try it anyways. :)
3	The burger was good but I've had better.  I guess I expected more since this is their specialty.
5	EuroBurgr, one of THE best burgers I've had in my life!!! Delicious. Get it medium rare, if not, you don't understand food. But try! Pink beef is good.
1	ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING!!!!Hygiene,  hygiene,  hygiene! I'm writing about the horrific hygiene at this place.   One of the servers was putting on her lipstick and lip liner at the hostess/check in station,  handles plates and silverware.  I'm walking to our table I see another lady sneeze into her hands with both hands cupped.  Didnt wash her hands, just started fixing her her eyeliner with her finger tips.   I told my wife, "oh my gosh  hope this person isn't serving peple", and then she walks up to our table and introduces herself stating that she will be our waitress.   I was literally sick to my stomach. I asked to see the manager, and about 10 minutes of waiting told him the deplorable practices I observed, and left. I wish good old Gordon was there to throw a fit!!!Stay away if you value your health!
4	Had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and added an egg on top.  It was delicious.  I think I like Burger Bar, at Mandalay better, and I'm usually not a big fan of Gordon Ramsay.  This was a good burger though.  I easily ate the whole thing.  That with a couple of the many beers on tap, made for a great meal!We also ordered some sweet potato and regular fries.  They came out hot and crispy.  Service was also good.  No problems and everything went smoothly.The main reason that BurGR is 4 stars and not 5 is because there was nothing overly special.  The food is expensive for a burger, but it is a good burger and was worth it.  I did want dessert after the meal, but when the waitress brought the dessert menus, I realized that it was just the 4 milkshakes that I saw on the menu earlier.  In addition, they also do not serve any coffee after dinner.  That was a bit of a pain.  I'm slightly confused why they even offer "dessert."  Overall, good meal, and i'm sure i'll be back one day...
4	My BF and I decided to grab a quick bite somewhere and ended up here at BurGR, since we were staying at Planet Hollywood anyways. There were plenty of seating around 3PM and the restaurant was quite empty, but the hostess still made us wait 5 minutes. Lol! Anyways, our waiter was really attentive and quick. They have the coolest menus ever! It's folded on top of your napkin, and once you open it, there's a picture of Gordon Ramsay. You can also keep the menu as a souvenir too! The drinks are all on the Ipad. We ordered the Hog Burger which consisted of mangalitsa pork, cheddar, arugula, and maple butter. The meat was juicy! However, the burger was lacking in flavor. We also ordered the Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings and it was heaven! They give you two dipping sauces- chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch!
4	Killa burger and fries.... Nice decor and scene... Plenty of flames !! Pricey but hey its Vegas
5	Best burgers in Vegas! Be sure to try the Hog burger, it's amazing. Best of all, the waitresses are HOT.
5	BEST BURGERS IN VEGAS!!!!!! I wish they would open one in Florida! The line wasn't that bad! If your eating somewhere that has a long line it's gotta be good!  Our server was awesome, Very quick and funny! We got our menus and ate with our eyes. Everything looked so good. We had just landed from a 4 hour foodless flight so we were hungry! I ordered  the American burger. My husband ordered the uber burger and we also decided to get the fries and onion rings! The onion rings came to our table very quickly and where gone even quicker! THE BEST ONION RINGS I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!!!!! They had a generous amount of Parmesano-reggiano sprinkled on them and  some chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch dip that tasted like sour cream and cheddar chips when you dipped them in it! Soooooo goooood!!!!! Our burgers were next and they where beautiful! I had to try to figure out how I could take a bite of it and get everything on the burger in my mouth at once! It was sooooo good! The meat was cooked perfectly the toppings tasted like they where just picked off the farm! We where soo full that we had to take the fries to go! Everything was so good! We had a lot of good food while we were in Vegas. We don't gamble so we were there for the shows and the food! We splurged on our meals because we wanted the best and we got it! Burgr was Definitly in the top 5 places we have EVER eaten at!
5	British Chefs - 1. American Chefs - 0.Way to go Gordy for beating America at their own game. Pow, tough blow. Sorry!Ok, joking aside... wow! Hubby and I have been wanting to visit BurGR for quite a while and the wait was totally worth it. Our first night in Vegas with family visiting from England we brought them here and everybody left happy. The Burger choice that dominated our party of 5 was the Farm BurGR (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=qVxHqHL_R796u5QSvF6yww&userid=wwmJ56OlvMC_Z8llXTd6mA#qVxHqHL_R796u5QSvF6yww) - $15. Duck Breast Bacon, English Sharp Cheddar and a Fried Egg, oh my! I'm not usually one to have Fried Egg's on well anything really but what a combination. With the Burger cooked medium everything worked in perfect harmony. The Egg was perfect, the Beef was perfect and the Cheddar.. Omigosh REAL Cheese!! I'm getting excited just thinking about it. Honestly the best Burger I have had and I have tried a lot in the last 4 years. Doesn't it look gooood? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=qVxHqHL_R796u5QSvF6yww&userid=wwmJ56OlvMC_Z8llXTd6mA#TEjwrTxroAEuQetkvvbq_Q- Fries (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=qVxHqHL_R796u5QSvF6yww&userid=wwmJ56OlvMC_Z8llXTd6mA#f3JKGLIzBcGQ8WBlHkvXJg) - $8. Served with Curry Ketchup & Chipotle Ketchup. The Curry Ketchup was delicious but the Fries themselves really were nothing special, just your average deep fried Potato. You could omit these from your meal and not miss them. The Milkshakes here are delicious too, more of a Dessert than a Milkshake due to the layer of Pudding on the top of them. My Husband and I decided to share one during our first visit and enjoyed it so much we ended up coming back the following night just so that we could have another. They do take a while to arrive though, probably due to the complexity of making them.- Shake #4 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=qVxHqHL_R796u5QSvF6yww&userid=wwmJ56OlvMC_Z8llXTd6mA#3ESC7tVlSjesQ7UnKDuGRw) $9. Oreo Shake topped with Creme Brulee Pudding, whipped Cream and an Oreo Cookie. Get this one! Seriously. Of the 2 I tried this was by far the best and although Creme Brulee and Oreo together seemed a little wrong to me it turned out to be oh so right.- Shake #2 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=qVxHqHL_R796u5QSvF6yww&userid=wwmJ56OlvMC_Z8llXTd6mA#beA0lKBsYSIdxqCK8lp5Qw) - $9. Strawberry Shake topped with Coconut Pudding and a Chocolate Cookie.Service was fine, efficient but not amazing but once your food arrives who needs someone coming around every 5 minutes checking up on you anyway.*TIP*Very little wait on a Wednesday evening - 6:30pm, 5 people = 10 minutes!
4	As you walk toward BurGr you'll see a line out the door! Don't walk away and think it's not worth the wait! Get in that line and get ready for a gastro-yummified FEAST! We ordered the Chanterelle burger, The Blue burger and The American. We also ordered 1 order of Onion rings & 1 order of the Parmesan truffle fries- these were amazing! The onion ring garlic aoli was better than the rings themselves. They were cool to touch when they came out. The portions on the fries and onion rings were enough for the 3 in our party to share. We had lots leftover. The burgers were Amazing! The buns had black sesame seeds and were perfectly toasted. My Chanterelle had an onion marmalade and Arugula on it. I ordered it medium and it came out perfectly cooked. My sisters Blue burger had Maytag blue cheese and Arugula. Good, I've had better though. Not enough Blue for me.  The American was very good too. Just boring for my taste but my other sister enjoyed it. I also had a better than Starbucks cup of coffee which sounds weird but is totally true. All said I would definitely go back to eat here again. I didn't even mind paying the $89 tab after that wonderful meal! Yum!
5	BurGR has the absolute best burgers by far. I loved the food here. The meat was so fresh, juicy, and generously portioned. However,what made this the best burger I've ever had??? The bun!!! I don't know what they do to their buns, but they tasted buttery and slightly crispy, they were perfect. The bun completes the perfection of the burger. The time that we went we didn't have to wait, but I know there generally is a pretty decent wait! Wait, beleive me it is so worth it!!!!!!
5	I love all the different combos of flavors and the prompt service is amazing every time i go there even though they were busy as heck we were seated within minutes. im not a fan of goat cheese i am always getting to tangy of a flavor but this goat cheese burger was sooooo good really creamy and smooth with subtle tangy-ness that slowly builds and the meat is so juicy cooked medium and perfect.
5	Delicious!!! Got the Gordon Burger. Perfectly cooked. Good Job Christina! She even took a moment to take a picture with the kids!
2	I can vouch for some one else's comment about hygiene as our server spent most of her time playing with her hair, running her hands through it etc before handing us our plates....not really what I would expect in any restaurant to be honest.There is absolutely no organisation to the queue to be seated so there were people stood everywhere and you didn't know who was waiting to be seated or even seen to.We were told there would be a 2 minute wait despite the fact there were loads of empty tables and servers stood around doing nothing.The food tool ages to arrive and once it did it was cold, our server didn't even bother to come back and check if our food was OK!My husband ordered the Parmesan truffle fries and it was like eating a bucket of salt.We ordered a chocolate and caramel milkshake for dessert, the milkshake part was nice but the caramel on top was tasteless. All in all I wouldn't bother eating here again. Burger probably would have been nice if it was actually hot but the rest of the food and service was utter tosh.
4	Just had the Hells Kitchen burger and it was AWESOME.Service is cute but Not overly attentive- it's Vegas, what do you expect!!Burger was literally, mouth watering.  Killed some sweet -potato fries with jalepeno aioli...Seriously.  A delicious burger, after leaving Guy's place up the street for a REAL burger !!!!F donkey sauce in it's ear!
4	I'm a Gordon Ramsay fangirl as much as the next person, and after a good experience at Steak this was next on my list to try. Prior to seeing the O show, BF and I came here for dinner on a Friday night- not thrilled that they don't take reservations so the line wraps around the corner for a predictable 30 minute minimum wait. But the hostess was super sweet and the wait went fast.BEER BATTERED MAUI ONION RINGS: The cheddar-ranch dip made this dish for me, but wasn't enough to save the rings for my guy, who felt they were overly breaded and not crispy enough. Wouldn't get again but loved the sauce.HELL'S KITCHEN BURGER: asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno pepper, avocado, and oven roasted tomato. Looked a bit more delicious than it actually tasted, the jalapeno is a kick in the mouth that is quickly quelled by the cold, creamy avocado and roasted tomato. Wish it came with more than one roasted jalapeno, the first bite of combined flavors was best, the rest only had one or two of the featured ingredients and came off as bland.FARM BURGER: duck breast bacon, english sharp cheddar, and a fried egg. The egg makes this, but everyone else seems to say the bacon makes it. I'm not a huge bacon fan but expected to be converted by this one. Not so much. Egg yolk plus medium-rare burger was delish, cheese flavor was lost and overpowered by the other ingredients.TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES: After the 'rings ordeal, I didn't think we needed another side but BF insisted. The order is enormous and even with our large appetites we did not come close to finishing. The truffle parm and truffle salt don't hold a candle to the amazing truffle aioli. SHAKE #5: coffee shake, chocolate pudding, "praline cookie". Served in one giant glass with two wide boba-style straws, this was a tasty treat. Liked that it wasn't super sweet. Praline cookie is more of a wafer without much flavor.  OVERALL:  Food didn't quite live up to the hype: bummed there isn't a mushroom burger with cheese on the menu, but for the two burgers we did order, the cheese was understated with both. Would customize a burger on a future visit, subbing chantrelle mushrooms for the tomato on the Euro burger. Rounding up for quality, as the actual beef was by far the best burger I've had in a damn long time.Shout out to the hostess, who was super sweet, brought out a menu to view while in line, was the first of two staff to recommend the HK burger we ended up getting.
3	Three of us decided to dine at BurGR since we're all fans of Gordon Ramsay and were in the mood for some good burgers. Staff was friendly and courteous.  They seemed a little occupied with flirting with one another. We notice a few of them checking their personal mobile phones multiple times within the 1.5hrs we were there. The cocktail drinks were very flavorful and fun. For our meal we had:1) the truffle fries, which were perfectly done and accompanied with 2 house dipping sauces...yumm, 2) Hells Kitchens burger which was very tasty, 3) American Burger which was also perfectly done and flavorful and 4) the Damnation Chicken burger. The chicken burger was very disappointing. The description on the menu failed to state that the chicken meat was ground meal vs a solid chicken breast. This was a major challenge for me and very unpleasant as I am NOT a fan of ground meats. I am very specific about texture and quality of the protein i consume, nevertheless, I ate the burger. It was very well seasoned and cooked however it was very difficult getting passed the ground meat texture in my mouth :(   I am a big fan of Gordon Ramsay and felt a little uncomfortable returning my order especially since the other 2 individuals loved their orders. That really ruined the dinner experience for me and it changed my impression of GR, a 'perfectionist'. Just wish the menu had specified the ground meat element of the chicken.
5	Sat at the bar...bartenders were cute and attentive. I ordered "The Hog Burger" which was phenomenal.  Juicy, with a bit of sweetness from the Apple butter. I also ordered the truffle parmesan fries with the truffle ailoi...delicious, generous on the parmesan. I also washed it all down with the "#4" shake which is creme brulle pudding, oreo shake, and oreo cookie. To top it all off my burger was personally brought out by Hell's Kitchen winner, Christina Wilson. Great experience overall, great food,  second time dining here.
3	Had the Britannia burger it was good.the place was a little loud. Server was knowledgeable about items they offered.I would go back again!
4	The wait in line annoyed me for a burger joint GR or not however the customer service made me forget it . I ordered a basic american straight to the point and burger out. I probably should have been a lot more wild in my selection my onion rings never showed but my helpful server took them off my bill and apologized no biggie my fries were enough to share so I was happy to save some money.  On the real our server Matt was beyond exceptional and my Ice Tea was the best I have ever had.  Pretty cool tourist experience.  The flavor ketchups were the cherry on the sunday.
2	For a man that's so popular on television, Gordon got it wrong. The asian dishes on the menu can't compete with China town. The burgers were ehh. I am reviewing this place based on worth and price. It's not worth eating here and spending so much money for the 'experience'. Go down to the linq and find you Fuku burger. Just sayin.
4	Food was amazing!! Staff was very friendly too. Wait time was pretty long tho, my only complain.
4	Good burgers but even greater fries and sauces. I didn't like the chicken burger but farm burger and the hog burger (?? The signature one) were both good. Love the sauces with the sweet potato fries and truffle Parmesan fries! Will be coming back for these!! The sticky toffee pudding pops weren't as good as they're hyped up to be. Too milky for me. Attentive service!
5	Greatest burger in the history of man! Drinks were phenomenal (we ordered then all) and service was outstanding! Try to get on the list atleast an hour prior to when u want to eat
5	The food here is awesome! Had the burger and it was definitely the best burger I've ever had. The fries...OMGAH the fries were the best especially with the sauce. I will never forget this place.
4	This was the second time that went Burgr. The first time was just okay. I went such a long time ago that I don't remember much of anything. This review consists of my visit on Sunday 9/21. I had a great experience. We arrived at 12pm, and there was no wait. We were seated immediately, and a server came immediately to bring an ipad with cocktails we would be able to order. There were technical difficulties with the ipad, which we didn't mind since we weren't interested in drinking. We all ordered the farm burger because it looked the best. I didn't like the last burger that I had, while this one tasted delicious. It was a burger with duck bacon and an egg. I asked for mine to be medium, but I felt like it was more medium rare. I'm not much of a steak fan, so I don't prefer the taste of beef/steak so much. The duck bacon and the egg mixed really well, so it was absolutely delicious! The egg was cooked medium, do when I cut my burger, the egg just spilled onto the plate. Sadly, I lost a lot of my yolk, but that's the price I had to pay. :( The duck bacon was thicker than normal bacon, but it was absolutely delicious. My friend ordered Truffle Fries which were much thicker than I expected. I actually don't like the taste of truffle and I don't know why people put it in everything. But, that's just my opinion. They did sprinkle the fries with some sort of cheese which I did like. They make their own dipping sauces- one of which was ketchup and I forgot the other one. The ketchup tasted sweet and reminded me of tomato juice.  The service was spot on. The waitress kept coming over to refill drinks whenever they got low. The waiter brought out our check and when my friend presented her total reward card, he quickly brought her out a new tab. The only problem I had was the wait for the burgers was super long. It took quite a while for us to get our food. Other than that, great burger and great service.
5	Love this place!!! Yummy food!!! And a vegan can eat here too.  The staff is very responsive to special request to plant based healthy eating.  The cocktails are amazing and my husband love the beer list.  The service was awesome!!!!
3	my poppers were 50% smaller than the picture posted on yelp and not as good as the first time I had them :(  I also ordered the fish burger because when I was in london I had fish and chips at his restaurant and they were amazing. The fish was soggy on the bottom with the cooking oil soaking into the bun, the dill tarter sauce was flavorless and bland it even lacked salt. Pretty sad compared to my first visit I won't be back...too many other outstanding restaurants in vegas!
4	Not a huge burger fan, but a fan of GR. First time here, it didn't disappoint.Taste is 3-4 stars to me and extra star earned for the service, decor, and the experience.Several signature burgers to choose from. The chanterelle burger has figgy-onion jam with arugula. This pretty must sums my taste buds so it worked out. The patties tasted nothing more than beef with salt and pepper. I suppose the toppings make the burger.Decently sized.Truffle parm fries were good, however, I found myself dipping the fries in the house ketchup more than the truffle aioli. Hmmm. It's a cute, fun place to experience. You also get to keep the menus as souvenirs. Ramsey thought this one out..as I wanted to 5 finger discount it when I first saw it!I wouldn't make it my first choice to come back here when in town. Then again, I'm not burger fan.
5	If you want a taste of celebrity chef food with a price anyone can afford, I'd highly recommend this place.  We had a group of maybe 10 people.  We saw the long line of people waiting to get in for dinner and inquired at the host stand.  We were going to have a long wait for a table that size, but we wouldn't have to stand in line any longer, they'd text us when they were ready, and we were free to gamble and drink elsewhere in the casino while we waited.Roasted Jalapeno Poppers 5/5 - Best I've had.  Each are good sized and come in their own shot glass with dipping sauce.  I'm glad I tried these.Truffle Parmesan Fries 4/5 - Pretty good, plenty of them, easy to shareFarm Burger 5/5 - Duck Breast Bacon, Sharp English Cheddar, Fried Egg...that truly says it all.
4	I love the food here. One of my favorite burger places. I've eaten here several times. Besides the burgers; the gourmet dogs, the onion rings, and the jalapeno poppers are awesome. Huge selection of beers on tap. Service and ambiance are mostly top notch. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars (I'd give it 4 1/2 if I could) is sometimes the bartenders are not that attentive. Other times they are great!
5	My husband and I split a farm burger and sweet potato fries and were completely full! The burger was delicious and the fries were really good as well! We even got to see Hell's Kitchen winner, Christina who is the head chef there now! It was very exciting since we are big fans of Ramsey and his shows!
3	Three stars for the following reasons, I'd do 3.5 if I could: fries were not great, tough and almost cold, we were there late at night so they could have been older but I expect more from a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. Another point detracted for the noise - this casino is LOUD with loud music pumping through the lobbed and the restaurant is smack dab in the middle with nothing done to tone down the loud outside music. Now the good: this is a great burger. Great. I had the American, the meat is flavorful and clearly above average quality. Loved the cheese on this, it wasn't fake tasting and was perfectly melted. Condiments complimented rather than competed with the meat and cheese. GET A SHAKE! It is the best thing there, just wish there were a spoon with it to eat the delicious pudding off the top. A very unique and delicious shake experience.  The ketchup with the fries:  loved the chipotle, despised the curry. Just my personal opinion. Service was great, attentive and friendly with water glasses refilled instantly despite the place being packed close to midnight. All in all a good dining experience but not as mind blowing as I would expect from a perfectionist chef.
4	Pretty tasty food. I had the Hell Kitchen burger with truffle fries. The burger was good. I didn't feel like I needed to add anything to it, but the peppers could have been hotter.  The bun, was fantastic and made this burger stand out over many others. The truffle fries were ok, but not out of this world. I kind of wished I had some normal ketchup as opposed to the fancy, but slightly odd tasting gourmet ketchup.I will probably come back to this restaurant again someday.
4	Awesome food, but Ramsay really won't put his name on anything less.  Burgers are well worth everything, I've been there twice and tried one pork and one normal.  My friend's pork he claimed was overcooked, but I thought mine was excellent.  Fries are interesting and out of the ordinary.  I'm not really sure why they have a wait most of the time, they don't fill all the seats all the time, maybe it's to feel more "exclusive."  Wait staff is pretty solid and attentive, but the (female) outfits are awesome.  I want to get my girlfriend one...
5	Holy crap, awesome doesn't even begin to describe it.  We only waited 15 minutes in line, but it would've been worth a 2-hour wait, easily.  The parmesan truffle fries and accompanying aioli will change your life.
5	Got here about 10 minutes before open and were second in line. By the time they opened on Saturday morning there were about 20 behind us.  Since we got in so early chef Christina ever so graciously allowed us to get a picture. I ordered the gordon which is not on the menu, ground pork and bacon with avocado, bacon and cheese. My girlfriend got the farm burger. Enough fries to easily split for two.  Gordon burger was phenomenal as was the bite of the farm burger I got which I think has an egg on top.  The waiter asked for how to cook my burger and I responded that I didn't know pork burgers had an option. Regardless both burgers were incredible but I wasn't blown away by the ketchup options, curry ketchup and honey I believe. My brother raved about the ketchup but it's not for me.  Burgers were around $14 to $18.  Great place overall but come early or expect to wait an hour or more.  Also I'd skip the fries at $7 and try the jalepeno poppers instead.
4	I saw this establishment when I flew in for work and was looking for some burgers for dinner. Turned this app on and Viola!! BurGR, by Gordon Ramsay. So we give it a go.Fries are out of this world!!! Specially the Truffle fries. The burgers were good, but isn't the best I've ever had. Sorry guys. That being said, I would probably come back here to try the other burgers or maybe some of the appetizers. They look amazing. (",) happy eating!!!
2	Don't go if you're vegetarian/vegan. The meatless/portebello burger has good flavor but does not hold together. It's not put together well it greatly takes away from the experience. The fries were cold and hard like they'd been sitting for quite some time. Service was not so good either. No thanks.
5	Amazing! Great tasting food full of flavored. The service was great and the food was truly great. The price is fair for the quality that you get. I will be going back, I recommend the truffle fries and uber cheeseburger.
4	Came here for dinner with my bf because the truffle fries and pudding shakes were highly recommended to him.  We were not disappointed!  We also had the Farm Burger and I forgot which hamburger my bf got, but everything was delicious!  The truffle fries were crisp and absolutely heavenly.  My burger was piled high, and the fried egg just made it that more delicious!  I made sure to save room for the pudding shake, which we shared.  We had the chocolate hazelnut coffee shake and I was surprised how good it was. Not overly rich or sweet.  A must try!!
5	Well you just have to try somewhere with the name Gordon Ramsey on it, even if they can't spell burger!  And try it you well should because it's darn good!This has a modern and relatively pleasant interior.  The menu design is amazing, anyone opening it is just stunned, you see it on everyone's faces.  In some ways it's a bit much, this is not your moms burgr place!However food is of course the main thing of importance.....I got the special Gordon Burger.  I felt this to be an original name for a special in a, well, Gordon Ramsey burger place.  Duck bacon, pork burger. Real English cheddar, arugula lettuce, avocado, peppers. Delectable and I mean one of the best burgers I've ever had, the duck bacon is just awesome and flavorful beyond belief, but the whole combination is true bliss - mind blowing!Side of onion rings - best I've ever had, thank you England!  Great ketchup too as only is to be expected.  Hello, knock knock - great onion rings and awesome ketchup does it get better than this?Service too was pretty good, but I'd go for the food alone with this one.
5	Food was great.  Sweet potato fries were outstanding.  The chili dog was awesome.  Service great.
4	Sat at the bar, no complaints. The barkeep was attentive! Food came out quick! The truffle fries were amazing, the ketchup taste more like marinara sauce but it was good, the truffle dip was really great! Got the lamb burger it was exactly as described!
5	Oh my goodness, how do I not have a review for this place already? This is my favorite spot on the strip for burgers. The main reason that this spot up'ed Holsteins for me is that there's something special about the texture of their thick beef patties that almost has a melting effect once it hits your taste buds. I really don't know what it is and I would have never thought that it would make a difference but after coming here, both my boyfriend and I found ourselves looking for that texture and flavor in other burgers. Their brioche buns are amazing as well and also, all of their shakes have a pudding layer. So evil.BurGR faves:Chanterelle Burger-  chanterelle mushrooms, arugula, fig-onion jamFarm Burger- DUCK BREAST BACON (yes it's that good that it needs the caps lol), English sharp cheddar & fried eggEuro Burger- truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula, oven roasted tomatoes.Truffle fries & Sweet potato fries- I know that every burger place has these on their menu but it's BurGR's sauces that set them above the rest for me Shake #2: strawberry shake w/ coconut pudding + chocolate cookie. Heaven! Another thing to add, everytime I've come here the service is amazing. All of waiters/waitresses give the same extensive treatment of talking about their entire menu, giving recommendations and having the best attitudes. They are all also very quick without seeming rushed. There are not many places that I've been to where all of the staff members are on the same level of great quality service. Awesome training on management's part.The only thing I would mention, these ladies and gents need a new uniform!!!! It is the TIGHTEST (not in a good way) most unflattering uniform I have seen! You can see every little dent and fold on them lmao I feel bad for them! Haha But anyways, other than that, this place gets an A+ in my book! Can't wait to go back! :)
4	I have been here few times and had few of their choices.*lines are pretty long, but worth the wait.My favorite is the Euro burger adding an egg on it, Earth burger is pretty good too.They are very busy and the place is always completely packed up, compare to how busy they are they keep pretty high service standards and employees are pretty nice.Its not cheap for a burger, but you are in Vegas so its still cheap meal compare to most restaurants around..For a Burger plus french fries plus drink would run around $30 a person not including the tip.Ohhh the french fries very fresh as well and come with two delicious sauces.
5	Celebrating my boyfriend's birthday.!!! Today is Saturday 1:20pm. The wait line is long, we waited about 40 minutes in line. We had to try Gordon Ramsay burger! Worth the wait!! Yelpers gave great review so we had to try Gordon Ramsey's burger! We ordered the hog burger, the classic american, the famous truffles fries, sweet potato fries, and sticky toffee pudding push pops. OMG! It was the best burger meal we ever had! Cooked perfectly. The dessert made me feel like a child again! Nostalgic feeling! Everything delicious!! Great service!! On our bill there is an iphone attached to the bill to do a survey.
4	There seems to be a long wait and the prices are on the high side, but they had the best burgers I've ever had. The onion rings and sweet potato fries were also amazing as well as an attentive staff made this one of the best times I've had in Vegas.
1	This place should be called fries not Burgr my buddy and I had his chicken burgers they were both terrible ended up sending them back. My burger was suppose to be spicy with blue cheese and coleslaw the blue cheese over powered the burger and there was no spice to it. The only decent thing was the fries but even they had too much parm on them. Very disappointed with this restaurant.
4	Ever since being a fan of Gordon's shows, I've developed an interesting way I critique restaurants. I've never cared about presentation, or colors, or small menus, or POS systems, or uniforms, but thanks to GR I do. I am a pretty harsh critic and generally treat people the way Gordon does. I'm told that I'm nasty and no fun to be around and just a totally jerk. Gordon does the same and is a millionaire, go figure. Anyway, this place is pretty damn cool!  The entrance has a chic Burgr sign, surrounded by glass encased fire. A real spectacle. Normally I'd be embarrassed to get my large behind's photo taken in front of a burger joint, but everyone was doing it!  The line in front of the sign is long, and you can give them your number to text you when your table ready, a bit excessive to wait over an hour for a burger. Got our text and showed up for our meal. Sat down, waiter hands you an iPad to look through drink specials and the like. I ordered a squatters double IPA on draft so I was happy. Some party members got a blood orange cocktail and a skinny girl lemonade. High priced, but that's Vegas!Next we looked at our menus, why is Gordon's bust there engulfed in flames?  Why?  Pretty tacky, but the waiter said to keep them.  My girlfriend will like the souvenir, as opposed to the $25 tshirts they sell.  We ordered our meals. I started with Onion Rings as a "snack."  Just call them appetizers. Anyway, they were heavenly. I've never imagined a better onion ring. Hand battered, fresh cut, and the addition of Parmesan cheese was an incredibly nice touch. The ketchup and other dipping sauces were made in house and great as well. I ordered the farm burger, medium, also. It came out perfectly cooked, beautiful presentation, and tasted wonderful. The rest of the party were delighted with their selections as well.The only reason this isn't getting 5 stars is because, come on, it's a burger joint, and it has over an hour wait and comes out to around $50 per person with fries and a drink. That's just too expensive, even for Vegas. Will I return?  Hell yes, because I am a sucker and the food was damn good!Note: If someone is a member of total rewards, bring your card, if not sign up in Planet Hollywood first, it's $1 off each item per person, well worth it for 5 minutes to get a free card.
5	Great food, fun atmosphere, and excellent service.  Thank you Ms. Christina Wilson for taking time for some photos with our daughter Katie, making her your favorite shake, and personally delivering it to her!  What a fun experience. We will for sure be back upon our next visit to Vegas and highly recommend this place if you want a really yummy burger, appetizers, fries, and much more.
3	We were excited about having a good burger in Vegas... But alas this place wasn't the greatest for the Best Burger. Nevertheless, the burger was just ok. It was expensive for what you got, but then again it's Vegas right?? The milkshakes were awesome though! I would go just for the milkshake and the ability to watch football on one of their large screen tv's.Overall 2.5 stars but, milkshake brought it up to a 3. The ambience is fine. The drinks cold! The waitstaff nice. The service was fine as well. Our burgers were undercooked but they quickly remedied the situation.Probably will not return as there are way too many choices for a meal!
5	We went on a Saturday night, they don't accept reservations but you can put your name in and they will text you when your table is ready. Or you can wait in line. Our wait was about an hour, but we played roulette until it was ready. The burgers were excellent and the truffle fried were to die for. I had the American burger, yummy! The husband had farm burger and loved it. Be aware the fries are a lot, you cane easily share them. The waiters were nice and the ombiance was casual and nice.
5	Hands down the best burger I ever tasted ... I had ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and the truffle fries sooooo good ! Service was great . Better get there early because it will be a line outside the door . Great experience . I will be going back :)
4	First off the ambiance was breath taking without completely killing the wallet. The staff was amazing and professional. Be prepared to chose your favorites! The fries had 2 sauces, the onion rings had 2 sauces and every burger has a variety of toppings. There was quite a wait for a burger place but my husband and I understand cause after all it is a Gordon Ramsey restaurant; but that being said it was about a 30-45 min wait which really wasn't that bad. I would recommend the truffle parmesan fries which on there own is amazing but the sauces will make you keep eating when you're full.
3	I can't say anything stood out taste wise, but it was certainly pretty presentation. Honestly didn't even like the taste of my burger (I would say In&Out probably tasted better). I had a bite of the dirty dawg, it was good but way too salty. We ordered a few appetizers to share and they were good. But again, nothing super stood out where you couldn't get at your local diner. This is what we ordered:Wings: good, a lil spicy but good. Truffle onion rings: good. It didn't taste too truffle though. Sweet potatoes fries: okayAmerican burger with a fried egg on top: not too good. Dirty dawg: pretty presentation, a lil too salty.
4	Went here for dinner around 6:30-7PM. Short line for parties of 2 so we were able to get seated in about 20 minutes.We ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger, the Farm Burger, Truffle Parmesan Fries and the  Shake #5. Everything, especially the fries and shake, were so so so yummy! I would definitely recommend coming here for a casual dinner in Vegas.Minus 1 start because it took awhile to get our food after we ordered.
5	Delicious!  Will definitely be back on our next visit. Sad we waited so long to try it. Had the Hell's Kitchen burger and totally recommend!  Husband had the chili dawg...awesome and not what you think. Go for the truffle fries:)
5	I am a huge fan of Gordon Ramsey and pretty much watch all of his tv shows, so you can imagine my excitement to finally try some of his food. This was my girlfriends first time in Vegas we flew in early to do a little site seeing and then got to BurGR about 20 minutes before they opened, lucky for us the first ones in line, the line continued to grow until it was almost wrapped onto the casino floor. First impression was great, we were greeted by the 5 different hostesses working that morning and seated immediately upon opening. The server was very friendly and since we had been staring at the menu for some time we knew exactly what we wanted. I ordered the Farm Burger with duck breast bacon and a fried egg, my girlfriend ordered the Euro Burger with a sharing side of truffle fries. Wait time was minimal for our food and everything was cooked perfectly. The farm burger is by far the best burger that I have ever had, complimented with the delicious duck bacon I cannot imagine another burger tasting any better than this. The truffle fries and Euro Burger were also very good, we definitely got our money's worth. Side note the burgers are only 7 ounces but trust me when I say it will be plenty of food, I went into a food coma shortly after and had to walk around the strip to take off the extra weight. I come to Vegas about twice a year so I am hoping to experience this place again soon!
5	Best burger EVER! Had the Hell's Kitchen burger and Jalepeno Poppers. The poppers were really spicy ( and I like really HOT food) and I have not a single complaint about either one. Will probably be stopping by every time I'm in Vegas.
4	Believe what you've read about the wait. 25 minutes for a group of 3 on a Wednesday night. It was worth it.  The service was very good. Our server paid attention to refills and brought things out at the right times. I tried the onion rings, which really are as good as people say. They come with two sauces and the parmesan garlic one is great. I also had the Hells Kitchen burger. That was fantastic. I didn't finish it all because I wanted to try the fries (very good) and shared dessert with my table. We had the push up pop things, which are good and special because I've never had them anywhere else, but they were also not something I would order again. Their shakes are good. It was odd to see a layer of pudding on top, but it worked. I thought that the prices were reasonable for a celebrity chef's restaurant on the strip, about $14 or so for a burger.
5	The burgers were fabulous, the onion rings were out of this world and the service was terrific!  Lunch hour on a Monday the wait was only a few minutes and the first comment from the hostess was 'thanks for waiting'. Can't wait to return to try something else on the menu. Already recommended the restaurant to family and friends.  This is a MUST Burgr Experience!
4	Great Farm Burger, this is a must. Also the sweet potatoe fries are to die for...  they are AMAZING!!!!!!
5	Best BurGrs in town. It's a must go when in Vegas. The place is very hip and the entrance has a cool fire display that most people take pictures of.The food is amazing, the sweet potatoe fries and the truffle fries are the best you'll ever have. The prices are very average and way worth it.A must, must go if you've never been.
5	Been here twice and they never disappoint!   The chicken burgers and jalapeno poppers are so delicious.  I would come back again and again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	We were young and wild, there were three of us. The burger was good the bunn supirior and the onion rings were extravaganza. Waited 15 minutes to get a table,  the service was good but we could get the food a little faster. May god be with Gordon ramsushhh.
3	"Meh." That was my overall impression of the food. Living in Southern California has given me a lot of opportunities to eat gourmet and fast food burgers. I went in expecting Gordon Ramsay's burgers to blow my mind, but I was disappointed. The burgers weren't anything special and I don't see myself craving another one. The burgers we got were about $13-14, which is typical from my experience. Hell's Kitchen Burger was spicier than I thought it would be! I wouldn't recommend this to anyone that can't handle moderately spicy food. If you want fries, you'll have to order them on the side. The "Just Fries" are plain "fat/thick" fries that'll run you about $7-8. It comes with a spicy curry dip and and house made ketchup. In the house made ketchup you can really taste the brown sugar (yum). Again, the fries were "meh."However, the presentation and atmosphere of this restaurant made the dining experience was fabulous.
4	Had to stop by and get one of Gordon Ramsay's burgers since I was gambling in Planet Hollywood. The restaurant was very clean and it wasn't that busy because it was about 3pm. Since I was by myself I just sat at the bar where I was greeted right away and ordered a drink. From the menu I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger medium and it was awesome everything was perfect as far as the burger was concerned, everything tasted fresh. I also ordered the Just Fries that came with chipotle and curry ketchup. It was really hard to pick a favorite but I did like the chipotle one better. The one negative thing I will say about my visit was once I ordered my drink it was hard for me to get a refill the bartender basically ignored me. Overall though the price is fair for the burgers only wish I had more time because I would've gone back to try something else and I would recommend this place if u are in town.
5	I'm a big Gordon fan having eaten at his restaurants here in Vegas and in London. The quality level doesn't change regardless of location. This is hands down the best burgers in Vegas.
4	May have to wait but I have Seven Stars with Caesars. Get to cut the line and seated with priority. It took me a couple tries before I finally found the right burger for me.
5	Gordon Ramsey Resturant.Yes there was a line to get in, but it moved quickly.The staff was friendly and attentive.I went fancy when I ordered, American burger and fries. Was not able to finish all of it (fries) as there was a lot.  The burger, nothing  survived.  It was excellent.Priced a little high but worth the experience.Would definitely go back.
3	I had the Farm burger. Who can resist something that includes duck fat bacon?! It was good, but prepare yourself... The bacon is actually duck. So, while I was dreaming of crunchy bacon dipped in duck fat, what I got was soft, duck fat in bacon-like strips on top of my burger. Just Fries were delicious and one order is plenty for two, even three people. I topped it off with a chocolate carmel pudding shake. Good, but I like Holstein's shakes better.
1	This a bit of a let down Mr Ramsey! I Watch Your Show Religiously exspected a lot more. The service was terrible,  I decided to sit at the bar and ordered the lamb burger which set me back 19.00 bucks. I was shocked at the presentation when it arrived,  bland and boring nothing to it. Then the server who was tending to me ignored me during my entire stay. I needed some more ketchup and had to flag down a passing bust boy as I couldn't get the attention of my server.  Like I stated this was a big disappointment especially as I stopped by to eat here just before my flight back to new york.
2	Nothing special about these burgers. $14 for a cheeseburger.
5	Onion Rings. Firm, crisp, chefs / cooks KNOW how to batter-up som beautiful onion rings.  Best I've ever had.  Sit at the counter! Mike the bartender turned from what expected as just a meal, nto an experience, & converted me into a fan for life.  & his bar tending partner, Senya, busts it to churn out those drinks - both are masters of their craft.  I Vill Be Bock!
4	There was a short line to get in but it moves very quick. Once you get inside, the menu has excellent options. The burgers are  fantastic. I never tried the duck bacon before so that was an interesting touch. You will need to purchase french fries separately (and they are awesome) but there will be enough for 2-3 people. Defiantly going to go back.
4	The wait for this place was ridiculously long. I had to wait about 45 minutes just to be seated, then I have to wait another 40 minutes for my order. I ordered the Farm Burger, Truffle Parmesan Fries, and sweet potato fries. The house ketchup for the truffle parmesan fries was delicious! The farm burger was good but I expected more flavor. The sweet potato fries and their dipping sauce was great!
5	I will be dreaming of the food until I come back. Yuuum. The line to get in is intimidating. I'm not going to lie. I questioned whether or not we should wait an hour that was quoted to the people in front of us. BUT THERE IS A TRICK. Parties of two are sat VERY quickly. We waited in line for max 20 minutes. They have tons of two person seating areas and minimal larger group tables. Now for the good stuff. Our waiter, Christian was ON IT. He suggested the Hell's Kitchen burger and truffle fries. Ordered both plus the Yardbird burger. Everything was sensational. I ate the Yardbird. The chicken was THE GREATEST I have ever had. So soft and easy to bite into. The sauce on the burger was out of control, the bun was perfectly crisp, and everything was just on point. Truffle fries were AH-MAY-ZING. Real potatoes that were soft in the middle and crispy on the outside. The truffle aioli was so good, I could put that on everything. We would have had dessert but I was about to burst from fullness. We will be back every time we go to Vegas. Paid about $50 for two people. First got there at 9pm. Left at about 11:30pm. Pretty good pricing and meal timing for Vegas.
5	OK as big Burger fan, I have tried so many burger places.As of the moment i tried Gordon Ramsay's Burger, i am sure now this is the best i have ever tried in my life.When you have a chance to try this place don't be cheap and think about the money, you will have to try the delicious fresh burgers, with the Parmesan Truffle Fries that is much better than any other place i have tried it at (good size for sharing). At the end the Sticky toffee pudding pops is a must because you will never have something like this or close to it anywhere else.Try these three and then you will know what i am talking about.
5	Best burger I've ever had and best burgers on the strip! I'm very picky with my burgers but these are perfection! Everyone in my party of 8 were very happy with their meal. I loved it so much that I almost went there a second time during my trip to Vegas. I recommend getting the truffle parmesan fries with your burger..so good! I would also recommend the hummus and Maui onion rings for appetizers. The hummus is super fresh and unique tasting and the onion rings are to die for! Don't plan on being seated right away and they do not take reservations. You put your name in and they text you when your table is ready. In the mean time, you could walk around the miracle mile shops which are right next door or gamble a bit. The food is definitely work the wait!
4	For something different sit at the counter. Not the bar, the COUNTER. IT'S A WELL OILED MACHINE!. Here on a busy Saturday afternoon it was fun to see how professional and fast the staff was. Zigging and zagging... as if Gordon himself trained them,.. and yes, the Burgers are great!
3	Both the experience and food could have been better.Arrived a little past 9pm on a Friday. I was already expecting to wait so I wasn't too surprised when the host told us it would be about an hour. (I spent that hour on the slot machines. Shh..) Anyway, to get put on the list, you go straight to the host. Don't wait in that line, because that's for something else. We waited in that line for a little bit and was wondering why it wasn't moving or why nobody was coming up to get our information. There's a sign that says to do so but a lot of people could miss it if there's a long line.They texted us to come back to the restaurant, because our table was being prepared. We quickly ordered and received our food in a reasonable amount of time. They got our appetizers wrong, but they were happy to correct their mistake. We ordered regular fries and sweet potato fries. They were a little cold and the sauces weren't anything special. My party ordered the burgers and they were pretty good. Nothing memorable but not horrible either. I made the mistake of ordering the fish sandwich and it was not good at all. It was very greasy and leaves a disgusting taste in your mouth. After eating 1/3/ of my sandwich, I called it quits. I ended up letting my party try my sandwich in attempt to not waste as much food as possible. They weren't too happy either. After my attempt with the fish sandwich and sharing it with my party, 1/3 was still left. Boo.I'm glad I was able to try this place, but I don't think I'll be back. For me, it's a little overrated. Long wait for mediocre food. It's worth going to at least once though.
5	Epic! Barn burger with sweet potato fries cannot be missed! Need larger wine/beer list.
5	Customer service from our waiter was amazing, texting when your table is ready, awesome. Food, Delicious.We ordered the jalapeno popper shooters, and everyone had one of them. The sauce they were in and the jalapeno popper were amazing. Presentation was cool as well. Would definitely recommend getting these again.The milkshake we got, had like a super thick rich chocolate pudding on top? It was delicious.Also, the burger was super juicy and delicious. The waiter told us all the burger meat was soaked in butter prior to cooking, and that no matter what cook you get on your burger it would be moist. It definitely was. I had problems figuring out what I wanted, and he definitely had recommendations depending on mood.
4	Came here on a Saturday night for two and had a great experience.  My date and I waited for 30 minutes before being seated (not too shabby), and were served almost instantly.  I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger and my dated ordered the Farm Fresh Burger.  We also ordered Truffle fries.OverviewHell's Kitchen Burger- amazingly delicious, the right amount of spiciness, and comes with an egg.Farm Fresh Burger- only had one bite, but seemed a little heavy.  Didn't have any vegetablesTruffle fries- delicious, but I think overhyped.  They were $11 and seemed like typical french fries only with truffle seasoning on top.  I guess it would be good if you like truffle friesService and experience were amazing.  We ended up watching a UCLA football game on the screen and finishing in under an hour.  Quick, friendly, somewhat affordable. 4/5
4	Arrived around 8 and had to wait in line for 20 minutes which was odd because there were plenty of open tables. Not sure if they were understaffed or what the deal was. Food was awesome though! The Farm Burger is the best burger I've ever had! It's got a quail egg and duck bacon on top which makes for a delicious combination. The truffle fries were pretty good, not the best I've ever had. I'd say the service was above average and the staff was friendly and knowledgable. Highly recommend anyone else to try it out while in Vegas especially if you're looking for a good burger.
5	Another one of those things that I had to do because the wife loves Gordon Ramsay, and I'm not paying for the family to go to his steakhouse.  Anyway, about 15 people in line ahead of us for a late lunch, and the hostess said about 25 minutes.  Ugh - but it was only about 15 minutes.  Nice.  The menu is online so you know it's expensive.  About $12-16 for a burger.  Ordered burger and fries for everybody, but the waitress said most people end up sharing one order   - and she was right.  If you have a larger party, I recommend ordering all 3 fries - sweet potato, truffle parmesan, and plain fries and sharing, as each comes with its own delicious dipping sauces (honey jalapeno mayo and truffle aioli being my favorites.)  You can order the meat any way, meaning if you want a rare burger, they'll cook it.  It's a pretty casual place, located at the front of Planet Hollywood, so you don't have to walk through the casino if you're entering from the strip.  Hell's Kitchen burger had a nice kick to it, and I liked it better than the wife's Euro Burger (she loved hers though).  Service was good and if you watch any of GR's shows, you know you're pretty much guaranteed quality food and service.  Spent $105 before tax for 4 burgers, 3 fries, and 5 non-alcoholic drinks.
1	Just regular tasting burger but way too overpriced!  Long wait and it's not worth it.
4	Farmburger.  That's all I need to say.  I ordered that with a side of their truffle fries and my meal kept me satisfied all night.  That said, it's a good meal to have before you go out and drink!  I was on a good buzz all night.  I wasn't too full, and it didn't leave me feeling hungry too early in the night.For a big party, the staff was very accommodating and everything seemed to go smoothly.  There were a dozen of us out for a birthday but we got a table at a decent time.  I love that we can check in and get notified as to when to come back for our reservations.  It keeps us from having to wait in line and waste time in Vegas!!  I'd definitely go back.  The Ramsay restaurant is better than one I've gone to in LA.  The burger was worth the wait!
3	Good for the price. Farm burger: bun very good, meat itself could have used more seasoning, fried egg could've been less cooked. Overall burger a bit dry.Parmesan truffle fries: needed to be cooked more (needs more crisp!) overall taste really good! Especially with the garlic aioli. Best garlic aioli I've tasted!Hubby got the Hell's Kitchen. Delish and just the right amount of spice!
4	I had the Euro Burger, fantastic! Best burger I've had in a long time.  You could taste every element of the burger. The fries were not my favorite,  although real potatoes, they were very dry.
5	The onion rings were amazing.  The French fries and fish sandwich are good.  There was a wait but not to long for a party of two.
5	im vouching for an 8 man bachelor party. Best burger in town. Hands down. And Damn good coffee. Best part was our service. Our waitress,  Hillary, was one of our trip highlights. best service we recieved all weekend. Glasses full and kept us smiling. I would highly recommend anyone dinning at ramsey burgerto request hillary as your server. You will have a blast! Thanks Hillary!!
5	The food and drinks are delicious. I personally would recommend getting the popcorn as an appetizer . It was made to perfection!
4	The burgers at this joint is very good but I would say bachi burger is alittle better.  The meat is very juicy and cook to perfection.  Gordon Ramsey sure know how to make a very good burger.
2	With over 2000 reviews and a 4-star rating, my review will do little to impact the average. I'll still put in my two cents:After finishing the meal, my thought was that those giving Burgr 4* don't get around much. Maybe they live in a city with lousy food and this really mediocre burger is "the best ever".My first reaction to the menu was that I may come back. There are a lot of fun items on it in addition to the burgers. I ended up ordering the Farm Burger and the Aioli / Parmesan fries. This was on the strong recommendation of the server (and many reviews here). In the end: Ho-Hum cheese, ho-hum duck bacon, a fried egg that was over done ( the yolk should be runny and become like a sauce to the burger; it was fully cooked). Worse yet, my Medium-Rare burger came medium-well. I wanted to yell out "You Donkey! You overcooked the #@$%@ Burger". I dealt with it as unless something egregiously bad I don't like to send it back as I know it goes straight to the bin. The parmesan fries are large rectangular cut. The aioli was good, but that's hard to mess up. The fries were a bit chewy. Not crisp outside, soft inside as they should be. I get way better fries from fry trucks at home.I don't get the four stars. Even if the meat was done right, it would not have been great.
2	Sorry Chef Ramsay but please don't bloody yell at me but your gourmet burgers are overrated.  Wouldn't pay the price for the burger even it was half the price.  Didn't have enough flavor and the juiciness of a great burger to satisfy my appetite.
5	This burger was literally the best burger I have had in my life. Granted, I don't eat them all of the time, but if they all tasted like this, you bet I would! The onion rings were delicious. The fries were lacking, both in taste and in texture. They were much too soft for my liking. My companion got the hot dog (I know!) and said it was ok, but kept nabbing bites of my burger!The drinks were spot on. I had no room for dessert after gorging myself on so much food. I would definitely return, but leave off the fries this time!
4	Awesome awesome burgers. I'm not much of a burger person, but I really liked this place.  We had the truffle fries, the farm burger, and the chili dog. I had read that the chili dog as noteworthy here, so even though I would ordinarily never get it, I gave it a shot. It was good, but there was nothing memorable about it other than the size.The farm burger was just excellent. It was very well thought out and balanced. The meat was cooked perfectly. There is not much to say other than it was perfection.The truffle fries were savory and delicious and the portion size was healthy.Skip the buffets and stop in to GR BurGR for a bite. You will be glad you did.PS - I loved the uniforms here!
5	Ate here last night, and it was fantastic!Service was awesome, we sat at the kitchen bar area and got to see Christina, winner of Hell's Kitchen season 10! She talked to us and was really down to earth.Great experience!
5	Amazing burgers...farm burger is perfection and they bake all the bread fresh daily....a great meal from start to finish...fries and onion rings and the dipping sauces were so yummy...not greasy and heavy like some fried foods...cutomer service is key and our waiter was the sweetest...explained everything and gave great recommendations. He let me keep the menu as a souvenir! And finally...the creme brulee milkshake...brilliant!...definitely in my top three favorite burger places in Vegas.
4	Excellent food. The chicken burger was amazing and onion rings some of the best I've ever had. The service was some of the best I've had in this town. Plus they carry my favorite beer innis&gunn. Only thing I didn't care for was the wait to get a tabke and the katchup they used. There's just somethings I like simple and standard. But I do recommend this restaurant and I will return
3	I had the farm burger and my wife had the American burger and truffle fries. Neither of us cared for the fries and the burgers were just ok. We actually preferred FatBurger, maybe cuz we just like normal burgers. Service was very good though.
4	Yes yes yes!!!Burgers are delicious, as are the onion rings and truffle fries. Great dipping sauces too. They have a mushroom burger for vegetarians (I tried my friends, wasn't a fan) but I really don't understand the vegetarian thing. Would recommend over and over.
5	Thanks to my Bestie who was dying to this place out we chose to make this our Grand Finale. Now I'm your average In-N-Out loving girl who lives on the East Coast so I try to slide pass there when town but this time i held off for this place instead. From the Burgers, to the beer, on to the truffle fries, right on down to the onion rings everything was beyond finger licking good. Paul was as helpful as a server could get with recommendations and it led to everyone at our table being full and happy. BurGR is one of my new favorite Vegas spots and beyond met my expectations.
3	I ordered the regular burger and thought it was just Okay. The fries were the frozen variety and they only had truffle ketchup which I dislike. Iced tea was $4. My wife had the "Hell's Kitchen Burger"  and really liked it. That saved it from getting a 2 star rating from me. I have absolutely no desire to revisit.
5	Food Porn:Ordered the American burger, shake #1 (chocolate pudding with 6 inches of caramel and a toffee cookie) and the truffle fries. Shake was a sin, burger was cooked to the right temperature and very high quality meat -- with a Kobe-like texture. Truffle fries could have been done a little longer but generous cheese and truffle oil. Staff was friendly except for one aloof girl at the front. Get there 20 minutes before opening for lunch or wait for 20 minutes in line.
5	Definitely the best burger I've had for a very very very long time. I had the one with the mushrooms and it was amazing. Cooked to perfection. The seasoning and the combination of ingredients had my mouth watering for every bite. I had a side order of the onion rings which was good as well, but it definitely took back seat to the burger. I got there at about 11am on a Saturday. There was already a line, but since it was just me, I found a spot at the bar immediately. Highly recommended for anyone looking for one of the best burgers they'll have for a while.
4	Normally you wouldn't catch me at a gourmet burger joint, but  thought to give this place a try with all the good reviews. To start things off there was a pretty long line in front of the fire display they had. But for this line it was only for those with a party of two. For any parties over two they would have to give them there number and they would receive a text for whenever their table was ready. We probably waited 30 min in line which isn't that bad I guess. For those that had parties of more than 3 it was approximately 2-3 hour wait.  So we get to our table and the choices that they had wasn't too much, but to me that's a good thing. We ended up getting the Parmesan fries which were actually really good and the sauces that they came with complimented it really nicely. For the main course I chose to get the farm burger which had duck bacon and egg. Overall it was definitely a good choice. The only thing that I would recommend for this place is to actually have "normal" ketchup. I know that gourmet burger places aren't high on having just regular ketchup but it wouldn't have been nice to have. Instead they had this somewhat chipotle ketchup which wasn't bad though. So yeah, good place if you're looking for a high class burger place in Vegas. Definitely would go here again.
2	We ate here today for lunch with high expectations from the four star yelp rating. This restaurant missed the mark on food and focused too much on the Vegas decor.  We ordered the Hell's Kitchen,  Classic American burger, and Parmesan truffled fries. The fries were served cold and looked like potato wedges. We had to ask the server for a fresh batch but the second serving wasn't much better, lacking the truffle flavor. We asked the waiter what type of beef was being served but he couldn't answer. The burgers were mediocre at best. It lacked some sort of sauce..... Maybe aioli. Overall I wouldn't recommend waiting in line and dinning here. I'm disappointed in the food and lack of flavors given all the Ramsay hype. Check out Umami at the SLS instead. They serve organic high quality beef for the same price point and taste 1000 times better.
3	I have eaten at several good 'gourmet' burger places on the strip, and BurGR has been my least favorite so far (see my "Vegas" list for other burger recommendations on the strip: http://www.yelp.com/list/vegas-las-vegas-196).  It is by far the largest, and was mostly filled, but it's the least aesthetically pleasing from the inside.  Sure there is an awesome looking sign lined with flames, but the seating and arrangement of the restaurant reminded me of a hospital cafeteria.  The staff were also wearing outfits that appeared to be '50/'60s inspired that many of them looked extremely uncomfortable in.  Almost every time a female staff member walked by she would be tugging on her dress because of the awkward fit.  Not to mention that almost no one looked happy to be working here.  The atmosphere was in stark contrast to all of the other burger places I have been to on the strip.  It felt like a very cold and robotic environment that lacked personality beneath the flames that initially drew us in.The food was decent, but not to the standards of the other burger places I have had on the strip.  I ordered the Southern Yardbird Burger, which is a chicken sandwich, and a side of Truffle Parmesan Fries.  The sandwich was okay, but nothing extraordinary.  The fries were nowhere near as good as the parmesan fries I had at a sports book the day before.  I also took a couple bites out of the Hell's Kitchen Burger, which I believe is their signature sandwich, and neither me nor my date thought too highly of it. Overall, the food here was nothing special.I can't see myself eating at BurGR again.  It is okay, but not up to par with the other offerings on the strip.  There are many other places in the immediate vicinity that I much rather eat at.
1	This review is more about the experience with the executive chef than the food at Booger restaurant.So we were at Burgr restaurant and had just ordered a $ 15 burger when I noticed that Christine from Hell's Kitchen was standing around talking to two of her friends. I didn't want to interrupt so I waited 10 minutes before one of her friends left. That's when I decided to ask her if she could take a picture with us. I gave my camera to a waitress and politely began to request, "I am sorry to interrupt..." Even before I can get the next words out, she RUDELY said twice while raising her finger, "Oh, but you are interrupting!" Never have i been so disgusted/appalled at one's behavior toward another polite human, especially after waiting so patiently.  The nerve of this person. She is merely a reality star and she thinks that she is a hot celebrity. I am not sure if even most real celebrities would behave in such a rude manner. It must be because she knows that her food SUCKS and that her gig will be over soon and her 5 seconds of fame will be up.Mr. Ramsey, you made a big mistake in selecting Christine as your winner and executive chef. Also, the food was bland and the meat was overcooked, so i would not recommend going to a place where the executive chef is rude and the place is overpriced!
5	The Hell's Kitchen burger was yummy and kind of spicy. The onion rings are so good, so far the best onion rings I ever had. The just fries are like whatever, it's ok. I had a great time and I definitely recommend it to any one to try. The service was quick and hardly any waiting. I went on a Friday afternoon.
4	Wait was about an hour long for a group of peopleHostess- main girl with the tattoos was impatient, the other girls were niceAll the waiters were big buff guys- for you single ladies or in my case for my old lady I got the hells kitchen burger- it was goodgot fries- it was goodjalapenos poppers were also good2 people be around $40 bucks for burgersdesign as cool with the fire and stuff
4	Since this was a Gordon Ramsey restaurant, I had very high expectations for the place.....and they were met. Every burger on the menu sounded delicious so it was hard to pick! I ended up ordering the Farm Burger: Meat topped with fried egg, duck breast bacon, and English sharp cheddar cheese. It was delicious! I can't wait to come back and try something new!
5	We are staying near BurGR and dropped in for a quick hot dog.  FABULOUS!!!  Probably the BEST ever!!!  Onion rings are really good too.  Love the atmosphere.
3	Expected to be blown away.  I was satisfied, but ultimately underwhelmed.  The food tasted like a decent burger at any respectable restaurant.  The fries were pretty good.  Nice atmosphere.
5	We just got into town and checked into the hotel and was starving.  This was in our hotel at the Planet Hollywood, and who hasnt heard of gordon ramsey.  So, i had to try.  The Wall entrance is definitely a great backdrop for pictures.  It set the mood on what we were about to enjoyFood is phenomenal.  Different types of gourmet burgers.  I feel the bun is a crucial part of the burger.  It was so soft and buttery that just enhance the flavor.  I definitely will be coming back again.
2	Extremely long waits without a reservation.. Had a vegeterian burger (don't quite remb the name) but it was definitely not worth the wait and the price!
1	Most overrated restaurant in las vegas next to all the bobby flay bs. Hired model wannabe staff who are rude and stuck up. Service sucked but what would you expect from entitled wannabes. The food is a joke of different food channel concoctions and is at best a burger joint staffed with hotties.  Only foodie wannabes and has beens rate this high.  Most people say its great because of all the hype, the tv exposure, and to make themselves feel good about the dragged out long waits they had to endure for mediocrity and the painfully outrageous prices. In reality, they know it sucked and their wallets got sucked dry even worse for it.  We all know gordan ramsay is a complete jerk and a hole to people on tv. This place will close down in less than three years. There are WAY better out there at normal prices.For people to say this is the best burger they had in their life is a laugh as they will later realize in life they got suckered into all this gordan ramsay hype.
3	It was fine. The wait was about 30 minutes for the 2 of us. I was surprised the burger toppings weren't more interesting and exciting. Tourists want accessible, I guess. The burger was decent. I have had better. A lot of bun. $13, then another 8 for fries. The "push-up" dessert was amazing. The service was good. The tables are packed in, so you don't have much privacy. The beer list was fairly good. The design of the logo, fire wall, and menu were clever. The curry ketchup was the highlight for me.
3	If this was a review of the food only it would be a 5 star review. The food is terrific and well worth a trip to BurGR.Unfortunately the service while seated alone at the bar left something to be desired. This might not be an issue if you arrive and are seated at a table or come in a bigger party, but the length of time from sitting down to being approached for a drink order and the time from finishing my food/beverage to receiving a check was more than I've experienced anywhere else in Las Vegas.The time from putting my order in until the food arrived was very reasonable, and the restaurant was busy. The view you get of the kitchen from the bar was terrific as well.Next time I'm in Vegas I'll just call ahead and see if I can't place an order for pickup.
5	It takes allot for me to give out Five Stars, but Gordon Ramsay you have won me over.   We were in Vegas a few weeks back and were all craving a Gordon Ramsay Burger.   I generally don't go into these celebrity chef establishments with high hopes, as unfortunately they let you down more than they live up the expectations.  GR BurGR did not disappoint though.  First off the hostess takes your number and sends you a text message once your table is ready, which allows you to go have fun in the casino while you wait.  I absolutely love this idea, I highly recommend other busy restaurants follow this lead.   I recently had my Gall Bladder out, so I couldn't partake in the fried food digestion with my friends but they loved the French Fries and thought the Jalapeno appetizer where you get a single random extremely hot one mixed in with the regular poppers was a brilliant idea.  They all got different burgers off the menu and raved about them, I stuck with the Turkey Burger and was extremely happy. It was moist, flavorful and plenty filling.    What goes best with a Burger? The answer is obviously beer and this place has a great selection on draft.   For everyone going to Vegas I can't recommend anything higher, you must check out Gordon Ramsay BurGr.
5	I had the Euro burger with Sweet Potato Fries and a Oreo Shake. The burger was amazing, the fries were great, and the Oreo shake, although way to thick and filling was spectacular. Service was excellent and very knowledgeable. Would definitely recommend and will go back.
2	I cannot believe anyone would ever give this place a positive review.  The service was absolutely terrible!  Promised no more than a 45 minute wait time and at 45 minutes were told that we had another 45 minutes?  Finally sat and ordered our burgers.  They were dry and flavorless...  The only thing saving this from a zero rating were the truffle fries....  Outstanding for sure...  Do yourself a favor - there are plenty of other burger places far superior...
5	Just had the most expensive burger I've ever eaten.   And it was worth every penny. Got the Euro-burger.  Nothing short of spectacular.   It's crowded loud and friendly.  Beer selection is typical Vegas pedestrian.  Truffle fries are everywhere these days.  And the Burger- amazing.   Hate to say it - worth going to
4	Yum! My burger was DELISH! Cooked perfectly, the perfect amount of ingredients (not so big that it was impossible to bite) and AMAZING sweet potato fries topped with powdered sugar (don't knock it till you try it). Also, the jalapeno poppers are out of this world good!So glad we got to try this place out in Vegas, it's definitely worth a visit. My four star rating is because our waitress seemed less than thrilled to be serving us and was not the most accomdating when we asked for a recomendation. Also, I can't stand when you have to order fries on the side, especially when your burger alone is $15. But hey, it's Vegas...
5	The burgers and the customer service are amazing. If you like spicy foods, the Hell's Kitchen Burger is delicious! The only "issue" was when I bit into a seed but it was too good. My boyfriend (basic ass B when it comes to food) ordered the Farm's Burger, which came with duck bacon and an over easy egg, and he loved it. Our cousin ordered the Blue Cheese Burger and he enjoyed it as well. For my Hell's Kitchen Burger, I accompanied it with the GL Innis and Gunn beer, which was a great compliment. The Oreo Shake is also delicious. Our waiter checked on us several times and was willing to work with us if we didn't like anything. Burgers were roughly $10-$15, drinks are $7-$10, and appetizers are $10. For 3 people, drinks, appetizer, and drinks, we spent $78 total. If you're in Vegas, stop by here if you want a good and affordable meal.
4	Yes, Mr. Ramsay, you've hit the spot.It is very difficult for me to finish my whole meal at times. Especially, when the burgers are bigger than my face. However, I had absolutely no problem finishing my Southern Yardbird Burger. I ate and I ate and I ate and I finished. I don't think I looked up once to check of my friends were still at the table. Also, the fries there are a must! HOW CAN YOU HAVE A BURGER WITHOUT FRIES!?!?The restaurant was reasonably priced. I took $50 for my meal just in case and I only spent $20 including tip. Not bad at all.
1	this was my forth time coming to this restaurant and things have changed (for the worst).the burger which was the stable of this establishment was a dried out tiny perfectly formed and pressed portion of meat. now  being a burger aficionado, i swear was frozen! a sentiment of my entire group that ordered the burger or burgr. as gordon likes to call them. also the hot dog was rabid.the party that made the mistake of eating it was sick as a dog that eve and could not make it to dinner later that evening. the only thing worse than the food was the service which was non-existent. we actually had to run up to the bar to order our drinks.i'm thinking of starting a reality show where i review various  bad eateries and was going to start here.  a penny for you thoughts (just not one of these burgers), yes?
5	I had the Southern Yardbird chicken sandwich. My husband had the other chicken spicy sandwich. We both loved it. More importantly, we had the truffle Parmesan fries. So very good. The beer selection was great.  Bartenders were awesome (we sat at the bar watched a college football game on a huge tv that they changed the channel just for us). And try the Skinny Screw. It was an amazing cocktail... Tangerine, hint of mint. Wonderful overall experience. :).
5	What a great place to visit and cost wasn't near what I thought it to be,
5	Food was great and the blood orange martinis are soooo good. We went on a Sunday night and only had to wait like 20 min. And there were 4 of us. We took our kids with us and they enjoyed the wings and a burger.
5	This review will reflect our recent visit on 10/21/14 as well as one other visit about a year prior.Having been to a few of Gordon's restaurants (Maze in NYC, BurGR in Vegas, Gordon Ramsay Steak in Vegas) one thing I notice every time is the consistency of both service and quality.  There has never been a hiccup.  You can tell that he demands a certain level of service and thankfully it is carried out 100% of the time.BurGR is set in a casual location near the front of Planet Hollywood casino, just off of the strip.  The decor is cool and hip, with an open plan...big TVs surrounding the dining room, and a clear view from all seats back to the kitchen.The service, as mentioned, is top notch.  You are greeted warmly by everyone you encounter, and even though this is a "burger joint" kind of feel, the staff is on a 5 star restaurant level.The food is as awesome as you anticipate.  We've had a few different burgers here...the Hell's Kitchen (asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avacado, oven roasted tomato)...the American (american cheese, butter lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion)...and the Chanterelle (chanterelle mushrooms, arugula, figgy-onion jam)...as well as the truffle parmesan fries (hand cut fries, truffle parmesan, truffle salt, truffle aioli).  My favorite is probably the Hell's Kitchen, but you know you're eating an incredible burger when you get a simple American style and it tastes amazing.  Everything was cooked to perfection (medium...even though the chef recommends medium rare) and the buns are as tasty as you can get.For desert, we've had the sticky pudding pops twice.  This is a tough one to review.  If you haven't had his normal sticky toffee pudding, you'll love these pops!!  They are fun, delicious and a cool twist on a classic.  However, if you've had his REAL sticky toffee pudding (with that salted caramel ice cream that comes in the shape of a butter stick) you might be a bit disappointed!  But hey..his original sticky toffee pudding is the BEST dessert you can get, period. (Seriously..it's worth a trip to the bar at Gordon Ramsay Steak just to order it)Anyway, Gordon delivers the goods here at BurGR.  The prices are in line with the food quality (burgers are in the 13-15 range) and the experience is top notch.  You simply cannot go wrong.
5	We decided to come in for lunch after a friend referred us after dining there. There is a line on the side and we were informed that it was meant for parties of 2 or 1's, but there are times that they put larger parties in there depending on how busy they are. So they recommended if we came back as a larger party to have one person stand in line and the other check in at the front so we don't lose our spot. We were immediately greeted by a tall blonde who was friendly and walked us to our table. She recommended the Euro burger and the Hell's kitchen burger. The other hostess seemed like we were beneath them, but this one was nice to us. Our server Alex was AMAZING! He made us feel like we were friends from elementary school. He sold my fiance on the Farm burger (fried egg, duck breast bacon) and he loved it. I stuck with the Euro (goat cheese, arugula, roasted tomato) and it was amazing. The flavor of both of them was great. Alex was great with everything and every recommendation from the beer to dessert was great. He 'wine and dined' us and he made the experience even better. Thank you for such an amazing time, we will be back and requesting him.
4	When the coasters, menus and sign out front all have Gordon Ramsey's name on them, the is set quite high right from the start. I had the American Burger from BURGR and it was outstanding! My drink was the number 1 Shake which was chocolate with caramel pudding and whipped crime. AMAZEBALLS! The service was exceptional. BURGR lost a star because the French fries were below sub-par. I've had better fries at Mickey D's.
3	A casual burger place located right at the entrance of Planet Hollywood.  Euro Burger - $16 - above average 3.5/5.Truffle Aioli, goat cheese, tomato.  The Euro Burger was good.  Bread had nice texture and the meat had a nice smoky taste.  My only gripe is the burger was kind of small.  For $16 I was hoping it'd be bigger.  The burger doesn't come w/ a side either.Fries - average.  The serving size is quite large.  1 order probably fees 3-4 people.PROS:-Burgers are decent.  The beef burgers a nice smoky taste to then.-Decent selection of beers on tap, 15-20 beers.CONS:-Burgers don't come w/ fries-Burgers are kind of small.TIPS:-Long line if you don't come early.   We finished dinner early, sometime around 6:30.  Around this time there was a huge line outside.
5	Best burgers on the strip.Located inside planet hollywood. The wait now (fall 2014) isnt as long as the wait when it first opened up, so don't be afraid to come by and check it out guys! I know as a yelper, reading about waits really deter me from going to a place, but it honestly isnt bad nowadays. I went during prime time  friday evening  for dinner and wait was about 20 minutes give or take.FARM BURGER - get it. its to die for. the burger meat is amazing and juicy. They do it just the way you want it. its SO GOOD. I always have to cut mine in half and eat it in halves because its so big. TRUFFLE FRIES - SO YUMS. they also bring out this amazing ketchup and some type of BOMB aioli sauce. listen to all the other yelpers on here and order the truffle fries.I've been here several times and I always order the same thing, so I don't have any other opinions on the menu items, hahaha. I'm a creature of habit ,what can i say. However, the interior is nice and roomy, and I love the fire that they have displayed in the front of the restaurant. If you're looking for great burgers at a great cost, come here!TIP: DO NOT FORGET YOUR TOTAL REWARDS PLAYERS CARD. it saves you money on every item on the menu.
5	Cool and casual burger joint but at 5 star restaurant level. Stopped by on our way home from Utah to Cali and of course, being a big fan of Gordon Ramsey, I had to come here and try it. There was a long line but for some reason, my party of 7 were seated in about 5 minutes. Our server, Mike went above and beyond to make sure everything went well and was very knowledgeable of the menu and gave us great suggestions. Everything we had from the Honey Glazed Pig Bao Buns to the Chanterelle Burger to the Truffle Fries were nothing short of perfect. Definitely a place that everyone has to try when they're in Vegas.
5	The best meal we had in Vegas!!!  All four of us had different burgers and we all loved them!  Got the onion rings and poppers as appetizers and they were great as well. Our waitress Lauren was incredible. She was very knowledgable about everything in the menu and was an overall delight to deal with. I hope all of the servers deal with customers the way she treated us!  Great place, can't wait to go back!!!
5	Definitely a cool stop in vegas....good dawgs and burgers!  Great beer selection , chainbreaker was my favorite.  Service was excellent...kitchen was a bit slow but they were packed and the waitress and manager were extremely attentive and always made sure we were ok with our drinks . A++ service!
4	The burger and onion rings weren't bad. But Shake #4 (creme brulee and Oreo shake) was AMAZING!! It was literally the best I had in my life. The waiting line wasn't too long, but when we finally made it to the front of the line, the hosts seemed to ignore us and instead helped the random people coming up to them with questions.
3	Food is good. I had chicken wings. They were breaded (did not say breaded on menu). They are the drumstick part only. Good sized drumsticks but fatty. A little too fatty for my taste. Too much fat makes them slimy under the skin. I would not order them again. Service was good. Nice servers working their butts off. Steve had the Standard Dawg. It was huge!!! He liked it a lot.
2	Overall, overrated. Yes, the patty was cooked perfectly but there was nothing special to the taste of the burger. The truffle fries were too greasy and salty. I expected so much more from the celebrity chef, Gordon Ramsey, who seems to be such a perfectionist in the Hell's kitchen show. The service was good and the shake was good too. But I won't go back to pay $13-16 to get a burger with mediocre taste.
5	Literally the best burger I've ever ordered. Had the Hell's Kitchen Burger. Staff was great. Very friendly and attentive. Highly recommended.
5	Best burger I've had! Generous size! Euro burger: goat cheese, arugula, tomatoe and Truffle Aiolie !!Service was average.  Waitress friendly and helpful.
3	Went with a group of friends so we sampled a lot of different items. The toppings were different and not something I would normally add but I'm glad I tried. That being said, I didn't think the actual flavor in the patty was all that great. Especially with burger places being all the rage I guess I expected a little more. That being said it was a neat experience.
1	Overpriced, plain, simple burgers that took forever to arrive. The fries were fine, but also overpriced. This place seems to be a fad, lots of people waiting in line, presumably they, like us, also thought it was gonna be good. We had to wait an hour to be seated, we were expecting at least an average meal. Do not recommend.
5	Cant fault a single thing about this place. We had the Hells Kitchen Burger and a side of parmesan truffle fries and we were in heaven. I loved this place so much I wanted to go back for dinner.
4	Food was good, served quickly - worked out great after the Britney Spears concert for dinner. At times I feel like places like this try to do too much with items on the menu just to be different but overall it was good. Ketchup for example was just odd, we tried three different ones, all were a bit odd.Had the Hells Kitchen burger, great flavor.Server was a bit inattentive, the other table helpers did all the work while he was chatting with another table for an extended period of time.A bit pricey, but then again it's Vegas.
4	I came here with my wife and daughter, a few weeks ago visiting Las Vegas in order to attend a friends wedding.  The food was amazing, I ordered the Britannia Burger which was soooooo amazingly good. My wife ordered the Blue Burger and my daughter ordered the American Burger we were all very happy. We all shared an order of Onion Rings - they were out of this world!!!I would have given my experience 5 stars unfortunately, the service was quite poor.  When we arrived we asked how long the wait was, they told me it would be 45 mins they took my name and number and told me I would be texted when we could sit down at our seat.  45 min later no text came when I asked how much longer the wait would be I was told it would be over an hour. And that my name had never registered in their system. I had to complain to 5 different people when they finally deemed it appropriate to let us sit at one of the several open tables.
4	Stopped in here Thursday night and ate at the bar.Started off with the sknny screw - was declious.Then the highlight of our night - THE BURGERS. AMAZING!No joke - the best burger I ever had.I wish I could get another one right now, but I will have to wait for my next trip out there for it!Then there was the sweet potato fries (WITH POWDERED SUGAR) Omg- to die for!  We just loved them!Only reason they got 4 stars was because it took 32 minutes for our food to come out.  I know there were busy, but its vegas - they should have those kinks worked out to keep things running smoothly on busy Thursday evening.Overall - I def recommend and will return.
5	Great foodGreat chefs Great atmosphere I would definitely eat here again, five star burgers, and we came really late near closing the night we went and instead of being rude to our group, they gave us free desert! Loved it, awesome food
3	The husband and I came here after a concert. The sign specifically says to check in with hostess before lining up - USELESS. After talking to them we were directed back in line with no changes BUT like after 5 parties behind. Why would you have directions that you guys don't abide by?! Anyway, this place has a very different feel. The workers' uniforms look they belong in the Star Trek movie. Our waitress was nice but she dropped the husband's glass full of tea. Said a sorry and had someone else clean it up. A glass of tea nor water was not offered after. The Just Fries came out cold - of course they would since they were just sitting out like the other sweet potato and parmesan fries. Hell's Kitchen Burger was pretty mediocre. Their buns are thick and filled with too many black sesame seeds. It was a first time experience, don't ever see ourselves coming back since we'll most likely get Earl of Sandwiches instead. On the bright side, I DO love their wide spacious and comfortable chairs!
5	Are here by recommendation from a friend that said the burgers here were world-class. The way the burgers are prepared and the level of service were very unique, a few of us friends went out to dine here and enjoyed the atmosphere. The wait times can be long to get in so make sure you have a reservation or a lot of extra time on your hands. The jalapeno poppers were a lot of fun
5	One of the best burgers I ever had. Even with no pink the burger was juicy. The Parmesan truffle fries were literally the best and I've had my share. Lots of parmesan and truffle oil they just explode with flavor. Delicious!!
4	Went to experience Gordon Ramsay BurGR on Halloween and it did not disappoint.It was very busy but our waitress was great and very attentive. She explained the drink menu and told us the special of the day. The drink menu is interactive on an Ipad which is cool. I ordered a jalapeno margarita and it was delicious - expensive as Hell at $14 but what do you expect, it's Gordon Ramsay and it's Vegas. We started off with the roasted jalapeno poppers. They were very good. Served in six individual little shot glasses filled with bacon ranch. We all really enjoyed these. I had the damnation chicken burger which was amazing! It had carrot and celery slaw with buffalo sauce and ranch and maytag bleu cheese. The flavor was incredible. Our table also had an order of the garlic parmesan truffle fries. They were good but not my favorite. For the price I don't think I would order them again. I would try the onion rings instead.Overall my experience here was great. Service was good, food was amazing. It is expensive but it is worth it. You are paying for both the food and the experience.
3	A large group of us dined here before the Britney show.  It's definitely a good burger spot.  We shared a bunch of starters which were all delicious - soba noodle salad, green salad, buffalo chx wings, along with their variety of fries.  We were all stuffed by the time our burgers arrived.  I ordered one with goat cheese, roasted tomato and truffle aioli.  The truffle was not overpowering and just enough.  They have a ton of surrounding TVs and a good option if you're at planet hollywood. Although I wouldn't make it a destination.
5	Hamburger was number 1 to me. The hummus I had before was also delicious. Generous portions and good prices. Worthed!
4	Well I am a big fan Chef Ramsey and his styles of food so I am biased, I had the pork burger, was a great spin a burger.  Truffle fries are a must get, and the chipotle ketchup was great as well.  The atmosphere is loud and modern, we enjoyed that.  The waitstaff was the part not quite up to par with what I would expect from a GR restaurant.  They could be a bit more attentive and less social with each other and pay attention to the customers.  The wait was fine, greeters were nice.Overall it's a $50-$75 burger trip, but the uniqueness and experience is worth it.
5	Seriously people go here!!!!! The fries are to die for especially the parmasean ones. The truffle dip is so good we had our waiter brings us more! Burgers were outstanding and the service was great. I mean everything was just outstanding about this restaurant.
4	First time at a Gordon Ramsey restaurant and he definitely didn't disappoint. My sister and I both agreed this was probably the best burger we've had so far. It's not very big, but if you order fries too you'll definitely be full. We got the Hell's Kitchen special, which came with spicy pepper, avocado and cheese. Everything blended together very well and each bite was so soft and easy. We also ordered the truffle parmesan fries, which were delicious. I'm docking a star for two reasons though. The first is that they actually cooked our burger wrong the first time. We asked for medium but it came out medium rare, so we requested a redo. The other was that our waiter was not very good and had an attitude. There was another female waitress that was way more attentive to us even though I don't think we were one of her tables.This spot doesn't take reservations, so go early when it's not rush hour or on days that are slower. I'd come back for sure though to try some of the other burger selections, and highly recommend a visit if you're ever in the area!
4	My 15 year old son adores Gordon Ramsay so he wanted to go to Burgr for his birthday.  I ordered the burger with goat cheese arugula and truffle mayo.  We ordered three sides including onion rings, buffalo wings and of course the Truffle Parmesan fries.  Service was good but rushed enough that our waitress got my son's order wrong. Said no veg on the burger and she heard it as "lettuce."  Letting that one slide.  Anyhow all the food was great except for the wings which were disappointingly pedestrian.  Will go back again when the craving hits me.TLDR:  Burgers cooked exactly as desired with rich beef flavor.  A burger worthy of GR'S name.  Truffle Parmesan fries luscious and a must have here.  Skip the wings.  Service is very good for an upscale burger place.  Don't worry about the wait if there is more than 2 in your party; they will text you when your table is ready.
2	First of all. I'm a fan of chef ramsay and hope every thing perfect.  This is first time i try this burger.  When i walk to the host two girl cute asian just talk to each another and doesn't look at me. Until o ask for table for 1 they offer me to sit at bar it ok for me but she just point to bar and say go ahead snd back to talk to each another again. The burger need more salt it no test and asian salad is so so. It not matt for 14$ for burger and 13 for salad. In&out is alot bettet.
3	The food was great, it was what happened a bit afterwards that has caused some concern.  When I went to pay for the meal the waiter came back and said my card was declined, which is weird because I know I had money in my bank account (debit card) so I gave him my credit card and that seemed to go through fine.  Sometime later both of those cards were compromised...coincidence????  Not sure, it does seem a bit odd that they both had copies made from them and someone near Nevada was trying to do some serious charging.  Be careful with your cards people.  Thank goodness my institutions both saved me from what could have been a serious nightmare.  If I go back it will definitely be a cash basis situation.
4	Great service. Knowledgeable, attentive, fast, and friendly.I ordered the chicken sliders and they were perfect. The chicken was breaded and perfectly fried while keeping the inside super moist. Loved the toasted sesame seed buns too. Co-worker had the hells kitchen burger and said it was amazing. Side of fries were a big soggy and disappointing though. Came with two different kinds of ketchup so that was cool.
5	I love coming to Gordon Ramsay Burgr, especially when we get Michelle for our waitress!The best service, food always delivered hot and perfect!!Try the chicken burger's they are amazing!!Ask to sit in Michelle's station!!
5	Let me begin by saying, I am TOTALLY BIASED!  My dream was to eat at a Gordon Ramsay (@GordonRamsay) restaurant.  Even if this was #Burgr , I got to check an item off of my Bucket List today.I was thrilled that I had the opportunity to get to Planet Hollywood to visit the establishment.  The striking flaming entrance window is awe inspiring.  My heart skipped a beat because it was everything I wanted in a Ramsay establishment.I sat down and loved the menu layout.  You actually get to keep it (awesome fan appreciation).  I almost jumped on the Hell's Kitchen Burger but went with the Farm Burger Recommendation.  It includes a fried egg and duck breast bacon.The burger was a perfect Medium Rare and very tender.  The egg was not overcooked so it basted the burger as intended.  The bacon was uniquely delicious on a perfectly firm toasted bun. A huge order of fries was perfectly salty and crisp.  I am not a huge eater so it went mostly untouched when compared to the splendor of the Burger!  Yumm!The service is extremely efficient.  They are professionally friendly but a little Vegas Plastic.  Highly recommended and I am thrilled to death to say I have been there!!!!!
5	The food was great and so were the prices.  It may not have been the best burger I've had in my life, but the bun was delicious and the sides were also.  I would definitely return.
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had! I had the Hell's Kitchen burger, so yummy! I would come back for sure and try the Farm burger.
3	Had the American Burger was okay. My husband really enjoyed it. Had the Truffle frys and really didn't like them. My husband thought they were ok. Overall we would come back.
5	Pork belly bao buns were decent, though not the best. But their euro burger was delicious! Truffle Parmesan fries with aioli dip was perfect. And their shakes topped with pudding is a genius invention. Everything was delicious! Eat here.
5	When I first saw this restaurant, I didn't know what to expect. The outside looked cool, but I thought a celebrity-themed restaurant just had the makings of a let down with a big sell and low performance. I couldn't have been more wrong. From the moment I walked up to the hostess stand, the service, food quality, and overall presentation were spectacular. The burger I ordered was cooked to perfection and stayed hot the entire time. The food is very unique (I highly recommend the Parmesan onion rings). You won't be disappointed if you like good meat and good burgers. This is on my to-do list next time I come back to Vegas.
4	There was a long line even after 2p, but it was worth the wait.  Burgers average $15 and up but taste good.  It looked deceivingly small, but my Earth Burger had more portobello than I had ever seen.  Everything is a la carte.  The fries with curry ketchup were good.  Mom had Soba  Chicken Noodle Salad which was surprisingly delicious.  Definitely check it out.   Very good food and service.
3	I think this place is overrated. The food was good, but not worth waiting in line for. Luckily I came here right when it opened for lunch on a weekday, and didn't have to wait at all. The service here is great. Our server was very nice and knowledgeable about the beers they had on tap. The place is very modern, and the flame-lit sign outside is pretty cool. We ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger, and the Farm Burger. The Hell's Kitchen burger was just OK. The peppers tasted a bit pickled, which I wasn't expecting. The Farm Burger was very good. It came with a fried egg with a runny yolk, and duck bacon. We ordered parmesan truffle tries which were very good. I think one order is good for two people, or even three if you don't eat a lot of fries. Overall, not bad, but I don't think I'd visit again since there's probably other places to eat.
4	The food is five stars.  Easy.  Order anything on the menu (order everything on the menu), and unless you are a vegetarian who somehow ordered a meat burger, you will likely not be disappointed.  I'd suggest splitting a shake because that is an awful lot of sweetness with the pudding and ice cream and milk shakey stuff, but it's great if you're feeling decadent.  Which you do, because you're in Vegas.What I had to remove points for was the service, which was slow as hell.  We had to wait about 30-45 minutes for our burgers, which is pretty damn unacceptable.  There's also likely to be a line in front, but that's more understandable.  Was it worth the wait?  I'm honestly not sure because it got really, really annoying.I've seen Hell's Kitchen, I know how Ramsay would react to the food taking this long.Recommended:Fuckn burgrs, obviously.  + Fries + Milk Shake.
4	Hell's Kitchen burgr  medium rare, perfectly juicy and fatty. It had the perfect kick. The farm burgr is not balanced. Too much meat and no veggies, so it wasn't that good, but the egg was nice and runny.The pork Bao meat was dry but and sauce was spot on.
4	Located at Planet Hollywood hotel and casino.  Entrance by Las Vegas strip.Paper menus are designed so that you can keep one as a souvenir if you desire. The gourmet burgers have various names and combination of ingredients. I chose the Farm Burger and hubby decided on the Gordon Ramsay burger which is not on the menu.The Farm Burger is a cheeseburger with bacon and a fried egg.  I'm a traditionalist so I removed the egg and gave it to hubby.  His Gordon Ramsay burger was too junky for me.  He liked it.One of the Hell's Kitchen 10th season contestant winners runs the kitchen.  She wasn't there the day we ate there.   Cynthia is her name according to our server.Juicy hot burger served on a sesame brioche bun.The truffle Parmesan cheese fries were yummy too.I like all the glass and fire in the restaurant.   After all, it's Hell's Kitchen.I'd come again.   Pricey.   We charged the bill to our room.
5	I will start with a WOW!! this place is amazing, my family and I went to celebrate a birthday and the whole experience was great! Service was outstanding, our server was Ashley and she put so much attention to detail and always had an awesome attitude..another thing we noticed is that everybody working at this place looks like models, all great looking people!!  are we going back?? YES WE ARE...FOOD IS AMAZING, EVERYTHING COOKED TO PERFECTION!!
2	Overall:As a fan of the Masterchef series, I gave BurGR a decent shot when I came to Vegas. Honestly, they had subpar service and burger quality. For a decent burger, please head to the Burger Bar by Hubert Keller at Mandalay Bay.Ambience/Service:This place has quite a long wait, even at ~10pm at night. The staff seated us at the bar because the tables were full. The bartender was attentive, but a tad rude. I think it took ONE HOUR for the food to arrive. It was quite a brutal wait time given that we just drove 6 hours to get the Vegas.Food:I think their burgers and fries have a lot of room for improvement. Both burgers we ordered were dry and tasteless as the patties were under-seasoned. The fries were soggy. After this disappointing experience, I kept on searching for a decent burger in LV and found that Burger Bar has waaayyyyyyy better burgers. Save your money and head straight to Mandalay Bay.
5	Truffle parmesean fries...to die for. The aioli really tips them over the *best ever* edge. Their staff is wonderful and extremely helpful. My husband elbowed his glass off the table by accident, it shattered and it was terribly embarassing.  The staff, however, made a crappy situation much better. They swifty cleaned, offered help, gave first aid and also made me feel comfortable enough that neither he nor I died of embarassment. You can imagine how many eyes were on us lol. Anyway,  Burgr is awesome. Go there!
5	Good food. Nice environment. This is a popular place so you can expect a wait but worth the wait. Servers are all pleasant. Large variety of beer!
2	Burger was bland and expensive. I got the Hell's Kitchen burger, which is really just a burger with tomatoes and avocado. I really was hoping for something special here but it did not impress at all. Everyone in my group thought the same, just bland. +1 for the onion rings, they were good.
4	Friday night the line was super long. Waitress was friendly.We ordered burgers and shared one order of the truffle fries.The wait for the burger was long too.But everything was really tasty. We had the farm burger and the Euro burger had goat cheese. A real acquired taste.
3	I had really high expectations for BurGR, and while the meal was enjoyable I had to take down the rating a notch because of the horrible stomachache I had a couple hours after eating. I had the Euro burger, which included a roasted tomato, goat cheese, and arugula on top of the patty. I found the patty to be on the dry side, but the fixings were a fresh change. On the other hand, their truffle fries were really good as it was the first time I had truffle fries on thick-cut steak fries. My boyfriend also tried the Oreo milkshake with creme brulee, but while the Oreo portion was good, the creme brulee made the whole thing a little sickly sweet. In my opinion, Gordon Ramsay's name overhypes the place and you can definitely find better burgers in Vegas.
4	--------------------------------------------------ESSENTIAL TIPS & EXECUTIVE SUMMARY:--------------------------------------------------# If you don't have a Total Rewards card, make one...it's free just like the M Life rewards card! You'll save a $1 off every item on the menu. You can get a card from a membership desk at...just to name a few....Bally's, Paris, Caesar's Palace, and Planet Hollywood (helloooo you're basically there if you're dining at BurGR)# Juicy and tasty burgers packed with umami sensation. Good job, Gordon! But I still think you're full of yourself. There's Gordon Ramsay Steak, Gordon Ramsey Pub & Grill, and then clever go! BurGR. What happened to the "E", Gordon! Can't you spell? Oh, the GR stand for your initials? Pompous prick...but nice work on the burgers. # My friend and I ordered what seemed to be the 2 most popular burgers. Hell's Kitchen and the Farm Burger. Surprisingly, I preferred the Hell's Kitchen burger are a bit more than the latter even though it had duck breast bacon. I think it's because having a little bit of spice balances out the super umami sensation you get. Where's the pickle when you need one?# Truffle fries were excellent so order it. To date, these are the best fries I've had because they sorta have that glassy crust. I'm certain they cook their fries several times to achieve this texture. Beautifully done. # I wasn't able to try the shakes, but I'll report back next time. I don't think you'll go wrong in choosing any one of the 5 shakes. # If the estimated wait time is more than 30 minutes, don't go. Come another day.The burgers are good, but not worth waiting an hour for. # I wouldn't come here with a group with more than 4 people (standard table size) or else you may be waiting longer. # Although it's cool, avoid sitting by the flaming fire display. You get pretty warm just by sitting next to it. --------------------------------------------------MY EXPERIENCE: --------------------------------------------------My friend and I were able to tolerate 20 minutes of waiting. We agreed that the burgers were good. Truffle fries were excellent. Our beers were fine and we were too full to try and tackle the shakes. We drove back home. The End.
5	Amazing burger and great experience. Wait staff was so friendly. The unique burger flavor combinations paired were wonderful.
5	Best shake ever!! Fries was great!Everything was sooo good!!Always appreciate the good food!!
5	I've eaten at a few Ramsay restaurants and Burgr doesn't disappoint. Is the line long? You bet- and for good reason. Glad we didn't have to wait at all in line. There's a way to not have to wait, but I'll let everyone complaining about the line figure it out on their own. Meanwhile, we'll skip the line while those with self-appointed 'foodie degrees' give this place a poor rating simply because they don't know the simple way to avoid said line. The Earth Burger is delicious. Yes, it's vegetarian. The truffle parmesan fries are amazing and the 'Skinny Screw' cocktail tastes like Kool-Aid. Four of those with dinner and I was ready to party all night! The banana, snickerdoodle, butterscotch shake.... WOW! Perfect wait staff, fast service. Spot on. Love how your bill comes accompanied by an iPhone with a survey to rate your experience. Nice to see someone cares. Overall- I'd highly recommend this place. We'll definitely be back!
2	WAY OVERRATED. My wife was bugging me to try the hamburger - I finally gave in. If not for all the add ons, like cheese , sauces , onions etc. - it would have been even more bland than it was. We were both disappointed.  Certainly not worth $19! Fries were good, but they don't make up for a very mediocre burger. This place is a fraud.
5	Spectacular! It was the best welcome meal to Vegas, I would have to say. We just got off the plane, put our stuff in the hotel room and grabbed a cab for the best burger joint. It was certainly the best! Mind you, all of us ladies were HONGRY, just got off the plane BUZZED, and we were dying. My burger, I think it was the Farm Burger, had a fried egg in it, and that was the one that sealed the deal for me. It was SLAMMIN!!!Our server was mighty cute too. I think I lost my game. In my single days, I woulda been flirting and making witty comments, but each time he came to check on us, I got hella quiet. Haha. See, that's what marriage did to me!!!
3	It was alright; a little overrated, but the food was just OK. The service was exceptional, however! Loved the atmosphere created in their from their uniforms to how they all interacted with us. Our server was very attentive and a TON of fun. The hostess was very accommodating despite how crazy busy they were. The manager even swung by to say hello and see how we were doing, which was cool.I was just a little bit disappointed by the lack of menu options and some of the burger combinations. I was anticipating menu options other than burgers, in addition to the appetizers that they had. We split the Parmesan fries and the hummus. I will say, the hummus was REALLY great... it's salt and vinegar hummus! Served with some super yummy toasted veggies that had a great crispy crunch and seasoning to them.Our burger presentation was fabulous, but the taste was just ok. The hummus really took the cake on this meal! I finished up with a creme brulee pudding oreo shake! It was pretty awesome, but rich enough for all three of us to share.
3	One of the 'hunger stops' on the Strip.....The ambience of the place was WOW, didn't have lot of wait time as it was a week day.Coming to the food, we had the Damnation and Earth Burgers, nicely presented and taste was good, not really out of the world as our expectations were.The onion rings and jalapeno poppers were tasty.On the whole we did feel the place is a bit over-rated, but it was our first experience of a 'Gordon Ramsay' restaurant so we ain't complaining! :)Oh and the location is great, right beside the Miracle Mile Shops.
4	Although fairly expensive, this is one of the better burgers on the strip. I appreciate that the menu is clearly opinionated about its burgers - no extra condiments are provided (though I suppose you could ask) - and there is a good collection of burgers that you might not find elsewhere. I'd strongly suggest just picking one and not altering it. It might not be what you'd normally order, but you'll get something quite unique and tasty.
1	My boyfriend and I live in Vegas and went here for the first time last month, and it was a big waste of money. This place is only successful because of where it is located and because it has a celebrity's name in the title. Portions are small, food is bland. I wouldn't recommended this place. Spend your hard earned money, on somewhere else.
5	I've been hearing a lot about this place from my friends. So when I was in vegas we decided to stop by and give it a try. The service was great! We were greeted and seated fast, our waitress was very helpful and attentive. Our food came out at a good pace. We started with the Roasted Jalapeno Poppers, Truffle Parmasan Fries, and the Maui Onion Rings. THOSE WERE DELICIOUS!!! All were so crunchy and packed with flavor!!! They were served with this cheddar ranch sauce that just upped the flavor also! I highly recommend getting it when you visit! My husband ordered the Euro Burger and loved it! Normally he doesn't eat goat cheese, but he was going to town with his burger hahaha he kept talking about how delicious and perfectly season the meat was and how it goes so well with the goat cheese. I should have tried it hahaha... My son ordered the Farm burger it had duck breast bacon, sharp cheddar cheese, and a fried egg... He loved it! He even wanted to go back the next day to eat again... hahaha... I got the Chanterelle Burger, it had mushrooms, arugala, and fig jam... it was very good... but I didn't get the same OMG its delicious factor like my guys did... hahaha... I felt like I should have ordered something else. The meat was seasoned perfectly on my burger but I guess the mushroom flavor just a bit too strong for me. For dessert we ordered a shake... we got the Creme Brulee with Oreo cookies shake... Brace yourself... for the best shake in your life!!! IT WAS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DELICIOUS!!!!!! I know it sounds like it would be super sweet, but to my surprise it wasn't as sweet as I expected. The creme brulee part had pieces of the crunchy topping mixed into it and so did the oreo portion... At this point my son was fighting off severe food coma... he had eaten so much hahaha... he took a few sips of the shake and that was the perfect ending to his night before he knocked out sleeping at the restaurant... haha ... what is a mother to do besides finish off his shake LOL... LISTEN... if we were there and he fell asleep again... i would finish it off again! LOL... Over all this place is delicious!!! I would recommend it to any of my friends!!! I can't wait to go back to vegas just eat here again!
4	Zipped in for their awesome sweet potato fries (best ever?) cooked to perfection & the #4 shake! Great afternoon snack. Chilled out at the back bar. Good service. I like the burgers at Guy F's better.
5	As a fan of Gordon Ramsay, to me this place does live up to the hype!You can say this place was built for tourists and conventioneers, but damnit, it is good!After seeing BurGR featured on Master Chef in a challenge, I was keen on checking this place out on my next visit to Las Vegas.My gf and I arrived on a beautiful Wednesday afternoon to a short line up.  We took a gander at the amazing flaming signage of BurGR inside Planet Hollywood. Within 10 minutes, we were promptly seated.Our server Brandon was very welcoming and friendly, making us feel at ease.  Throughout the lunch service, he regularly checked in on us and made sure our waters were refilled. He also recommended a great beer pairing with my burger.   Since my gf loves ice tea (the kind you get in Canada), Brandon was aware that Las Vegas didn't have it so he had the bar made up something similar that more than met her standards for a great lemony iced tea, which made her very happy! I had the Farm burger while she had the Euro burger.  Cooked to medium rare, the burgers were juicy and melt in your mouth.  Balanced perfectly, my Farm burger's duck bacon and fried egg, more than complimented the flavors of the juicy beef patty.  The Euro burger according to her could have used a little less blue cheese, but nevertheless she thought it was amazing still with arugula!  The burger buns were fluffy and crisp, as were the fantastic truffle fries, whose portions were more than enough to share for two persons!Sign up for Total Rewards (it's FREE!) to get $1 off all of the items on the menu!Well done Ramsay and staff, you donkey!! ;-)
4	If you are looking for a basic burger made to PERFECTION, Ramsay's Burgr delivers.  Hubby and I visited last year when we went to Vegas.  I wasn't a yelper at that time, so that's the reason the review comes so late.  My only two complaints was it's difficult to find and the seating is very close together so you feel like you are eating with your neighbors.  Other than that though, our experience was fantastic!  We had the blue cheese burger and I think hubby had a regular cheese burger plus sweet potato fries.  Those fries and burgers were TO DIE FOR!!!!  Juicy, perfectly cooked, lots of flavor, and excellent service.  It does get pretty busy, even during non-peak time we had a short wait.  We also had to wait a bit for our food.  Well worth the wait though.  We watch Master Chef and Kitchen Nightmares.  Ramsay is always talking about the importance of being able to make a basic burger right.  He knows his stuff!!!  The menu is pretty small.  Just burgers, but as Ramsay always says a good restaurant has a small menu because it's important to do a few things really well.  If you are a burger lover, it's a must visit when you are in Vegas.  We will definitely visit again when and if we return to Vegas!
3	Where to start.........Staff was super friendly!!! Atmosphere was okay, nothing spectacular. Food was just so-so. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger. This burger looked so goood! Took my first bite and was like "WTH" no taste! I thought, okay maybe it's just me, dining ad my bf try it. Nope! It was very bland, had no flavor. The staff was super nice and exchanged it for the Farm Burger, which I completely recommend. But you're gonna want to get it medium rare. Cook it anymore and it loses flavor. So 3 stars is all I give it.
3	Definitely not bad, though I'd say it doesn't place in the top 5 burgers I've ever had.I have to admit, I stopped here pretty much because of the name. While I do love a good burger, Gordon Ramsay's shows are also some of my favorite guilty pleasure TV. I mean, who doesn't like watching someone break into tears as they're screamed at for burning risotto?I opted for the Euro Burger and the truffle fries, as it sounded like they would make a good pairing. The presentation was quite nice and the food itself was a solid 3 stars. Pricing is what I'd expect for the location. In retrospect I wish I had gone with a different burger, as the Euro has such mild toppings that it really seemed a bit bland. To be fair, one of my co-workers went there the day before and had the Farm Burger, which he said was absolutely amazing. I'm glad I checked it out, but I don't feel terribly compelled to return, especially considering how many restaurants there are to choose from in that area.
5	Perhaps the best burger I have ever had. Chanterelle mushrooms + arugula + figgy-onion jam on a sesame seed bun. Never thought that a burger without mayo or cheese was a burger. I was so wrong. Not only yummy, but it feels like it is good for you.
5	My wife and I are true foodies. We live to eat as opposed to eat to live. We have experienced Petrus in London. a spectacular Gordon Ramsey dining experience. And although BurGR may seem a "burger joint" I can assure you it is an extension of GR's talent. His recognition of quality ingredients + perfect preparation = that memorable experience. Truly the best burg I have ever consumed.
5	Chef Gordon Ramsay, This is what I call perfection. Thank you.  We loved it, best burger we ever ate.
3	Good. Not great. Surely not worth hr wait if there's a line. Did not get a shake. Might have missed out there. Fries were average. Wish we would have tried onion rings. Reasonable pricing. Good beer selection.
5	Best part of our whole trip was eating here!! I've always wanted to eat at a Gordon Ramsey restaurant then I saw Christina was the exec chef I had to eat here. We even got the best seats in the house at the counter watching the chef. Garrett was our server and just made our experience so incredible! We even got the busy Christina to sign my menu - it was a great birthday! The hostess was really rude because we weren't silver club members or whatever but don't let her be the reason not to eat here, the place is amazing! My favorite item was the fury wings. Thank you Garrett and Christina for this unforgettable experience! Now if I can only time it next time to meet Gordon Ramsey!!
1	The only thing good about the meal was the onion rings.  The french fries where cold when they arrived and the dipping sauces were inedible.  Burger not cooked to desired "medium well".  If burgers are what your do, there really should not be any question about when they are done.  With the number of people they serve in a day they should have a well oiled machine, and they didn't.  Disappointed to say the least
4	The food was excellent, and the service was good with regard to her attentiveness. However, because we sat at the bar due to the line, I heard her moan and complain about every single thing. I know I'm in Vegas, but every other word shouldn't be a curse word or bashing of the managers and how they "chewed" her "ass" for not getting something signed, and she didn't "give a s*it"--about ten million times. I thought it was rude and inconsiderate to speak like that in front of customers. The chipotle ketchup was amazing, and the burger was delicious.
5	Came for the burgers and the pretty boys.Was not disappointed.(Fish and crisp sandwich was absolutely excellent and service was great)
5	Wonderful experience... great service and great food to top it off! Was willing to accommodate and substitute beef patty for chicken since I'm not a beef eater.
5	This place is FUEGO !  Easily the Best burger in the City.  I've eaten almost everything on the menu but really enjoy the Euro Burger.  Truffle aioli, goat cheese and warm tomato - BOOM !  Gordon also makes up a great shake but the Chocolate Hazelnut pudding, coffee, praline cookie is mind blowing.  If your UP any money THIS IS THE PLACE TO SPEND IT.
1	I honestly don't think it met basic minimum expectations, and I'm a huge fan of Chef Ramsay..What went well, nothing at all...The long wait in the line, was expected, but didn't seem justified as there were several open tables and view...The flavors of the hell's burger and the Farm burger was good maybe if the food was warm enough..The onion rings and the French fries were mediocre at best..The chili dog was good, but a little too spicy for me.Service? Really poor.. We sat at the bar, and the gentleman behind the bar like any sense of hospitality... You'd expect some sense of interaction with the people at the bar, but none of that..The kitchen? Not good at all.. Our order was confused three times, the appetizers did not come out first, the burgers did, the appetizers were delayed and when they serve the burgers afterwards they were already cold... The guys to my left had similar problem with their food was confused with something else... So between taking a long time to deliver the food, not delivering the appetizers as expected, delivering the cold, the whole experience went downhill fast... Since this happened to the guys next to me to my left it seems like the kitchen was out of control... I would not recommend this
5	Farm burger, euro burger  and the trufle parmesan fries were so good. Service is the best. Alex, our server, made sure everything was alright. Scott, their manager, made sure we were getting the best service. My wife is not a fan of burgers but this is one of the burger places that I can enjoy a burger with her. Thanks.
5	I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay, I've seen every episode of every show he has done, even the little known ones overseas.  However, there is just a little something oft-putting about him having to stamp his name and image everywhere in his restaurants.  I mean, yeah we get it, this is a Gordon Ramsay restaurant, we don't need to be reminded of it everywhere we turn our head. Ok had to just make that remark, but I gotta say this place is great, just amazing burgers, atmosphere, and staff.  I personally with my burgers enjoy fries that are more thin cut instead of the steak fries style he served, and this would be my only suggestion for improvement.  Otherwise for burgers, this place can't be beat.I suggest heading over to Gordon Ramsay steak for sticky toffee pudding for dessert if you have time, instead of the version at BurGR which is modified into push pops.
5	Best burger ever!!! I had the southern Yardbird  (chicken  burger). The flavors were perfect! The sweet potato  fries were awesome too. My blood orange cosmo was a great addition. We were seated at the bar and the bar staff was great. We had a 30 min wait but it was totally worth it.
4	$$$$$ Holly Bizzoly!! Expensive Elite!2 Steaks and 1 appetizer with 4-5 drinks was $270.00??? The food was great and one drink sucked, but that check I am still trying to figure out.When I do, I will come back and explain.To be continued...
4	When visiting in Vegas it really is difficult at times to find a decent place to eat without spending a couple 100 bucks. If you're looking for a good burger this is the place to come. You'll spend 13-17 dollars on a burger (with no side) but it really is tasty. You can tell that the ingredients are good quality and you don't feel greasy and fat afterwards. I got my burger togo and waited about 10 minutes, which isn't terrible. By looks they also had a good selection of beers on draft.
4	We had a great time.  I had hoped for a little better beer selection to go with the burgers, but I managed to find something I like.  I had the "Gordon Burger" which was on special and came with avocado and duck bacon.  It was quite good.  We ordered some sweet potato fries and some truffle fries.  The truffle fries could've been dialed back a notch, but they were good.  Sweet potato fries came with powdered sugar and some kind of non-descript Jello-pudding-looking sauce.  My wife had the Britannia burger, which she liked, though she did have to send it back to get the chutney that comes with it.  Sending back a dish at a Ramsay restaurant brought a smug satisfaction that money can't buy.  We all had a good laugh about it.  Our server was great, the food was great, the atmosphere was great.  The price was appropriate.
3	My husband and I both love burgers so thinking if you put them with a famous chef backing them it should be good.   My first thought was that the chairs are too low for the table.  My mouth was practically at table height so I didn't like that.   The restaurant is set up nicely and the fire decoration in front is cool.My second thought is that if you have your drink options on an IPad only and wifi isn't working then you have no drink menus.   This is exactly what happened so we had to keep tossing out beer names to our server to see if they had them.   Really annoying!I ordered a cheeseburger and specified I didn't want any pink when cooked.  My husband ordered the farm burger and wanted a little pink.   You guessed it, theyMixed it up and I had pink.  Not sure if its a server issue or the kitchen. We also ordered the fries which come with two types of ketchup.   Overall, my burger was good.  The bun was fresh and the burger was a nice size.  My husband really like his.  The flavor of the egg really added a "Pop" to the sandwich.   The fries were disappointing.   No real flavor unless you dipped them in ketchup.Speaking of ketchup, the server dropped a container of ketchup and it splashed all over the man sitting next to us.   He had a nice Izod shirt on and it stained it terribly.    Couldn't believe they actually brought the guy a bill.    We were told he felt funny about them paying for his wife's salad, but we felt they shouldn't even have given him the option. Not cool, as I am sure the shirt is ruined.Glad we tried it, but not likely to hurry back.
3	This place had great service and the burger was great. The fries were a bit to seasoned ( gave all 9 of us a tummy ache) ordered chicken burger for the kids and was still too spicy. The smoke from the casino was very overwhelming. May return sans kids.
4	Excellent service, a bit pricey even considering the location but ultimately, the burgers fell a bit below high expectations (Farm Burger and Euro Burger). If you're familiar with the LA burger joints, here's a list of places with a clearly better burger (in no particular order):1. Umami2. Tuning Fork3. Father's Office4. Pie N' Burger5. Local PeasantSo after waiting 30 minutes to get a table and then waiting a bit too long for our burger to be delivered, along with a high bill, we left satisfied and happy we went... but a bit underwhelmed.
4	This is a laid back Gordon Ramsay outlet with excellent fare. The sandwiches were fantastic! The fries left a bit to be desired. If they were better this place would be an instant 5 out of 5. We ate at the bar which was enjoyable. The stools had backs which make it more palatable than many bar stools. The beer choices were ok with a few good craft choices. The price was excellent if you like good beer and bad if you like simple mainstream beer like Coors (all choices were the same price).This is definitely a spot I want to visit again in the future!
2	Just had the* coconut strawberry milkshake, fries, american burg and wings. Asked for well done and still got medium rare. The fries were fresh but not really prepared well. The milk shake mightt bethel best part until it is room temp and just tastes bad. Tried it as i am a fan of gordan but pretty disappponted.  I wont be back. Maybe the chef needs to be yelled at what is the diff between well done n medium rare.
5	This was everything I had hoped for and more!  Although my hubby would beg to differ, he ordered a fish sandwich at a burger place!  So he was disappointed, I, on the other hand, was not!  I ordered the Chanterelle burger YUM!  The atmosphere was great, service was expected for a popular Vegas place.  We started with onion rings...a must order!  We will visit again!
3	It was OK... the burger was good but not spectacular.  The space was modern and inviting but overall it didn't match they hype.  Not a bad experience but not particularly memorable.
4	I think the 4 star is pretty justifiable for this restaurant. The hamburgers are great. It definitely has some twist from your regular burgers. Each burger has something special to it. My first time here, I tried the Euro burger and Farm burger. I know a lot of people love the farm burger, but for me personally it was a little too heavy. I prefer to have some vegetables in my burger as well. Euro burger for me was a better balanced burger. The second time at this place, I tried the Euro Burger and Hell Kitchen's burger. Hell Kitchen definitely has a fusion-ey taste to it. It was really good as well. BUT IT IS THE PARMESAN FRIES THAT WERE SO SO SO GOOD. You have to try these fries. The oreo shake was really good as well if you have the stomach for extra sugar. The food overall is definitely something you should try if you like burgers. The only downside is the long long wait. Last time I was there it was an hour and half wait so be prepared. Just don't go over when you are super hungry expecting to be seated right away because it won't happen. In short,4.5-5 stars for the food and 3.5 stars for the service and the long wait.
3	Exxxxpensive! Yes, it's Gordon Ramsay and all, but $103 for 3 burgers, 1 fish & chip sandwich, 1 order of fries, 3 soft drinks and 1 beer is ridiculous. My family and especially my two sons are big fans of GR, but he's awfully proud of his prices. He must have Vegas confused with London, because he's charging in Pounds, and I'm not talking weight. The burgers were tasty and my son's fish & chip sandwich was a hoot - it's a full piece of fish served in what I would call Sizzler's finest Texas toast. The fries come with a curry ketchup and BBQ ketchup - both are great. The wait staff are terrific, especially the guy with the 12" tall Mohawk. I can't remember his name, but he took pictures with us and was genuinely a nice guy. Other than the price, the only thing I can complain about is the hostess staff. They treat you like crap - you're just a number to them. They have no personality and make no effort to get you excited about the meal - give me you cell number and we'll text you. NEXT!
3	VERDICT: A very juicy burger served as dryly as possible that makes you question the very nature of existence in the ambiance of a hospital cafeteria in hell.This is Gordon Ramsey's burger joint in Planet Hollywood in Vegas.  I don't usually review Strip restaurants, because it is usually overpriced tourist trap fare.  I figure that BurGR would provide, at the very least, a unique burger experience.  I had cousins visiting to watch a hockey game and was given the parameters that they wanted a burger or steak.  It was a perfect opportunity to try BurGR.First, you are greeted with an artistic wall of fire where you wait to be seated.  Nothing is more welcoming after being in the 115 degree summer heat than a nice hot furnace to stand by.  I guess this is some sort of German existential performance art piece.  You get to experience the horror of Hell's Kitchen.  The pain, the suffering, the agony I suppose only add to the culinary experience.  You must suffer before you know pleasure.  Make sure to be seated in the "No Exit" section for a full sensory experience.The service was excellent.  I would describe the decor as "newly decorated hospital cafeteria in the seventies".  Which I think is in vogue?  I don't know.  Of course, there are televisions broadcasting all the latest in sports, because the world caters to sports lovers and sports are one of two things you'll ever see on televisions in restaurants.  The only other thing being, of course, menus.The burgers did take a while, but that was to be expected.  One of my cousins ordered a plain burger with nothing on it, which leads me to believe that he gets the whole German existential culinary experience better than I do.  I got a burger with fancy cheeses on  it.  We also split two orders of fries.  So, 4 burgers, two fries, and three sodas came to over $90.I have a hard time describing the burger, because it was both good and bad...like life.  This would be ideal if I was taking a course in philosophy, but I wanted an all over good burger, not one sprinkled with the bitter disappointments of a life spent in agonizing self-contemplation.  The meat portion was perfection.  I truly have not had a burger patty done to such high standards ever before.  The bun, however, was dry.  I don't mean just without condiments, I mean dry like it had built-in desiccant.  Any juiciness of the burger was offset by the moisture destroying sponges on the top and bottom.  My saliva was not enough.  I found I needed to down food with water.The fries were unexceptional.  The garlic Parmesan fries did little in the way of flavor.  They were basically a regular order of fries with a sprinkle of Parmesan and garlic on the top, definitely not worth the extra money.  The fries came with different condiments, one of which was curry ketchup, a staple in many European countries and a condiment that just can't seem to make it in the United States.I'm mixed as to whether to recommend this restaurant or not.  I feel it's great if you want an expensive total sensory German existential philosophy adventure making you see through the veil-covered illusion that is life.  Or if you got the money, try it once.
4	I wanted to eat here for a while now, so decided to have this with the group on Saturday night. You have to stand in line, so they can get you a seat. I wish they had a better way of doing this cause it was so super hot staying next to the fire, also all those seats and slot machine just calling our names while in line. Eventually, when you get to the front of the line someone will ask how many in your party. We told her we were a party of 10. She let us out of line and ask for our phone number. She said she will call us when to come back since it was a big party. Once again, I don't know why they didn't do this at the beginning. Oh well! We ended up having to separate our party cause I guess it would be hard and long to get that many tables together since it looks like most table were made for only two people. On to the food: Beer battered maui onion rings-these were okay. I'm a fan of onion rings but it wasn't something I wanted more and more of Truffle parmesan fries-I finally learn I'm not a big fan of truffle. Also, the fries were very very very salty. I think I would try the sweet potato or the just fries next time Hell's Kitchen Burger-I was in love with this burger. I ended up getting no bun and making it into a salad wrap. So, I bet if I had it on a bun I would even be more in love with it. This burger had every sense going when you bite into it. You have the spicy from the roasted jalapeno peppers, the coolness with the avocado, and the sweetness with oven roasted tomato. All together just made a wonderful bite of a burger. Yummy. Shake #2-this shake had coconut pudding, strawberry shake, and chocolate cookies. It was delish!!! Nice and creamy! Prefect. I think I had two sips and my hubby was already finish with it. It was that good. Overall, if you're craving for a burger and shake. This is the place for you! Good stuff.
3	Definitely an over-rated spot. The wait was an hour on a Saturday night.  Good thing we came early.  It took forever to get seated after the hour mark.  The service was really good in general.   I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger and added a fried egg to it because I love fried eggs on my burger.  Was the burger good?  Yes, but not worth an hour wait or the average sticker price of $15 a burger.  For that price I actually prefer Red Robin (I know, how blasphemous but so true).  And that even comes with bottomless fries and the burgers are juicier.  The fries here were pretty good but not worth the high price tag.  I did try someone's Oreo shake and it was REALLY good.  That's probably worth ordering for sure.  I'm glad I tried this once but I probably won't come back again, nor recommend this place.  Not worth the wait or the price.
3	The lines are long to eat here at peak hours, and from the Hell's Kitchen-esque decor to the souvenir menu that you're encouraged to take home you never forget that you're eating at a tourist trap.The burgers themselves? They're okay. You can get as good of a burger at several upscale burger bars on the Strip, and I can think of several better burgers I could get at home. [Go to Houston. Find Bernie's Burger Bus. Thank me later.] They're expensive with fussy ingredients, they're on the dry side, and whatever they decided to top my Hog Burger with just didn't quite work. But we were on vacation and we didn't have to dress up, so I just smiled and watched football with my wife. It all worked out well in the end.
3	Don't submit to the hype.It was an overrated (literally) restaurant. I had the Farm Burger and Truffle Parmesan Fries. The burger was overly dry and bland. The fries were bland as well. Please salt the fries!Go for the experience, but not the food. The burger at Guy Fieri at the Quad was a lot better.
5	Had lunch here with my wife and was very pleased. My burger was delicious and actually made the way i like it, "medium". Servers were all nice and enjoyed our time there.
5	MAKE RESERVATIONS FIRST. That's the best advice I can give. The food here is phenomenal, the staff is very educated on the menu and delivers exceptional service and the food is absolutely amazing. You can make reservations and then wander around Planet Hollywood for a bit, then walk back up and get a table. Once you're inside, the service doesn't take too long at all, it's just a matter of getting a table. I will definitely go back here next time I'm in Vegas. Make sure to try the fries for sure!
5	Very delicious. ..the burger was cooked perfectly and the meat was top notch.  Roll was light and fresh. Service was amazing. ...drinks and waters always full and Dorota was a great server...shout out to her! If you are looking to take a load off....have a diverse tap beer menu and a truly delicious burger......BurGR is a must stop. PS reasonable prices on beer and burgers!!!!!!
3	The burgers are great, but is worth the wait? Depends how much you want to eat at Gordon Ramsay restaurant, because there are plenty of just as good burgers around the strip without a wait. The chicken wings were honestly the best thing we had with this meal, simply perfect. The burgers were all nice and very tasty, cooked perfectly. The fries were good as well. I also ordered a milk shake, I forget which one, but I think it was something with banana. It was alright, extremely rich and thick, not for the faint of heart. Good, but pass on it unless you're willing to wait for it.
5	Gordon really knows his burgers.  I have been here twice in the last 6 weeks.  We loved our first experience so much we had to stop again on our way through Las Vegas.  My only complaint the second time was my own fault.  For some reason I went with Med Well which I almost never do and it was more like well.  Super dry and definitely took away from the meal.  The first time I did order it medium and it was great!!!  The quality of products that Gordon uses is top of the line.  From the Parmesan just bursting with fruity flavor on top of the Truffle Fries, the interesting dipping sauces that come with every App and Fry side, to the attention to detail in the marinade of the mushrooms on the Chanterelle Burger.  The first time around I had the Farm Burger due to a suggestion by a You Tube Fav of mine Jack on The Go.  He and his crew said the Farm Burger was the best burger of all time.  Seeing this I just had to try it.  I didn't myself love the Farm Burger cuz I don't love breakfast.  It kinda tasted like breakfast on a burger.  With that being said, it tasted like the best breakfast of bacon and eggs you've ever had on one of the best burgers you've ever had.  Like I said I'm not a huge fan of Breakfast and since I already had bacon and eggs that morning it was a bit of a disappointment for me.  Not because the flavor wasn't there but, more so it's just not what I was expecting.  The bacon itself was to die for, a duck breast bacon.  The egg was a little more cooked than I would of liked since I like it to run over the burger when you bite in but the quality in the egg was there.  We also tried the Sweet Potato Fries our first time.  Dusted in Vanilla powdered sugar and coming with interesting dipping sauces they were great!  Second time around we tried the Truffle Fries, homemade ketchup and what I thought was a garlic aioli.  The mushrooms on the Chanterelle Burger were marinated in some kind of rosemary something and they were just divine!  The Jalapeno Poppers were another App tried the first time around and they were great!  I unfortunately got the one they joke you with that is stuffed with all the seeds.  Couldn't taste much after the heat in the one but, their presentation and flavor of the ranch they were dipped in was amazing!  We had amazing service both times and even got a chance to get a glimpse of one of the hot dogs on the menu at the table next to us and it looked great!  Don't let the line scare you they move through it quickly and the whole vibe of the restaurant moves quickly without creating a frantic environment for the diners.  I just love everything about this place and would recommend it to anyone.  Next time I stop through I'm going for the Euro Burger.  mmmmmm Goat Cheese!
4	Anytime I have friends come to las Vegas I bring them here to GR BurGR.  The burgers here are top notch, and I'd say I can't think of a better burger in Vegas.  The burgers are made from chopped up ribeye, so feel free to order the burger rare.  The truffle fries are superb as well, and one order is more than enough for 2 people.  The prices may seem a bit high, 13-18 for a burger, and 8-14 for apps and sides, but the quality and taste of the food definitely is in line with the prices.  There is a consistent line here, so be prepared for a little bit of a wait unless you're a Platinum or above member of Total Rewards.In short, if you've never been here, you definitely have to give it a shot.
5	Really great burgers. I had the Farm Burger  and I loved it. I came with 3 other people and we all loved it. The onion rings were fantastic too. We also had the Oreo shake, it was great.
4	The burgers are tasty but not worth the wait. Fries portion is too much and they couldn't do a half of order for me. It was frustrating. The burger was a little cold.
5	My long anticipate restaurant to try out. We were there early, around 6:30pm ... waiting line wasn't bad. We walked up to the counter and give them our phone number, they will text you when table is ready. We hang out in the casino for about 50mins, finally got the text! Yeah!!The food!! We ordered Truffle Parmesan Fries - thick cut fries with nice touch truffle oil, it comes with Special Ketchup and Aioli Sauce. Fell in love with the Aioli Sauce, so good!Hubby's favorite Beer Battered Maui Onion Ring with Chipotle Ketchup and Cheddar Ranch Dips. It was super light and crispy, my friend said he can taste the beer!Hell's Kitchen Burger medium rare with lovely roasted tomato and spicy jalapeno peppers, prefect balance with cool creamy avocado! The beef was perfect medium rare!My friend ordered Southern Yardbird Burger - per my friend, it was the most tender juicy chicken burger he even tasted. It was indeed very tender!Finally, I wanted to try something other than burger, so I ordered something I really miss since I came back from London. Fish & Crisp Sandwich - it was a huge piece of fish served in between thick Texas Toast, topped with thin crisp with salted and vinegar. The fish was perfectly fried, light and crispy, steamy and flaky fish!I definitely wanted to go back!
3	Is the best burger around? Not really. I'm a die-hard burger fan. Loved the fries, they serve beer and I was able to eat outside and read a book. The staff isn't overwhelming, just the right amount of attention. The burger? I ordered the basic principal. I enjoyed it and will be back. Cheap? No. But the place is nice and did I mention they serve beer. I was quite content to chow down on my burger with good Sam Adams.
2	You can find a better burger but you can't pay more for it.  $40 for a burger, fries and shake!
3	I was surprised that there were no grass fed beef options on the menu. The fries (both regular and truffle Parmesan) were good and our server was super friendly and knowledgable about gluten sensitivities.
4	I loved it here! This is more than just a regular burger place (and the pricing reflects that.) I had the Farm Burger which has duck bacon on a steak burger and a fried egg. It was cooked to perfection and delicious. And what is a burger without fries? I ordered the truffle, garlic and parmesan version. It was very large, (enough for two), not too overwhelming truffle flavor. And then the shake, creme brulee oreo. It was the highlight! Awesome!Burger, fry and shake? $45.11 Wow, but this is high end even for Vegas. Worth trying and even worth sharing. Ill be back!
5	Great food and welcoming service even with our HUGE group.Drinks were always coming and the food, though took a long time, was perfect!  The parm truffle fries are amazing!!2nd time there and will deff return again.
4	Went for lunch early on a Tuesday - no line and I ate at the bar.Britannia burger was very good.  When you order a burger, that's all you get.  If you want a side, you can order fries.  I got the parmesan truffle fries.  The burger may have been good, but the fries were excellent.  They came with two kinds of dipping sauce.Burger, fries and two drafts - $43.00.  About averarage for that part of town.  Friendly staff.  I couldn't finish it all.  Overall, I'd give the place a thumbs up.BTW I saw quite a few people order the farm burger (it has an egg on it).  Looked good- I'll try that next time.
5	Farm burger was sooo tasty egg medium over easy and medium for the meat. Milk shake #5 was really tasty and the hummus was good too. Ughh. #foodcoma
4	Value for cost was decent. Seats and tables were strangely low. You won't rub elbows with chefs...but coupon mavens. I had the Gordon. In my opinion, they should have switched out the burger patty for the fancy ham. Instead, they topped it. Sort of busted and jenky. No regrets.
3	Came by to try the burgers at Planet Hollywood Hotel after watching KA at MGM. Not sure if it was worth the trip to be honest. Burgers were not as tasty as I had expected, perhaps my expectations were too high. Perhaps it was the choice of burger too, had the American burger - was nothing to shout about, kinda tastes like the super duper burger I had a couple of weeks back. Maybe I'll come back to try the other burgers if I'm in the area.
2	Average and decent burger at best. I was expecting more from a Gordon Ramsay joint but it was sadly uninspiring. I guess that's what happens when a chef expands his reach and turns an art into a pure business. Service was mediocre. Asked for a set of cutlery and the waiter forgot. Asked for extra bacon for my burger and either the kitchen forgot or the waiter did not write it down. I wouldn't recommend this.
3	Burger is good.  Not great.  Had the hells kitchen burger.  Not a bad burger.  Fries are large cut fries.  Good.  The oreo shake was fantastic.  Why just a 3 star?  When you pay over 13 bucks for a burger...  it should be better than you average burger.  Staff was helpful and bartender/server was fantastic.
4	Definitely not disappointed! I ordered a Hell's Kitchen burger and my boyfriend ordered the Euro burger. Perks of being in a relationship is I get to try more dishes of food! The Hell's Kitchen burger was not as spicy as i thought it would be and had hoped for, but it was definitely flavorful. The euro burger was rich and tasty. Both were delicious and paired nicely with the Innis and Gunn beer. This beer was smooth and has a subtle hint of whisky  definitely worth a try! Price is a little high for what it is, but then again, we are on the strip.
2	Average and decent burger at best. You can easily find any other place that serves burgers of this quality. Patty was dry and bland. Toppings for the burgers were boring and uninspiring. I was expecting more from a Gordon Ramsay joint but this was really quite disappointing. Service was mediocre. Asked for a new set of cutlery and the waiter forgot. Asked for bacon with my burger and either the waiter forgot to write it down or he kitchen overlooked. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
3	Food was good. Burger was supposed to be medium but it was medium well. Service lacked a bit.
3	Okay so it's date night and the GF and I decide to try out Gordon Ramsay's Burger spot in Planet Hollywood. As much as I disdain PH as a property, my experience with BurGR was actually pretty good! We arrived right around 5:00 pm on a Friday.SERVICE -We arrived early enough that there wasn't a wait. Hostess was friendly and prompt. The restaurant was quite full, mostly of people visiting the valley I suppose. The wait staff and support were attentive and responsive to assorted requests (like paper napkins). Drink order was taken immediately and our water glasses were never empty.FOOD -BurGR is a premium burger place. While I think "premium" and "burger" are somewhat conflicting, this establishment makes a solid effort to deliver a casual+ experience.We opened with some apps; the Bao Buns, Fury Chicken Wings and a Chili Dog. The disappointment in this group the obvious one. Bao Buns ?!?!? At a burger place??? What was EVERY on my mind??? Definitely out of place on the menu and on the taste buds! The wings and the dog, however, are worth the order. Both were flavorful and well prepared.We both had burgers, obviously, and they were really well prepared. Buns were toasted and soft, not too dry or stale. Beef was cooked to order and prepared perfectly; A+ here.We ordered the truffle fries as a compliment. The fries were great, but give a thought to the dipping sauces as some of the combinations get a little funky. All and all very satisfied with the meal.*small disappointment on dessert choices, only shakes are available*ATMOSPHERE - This is a premium casual restaurant and, for me at least, I don't like seeing shorts, flip flops, baseball caps, and tank tops in the dining room after 5:00 pm. Granted, this is an establishment on the strip, but if that's your crowd move your price point to $7-$8 for a burger, not $13-$25.The place is active and loud, so it's more suited for a group to meet before an evening out on the town or to precede an active date night. Energy is UP!Last thing, be aware that the seating is unusually short/closer to the ground, than most places. I'm 6'2" and it felt like my knees were practically in my chest. Not horrible, but ...unusual. All and all, I invested $148+ tip and had an "ok" evening. I would go back with friends from out of town and maybe sit at the bar on the next trip.
5	All I have to say isFreshly made ketchup with the Parmesan friesEuro Burger was ridiculously good.I have to shout out the Ketchup again.
5	One of the best burgers I've had in a while.  Burgers are huge.  Their shakes are like a meal on its own.  I would recommend getting the shakes after your meal or else you'll be too full to enjoy the burger.
4	I love this place! I have been there at least 8 times and the food is simple and great. I love the burgers but the deserts are my favorites... Yummy... Sticky toffee pudding and the hazelnut/coffee shake is to die for - got to try it.Jalapeno poppers are all time favorite.I gave them 4 stars bc they are not consistent and their fries sucks :( I order the sweet potato fires instead of the dry tasteless fires.
4	I cant give it a 5. The buns were too big and no flavor. I got the farm burger it was good but not amazing. We also had trouble flagging down a server to get some ketchup. The service was a bit nuts as in bad. The truffle fries were very good and iced tea fresh.
5	Delicious, awesome customer service! The burgers were awesome,  desserts scrumptious ... Gordon Ramsey is a genuis!
2	So disappointing! My friends and I were all looking forward to eating here before seeing a show. One of my gals had already been here once before and said it was very good so we had pretty high expectations. Plus, I love Gordon Ramsay and watch everything and anything that he has done on television. Luckily, we didn't have to wait for a table because I had a platinum total rewards card. The line was reeeeeally long and to be honest, if we did have to wait I would have been pissed.Our waitress seemed nice but it was impossible to hear her even though the restaurant wasn't very loud. Throughout our meal she was replaced by several different staff members so it got somewhat confusing. Different people would bring out our food and then other people would get our drinks which made it feel like a disorganized mess. Food was ok but totally not worth the hype or price tag. Onions rings - good crunch but very greasyJalapeno poppers - probably the best thing we had, but I'm pretty sure they forgot our "fiery surprise"French fries - decent, but could have used more salt and longer cook timeI had the American burger because I was not feeling very adventurous and I figured it would be the hardest one to screw up. The bun was good but the burger overall was totally bland. While the cook on the burger was good, the meat did not seem seasoned enough at all. Additionally, there is no condiment on this burger which made for a completely flavorless experience. No fancy ketchup, no "secret sauce" aioli, not even a basic mustard. Nothing! You'd think they would want to put something like that on an "American burger"..? Or maybe that's just me.While I liked that they used sweet pickles instead of dill, that was about the most stand out thing for me. My husband felt the same way about his bleu cheese burger. Not enough flavor and just overall extremely unimpressive from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. We also got the sticky toffee pudding push up pops which were, in short, disgusting. The cake was extremely dry and crumbly with a flavor reminiscent of burnt molasses rather than nice toffee. The salted peanut ice cream was decent but seemed completely out of place with the other flavor. For me, the two did not meld well at all. I didn't finish mine. I'm not sure how this place consistently gets lines over 10 people deep, but I definitely won't be back. Super Meh. I'd sooner return to Stripburger (or even Carl's Jr. for that matter...sorry GR!)
5	So after trying Guy Fieri we HAD to try out Gordon Ramsay on our last day in Vegas...This was a really tough choice between the two! Everything was amazing! I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger. This comes with avocado, cheese, jalapeno peppers. The burger was just right! To drink I got the skinny screw. It was delicious! You have to get it! They don't have their drinks on a menu. The waiter came with an ipad and pulled up their drinks for us to look at. & if I remember correctly they had 32 different beers to choose from! We also ordered the beer battered onion rings. OMG! They were some of the best onion rings I ever had. They came with a ranch dipping sauce that was so good I wanted to take some home with me! This was a really tough one for me. Between Guy Fieri and Gordon Ramsay they both had different things that I really enjoyed. I liked my burger at Guy Fieri better and the fact that it came with a variety of fries for no extra charge. However, I loved my drink and onion rings here at Gordon Ramsay. Both very pricey but well worth it. I'll definitely be back to try more items on the menu next time I'm in vegas!
4	My favorite burger place of all!! Really good especially the raspberry drink. The fries are even better. Very full after finished all the fries. They have unlimited refill for raspberry tea
3	My dad is obsessed with burgers and demanded that we eat at BurGR instead of Mon Ami Gabi; I'm not still not convinced that this was a good choice. My mother and I split the kale Caesar salad, which was my favorite part of the meal.  The dressing wasn't overly heavy and the apple complimented the bitterness of the kale, making it surprisingly palatable.  Even if you find kale to be the worst vegetable in the universe, which my mom and I do, you will probably enjoy this salad.  My dad and I had the farm burger, which my dad loved; I, however, did not.  The duck bacon that they put on top of the burger had a stringy consistency which made it hard to eat and activated my gag reflex.  The egg yolk had dripped all over my plate even before it made it to the table, making the bottom of an otherwise delightful bun soggy.  The burger itself was well-cooked, juicy, and flavorful.  All this combined made for an average burger.  My mom skipped the burger and ordered fish and chips instead.  I don't understand why it is served in giant sandwich roll which makes it impossible to eat unless you can unhinge your jaw.  She also said that the fish was bland and drenched it in ketchup to give it flavor.The service was good and the waitress was attentive however, she gave us the wrong drinks and then forgot to bring us water with lemon in it. Overall, this was a disappointing experience and I won't be coming back anytime soon.
4	We usually try to avoid these celebrity chef eateries, but we both really wanted a burger and decided to stop in while in Vegas for a couple of days. It's hard to tell WTF Planet Hollywood is - is it a mall? A hotel? A casino? Weird, since I think of it as a TGI Friday's with a Hollywood theme, but whatever. I'm sure a name and concept change is coming in the not-so-distant future. So, the burgers - were awesome!!! I had the American (I know, I know - boring!!!) and my fiance had the Farm (egg, duck bacon - he was instantly in love). Onion rings were amazing. The drinks are listed on an iPad. Totally impersonal and ridiculous - the one our waiter had took a dump while he was trying to show it to us, and he awkwardly scurried away to get us a new one. I hate those things, I hope they go out of style ASAP. I would definitely go back for more of those rings and one of those tasty sounding shakes!
5	You don't have to wait in line if you're a platinum member!  The whole Menu is  cheaper if you are A platinum total rewards member (: The chicken burger is to die for the fries are also really good ! The burgers look small nut they are filing
4	We were there 11:30pm on a Saturday night, it's not that busy, so we were sit right away. The waitress is super friendly. They use an iPad and leaves it on the table for us to select our cocktails. We ordered onion rings, fries, the 5 spice chicken slider, the hell kitchen's burger which was super spicy for me, but it's so delicious! Yum.
5	Finally had time to do a review on this place!! Let's talk about location, it was inside Planet Hollywood's casino floor right along the strip. Decor and ambience was really nice. The whole place seemed a lot like what we watched on television of Hell's Kitchen. The sign, "BURGR GORDON RAMSEY," was made of glass with the inside lit with real fire. It was a sight to see! My bf and I decided to eat here on the second day we arrived in Vegas which was smacked on a Friday. Everywhere was packed with people going to eat, shopping and nightclubs. The restaurant was a full house but the wait wasn't long. There were two options for the waiting: one was to put your name on an iPad and put down how big or small is your party and they will call you when the table is ready or you can wait in the line which wasn't bad because we waited for about 15 minutes and we got seated. Upon being seated and looking at the menu (which is quite small and gets to the point of what burger was most recommended, it was really easy to choose). My bf got the Hell's Kitchen Burger while I got the Farm Burger. We also got the Truffle Parmesan Fries. Fries do not come with the burgers. Waiting for the food took roughly 30-45 minutes but my bf said it was worth it and he never says anything is worth it until this place. He devoured his burger and are almost all the fries and said it was great. He loved this place and would want to visit again. I thought my burger can do a little veggie in it but regardless it's a great burger for meat lovers.
5	This is our favorite place to eat in Las Vegas! Burgers shakes and sweet potato fries are all great! We stop there every time we passed through, we recommend it to anyone.
4	This place is obviously a big tourist attraction, and it works. The blue burger and "just" fries I got were nothing short of excellent! Service was good, too. We got lucky and did not have to wait in line to get inside, since we went on a Wednesday night.One nice touch that was unique was that when you get the bill at the end, there is an iPhone inside asking you to complete a survey based on your experience. Somebody must have money if he can put an iPhone inside every bill holder!The only thing I don't like about this place is that it is too loud inside. It's one of those restaurants where the music is played so loud that it's hard to hear your server or even have a conversation for that matter. However, I let them know about that in the survey, so at least they seem to care about customer feedback.I would gladly come back to try another burger. Gordon Ramsay did well here.
3	Food was very good. The menu is well thought out and executed, and I recommend items be ordered as they are presented on the menu - no real changes necessary. Service was VERY bad. I was shocked. We sat at the bar. There are now plenty of burger places in Vegas, no reason to pay a premium price and deal with sub-par service. Groups of hosts, and servers chatting in corners. Nonchalant service. lackadaisical approach to management. I can go into detail - but I'll save that. You'll enjoy your meal - but I honestly expected MUCH better service and a better eye to detail from the management team (it starts at the top).
5	Tammy the waitress was amazing . Make sure u ask for her. Food was also really good!!!
5	Great ambiance! Loved the decor and setting. Food was very good. The ala carte prices, for sides, were way too high ($8 for a small fry and $4 for a soda). Burgers were good. My daughter had the hot dog (no kids menu so they rip you off by making your little one order a full meal). Overall... Loved it. This was our second time here.
5	What an amazing burger place and not too bad of prices either to eat at a Gordan restaurant. My husband and I shared the Euro burger and Truffle fries. Delicious. The burger came with a roasted tomato and goat cheese on it. Perfection! The truffle oil and Parmesan were not just sprinkled on top of the fries, but throughout which made them superb. The staff was friendly and on point. Make sure to save room for dessert because the shakes are sinful. All are topped with pudding and a cookie, which sounds a bit different but it works. We got the chocolate shake topped with caramel pudding and a toffee cookie. The best chocolate shake I've ever gotten. Just the right amount of cocoa and sweetness.
2	Oversalted overpriced garbage.I ordered the Farm burger. The duck bacon tasted like a salt-lick. The burger, itself, had almost no flavor. It was a good-sized patty, though. I asked for roasted jalapenos. For a SLIVER of jalapeno I got charged $3.00 and of course the waiter didn't even bother to mention that I'd be getting reamed, but hey it's Vegas. My wife ordered the Hell's Kitchen. It was also bland and the mushy tomatoes were disgusting and didn't complement the burger at all. The fries were decent, skin on and thick. One order was more than enough for two people. The fries are the reason BOOGR isn't getting one star. I would've preferred plain ketchup to the over spiced curry and chipotle travesties that came with the fries. They had regular ketchup but, again, it was super salty. It appears the only flavor Gordon Ramsey understands is salt.Service: There are signs telling you to check with the hostess before getting into line, so I asked the surly bimbo up front and she simply told me to go stand in line. What was I supposed to check-in for?There's a local place in Pasadena, CA that has almost the same burger but does it SO much better. Someone should scream at Ramsey for this trainwreck of a burger place.
5	I don't really know what to say, except this is the best burger I've ever had in my life. The patty was juicy and well cooked, and the combination of tastes complemented everything perfectly. It really was as good as a burger can get. Just watch out though, the Hell's Kitchen's burger can get SPICY. The chanterelle mushroom burger, which my gf got, was also delicious. The parmesan truffle fries were tasty as well, and matched the burger well. The line can get long, but if you only have two people, they guarantee 20 minute or less wait if you stand in line. I waited about 4 minutes. Seriously consider making this place a staple of my vegas trips in the future.
1	If you love burgers, skip this place. This place has great appetizers and shakes. Not so much the burgers....We are so disappointed by the experience we had. My euro burger was average. My fiance's burger came completely well done even though we ordered medium. The meat was stiff and there's no pink whatsoever. If this is just another burger joint, we wouldn't complain. But this is Gordon Ramsay's restaurant. He's very strict about how food should be. How in the world do you make this noob mistake? Plus, the server didn't even give us any discounts or anything. She just made us wait an extra ten minutes for a new burger which was cut in half. Not worth the premium.This is a heavy blow to his reputation.
4	Chanterelle Burger. That's all you need to know when you're going there. That burger by itself will get a good 5 stars rating. The fries, onion rings, salads, the service and the horrible waiting time and the high price are pushing the experience down towards the 2-3 stars area, but that wonderful burger saves the day. A classic 4 star
3	Food was pretty good aside from the fact that they ignored our food allergy requests. Had two people allergic to peanuts at our table - I ordered a salad that came with peanut dressing, and told them we had allergies at our table and asked them to substitute a different dressing. Instead they brought the salad covered in peanuts, and the peanut dressing. Accidentally tasted the dressing thinking it was the substitute dressing I had asked for - Other places in Vegas were so considerate and even printed 'peanut allergy' on our ticket to alert the kitchen of a severe allergy. This place acted like they had never seen a peanut allergy.
3	"OvR" Rated****************After rolling out of bed at 2 PM during my Vegas weekend, I felt like getting a  greasy burger to counter my hangover.  I am always skeptical about hyped up burgers from famous chefs.  Quite honestly, I chose this place because it was easy walking distance.  We bypassed the line and sat at the counter.  The decor and service were pretty good.  I ordered the  "Hell's Kitchen burger," one of their more popular burgers.  It was good, but just OK.   Truffle Parmesan fries were pretty good.  Good thing I came at the hour I did, because there was a sizable line forming.  Overall, I would not come back again.  If you are interested in a tasty burger without the waiting,   I actually recommend Holsteins at the Cosmopolitan.  Its a hidden gem.  Delicious
5	I love this place! The food was aaamazing! I had the devil dawg and it was very everything I hoped it would be. Delicious!
4	BurGR definitely lives up to the hype. The burgers were top notch. When we went the wait for the food was a little long and our waitress, while not out right rude, did not seem to enjoy being there and didn't seem to have much patience. I was skeptical of the truffle aioli, but it was in fact delicious. I definitely suggest this restaurant to everyone and don't be scared of the aoili. :)
5	This place is great! Love the ambiance from both inside and out of the restaurant. We will the had cut fries that came with Chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup. The curry ketchup was out of this world delicious. Our burgers were so flavorful and cooked perfectly. I had the butterscotch pudding and banana shake. O-M-G, this was life changing. I haven't stopped thinking about it since we left Vegas. Come here. It's worth the wait.
3	Food was good no doubt. Service needs some major adjustments...the wait in line to be seated took about 45 minutes, after beinging seated it took about 15 minutes for waitress to take our order. The food took about another 30 minutes.Even though the food was good the wait time leaves a regretful taste not soon forgotten
1	This is not the first time I been to this place. If you are successfully get a table and get served with food. You will probably rate a 5 stars for their food. For my experience I waited 20 mins in the line and got seated at the bar. (SERIOUSLY DONT TAKE THE BAR) we ended up waiting for 1 hour and leave without any food!!!! We have talked to the server and he doesn't seem to be helpful whatsoever.
3	I'm a major Gordon Ramsay fangirl...and one of my life's ultimate goals is to try EVERY possible Gordon Ramsay restaurant on the PLANET--and Mars if we were happen to get there and GR opens a restaurant there.Anyways, I've been to Las Vegas a fair share of times and I've always wanted to try BurGR...and I had my lucky chance finally last spring. Generally the wait is RIDICULOUS come lunch time if you don't have a reservation...so if you want to come for lunch, make sure you call in for a reservation beforehand!My friends and I came here a little bit after they opened in the late morning, so we didn't have to wait too long for a table. We ordered:(1) Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings (2) Honey-Pig Bao Buns (3) Farm Burger(4) Southern Yardbird BurgerNow, the onion rings were off the hook delicious! The Bao Buns were like mini-pork steam buns (for you food truck lovers in SF, they're similar to Chairman Bao's steamed pork buns). The farm burger had that gorgeous fried egg with the oozing yolk (YUM). The Yardbird was eh.Now, this is Las Vegas and it's a GR restaurant...so don' expect this place to be cheap. Each burger is about $12-16. While the burgers weren't "blow your mind you have to try this every time you come to Vegas" quality, it was still very tasty. The layout of the restaurant opens up to the casino area of Planet Hollywood, which is nice...and it's far enough from the casino that you're not entirely experiencing second smoking while you eat.The only gripe I had about this place was the SERVICE. The service was TERRIBLE here...and I was really surprised given that this was a GR restaurant...and efficient and impeccable service is what GR prides himself in. I remember that our waiter forgot our order multiple times....and would disappear for a long time after we had asked him to check on our food. We probably spent about 45 minutes to an hour just waiting for our food...and we had to ask about 4-5 times about our food. Had the service been much better, I would have given this place a solid 4-star.
4	Burgers are above average. Truffle fries are delicious and large enough to share. The second time here, I ordered the Damnation chicken burger but it wasn't spicy at all. If you come here and don't get a shake, you are dumb. Hands down, best shakes I have ever had.
4	What can i say food amazing and service amazing as well honestly best burger I've had. Farm burger is the top one i recommend the pork bao buns delicious as well gordon Ramsey is doing it well
3	A little overrated. The menu looks and sounds great but the food wasn't great. I ordered the fish and crisps. The fish didn't have the right seasoning and seemed bland. The sweet potato fries had powdered sugar which I didn't like. I also tried the Hell's Kitchen burger which was HOT!! My mouth was on fire!! The service was great, the food came out quickly, and the prices were a little above average (then again, Vegas has overpriced food everywhere). I probably won't go back to this restaurant since I didn't love it.
2	OK I am a HUGE fan of Gordon R and his shows...so when in Vegas we went to BurgGR and had a much anticipated burger. I had the Farm BurGR, I think as there really was nothing memorable about it. The seasoning seemed non existent the truffle fries... so what- my local Pub buried this place in taste and value (fair enough I certainly did expect to pay more here, but I also expected a bit more than a large fire). Still a Gordon Ramsey fan but I will think twice about celebrity eateries before entering so that I could say I ate there...next time I may lie and say I did and live in blissful ignorance. I guess the reality of it all is how much better can a person make a hamburger? Any recommendations for my next  trip?
2	Normally I don't write a review but I thought I should share my experience here.... First of all we waited approximately 40 minutes to get our food. That is ridiculous.Second the burgers were not cooked as we requested. We requested medium rare to the rare side but what we received was medium well to well done side. Third I ordered the honey pig bao buns, which taste really good and I do recommend this but one of the buns had piece if a hair inside. The restaurant did change the item with new one and the manager person came by to apologize and removed it off my tap. That I really appreciate because not that many places have manager to come out to apologize.Fourth we ordered the truffle fries and they forgot to bring the truffle aioli sauce.Now about the food. The burgers my group ordered was ok... Not as great as we expected. The truffle fries seemed no difference with regular fries. The onion ring was the best!!!! I would be rating with a single star but for the taste of onion ring  and the honey pig bao buns I added another star.    Next time if I come here I probably prefer not to sit at the table but instead sit at the bar and order my onion ring and the honey pig bao buns!!!
4	Cool place. I liked their jalapeno cheese appetizer. I would recommend it for starters.
4	Pros: I had a very good experience with their food. We ordered two burgers, Jalapeno poppers and the Bao buns. Cons: cold waiters + price ( 95$ including tip +two beers)
5	OMG, the food here was heaven! Just drooling thinking about his other restaurants when just his burger and fries alone are 5 stars!This is a must go place!Burger was so delicious. Hearty, flavorful, and juicy.Truffle fries were plump, garlicy, and cheesy.Just the way I like it!Would definitely go back here in a heartbeat =D(Oh but one drawback was that the napkins smelt like dirty rags... should use better cleaning method)
4	really long line for burgur, but its pretty damn good!!dined in, had the farm burger truffle fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings, toffee popsall good!! a little pricey but i really enjoyed itservice was great as well, ordered to go a second time late at night near closing time to eat in my room as the line was still long got my food pretty quick!
5	a bit pricy but really good and the queue to get to get in isn't that bad
2	I'm only giving this place 2 stars due to the service was good. The food was over rated over priced and I would not recommend this place to anyone. Had to wait over an hour with hungry kids. We ordered the onion rings which were great and the sweet potato fries were good. The truffle ff were horrible. They do not offer a kids menu so had to pay full price for something the kids would not finish and for that it is not a kid friendly restaurant.  The burgers were okay nothing out of the ordinary.  I think in n out or shake shack would have been a better choice and more reasonable priced.
2	how do you ruin a good quality burger?  fail to season the meat properly prior to cooking.  GR, I know you've heard of salt and pepper.  like most other strip restaurants, BurGR suffers from the inexplicable need to play down to the blandest of palates.
5	Amazing burgers. Every time I go to LV I have to stop here. Gordon Ramsay, you have a way with burgers that's for sure!!! The menu is simple, to the point, and offers a selection of specialty burgers that are also simple, but amazing. The way he pairs such easy ingredients to become amazing burger toppings is ridiculous. I would recommend trying the mango chutney and arugula burger.As well as this, they also have PUDDING MILKSHAKES. Yes you heard me right. They're amazing. I honestly want one right now.You can see into the kitchen the meticulous process that goes into making the burgers. There is even a taste tester at the end of the line, and if the burger isn't perfect, it's not sent out. But somehow, the time doesn't drag on because of this. But watching the cooks you can see that they're all working like a fine tuned machine.The service is usually pretty good. Only thing I would change is the god awful outfits these poor girls have to squeeze themselves into. Kinda dropped the ball there!
1	Let's just say one thing: don't expect them to let you in even if you come before closing time. We got to the place at 11:30pm, and there was one party ahead of us - so there was no line to get in. The hostess seats that party and then tells us that they are now closed and that we will not be able to dine there. There were no parties behind us. Okay what the hell was that! The restaurant clearly said it is open until midnight, not until 11:30pm. Absolutely ridiculous and rude. Never coming here again.
3	The aioli for the fries is great! I had the pork burger and it lacked seasoning...it was super bland. My girlfriend had the mushroom burger, it was the best I've tasted.
3	Don't go here on an empty stomach and you will love this place. We waited about 45 minutes to get a table for 2, soon as we were seated the line outside moved super fast (oh Murphy!). I did not care much for the earth burger, it was good but tasted bland, and surely not worth 15$? My husband loved the farm burger and our drinks and truffle fries were really good, so mixed feelings overall.P.S: whats the deal with "gordon ramsay burgr" t shirts and caps on sale outside? Do people really buy those?
4	Gordon Ramsay's name is like a brand name. Just as people pick up Michael Kors purses for themselves, they want to try Gordon Ramsay's food, then post pictures and review it (like I am now!). Make sure you check in with the hostess before standing in line. The line is actually meant for groups of 2 or less. And trust me, there will probably be a line. Members of the Planet Hollywood club get seated right away. If you have more than 2 people, they will take your name down. I went during lunchtime. The wait for 3+ was 1 hour and half. The wait for 2 people was 20-30 minutes.We were given the option to sit at the back bar, and took it, just to sit down sooner. Honestly, though, it was the best option! We sat literally in front of the kitchen and were able to see the chefs work. By the way, the executive chef at BurGR right now is Christina Wilson, winner of season 10 of Hell's Kitchen. From what I know, she won the position of executive chef at Gordon Ramsay's Steak and then came to BurGR afterwards. My boyfriend and I decided to splurge. We both ordered shakes. I got the banana shake topped with butterscotch pudding and snickerdoodle cookie. The banana shake and the cookie were AMAZING. The butterscotch pudding was WAY too sweet though. My boyfriend ordered the oreo shake topped with creme brulee pudding, oreo, and a little bit of bruleed sugar. I LOVE LOVE LOVED this one. I don't even like oreo shakes, but the creme brulee pudding on top was just awesome.We also ordered the beer battered Maui onion rings topped with parmesan-reggiano served with curry ketchup and a Chipotle ranch dip. I will preface this by saying that I usually hate beer battered onion rings, primarily because more often than not, the batter is not crispy the way I like it. This one was SO GOOD. I think it was my favorite thing of the entire dining experience!!! The other side we ordered was the truffle parmesan fries with truffleoil, truffle salt, and truffle aioli. It was honestly nothing special. I would have been fine with the regular fries.As for the burger, we both ordered the farm burger. The patty is made of short rib, beef chuck, and brisket cooked to a medium rare. It is topped with a sharp English cheddar cheese, fried eggs, and... DUCK BREAST BACON... and placed between house-made toasted sesame buns. I wish I could get duck breast bacon to cook up and eat at home for breakfast... so delicious! It wasn't the best burger I've had, though... Those honors remain with the Office Burger at Father's Office in Los Angeles!!!I wanted to order the toffee bread pudding push pops, especially because I've tried his toffee bread pudding at another restaurant before... but I was so full after all the other yumminess, that I just couldn't do it.Overall, though,, a great experience. It was just a fun time, and I'm going to dream about the onion rings forever!
1	We had a reservation.We talked to the host and told her we have reservation for 6. she said we don't do reservations. We stayed in line for more than an hour. When we got to the host she said oh, party of 6 you could have just signed in on the waiting list. Well. It would have been nice if she had told us an hour ago. The restaurant is by the mall/casino entrance and freezing cold ( you can see entrance in the pic ). They have tables by the door with no heating system, no blocking walls,nothing. The host said if you want you can sit at this table( by the door) or wait additional 45 hours. The host was rude and was raising her voice. We talked to the manager ( Jake Eaton ) and he said you have to wait for an hour 40 mins in the waiting list. The next thing. There are 10-12 seats by the kitchen bar. We even offered to sit there but the manager Jake Eaton said we don't have server. I said there are always exceptions, why can't you make an exception and have someone serve us. He said I can't do that. Then 15 minutes later there were people sitting there. All I can say I expected a lot more from Gordon Ramsey. I was so excited to eat here but for sure it was ruined. I cannot recommend this place !! overpriced !! Rude staff !! Incompetent management !! The manager was good for nothing. He should get fired !! He knows nothing about customer service. He didn't even offer a discount. NEVER EVER !!
5	I was really in the mood for a burger so I thought I'd give Gordon Ramsey's Burgr a shot. It was just before it opened and I joined the line instead of being discouraged by the line. Good thing I did because when it opened we were seated quickly. I ordered the Hog burger and also tried the onion rings and parmesan fries. The burger was not dry and had a nice taste. The fries with the topping were also good. However the star for me was the onion rings. The breading/topping was crisp and did not fall off the onion. It made each bite delicious. I do regret not trying the milkshakes. One of those came by our table and wow it looked good... next time.
5	Our first stop in Vegas, no regrets! Best burger I have had in a while and it was the American, with the norm toppings.  Food quality is definitely noticeable. The decorations are great, atmosphere is great. Cant wait to go again! Highly Recommend it!
2	Disappointing.  Waited in line for less than avg. Burger.  Only thing awesome about this joint is their custard hybrid milk shakes.
5	I got the Oreo milkshake which was absolutely delicious. My friends ordered burgers and were very happy with it.
4	Their burgers are delicious. Fast service too! My boyfriend and I thought we'd have to wait a long time in the long line, but 30 minutes is pretty average for popular restaurants. We were surprised and pleased by the overall experience.
1	I cannot recommend this place to anybody who is willing to pay more than $5 for a Burger. The night before I had tried "In and out Burger" for the first time.Let me tell you these kids are working so hard, are so polite and nice and they only sell Burgers for $2.50Shame on you "Gordon Ramsay" !!!This place has the most unprofessional and most rude Management , I have ever experienced in any type of business.We had made a reservation and by the time our ladies had arrived, they were told by the host , that this place does not take reservations. We figured that our reservation was for a different "Gordon Ramsay" restaurant. We called the other place to cancel the reservation and decided to give this "Burger Place" a shot......We told the host that we are a group of 6 and since they do not take reservations , we had to go and wait in line.This place is right at the front door of the shopping mall and at this time it was almost 40 degrees outside and pretty windy.This "Burger Place" does not have a door or so. After 75 Minutes waiting outside in the freezing cold we finally reached the entrance of the restaurant.There are Bar Tables right at the entrance where obviously nobody wanted to sit because it was so cold there that even sitting in you jacket made you freeze.We were directed to 1 of those Bar tables.But since we were waiting already for over 1 hour standing in the cold , we asked the host for one of the available tables more inside the place.The "kid" had only a rude smile on her face and told us that if we would want a table we would have to be put on the "waiting list" and wait another "1 hour an 45 minutes".Waiting list ? why did she not put us on her "waiting list" when we got there , in first place ? She knew we were a group of 6 and that we were waiting for a table.We asked to speak to the manager since there were clearly multiple tables available and it was really not reasonable to sit at those Bar tables in the entrance area with that wind and the cold.We asked "Jake Eaton" who played the role of the manager but was clearly overstrained in his position, if we could at least sit the other bar that war right facing the kitchen.(Nobody was siting there the whole time)But his answer was "No, we have not enough servers to serve that area".How can you not have enough servers on a night before NYE when Vegas is packed ?!?!?!?We were really exhausted and hungry, so had to let it go and ordered our food and drink and sat there on high chairs freezing and freezing . At one point i even walked into the Casino to see if I can find some blankets for our girls.....As soon as we got our drinks, we noticed , people started being seated at the Kitchen Bar , where "Jake Eaton" had refused to let us sit. This was really disturbing and upsetting to all of us , that we were even ready to just walk out of this place without touching our food. But we got ourselves together and decided to not let "Gordon Ramsay" and his unprofessional staff ruin our night....Shame on you Gordon Ramsay !!!!!Having so much opinion about other people's service and businesses and being alway so critical on others , makes him obviously loosing his focus on his own restaurants . Maybe you should first look i to the mirror Mr Ramsay , before you judge others. And clearly you should focus more on doing things right instead of doing more and more. This place is a mess !!!DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!Over priced Burgers, rude staff , incompetent "managers" ....Shame on you "Gordon Ramsay".I would fire "Jake Eaton" !!!!His incompetence and rudeness is unacceptable !!!It's definitely not the best burger I ever had and the situation "Jake Eaton"  put us through did mot make it a fun night spending $160 on 6 Hamburgers.Shame on you "Gordon Ramsay"
5	The wait was a little long, the decor was noisy and nothing special, the service was adequate - the food was exquisite. I feel bad for those who have gone to a Gordon Ramsey restaurant and somehow did not get to taste the magic of this man's phenomenal talent, even as passed down through the restaurants and employees who represent his name. An unforgettable dinner.
5	Delicious as always. Farm Burgr is my favorite with the truffle fries!!
5	First visit to BurGR & it will NOT be my last!! Love Gordon Ramsay & wanted to try someplace new in Vegas!!! BurGR met all my expectations & more!!! The truffle fries & beer battered onion rings were AMAZING & the burgers were perfectly cooked & melted in your mouth!!! The Acai Lemonade drink was phenomenal & wasn't too overpowering with alcohol!!! Great & fast service, great food & atmosphere & was able to see Hells Kitchen winner, Christina in the kitchen (an added bonus being a Hells Kitchen lover!!) Tip - get there as early as possible because there's always a long line to get in!
1	Someone please ask gordon ramsey to leave las vegas. This is the second place I have eaten with his name associated. The wait is obnoxious the food third rate. Poorly cooked second rate beef and if you sell truffle put truffle on it..Over priced dry over cooked food. This guy is NOT a chef. If there was a "zero stars" I would have selected. Gordon Ramsey is a farce  please stop your TV shows and learn to cook
4	Is it worth the wait? ... Not really, but is the food good? Definitely not too bad for one of many Gordon Ramsey branded restaurants. First come first served restaurant in planet Hollywood. Truffle fries are to die for and Cesar Apple salad portion is big and flavorful.Great fantastic service by the waiters. Paul was our waiter and definitely made the experience wonderful by trying his best to accommodate our needs.
4	We wanted to try this place solely because of Gordon Ramsay's name. I had the farm burger and my girlfriend had the southern yard (chicken). We also ordered the truffle fries. Overall, the food was good but nothing out of the ordinary. We've had better burgers at cheaper prices but it's worth a visit if you're ever in PH in Vegas.
1	The single star is for the hosts! We got there at 9:30pm on Friday waited in line for 30 minutes. My brother was visiting us from out of town and once we reach the front of the line one of the host ask us how many in our party. I said three and she said that would be another 1&1/2 hour to be seated! Wow was I shocked. I asked her how come there was no one taking taking down party size in the line. She looked at me and with a blank stare and moved on and that's when she started going down the line asking for party size. I thought that was ridiculous so I asked another host that was standing behind the podium if we can sit at the bar. She was talking to a waiter and ignored us didn't even greet us. We waited until their personal conversation was done and finally she turns around and we asked her if we can sit at the bar and she said that's also 1&1/2 wait even though the bar had three patrons sitting there. These young, rude, incompetent hosts that they have working need to be trained in customer service.This is a suggestion for Gordon Ramsay and management staff-1. Fix the confusing line & make it more clear or have someone go through the line more often to ask about the party 2. Re-train these young, rude, incompetent hosts
4	The burger tasted great! I got the hell's kitchen burger, which was a little spicy, but I assumed it was going to be spicier than it actually was. The meat was well prepared. With fries, soda, burger, tax+tip, my order alone came out to about $40 give or take because I wanted to go for the truffle fries, which are great. It's definitely over hyped and over priced for the burger, fries, and soda. I will still be willing to go over and try another burger on the menu, although I probably would not casually eat here since I feel like I get better burgers for that amount at other places.
5	Amazing taste. Ordered the chef's special and it was delicious. Great customer service and a nice atmosphere. Second time there and it was as great as the first time :)
5	I came here on New Year's Day to have lunch, and seeing that I wasn't a Total Rewards 'Platinum' member, I waited in line for about 25 minutes before I was finally seated. That was actually a pretty reasonable amount of wait time, seeing as this is Vegas during peak season.I ordered some beer-battered onion rings to start with, and was not disappointed. The onion rings were huge! It also came with a couple of dipping sauces which were as delicious as they sound - chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch.For the main course, I got myself the 'Britannica' burger, which includes a topping of arugula and mango chutney. The meat was cooked just right, the mango chutney tasted nice and tangy, but what really sealed the deal were the buns - they were soft and full of flavor, despite being just bread. The prices aren't too bad, at about $15 a burger on average. This is a Gordon Ramsay eatery, not McDonald's. If you're not comfortable with venturing any further from the Dollar Menu, the 25 minute wait in line should give you plenty of time to make some budget-wise decisions.Will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	super busy saturday night, so possibly bad service and long waits for the food.  didnt happen. was told it was a 1hr wait.  they called us back in 45. our server was very attentive. her name was Lauren. Very knowledgeable of the food,friendly and checked on us wit drinks/ and how the food was. cant stress on how great the service was. the food.  plain and simple.  this is the real deal.  came here with friends.  we shared the maui onion rings and jalapeno popprers. out of this world.  crispy, spicy, cooked to perfection.  great sauce to go with.ordered sweet potato fries with truffle fries to go with our burgers. fries were also good, they werent soggy like other reviews had stated, alot of reggiano on fries great flavor. had great dipping sauce with sweet potato fries. i ordered the farm burger. mouth watering good.  had it medium. bread was soft and fresh.  came with duck breast bacon, egg, and english sharp cheddar. forget best about burger this is possibly one of the best things Ive had...period. For the price,  it was well worth it, as the food and service was top notch!
5	Had the best frickin burger in a long time!  So good that we came back the next night, hah.  First visit, I had the Farmburger which had duck breast bacon & a fried egg along with a delicious sauce.  Omg, a must try!!  Their sweet potato fries with vanilla powdered sugar = amazing!  A plus for this lunch-time visit...  Hell's Kitchen winner, Christina Wilson, was in the spot!!  (www.facebook.com/chefchristinawilson).  She was super sweet, introduced herself, shook my hand, and allowed me to snap a quick pic (I was trying to hurry & not be a bother, so my pic was blurry, hah, my luck!)  Dinner the next night wasn't as great (maybe because the boss wasn't there, people were slacking, lol), nah, but probably just a taste preference thing.  I did have to send mine back tho; my meat was still alive!!  We shared two so we could taste more of Ramsay's creations... Chanterelle burger & Damnation burger.  Both were good, meat cooked to perfection, but not as good as the Farmburger.  Sweet potato fries were amazing again! Def coming back for more.
5	Definitely a must-have for lunch my wife is a humongous fan of Chef Gordon Ramsay and we was not going to leave Las Vegas without having some of his food now we can honestly say I think the man knows what the hell he's doing I'm not a big fan of wings but I honestly got to say those were really good and the burgers were awesome good cut of beef
5	I've always wanted to try Chef Ramsey's restaurant and was exactly as expected... It was great! really packed but worth the wait. The meat was perfectly cooked and the servers were really nice and professional. My entrees were out but my appetizer didn't come out so they offered to take my entrees back and re cook them and bring them out after my appetizers had been served. Never had service like this. Only bad thing is the line is really long. The burgers look really small but its actually really filling. Don't get fooled
3	Burgers are all good. Stay away from fish sandwich. Parmigiana truffle oil fries we shared with 4 people. Expensive for burgers and fries.
4	Ive always wanted to try this place ! I had the truffle fries and the onion rings ! They were both unique and tasted really really good. As far as the burger I got (farm burger) it was good but its not something that will make me come back xD
4	Euro Burger was amazing!  You must get a pudding shake & truffle fries as well.  The wait was almost 2 hours! B crazy,  but that's vegas.  But there's plenty to do in the hotel to bide your time.
4	Gordon Ramsay in LV? Wow, I never thought it could happen.A lot of people complain about the line or the wait time to be seated, but my family member owns a seven star card that allows us to skip right ahead to the line, so I really can't complain about the wait time.The food is good. I ordered the farm burger with butter lettuce and the onion rings. They were spectacular and the food definitely is top notch for a burger restaurant. The  wait time for the food however is a totally different story, it took a good 40 minutes or so for the food to come out, I mean come on now really?So to recap, the price is moderate and the food is good. The wait time? Not so much, but I'd consider it to be worth it. Give this place a shot.
4	Great grub, and what you'd expect from a place with Gordon Ramsay's name on it!I had the fish sandwich because I wasn't quite feeling like a burger that day. Probably one of the best fish sandwiches I've ever had!!! I must admit the fries were good and the bite of a burger I did try was very delish too. Only downside was it was a little pricey but hey, you are in Vegas!Can't wait to come back.
4	Since we tried all Ramsay's restaurants at Vegas, I would say food here is much better than his Pub & Grill but no comparison to his Steakhouse at Paris Casino! Location (4/5): This restaurant locates near the upstairs entrance of Planet Hollywood Casino and Hotel. There is one down side - the long line!!! It is decent during lunch time, but mannnnnn it can take forever during dinner time! Service (4/5): Our waitor was nice and checked in on us from time to time. He was indeed knowledgeable about the menu, and suggested us to try all the popular items on the menu. Food (3.5/5): We ordered their famous dishes such as the Shake #4 (oreo and toffee shake), truffle oil fries, American burger and the standard dawg aka hot dog. The shake was our favorite of the whole brunch experience! You can taste a little bit of toffee crystal pieces in the shake along with the well-blended oreo shake. The fries were thick-cut fries! I wished they were thin and crisp, then that would be mindblowing. We added bacon to their original American burger. Was it a good burger?? Yah but no wow factor. The standard dawg was indeed standard with the typical pickles, ketchup, mustard and hot dog. The bun, however, was full with toasted black sesame seeds. The wow factor here was how big the dawg was... You can feed two people easily with this hot dog!!! I would come back if I happen to walk by Planet Hollywood, or treat my friends out for something Ramsay-related. As for the satisfaction level, I expected more!
5	Located in the front of Planet Hollywood with flames of glory at the entrance. We waited about 35 minutes for our food to come out but so delicious! Def recommend the truffle fries! Earth burger was amazing and so was fish and crisp sandwich! Tried the euro burger and it was also fantastic! Fries are potato wedges which are my favorite. The wait staff are very friendly and good looking... Eating utensils are pretty nifty as well. Your knives stand up! Great experience, awesome food, and a very tasty expensive burger. The only thing my group agreed on was that the burger wasn't big enough... It is like a kids bun. Def a hit! And you can keep the menu of you want a souvenir.
2	Have eaten at this restaurant several times but their success is showing by the attitude of the staff. After waiting for a spot at the bar I was greeted by the bartender James by did you check in with the hostess? You can't just us here. I did check I and was told I could take the fist available seat. Normally an iPad is given to you for a drink selection. Not this time, I was given the food menu right away. When asked if I could get a drink I received a Rolling of the eyes and an iPad. Hopefully the food will be better than the attitude!
5	Best burger i have ever had.Fresh ingredients with a burger patty that was expertly prepared.Fries were very good, although a bit chewy. Might be the intent.Came in the afternoon. No wait at all. Food was served quickly. Will definitely be back.
4	So many reviews, I'll make mine easy and quick:Price: $30 per person for fries + burger and no drinksBurger: ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS, all the food literally melted in my mouth and was gone within a few seconds. SO TENDER, MUCH MOIST, WOWFries: Meh, I've had better, get fries to share or get different onesLine: TOO DAMN LONG, waited 1+ hour on a random Friday nightAtomsphere, it's inside Planet Hollywood so it's filled with young people, all the hostesses are dress in a short skirt with converses, and I believe most of the waitresses wear a skirt, and they are all quite cute ;)
5	Perfection!The only thing I would change is the volume of the music.  But at lunch time, it's tolerable.
4	The burger was like any other "craft" burger that you can find anywhere else these days. However, the onion rings were particularly tasty. I would go back just for the onion rings...
