5	I've found what is by far the best activity you can do in Vegas that doesn't involve games of chance or Cirque du Soleil.When I took my wife on a mystery adventure for her birthday, my expectation had been for hokey actors, easy to solve riddles and a lack of interactivity.But the actual mystery adventure was far from that. It was truly like becoming a detective - not just in some fictional "CSI" or "Law and Order,"  but like were true-blue detectives on the case. You are taken to real sites investigating crime scenes, gathering clues and trying to solve the case with the help of your fellow detectives.If there is one thing you do in Vegas, don't pass up the clues to this hidden gem.
5	Like what Chris R. said, it is like you're a detective trying to solve a case. You have to find the clues to determine where to go next, uncover secrets, and solve riddles!It is one of the best attractions in vegas, in my opinion. It is also well priced (be sure to get the coupon from the website!) and you get snacks/drinks while riding in the bus between crime scenes.Well worth the money you pay for and be sure to try to find all the magic stones O.O
5	I just took my 19 year old daughter to the Mystery Adventure  and we both loved it! For the price, it is  the entertainment value of the year in Las Vegas. Lots of details, clues, puzzles, and gentle guidance when necessary... We were in a small group this tour (7 people) but we still managed to solve the crime and find 15 of the 18 bonus stones!Highly recommended and family friendly (over 10 yrs old)
5	SO.MUCH.FUN!!! We just did the Mystery Adventure this past weekend for a group of 8 girls as the day activity for my sister's bachelorette trip in Vegas. We had the tour to ourselves so it was even better. I worked with Sharon about a month or so in advance to set up our reservation.  Everything was very simple and I thought a great value for our money.Our day was as follows: 11:30 Lunch at Mystery Adventure (catered) 1:00pm - 3:30ish Go sleuthing with our driver Max.     The establishment and food:The front room was made to look like an old reception desk at an inn or old school hotel complete with old wallpaper.  Cute.I tried looking up reviews to see how renting their dining room worked out but didn't get too much information so here's some for others who might be looking. We rented their dining room and had catering arranged through Sharon. The dining room was set up to be like a dinning room in an old home (it was just a basic room in an office building but they did really great with details), and you're eating on a dark stormy night.  It was all a little kooky but fun.  The room had nice ambience with drapery set up to look like window coverings and lamps to give off soft lights but the girls wanted the lights on while eating so it looked like a decorated office space - boo.   The food was pretty good despite the little kink of meat being too rare - which was later on fixed by sitting in the chafing dish a bit longer with two sterno burners under it.   Our meal was mushroom and onion smothered flank steak (good when cooked!), a field green salad with feta cheese (kickass dressing), roasted potatoes (delish!), asparagus, and chocolate covered strawberries for dessert.  I think the catering part of the whole package might need to be ironed out a bit but overall was good.  Catering also came with a server who was a little awkward but aren't we all sometime.The adventure:Right at 1pm  Sharon put on her acting hat and played the proprietor at an old hotel and we were introduced to our driver and guide Max.  We then were off to solve the mystery we had 'stumbled' upon.    All the girls had a blast.  We all worked together to solve different parts of the mystery as Max drove us to where we needed to go - but we needed to tell him where by the clues we found.  If you got stuck, Max was able to nudge you along the way, and will even pick almonds off the tree for you if you never had fresh almonds before!  The main plot was to figure out who stole something of value, but there were other little storylines that came out from that.  There was so much work, effort and attention to details for this activity that I think Mystery Adventure crew did a wonderful job - even crazier is that they change their mystery every year.  One of the biggest kick my sister had was that they worked her into the storyline itself.   It was funny also that we all got so into the spirit of things  that we were leaving one site to head to another when we noticed one of the girls was missing and we got all excited and thought someone kidnapped her as part of the plot but it turned out she was just in the bathroom LOL.I would definitely do this again and would highly recommend anyone who wanted to do something off the strip for a few hours.  Even if you don't like the mystery and solving puzzles part of the tour, you can dig around people's stuff and look for items that are needed.   Great job Mystery Adventure!  The tourbus was fantastic and thanks for having snacks and cold drinks onboard!  You definately want to do this sober though :) We found 17 of the 18 stones darnit!
5	I highly recommend Mystery Adventures!!!I was part of Tanya T.'s bachelorette group and she really breaks it down.  Which makes it a little hard to review because i don't know what else to add.I've had many trips to vegas doing the typical vegas acitivities (shows, club, gamble, etc) but this topped them all.  The staff was wonderful and really got into character.  Like Tanya T. said they change the plot every year right around labor day.  So maybe we can make this an annual festivity :o)
5	Thanks to Yelpers, we went on a tour last weekend.  The owners say they do very little advertising, most of their business is from word of mouth.  I've lived in LV for 8 years and never heard of the tour before stumbling across it while looking for something unique to do with my friend for her birthday.  Our party (two couples) was joined by a third couple and a party of three girls (so 9 total in our group).  My hubby was dragging his feet about going but by the time we got to the first stop, he was literally running off the bus to find clues, hahaha.  Seriously THE most most fun we've had in a long time.  The only bummer is that they only change the "mystery" once a year so once you've gone, you have to wait a whole year to go again!!  But we can understand why, there is just so much that goes in to planning the tour.  Our driver, Max, recommended coming for our second tour in October or November (the tour changes each year in September but it takes a little while to tweak it and work out the kinks).  The website says it is PG-13 and not recommended for children under 13 - I would concur, leave the kiddies at home for this one.  That's all I can say, don't want to give anything away!! I highly recommend Mystery Adventure Tours!
5	We just returned from Las Vegas and participated in a Mystery Adventures trip. I agree with the prior reviews. This was loads of fun. This is not your typical Vegas adventure. This adventure is particularly suited for people who want to try something different in Las Vegas and like to solve riddles and puzzles. This is definitely not suited for those who only want get drunk, gamble, party, and make a lot of noise. It lasts about 3 hours. You start off at their office on Sahara Blvd. You are presented with information about a crime and a locked brief case. It starts from there. They drive you to about three different locations where you investigate and gather evidence. You need to find passwords and clues to get into computers and locked doors, lockers and cabinets in order to get the information needed to proceed to the next step. We had 7 people total, 5 in our group and another couple. We needed all 7 people, at times working together, at times in small groups, and at times individually to help gather the cluses needed. You also have to look for small "mystery stones" that you can accumulate to get prizes toward the end. By the way, they are very cleverly hidden. Max, our tour guide, was great, always giving a very subtle hint just when you are really stuck. The three hours (ours actually lasted 3 and 1/2 hours) flew by quickly. We had a great time and would do it again. Unfortunately, they have only one new adventure a year so will have to wait till 2010. I think it's one of the best deals in Las Vegas for your money. Overall we had a great time.
5	So. Much. Fun.  Definitely worth it, venture off the strip and have a real adventure!  Can't tell you how much cheaper a thrill it is than the blackjack tables! Went with my mom, we had a blast!  Can't wait to come back when they change the mystery.
5	If you are looking for something different to do in Vegas, Mystery Adventures should definitely be on your list!!!   My two daughters and I (ages 21 and 25) decided to give this a try due to all the great Yelp reviews and I can honestly say we were not dissapointed!  I know some people stated that the area it's in is a bit shady, but we didn't find that to be the case at all.  It was in a sort of business area, but we felt perfectly safe the entire time.  Our adventure lasted about 3 1/2 hours and was so much fun!   It was worth every penny we spent and then some.  Without giving anything away, we were taken on a bus to 3 different locations and spent a good amount of time at each place.  Max (our guide and bus driver) was hilarious and a great help during those times that we were a little stuck with the clues, prodding us along without giving away too much.  Everything was great with the exception of 2 things.  It was 116 degrees the day we went on and the air conditioning in the bus wasn't working so well, so you might wait until it cools off a bit.    I might also suggest when making your reservation to ask about the other groups of people going the same day as you.  We had a family of 4 in our group with 2 children.  The children thought it was their personal adventure and were extremely rude.  They pushed and shoved the entire 3 hours and ruined the fun for the rest of the group.  The parents were oblivious and let them continue their behaviour which was really unfortunate for everyone else.  At one point the boy grabbed a key out of a ladies hand and pushed past her to open the door and I heard her tell him to back off.  I think at that point she had had enough!  With the exception of that, I would definitely recommend Mystery Adventures to anyone looking for something different and fun to do in Vegas.  I can't say enough good things about them and the next time we are there, we will be giving them a call!
5	This was a really fun experience for our group. It seemed a little cheesy at first, but as soon as we got on the road and to our first site, things totally heated up - gathering clues, deciphering codes, cracking passwords. It was like we were truly detectives. Just really hot detectives, wearing short skirts, and perhaps slightly drunk. Nonetheless, our group of 11 had a great time. Some of us more than others. This was a really fun, different way to spend an evening in Vegas.  I would definitely recommend it to any groups, families, etc looking for an evening away from the strip.
4	mystery adventure is must do Sunday Thru Thursday. its great but its 3hrs+ long. i like the fact that it had something for everybody. you don't have to be a mystery junkie to enjoy the adventure. and for the price you really cant beat it. nothing in Vegas will keep you entertain for so long for so little, plus there's snacks to munch on while you try to look for clues. The one thing that is definitely fun is to determine what clues you need to solve the mystery and what clues you don't.   you'll get to meet people and work as a team to solve the mystery.  if your on a tight budget this is a must.
4	I really like CSI, LAW AND ORDER, NCIS, NCIS LA, so I was so happy when my husband was going to take me here, it was more then I expected.  The girls there were great. Max was our driver and he was great. The mystery started out lame but got excited after the first clue, you go with a group so you work together to get clues gather info and solve the crime there are gifts at the end if you collected enough so you try  real hard to get as many as you can, Max is great when it comes to making sure that your looking for clues, it was harder at some parts then others then I expected which made it fun and it makes you use your head. I love solving crimes, how, why, when, where and then to go and actually get all that info it was fun. It was worth the money It does take 3 1/2 hours but I think it was worth it more then some of the shows on the strip that have no story line to it.
5	This adventure was definitely mysterious!Thank Groupon for existing. We got 8 tickets because we couldn't say no to half off something that seemed like it would be an entertaining evening and if not it was no big deal.This is NOT your average Murder Mystery Dinner. Seven of my friends and I arrived not knowing what to expect really. But when we got started we were able to go to three different locations by finding addresses, keys, and deciphering codes and had a blast.I don't want to give away too much, but I do want to say that the most thrilling part of the adventure was being able to go through just about everything and different rooms. Some of the information was not relevant, which was good because it meant that we spent more time figuring things out.Don't just take it from me, you can see that most people rate this 5 stars. I can't wait for their next adventure in a couple of weeks. I will definitely go again and try to get as many people as I can to get there.
4	I got a chance to do this adventure two years ago.  It was a hoot.  I went with three people from Wisconsin who were enjoying Las Vegas and it was fun being the only local on the adventure.Our driver, Max, took us to several store front in a nearby shopping plaza where we found clues and collected things that earned us prizes at the end.  Sometimes it entailed crawling on the floor to look at bottom shelves.  Other times, we had to be alert to find hidden doors and secret passages.The staging was cleverly done!  We were on the adventure for 2 1/2 hours.  When the evening was over, we are agreed about how much fun we had.  I also felt like I got to be friends with the out of towners.If you can get a Groupon or a discounted ticket at one of the Tix4Tonite booths, don't pass this up.  It's very enjoyable.
5	My girlfriend planned this activity after hearing that it was a good experience from her cousin, and wow, I am so glad that she took his advice! At first sight, it was kind of shady looking. It was in a rather deserted area away from the strip and it was in this little dinky building, but in the end it totally added to the ambiance of the experience.When we first walked in the door, I was a bit skeptical because it was very small and nothing stood out too much and there were only two people running the establishment. After going through the rules (one of which includes 'no alcohol'), we met with the other group that would be joining us. The other group was a lot older than us (grandma/grandpa status) and I'm telling you this for a reason which I will explain soon.After that, we headed out to various locations in a shuttle. The shuttle had a broken air conditioner which totally sucked because of the 100+ degree temperature at the time. However, I will not deduct this from the overall rating because it was totally bearable and the overall experience was much more gratifying. The shuttle was well equipped with some light snacks and Max, our 'tour guide,' made sure that we were always comfortable with our food and beverages. Max was always very attentive to the details of the story and world that they built around this adventure so he would always be able to answer questions in ways that didn't give TOO much away with the puzzles and secrets (most of the time anyway).My word of advice for this activity is to play along and have fun. Don't be a killjoy and just not have fun because you'll ruin it for everyone else. Also, make sure you communicate with your ENTIRE group or else you might not be able to put some important pieces together. About my comment earlier about the older half of the group, they were totally fun to have along and we all served our individual purposes to solving the mystery and this was all because we had fun with one another and we communicated our findings.In the end, they gave us a prize for our hard work (a choice of some DVDs or PC games) and to be honest, it wasn't such a great perk but I think we all would've been super happy even without this gift. I suggest this activity to everyone. It's a great group activity.
5	I hate scary movies, but I'll always be up for a good mystery adventure! Me and 6 friends went to try this activity after hearing how fun it was from a relative. With all the great reviews we were worried about having such high expectations, but the adventure proved to be worth all the rave.The mystery we went on, "Secret of the Emerald Tablet," started off simple, but as our team collected more clues, the plot thickened, and we got excited (and a bit scared!) about what we would discover next!Our driver, Max, was great and had some very helpful "hunches" that led us in the right direction. We went with another group of 6 (so 13 in total), and there was quite a large age gap between us, but there was so much to do at each site that everyone was still able to fully contribute and participate.In the end we solved the case, got 17/18 hidden stones, and made some great memories! The best part was when Max told us to pay careful attention to something, and when I actually saw it I screamed - scaring everyone in the room. =) sorry guys!Some tips: -Eat before you go. The adventure can be up to 3+ hours. They do include drinks, chips, and some snacks you can "steal" from the different locations. -There are bathrooms at some of the locations, but try to go beforehand... you'll miss out on detective time if you need to take a bathroom break!-Take pictures! Even though you're solving a case, enjoy the locations and take pictures with the sets and props. They'll make good memories so you can relive your experience!
5	I had a great time here! If you're considering doing this, trust me-- do it! It was a ton of fun, the mystery was not what I expected at all and it was very well planned out! I'll probably be doing it again in a couple of months!!At first I had really high expectations because a friend recommended it to me and told me it was great, but when I got there I won't lie-- I was a bit disappointed. The initial location was a bit hard to find, very small, and and at first I felt silly trying to get into "character." But as the "adventure" continued, I actually became very impressed by the detailed planning, and the unexpected turn of events! I won't spoil the mystery cause YOU need to be the next detective to help the Mystery Hotel!! ^_^
5	This is one of those rare gems you come across randomly. Two years ago when planning for our girls' Vegas trip, my roommate by serendipity found Mystery Adventures on Trip Advisor. Being the huge Agatha Christie fan that she is, she was very excited and persistent that we do it. We decided to take a chance on it and we were not disappointed. Our first time with Mystery Adventures was back in 2009 and we went back again in January 2010. They change the story each year so now it's part of our annual Vegas trip. It's scary, mentally challenging, and adventurous. Not like a mystery theater dinner but one where you physically get involved in solving the mystery. Can't wait for the next time I'm out there and solving cases!
5	By far, one of the most original, interesting, and fun activities you can do in Las Vegas.  I organized a private group event after reading the numerous 5-star reviews on Yelp.  I have lived in Vegas my entire life and have NEVER heard of this place.We got there at around 6:45pm on Saturday.  We had the maxium allowed group size and we were quite rowdy from the get-go.  Sharon and Max were in character from the very beginning and were very patient the entire evening.  After filling out all the paperwork, we hopped on a bus (max 14 people) to go to the first location.  The bus was filled with snacks and drinks which was really nice. At the crime scene locations we visited, we had to crack codes, unlock safes, and find clues that led us to our next locations and ultimately solved the mystery. Even though Max informed us that they change the mystery every October and this one is about to change, I still do not wanna give away too much information.  All I can say is that you should definitely check this place out.  I CANNOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE ENOUGH!!!! =)
4	Mystery Adventure has been in production in Las Vegas for 4 years. Every year (around October-Dec), they come up with a new mystery adventure scenario.First, you meet up at the Mystery Adventure building, sign some papers, chat with the other "Detective Assistants," then Sharon (your host) and Max (Detective) tells you the mystery case you will be trying to solve. Then, you get on the bus, and Max drives you to different locations to investigate, find clues, solve riddles, watch video clips, walk through hidden pathways, find keys to open unlock doors, and etc!!! My bfriend brought along his nephew, who is 5 years old. Sharon said that we can bring him along, but it is up to us-- some props/situations/locations might be a little scary for a young child. And she was right (mainly because he was scared of the dark. But we also took him out during a particular part in the adventure.) Overall, he said he had a lot of fun. This adventure is suited for all ages.I definitely recommend this. I think it would be more fun if you go with a group of friends because it can be more personal. But even if you don't go with your friends, you get to make new ones and its still as fun.
5	it's only July 2011 and I feel like Mystery Adventures will already be the highlight of my entire year. I came here with my friends from church-14 of us, the maximum being 14 people.Upon walking in, it was already awesome, vibe brought us into an older century, with vintage furniture everywhere, the staff was awesome, like hosts, and we were their good friends coming over for dinner- or in this case, to solve a mystery. i remember Max, who was our cool limo-like, shuttle driver and also our partner-in-solve. wait, does that make sense? he was chill and made it worth it. We were presented the mystery called "Barbosa's Mask" What they do is present a mystery case to solve. we went to 2 different locations where we'd team up and find clues that would lead us to solving the mystery. it was so thrilling, felt real, i was truly scared at one point because the theme of our mystery had some "spiritual" twist to it. this allowed us to exercise our minds, thinking with common sense, and outside of the box as a team. so, what i love about the idea of this adventure is it allowed me and my good friends to work as a team in solving this mystery, which had us grow in our bond and to work together. priceless! - which is why it is the highlight of my 2011. GOOD TIMES.i don't wanna give away too much(yes there is so much more i'm not mentioning, as to not give it away, to experience on your own)but it is a different experience, one i can bet the moon you wont regret). It was one the best 3 hours ever spent out here in Vegas- maybe even in life. i'd recommend going with at least a handful of your friends, this would hopefully, bring you guys closer at a different level. i rest my case.i'm down to come back again when they have a new mystery in September.
5	There is not much I can say that is different from the other reviewers. I would rate this as one of the top 3 budget oriented Las Vegas shows/experiences. We got our tickets via Groupon, but without that discount, you can still enjoy this 3 hour experience for under $40 a person (transportation and snacks are provided). I went with a group of family and friends. They have a limit of 14 people, and I would suggest going with 13 people you know. We went with a group that included younger kids. While this isn't normally a problem, they were less "in the game" and more oriented to getting done with the adventure. It would also be fun to have only people you know as the detective assigned to your group will joke with you. If you are comfortable enough to joke back, it will be a much more enjoyable experience. The staff are great, and locations are pretty incredible as they build them out to meet the needs of the story. Be on the lookout for discounts, but it is worth it even if you do not have a discount as it is a 3 hour experience!!! (unheard of for Vegas entertainment). We are already planning on going once the new story is introduced later this fall.
2	Dont Do It!!!!!  I have never posted on yelp before, and this caused me to post. It's not that mystery adventures is horrible, or the people that run it are not nice, they are.. However, this is NOT work the 5 stars everyone gives it, and NOT worth the $45 per person. It is essentially a dinner murder mystery on wheels. After a while, it becomes redundant and people stop trying. Maybe it was because max was not the one leading the group as others reviews say he does, but it was just ok at best. Better ways to spend $90 per couple in vegas.
4	I don't much to say that hasn't already been said. This is a LOT more fun than I thought it would be. The staff was great. Jay, the "inn manager", and Carmen, our driver, were personable, helpful, and most of all FUN. Apparently they change the story at the end of every year, so I'll definitely be organizing a group outing for this one again sometime next year.
5	My two friends and I went on this adventure Weds the 7th of Dec.  Honestly, just the best time the entire week.  We did a lot of cool fun things, but this was the highlight.  We went back to the hotel and told the conceirge there about it, highly recommending she tell people.  An hour later she said she was able to spread the word to more people.  Lets keep telling people about it!!  Thanks to the gents who put this on.  Highlight, for sure!
5	as the other reviews state, we had no clue what to really expect out of this, but ended up having a great time.i do feel our driver/PI helped us out a bit too much with some of his hints, but I doubt we could have figured out half of what we did without some of them.Regardless, it's a nice change-of-pace entertainment.
3	Unfortunately, I was fighting a cold and not really in the mood to dig around like you have to do on the adventure; however, it is clever and well done.  Our driver (a tattoo'd Hispanic short guy) was just excellent guiding everyone on the mystery.He guided everyone but didn't give anything really out, so the team really worked hard to find the mysteries....well, everyone did but a couple of us (me cause I was feeling sick).  I came with a Groupon, but I wouldn't pay $45 a person for it regardless.  It basically is a murder mystery like I saw at a dinner theatre once put on by an actor and his crew.  It's worth maybe $20-25 at most.This works for families of pre-teens and teens and young couples under 35 very well.  Not so exciting for people over, say 45 I think.
4	While planning my Vegas trip I subscribed to the Groupon e-mails to see what kind of deals I could find.  I was hoping for more food deals than I found, but was lucky enough to come across the deal for Mystery Adventures!  My husband and I joined a group at the "inn" the evening that we arrived in Vegas.  There were three other parties participating, giving us a total of 12 for the evening.  To start, we signed a few things and were told the rules and then the story began.  A mystery was presented to us then we traveled to the next location to search for clues.  It took us to a third location which was done up fantastically!  They really worked the locations into a good mystery.  Our group worked well together and with a little assistance from our driver (Joe, I think his name was) we solved the mystery!  There were drinks and snacks available to us on the bus and we got a certificate and prize at the end.  This was something fun and off the beaten path to do in Vegas and I would definitely recommend it and maybe even try it again on my next visit, and with a new mystery to solve!
5	My boyfriend and I purchased Groupons for this and boy was it worth it. I expected some lame mystery that was entirely too easy to solve. Really, I went into expecting a Happy Meal toy. What I mean by that is, you know when you're a kid and you see the commercial for a Happy Meal toy and it looks SO AWESOME, but then you get it and it's a plastic piece of crap that breaks after two uses? That's what I expected. That's not at ALL what we got. While it was a bit overacted and cheesy, that's part of what made it charming. You begin at the 100-year-old Mystery Hotel and your newly licensed PI makes you all DITs (ditzes) - detectives-in-training. After being tasked with your mission, you start right away in a cooperative effort to solve puzzle after puzzle and collectively put your clues together as you travel from location to location. We were in a group of 10 with a family of adults and a family with pre-teen kids. There is a strict no alcohol policy, not that you need the alcohol, because it's SO FUN!! There were snacks and beverages provided, but it lasted nearly two hours, so if you go eat beforehand and make sure you don't wear heels. You walk around in some dark, shady places and heels are possibly the worst choice. A non-Groupon ticket is $50 per person and totally worth it. We are talking about doing another mystery for Valentine's Day. Mystery Adventures is a great experience for locals and tourists alike if  you're looking for something different to do.
5	Great for family with teens or as a team building exercise for coworkers. Snacks and drinks were provided. Our tour guide was friendly and helpful (but not too helpful). As a person who respects other people's privacy I never realized how fun it could be to go through someone's personal belongings in their home or office. Having permission made the act both fun and quilt free. If you have ever had the desire to be a detective this is the event for you. Relatively inexpensive compared to most Las Vegas attractions.
4	Came with a Groupon! Brought my friend as part of her birthday present since we'd been talking about checking this out. Wasn't sure what to expect but the staff were all very helpful and friendly. The "inn" is really cute and helps set the mood for the evening. We were put in a group of 12 that mostly consisted of tourists. Our driver was very funny and helpful (especially when people were getting really stuck on certain clues). The locations were really nicely done and totally not what I expected. No, you're not sifting through a fake dumpster in a random ally, this is much much cooler. There are some funny twists and the locations were all extremely close together so don't worry about sitting on that bus for loads of time. Fun experience, I would try the next mystery when they run another Groupon!
5	Get ready for a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma.That's pretty much Mystery Adventures in a nutshell. You may be asking yourself what kind of nut has a shell big enough to cram all the fun you'll be enjoying throughout the evening. Well, the answer to that is the group of nutty and creative folks that run this little Mom and Pop outfit.Seriously. The level of detail that went into the storylines and the puzzles and the clues for said puzzles is impressive. To be honest, I wasn't really big on piecing together the plot. Luckily, we had other team members who were into that. I had more fun figuring out computer passwords and lock combinations and things of that nature.Obviously, I won't give anything away. There will be no spoilers in this review. Then again, the mystery changes every so often. In fact, they mentioned that the new story might be ready next month. They are also exploring the idea of recycling past adventures so that you can come back sooner and still try something new to you.If I have one complaint, it's that it sometimes felt like I was missing out on things. At times, while a group of us might be in one room figuring out symbols to open a lock, the people in the other room might be uncovering dead bodies. I'm just kidding. Or am I?
5	Where to start? This was awesome! It's hard to describe the whole thing without giving anything away, but I'm going to try: First: Check In, we waited a little since some people were late, no biggie. The guy who helped us out was freaking funny. He loved to talk about food! He gets so overly passionate about it too. He was great!Second: Wait for everyone to check in. Then they go over a few things before we start.Third: The story begins: Fourth: Get in the shuttle and get driven to first location. The driver is super awesome as well, don't remember his name but he's the one with tattoos everywhere. There were snacks and drinks in the shuttle. Fifth: Go crazy!, it's hard at first because I was lost, not sure what to do, but seriously tear the place up..!! LOL. its fun, but don't damage anything.Sixth: Second and last location, now that you got a hang of things, do the same as this location to discover some secrets. It was super fun! It was active, everyone does have to work together for everything to make sense. Our group was great, we had some locals and the rest of the group are from Cali. We bonded during that time, and we all got along. It was great! In the end we get a certifiacte, and because we found some balls we got a movie to take home. LOL! The balls will be explained. I used a Groupon which was a great deal. However its still totally worth it without the deal. This is great for birthdays, or just group of friends who wants to do something different. I definitely want to check out this place again..Great thing to do in Vegas!
4	There is a mystery to solve, and it is an adventure.  The experience lives up to its name!  When you arrive, you and the other Detectives In Training are briefed on the case, and are then taken to multiple locations to gather clues.  Clue gathering is accomplished by solving a variety of puzzles made up of words, numbers and patterns.The overall experience is great, and definitely something I'd recommend to anyone.  One thing that I hope is possible in the future is to have smaller groups for the adventure.  It would take longer to solve the case, but with a large group I felt like I wasn't experiencing everything.  While I was helping a few others on one puzzle, there could be one or two other puzzles being solved at the same thing.Mysteries change every so often, and costumes are encourage, so be sure to bookmark Mystery Adventures for those times you feel like getting your Sherlock on.
5	This thing was AWESOME! I recommend it to everyone & there's nothing like it. This far beats out the CSI experiment at MGM. Basically, you have a small group of people with you, you're given a leading hint to try to figure out an entire murder/adventure. Then, you and the team have to figure out where to go, all over town, break into things, figure out computer passwords, break codes, etc. EXTREMELY well thought out.
5	Mystery Adventure is AWESOME! My family and I, ages from 20-60+ and a total of 9 people played the game together on a Saturday afternoon in Vegas. Without giving away the mystery to the adventure, I'll just say it was incredibly put together and planned out. We had a blast searching for the clues, solving the puzzles, and piecing together the story. It definitely wasn't what I expected (I expected a haunted house mystery, like the one in that episode of saved by the bell)...However, what we got was much better!!! It was interactive. Joe, the Master Detective, helped us out (subtly I should saw) but he was a lot of fun to hang out with for the 3 hours we were there. The adventure was never at all boring, there was always something to find. We had a great time, and I would definitely suggest this to anyone in the Vegas area or from out of town who is tired of doing the same ol things on the strip.
4	When we first started the adventure I was trepidatious, but as the night continued the time flew by. By the end of the night everyone on the adventure was laughing and just having a great time. The host for the evening, Joe, was a great character and tried to keep everyone engaged. All in all I had a good time.
5	Amazing experience!!!! A must try. The stories are well thought out and put together. I most certainly will do this every time I come to Vegas!
