4	After spending time at IKEA and Linen N Things, we went mattress shopping. Not the most exciting piece of furniture in the house. Well, not until you get it home...wink, wink! The showroom is a sea of off white cushy rectangular sleeping slabs. Everything looks the same. Try this one. How 'bout this one. This, is our premier mattress. Really? My backside must be numb (insert joke here), cuz they all kinda felt the same. When the salesperson told me I was lying on a $2,200 mattress, I sprang from the bed as if I'd heard some clatter and got outta bed to see what was the matter. We settled on a less expensive version and have been peacefully sleeping ever since. Well. Except for my freight train snoring apparently. But I'll yelp about that later. The salesperson was a good sport as The Culinary Comedian and his fashion designer boyfriend were cracking up and cracking jokes as we lay, man to man, on beds all over the showroom. Plenty of eyes wandered our way when we attempted to spoon each other. You gotta test it out. That's what the salesperson said. Finally, after a day of spending thousands of dollars you get that final pre sign on the dot question. Mattress cover for $99? Uh, no. Thanks though. Well if you spill or tear it or a meteor lands on it, the warranty is null and void. Still,  no. But thank you. It also prevents bed bugs and bed mites. SOLD! You should have mentioned that first buster. Sleep America. Where Gay America (and you other people) Go To Sleep!
1	I arrived mid-day, with one goal in mind - buying a new mattress for the guest room.  This should have been a very quick purchase, since I pretty much knew exactly what I wanted.  Unfortunately, the salesperson didn't even bother to acknowledge my presence for over 5 minutes.  Finally, I got a quick "hi", and he went back to his other customer.  I walked up and down every aisle in the store, waiting, waiting, waiting, while he walked them from bed to bed while they tried laying on each one.  Seriously? I could have chosen and paid for my bed in the amount of time it took them to try out just one!  Someone needs to instruct him on handling multiple customers at once.  Two isn't really that many! Since the salesman was clearly more interested in serving them, I left and bought my bed at Mattress Firm instead.
5	We all know mattress shopping can be a bit of a pain, unless we know exactly what we want, which i didn't!  After laying on a few, I asked for a recommendation - and got a great one!  They had a $2500 mattress on sale for $800.  While it was more pricey than I had originally planned, the mattress came with a 20 year warranty, and he threw in a free bed frame,. as well as an excellent mattress pad with a 10 year warranty.  Plus the mattress is incredibly comfy, which was necessary for me since I fractured my back a few months ago and was having a hard time finding something that worked well with my back issues.  Thx Sleep America!
1	About 7 years ago I purchased one of their mix-n-match 99.00 deals for my spare bedroom! After the set-up, I noticed that the box spring was completely made of cardboard!! The mattress was not much better and the WHOLE thing was thrown out in about 6 months! Well, I figured, you get what you paid for..my bad!! About 9 months ago I was back at Sleep America....thinking it was my mistake the last time...this time I spent almost 900.00 for a queen set for my teenage son. Every morning I have noticed a really funny sound when he is getting out of bed, and low and behold ...the box spring is CARDBOARD!!! MY BAD AGAIN for not inspecting, but I feel SOOO CHEATED!!! The mattress isn't that great either!! I will be replacing shortly and I can ASSURE you that I will NEVER step foor in a Sleep America again!! ughhh..BTW...it was not at this store...the store I purchased from was in Gilbert and is no longer there!
1	We purchased a high end mattress that was delivered on May 30, 2011. It has become very uncomfortable to sleep on it and the concern to make it right is non-existent at this point. They have received a report from Integrated Bedding Group but so far have failed to acknowledge that report. One of their reps told me that just because it was uncomfortable didn't mean it was defective. They tell you to shop local so you would think they would care about satisfying a customer. Never again will I shop there!
5	My husband and I walked into the 19th Ave Christown Mall location with no idea what we wanted in a mattress.  All we knew was we had to get off of the one we were on.  Our salesman Marc (Uncle Marc) was fabulous.  Not only was he super friendly and quite knowledgable of their products but he went way above and beyond the call of duty for us.  We are now sleeping so soundly and we absolutely love our squishy pillows!  If anyone in the Phoenix area is in search of a new mattress, we highly reccomend Marc at the Christown Mall on 19th Ave and Bethany Home Rd.  Tell him Sonja and Jay from Lynn and Danvers sent you!
1	Very poor customer service. Apparently when you only have one customer sitting at your computer is more important. In addition, very rude sales person who must assume they are the only mattress provider in Phoenix. Needless to say we walked out from what could have been an easy sale and I rather go spend my money elsewhere.
5	Lonnie is great! He knows a lot about mattresses and was very helpful.  We were not in the market to buy a mattress the day we went in, he was not pushy about selling us something that day and said it was a good idea to think about it and make sure we were going to be happy as it is something we would probably have for a while.  Normally I am not into being shown around by a sales person but Lonnie was really helpful and because he was really listening to what we had to say had great advice.  My partner and I found a bed we really liked at a good price.We went to the competition across the street and that was just awkward.  That sales guy wanted to know what price he would need to get to for us to leave the store with a mattress.  High pressure sales, yuck.  We went back to Sleep America where we bought our bed from Lonnie, it was delivered the next day and we love it.
