1	DO NOT RENT FROM THEM!!!Like a comment above, the reduced rate is not worth the horrible service.We were in town for a memorial for my father who dies in January. We had 7 people and HAD to have a van that fit two car seats and lots of luggage, so naturally I reserved a van three weeks prior to our arrival. When we came to the desk to retrieve our car we were told there were NONE available. The attendant did make the effort to try to find a car from other rental companies that they share with. An hour later he found a Yukon with 8 seats, but barely any luggage room. He said we could have it for $20 more per day. WHAT???? You charge me more for a car we barely fit in because you were supposed to have available for me to rent. Two hours later, after speaking back and forth with the manager, whom wouldn't even have the courage to speak to us directly, we end up paying an additional $70 for the four days rental.We squashed in the car and left. We return the car today. Hopefully we won't be hassled when we check it in.
5	Had a wonderful experience with FireFly. I booked payless but that was a joke. Walked around and talked to the nice guy over at FireFly he got me in a Ford Ecape for almost half as much as stupid payless. No problem and get experience. I recommend them any day.
1	Super low rates get you in the door.  Hidden fees and long lines explain the low price tag.  Please shell out another 25-50 bucks for one of the other big names.
1	I wish I could give this a zero star, but a 1 star will have to do. We booked our car rental online about a week before our trip. Firefly was the least expensive for the mid size car, so we went with that. After our journey from Portland, OR to Phoenix, AZ, we went to check in for our car rental. Except, that part didn't happen. The girl who was supposed to be checking us in was not there. Nor did she show up after twenty minutes of us standing there waiting for her to show up. So, no show from the attendant led us to renting from Thrifty car, which cost us more money than we had originally been quoted from Firefly. Really frustrating. Won't even try to rent again in the future.Anyways, I guess if you want to see my true car rental experience, see what I ended up writing for Thrifty car rental.
1	Do NOT rent from this company!   You will be sorry if you do.  Lousy service from beginning to end! No one at the desk to help you, or just one person for a giant line.Car's rear view mirror didn't work from the get go ----- as I found out on a busy freeway where it was too late to manually readjust it.  DO NOT TRUST them with your credit card! I was charged almost 100 dollars more than the contract stated! (And i bought full insurance - given they don't offer partial.) I left the car exactly as I rented it, with a full tank of gas, and with an earlier return than designated!This is NOT  a trustworthy company! My bank is currently disputing the bill. Save yourself the trouble and go to a well recognized company ------ !!!
4	My experience in Phoenix was totally different than other reviewers.  My impression is that FireFly management at Phoenix read the reviews and took them to heart.  There was no line, there was no bait and switch on the car class, there was no demand to take the full tank fuel option, the car was a 2013 Honda Civic with 11,000 miles on it.  I would rent from them any time in Phoenix.
1	My experience with Firefly has taught me that shopping on price alone is not the way to go.  As if Airline Fees aren't bad enough, Firefly seems to have managed to bring them into the rental car business.  I agree with others who post about their inflexibility.  They spent more time trying to up sell me than actually focusing on helping me.  And that was after the ridiculous wait thanks to being light staffed on check-in/return.  Just skip'em.
1	Definitely the worst rental experience ever, and I'm a pretty frequent traveler. The check in went perfectly fine. The customer clerk at.the counter was very personable and sweet. I booked online about 3 weeks in advance and the rate was pretty cheap. It all started to go sour as soon I drove the vehicle. The drive was pretty shakey and the car didn't seem very stable. As I had a long drive out and didn't want to turn back yet, I called the lady at the counter and told her the situation. She said.I'd have to call another call center to discuss the issue.  I basically played the phone hold game and basically told there were no other cars of that class available. I chanced it and took the car anyway, of which it overheated twice on the freeway. Called back AGAIN to again no avail. I also prepaid foe gas to which the lady at Checkin said as long as I bring back the tank full, they would drop the prepay charge. Well, what they don't say is that there is no attendant in the car lot at pickup or drop off, so no one actually checks the tank. And apparently it doesn't even matter because they just want the receipt, which I didn't have on me. I told the lady at my checkout that I could go back down to my car and take a picture of the gas tank proving that it is actually full! To which she replied "it doesn't matter, I need the receipt".... so, a gas Gauge indicating a FULL tank of gas DOESNT prove that the tank is full of gas?  I call shady business practices. Definitely reporting to the BBB.
1	Arrived at sky harbor airport and Firefly Car Rental went home - 9 pm. Fend for yourself even when you have a reservation - horrible
1	FireFly seems to be in a class by itself, at the very bottom.  (And I have direct experience with virtually every other USA rental car brand.)As others noted the clerks are trained to use FUD in a high-pressure up-sell conversation as you rent.  They will tell you that those rentals have no insurance.  That if the rental needs repair after your use, you will liable for the list-pice rental fee during the repair period, etc.FireFly cuts costs by leasing the furthest away, cheapest parking area for their fleet.  They have no personnel in the car area for check out or check in. Their Lost-and-Found is a black hole of no-response.  Don't count on ever seeing again anything you leave behind.Finally, and most egregious, is the condition of their fleet. Our Dodge Avenger (perhaps a piece of trash by itself - way underpowered and terrible visibility) had over 50k miles on it, pulsating brakes and handling that caused us to keep in the slow lane (out of alignment?) and never keep-up-with traffic in Arizona's 80+ MPH Interstate speeds.  Ugly.The savings of a couple of dollars per day was not worth it.  Will not rent from these guys again and suggest avoiding them.
