5	Well, hello Phoenix Yelpers. It's certainly been a while since my last review (maybe a confession is in order?). Well, even though I have lots of recent business experiences that I could have chosen to write about as part of my triumphant return, I think I will (re-)start by reviewing a local business run by hard-working people committed to quality results. What could be better than that?My husband, Myles M, found Angel Eye on Kudzu.com, which is great but not as great as Yelp, of course! Now that I'm reviewing them on Yelp, it should be even easier for people to find them, which is a very good thing for the following reasons: 1. They respond to inquiries really promptly. I emailed them for a quote and had a well-written, detailed response in my inbox just an hour or so later. 2. They confirmed with me the day before and morning of my first scheduled service. Life gets hectic and there's nothing better than a reminder (or two) of an upcoming appointment. 3. They arrived promptly without calling fifty times for directions. We've hired service providers who have called asking for step-by-step instructions for arriving at our home. That's what Google Maps is for. 4. They asked for clarification. As any teacher, parent or boss would say, it's better to ask and do something right than to not ask and do it wrong. 5. They got the job done and did it well. In just four hours (keep in mind we have a fairly large house that hasn't been cleaned in, say, 9 weeks), our house sparkled from top and bottom. I almost didn't want to cook a meal or walk around for fear of dirtying the place! 6. They were upfront about their rates and didn't try to upcharge when the work was completed. We all appreciate honest and fair dealings, especially in this day and age. After seeing the results of their first cleaning, I hired Angel Eye to come back for bi-monthly cleanings. I look forward to having a great relationship with them (and a very clean house) for years to come!
5	Because of Christine's glowing review, I decided to try Angel Eyes.MY HOUSE IS SO CLEAN!!:)And let me tell you, it was dirty.  For realz.but now.... now.....now it's so clean!!I'm so happy.  I wonder how quickly me, my man, and my two furry babies will be able to soil this clean house.I thought that the husband and wife team that is Angel Eyes were friendly, reasonably priced, and great cleaner/organizers!I will definitely be calling them again in the near future.
5	Add me to the list of "because of Christine's glowing review..." Having my house professionally cleaned has been a dream of mine for a few years now. Having company come in from the east coast and a beyond full plate of work and finishing my masters, my husband decided to give in and humor me. All communications were prompt and professional. The price was great for the piece of mind. Knowing that they had cleaned the house of someone I know was a huge weight off of my shoulders. And most importantly they did a great job! They dealt with my annoying dogs and the muddy mess they had created with no complaints. Even though it has been a few weeks since they were here, we can still see their presence through the polished chrome in the bathroom and the dustless wine bar.
5	I was recommended to use Angel Eye by a friend..and I am so glad I did! They did a remarkable job cleaning my home!!! They were very professional and their attention to detail was outstanding. They cleaned things I always overlook! I've already scheduled their next visit. I highly recommend hiring Angel Eye for their superb & affordable services.
4	The cleaning is outstanding, and my wife and I love how our stuff is thoughtfully organized. It's always a bit embarrasing letting someone clean up your mess, but Angel Eye Cleaning Services never bats an eye at the disaster that our condo becomes every two weeks. I've used Molly Maids and Merry Maids and all that other corporate BS, and these two hard-working folk do a much, much better job.I give four stars instead of five because of the lack of liability insurance. If this was changed, I'd give a solid five. For the price, reliability, and service, I haven't found another cleaning service that even comes close.
4	Ahhhh Spring time, it's the time we pay other people to do the things we don't want to do. After weeks of procrastination, research, and discussion, my husband and I finally caved in and got cleaning services. With a young puppy and summer bringing on (or shedding off) her new coat, our bamboo wood floors were screaming for attention. We are sure glad we made the decision to call Lana. We both work full time and he works incredibly long hours. I did not want to spend anymore weekends devoted to cleaning. Lana, Michael and their son were the answer! They did a job that would normally take my husband and I about 6 hours total in less than 3 hours. The scoured the kitchen, and even took all the coils off the burners to clean the drip pans. The bathrooms are nice and sparkling. They vacuumed the carpet and upholstery, and even made my bed! What I can truly rave about is the job they did on the windows: blinds dusted, sills wiped, glass squeegied, I never knew so much light can come through! Michael even offered to do them from the outside if we removed the screens. The reason I take one star away, is that I went through the house pretty much with a magnifying glass to assess the job. I found a few specks of dust left on the dining table (granted my dog could have just walked by and shed a few pieces of fur). I also noticed a few spots of soap scum left on the bottom frame of the shower door. No one will ever notice this, except for my husband who is pretty obsessive about a clean house. I will definitely hire the crew back and I am sure that they will address the issues above with a great attitude. I really can't wait to have them back. They are all so professional, friendly and love dogs! They didn't mind my puppy being curious around them at all. Thanks Angel Eye! See you in a few days/weeks!
5	I've used their services twice in the past month and this review is well deserved and long overdue.  They are courteous, helpful, and diligent.  They genuinely want your home to be clean and want an honest and fair critique of how you feel about their work.   Let me be the first to tell you: their work is awesome.  They are great with windows, floors, doors, baseboards, bathrooms, dusting, you name it.  There were hard water spots that have been on my outside front windows for years and low and behold, they are now squeaky clean.Highly recommend!!!!
3	I used Angel Eyes one time, last year.  I wasn't happy that the cleaners they sent left their used paper towels in plain sight, or that the kitchen sink had debris in it after they were done.  To their credit, they offered to come back and clean again at no charge, however, I expected a higher level of service, especially after reading some of the glowing reviews here on Yelp.
3	Sigh, I wanted so much to be able to add to their accolades but, they missed a few things that have me sighing. First of all, my house is not dirty, a friend of mine is appalled I called  a maid because to her, my house is clean it just needs a quick once over. What it needed was detail work. You know baseboards, detail dusting, vacuum the edges of carpet where it mets the walls, wipe down doors, cabinets etc. We walked did our initial walk through and I emphasized the blinds, window sills and fans, and dusting needs. Did not clean the window sill in living room that had dead bugs there still post visit, they totally missed the ceiling fan too though they did get the one in my bedroom. My bedroom furniture dusted on top but the sides and decorative bases totally missed. In a empty spare room though, they got the window sill, fan and vacuuumed up the carpet so it is now ready for someone to move in. Like I said, my house was basically clean and needed detailing. What they did clean was great, but what they missed was disappointing. I should have done a walk-through but my friend came over and I got distracted. I am confident they would have corrected it, but I did not notice until they were gone. Very polite and friendly. I will use again but next time I will make sure I do a walk-through.
5	I just used this cleaning service because of the incredible reviews on here.  Lana and Micheal are wonderful people, could not be nicer and do such a great job.  I have been using them for about 6 months and my floors shine and house is so bright and clean.  They are honest, hard working family people that live by their reputation.  So if you are looking for a great cleaning service in the Valley, look no further!
4	I was very please with Angel Eye Services.  I was a little skeptical at first because I was told they would be there between 10 and 11 am,  they did not show up till 11:15.  I was also very leery when they first walked in because they looked very young and didn't mention they were from the cleaning service. Tara and Andrew definately made up for it and it turns out they were very professional and were very hard workers .  All along the way asking if I had any special requests or if I wanted them to focus on any particular areas.  I had them do a general cleaning with special attention paid to my ceiling fans and baseboards. I thought it was cool that Andrew asked which scent I preferred him to use when cleaning the floors and happy he accepted my request to use my Pinesol (hubba's favorite scent).   My expectations were exceeded with this first of many cleaning I am certain.
4	I need a move in clean for a new house.  The crew was adaptable to address my specific list of problem areas and worked hard the whole time.  The pricing was very fair.  I plan on using them again when I move out of my current rental.
2	Going off of the positive yelp reviews I chose Angel Eye Services to come in and clean a home I was moving out of. However, I was rather disappointed with the results.The people cleaning were professional and kind however they must have been moving at half speed because 4 hours later it seemed like the house should have been much cleaner. My landlord provided me with a checklist of items to clean, which I provided to the crew. The carpets were cleaned prior, eliminating one of the larger tasks. One of the crew members spent close to 3 hours cleaning the kitchen which quite frankly wasn't very dirty to begin with. I understand that cleaning takes time but 3 hours later I still found several areas in the kitchen that were looked over. Also she didn't have oven cleaner and had to run down to the store to grab some. I would think a professional cleaning service would always come equipped with oven cleaner since I would imagine that is a pretty common item to clean.Overall the experience was so-so and the results were below par. After 4 hours there will still items that had to be done; however I didn't want to continue to pay them so I finished myself. Hiring professional cleaners I expected them to show up with professional tools, vacuums, and cleaners; however they had standard equipment that yielded less than professional results.
2	I scheduled a move-in cleaning with the owner the day before we needed it done. I appreciated her getting back to me so quickly and her willingness to fit me into their schedule. That was about the extent of any positive experience I had with them.I was given an arrival time of 2-3 pm. At 3, the owner contacted me saying the girls were running about half an hour late...no big deal. At 4:15, no one had come yet. I was then called by the crew saying they had run out of gas and would have to reschedule. I said that would not be possible because the reason I needed the cleaning done that day was because we were moving in the following day. They said they would try to get on the road and figure something out. At 6 pm they finally arrived. The girls were very sweet but on top of everything that had happened, I was expecting a thorough cleaning. They did a great job on the bathrooms but I felt everything else was either brushed over or not noticed at all. One reason we needed cleaning was because the previous tenants had a dog with very long hair. At the end of our cleaning, there was still hair and dirt on the "mopped" kitchen floor, the inside of the fridge, freezer and cabinets had not been touched. I don't know if my experience was a fluke but it added a lot of anxiety to an already stressful week. My husband and I have spent the last three days cleaning what should have already been a clean townhouse. I still ended up paying what I would have if the correct appointment time had been kept and at the end of all of it, I received an e-mail saying if I did a Yelp review I would receive $20 off my next appointment. So here I am, writing my review. Although I do not anticipate using my discount because I will not be using this company again.
5	Great service! They have worked for us for the last two years and I can say  nothing but great things. They are very reliable, trustworthy and they do great work. No complaints...My house is spotless and they pay attention to any direction and detail. I highly recommend their services.
5	Amazing job!  I contacted them on Monday based on the Yelp Reviews.  I was blown away with how good of a job they did.  They were fast, brought their own supplies, considerate, and even took out our garbage.  I highly recommend them.
2	I chose this service based on Yelp reviews. Yelp-fail. The first time these folks came they were late and REEKED of cigarette smoke. They spent 3.5 hours here, and while things were good on the surface, it was not a deep cleaning. None of the blinds or fans were dusted and there were still dirty fingerprints on the bathroom light switch from the kids. I complained and the owner sent out a new crew who was on time and faster but still did not provide a deep clean. All of the corners of the tiled rooms had dust and pet hair AFTER sweeping and mopping. I will not be using this service again.
4	Hmmm, where to start?  I chose Angel Eye Services based on the great Yelp reviews.  The price quote that I requested online came back quickly and was very reasonable.  They also were very accommodating with my schedule to ensure the house was cleaned before our family arrived for the weekend.  I was completely rude and was running late from errands when they arrived exactly at their quoted arrival time.  They graciously waited outside our house (in 115 degree weather) for 10 minutes until I arrived home.  (I felt terrible about it but they were very understanding.)  The crew consisted of the owners (husband-wife team), their son and son's friend.  They got to work right away and did a great job.  They were also very friendly to my dog who followed them around the house pestering them. :)  I took off one star because they did miss a few spots that even I didn't notice until they left.  The ceiling fan and entertainment hutch were not dusted.  In fairness, I overheard their son mention that he was worried about kicking up dust in the room my newborn was playing in.  He even hand-dusted a few art pieces to make sure the baby was not disturbed.  They had asked me to inspect their work after they were done and I didn't notice those areas weren't cleaned which was my fault.  I was very pleased with the friendly service they provided and the price just can't be beat!  I hesitate to mention their appearance but feel I would be remiss if I didn't mention it in my review, especially since I see others have commented on their cigarette odor.  While they were EXTREMELY friendly and professional their appearance wase pretty "rough around the edges" which I wasn't expecting.  (I'm actually surprised there aren't more comments about this in other reviews.  I guess I'll be the rude/snobby person to make the comment but I do think it's worth mentioning as their attire and appearance was pretty startling.)  They also took a cigarette break during the cleaning which has never happened with other cleaners I've used in the past.
1	HORRIBLE! I had a scheduled appt at 10am on Saturday. I received an Email notice sent an hour before there scheduled arrival time, that they were going to be late, that I just happened to check. I re-arranged my entire schedule since I was having a dinner party at my house that night. I responded with my disappointment in such a late notice the fact that I did not deserve a phone call for such an important change. Email is not an acceptable means of immediate communication. 2 hours later I received another Email back stating they MAY not make it at all, once again no phone call. She said she would see if another team could come over, but then also made mention to the fact that she was booked out until December and was too busy to come another time. I got the sense that she was not only canceling that day, but also with absolutely no intention of an attempt to reschedule or fit me in elsewhere? I immediately tried calling them several times with no answer, left Voicemails, and responded by Email asking for a phone call to discuss the situation in person. I never got the courtesy of a single response.Aside from the fact it was probably too late, and that there was still a looming possibility of 2 different teams coming over to my house, and also because I never got an absolute cancellation, I couldn't call anyone else in their place. I had to have my dinner party that evening in a dirty house.The excuse I got was that "her car broke down when she (Lana) took her daughter and her daughter's 'BFF' to breakfast" that morning - rediculously unprofessional, and sounded more like a hangover to me.I cannot believe the level of unprofessionalism I received. I mean, really, not even a phone call or any kind of courtesy response after treating a customer like that? Wow
2	Well... the first time they came to clean our house I thought they were amazing!  I felt like they did a really good job and they kind of decorated somethings in our house to make it look really cute.  They were really cheap on the pricing, but the second time we did not have the best experience with them.  This time we had roommates who were home.  The main lady was very nice but this time they did a very sloppy job.  There were running very late.  They were supposed to be there between 10-2 and got there at about 4 which was kind of an inconvience because we do not like do be there when they clean.  We paid them for being there for three hours and they were not there the full time.  They took a long time on the bathrooms, but there was still dust throughout all the crown molding and was not deep cleaned. Our whole house is tile floors except in the bedrooms.  The last thing they do is mop the floors.  They did the worst job ever.  I spilled a water on the floor once they left and went to wipe it up.  When i looked at my napkin it was covered in black.  They didn't even scrub the floors... they just went over them really fast.  What really ticked me off was that they do not use their own supplies.  The cleaning lady let me know we were out of trash bags because obviously she used all of them.  I think that is very unprofessional. These people are very nice like I said i just do not think i would hire them again due to how sloppy their second job was.  We e-mailed them to let them know how disappointed we were in their job and still have heard nothing back.  I would not recommend this company unless you want to pay them for something you could do on your own.
4	While timeliness is not their strong suit, they are thorough, honest and hardworking. I hired them for a deep clean and they went much deeper than I thought they would - and I'm sure they realized that they misquoted since it took them much longer than they originally said it would. Lana, her husband and son were all along for the ride.
2	I used Angel Eyes for several months, but stopped because changing my changing situation made it more practical to do it myself.  The service started out really great, but the quality of cleaning deteriorated over time.  The standard of care fell.  That and they were careless about closing the door so my kitty wouldn't escape.  I was put off at first because they were significantly late without notifying me, after I had to leave work to wait for them.They weren't awful or overpriced, but wasn't that impressive after the first couple visits.
