3	After a morning of condo hunting my husband and I were starving. We pulled into the first strip mall we found and it turned out to be one with a Red Robin. I'm not normally a chain kind of person but times were desperate. I was surprised at how good my turkey burger was (why its listed as "Adventuresome" I don't know...) but it was enjoyable. My husband enjoyed his burger very much, polishing off the entire thing. The best thing about Red Robin is the bottomless steak fries!!! It's a diner type place that focuses almost solely on burgers. They have a salad menu but its very limited. It kind of reminded me of Fudruckers, only slightly less greasy.
4	Fish & Chips minus the chips with a chopped salad substitution works for me at lunch.  Fewer overall calories plus four pieces of fish were quite tasty.  However, by adding tartar sauce and a glass of winter ale I am not sure how many calories might have been saved by skipping the chips...Also, picked up two gift cards with bonus bucks good for first two months of the year.  I wonder if Mike T and Erik T will notice these comments?
4	I have to say that I love the burgers at Red Robin.  They have a great selection and come with unlimited fries.  I like the burgers so much that I never tried anything else, however, my wife loves the whiskey river barbecue chicken wrap.  They also have a lettuce wrap burger that my wife gets sometimes to keep carbs down.The service is a little hit or miss.  It is usually pretty good, but not great.  This is especially true if you get seated in the bar area in my experience.Red Robin is one of our regular places to go because of the reasonable prices and great burgers.  BEWARE - Tuesday night is kids night!
2	My friend has this seriously strange love with Red Robin.She called me on Thursday, "I'm forwarding an email to you. It's a coupon from Red Robin - let's go! My treat!! But you have to print the coupon for me!" So I hopped in my little car and off I went to PHX.We sat in the parking lot and she went, "Oh...it's  Mimi's Cafe. Do we want Mimi's or Red Robin?! Nevermind, I have a coupon for Red Robin, let's go!!"It wasn't late on a Friday night - about 8:30pm...and the restaurant was really quiet. We waited at the entrance, waiting for someone to seat us, but no one came forward. I noticed at the end of the bar a girl on the phone, giggling and laughing into the receiver...I had a sinking feeling she'd be the one to seat us. She saw us a couple of times and turned her back each time. After a few more mins she came and sat us down...turned out she would be our server as well. *sigh*She was great in ordering, but as for refilling drinks? Not so much. Didn't help that the restaurant was 4% full. It's hard keeping track of all 2 of your tables, isn't it?I enjoyed my fish burger, but not my fries. I ended up eating some of my fries because well...I was hungry and it was clear she wasn't going to come back after she dumped the bill on us. Oh wait, she did come back as I was halfway through my food (I am a slow eater) and tried to take my friggin plate away. Why didn't I enjoy my fries? It looked and tasted like the kitchen had taken old fries and refried them. :("Oh, I'm sorry. I totes thought you were done!" *insert insipid airhead giggle here*I had food in my hands and I was chewing. What gave her the idea I was done?I couldn't even ask for water because my mouth was full. I should've because I ran out of water...and I was thirsty by the time the meal ended.There was more 'small things that added up to a whole big amount of pissed off customers' in my friend and I, but I won't even go there.As a former waitress, just because it's slow it doesn't mean that your service has to slack...ok?If my friend *ever* suggests this Red Robin again, I'll tell her I'd rather go to McDonald's.
1	Their glassware and utensils always smell. I can't put my finger on it but they smell bad. We have tried to eat at this location a few times but always end up making the trek to the Red Robin on Mayo.
4	Red Robin has the best burgers in America, at least as far as commonplace chains go. They have wraps, salads, and chicken sandwiches, too, but I've only had the burgers and they're awesome. I was sadly disappointed to find that they stopped serving the Santa Fe cheeseburger or whatever it was called, but the Guacamole Bacon cheeseburger is a nice alternative. The fries are plentiful (supposedly they are refillable for free? I dunno, I'm usually too stuffed with the burger to find out) but a bit too salty and greasy. The sodas are too watered down right off the bat, perhaps due to the ice. The waitresses are friendly (and very nice to look at) but going there alone I feel slightly rushed as they hand me my cheque as soon as I start on the fries.
1	I've been meaning to review Red Robbin, I mean Red Robin for awhile. My wife and I went in here late one night after waiting about 10 minutes at our table at Mimi's for a waiter. Unfortunately we went over to Red Robin for a very poor tasting $19 per person Burger, drink and fry combo. They have unlimited fries, who cares, the burgers suck.
3	Usually I have had good food and service but this time it was just ok. I think the server had too many tables and just could not keep up. Everyone was very polite and nice but we ordered the onion ring tower as an appetizer but it was brought halfway through dinner but he did make up for it by taking it off the bill =)This time I ordered the teriyaki chicken sandwich which was completely messy and just tasted ok. I usually order burgers and should have stuck to that. You can never go wrong with a burger at Red Robin usually. Also the steak fries could have been cooked a little more. This is the first time that I thought the fries didn't taste good and I've never had bad fries at Red Robin until now.I will go back to Red Robin but maybe just not this location and will definetly order a burger next time!
4	YEAH! When you have some serious munchies, this is a great place to overindulge! Ahhh YES... The MONSTER BURGER! Tackle that sucker and you're a champion in my book! The "Onion Ring Tree" is a novel idea as well, albeit a tad expensive for what it is. Dig the groovy flavored ice teas as well, free refills. Yummy! Side of ranch, extra ketchup... Let's Rock & Roll!
2	I've eaten here twice now. I will continue to do so, as a group goes here Sunday evenings, and I enjoy the night out. But I'd prefer eating elsewhere.  For starters, the burgers. I know people who rave about Red Robin burgers...nothing I've had here would set me to raving. The burgers are restaurant burgers; a bit better than McDonald's or similar, but nowhere near what I can do at home, and more costly. Nothing here sets it apart from any other mediocre restaurant style burger place.  Of the two times I've eaten here, I once had the burger come pink -extremely- pink (like, 'rare'; I asked for medium. I think it was just rushed out of the kitchen because I ordered later than the rest of my party. If you don't like that, explicitly state 'no pink'), and the other time, there was a misunderstanding what I wanted (I asked for the Royal Red Robin burger, the waitress said "You mean the cheeseburger?" I didn't have the menu any more, and didn't remember if it had cheese on it or not, so said "Uh...I guess?" Apparently not), which wasn't exactly the restaurants fault, but was still really weird and kinda made it less appealing. That said, neither burger was worth the ~$10 I shelled out for it.  I'm just...not enthused.
4	Red Robin is what it is, so I'm basing this review against like kind restaurants (chili's, olive garden, etc...) Had a great meal, cheap cold beer, and a good experience. Food came out very quickly, bartender was a really nice guy. Also looked clean and well managed.
4	I have been trying to reduce my caloric intake and found out that at Red Robin you can order a "petite" burger. It is smaller but has the same toppings you order on the regular. So for those of you that don't want to have a burger that is 1000 calories (yes they are and more with the endless fries) , try the petite.
4	Looking for a change from the Chili's type restaurants - then check out Red Robin. My kids love the menu options for them such as pasta, chicken fingers, etc. and I can always find a healthier option for myself such as the grilled chicken and salad, etc. that are very tasty. My friends love the burgers as they have many different kinds and a good seasoning. I tried the burger one time without the bun as I've been avoiding grains and it was very good.Food comes out quickly, the servers are very nice, all in all its what you would hope for at a convenient, inexpensive quick dining experience.
2	Was very disappointed with the food, the hamburger was small and not so hot.  Cooked well but not flavorful, the fries were cold and soggy,  The only redeeming quality about the meal was the service was friendly and attentive, A little expensive for a hamburger,
5	This my fav. Place
3	I was here for a business dinner recently and loved their new hummus plate.  They put grilled zucchini on it and had some fresh jicama which was awesome.  I wasn't in the mood for BBQ at the time but so I ordered a turkey burger which came on a whole wheat bun and some steamed broccoli.  I love the healthy options.  Thanks to Red Robin for helping to fight the battle of the bulge.  Just make sure you bring lots of will power when come here because it's easy to blow it...especially with the desert menu!!
3	This is a safe place to eat a burger, and not wanting to be the adventurous type that night I opted to go to Red Robin. Walking in was kind of a pain as we waited for a few minutes to be seated, it was one of those where's the waitress or anybody?? front of the house. Finally a man walked out from the abyss in the back and seated us.FYI in case you have never been: bottomless root beer floats for $3 and bottomless fries with any burger. Sometimes the steak fries are too soggy as you get nearer the bottom of the basket and some of them may be way too over salted, just a warning. The thousand island dressing that came with my patty melt was great, almost felt like asking what brand it was. If you are a vegetarian, they offer either Morningstar or Boca substitutions. It didn't appear that there were very many people in the restaurant but the service was okay despite this.
2	Seriously...you are just better off going to Wendy's or Whataburger down the street and sitting inside if you want a burger...their burgers are better, their service is faster, the bill is cheaper.  My hamburger last night was clearly two frozen patties grilled with toppings. I make these at home or on weekends all the time. The value for quality isn't there.
4	Just to start off the review I am not a burger eater which I know is what this chain is famous for.  So I cannot comment on how good they are.This has been my go to lunch spot since moving here a few weeks back.  I generally just sit at the bar and get some appetizers (the sweet potato fries are to die for).  The staff rocks.  The entire bar staff are amazing, attentive, and friendly.  Id say it is the general rapport with their customers which is what has made me love this place. I look forward to many more lunch breaks here and likely an ever expanding waist lol.
4	Posted on the other yelp for this restaurant so posting again.  I am not a burger eater so can't comment on what they are famous for.  I can say that this has become my go to for lunch breaks at work.  The bar staff are attentive and friendly.  Their rapport is what actually has me come back on a regular basis.  That rapport and the absolutely amazing sweet potato fries.
4	My wife and I took our 20 month old here to eat. Food was what you would expect, not great and not horrible, just average.  Excellent service, very accommodating for people with kids, and fast service.  Four stars for service and attentiveness, 3 stars for food.
2	Well, damn.Until tonight, all of our experiences at Red Robin had been positive. Even at this location, our past meals had been enjoyable.Tonight, though...tonight left a sour taste in my mouth. That's not to say that the food was bad...it was actually pretty good. But the service was atrocious.We thought it was our lucky day when we walked right in on a Saturday night and sat right down at 7:00. We ordered our appetizer and drinks. The waiter, Cameron, came back and took our order a few moments later.Our appetizer came out in record time! We had hardly taken a few bites of our hummus plate, and then our food came out! Like I said...the food was good.So, where was the horrible service? The food was there fast, hot, and it was good. What could have bothered me so much?Well, I don't think the waiter said more than a dozen words to us. It seemed like he was late for something very important, and we were his last obstacle to overcome before he was able to free himself from the self-imposed bonds of servitude to Red Robin.Customarily, the waiter comes around after the food arrives and asks how things tasted. This guy didn't show up until our food was gone, our drinks were gone, and we were ready for the check and couple of to-go boxes.He begrudgingly gave me a refill on my drink before he dropped off the check. Now, granted, we don't ever get desert in a restaurant...but this guy didn't even give us the satisfaction of turning down his delicious sounding proposal.The whole process felt like we were imposing on this kid. We were in and out of the restaurant in less than 30 minutes.  This guy robbed us of the entire restaurant experience.If you can't enjoy the experience, then why go?It will definitely be a while (if ever) before I visit this location again. But I can promise that I'll avoid this kid like the plague if he's still "working against his will" at this location.
3	Good burgers but I love their fries with the seasoning!
4	In there today after an extended break.  Great sweet potato fries still.  Very attentive bar staff.  Big minus is no Wifi.
4	I can't believe that I am 53 years old and have never been to a Red Robin anywhere. What have I been waiting for?  Maybe my doctor would have approved of that fact, since had I experienced RR earlier in life, I'd probably be 50 lbs heavier with a  cholesterol level through the roof.Anyhow, I had the Royal Red Robin, complete with the obligatory fried egg. It was awesome! Fresh and oh, so tasty!I love you, Red Robin.
3	Met my friend for lunch and ... It's ok. However, we did get the appetizer of spinach artichoke dip and it was really yummy!  The service was really good and my sandwich was ok. I love that they have bottomless fries. That's always a plus. My 3 stars comes from the price. I think it's ok but I can think of better burger places for the same price or cheaper. I think $9+ for a (frozen) burger is a bit steep.
3	Staff is always nice, food is always hot and cooked well.
4	It was great.  After a long day at work, my wife and I decided to enjoy dinner here.  The Guinness Shake was great as were the pretzel chips with beer cheese and dijion mustard dipping sauces.  Our server, Eathan was great as well.  He made it pleasent and didn't act as if we were asking to much.  He talked to us and as such made our evening that much better.The food was also good.  I had the blue ribbon burger, my wife had a burger that they substituted the beef with a turkey patty.  It didn't take forever and a day to have our orders taken or our food delievered.  It was one of the best endings to a week we've had in a long time.
4	Sometimes life is a compromise. Like when my lunch buddies at work want to drag me to Applebee's or Chili's or some junk like that for lunch, I'll compromise with Red Robin. We're still talking junky food from all the same venders but at least they have bottomless steak fries and other perks.  The biggest advantage of eating here is that I can get a Royal Red Robin Burger. Basically this means a regular hamburger with an egg laid on top of it. How awesome is that? If you know anything about me, you know that I love fried eggs on top of anything; pancakes, beef, asian rice bowls, anything!  Okay so yeah, the egg, it's awesome. Let's talk about what's not awesome. Lettuce. Order this thing without lettuce and you will thank me in the morning. I mean something so beautiful is an egg on a hamburger doesn't need to be ruined by warm vegetation! The description says crisp lettuce? That is lies and we both know it. Just say no to lettuce.  Some other ideas for this sandwich are: Sprinkle some of that Red Robin seasoning on it. It's pretty good. Order it with a chocolate milkshake. That can't be bad.  Oh and Red Robin's has a pretty sweet deal where their French fries are all you can eat, or as I like to call it, the kids eat for free special. So if you have like 20 effin' kids, please take them here and feed them all these French fries, meanwhile you get to mow down on this tasty sammich. I have the best ideas!
4	Love eating here! Delicious. We've gotten good service every time we've been there (besides this most recent time but I won't count it because I like the place so much!) =p
4	I really enjoyed todays food at Red Robbin.
4	I went here for lunch with my dad and friend because it was convenient to where we were at the time (the hospital across the street). They seemed nice, everything was clean in the restaurant, service was good etc. The "special" burgers they have are always interesting: my friend got the promotional Wolverine burger and it looked amazing. I just stuck with a regular old bacon cheeseburger and that was delicious. They use good bacon (I'm kind of a bacon snob) and my burger was cooked to a nice medium rare like I ordered.
2	Where to begin, well the host was very friendly and sat us a booth in the bar. Our server took a while to come over to us even though there weren't hardly any people there. My dad had applied for some Red Robin's club card and he was to get a free appetizer for applying for it. They had issues getting his confirmation code to work though and instead of being helpful- like just giving the free appetizer- they said they couldn't do anything to help us and gave my dad some RR card help line to call, even though by then it was closed.. They did not offer us the appetizer and weren't very helpful.  Then we ordered drinks which took a while and then we finally got to order dinner. The dinner came out and I had a smaller burger but it still came with bottomless fries. Me, being the fry-lover that I am ate all of my (smaller portion) of fries. I asked for more. We waited for 20 mins and still no fries. I eventually had the server cancel the extra order (since they were to be bottomless) and got the check. It was poor service on their part. The server did apologize after I asked for the check. He ignored us for the most part though, which made me mad since it wasn't busy in the bar area at all. All in all, I like the Applebee's across the street from this location more  and will take my business there next time.
4	thought this place was better than average.  plenty of parking and we didn't have to wait to be seated.  menu had something for everyone.  our server was on top of everything.  i got the cheeseburger and it was huge!  the fat fries were yummy!  it was so much food that i could eat anything else the rest of the day.
4	I mainly go to Red Robin when I have a my Freckled Lemonade craving.  Then I think about which burger I want - which almost always ends up with the Shroom Burger.  The mushrooms are grilled to perfection and it's always so tasty and juicy.  The unlimited fries are always a hit and I love steak fries.  My son had the kids pasta with butter and a side of apples.  He devoured the pasta and asked for more.  We were willing to pay for the pasta, but they said it was not a problem and they wouldn't charge us for it.  That was nice of them.  Service in general was great and we'd definitely come back again.
4	We had a great experience here. The food was fantastic. I had the clam chowder soup and it was delicious, best I've ever had. I had the burning love burger which was out of this world. The fries are great, only wish they would've been a little hotter. Would've gotten 5 stars but I didn't due to the service. The waiter was very friendly and pleasant but he forgot almost  everything we asked for. He was also nowhere to be found when we needed him. I've had problems with the service before. I hope they get this straightened out. I would definitely go back though, the food is just too good. :)
3	I kind of think for these chain restaurants. they are what they are and you are gonna get a pretty standard sandwich and fries.Came in with my parents. They both got burgers. I got a crispy chicken sandwich. Honestly, tasted just like one you could get at a fast food spot like Wendys.But, the service was good. They made the fries well done like requested.........and they had a good honey mustard sauce so for that..........a standard 3 stars!
4	Good service.  The burgers where good.   The fries on the other hand did not seem that good this time.  They seemed like they were sitting around for a long time. Other than that everything was good.
4	How do you review a chain restaurant? You know what to expect before you sit down. I have never been here before and was pleasantly surprised. My burger was excellent, the refills kept coming and the kids were entertained. Fun lunch after a big gymnastics meet:)
4	Love Red Robin, Burgers are best, can't say the same for the chicken sandwich at this location. I frequent the one in Peoria on 83ed ave and to me that is the best one. Not sure why the quality seems different at different locations but people I have been with say the same.
4	I have eaten here multiple times and my meal has always been fresh and good tasting. The mountain high mud pie is always great if you have the room for it after dinner!
4	We've always loved the Red Robin burgers. First time in this particular RR.Had one of their special burgers, the Damn Good Burger. Oh HELLS yes that was a good burger. Seriously yumminess was had. Scott had another special burger, something like peppercorn something. He said it was super good too.Our waitress was a nice gal. There were definitely some training issues, she let us sit a while before we got our drinks. No major complaints, again I do believe it's a training problem.  Unfortunately we aren't born with Customer Service skills.We'll definitely go back. I love those burgers!
3	Great place for families with young kids. Gotta say that yummmm is not a word I would use to describe it. The word would be food.....average food.Don't get me wrong, I would go again because I have kids. Just would not go if it was just is adults.
1	I would give them a 0 if I could. I'm going to Red Robin many dozens of times over the years. I thought I had gone for the last time but decided one more try. I had a salad and onion rings and iced tea. The only thing colder than the salad of the onion rings was the ice tea. The chicken in the salad was rubbery and cold so were the onion rings the only thing getting more at the Red Robin is the cost that's it I'll never go again
2	Horribly slow service, we only saw our server once to drop off the check.  My husband and I wanted a quick weekday lunch as we had to get back to our jobs, food and service were slow an my husband waited 15 minutes for a refill on his fries.  Food is descent but not worth the horribly slow service and kitchen, plenty of better burger places in the area.  I would prefer my money go to businesses that take interest in their customers and don't provide horribly slow service.
4	So great burger, great turkey burgers too... Frys pretty bomb. .75 for chipotle mayo tho?? Come on now red robin!! Oh and our waiter Adam was the TRUTH. Great attitude. Kinda cute too!!!
