4	Beautiful facility with electric go carts- Indoor! These things go fast and they don't smell. Yay! It's $25 for 12 laps around the course and you'll get the adrenaline going. It's cheaper if you return a  second and third time because there's  "membership" that you purchase the first time around.There's a small arcade with video racing games. Some memorabilia of jerseys and winning race cars. Snack bar and plenty of chairs and tables for spectators to enjoy the view. Overall, it's a fun place to visit for a 1/2 hour. It's not a place you'll spend a lot of time at but, you'll enjoy your short visit and walk out exhilarated.
3	This place is pretty fun.  We came here for one of our daytime events for my buddy's bachelor party.  The facility is very well organized and clean.  When you enter there is a small arcade area to the right.  There is a snack bar with plenty of tables and chairs for spectators with TVs so you can watch sport events along with the races that are going on.The karts are electric as others have mentioned so its easier to maintain your speed, but you're also at the mercy of the operators when they slow all the karts down for people who spin out or are having trouble.I would have rated this place 1 star higher if not for a couple of things.  This was my first time doing any kind of kart racing, and the operators here seemed more interested in keeping the races going non-stop one after another than making sure people understood how everything worked or if they were okay.  I mention this specifically because I'm a pretty tall guy and I was having some problems with my seat belt, as my shoulders were higher in the seat than the driver before me.  I'm sitting there trying to figure out how to adjust it to make it longer while an attendant keeps walking by, but he never stopped to help me, (note: you can't call out to them because all the drivers are wearing helmets and the noise of the race that is going on as the next group of racers gets ready).  As the previous race finished up, they turned on our karts and the drivers in front of me start driving out to the track and I still don't have my belt fastened, I thought it was obvious that I was having trouble as I'm looking around for how to lengthen the seat belt, I finally figure it out (I had to reach behind my shoulder) and fasten it and off we go.  So after the first few turns, the shoulder strap starts falling of my shoulder because it's too loose and now I'm moving a bit in the seat on the turns and its a little uncomfortable.  I'm actually already pretty uncomfortable because I have to keep my arms very close to my body to hold the steering wheel (imagine how a T-rex driving with its short arms would look).In the end though, everyone had a good time.  Honestly I think this is a 4-star place for most, but the fact that they seemed more interested in getting as many races in as they could and they didn't seem to really help out the first time racers hurt my experience a bit.  Or it could the fact that, tall people just aren't built for go-kart racing.
4	Hell Yeah!!Excellent facility. Indoor, and the Air Conditioning WORKS!!Well run operation. Very attentive staff. (fyi, if you need to communicate while your helmet is on. Hands. A simple "hey" hand gesture makes a difference)The karts, not only being electric and not stinking up the place. Are as quick as other Indoor tracks I've been to. But the quality of upkeep is Excellent. I did have one with a "hobble" but was still only 1sec. off pace with the fastest racer in my run group (23.42) these guys worked here. Very nice karts! And they can change the course layout due to movable barriers.(NOT on the fly. But it can change from visit to visit. So don't think you got it "figured out") Running "clock-wise" is always fun for a change.(hint / hint)I'm 6'4". of the three karts I had, there was a bit of a difference #40 felt like the steering wheel was set away a tad. Giving me a bit more room. Seats are narrow in the hips too.  But I fit fine!I will be going back often. But I like this kind of adrenaline rush!(There are de-tuned, and sized karts for Kid's. So get Junior out there!!)Also have a "license" thats good for 1yr. Basic is $55. offers discount on future runs and some other stuff.........you can drop upwards of $4999.00 and basically have free run of the place for a year. VIP reservation hotline. a T-Shirt or two tossed in. Arcade, loft space..... You could have a decent business/work thing here. Check it out.Oh yeah. They have a couple Indy Cars, signed race helmets, and actual race suits on display!! Also Kurt Busch of NASCAR fame (and Las Vegas resident) is an investor. So I wouldn't be surprised to see him and his "buddies" from time to time.
5	WOW!!  Just moved to Las Vegas and I am a big racing fan.  In the past month I have visted three racetracks (Mini Grand Prix, Fast Lap and Pole Position).  The grand Prix is more of a kids place but fun if you are under 10.  Fast Lap was a dump, I could not even stand to stay and race as it felt like it was over 100 degrees in the building and the exhaust smell made me dizzy.   I also went to Pole Position which was very cool.  The cars are electric and the place is air conditioned so that alone made me stay.  i did go on a Saturday and they were very busy, I had to wait for 45 minutes to race but it was worth the wait. The carts are  FAST!!!  The building is like a museum with all kinds of racing memorbailia, very well done.  The day before I was there I read that George Lucas was there, if it is good enough for the creator of Star Wars then it is perfect for me.  Go to Pole Position!
5	Addictive!Indoor go-karting at high speeds.   They give a full print out of your success.  You can gauge best lap, progress over the 12 lap race, etc.Good in a large group.I did 48 laps and wanted more.Dafe
4	Pole Position is located behind and adjacent to the Palms Hotel & Casino right off of Flamingo Rd. It is a large warehouse that contains 1 large indoor track with electric go carts with radio controlled kill switches. The staff was friendly and clear in there instructions. For first time drivers a safety video must be viewed ahead or your race. This contains info about the carts, track, flags and safety. The carts are quick and the track with fun. The track is pretty wide so passing can happen. They have a leader board as you go down the home stretch which is a nice feature. This would be a appropriate for responsible older children and adolscentsBe aware. You are racing for time so your fast lap will rank you not your position in the field. It is a bit pricey as all of these go carting places but bring some friends and hang out and race a few times and it will be worth it. Out of the ones I have been to, this is the best one I have been to with a good mix of speed, nice track and carts, and overall fun.
5	4.5 .5 off for hard ass tires.This is awesome - i've never been gokarting, unless you count MarioKart.Let me tell you, this is NOTHING like MarioKart. These things go somewhere around 60MPH, and my best time around a 1/4 mile track was 1:27. Yes, minute and 27 seconds! whoo!sliding out is easy to do with their hard tires, but seriously - this requires relinquishing all fears and pushing your driving skills to the extreme! There is seriously very little risk.If you're a speed junkie like me, you HAVE to do this. BTW, with a group, it's 70 bucks, you get use of the lounge (and their wii), a t-shirt, free drink, and 2 times around. Plus you get to race your friends. We were there for a bachelor party and had 13 people.
5	Great experience of indoor carting with a bit of technology to boot.  Really impressed with the timed racing and a fairly comprehensive printout for each racer at the end of each race to see how you compare to each other as well as those who have raced that particular week.  Really an awesome experience and highly recommend if have transportation to get to this place!
4	It's was pretty fun but of course a little pricey. 60 bucks for two races about 8-10 mins long. They also gave you a free shirt with their logo on top. Chose of red grey or black. They provide the head sock kinda nasty and the helmet. Make sure to bring close toed shoes or your paying another five bucks to rent shoes and you get free socks. Yeah!!  The cart goes about 45mph top speed. After the first race then you start to get use to the track after that it was gas on the pedal all the way. At the endyou get a read out of how you did. They give you a bunch of stat print outs.if kit was cheaper this place would be a five star.
4	4/5 stars only because EVERYTHING is so expensive.This place has a really cool layout with an arcade right when you enter and then another one with pool tables upstairs overlooking the track.Theres a counter along the edge of the track to seat right up next to the action and boy is it exciting.I went here the other day to meet YouTube celebrity Sxephil/PhillyD for a fan meetup.While waiting I watched 5 or 6 races which was just as thrilling as @ the Motor Speedway.These cars go Fast and they let you really go for it. I watched at least a dozen guys go up into the wall and spin it completely around.I was really excited because I had won 2 race tickets from the radio station awhile back I now I could use them.Unfortunately I had a cranky kid and had to leave so I gave the ticket s to our guest Sxephil and hope he enjoyed the RIDE!This place is right down the street so I'll have to revisit soon and give it a go!
5	This isn't your traditional go karting venue.  Pole Position go karts are  go-karts on steroids!  You have fast electric cars, helmets, and timed laps.  The driving is so serious that you have to watch a video and sign a waiver before they'll let you onto the track.  This place is awesome!  By far the best go karting experience I have ever had!
4	Very fun, worth trying at least once when you're in Vegas.  The cars are indeed very, very fast.  Only thing, its a little bit on the expensive side, but still, good thing to work into an afternoon on your Vegas vacation.  They give you a printout at the end that shows how you did.
2	Pole Position is a karting facility with it's good points and it's not-so-good points.  After my first visit I had felt that the good points were simply not enough to justify further visits when I was in town... but with discount specials offered on my most recent visit, I was lured back.An enjoyable time, but ultimately not much of a change in how I see this place.  First the good:  This is a nice facility.  From a driving point of view, the track surface is very grippy and is predictably consistent.  The track layout is fun and has a nice flow.  The karts are well (and similarly) maintained.Unfortunately, those positives are kept in check by some problems.  On the small problem side, like so many of these places, the karts are not as equal as you'd like (well maintainance seemed very similar, tire wear was not the same on all karts and one I drove seemed down on power).But the biggest drawback here is their use of electric karts and the price.  The electric karts mean sessions are 12 laps instead of the 10-15 minutes more common with other facilities.  And the price for what comes out as about a 5 and a half minute session is a little more than you'd expect to pay for the 15 minutes elsewhere.  And as they often mix in junior races every other session, it's even harder to get much consistency going.I really want to like this place because it does have good plusses, and is easy to get to from the Strip... but ultinately the negitives are likely to keep me away on future visits (though may be lured back again if the offered specials make the price attractive enough; would still prefer longer runs at the current pricing though).
3	Been to two pole position locations in LA and they all are setup the same way. Prices here are $5 more but with the yelp coupon it comes out the same. The major issue I have with them is the lack of policing they do with watching the racers go at it with bumping, cutting, spinning, and reckless driving. The video instruction you could barely here while the race is going on. But despite that it's a fun clean way of taking your passion for speed on a track.....
3	These cars move incredibly fast, but the prices to ride are very expensive. $5 for a 1 week license$25 a raceIf you have to pay for anyone other than yourself, those numbers start to add up quick and god forbid that you want to have two races with the family. One lady smacked into a wall within the first 2 minutes of the race and was taken out due to it. The rest of her day included, feeling like crap, head tucked down at table, embarrassed as hell, and $30 poorer.
5	Very fun! The acceleration is great! Great to go with bunch of friends! The only caveat is that it's a bit pricey and the race is a bit too short!But you must go there! Seriously, it's a great racing experience!
2	The concept behind this place is good, though the execution leaves a lot to be desired. Not to mention it is a breeding ground for gangsters. I came along to this place because my brother was having his bachelor party there, and I had never been. In the end, it's an average affair. Nothing more, nothing less. The Karts themselves are fun to race, no questions asked. However, the price is a bit up there. $30 for a single race is a bit steep, plus you are required to wear a full-head helmet. Again, I know this is for safety reasons, and I can respect that. But this greatly reduced visibility around my head due to the helmet made it impossible to see people trying to pass me. I got bumped several times as a result of not being able to see those coming around me. Another problem is that the place uses electric karts, and EVERYTHING comes screeching to a halt if one little thing goes wrong somewhere else on the track. Additionally, for what I paid, the staff could have been nicer. These people weren't bad, by any means, but for the price I paid they could have at least tried to cater to the customers a little more. They seemed more interesting in barking out orders than taking the time to help us out (for instance, I had trouble getting my belt on in the cart.) But the big problem that this place has, and the one that knocks it down from 3 stars to 2, is that it is a breeding ground for gangs. Whenever I go into a go-karting facility/family fun center/etc., the first thing I do is scout around the place, and see what arcade games/amusement machines/etc. are available. I went upstairs to the pool table area and came back down. Moments later, a group of Hispanic gangster types came and accused me of stealing their digital camera. You have got to be kidding me.How they can leave that entire upper floor area unsupervised is beyond me. This place needs to have security guards or something. I felt threatened by this whole incident and will NEVER return to the facility. Period. If not for the gang fiasco, I'd give this place an even 3-star (average level) score. But if I don't feel safe in a place, I can't recommend it. So if you're going to go into this place, go in a large group, and be sure you're carrying a weapon.
4	Wow they are fast indoor scarts  45mph, electric and quiet. A bit pricey but hey everything is in Vegas... it was a good scene!
4	Pretty much in the middle of nowhere, Pole Position Raceway was a place I wanted to try out.  Close to the Palm, Pole Position was small, but still had plenty of turns to try power slides and to go 40mph unrestrained.  12 laps seemed to go by rather quickly but was still fun overall.  The fact that it was indoor was also nice since my group decided to go to Vegas during the hottest time of the year.  Thank god for AC.
3	Of course my son loved this place.Very clean, and lots to look @ while no races going on.  Way to expensive.  Two races for son, $50.  Wouldn't have gone here @ all, except that my son really wanted to do this.  I would rather spend the money on something else.
4	Lots of fun. Great staff. Fun atmosphere.Only drawback - prepare to blow all your money. $30 for each race per person. each race lasts 5 minutes. You'll easily spend several hundred dollars in this place within an hour.But it's a great time to say the least.
5	This place is just about worth the $30. For your very first time, you enter a username that you'll use every time after. You can input any driver name you want, so don't put something boring like ... your name. You can name yourself anything. I've seen "Beatbyagirl" and "The Stig." Nice. Before you hit the track, they make you watch a safety/ instructional video. It's very brief, don't worry. And then ...Seven minutes of fury. The carts go pretty fast. I've heard they peak at 45 mph, but depending on the configuration of the track (they do change it up), you may or may not be able to hit 45. The speed of the carts is also governed by remote control just in case some one wipes out and the employees need to slow or stop the race. I really liked the printout they give you after your race. You're ranked against the other drivers in your race and against every other driver that's raced at any Pole Position location. After you've registered, every time you race, it keeps a tally of your score for every visit. It makes you want to keep trying to raise your overall score and improve your heat.Sign up for their email notifications -- they are not in excess and being that the price of a regular is a little high, it helps to stay up to date on the specials. There are some people that go to PP that are no joke. They look down on people just wanting to have fun.  They are on a mission. And I get that.
3	Overall: 3Kind of expensive for what you got, but the karts are fun.Pros:-exciting and fun-good for groups-electric karts so you dont smell like gas/exhaust-print out of race resultsCons:-expensive-don't get additional laps if they have to slow down the race to fix the course or if someone spun out-wait can be slow but at least you can watch other people race-if you pay for multiple races, no guarantee they will be back to back (we had to wait 45+ minutes from our first race to our second)Overall a fun activity but there are probably better ways to spend your money in Vegas.
5	S---t load of fun!! Just remember to not drink too much the night before.
4	Well run company offering a great product.The races are perfect: 12 laps at ~6 min is about how long you want to be racing.  Much more and you probably won't want to do another heat, much less and you're barely comfortable on the track.  Our group did three heats, two time-trials and one position race.  Obviously the race was the best, but they used time trial data to get us in a good starting position.  And boy do they collect data, each race ended with a printout showing our lap-by-lap time and placement and overall rankings.  The scientists and engineers in the groups loved it!I noticed other reviewers complained about price, rules and time spent waiting.  First off, $30 is not expensive for a race unless you want to make this a daily thing.  Throw in the free shuttle service and I really think it's a great deal.  Second, yeah, if you hit the barriers hard or spin out you will be tossed.  We had a couple guys ding a side and have to reverse out but it was no big deal and they stayed in; but some guy who went so hard he actually went under the wall ruined an entire race for people.  The karts aren't hard to control, so if you're doing that you shouldn't be on the course.  Finally, we didn't spend more than a one or two races waiting between our races and that was enough time to recover, rehash the race and compare data.All in all a great way to break up time on the Strip!
4	Went there for a Bachelor Party - had a blast!!  A bit expensive for the short race (about $2.00 per lap) $55 for two races of 12 laps....  but these things all a$$ and your forearms will be pumped when done.  They scott.I would recommend and visit again.  Be ready to spend some of your drink or gambling money though.
1	Absolutely horrible!  We were lied to by all the staff. The cashier treated us poorly and called u liars, and the wait which we were told would only be 1hr quickly went to 3 hours and when we check on our status a fourth time we were told it would still be another hour.  The staff are rude, and treat everyone as if they are stupid and below them.  We would never recumbent this place to anyone!!!
2	Im a huge go-karter, having visited ever facility in SoCal and Las Vegas and dont mind the electrics too much.  As far as the facility and karts, it was good.  Great track layout and karts seemed alright as well.Where I am upset is my friends and I were there for my friend's bachelor party.  We had to wait longer than quoted, and then in the very first race, a friend's younger brother hits a barrier (its his first time EVER in a go kart) so they kick him out entirely.  NO refund.Let me be clear.  Indoor, electric, hot lapping is the furthest thing from real racing.  I actually hate when they say our race is coming up since we are basically just qualifying at best.  Our bachelor and I were dicing it up pretty good, being similarly paced, and they BLUE FAG him!!!  Such morons working there, its incredible.  The second star is purely for track config.
5	This was my first time doing in-door go karting and I'm definitely going to do this again.  Went there on a Saturday night around 8pm - staff was friendly, raced right away, and the karts were surprisingly quick.  SUPER FUN!
3	I have to chime in on the cost factor and the amount of laps. $30 is steep to pay when you consider that your not burning fuel, they cut you short of the full 11 laps promised if someone bumps a wall and they stop the race.  I think I managed 5 or 6 laps at best before they ended the race.Now if it had been $30 and you can race for a few hours then it wouldnt be a bad deal. Cost to fun ratio not so good as these are tough economic times and there are other tracks in town where you get more bang for the buck.Yes the Karts are fast, and just about the time your getting in sync with the car and track conditions and braking and turning points its over.
4	Second time coming to this place. Very well kept and clean. Staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Karts are quick and the course is pretty well designed. They also give you a print-out of your race, including lap times and your ranking throughout the race. nice touch.Only downside is that is somewhat pricey and the races are over pretty quickly.
5	THE friendliest staff at both locations in the Las Vegas area.  I always find time to go to Pole Position when I'm in Las Vegas.Wish it wasn't soo busy all the time, but that just means they are doing something right.My favorite races are the team endurance races.  I travel to Pole Position just to do the Memorial Day 500 lap race every year.
5	I went with a group on my last trip to Vegas and it really was one of the highlights of the trip. It is a blast! They time your races so it can get pretty competitive. I think some of the guys thought they were in NASCAR for a second. Good adrenaline rush activity.
2	The racing was fun but it's so grossly overpriced. For me and another person to do 1 race which is 12 laps was $63!!  The only way I will go up there again is if I had a coupon for a huge percentage off. When I went there they were really dead and this was on a sat afternoon. I would suggest to management that they charge more like $10 a race or just give a special price for locals. I wouldn't be surprised if this place went under because of their pricing model.
2	The facilities are very nice. For someone not into competitive karting or introducing others into karting this may be a good place. You'll want something better if you know how to drive and expect a competitive environment.The track layout is pretty good but exceptionally narrow. It makes it difficult to pass, except for when the attendant blue flags.There isn't a lot of really fantastic karting in this area, but I can't imagine wanting to return here. It's a bit on the expensive side and provides such a sterile and predictable experience that it isn't really any fun.Additionally, the timing loop obviously has some problems. They claim the track is .25 miles, but the best time of the week were around 15 *seconds*. So, people are averaging around 60 miles per hour? Not likely. Small nit, but I try to post times on the board and that's just another annoyance.There is another karting place near by that I've been to probably 10 times and will continue to be my standard place to go (not naming it in the interest of fairness).Bottom line: If you value cleanliness, modern registration and a sterile experience this is the place to go. If you want to put in hot laps at a place that allows good competition, head elsewhere.2 very opinionated stars because it simply isn't for me, but others may really like it.
4	Place is great for older kids, and of course men of all ages. It is super clean and well maintained. The arcade area is neat and the racing was fun. I enjoyed my race but personally I would prefer to watch, the more experienced drivers were intimidating.
1	I had an extremely unpleasant experience at my recent visit to Pole Poistion raceway. My boyfriend and I have been looking forward to our trip to Las Vegas for a long time, Pole Position being one of our top priorities.Unfortunately the faculty were less than friendly, especially the boys running the track area. There were 4 people ejected from my race for accidentally running into barriers. These cars are extremely powerful and fast, and for someone who has never driven one before, it is easy to get out of control. Being a beginner myself, I was the first person to crash, and was threatened to be ejected, and spoken to like I was a dumb child who had never driven a car before. This was demoralizing, not to mention, embarrassing, being that these boys yelling at me we're younger than myself.After my crash, I could hear the boys running the track area saying that their groups of racers were 'stupid' today. Listen boys, if you don't like your job, get a new one. I felt it would have helped to do a slow practice run around the track before each race, being that there are several accident prone areas that come up quickly to someone like me who has never raced the track before.My disappointment in Pole Position has caused me to recommend  NOT going there, and I, myself, my boyfriend, and our friend who went with us will not return either.
4	Had a great time racing, all had fun! 2 teens and 2 adults. Had a terrific time. Free shuttle pick up. ;-)
3	Registering was fun and easy with those ipads.The instruction video was short and simple.You really feel like you're racing here because all of the rules, but it takes away 60% of the fun. You're worrying about hitting something or someone. There's never really much competition since they stagger racers out the gate.There was a worker there who raced with us and she lapped us like 2 times. Not cool cause we felt like our carts must've had some type of speed hindering-block during the race.The arcades didn't seem fun either. You need to buy a card and put tokens on it? Just lemme put in a dolla!!
4	Fun ! Safe !Check for groupons !
5	Whether you out here on vacation or a local, this is a good break from the casinos, buffets, clubs, and everything else that Vegas has to offer. People complain about the price. Yes, if you're a father of 5 paying for everyone. Or if you're the best man paying for all the groomsmen. It can get expensive. This is not Chuck e Cheese. This is not your local Family Fun Center. This is go karts on steroids.  Been here 4 times in the last year (should have bought the year price). Each time I had the track with just me and my friend for that night. Sucks that I've never won. But at least I've come in second each time.  Brought my 13 year old daughter her last month. She chickened out and will wait until her cousins are here to race with her.  Was really looking forward to racing my little girl.  Sad because I wanted to at least win one of my races. Sorry honey, just being honest.Pros:Price: it's worth it. About $30Celebrities here every once in awhileClose to the strip, for all you weekend warriorsStaff is good CleanCool. I mean the place is cold. Beats the heat any dayCons:No bumpingNo reckless driving No driving backwardsNo jumpsNo cheerleaders with pom poms cheering you onNo loopsOkay...the cons aren't real cons. I get in those fast and the furious modes.If you're looking for something different to do in Vegas, this is your place. If you are in the need for speed, this is your place.
2	We took our boy there because my wife had an Entertainment Book Coupon.  So we get there and the inside is nice but it smell kind of funny.  The coupon was for buy one race get the second one free, but the girl behind the counter says its for buy two races get the third one free.  So after a little argument my wife gives in and buys the races.  After a little thought she goes back to speak to a manager and she gets some guy behind the counter and he says that it actually was buy one get one free.  But he cannot refund my wife for a race because my son was already on his third race, so instead he gives us a voucher for a free race, which i thought was pretty good but would rather have the money.  There were two other girls behind the counter who were bad at customer service, plus my wife her them talking about her in the back office and one of the girls was the owners daughter.  As for the track and carts they were alright but the staff can regulate the speed because the carts are electric.  What they fail tpo mention is that the price is higher because they add five dollars to the price because you have to get this temporary license thing.  We wont be going back to this place but will go to the summerlin location to redeem the free race voucher.
4	I loved this place. It's an indoor track with carts that they said can get up to 45mph. Some of the corners are tight and it was tough not to brush up against them. The race prior to ours saw several accidents and pile ups. The worst one was when one racer ended up under the wall and 3 others crashed into him/her. Other reviews said that if you hit the wall or other cars you would be thrown out. That wasn't the case the night we were there. They had to stop the race before ours at least 3 times because carts were hitting each other and slamming into the walls, but no one was thrown out. Our race wasn't stopped at all, but several people did make contact with other carts. Each race is made up of 12 drivers max. So, you'll be racing against strangers unless you bring a large group with you. One race (12 laps around the track) is $30. If you think you'll visit this place often, you might as well get their annual membership for $55. Your first race after purchasing the membership if free and every race after that is $20. Kids are welcome but you have to be at least 15 to drive the carts. I'm not sure how busy this place gets on other nights, but on the Sunday that we went there weren't many people. Our wait time was about 15 minutes. This place is located right next to the Palms and Palms Place.TIP: after your race take time to chill and relax. You don't want to hit the roads with the same aggression you had driving the carts around.
4	I never imagined my 400th review would be about go-kart racing, but this isn't just any go-kart racking facility.  I'd like to think this is where big kids (aka, adults) go to relive their go-kart racing dreams from their glory days of junior high school.  Carts are fast and helmets are required.  This isn't Nascar, so no drinking is allowed on or off the track so leave the cans of Budweiser back in the RV.And we weren't just any group either.  We were hosting a Mario Kart Racing bachelor party (see pic).  That's right, it was pretty sweet to see the names of Mario Kart Racing legends like Mario, Princess Peach, and Wario light up the leader boards on the screens at Pole Position.  Unfortunately, banana peels, turtle shells, and lightning bolts in addition to bumping are strictly prohibited on the race course.Our only beef was the wait.  We waited for over an hour before we started racing and a 2 hour visit turned into a 3 hour stay.  We didn't mind too much, but if you've got a schedule to keep or you're coming in on a weekend build that into your itinerary.
5	The best experience I've had on a cart. The staff is awesome and the cars are fast. Up to 45 MPH.
1	I was visiting Vegas with some friends when I checked this place out. I've been to quite a few go karting places and this was one of the worst. The track is too small for 12-13 karts at the same time. Also, the race managers are not consistent about who they stop for crashing into other karts or the walls...it seems that "regulars" get the preference. Give this place a miss.
4	Excellent bachelor party getaway from the casinos. Easy to get to and the staff are accommodating of big groups. The individual races can add, up so your best bet will be to do a multi-race package
3	Came here for a bachelor party weekend.  Go karting is clean, sober way to keep busy during the day, especially if you're in Vegas when it's too cold to sit out at the pools all day.  You do need most of your faculties on this one, so don't come in hungover, like some of our guys did.A group package (~$65 each) gives you two races; a time trial that sets your position, and a straight up race.  They let you borrow a head sock so you don't sweat up the reused helmets.  They let you watch a short safety video, but you're soon jumping into the seat of your own car.  There isn't too much tutorial so you're pretty much learning on the fly, even if it's your first time in a go kart.  They give you a few laps to roll at cruising speed before turning on your karts power.  I won't go into driving tips but be mindful of the workers with the flags.  If you see a blue/yellow flag, move over so that faster karts can pass you, this way you'll avoid getting slammed into on the numerous hairpin turns.One of our guys was too aggressive in his bumping (not allowed!) and crashed under the plastic barriers, 'causing them to stop the race.  He was warned, but not disqualified.  He ended up with some deep scratches along his arm and hands where the barrier scraped him, so needless to say, it's not something you should be doing.Lastly, the crew are pretty friendly, and if you check in on Facebook, you can get a free can of Monster energy drink!
5	My sons were invited to a birthday party here and they loved it! To me, it was well managed and orderly. The speed on the kids carts seem to be controlled by the attendants, which I guess, as a parent, is good...but for the driver with the need for speed, not so good.The party package offered two races, pizza and drinks and most likely a few game tokens. You're allowed to bring in a fruit or veggie platter and of course, cake.
5	Okay so I will let you know up front that I'm an old guy at over 50 and I will tell you that this is the most fun a person can have for their buck!  Especially  in Vegas.  The staff was friendly and courteous and had us watch a quick video outlining the workings of the carts and safety rules.  You get a lap or so to get used to the kart at a slower pace and then they turn the speed on full blast.  Then, hold on to your hats because going 45mph on a small kart feels more like 100mph this close to the ground!  I saw a group before us enjoy the race with their kids.  Where else can one go and have this kind of fun with your kids?  Not many places.  Like I said before, for what you pay for a meal in this town you get a full course of absolute fun and thrills.  Don't forget to check in on Facebook and redeem your free Monster drink!
2	I went there for one of my friends' bachelor party and go-kart was good but the staff were kinda rude I thought.   I wasn't wearing a seat belt correctly initially and the way they tell you to do stuff are just plain rude.   Excuse me but not all of us are pro go-kart racers and Vegas is a tourist place so they better start some employee training soon before they lose customers.
2	Meh. I was really excited to finally come here but was pretty disappointed.When we were almost there, I had the brilliant idea to look for coupons, as I've heard this place was pretty pricey. But we didn't want to backtrack.We got there and it was $30 per person for one race (12 laps around the track). We asked if there was a local's discount and the lady said "No, but there are some coupons floating around out there..." Meanwhile, there's a bunch of receipts next to her with 50% off coupons. Thanks. So we decided to try it out since we were already there. There was a party that filled up the next three races, so we had to wait about 40 minutes. In the meantime, we decided to play their arcade games.What  a JOKE. In order to play them, you insert money in a machine. It costs $1 to even put money on your "game card." We put in $10. Then we realized that each game cost really weird amounts like $1.27, $1.78. Why you ask? So we put more money on our cards and never really get to use the full amount. In other words, so you waste your money.The race was fun, but the track was too narrow. Impossible to pass, or be passed, without bumping into anything. Which is highly prohibited. To sum it all up, two words: OVER PRICED.  Will not return, unless it costs me $12, like I saw on all the other receipts. **TIP** If you check in on Facebook you get a free Monster.
4	Go-Karting -- except with super fast electric go-karts so you don't lose your hearing.I've heard a lot about Pole Position, and I was super excited to finally go. And compared to somewhere like LV Mini Grand Prix, I must say that this place feels so much cleaner (and safer).Pricing is what you'd expect for something close to the strip -- $60ish for Three Races and a Free shirt. Where this place shines though, is how fun the actual racing is and the competitive aspect they add to it. Seeing how I was with three friends, it was a constant battle between who would end up in first place.The only real problem I had was if you're racing with a bunch of idiots who can't manage to slow down during a turn, you're gonna end up with a lot of wasted laps as the crew pause the race while resetting track. That said, they are pretty lenient about screw ups and I personally didn't see anyone get kicked out for derping too hard.Normally I'd say the price would prevent most people from going, but if you bring friends the competitive drive will quickly take over and make things super fun.Pro-Tip: Listen to the video. As fun as drifting is, it only makes you lose time D:
4	I see yellow, black, white and red, them bold colors got me right away.  Such a fun place for kids young and not so young. This is a nice alternative if the kids aren't into the fun factory and winning the stuffed animal anymore as they get older.  Some kids were very aggressive with their carts  bumping and passing other kids, hey, it's a cut throat world here too.  After a few bumpy laps and getting pushed aside, (being in the slow lane wasn't safe from slamming), my kids and a few others started to lag behind, they were too polite and were afraid to crash to other carts, so I didn't expect their names popping up on the display board first.  Well, at least they had some fun, they might even learned a thing or two.The adult run was not without hiccups, after some kerfuffles, the race was finally going down.  White knuckled race for some, so intense!  Hahaha.
3	Had a great time hosting a bachelor party activity here.  Private races that included practice round, qualifying round, and final round cost about $75 a head which included all rentals.  The cars are fast, meticulously well maintained, and handle well.  The only gripe I had was that they were electric instead of gas.  Sign in was a breeze and we were racing within minutes of our reservation time.  I didn't like that the rules were regulated a bit too strictly for us to have much fun.  They are really against aggressive driving (even without collisions).  I understand the concern for safety, but I feel that it detracted a bit too much from the competitive aspect when someone is always yelling at you to slow down even when you're not putting others at immediate risk.
3	I did this a while back and forgot to review.  We were all looking for something fun and different and figured, who doesn't like Go-Karts and fast driving?  When we got there we had to sign up and register on ipads (I thought this was annoying... it took forever to type all my info in and why should my address, phone number, etc. be required anyway? I just want to get out on the course and drive!)I think this place was a total rip off, I won't lie.  We were initially going to do 3 races and, although I had a lot of fun on the first race, I'm glad we just went once.  It wouldn't have been worth the $60 pp if you ask me.  I think the whole racket is more of a really good tourist trap and a one time deal.  If you do wind up loving it they have a monthly membership ($55, I think) that gives you discounts on your races.  Again, (cough) RIP OFF. We all requested to be in the same team.  Didn't have to wait long for our race.  We were shown a short instructional video, got our helmets and off we went.  Now this is FUN.  If you're like me you like speed but are a little apprehensive at first, and are the granny off to the right lol But eventually I picked it up and enjoyed flying through the course and hugging the curves.  If you're here for a real competition just know there's bound to be at least one ass who bashes you into the wall or forces you into a collision more than once and the whole thing will just slow you down (unless you are that ass. In which case, no offense).  For me I just enjoyed the ride and I liked being behind on the course :)  It allowed me to take a leisurely but fast drive lol A fun thing to do once with friends but probably wouldn't do it again.
3	Pole Position is fun. I mean who doesn't like go karting? The facility is big with a huge track. So you don't get bored, they actually change the course every few weeks as well.  It is fun and pretty safe since they suit you up and give you a legit helmet to wear while racing. My reason for giving Pole Position 3 stars would be the price. When we went it was $25 a race. I thought that was high for one race with about 10 laps. I have seen Pole Position on Groupon, but the rates were still on the high side for me. It is fun to ride these fast karts and we will probably go every now and then,  but not often unless the price goes down a bit or a good Groupon comes along.
4	Friendly staff and good service. This is our 4th birthday party for kids here and they consistently do a good job. I wish that they had more pinball machines and better food choices. It is expensive, but the cars are very fast and the kids have a blast. The party room we were in could use some carpet cleaning. Over all a great time.
1	Purchased a groupon coupon  and was treated as a bother rather than being helpful! I would not recommend this place!!!!!
1	This place would be awesome if it would regulate guest who do not follow rules. At the beginning they give you instructions. Problem is especially for those who abuse the pull to the side passing rule are not removed. This company prosecutes customers who are their to have fun and race hard. They allow those who refuse to abide by the racing rules to continue because they want their money. Find another place to race because if you have any interest in having fun expect the employees to ignore those who refuse to abide by the rules that make this place fun.
4	Want a break from the blackjack tables or pools? Head over to Pole Position Raceway Kart racing track. These racing go-karts are awesome. They are pretty quick and tons of fun. They supply all the safety gear and all of your lap times are posted on a screen and you get a printout after you are done showing how you stacked up against your friends and the others who have raced there that month. It is a little on the pricey side but this is Vegas and what worth doing is not expensive? My friends and I are actually going to rent out  the entire track for ourselves for an hour or two next time, with a big enough group it actually saves you money and you will get more track time. My only slight complaint is that all the cars are not equally matched performance wise. One time I had a super fast kart and the next race I got lapped by everyone, a more level playing field would make for more fun, especially with my group of ultra competitive friends.
3	I personally probably wouldn't go driving here again. Would I go back to watch my bf? Sure. My bf would probably give this place 5 stars. It just wasn't for me. I guess I'm too girly girl for this. I'd rather go shopping. What really made me dislike this was that dang helmet. I felt so claustrophobic with it on. I got anxious and my heart was racing before and during the drive. Of course it didn't help that I was the only girl racing. It was just me and the bf and these random guys.Those guys were super competitive and were just flying down the track. I did not belong.Can I race with the kids??
4	Want to do something off the strip? Check out Pole Position!! Haven't had this much fun in awhile. These go carts allow adults to act like kids but still able to compete for fun! Def the next spot I will take a girl on a date! :)
5	Great cars, great races. My husband and son love this place. It's worth visiting every trip.
5	Yes! I didn't come in last place!Yeah, so I was 9th out of 10 (10 who drives like an egg... I remind him daily). Fun, fun stuff! And, ya'll can go drown in your sorrows after losing, with a nice cold beer... or four.Should have bought the 2 or 3 races w/t-shirt. I can get pretty competitive, and I wanted to try one more time after getting the hang of putting some muscle into my steering... and, letting people cut me off - NOT next time.... Meep, meep! Road Runner is gonna getcha next time.Okay, okay, you CAN get yanked off the race track if you deliberately crash into other carts and walls, but a little bump won't hurt. In fact, it may get your ass in gear and bring out your inner Danica Patrick. My advice: -Get outta of the gambling/drinking/stripper rut, and have some fun burning rubber. -Go in the day, before partaking in libations.-Buy more than one race.-Size up your competition, then gently bump them if they get in your way on the track.-Make sure you have a catchy racer name, because you'll wanna hear, "Streakin' Rican - 1st place", rather than "Drives Like an Egg, dead last and 40 seconds behind"!Meep meep!
4	A fun time without going to the casinos!We went to Pole Position as part of a team building meeting.  It was a blast!  The first lap, I felt a little claustrophobic but, that quickly subsided as I began passing guys that I work with.  I'm proud to say, I came in third place!! Great place to go for an adrenaline rush.  I would absolutely go back.
1	Extremely pricey!  One kid ride is $27 and only lasts 10 minutes!  They do not do refunds and customers do not come first!  Would never come back!
5	Always have a great time when I come in for a race.  Awesome that it's close to the strip.
3	We went to Pole Position as part of a team building event with work.  It was pretty fun! Definitely a great place to bring out the competitive attitude in everyone!
