2	We had a keypad entry installed 9.5 months ago. For the first 8 months it was great, but has been problematic as of late.  The installer told us there was a year warranty on the installation, which we trusted. Our encasing and handle have loosened to the point we are worried about security, and when we called to get them to come out and fix it - we were told there was only a 30 day warranty on installation and if a few screws need to be tightened in the inside of the mechanism to get out a screw driver and do it ourselves. (Assuming that would be the solution.) Not sure which is worse: the installer lying about the warranty or the poor customer service response to the situation.  Hire at your own risk.
1	Agree with Tracy - hire at your own risk.  We hired them to install new smoke detectors in our rental condo, but they didn't even know what the code was.  Luckily my wife caught it before they installed the wrong detectors.  Then they wanted to charge us for all the time they wasted getting the right detectors.  Don't know which was worse, the incompetence or arrogance of the person (Chris Edwards) we dealt with there.  Beware!
5	My house is configured as a 2-flat, with a unit downstairs and a unit upstairs. Over the years, a number of people have apparently changed various locks on the house. Case in point: my "master" key ring consisted of 7 unique keys, all of which were needed to navigate my way through the various doorways. I decided to rekey the entire house, so that there would only be 3 keys needed: main front/rear doors on one key. My unit on another key, my renter on her own key.After consulting with several general contractor/handyman friends, it sounded like J&K was the way to go. I removed all of the lock assemblies, labeled them, and brought them in to J&K.Wrinkle number two: some of the locks were Schlage, some were Kwikset, and one was a mystery (to me). J&K wasn't phased. We reconfigured/arranged the locks so that the main entry doors had the same brand (so they could be keyed the same), so that unit 1 had the same brand, and so that my unit had the same brand. Once that was done, they re-keyed accordingly. I had to buy one Schlage deadbolt to resolve the mystery lock, but that wasn't a big deal. With 10 keys (I wanted spares), a new deadbolt, and re-keying 7 existing locks, the bill came to just over $100. They had me in and out of the shop in about 30-minutes as well.The gentleman who helped me was friendly, knowledgeable, efficient, and professional. I had a great experience and am happy to have a keyring that weighs half as much as it previously did.
