5	I stumbled upon this up and coming food truck with a twist on everything Cheese. If you get a chance to try them. Order the daddy's on a roll, The Hangover, and The Me so Cheesy! Really, really great food at a great price. I found my new favorite Vegas food truck!!
5	This place is delicious! I experienced their awesome Capreasy sand which and Vegas strips. My friend got the Mac and cheese egg rolls and the sauce that came with them was something I had never tasted before and it was so good I'll definitely be back.
5	Fun theme with a take on everything cheese. I had the grilled cheese with tomatoes and homemade bacon jam and my wife had plain grilled cheese, both filled with gooey goodness. Already stuffed to bursting but the owner insisted I try the mac -n-cheese egg rolls with a kimchee dip. Glad I did, turned out to be my fave. Lots of other types of cheese to serve, give them a try when you find them.
4	Anything cheese!If your a cheese anything lover, this truck will be your new heaven on wheels.!Parked out at Bad Beat Brewing in Henderson, and grabbing few beers some heavy food can be required. Ordering the Loaded Fries and the Mac & Cheese Egg rolls we sat down with curiosity as how this will go down.The loaded fries are pretty good with a few surprises but the Mac & Cheese egg rolls were amazing! The sauce that came with them which I think is a home made recipe was a great complement.Although I didn't get to sample the menu, everyone who I spoke to love the different items they got and some when back for seconds. Very easy to see why this truck is booked out for the next few months.Your also able to book this business for parties and special events, but book ahead they are slammed.OverallFood: 4-5Service: 4-5Cleanliness: 3-5Coming back: Yes
5	Friendly and helpful service.  The owner helps you make decisions out in front of the truck.Everything on the menu was reasonably priced and looked amazing! (If you love cheese of course)The wife and I tried the Daddy's on a Roll which was deep-fried Mac and Cheese goodness!Cheese fans come and try this truck you won't be disappointed!
