1	Seoul Soul went through a major change in the past couple of years.  Whereas before they had a nice restaurant and served Korean and Japanese food with  fairly decent sushi, now the food is strictly Korean and the decor has been destroyed.  My food came to me on a cafeteria tray, and it was not tasty (worst Bi Bim Bap of my life). What happened to Seoul Soul?  Avoid this place.
3	I only get 2 things on the menu: Pork Bone Soup and Gal-Bi Ribs. Especially Pork Bone Soup. Those 2 tastes pretty good. Potato side is pretty good too.Other stuff are...meh. They seem to play the same music and video every time I come here. That same 45 minute loop.
2	If you find yourself craving Korean food and don't want to go far, Seoul Soul does the trick. The lunch specials are of decent quality, quantity and pricing. The complimentary banchan (appetizers) are done right. Aside from that, the usual offerings are pretty lackluster and you can do better elsewhere.
4	Lunch special is pretty delicious. The potatoes are the best. Go here for lunch.
4	I can't really speak for much of their menu, but I get their Kimchi Jigae or Gamjatang on a fairly regular basis, and they're fantastic! Very friendly service as well - I really like the new owners.Only downside: their debit machine is often out of service, so your safest bet is to bring cash (there's also an ATM there, but you'll get dinged with a $1.50 fee if you go that route).
3	A few years ago, this place had a competitor which has closed down probably because Seoul Soul had better pork bone soup (and those potatoes!) I did hear that the other place had better Korean food in general, but honestly -- most students only know like three Korean dishes, and I think pork bone soup is way up there. Therefore, I have to say that I will only come here for the pork bone soup and those potatoes they serve as appetizers. I'm sorry if anyone else had a bad experience because they chose other dishes. I'm also sorry if people are getting tired of hearing that same Korean pop song playlist looping again and again (but to be fair, I did hear them play a new playlist of Korean pop oldie songs once!). Pork bone soup has almost never disappointed me. On the other hand, I've seen friends try other things and usually are extremely disappointed by the taste or portions. Now that you know that pork bone soup is possibly the only thing people might like, it is your fault if you get something else and you don't like it.
2	My friends and I came here at night and they graciously let us eat here even when they were near closing time. I ordered the bibimbap and my friends got the pork bone soup. We waited 15 minutes just to get the appetizers even though we were the only ones in the restaurant. The bibimbap was a little bit below my standards, and my friends said that all the bones in their pork bone soup were shattered. The potatoes are always really good though. Would've been a 3/5 if there wasn't a bunch of houseflies swarming our food; that really ruined my appetite.
2	Food's decent enough for a restaurant that mainly serves students. Because of such, their selection is limited to the most common Korean dishes like pork bone soup or bibimbap - the quality of which is just tolerable. They offer lunch discounts from 12-3 on some of their most popular dishes.For the most part I'd stick to the pork bone soup, tonkatsu and bulgogi. Their other dishes were very bland. If you want Korean food close to campus (uWaterloo), this is probably the best you're gonna get. (I do however really like their sweet potatoes :3)
