5	I discovered Cactus Feeds, when I decided to go green, by raising my own chickens for eggs.  I walked in not knowing anything about types of chickens.  A nice plain-talking, truck-drivin' farmer type behind the counter told me about all about the types of chickens and how they do in the Arizona climate.  If I wanted blue green or brown eggs?  He warned me that most popular type of chicken in Arizona can't even live through the summer..... and lot of great advice.     In the course of about 5 minutes, I had been schooled on chickens and felt relatively informed, about what I should be buying.  I am headed back today pick up my first 6 chickens.  I waited until the Australian Desert breed chicken came in since they adapt best to an Arizona Environment.  Thanks Cactus feeds.
2	Has what I need usually, ok priced but the guy ALWAYS tries to sell me extra stuff I don't need or the more expensive stuff! And rude about it when you try to tell him nicely you want only what you came in for. You ask him for prices and he gets an attitude because he has to work. He is just plain rude!! if it weren't for location, I would go somewhere else
2	I bought my peepers (baby chickens) at Cactus Feeds and consequently several bags of feed.  Then I became aware that chicken feed is made with Round Up Ready Corn & Soy.  Feeding this to my chickens, from which I eat the eggs caused me concern.  So on my next trip into the Cactus Feeds, I inquired about organic chicken feed.  They guy behind the counter acted like I was going to kill my chickens because organic feed isn't laced with anti-biotics.  He discouraged me from abandoning my feeble chickens to their own immune systems.    I have since joined a co-op group that pools their chicken feed volume together to bring in USDA certified organic feed of many types into the Phoenix valley.  I called Cactus Feeds to see if they wanted to go in on an order with us.  The girl who answered the phone acted as a gatekeeper and treated me as some sort of solicitor.  As a result, I now pay less for a 50lb bag of USDA Certified Organic Chicken Feed, than I paid for standard conventional Round Up Ready Feed.If you don't care about organic feeds, then Cactus Feed will be just fine, because these guys are nice old fashioned gentlemen.  If you are that one percent of the consumer base that is interested in Organic.  Cactus Feed is probably NOT the store for you.
1	The people running this store are just plain rude.  For some reason they cannot be nice to anyone that comes into their store. We will never come back here to buy our feed ever again.
1	I have never been to a feed store with workers as rude as one here. A guy by the name of Jesse treats you like you're stupid, acts like everything you ask is an impossible task, and tries to sell you things you know you don't need. The woman there was extremely kind but who would know after putting up with Jesse. I will not be returning to the store until Jesse is gone.
2	I've visited Cactus Feeds multiple times, and each experience is different. They're very knowledgeable and helpful. Prices are a bit high, but they sell quality show goat feed in my opinion. However, the guy behind the counter can never help but to blatantly stare at my chest. Each time I wear modest clothing, nothing even close to being exposed. I was just 16 at the time of raising my goat and going to Cactus Feeds, creep. Just coming to get goat feed, not be looked up and down like a piece of meat. He doesn't even try to hide it. It's not just me either, girls in my FFA Chapter have talked about the same creepy guy and will stay away from Cactus Feeds just because of him. Disgusting.Good feed, good service, FFA discount, but please tell your wife/daughters to stay in the truck for their own sake.
1	I really wanted to like this store because it's local and close to work. However I won't be back. I purchased an item that I realized after bring home was not what I needed. I returned the next day and was treated like I did something wrong.A couple weeks later I stopped in again to ask about special orders on large bags of small pet food from purina. I was told that it has to ordered and would take a couple of weeks and I would be called. Well surprise it's been three months and the food was never order nor was I ever called. I will continue to mail order my products
1	The guy who answered the phone was incredibly rude. I called about getting a bale of hay for my friends & I to practice some archery with. I didn't call to get a lecture or have some condescending 18yr up sell me $20/bale hay. So I drove the extra miles & found myself at a redneck's paradise, "Shoppers". I found a new trigger for my bow there, bought $6 straw bales & found my new favorite store. So to cactus supply: please just close your doors now. Apparently you just can't handle dealing with anyone who knows what they're talking about.
1	Never again!!  My wife just bought some ulcer medication from Jesse at Cactus Feeds....wife gets to the barn only to discover that the product is EXPIRED!!  So, she calls Jesse to let him know and his response was "it's okay, they all say that" like she is a complete idiot!!  To make things even worse, she took the product right back and he told her he could not give her money back, he could only issue her store credit!!  REALLY?  You SELL EXPIRED product and then you won't give her money back??  She says she doesn't want store credit as she was not planning on shopping there any more.  Are more prodding, Jesse agreed to give her money back BUT he CHARGED a RESTOCKING FEE!!  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  At that point my wife agreed out of sheer frustration!!  WOW...have to say probably one of the worst business experiences we have ever had!!  Shoppers BEWARE!!
