5	Great service. Very smart and friendly staff. The manager and his team are the real deal.
3	I would give them 3 stars because they have very helpful staff and try to answer all your issues. The problem is that their supplies are not inexpensive and they often try to sell you stuff that surmounts to really just colored water, like water clarifier. Just try to buy the basics when you go there and don't buy into the hype of all the different chemicals they will try to sell you.
5	First, this store has moved to a nearby location, SW corner of 44th and Thomas near Starbucks.Service is excellent. The employees are very knowledgeable and really seem to care about your specific pool issues. I tend to trust their advice and follow it. I never feel like they pushed "snake oil" on me. One cool thing is that they keep a computer record of your pool and water information.The only drawback is that sometimes the wait can be long to get service. I think that's a byproduct of them providing good, personalized service to each customer so I'm not going to knock off a star for that. They might consider hiring an additional *well trained* employee during the busy summer months.There really aren't many other pool store options in Phoenix so they have a bit of a captive audience. They could just rest on that fact and provide poor service but they don't. I don't feel like I'm getting gouged by their prices either. I don't enjoy spending money on pool chemicals though. Again, I don't have a frame of reference since there aren't really any other major pool stores around.I've been using this location (the old one and the new one) for years. I'm satisfied and will continue to use them at this location.
2	I have wavered between 1 and 2 stars for this place.  The manager is very helpful and genuinely wants to see your pool clean.  I'll raise it a star for the solid manager.  I would give it 1 star if not for the good service.  I have owned my house and cleaned my pool for 3 years now.  It has its own share of issues, specially due to its age.  I just got a new pump put in and replaced the sand on my filter.  Everything is now in essentially brand new condition.  I have gone back and forth with them about every single issue I have had.  The last set of advice made my pool virtually unusable for a solid month this summer.  I was told to dump a bunch of crap into my pool to raise its PH.  Two weeks later I put even more chemicals in there to lower the PH, right after it was raised!  I was told every single time I went in that my chlorine levels weren't registering.  I would add more shock, more tabs and whatever product they were selling me.  It seemed to work fairly well for the first year and a half or so, then I would have to drain my pool like clockwork.  I would spend hundreds in chemicals that did nothing.  Then those chemicals I spent hundreds on would require me to drain my pool every couple years!!Mind you, these chemicals are not cheap.  In fact, Leslies prices are consistently 30 - 40% higher than the competition.  I purchased a vacuum head here for $40, only to find the same exact thing at Fry's next door for $25.  In short, I was paying hundreds of dollars for chemicals that were causing more harm than good.  My CYA levels were so sky high that they don't even register on the test. I turned to the internet to find answers to my problems.  I found http://www.troublefreepool.com/ to be a great resource.  I switched to liquid chlorine and stopped using tabs and granular shock.  After a 80% drain of my pool I am back to square one and a recovering pool.  It is quite frustrating to spend hundreds, possibly thousands, on advice that just doesn't work.  I bought my own water testing kit (Taylor Technologies K-2006) and do all my own tests.  My pool chemistry is now in balance.  Something I never had when going to Leslies.  I'm over you, Leslies.
