3	Stopped in tonight to try out the pit beef and the hush puppies.  This place is adjacent to the gas station at the elbow where Business 21 turns into 160.  The place was empty save for the gentleman in front of me ordering.The menu is fairly basic.  Pit beef/turkey/pork, quarter and whole chickens and ribs.  I can't recall all the sides, but nothing stood out.  Pop is the man behind the counter taking your orders and preparing your food.  This is all good and well, except this is not quite a one-man operation.  After Pop took my order (regular pit beef sandwich and a small side of hush puppies to go), he told the next customer he would be with them in a bit and proceeded to dress my sandwich, slice the beef, drop the puppies in the fryer, put my sandwich together and then pull out the puppies.  This is all good and well when there are one or two people in line, but if you have someone with a big order or you get three or four people in line, you should expect to wait.To the food.  It was good.  I was a little bummed that he put mayo on the sandwich (horseradish comes on it as well, but I had him hold that).  There was a good bit of beef on the regular sandwich which was nice (considering you're paying $5.95).  The onions added a nice flavor and you have your choice of additional sauces in the dining room area.  I'm sad to say that the puppies were frozen and were nothing special.Pop is a really nice guy and I'll come back to try the turkey.  Hopefully as business picks up, he'll be able to bring someone on to help him out a bit so he can rock out in the kitchen, while someone else waits on the customers.
4	I travel through Fort Mill on occassion and noticed this little place.  I stopped in to check it out and the folks behind the counter were very nice.  I let them know this was my first visit and they explained the $5.95 lunch special to me.  It consists of a pit sandwich with your choice of meat (beef, pork, turkey, etc) or a hotdog, a side, and a drink.  The photo I took is of the lunch special with a pit beef sandwich and fries.  I have the say the sandwhich was great!  It comes piled high with thinly sliced pit beef, fresh onion, horseradish, and mayo on a large bun.  Absolutely delicious!  The fresh fries arent to shabby either (cooked fresh while you wait).  I have been here twice to eat so far and there has always been two people working behind the counter.  Maybe they were just short handed when the other reviewer was there?!?!Try the pit beef sandwich and you will be glad you did!  Make sure you get it with the horseradish as it's the only way to go and it's the traditional way to eat a pit beef sandwich.  I havent tried the pork or turkey yet but really don't plan too since the beef is sooo good!It's a local busines and I'm glad to support them!PS - They have new hours which are 11-6 Mon-Fri, not sure about the weekend hours.
5	The lunch special is great! Love the pork bbq sandwich. The sauce that comes on it has a little kick, but just right! For the price it's one of the best deals you can find for lunch. The guys that run the place are top notch! Very friendly and customer service oriented. This is a place I look forward to my next visit!
4	closed - out of business!!!
