5	We have been in Montreal now for 3 days and this was the best food and service we have had!  I love this place!
5	The Rebel Brasserie Urbaine is part of the gay Skye entertainment comlex, but the restaurant clientele seemed to be mixed when I was there for lunch recently. For those with long memories, this place used to be called "Food." It's been completely redone and the menu has been upgraded, although I miss Food's sushi bar. The new room is sleek and modern. There's copious outdoor dining as well. For lunch I had a delicious salmon tartare, a filling burger de poulet et canard, and an excellent cup of coffee. As befitting a gay venue, the wait staff ranges from pretty to gorgeous. But, unlike their New York and Los Angeles counterparts, the boys are without snotty attitudes. My waiter Laurence was not only fetching, but attentive and courteous. Perfectly bilingual and a student at McGill, he was intelligent and friendly. Laurence added to the ambiance of the whole experience.
3	The menu was exceptionally extravagant - the server was nice how ever didn't speak any English and definitely didn't try - the appetizer was great, the shrimp, however it did come out cold - got the burger with bacon not bad, don't get it with spinach, it will wilt! Dessert - chocolate leave cake, great! Sat out side great - for a $100's including drinks I give it a B-
5	One of the best meals of my life.  The salmon was perfectly prepared.  One friend has the burger with homemade friend, and the other a French version  of a ham and cheese sandwich.  The pomme frites were the absolute best I've ever had!!!  You MUST eat here!!!
4	This meal was one if the best that I have had. I had the duck risotto which was not on the menu, but was the special of the night. I was NOT disappointed. The service was good and the menu had English notes for us non-French diners. I would also highly recommend the beef tart-tar! Fantastic!The only reason I removed a star is because after we paid our bill, the waitress let us know that the service was not included in the bill. We had already left her tip on the table, so it rubbed me wrong that the waitress felt she should ( and could?) ASK for a tip. A small thing at the end of a great meal but it left a sour taste in my mouth.
