3	They don't have bbq pork any longer.
4	I love the convenience of panda express and although we have not been happy at other panda expresses, everything we got here was delicious!
4	Panda Express in Maricopa is alot better than in Casa Grande. Love it!!!
2	With the exception we waited for about 10-15 minutes in the drive thru, and the employees being just short of mentally handicap....the food was really good, tasted fresh.  The employees don't seem to have a clue what is on their simple menu.  Asked for pot stickers, one of them had no clue.  Would have been quicker to go inside.
1	I ate there on 2/10/12 and got food poisoning,second time that I got poisoned at this establishment. I won't risk it again.
4	Free OC with every order after 9pm tonight only.
4	Have been a few times for lunch, and they were pretty busy. Had pretty fast service and the food was good.
1	Panda with no soup? What kind of Chinese rest is that? No bueno. Atleast some wonton soup. Asian lady said " we don't even have soup" that's crazy. Oh well
2	Woo whee this place is expensive. For pre-made cheap Chinese food under a hot lamp my wife and I spent nearly $25! The food is ok but the prices are outrageous.
2	Eck.  Came in at 12:30pm and they were out of the dish I wanted and those that they had were old. The rice was crunchy in my teeth cuz it was old. Employees were very helpful and fast though.
2	Fail. We have been to this location 4 times, the first two visits were good but the 3rd and final were horrible! The third visit we got trapped in the drive thru and had to wait over 30 minutes before even getting to the window. When we placed our order the guy said one minute for your total.. Waited and waited, finally said "hello?" And a new guy said yes can I take your order? Wth, this was after they were out of both of our first choices. Last night we had a friend from out of town who wanted Panda Express so we stopped dispute our better judgement, bad idea. Once again we waited forever in the drive thru, got to ordering and they were out of 2/3 of our orders. Made another selection and when we got to the window the lady said were out of that now too... They didn't know this when we were ordering?! Very disorganized, and no sense of decent customer service. Bad news bears..
1	Every time I decide to try and give in another try I am even more disappointed. There were 4 people ahead of me and when I pulled in immediately another car pulled in behind me so I was trapped in the drive thru. After waiting over 20 minutes in line to get to the speaker to place my order they tell me they are out of two dishes (even though it was 2 hrs to closing) so I changed my order. Another 20 minutes and I get up to the window where they tell me they are out of the sides I chose and it will be 6 minutes (even though they knew they needed it for my order). I sigh and say "ok I will pull ahead then" and they tell me "no, stay here, don't pull ahead." I must have looked confused because the guy then said "we don't want people thinking we aren't doing our job."...... of course by then they had already taken my payment so while I waited I spoke to a manager who said "well hopefully it'll be better next time". She clearly did not give a crap. So after that trip I will not going back ever.
5	My first impression, wow they are slammed. I need to be patient! Being patient paid off!! The staff here were so nice and working their butts off trying to get everyone taken care of. We got fresh food which was great for fast Chinese! Not only that but the sweet older lady there, was so sweet to my son! She gave us a ton of fortune cookies for himAnd coupons. We'll be back!
2	My personal painful experience with this location always happens between 745-830pm and 45 minutes before they close. **Heads up - don't bother. Waits in drive-thru for upwards of 30 minutes. Give them my order only to be told the food isn't available until after I pay.  Which mind you is 20 minutes into my "experience."  Really?  You didn't know that 15 minutes ago when I ordered?  Sure I'll pull around and wait in the front. I wrote Panda Corp not wanting anything free but to just voice my opinion and they were courteous enough to offer two free coupons for beef and broccoli. Guess what?  It wasn't available and would only be a 6 minute wait.Only reason I seem to put myself through this is because it's affordable (big meals for 2 under $18) and the food is fresh and hot.
