4	I hadn't had Pizza Hut in years!  My dad just had knee surgery and this Pizza Hut is next to his PT facility.  He suggested my husband and I pick up pizza and wings for the 4 of us.  I was pleasantly surprised!  I was expecting greasy, thick crust pizza.  I'm sure you can order different types of crust but their standard crust is delicious, thin and crispy.  We ordered half sausage, mushroom and onions and half pepperoni and tomatoes.  The pizza was so good!  I know I tasted some really good garlic and their sauce was good too.  We ordered the garlic and parmesan wings....also very delicious.  I'd definitely go back for pizza and wings!
4	Years ago in a far away place, I got burned out of Domino's, Papa John's and all the other major chain pizza joints, but not Pizza Hut for some reason. Maybe it's their grease soaked pan pizza crust, the tomato sauce or the baked in cheese of their stuffed crust pizza that always keeps me going. Or maybe it's the cheap $10 pizza deals they have been running lately that have been bringing me back to this place time and time again. Regardless, good times!Thank you pizza hut for always being there to keep my stomach full and happy when I am to lazy to cook. Plus, online ordering kicks ass!
4	Wing a ding a ling. The wings here are great.1.  Wings!  They have wings here and they are of decent size, a nice light coating on it and very, flavorful sauce.   We tried the Garlic parmesan and the Spicy Asian style and the kids all devoured this.  The style was Traditional Wings.2.  Pizza - Ordered the cheese and pepperoni here and it is quite edible. Would not say to die for, but edible.  3.  Other bits - Ordered the Meaty Marinara Pasta that comes in a tray. Small tray, however, if you have other food, enough for 4 with small servings. It came with breadsticks which the kids also enjoyed.  Also had the fried cheese sticks and these went fast as well.This place is not bad for the kids and a relatively inexpensive meal.  Although I prefer the pizza from Aurelio's or even Costco, this ain't bad.  For the wings, it is awesome.
