4	Usually no one is at this facility when I drop in, however, after the Christmas break, everyone seemed to be heading this way for mail pickup, package pick up, etc... Today there were long lines, and some inpatient people. For some reason, a young woman was very unhappy with something that had happened, and she was yelling in front of everyone at the postmaster, I felt for him, he was doing a good job handling the pressure until she called him stupid, but then he still managed to keep cool. There are rules for everything we do, and if you take time to review the rules, then there shouldn't be any problems, she didn't take the time to read the rules, and that's why her package was opened! The best way to utilize the USPS, know the rules, use the flat rate boxes when you can, and use the kiosks in the lobby!
3	I tried to stop in here the week of Christmas to ship out a package. The parking lot was completely packed, in fact, people were parking in the dirt lot across the street. I decided to go to a different branch instead.  I recently had another package to ship out so I stopped in on my lunch hour, once again it was super busy. I got lucky and was able to park because someone else was leaving at the perfect time.  The line was practically out the door, I was worried that my entire lunch hour was going to be spent standing in line. Thankfully, there was an employee going through the line to help expedite things by making sure people have the proper forms ready and that really seemed to help. 20 minutes later I was out the door, and able to get a bite to eat before heading back to work. If you can manage to find a place to park, this is a good post office to use with helpful, friendly employees.
1	Where do I even begin. I had many issues picking up packages at this location before I joined Yelp, but I will keep this review to my most recent incident, which was yesterday 4/6/11. After waiting many days for a package to arrive at my house, I finally checked the tracking info to only find out the post office said they left me a slip at my door two consecutive days (never did). When I went into the post office I waited for about 20 minutes before speaking with a postal employee. I explained the issue and she told me that this has been happening a lot lately, and she will tell the supervisor for me so the postal employee who has my route will get in trouble. I said OK, whatever at this point, I just want my two packages. She took my tracking numbers and gave me two packages. I went out to my car opened the first one, then the second. As I opened the second, I noticed IT WAS NOT MY PACKAGE, IT WAS MY NEIGHBORS ACROSS THE STREET. OMG!!! So they gave me the wrong package. I went back in waited again for 30 minutes this time, then let them know how incompetent they are at this post office. Please be careful here, they have lost my packages and now given me the wrong package. I would never go here again if I didn't have to.
1	Rude as hell! When I got to the front of the line, this white male around 40-50 w/ glasses motioned me over. I started out trying to be nice, smiled & told him I lost my mail keys. He gave me attitude & said I had to fill out this form. When I accidentally signed on the wrong line (I was so tired that day, only got 2 hrs. of sleep), the guy raised his voice at me & said,"what are you doing?! Did I tell you to sign there?! You're suppose to sign here."& he vehemently pointed his finger at where I was suppose to sign. This guy was very short tempered, no smile & talked to me in a very condescending way. What a dick! No customer service skills whatsoever! I had to come back here a couple of other times for other reasons & each time I went, it wasn't pleasant. The only good thing I can say about this post office is at least there's someone who helps direct you to the right line before you go on waiting on the wrong line.
2	Never have I seen a post office that ALWAYS has a line 30 people deep.  No matter what season, no matter what day of the week, no matter what time of day.  This, ladies and gentlemen, is the DMV of post offices.No, I take that back.  Even the DMV on Flamingo can accommodate my needs more quickly.Here's the issue: this post office covers a HUGE portion of the SW valley.  As far as I can tell, we're talking everything south of the 215 and west of the 15, and probably some more!  If that's 10x10miles, they're covering 100 square miles.   I live in Mountain's Edge, and Durango and Russell is where I'm forced to go if I have shipping needs.Now, the cure:  USE THE POSTAGE MACHINE!  Of course, if you're there for a passport, to pick up mail, or open a PO Box, enjoy the line.  But if you're just shipping a box out, use the postage meter.  It won't bite.  Measure the dimensions of your box and weigh it, then poke the screen a few times.  Pay, and you're done!  Or, use the flat rate boxes and, just like the commercials, "yes way, no weigh."Or solution #2:  build another post office, for Christ's sake.  It's not all cacti down here anymore.
4	I really hate going to the post office.  And when I walked in here and saw the ginormous line I knew what I was in for.  Suprisingly though, the lines moved quickly.  This location understands that there needs to be a line for people just picking up packages and a line for people making purchases and that's exactly the situation.  All in all, one of my better post office experiences.  Especially when you consider they service 8 zip codes (I overhead the lady working there say that!)
4	Clean interior.Good traffic flow for the outside post boxes.Always polite people that I've come into contact with who work here (though necessarily showing how harried and under pressure they are). Maybe turn the air conditioning a little cooler to help? I have never had a problem with mail delivery, as of yet.The reason why there are always 30 people always standing in line is because this postal service center is way over-taxed and spread thin. My advise is if the parking lot is full, come back another time or find another post office across town. Remember, dear customers: politeness never goes out of style. Check your attitude at the door. The people that work here are doing the best they can with the resources available.
1	First of all when a customer is buying a new home the post office employee should ask if you would like your mail held.  New homeowners do not know what to do.  Every employee should know to ask.  Isn't that part of their job training?! Now all of my mail has been sent back not know about it and I have to pay another fee for my driver's license because it was sent back.  This is a horrible post office.  Prepare yourself for extra fees if you're buying a new home.  Whoever works the counter for "keys-letter-etc." make sure your know all your shit or you're going to get another complaint.
5	I come here 3-4 days out of a week to return netflix. It's within walking distance from my house which is a plus. It's better to come at night and do self service, instead of the daytime because it's always packed.
3	Yeah this place is crazy busy and the people that work here are not nice. What do you expect for only one post office that serves the southwest. I know are there are cuts in budget and they can't open another post office, and that's probably why there are so many of those postnet and UPS stores are opening up. I only come here when I really need to and that's only when I needed to get my mailbox key. You need to bring your closing papers with your ID before they will fill out paperwork to get our key ordered. They said it would be ready in 1 month but when I came back to pick up mail from the mailbox, key was already ready. Sweet, it saves me a trip and another wait in line. I wish I could tell you the best time to come but it's always busy someway or another. When there is a lot of people and a lot of worker, it's busy. And when there is no one, there is only one worker, so it's still busy.
1	This is everything wrong about the postal service...uninspired staff, inefficient prodedures...would have been better served by trained monkeys.
1	terrible always a long line no matter the time of day for keys and package pickup. Can't wait until the post office goes out of business and UPS takes over! Avoid spending any of your hard earned money at the post office use FedEx or UPS!
5	This was my 3rd trip to this post office and I have to say that they're as good as a USPS can get. I went there Thursday morning at 10 and there was no line. I went to the front of the line with my 3 packages and I needed to know which boxes to use. The guy weighed everything and told me exactly how much and his recommendation on the boxes. I told him I needed to fill everything out and by then, there was a line of maybe 4 people, so I'll go to the end and wait. He told me I could just fill it out and then go back to the front of the line. I was in & out without any wait time and I actually charged the correct amount of shipping (rather than me getting screwed) on eBay for once! One time, I came here at 12 noon near Christmas time. There wasn't even a parking space, so I booked it. My recommendation: avoid first opening, lunch, and closing if you can.
3	This is a very convenient location and it's kind of tucked away from the world.  I rarely use USPS (most of my correspondence is digital) but on the rare times that I do, this is the default location.The employees could be more helpful and they could enforce rules more diligently.  Case in point, I almost got into an altercation with a woman who failed to recognize that when you step out of line, you lose your place in line (seriously, no one is in elementary school any more).  She did this three times and the last time was right before I was set to go to the counter, with my package all ready for shipping.  Word of advice, when in line at the post office (or any other government agency for that matter) have your stuff together!  Don't wait until the last minute to get things done and don't be that jackass who holds up the rest of the patrons who have their stuff together.  I can't really blame anyone but the inconsiderate woman for her behavior, but had the employees stepped in, the near-altercation would have been avoided. That episode notwithstanding, this place is very convenient and runs fairly smoothly and quickly on a regular day.
2	I know our postal person is based out of here and it seems like it's always someone different. They put mail in the wrong mail boxes all the time. Claim they attempted to deliver something to the house, even though we know we were home at that time. There was no notice left at the door or in our mailbox. When I complained to the man at the post office, all he said was maybe your notice blew away. Well maybe you should use some other kind of notice that you can attach to the door knob like other delivery companies do.The lines here are often very long, it's not often I have to actually use their services, thank goodness.
1	I am not one to completely pan a business but this USPS location was a complete disaster.  Utter chaos in the line, the employees simply weren't managing it at all, letting people in and out of line with no explanation.Literally 40 people deep line wise, this is consistent, no matter the time of day or day of the week.  Avoid at all costs.
1	The worst customer service and mail service in the Valley. Employees are terrible and need customer service training. Post Master needs to wake up. I havent reveived my mail and had to pick it up from post office. My dad had back surgery so it wasn't easy. All because my mail-lady was lazy.. WATCH OUT.. what she did since my mail was heavy was act like I wasn't home and left a note for ME to pick it up from post office. What a scam and total unprofessional attitude. .. Bet nothing comes of this review but more poor customer service, its sad.
3	kind of fast this time
4	never had any complaints or reason to get postal on the people here. they were fast and did their job well. i think people who complain about the post office workers in general are impatient because they are used to instant gratification. or they procrastinated and are stressed because they need to send something out.
1	Fuck you, post office.  Your system has failed and you can't keep up with all your expenses.  You want to put a dent in the billions you can't pay?  Sure!  Why not let the customers do it for you!  Charging more than fucking double for international shipping than you did last week.  Because that will really fix things.  Would've loved to have sat in that board meeting.  Clowns.  Shipping a 3 oz package went from $4.56 to $9.45!!  WHAT?!?!Isn't this the 21st century?  Can we get teleportation going already?
4	If you are looking for a fast in and out of the post office on a Saturday Afternoon, this is the location. The staff is fast and friendly. I am out of here in a few minutes and not in a few hours.  For someone that does not mail out alot of items, the staff will assist you in what types of packages you should place your items in. Located right off the 215- it is a great location for a fast in and out.
1	This place blows. So slow and clueless. You can't pick up items in the other lines but I also wanted to buy and ship items. Was told I had to wait in the line to pick up then wait in another line to ship. Fuck this place!
3	Now that we know Saturday service is being canceled soon, it seems extra mean for all of this McHatin' and it makes me feel like we are aiming at the kid on crutches in dodgeball what with all of this vocal dissatisfaction. Just to be clear here, nobody LOVES going to the post office. They just don't. We expect this place to be 21st century at our level, but let's be real - it's a division of the United States government, how fast do you think it's going to be!? There is always parking even though the lot seems tiny and there are lots of self-service options (stamps, weigh and pay, etc.). The lines, though they move pretty quickly, are usually long. Make sure your smart phone has a well-charged battery so you can keep yourself occupied!
2	NOBODY likes going to the Post Office and this location is the poster child as to why. Oh my God, this is the USPS from HELL! The employees are SO SLOW, the customers are even slower. They are always out of Priority Mail boxes. Their excuse? "We put them out and people take more than they should." Um, okay, so ORDER MORE BOXES for your customers! Need a change of address form? Good luck! Their response? "We don't got no more, try another location." This location does NOT process passport applications so don't waste your time. And make sure you get in the correct line when you walk in; there's often a separate line for "non monetary transactions."Mail pick-up lines stretch out the door while 3 employees stand at their stations with no customers. Employees simply walk away from their registers and disappear into the back room for 10 minutes. Be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes no matter what your transaction. Bring reading material.
2	I have never been to a "good" post office.  Some were OK.  Others were quite ghetto.  This one, which "serves" my address, is below average for all the post offices I have visited in the USA.  There is absolutely no way to phone them.  The phone will either ring off the hook or will be perpetually busy (probably left off the hook).  They have no electronic way to contact them, other than by FAX (they must still think it's 1979).  I have filed hold mail forms which they lost (luckily I assume they're going to screw it up and have the start the hold mail two days before I really need them to so I can catch their error).  Poor signage throughout the office.  Typical low-end government workers there (make the TSA look good).  I go only when I have to.  I never ship packages through USPS.  I use UPS.  They have to make a profit so they usually give give good service.
3	This post office is always packed!!! Even pick up mail only is a long line!!! Don't make it a habit to come here!
1	This is the worst post office for pickup only line. There were 5 people in front of me and I waited for one full hour.  For one person, the lady took 25 min to take care of one customer. If you have no choice to go anywhere else, expect waiting for a long time.
3	I feel like the USPS is one of those places that people love to hate, like the DMV. A big part of that has to do with the fact that we have no choice but to enlist in their services and they're not very customer-centric. However, I don't share these feelings of hatred because my expectations are rather low and thus, never disappointed.Since I sell items online, I need to visit a USPS office frequently. Every experience has been fine. Although this location is very busy and I have always encountered a line, it moves decently. There's always an employee walking around the lobby, attempting to assist everyone with questions, appropriate packaging and labels, and ensuring everyone is prepared so the line moves smoothly. I appreciate this effort, but there are too many customers for just one person to handle. Therefore, several individuals will arrive at the counter with incorrect supplies or simply unprepared. That was me! I was more than happy to step aside and correct it, but the situation could've been avoided. The supplies (envelopes, boxes, labels, pens, tape) are not always readily available or properly marked. People use the wrong packaging and labels which hold up the counter, there are never any pens to use to fill out labels, and the packaging tape is only for Priority shipping (how would you know without being told?). It's simply not organized. There are different labels located at different sections of the store, you don't even know what most of them do, and no one is available to help you with any of these questions. Of course, I love the complimentary envelopes and boxes for Priority and Priority Flat Rate (make sure you don't use the wrong one though). Priority Flat Rate shipping is really popular, so those supplies are always available. The envelopes and boxes come in small, medium, and large. If you request it, USPS will even drop off these materials to your home! Including a pick up.I wish I could say everyone was pleasant or helpful, but I haven't had a good experience in this department. I'm not surprised nor upset though - I can't imagine I'd have an ounce of patience left if I had to work at a USPS counter. The customers are even worse!!So, if you want to avoid the lines, check out the dimensions of the packaging supplies and request a drop off and pick up. Or brave the location once to pick up some envelopes and boxes and request pick ups at home just by printing your label from their website. The prices are slightly cheaper when you utilize the website as well! If you don't want to do a home pick up, you can still print the label at home and visit a USPS location to utilize their envelope/box and drop it off there - then you still avoid the lines.If you absolutely must visit a USPS location, here's my advice: bring a pen and/or permanent marker, packaging tape (for boxes), and before you wait in line, ensure that you have the appropriate supplies (if you're not certain, ask someone). Also, expect a wait and plan your schedule around your visit.
3	Came here looking for passport service. This location does NOT do passport service. They DO have a list of branches around the valley that does (Jones near Flamingo or Rainbow near Spring Mountain are the two close ones that DO have passport service)Came here on a Tuesday afternoon, a little before 1. Pretty packed. Lots of people. I believe they had 2-3 different lanes open at the same time but still pretty backed up. Only ONE entrance/exit for the branch. I accidentally missed the entrance and turned into the street east of the location to do a U-turn. Oops? Branch good for those who live in the SW side for their mailing purposes. Has a decent amount of PO boxes too !
1	Holy hell, the employees are arguing with eachother at the front when there is a long line, I've been here for about an hour waiting for them to find my package. This place is worse than the DMV. I wish they had better leadership. The people who work here have no idea what they are doing.
2	Nice people but the working like a robot. Fake smile. 15 min line. Missing product / boxes. Beware from the Russia employee
1	Worst post office in the valley! I have lived in Vegas my whole life, and I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes to retrieve a package. At this office be prepared to wait at least 45 minutes! I have also tried to have packages redelivered to my home to avoid the long wait lines, but they won't. When I purchase my next home I will make sure it is not zoned for this post office!
1	This place has the worst service inside! The pick up time for the drive thru drop off is 3pm. Who drops off mail at 3? If the place were truly accommodating, it would have a later last drop off time. The people inside are just rude! They are not helpful when it comes to packages. FYI bring your own tape because the people behind the corner will not give you any.
1	The worst service ever people don't do their job and wait time is over an hour and the people who work here are rude
1	If I could give them no stars I would. What a joke of a post office. I would vote to get rid of the postal service after going here. If you are picking up mail or getting a new mail box key be prepared to wait an hour in line because while thy have 5 people working behind the counter only one helps the EXTREMELY LONG line of customers waiting for their mail. And god forbid if you moved to a new house and need to get new keys to your mail box. I was quoted 2 weeks to a month and its now been over a month. Standing in line I've seen them tell people multiples times that they don't know where their mail is..... isn't that their job?!  I've never seen a more unorganized business filled with unhelpful and rude people. I'm not the kind of person who gets angry easily or who EVER complains but this place makes me furious!
1	If I could give them 0 stars I would! Horrible system, waited 45 minutes to pick up mail cause they only had one person and one line going at a time! I got here right when they opened and there was already a line waiting and the workers didn't seem to be in any kind of hurry!!! The most ridiculous thing ever!!!!
1	The pickup line extended from one side of the building to the other and the progress was painfully slow; but that's not why I'm leaving this review. Today one the customers was an old Chinese woman who did not know English, when the employee asked her to sign the pickup sheet the customer didn't understand. The employee started making rude remarks when the customer tried to call her daughter so she could explain. the employee went as far as to touch the woman and her phone. It was so bad that I remembered her name, "Halina." I've been to this office before, the employees are not quick or helpful. The least they can do is treat their customers with respect
1	Trying to call about ANOTHER piece of mail that I didn't recieve..Someone picks up the phone,  I start explaining my issue.  I was hung up on, then I called back and it went to a busy signal..What is that about?  Poor service inside too,  we dont need to be talked down too when being told how to tape  a package.
1	This place is a nightmare especially if you are in the pickup line.  I went there to pick up keys and after over an hour wait the clerk said they don't have them it's bc it's a new house it's the builders fault. Really?!? She said they will hold the mail for me to come back and to contact my builder.  What do you mean the builder???  Anyway,  I came back today, waited again and to find out the previous clerk didn't do anything to hold the mail.  They let me know that they lost my keys, they don't have my mail, it's their fault and they will rush my keys which will take 2-4weeks. In the meantime, keep coming back  and wait in this stupid unorganized place to receive my mail.  I wish the post office became obsolete completely.  Thankful for UPS and FEDEX!
1	I've only had to pick up packages and mail here, so my only experience is with the dreaded pick up line. For some reason there is only one employee who will retrieve packages and certified letters but several employees who work the windows where they take your money to mail packages or letters. It doesn't matter if there are 15 people waiting in the pick up line, the other employees will always take customers from the paying line as soon as they walk up. When I went there this morning to pick up a certified letter, I felt like I was in a slow motion movie. At a certain point my husband and I just started laughing at how ridiculously slowly every employee was moving. I wish there was another option besides going to the post office. It's no surprise this place is going bankrupt.
1	I used to be a big proponent of keeping the US Postal Service in business, but over the past year, my mind has changed completely. Most recently, I sent a package to some friends in England.  Over a month had gone by and they still hadn't received the shipment.  One day, a box showed up at our door.  It was the box that we had sent out about 5 weeks prior, except it had no contents.  The box looked as though it had been ripped open and the books that I had sent to their children were missing.The Post Office on Russell Road could not help me at all.  They told me they didn't know what happened, and despite the message on the package saying it had made it to Los Angeles, they told me it never actually left Las Vegas (according to their report they printed over the computer).  The manager asked me to fill out a form (I would not be reimbursed for the box they made me buy to ship the books because they told me I could reuse it - despite the box being torn open).  They also told me I would not be reimbursed for the contents which was valued at $22.  I filled out the form the manager asked me to fill out and when I asked her what my case number was (one of the questions on the form) she told me she didn't know and that I'd have to do it online.  I said, "then why did you give me a form to fill out here?"  She just reolied again that I'd have to do it online and I may or may no hear back.  That was it.  There was nothing further they could do. Unfortunately this is not the only time I have had a package go missing when shipping through the USPS.  I have finally learned my lesson and will not be supporting them anymore.  FedEx and UPS may cost more, but at least my package won't be stolen and the customer service is much better.  It's such a shame.
3	Ugh this post office is the closest to my home and it is always so crowded no matter what time or what day you come that I've gotten great customer service so far since I've been here
1	This place sucks!!! I will drive further or pay more at ups next time, no doubt! This place is dirty, it smells, has very long lines all day! I've had a nice guy help me a couple of times, but this lady called Iola Flowers is SO rude! Not sure if she was having a VERY bad day, or if she just has no manners and terrible customer service.
1	I will NEVER come back to this post office. The people are rude and unhelpful. Given I don't use the post office very often so I wasn't sure what kind of packaging or labels I needed considering I was returning something that was in the same package o received it and of course when I got to the counter I chose the wrong label and they sent me to the back of the line which was at that point 15 people long. I was there for 45 mins.  I will avoid using USPS at all costs. UPS has always been so helpful and I will use them instead.
5	They know my face and welcome every time I come back. I smile and they smile. They given great shipping advice for my business!They have a hard job be nice and smile and you will be rewarded!
1	Unprofessional employees. Completely rude on the phone and couldn't answer a simple question. 0.5/10 would not recommend unless you don't mind losing your sanity going back and forth about a simple question about your delivery.
1	Horrible service!  I think it is time for USPS to be sourced out to contractors.  The GOVT employees entitled attitude is very prevalent at this location.    In addition to mis-delivering 4 packages last week they lost one within their building.   I got the "supervisor will call you BS" after they couldn't find my package.  The postman has also mis-delivered the pick up slip!  The good thing is the neighbor who got my other packages did bring them to my house.  This makes 5 times they have gotten my packages.  I am lucky they are honest.   Later in the day my missing package was delivered.  The supervisor never called.
1	This place is horrible. I waited more than 30 minutes to the supervisor say me they can't help....
1	This is by far the most populated post office and the wait times just to pick up a package is long. I'm in line now on a Tuesday afternoon. Over 30 mins it's 1pm.
2	This place always has a long ass line. I don't understand it. I wish they could improve their service somehow.
1	I wish I could rate them no stars. I've been tolerant over the last 7 years with my post carriers being lazy but, today was an all new record. It's 3 days before Christmas. I'm waiting for packages. I've paid for the shipping and expect delivery to be on time as in today's case. Checked mail when we left the house around 1330. Returned home about 1630 and checked the mail. No mail. Decided to go check again at 1930 after we finished eating dinner. Mind you, was home all evening. Checked the box and what do i find? My "sorry we missed you" ticket inside my post box. "Available for pickup after 9A" is what it said. Checked with my neighbor who stated their mail came around 1800 hours. So, once again, i have a carrier who is lazy to the point of not fulfilling his/her obligation by ringing my doorbell and delivering my package. The package requires a signature according to the slip that was left. So  now, I have to waste my own gas driving several miles to the post office tomorrow morning to pick up my own package that should have been delivered today. USPS is the biggest joke in the shipping industry. My advice, pay the extra for UPS, FEDEX, DHL or hell, the Pony Express.
2	There are things that i hate, and there are things that i hate the most! Standing in line for one rep to pick up a package while 4 more are free but only "sending out", just wanna make u scream "how the hell did u make it this far????"
1	I'm here to just pick up a letter that supposedly USPS has been trying to deliver to me for three weeks, then I randomly get a final notice letter, as my first, so I come here and I've been standing in line to pick up for 15 minutes and there's still six callers ahead of me, Jimmy. The staff here moves so slow the clocks are actually starting to spin backwards. If it's a busy post office I understand but they need to hire more employees if that's the case. I will never come here by choice. Definitely better off going to a annex or post net.
