4	The sign reads L'Express Yummy Express, but the new owner (of a few months), tells me he wants to freshen it up and change it to Yummy2go. Well he's on the right track, since it is yummy and definitely 2 go (as there is no seating in the Metro station where they are located). His wife literally makes fresh Vietnamese springs rolls the minute they run out of the ones in the chilled display case. I tried two of them (you can get one, two or three in an order), with both the traditional fish sauce (excellent), and the more Western peanut dipping sauce (also tops). The rolls themselves were right up there (not the best of my life, but quite fresh). They also have a new mango salad offering (chock full of colourful veggies including red onion, carrot, bell peppers and of course thinly slice mangos (both orange and green)). They make Vietnamese sandwiches of which I tried the curry infused tofu (they call it vegetarian). Nice taste, but the bun was a but too crusty for my liking and a little dry. For the $3-4 dollar price range of those three items individually, the budget aware can not be too picky. I myself will keep going back to try different items. The service and smiles made up for some small fine tuning on the food items. In sum if you are on the go it's worth a quick stop and go. Note they do not use MSG or preservatives and carry all beef hotdogs.
5	If I had to describe this place as accurately as possible, I would call it quality fast food. This place is the fuel that keeps me going when I have those long 4 hour classes and it's so conveniently located at minute's walk away from my school. I didn't have the opportunity to really try everything out on their menu, but I'm always excited when I have my chance to order. My usual go-to is their hot dogs (bacon and even Michigan), they're all delicious and at a very affordable price. Their banh mi is possibly the best one I've tasted since one of my childhood friend's mom used to make them back in the day.All in all, you can't go wrong when you purchase something from Yummy2Go, tasty, affordable and filling!
