5	Again attention to detail- serving diners simultaneously, a dedicated sous attendant and the impeccable decor... it reminded me of this grand hall restaurant in Paris- billowing tafetta curtains, roccoco ceilings, candelabra crystal lamps- and the quiet demeanor inside (free of slot machine noises)!My best wine experience ever- Chateau Palmer '97 , The Sommelier decanted the bottle , chatted with us, his experiences- and upon patiently waiting- my first sip..." this is what wine should taste like..."If dreams were in bottles...Fantastique experience :-)
5	I love the Wynn.  I think its subtle extravagance is exactly why I love it, and so many others don't get it. At Alex, there is nothing subtle about the extravagance. We went for the full tasting menu with wine pairings.  Every course was amazing, and each wine was perfectly paired.  The wyagu steak course overshadow the others, and we normally don't eat red meat!  The fish course as well as the yellowtail appetizer was superby. All in all, it doesn't get any better than this, in the best hotel, in the greatest city in the world!
5	It's a well known fact that many of the "celebrity" restaurants in Vegas are weak carbon copies of their named restaurants elsewhere.  In the case of Alex, it truly is a masterpiece of a restaurant that can stand on it's own.  Now, while you may need a second on your home, you will be treated to truly top notch service and well prepared French food to die for.Steve Wynn is truly a perfectionist and it shows in the restauranteurs that he has brought to the Wynn Hotel.
5	Alex is Wynn Las Vegas' signature restaurant.  When Steve Wynn built The Bellagio, he talked to two chefs about running his signature restaurant - Julian Serrano and Alex Stratta.  The story is, Serrano responded first, and became the chef at Picasso.  As a sort of consolation prize, Wynn set Stratta up at Renoir, at the Mirage.  When Wynn Las Vegas was built, Stratta rejoined Wynn's team at the restaurant bearing his name.The decor a bit ornate: crystal chandeliers; dark woods; plush furniture in the entry area.  Colors tend toward red, orange, brown and cream.  Soft music, mostly vocals, plays in the background.  Very large glass doors admit a lot of light early in the evening.Service was excellent throughout both of my meals.  It was attentive and friendly without being overbearing.  I was always referred to by name.  Perhaps they get a lot of requests for souvenir menus, as they offered me such a souvenir early in the evening - a nice touch.**MEAL #1 - THE TASTING MENU**To get things going, they provided an amuse bouche - or is that amuses bouche?  In any case, there were four:  mushroom soup, tempura scallop, raw tuna on a shrimp chip, and mushroom in puff pastry.  The mushroom soup and scallop were especially good.  Then another round arrived.  I didn't manage to write down the offerings, but they also were good.For the meal itself, I chose the tasting menu:* Another amuse bouche: red prawn with sea urchin.  Good, but not great.* Sea scallops with cauliflower puree and truffle.  The scallop was crisp on the outside, barely cooked on the inside.  The cauliflower puree served as a sauce, and was strongly flavored.  Very good to excellent.* Foie gras with plum mustard.  Served as a steak, somewhat crisp on the outside, very soft on the inside; it perhaps should have been a little crisper.  The plum mustard sauce was an excellent foil.  Very good.* Roasted wild turbot.  Perfectly cooked, it was crisp on the outside, meltingly soft on the inside.  A sweet sauce on the plate was just right.  Excellent.* Wagyu beef with red wine.  Alex, thank you for not caving in to the hype and calling this Kobe beef.  In any case, the beef was tender, with good flavor.  The accompanying sauce was strongly flavored.  Very good.* Coconut tapioca with tropical fruit.  Served in a shot glass, I assumed this was a palate cleanser.  Perhaps, but it was a delicious course by itself: creamy coconut; pearls of tapioca; sweet and very tart passion fruit pulp.  An inspired combination; excellent.* Warm citrus pound cake wafers with mascarpone, vanilla ice cream and huckleberry juice.  You just had to be there.  This sounded off the wall, but was another inspired combination.  Very good to excellent.* That was the end of the official meal, but of course there was more.  First, a few mini madelaines, fresh out of the oven.  Then, mignardises: a few sweets.  Very good!**MEAL #2 - THE REGULAR PRIX FIXE MENU**Even before a menu was offered, I was presented with a series of amuses bouche, served in two rounds:  scallop soup; lobster tempura; a bit of caviar; corn ravioli; a shot glass of cherry soda; mushroom vol-au-vent; gruyere in a pastry crust; cantaloupe jelly with crme frache.  Much more than the typical amuse bouche, these treats were an appetizer in themselves, and were very good.Once I ordered, another amuse bouche arrived.  Sweet corn custard with Osetra caviar was an interesting combination.  The custard was silky smooth, with a strong corn flavor; it was a good foil to the generous small spoonful of salty caviar.My appetizer was Roasted Veal Sweetbreads 'Piccata'.  It consisted of a good sized hunk of sweetbreads, with a tangy sauce.  The consistency of the sweetbreads was creamy but very firm.  Very good to excellent.As a main course, I chose Atlantic Halibut with Borlotti Beans, Tomato Confit and Razor Clams.  This dish was a study in contrasting colors: white fish; deep red tomato, in a pool of very deep green parsley puree.  The fish was seared, and barely cooked through - just right.  On top was a piece of crisped skin.  It was a simple dish, but very good.Dessert was a white bitter chocolate cream Napoleon with milk chocolate ice cream.  It consisted of dark, milk, and white chocolate cream layered between super thin crispy wafers.  A small scoop of strongly flavored milk chocolate (yes, such a thing is possible) ice cream was on top.  Excellent!Lastly appeared a half dozen mini madelaines, hot out of the oven.  OK, almost lastly.  Next came 4 chocolates in a small dish, plus an even dozen petits fours of all varieties.  I didn't manage to finish all of them, but I did my best!Both meals were excellent - not quite as good as my dinner at Jol Robuchon at the Mansion, but it was only half the price.  If you have the time and the appetite, the tasting menu is the way to go.  If not, the three course prix fixe menu is nearly as good.
5	My wife and I went on my wife's birthday.  We combined the Las Vegas trip into a birthday, belated honeymoon and our first wedding anniversary.  The one thing we had to do is go to a great restaurant.  Alex is one of the top 100 restaurants in the world.  Alex was fantastic.  The food, the ambiance and the service was second to none.  It was taste bud overload.  We had the tasting menu without the wine.  We also had a picture with chef Alessandro Stratta.  Chef Alex gladly obliged.  My wife was given a delectable little birthday cake that I am sure was one of her favorite cakes ever.  All the food was cooked perfectly and the staff was so enthralled in assuring my wife and I were happy.  The place we first sat at we didn't care for so we were able to move without a question.  The staff explained the courses to us and we even took pictures of the food and the restaurant without problem.  I would recommend this restaurant wholeheartedly, if you can afford it even once in your life.  We went to see Cirque De Soleil O' after the meal and it was the perfect pairing.  This was a once in a lifetime meal and it is something my wife and I will never forget.
5	First and foremost I apologize for not remembering the details of this dining experience as I should have.  By no means should that be interpreted as being unimpressed by the dining experience, but more a result of the loss of memory that is often associated with a vacation in Las Vegas.I spent the better half of an evening at Alex last Tuesday night and to no surprise I was delighted with the experience.  As I explored the restaurant I couldn't help but notice all the detail throughout the dining room.  Upon entering the restaurant you are greeted with a survey view of most of the dining room.  A modest staircase leads down to the dining room floor that is outlined with deep burgundy colored, floor-to-ceiling curtains with decorative flowers attached.  These surround the large glass windows that look out into a "secret garden."  Forgive me for not going up to the windows to get a better view of what's outside.  3-foot high clear glass vases are filled with orchids and other exotic flowers in the candlelit room.  My only complaint would be the dim lighting at this point.  As we were seated the servers promptly brought small pedestals to sit besides the ladies' chairs for their handbags, a nice touch.As special guests we were treated to two courses of four amuse-bouches.  Forgive me again for not remembering the exact details of all the courses, but I do remember very clearly the Matsutake mushroom consomee and the gruyere cheese puff as being fantastic.  Not so impressive was the tuna tartare and caviar on a scallop chip.  The scallop chip was too overpowering to taste the tartare and caviar.  There was also a seared foie gras and a watermelon gelee with goat cheese meringue that were tasty.On to the meal...I chose the tasting menu for the evening which consisted of 7 courses.  We started with a cantaloupe gelee with kona kanpachi, weird?  The cantaloupe gelee was fine, but I found that it overpowered the tiny portion of kanpachi that was wrapped in a crispy skin of either potato or egg roll wrapper (it was about the size of a stack of 15 dimes), take out the gelee and you probably would have had another winning amuse bouche.  The next course was a butter-poached lobster with corn custard.  This is very much one of my top 10 all-time favorite dishes, although becoming quite common in upscale restaurants (I'm pretty sure that Thomas Keller at the French Laundry was the first to embark on this dish, but correct me if I'm wrong).  Next was a bit of orange roughy that was served with a sauce of chanterelles, very tasty but I had forgotten it after the next two courses.  Then came the seared foie gras, a monstrous portion by most standards served with a complex reduction sauce that I had a hard time deconstructing, tart, sweet, a little bitter and burnt, this was atop...hmm...can't remember, but who cares, it was foie gras damnit.  Next was a perfectly cooked wagyu beef, rich, buttery, tender goodness in another complex wine sauce.  This was served with a deconstructed butter lettuce salad (didn't quite get why they did that, maybe to balance the richness?)  For dessert we were assaulted by several plates of the pastry chef's creations.  The "Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate" was an array of chocolate mousses, ice creams, solid chocolate, and chocolate sauces.  The dark chocolate ice cream was the most intense chocolate ice cream I've ever had, beating out the 71% cocoa that I'm used to eating, so pretty darn intense.  There were also some hazelnut desserts, petit-fours, hazelnut ice cream, coffee desserts, and more.Our waiter for the evening was Mike Shigemoto, quite the professional but made us feel extremely comfortable at the same time.  A+ to him for his professional yet friendly service, which really made the evening quite memorable/enjoyable.At the end of our meal we were greeted by chef Devin Hashimoto, the chef for the evening (apparently Alex is working on another restaurant, a business-casual italian restaurant but I can't remember the name).  Quite tall for a Japanese guy and a killer Hawai'ian accent to boot, very cool guy.  I'd like to work for him for a week just to see what it's like.Anyhow, to sum it all up:  Eat there if you can afford to and enjoy yourself.  Not a cheap meal by any standards ($195 for the tasting menu, $145 for the 3 course, neither including wine) but a great place for a special occasion.  Jackets required.Oh, and check out the bathrooms.
5	I took a group of clients to Alex for dinner while we were in Vegas for a conference. There were eleven of us and it was a very memorable meal.I reserved the private room in advance, and was able to select a more limited tasting menu from which my guests could choose.I am a vegetarian, so they also prepared a special menu for me, from Amuse Bouche to dessert. It was absolutely magnificent.Menu choices included Seared Sea Scallops with Mango; Shellfish and Lobster Fricassee with herb linguine to start... roasted breast of squab with pancetta wrapped figs and alaskan butterfish with miso glaze for mains; and a cheese course and chocolate dessert. The cheese course was not only a lovely presentation but beautifully selected.If you've got the bucks, the time and the inclination, Alex at the Wynn will definitely serve you well for a memorable meal.  Plan on $300/person if you do the full shebang with champagne toasts, wine with each course, and dessert...Alex offers a lovely French wine list, stuffy but attentive service, lovely decor and overall an absolutely fantastic meal.
5	For a fine dining experience in Vegas you can do no better than Alex.The chef came to the Wynn from his signature restaurant "Renoir" at the MIrage. The dining experiences at Renoir have been the finest I have ever experienced.But that is not why I am writing this review. I want to tell everyone about the extrordinary extent to which Alex will go to insure your quality experience. My friend is having an 80th birthday celebration for his mother. Family is flying in from across the country and they have some special needs. My friend decided to E-mail Alex to see if the restaurant could accomodate their needs. ( as a few high end locations could not ) Alex E-mailed back and set up a vegetarain meal and made arrangements for another specific dietary concern. He checked on the requirements for the cake to see if anything was needed. All of this extra concern to provide a quility experience for the family states a great deal about the quality of this dining experienceIf they are willing to go to this much extra for a family gathering - why would you want to go anywhere else for that extra special occassion.This is perfection......
5	What happens when Steve Wynn pilfers the greatest chefs from Vegas and the world and sets them up with their own restaurants at his Wynn Las Vegas hotel?  Someone has to be top dog.  Alex howls at the moon in the self-titled restaurant that, to be called French by category is wholly inaccurate. The category is Alex and nothing more.There are lots of "celebrity" chefs out there that command big dollars because you've watched them on the Food Network or bought their book. Most have restaurants that vary wildly in quality of food and service and BAM! You spent a fortune for a meal that you could have acquired a lot less expensively elsewhere.Alex is not that kind of restaurant. It is staggeringly not cheap. Your price fixe meal can run $175.00 per person to $195.00 per person without wine. If you go with the wine pairings on the $195.00 5 course meal, expect to add about $100.00 If you want anything with white truffles, offered, add another $50 to $100 per person.  Your tip for two will run around $60.00 for a basic meal with limited beverages.Now that you or your spouse has fainted, pick yourself up: This may be one of the only restaurants in the world that I can safely say lives up to its hype and is worth whatever you pay for it.Alex is going to take you on a culinary adventure. 99% of the time you are getting some level of his personal attention. They make special events a treat with little extras, and the three courses, with little taste bonuses that the chef throws in, works out to be closer to five anyway.Plates are set down in deceptively tiny amounts in front of you. Do not be fooled. This is very rich food, as my writing this in some level of exquisite agony at 1:30 am will attest.You will experience tastes that you may never have experienced before, with a depth and subtlety that are simply shocking.  Even the bread is amazing! We had a rosemary/orange infused slice that was,  for this allergy-ravaged nose, a wonder.Desserts are ordered at the time of your initial menu foray. Each one is rich and complex. My wife had some chocolate dish that was about as big as a Kit Kat bar in size, covered in dark chocolate with three toasted hazel nuts and ribbons of dark chocolate and a painting of gold leaf on the plate next to it, served with a small hazel nut ice cream that was so rich that she could only finish half.  They do have doggie bags, but if you give any of it to the dogs, or your children, you are either insane or incredibly attached to your pooch (or rug rat).Jackets are suggested but not required. Most men in the room wearing them worked there as waiters.The waiters were beyond amazing and deserve the 20% that they command.  Eat earlier and then jog about 13 miles to work off the joys of true gluttony.If you can shell out money for the wonders of Cirque du Soleil, then you should worry little about giving this culinary acrobat your hard-earned dough.
5	I absolutely love the creativity of the chef. After dining at many "high-end" restaurants in SF, this is one restaurant that wowed me. From the purple cauliflower puree to the pear sorbet, it was just fantastic. Be sure to check out their wine list cause their selection is just HUGE.  It's not the ordinary scallop, foie gras, kobe steak meal that you get. They actually give you something different! I'd go back there again next time I visit Las Vegas.
4	The Girl and I went here on a quick trip to Vegas a few weeks ago.  It was a pricey day of pampering, from treatments at Bath House, to dinner at Alex, to a showing of Le Reve.I called the week before and they were very accommodating since Wynn houses both Alex and Le Reve.  We were given a 6:30pm reservation, plenty of time to enjoy dinner and walk the 500 feet over to Le Reve.When we got there, it was still fairly empty, but by the time we left at 8:30pm it was filled to near capacity.  The place is ornately furnished and dimly lit, the tables are spread out and the ceilings are very very high.  The lavishness of the surroundings is astounding.  The atrium is atop a staircase that looks over the dining area.  The bathroom is no slouch, either.  For the women, they had these little stools that you could put your handbag on.  It was ornate but somewhat funny looking.  They had all the unused ones lined up against a wall which made them look like little booster chairs.  For babies. In 19th century England.  For royalty.  Who wipe their tushes with gold leaf.HUGE wine list but The Girl and I are essentially teetotalers.  At least that night we were.  This place costs a pretty penny.  We got the tasting menu sans alcohol and still paid $500 flat including tax and tip.  A more detailed review of each dish to follow.  All in all, the experience was excellent but I've only had 2 other meals that cost this much per person and both outshined this one.  We definitely enjoyed ourselves and had a memorable time, but I walked away thinking that it simply cost too much.  Were it about 25-30% less expensive, it might be a 5.Bread.  Whipped butter with sea salt and your option of four breads.  I can't remember them all but one was rosemary and another was toasted corn.  Very good. [4/5]Amuse Bouche, Carpaccio on breadsticks and mini croquettes, ahi tuna tartare and butternut squash puree.Very good start to the meal.  All very tasty little morsels, particularly the tartare and the croquettes. [5/5]Nantucket Bay Scallop Crudo with Dashi Pearls, Miso flakes and Osetra caviar.  The scallops were sweet and tender and the osetra caviar (my first in a LONG time!) was perfect.  The saltiness of the dashi and caviar complemented the sweet scallops. [5/5]Spiny lobster and fresh hearts of palm, sea urchin and black truffles.  The lobster was succulent and slightly sweet.  The palm added a different and welcome texture.  The urchin and truffles added just a touch of earthiness (I sound like an Iron Chef judge) that went well.  [5/5]Seared foie gras with caramelized onions, brussel sprouts and spiced apple broth.  I'm not a huge foie gras fan but I can eat a few morsels.  For foie gras lovers this must be heaven.  It was flavorful and rich and after about half I simply couldn't eat any more.  The onions and apple broth soothed my palate a little but cutting into the richness, but I could only withstand so much.  [3/5]Brioche crusted aji with roasted fennel, provencal relish and balsamic-red wine sauce.  The brioche crust added an interesting crunchiness, but combined with the wine sauce I think the taste of the aji got lost.  [4/5]Japanese wagyu beef with shallot-bone marrow gratin, parsnip puree and bordelaise sauce.  This is what brought us to Alex, the Wagyu beef.  It was definitely medium rare and cooked perfectly.  The gratin was interesting and it was good although I'm not a huge fan of bordelaise sauce. [5/5]Meyer lemon parfait gratin with vanilla citrus.  At first this dessert didn't look too interesting, but the lemon parfait was just tart enough and the fruit on the bottom was sweeter than we thought, which was a good thing.  [4/5]Dark chocolate and cherry port caramel with hazelnut nougat.  This thing was HUGE (that's what she said).  Dark chocolate (it seemed like it was fondant, but I'm not sure) was smothered over a marshmallowey bar with caramel.  The presentation was excellent but I didn't quite get the mix of creme and crunchy hazelnut.  Nevertheless, it tasted good and we were glad we had a large dessert to finish the meal.  [4/5]All in all, the experience was excellent and we had a great time.  They even gave me the menu so I could record it as I am doing right now.  We also left with a little box of freshly made macaroons which we've only opened last weekend but still taste good.
5	This can be hit or miss, but when they're on, it's world class.When I visit Alex I usually go for the tasting menu paired with the premium wine selections.  Don't ask how much it costs.  Just make sure you pay your mortgage or rent or car payment or whatever matters to you before you go here.The array of colors and tastes and textures on the menu is superb.  Here are some of examples:Carpaccio of Red Prawns with Sea Urchin, Celery and Osetra CaviarSaut of Foie Gras with Pomegranates, Aged Balsamico and Butternut SquashWild Turbot with Cauliflower Pure, Red Wine Sauce and Porcini MushroomsYou just can't believe how complimentary these ingredients are.  Who would have thought of fish with cauliflower and red wine and mushroom sauce?  It sounds like an odd combination, but all of the dishes on the menu are like that.  A symphony of taste, color and texture that is not to be believed until you try it.The optional wine selection that accompanies the tasting menu is also amazing.  The wine selection for the Foie Gras was Chateau d'Yquem.  Need I say more?The service is European style which means attentive and performed by a team, not just single waiter.  It's much more in your face than we Americans are used to, but go with the flow and you'll enjoy it. This is a special treat for a special occasion.  I highly recommend it.  Just make sure you pay the rent before you go.
5	One of the best dining experiences we've had. When making reservations, the service rep was very accommodating with assisting with La Reve reservations along with our dinner reservations. The Wynn reps are some of the friendliest in Vegas on the phone.With all the restaurants to choose from in Las Vegas, we made a reservation for Alex based on a family member's recommendation.Upon arriving at Alex, you get the feeling of old Hollywood as you descend down the staircase into the well decorated dining room.Loved the table for my handbag. Wish I could take that home with me!The sommelier was not only very knowledgeable, he was very down to earth and friendly as well.We had the tasting menus and we picked a reasonable bottle of Ramey Cabernet. Even with a reasonable bottle of wine, one should expect to spend a pretty penny. But the experience was definitely worth it. The only other restaurants that we feel can compare are Auberge du Soleil in Rutherford and Gary Danko's in SF. Neither of which were cheap either. We celebrated my husband's 40th birthday at Alex and they gave him a beautiful chocolate masterpiece, which I devoured instead of the dessert that I had ordered. Upon leaving, you get a little bag of madeline cookies for your late night snack after a night of gambling.Definitely an extraordinary experience.
3	I am giving this restaurant 3 stars because of temperature.  I really do not like high end french food so if you are a foodie you should ignore my review.  I was more cold at this restaurant than I have ever been other than in my grocer's freezer aisle.  They brought me a shawl which was nice but it could have used a trip to the dry cleaner.  But the fact that they have shawls on hand is also concerning as you think they'd just turn down the AC--obviously!!  I think this is a good place for uptight guys in fancy suits - with cashmere jackets.  Your dates will be cold...tell them to bring some fur.  I ordered the squab bc it was the only thing on the menu I could decipher and it came very very rare.  I guess that is how fancy people eat squab.  I would have preferred a cheeseburger.
4	Vegas is a place to drop your money so don't be surprised to spend A LOT of it here.I am always up to experience new restaurants so when my friend suggested Alex, I agreed without hesitation. From the moment you  step foot into Alex, you are greeted warmly and in awe from the beauty of the decor and service. My clutch was also pampered with a plush stool next to me.To start the night off, there was a variety of 4 breads but I preferred the cranberry one. The Amuse Bouche - Carpaccio on bread sticks, ahi tuna tartare and butternut squash puree was also delightful.We all chose the 7 course tasting at $195 versus the 3 course of $145. I enjoyed majority of the selections like:* Marinated Yellowtail and Osetra Caviar * Roasted Sea Scallops with White Asparagus and Sea Urchin* Seared Foie Gras with Sweet Onion, Cabbage and Black Truffle Consomme* Japanese Wagyu Beef with Fava Bean Pure, Candied Shallots and Bordelaise Sauce - the sauce over powered the beef too muchI should have said something about the Daurade 'Royale' with Rhubarb, Caramelized Endives and Spiced Red Wine Syrup because the fish was over cooked and stuck to my teeth.We opted to try the cheese platter for a supplemental $25 per person.Of the 5 perfectly presented desserts, my fave was the Strawberries and Mascarpone Cream with Brown Butter Cake and Strawberry Sorbet. As if that is not enough, they also served fresh tiny madelines and petite fours.Overall experience was great but I would not want to visit again because the meal didn't justify the price. At $300 per person, I had Fuji water only. I blame my own spoiled SF palate for the lack of excitement after the meal. The box of macaroon I walked away with was great for the late night snacking after some Vegas style partying.
4	This is a fantastic place.
5	in the last 8 years, we have only celebrated our friend's birthday once together.  which is really sad and why we went to alex for a special birthday dinner.alex is a swanky and gorgeous restaurant.  and even though it's one of the most expensive restaurants i have ever dined in, they make sure you are stuffed with french goodness when you are ready to leave.  the wine list is extensive and the mark-up high, but you really don't want to order too much wine here anyway. you need to have all your senses ready to experience the food.presentation, taste, texture is all excellent and done with care.  the foie gras was enormous and delicious as were the scallops.  my rack of lamb was perfectly cooked.  my meal ended with my favorite dish of the evening, the crunchy chocolate carmel bombe.  a dark chocolate heaven.  even though the tasting and prix fixe menu is set they are ready at a moment's notice to serve the customer.  my palate cleanser had mango in it (which i am allergic) and the waiter immediately whisked it away and presented me with a different palate cleanser- just as beautifully presented as the first set down before i even put my wine glass down.  they are knowledgeable about the food and even though alex could be a stuffy-stiff kind of place, the staff makes you feel welcome and comfortable.alex is a reason in itself to come to vegas and have a good time.
4	We shared a chef's table with two other couples recently at Alex.  The service was impeccable and to room was beautiful.  As for the food,  it was very good certainly but nothing too memorable.  I can only recall one course that I really enjoyed (lobster truffle pasta).  The wines( which we ordered a la carte instead of getting pairings) were good but had tremendous mark ups on them.  It was an interesting evening but not the best ever certainly.  FYI dinner for the two of us with gratuities hit 4 figures...The wife has forbidden a return visit.
5	I had a wonderful dinner at Alex a few weeks ago.  I dined alone, and was treated like royalty.  Corn risotto, seared foie gras and beef fillet were marevelous.  Brilliant wine pairings by the expert sommelier.  I wish I went to LV more often so I could regularly dine at Alex!
4	This fantastic restaurant inside Wynn surprised us.   The room was beautiful & the staff was incredible.    We had the tasting menu which most dishes was great.  The wine pairing is one of the best I've had.  Oh, and my wife fell in love with the little chairs for woman's purses, lol
4	Here's something interesting. Alex's beginning petite fours outshine their entire menu. Not to say that their tasting menu isn't superb; it is. But those four little bites in the beginning were probably the most memorable and creative eats I've had at any restaurant. AND Alex changes them constantly according to the season. With that said, there were a few quirks about my experience that left me slightly disappointed. After reading some of the other reviews here on Yelp regarding the toro and the lobster & black truffle pasta and salivating over the online tasting menu, I was quite appalled to discover that both of those items were removed from the menu at the time of our dining. The dishes that replaced them were good, but not particularly memorable. The one dish on the tasting that stood out the most for me by far was the sauteed foie gras. Now I've had my fair share of this sinful dish, prepared in numerous ways; hot, cold, pan seared, torchon, terrine, whatever. But Alex perfected this from the very first bite. Orgasm in your mouth. Absolutely amazing. Impeccable service and atmosphere as expected. Pictures of my experience can be found here: http://www.new.facebook.com/album.php?aid=2300467&l=34c15&id=3323362
5	Two beautiful young women simultaneously open the large wooden doors, one offering welcome and the other offering to take a picture;  this is how dinner began at Alex.  Entering the opulent dining room two more greeters appeared, one checking the reservation and the other escorting us down the staircase to our seats.  Arriving at our seats, another two individuals appeared, one to check my coat upstairs, the other to assist us with our chairs.  Water - crystal or sparkling?  Crystal.  "Very good, doctor."  To be fair, this meal was months in planning and my friend and I were upgraded to "VIP" status by a friend at the restaurant, but regardless of that fact the stellar service was above and beyond what was expected.Menus were received along with a wine list and approximately 5 minutes later the first course of canapes arrived from the kitchen.  As we browsed the menu and debated the stellar tasting vs. the incredible list of ingredients on the prix fixe the experience began with a scallop chip piled with otoro and caviar, a Berkshire bacon wrapped Granny Smith apple, roasted heirloom pepper soup, and a gruyere cheese puff.  While all four were absolutely sublime, particular favorites were the otoro and caviar with its fatty salty balance and crispy chip as well as the gruyere cheese puff which literally melted on the tongue and clung to the palate.After much perusal and debate, selections were made and the somellier stopped by to chat with my friend about wine pairings for the choices.  When my buddy admitted his naievety the somm, not pretentious in the least, suggested it was okay since he "just made it up as he went along."  Two wines were selected by the somm and my friend stated both were excellent, albeit $30+/glass.  After orders were taken, course two of canapes arrived including a Cucumber and salmon bouche,  Carrot and spicey ginger soup, a king crab BLT, and a torchon du Foie Gras with apricot and pistaccio.  Once again, all choices were explosive and dynamic with the carrot soup and its heavily layered flavors as well as the Foie presenting most prominently.  The foie was so good that it almost made me wish I'd selected it as an apetizer....almost.Breads and sweet butter next appeared consisting of four types served by our attendant.  Choices included Orange Rosemary Ciabatta, Buckwheat, Toasted Corn Bread, and Cranberry Sunflower seed.  Each selection was tried once with an additional slice of cranberry sunflower seed selected with my main and all were superb with their crunchy crust and moist/dense substance inside.  Just after bread, a final amuse arrived in the form of a Kampachi Rillet with raddish, daikon, and savoy cabbage slaw topped with lotus root over balsamic - creamy, sweet, acidic, and beautiful.For course one I selected the European blue lobster with Savoy Cabbage and Coral-Verbena Sauce while my friend chose the Napoleon of King Crab w/ Sweet Carrot Sauce, Jicama, Fuji Apple and Avocado.  Given the rarity of blue lobster, I simply could not resist the opportunity and honestly it may have been the best dish I have ever tasted.  More textured and sweet than its Maine counterpart, the butter poached tail rested atop whole claw similarly poached and wrapped in cabbage.  The whole presentation was then drizzled with an incredibly creamy yet savory sauce with a hint of vanilla.  It was mesmerizing.  While I cannot comment on the flavor of my friend's dishes, he claimed that the apple was the predominant flavor and secondarily the crab.  Regardless, it was beautifully presented and quite large in portion.  As part of our 'VIP' status we were next provided a second appetizer on the house, my friend receiving the Parmigiano Risotto w/ Roasted Porcini Mushrooms and Crispy Chicken Oysters and myself lucky enough to receive the Veal Sweetbread Piccata with Roasted Porcini Mushrooms, Parmigiano, Arugula.  While I missed the sweet component of other presentations, my dish was fantastic with two large pan-seared and crispy sweetbreads along side two enormous Porcinis and atop Arugula with shaved Parmigiano on top.  My friend's dish which he graciously allowed me to taste was incredible with a level of creaminess almost unfathomable and a texture of silky perfection offset only by the woodsy mushrooms and crunchy chicken.See profile site for full review with formatted pics.
5	The decor is elegant and cozy with abundant dark wood and warm colored fabrics as if  you're dining in a mansion. The attention to detail is definitely something to see and experience. The service is impeccable! Every employee is aware of his or her surroundings and more than happy to accommodate your every need or desire. The staff is well-trained and knowledgeable. If we so much as needed an extra glass or piece of silverware replaced, it was taken care of instantly.  Our waters were always filled, and when I attempted to remove my jacket at the table, a staff member immediately came over to help me with it. It was by far the best service we have ever experienced, but it should be expected at this price range. I would highly recommend ordering the tasting menu with wine-paring if your're not in a large party to order most courses to share. At a reduced price, they offer a vegetarian tasting menu with wine-pairing.  The wines were paired beautifully albeit at a hefty markup. Every dish was exquisitely prepared and seasoned perfectly. The Wagyu beef was perfectly marbled and melted in my mouth. We both had a different risotto dish, and both were full of flavor and prepared perfectly. The presentation and temperature of every dish were also spot on. A couple of the pastry items didn't impress us very much, but were still more than tasty. We also tried the cheese tray with wine and while it was good, it was a little over priced for what you get. Overall Alex offers a unique, memorable dining experience that I would recommend to anyone who doesn't mind parting with a significant amount of cash (over $850 for 2 including gratuity) and would appreciate top-notch food and insanely good service.
5	Pricey but worth it! i am not a big fan of foie gras.. but they cooked it perfectly here.
3	After having read the reviews on Yelp, I was extremely excited to go to Alex and indulge in fine dining. I mean, you are after all in Vegas! Price: $165 for a 3 courseMeal Options:  3 or 5 course fixed meal onlyWine: Extensive Wine List (A+)Dress: SophisticatedI'm sad to say though that my experience wasn't as good as some others in this forum. I have mixed feelings since some points were positive while others weren't so much. My boyfriend and I came here dressed up (suit and cocktail dress). The dinning room did look grand and sophisticated. It made me feeling like I'm in ballroom. I love the colors. The only thing I wasn't super fond of was the flowers all over curtains. I'm assuming they are fake flowers, not dried up flowers. It made the curtains look very tacky. I think the curtains by themselves would have done justice to the room as is. We weren't given an option to sit in the patio, but since it was cold, I didn't mind sitting indoors. Since I was indecisive about making a selection with what wine to go with, the waiter was kind enough to allow me to sample between two. It made a huge difference because the one I originally wanted to go with, I end up not liking it as much. After we picked our pre-fixed selections, we were given a sampler, courtesy of the chief.  It was yummy and very kind of them. But I later noticed that everyone in the room got one courtesy of the chief so it didn't really feel that special anymore. But that's okay, I was still very happy with it. The scallop soup was my boyfriend's favorite. I liked them all though because they were all so different. Just a note, I think this sampler isn't always the same. Another yelper had something else.1st Course: AppetizerThe oysters were beautifully placed on a huge bed of salt. It was delicious.The lobster was slightly over cooked and my boyfriend wasn't too happy about that. He feels that for what you're paying, everything should be perfect. There should be no oversight.2nd Course: Main CourseThe Rabbit and Veal were delicious. At this point of the evening, Alex came out and greeted every party individually. That was really cool to see the chef.3rd Course: DessertWow is the best word to describe it. We had a lot of dessert. Alex was kind enough to give us a platter of different types of dessert aside from what we ordered. The Madelines were really good and soft. It was warm, like it was just out of the oven. We ordered the Malted Chocolate and Banana Napoleon and it was okay. The Roasted Pineapple Basque with Vanilla Crisps and Coconut Sorbet was really good and I do recommend that.At the time of reservation, I did let the operator know that my boyfriend and I were celebrating our anniversary. At the end of our meal, they gave us a dessert with a little cracker saying "Happy Anniversary". That was very sweet of them. A Yelper mentioned that they received macarons when they left Alex. I got the same thing so I was super excited to try it. I'm sad to say, but it just wasn't good. I've had macarons at different places before and it just doesn't even come close to comparing. I do like the variety, but it was dry. I let my expert Macaron friend try it too, and she said it wasn't good either.Overall, I have mixed reviews of this restaurant. It was good, but it wasn't great. Like another yelper said, "it was good, but not memorable". I think if the food was more consistent, I would give it a higher rating. The service was terrific and I did really enjoy the ambiance. I especially liked that they had a little chair for my bag. That was very classy. My boyfriend said he had better fine dining experiences at another restaurant which costs about the same. As a result, I'm giving it 3 and 1/2 stars. I guess I have high expectations of Alex, but who wouldn't for fine dining?
5	Superb.A grand, luxurious dining room.Meticulous and attentive staff.Food that should be displayed in a museum.Wifey and I were absolutely floored by our meal at Alex.  This is a place that leaves nothing to chance, the wait-staff obviously make it a personal mission to go above and beyond your expectations.From the minute we were seated in that gorgeous dining hall, no less than seven different staff members rushed over to do their thing.  While that sounds intimidating, their movements were so well-choreographed and smooth, that they were barely even perceptible... unless you're paying attention.  Since I'm a nosy busy-body, here's my count:1) Maitre'd escorts us to table.2) Two staff members pull our seats.3) Another staff is placing wifey's purse on a cutesy (and completely over-the-top) velveteen footstool.4) Someone is placing napkins on our laps.5) Water-boy is filling glasses.6) Waiter is standing at attention with menus.Hot damn!  A guy could get used to service like this.  The attention makes me a little melancholy and reminds me that wifey would never cater to me like this... sigh.We order the signature tasting menu and let the wave of food hit us.The amuse bouche was something else.  Friggin' modern art on a plate.  From there, things got only better.  I'd describe the menu as contemporary and seasonal, with a heavy emphasis on French technique.Ended the meal with a flurry of desserts, petite fours, hand-made chocolates, and fresh baked madeleines.  Almost exploded from too much food.A very memorable meal, and the best service we've experienced in the western united states.
5	This is the best place I've even dined at!! Service was professional and made us feel comfortable. We had the Rose' champagne and it fit our expectation of less sweetness and great smell. I had the crab appetizer, sea bass entree and caramelized biscuit course. They were all fresh and impressively cooked. But I would recommend crunchy chocolate as dessert as my BF did. It was made with bitter chocolate and tasted sophisticated. They also made wonderful bread and serve additional appetizer and dessert. It deserved the price we paid. It is the place if you want to indulge yourself or treat someone important to you. We had a wonderful experience here. Thank you, Alex in Wynn!!
5	I could say a lot of things about Alex, both positive and negative, but I think the stars say it all.  An extremely enjoyable experience, from the extraordinarily knowledgeable staff to the exquisite food, that should not be missed if you are so fortunate.
5	The food was memorable and the price was reasonable ($130 for 6 courses).  Service was great. Dining room was elegant.
5	Great restaurant and great food.  We had prefix and the waiter was nice enough to allow us to substitute.  Truly one of the best restaurant around.
5	As the owner of an upscale restaurant I told myself I would not write reviews for other restaurants.  That being said I feel my expereince at Alex was the finest dining experience of my life.  Every aspect of the restaurant from the service, food. and decor was nothing less then impressive.  The GM went out of his way to give us a personal tour and the Chef sent us all sorts delights above beyond what we had ordered.I also enjoyed dining in a restaurant where I did not feel out of place by wearing a suit.  As my grandma would say "it aint cheap" but definalty a restaurant that everyone should experience.
2	I could not contain my excitement for the Valentine's Day meal that I booked at Alex based on the fabulous reviews on yelp, and from the restaurant's website. Oh, I cannot tell you how disappointing this meal was. First of all, I figured on a $300-400 meal-it was almost $700. And the meal was just not good. 2 out of my 3 courses were pretty bad. We actually heard other diners saying the same thing. I ordered butter-poached lobster that was tough and bland. My husband ordered the seafood linguine appetizer that he said was "OK." For my entree, I had the veal loin which WAS good. My husband had the short ribs which he, again, said were "OK." I finished with a carrot cake with sauteed apples which I didn't even EAT. My husband had the caramel chocolate bomb, which HE didn't even eat--I ate that while he enjoyed the two scoops of ice cream he requested along with the cake. Several of the amuse bouche were very tasty, but for that much money, I really expected a pretty mind-blowing dinner...and it wasn't even good. Picasso, Aureole, Nobu...all these are so much better and far less expensive.
4	The menu has two sides. On the left is a 7-course tasting menu which can be paired with wine. On the right, there is an array of appetizers, entrees, and desserts in which you can choose to form a pre-fixe dinner. My husband and I mulled over our decisions, because although we had our hearts set on the tasting menu, there were a few things that caught our eyes on the right side. One of our waiters said they could do tasting portions of any items, and what ended up happening was they fit what we chose on the right into our tasting menu so that our courses would go from light items to rich items. Good call.Our meal began with our choice of bread and we each received a plate of chef's tasting "amuse bouches". This was given to all the diners, and it included ahi tuna on shrimp toast, apple wrapped in prosciutto, smoked salmon on a chickpea square, a creamy-buttery soup with pistachios, and a soft-cheese filled pastry (insert Homer Simpson drool sound here). A nice surprise and tasty.Next came our our tasting menu:Yellowtail sashimi with yuzu lemon and caviar: a little fishy, I think because of the caviar, but I liked it. All one bite of it.Crispy king crab eggroll with avocado mousse and baby arugula: I thought this was a good combination with the sweetness of the crab and the avocado with the bitterness of the arugula. They definitely fried the shell first and stuffed it with crab afterwards, because it was very delicate. This was one of the items we chose from the right side of the menu, and I thought it was refreshing and great.Scallops with bibb lettuce in lettuce foam: Scallops were cooked perfect and full of flavor. And lettuce foam? The waiter explained that the chef didn't like to waste flavors and used the juice from the sauteed bibb lettuce to make the foam. Genius. Yes, it looks a little like green spit, but it's different, you know?Turbot on soy-glazed vegetables: this was a cut of whitefish cooked perfectly with some soy glazed vegetables. I thought this was well-cooked, but nothing really stood out about it.Squid ink fettuccine with abalone and uni in uni sauce: this was another appetizer we were interested in trying from the right side of the menu.  The squid ink fettuccine tasted just like regular fettuccine, but was just black from the ink. The uni had a really strong flavor and I found it was better to cut in up and mix it with the rest of the pasta. I had never had abalone before, which is a sea snail, and the texture reminded me of calamari. This is a very original dish.Seared fois gras with grapes and port reduction: absolutely decadent, as fois gras normally is. As I was eating it, it would melt in my mouth so fast that I would barely get a chance to taste it. More please, more!Wagyu shortribs, onion compote, and horseradish potatoes: my favorite part of the meal. Once I bit into the shortribs, it was like I had small orgasm in my mouth. The meat was tender and flavorful. The horseradish potato was also wonderful. It kinda looked like a McDonald's hash brown to me, the way they shaped it on the plate, but after taking a bite of it, I was immediately wondering how I could possibly recreate it at home. Definitely the highlight of the night.Marscapone panna cotta with semillion jelly and pear: I believe this was a dessert, but it was so light, and a great palette cleanser. My husband and I enjoyed this very much and gave our kudos to the pastry chef. She definitely knows what she's doing.Lemon meringues with grapefruit and toasted coconut marshmallow topping: yippee! I haven't eaten a lot of meringues in my life, but these lemon meringues were light and tangy and so enjoyable to eat. The grapefruit dish with the toasted marshmallow was okay, but I guess it pairs well with the meringue. Next came a basket of fresh baked madelines, 4 assorted chocolates and 5 assorted pastries: this was not listed on the tasting menu, but every diner received these. The fresh baked madelines were a nice touch. The pastries were comprised of various chocolate, vanilla and strawberry desserts. The chocolates were nice, but we were so full my now we couldn't eat everything. I also ordered a cappuccino, which had a little too much foam for my liking, but hit the spot. I always like to have a little coffee fix after a big meal. As we were leaving they also gave us a small box of macarons, which is a french sandwich-style cookie.The wine that was served with each course was paired well. The service here is what you would expect from a high-end French restaurant. Our meal, with tip, came out to over $800. My jaw dropped. It was the most expensive meal we had ever had. My husband just smiled and said Happy Valentine's Day. I knew there was a reason why I married him. I know this restaurant has high accolades, but it wasn't the best French restaurant i've been too (I give that honor to L'Auberge in Carmel). But overall a good dinner and I would recommend to anyone you just won in the casino!
4	We ate at Alex on 2/15/09. The dining room was beautiful and the staff attentive and very knowledgeable. My girlfriend and I both opted for the standard three course prix fix with the added option of the cheese plate. Every detail was first rate and meticulously attended to. There was an amouse bouche before the first course then a complementary intermezzo.  The entrees came out, which were wonderful followed by another intermezzo. The only disappointment was the cheese plate at a staggering $30 supplement, there was no selection to choose from, only a set plate composed by the chef. Daniel's in the same casino has a larger cheese selection to choose from at the same price. More complementary small plates then desserts. The check came with a plate of petit fours and a small box of macaroons were handed as we departed. The total bill came to $540 with 3 cocktails, 2 glasses of wine, and 2 digestifs with a cappuccino. A 20% tip brought the total to $650, an outrageous sum in today's economy but definitely worth it for a special occasion.
5	I would only expect Alex to present a little espresso/rum/marscapone surprise in a little glass cup to "pick-me-up" after a LAVISH and FILLING dinner. This has set the bar for my quest to find really good tiramisu, but I'm afraid I have already found the best before my quest even began...more about the WONDERFUL food and ambiance later...
3	There was nothing fabulously wrong with our meal here.  However, there was really nothing over the top fabulously right either.  In a nutshell, the meal was an average fine dining experience.Mainly, this was because of the cost.  A 3-course meal that is $165 breaks down to $55 a course.  At least, that's the way I look at it.  Were all 3 courses worth $55?  Well, no.  Normally, a course not being amazing might be overlooked, but if the restaurant only serves 3 courses, I think it not unreasonable to expect all 3 to be excellent.The meal started with some canapes.  These were, for the most part, delicious.  I say for the most part, because the last one was this weird exploding in my mouth cheese thingy that was a bit weird and unexpected.  My mom, however, loved it.The best course, the one most enjoyed by the whole table, by far, was the appetizer course.  I ordered the veal sweetbreads, which came with ravioli and truffle shavings.  The flavors complemented each other and the sweetbreads were cooked perfectly.  For the next course, I ordered duck.  While good, it was just duck with some quince paste.  It was nothing special.  In fact, it's not sticking out in my memory really at all.  That's the problem.  For a $55 course, I should have been trying to lick my plate clean; that's how good I expect it to be.I was the most disappointed in the dessert.  Perhaps I didn't order the right thing.  I ordered the chocolate bombe, mostly cause I love chocolate and the only other chocolate thing on the menu had bananas, which I don't like. The bombe is very chocolately indeed.  It is also very crunchy.  And hard to eat.  Did I mention it is crunchy?  It is encased in this hard shell that I had to whack really hard with my spoon to break open.  Then the inside mousse had more crunchy things stuck in it.Now, a caveat.  Currently, Alex is also offering a special tasting menu, in response to the financial armageddon sweeping the world.  This is a 3-course menu for about $100.  My sister got this menu.  I think if I had partaken of this menu, I would have given the place 4 stars.  The quality of the food, even though it was the same as the quality of my food, on this menu better matched the price.The service was superb.  The wait staff was very attentive.  They were very accomodating and created a little wine pairing for us, even though we did not order the 7-course tasting menu, which is what the wine pairing usually accompanies.  The wines were excellent, very well-chosen and perfectly suited our food.  I really do wish I had liked this place better, but in the end, it is not a place I would gladly splurge on again.
3	I would say for a few bills this place could be a 4 star. $750 (for 2 people) before tip 3 star! I wouldn't mind the price if there was something to back it up.I really wasn't impressed by anything. It was nice but there are way too many better places for less.
4	I think we had a seven course meal that included some decent foie gras and a delicious piece of wagyu.The staff let us substitute one of the courses with a truffle dish, and gave us a huge portion of black truffle for no additional charge.Service was impeccable.  Great ambiance.Total bill for four was probably $1200 or so but that included a bottle of champagne and some wine.If you are going to check out Alex, then do it right and go all out.  Do the wine pairings and do the full menu.
3	I had the 7-course tasting menu with wine pairing. I can't fault this place for the food-- it is creative and very, very good. Everything was delicious, and the wines were equally as impressive. The service was also very good, but not great.But I absolutely cannot give a restaurant a good rating when I walk away feeling like I was just ripped off-- badly. And both people I was with completely agreed. The prices they charge here are totally outrageous. It was only 7 courses, and the portions were TINY, and I simply didn't feel like I got my money's worth whatsoever. I was annoyed enough at the tiny portions, but when one of my "main courses" of short ribs came out and one of the two miniscule pieces was 95% fat, I wanted to scream (and I don't mind fat one bit, but this was ridiculous to serve!). Maybe if you just won a ton of money at the casino, or just have the urge to blow a ton of cash, then maybe you won't mind paying waaaay more than you should. But take this into account: You can literally eat at The French Laundry, perhaps the best restaurant in the country, and have a mind-blowing THIRTEEN course meal (plus extras) for as much, if not less money. And I'm speaking from experience. And you will definitely not feel ripped off like you will here. I would never, ever come back here unless they came down to earth on the prices. But I guess if you can keep getting suckers to keep paying that kind of money more power to you.
4	The thing about this place is, I went here after winning couple of grand at the Casino.  So dropping $900 for food wasn't an issue.  We had a good time, the cousine was creative and unique. I am big on small portions but many diffrent courses, so this satisfied all my cravings.The prices can be a little high but this is a once in a blue moon place.
2	Ok yelpers, I have to say you let me down on this one!  My friend and I dined here after exhaustive research on "the best" dining in Vegas.  I even got gussied up and wore a tux.  At any rate.  Now I expected something stellar given the 2 michelin stars--usually a pretty good indicator of quality.  I have to say it was fair at best.  I'm pretty much a snot when it comes to fine dining, as my gustatory sensation was developed in NYC.  I've experienced Keller, Georges, Ripert, Daniel and THOSE chefs are the epitome of true fine dining.  So I have to say Alex did nowhere near the quality of the those guys.  Firstly, the service was a bit clumsy.  I saw the sommelier serving food, and the server pouring wine.  It was a bit disturbing in such a "fine dining establishment."  My friend and I had the tasting menu, but were thoroughly disappointed in the food and overwhelmingly disappointed in the wine paring.  Regarding the food, it was totally salty--not a big deal, but I NOTICED that it was salty, not that the food was bad, but I was nowhere near blown away--and for basically 150$ per course I should have been.  The wine pairing was just crap.  A bunch of California blends--nearly all whites, that smelled and tasted like sweat.  DO NOT get the wine pairing if you get the tasting menu.  In fact, save your 700 ducks and go somewhere else.  If you are JUST DYING to try Alex, my suggestion is to get the 3 course fixe prix and just choose a nice bottle of wine.  The exhorbant price tag does not justify the experience.  I have never regretted spending a large amount of money on fine dining until now.
5	My husband and I really enjoyed our meal at Alex this past weekend.  First off, let's just say that we're usually not huge Las Vegas cuisine fans because it's often expensive celebrity chefs with diluted service and food quality...we've been to MANY top notch restaurants in vegas but found that they paled in comparison to their original counterparts (take note Michael Mina).  Anyway, Alex was one of the best meals we've tasted so far in Sin City.  The food was inventive, but didn't try hard to be so.  And they had superb service.  We had originally sat down at Wynn's Bartolotta, but was drinkless 30 minutes after we sat down (what???).  So we left Bartolotta and opted to dine with Alex.  The best decision of the night.  The staff went out of their way to make the experience special, even packed specially made desserts for us so that we could make our show on time.  While it's not cheap, the food and service was worth the splurge.
5	Been here twice and each time I had the tasting menu.  I will say first that the staff is just unbelievable!  The service is really top notch.  One time I had the tasting menu with wine and once without.  Each time the food was really an experience.  Not everything was great in terms of taste, but I appreciate trying different things.  Just because it doesn't particularly please my pallette doesn't mean its not good food.  If you can afford it and you really want to make someone feel special go here.
3	Ok.. I know that Las Vegas is expensive but this place is ridiculous! I could easily get much better food for a much smaller price anywhere else in the country.. say SF, Manhattan, or even LA. When you consider how much my meal cost and truly break it down by course, there's NO WAY any sane person could think it's worth it. I had the 3 course prix-fixe which cost $160. That means each one of my courses had to be worth around $50 and I can assure you, they were not. But then again, if you like places that have miniature stools/ chairs for your purse (I kid you not.. my bag sat on it's own chair), then this place is for you.I started off with the Squid Ink fettuccine and it was by far my favorite dish of my meal. It was incredibly tasty with the uni and completely unique. That being said, would I ever pay $50 to eat it again.. hmm.. maybe if I was a millionaire and could waste my money whenever I felt like it. My next course was the stuffed and rolled rabbit and while it was good, it wasn't my favorite. It was extremely rich and a little too creamy for my liking. And then finally, I had the apple tart or whatever it was, and I think I could easily have made that thing myself or ordered it at your everyday bakery and then slapped some random ice cream on it. Not impressed with their desserts at all! I would definitely choose to eat at some other place next time (especially because I could eat AT LEAST 2, possibly 4 or 5 other amazing meals for this price).
4	I have dined at Alex twice, with different experiences. Both times the food was excellent, although I enjoyed it more the first time. The dining experience is not for the budget conscious, to be sure, but the service is wonderful from beginning to end. From the warm greeting at the door, to the infamous purse stool, to the non-stuffy sommelier, and ending with a box of macaroons on the way out, from beginning to end the staff at Alex pampers you.The food is solid, contains interesting innovations, and portions are decently sized, especially for a tasting menu. The dining room itself is stunning and makes for a very enjoyable evening.
4	I came here with my parents to celebrate my mom's birthday a few months ago. At the time, it was my first time going to a restaurant with 2 Michelin stars and I was DEFINITELY wowed! The ambience is lovely. Grand staircase, dim-lit, very spacious, pretty quiet and sophisticated, the whole place is amazing. Service was excellent! They even gave me a little stool next to my seat just for my purse!For dinner, I had the 7-course tasting menu and each course was superb. I can honestly say that I liked every single dish.. maybe not LOVED, but definitely liked. The reason why I give Alex only 4 stars and not 5 is because although it is a really nice restaurant with not one but TWO Michelin stars, in hindsight after going to other restaurants with these highly coveted Michelin stars, I think this is at the bottom of my list, judging by the amount we paid. It is incrediblyyyy expensive! I felt guilty paying so much for just one dinner! I saw the bill and all I could think of was how much clothes I could have bought with that money on a crazy shopping spree!! (or donate to charity of course!) :P I mean, although the food WAS great, I don't think it was completely worth the steep price. All in all, it was an amazing experience but I wouldn't come here a second time... unless someone else was paying. ;) But then again... I'd probably tell them to save it for something more worth all their hard-earned money.
5	This place is out of this world. Chef Alex is a genius and the service was excellent. This place ranks up there with the service and food that we had at the French Laundry. It was superb. We went there for our 10 th anniversary meal. We had researched about 50 places in Vegas and did we ever hit a winner. The Risotto starter was lovely with these tiny crispy chicken pieces with this juicy crispy skin called chicken oysters...heavenly. The amuse bouche was a delight to they eye and the palette. My main meal was lovely except that there was liver somewhere on the plate and I just moved that aside. The wait staff were accommodating and helpful. Each tantalizing extra that came to the table was better than the next. The dessert was lovely and fresh and so pretty to look at. I had forgotten that we had told them it was our anniversary and we received a cake wishing us on our celebration. The delicious extra desserts just kept showing up at the table including freshly baked Madeline's. I loved the crazy little chair for the purses and I loved it when they pulled up an extra for our left over dessert. The topper was when they handed us the little box of fresh macaroons as we left. The whole evening was superb. We cannot stop talking about it. My husband has always treated me to great places like this and this is up there with other memorable events like dinner on the beach in Kauai and the French Laundry. Chef Alex raised the bar and he has got us seeking out 2 Michelin stars. We are off to try Manresa in a few weeks. Our advantage is that we do not drink so we save a ton on these bills...although that Alex Bill was still hefty. My dream is to have Chef Alex living in my kitchen...A girl can dream.
5	Where do I even begin...This was my very first fine dining experience. I was wowed to no end. When we entered, I felt as though I was in a palace in a different country; there was a grand staircase falling into the dimly lit seating area. Our waiter was amazing - treated us like queens and made sure everything was as perfect as possible. And a Bay Area native! ;)We tried the "regular" menu but added the wine tasting option. From the get-go we were handed exquisite appetizers - tuna tartar, duck on a cracker, cheese and cracker, octopus!, goat cheese tarts!!(Don't mind my lack of culinary lingo...)For my dishes, I got lobster tail in a cream sauce, red snapper with other stuff along with a coconut foam (so crazy tasting!! delicious), and salmon with beans and other goodness.This was all paired with GLORIOUS wine... and we got the cheese platter after our meal. It was just amazing... they had goat cheeses, cow cheese and sheep cheese, all paired with a sweet complement. Didn't ask for dessert, but the chef sent some out to us anyway.Our bill including tip came out to be around $550 for two. But it was completely worth it - completely!!!My review does Alex absolutely no justice. It is just an amazing experience altogether, and all held beautifully at the Wynn.I guess the funny part is that someone told me the chef was someone who won Hell's Kitchen. That's what brought us to Alex... then we found that it was not the truth at all. Ignorance brings bliss... always at the best time :)
3	Sad to say this, as the meal I had here was very disappointing. The prixe fixe meal was forgettable. I guess I came on a bad day? The food was just ok, nothing really spectacular. I had expected to be wowed, but it didn't even come close. So 3 stars for the excellent service and decent desserts.
5	Good god this place was amazing. The food, the ambiance, the wait service. Everything.The little chef's samplers that they serve between meals is the best thing about Alex. Oh, and their pastry chef makes some AMAZING desserts. We were celebrating my birthday, so the pastry chef sent out some small cakes that were to die for.The sommelier is a crazy awesome dude. Kind of weird though. He kept smelling the wine.
5	Its beautiful in every way, food, service, dining room.
5	Amazing food, beautiful dining room, great service. We got the tasting menu, 7 courses, $185. However they did give 2 additional "courses"....an additional appetizer in the beginning and candy/deserts at the end. Including some wine and tip, our meal for 2 ended up to be about $530. Well worth it!I love all our servers but one. I don't remember his name, but there's this one Asian server in a suit there that's just pompous...don't ask him any questions.
2	Wow. Thoroughly disappointed. I really wish it could have been better guys... lo siento. So what Alex has a bizillion star rating? So what Alex has all this hype?! Do not waste your time or moolah! You walk in and the restaurant is beautifully done and classic with high vaulted ceilings and plush seating... however, I am not going to eat somewhere for the decor. You better be damned if I am going to pay $285 or so dollars for my own tasting menu paired with wine... that ends up just being blah. I have to say that the staff and servers were incredibly nice, and the meal was paced well. But,  what good does pacing do if every course is not even close to perfection? Sadly, my favorite thing about the meal was the palate cleansing Tapioca, right before the dessert. I'm not kidding... that was actually delicious. If you want to leave with $600 less in your pocket, unsatisfied, and still hungry... by all means... please try Alex.  Sorry Steve Wynn, you've failed on this one.
5	I am amazed that some people will give Alex 2-3 stars, and then rate something equivalent of McDonalds with 5 stars. Pretentious? Probably.My experience at Alex followed a night at Robuchon, so that was tough to beat. However, I believe that Alex came through. They are both different establishments, and they each have their strengths. Alex is not Robuchon (one Michelin star less) but in Yelp scale it certainly deserves 5 stars.The service is amazing. The decor is beautiful. The tasting menu which I had was exceptionally tasteful and well put together. The pairing of the wine, following the sommelier's advice, was spot on. If you've dined in Michelin restaurants you know what to expect. Alex deserves his 2 stars, but no more. I didn't try anything which challenged my imagination or felt like it reinvented traditional flavors. So, I would agree with Michelin (if you're paying any attention to that) regarding the number of stars.For those who dine in Alex as a cure for a Las Vegas hangover, please do yourself a favor and go to an In-n-Out.
5	Ohhhh I miss the Foi Gras and the chocolates (although I was stuffed by the time chocolates came). Every dish was like a pleasant surprise. Even the bread that came w/ the dinner was fantastic (there were 4 different choices of bread and the server brings them to you). Service was impeccable (they fold your napkin nicely when you walk away for any reason and they use a nice little stand for the ladys to place their purses). This is the best Michelin restaurant that I had. I highly recommend for going with their prefix menu!!
5	It would be impossible to break down each dish from the full tasting menu with wine pairing, suffice it to say it was perfection.
5	I heart Alex! A good dinning experience should be the good food + the good mood.  I enjoyed both of them in Alex. Alex really serves delicate food,  my bf and I tried both of their tasting menus, one menu has more courses than another. We had red wine, too. This place is very pricey, around $400 for two(can't remember exactly), but worth it. Plus, they are friendly and caring enough to surprise you with special anniversary dessert, as sweet as the cookie bag they give the customers before leave. The cookies are a little bit too sweet.Uploaded some photos.Oobtw, they do charge in advance while you making reservation. So have the credit card ready.
2	I can't believe this is a 2 star Michelin rated restaurant. My husband and I had the tasting menu here and felt we had better food at restaurants that aren't even rated. I give it 2 stars - one for outstanding service (as to be expected) and one for the good desserts (minus the macaroons b/c we had better ones at the McDonald's in France!). Other than that, there was only ONE dish on the tasting menu that was good (not great, good), and that was the lobster linguine with one piece of uni on top. The rest of the dishes were either blah or made me feel like I was about to have a heart attack. The foie gras and wagu beef were both so fatty that I couldn't even finish either of them. 4 strips of wagu beef, and I struggled to eat 2 of them. Way too much fat that I can clearly SEE and taste in it. Ugh, even thinking about it now makes me want to puke. The only highlight of the night was that Kelly Ripa and Regis Philbin were sitting behind us! Other than that, I can easily say that we will never waste our money here again. So not worth it!!!
5	Amazing works of art from chef Stratta!  He's as talented as he is humble.  The staff are so friendly and knowledgeable and the food just speaks for it's self.  Kudos to Alex and his team!
2	Soooo not worth it...The decor is beautiful and elegant and the service is great but the food on the other hand is another story....Came here on valentines day 2009. There were only two things memorable about that evening - the little purse bench (too cute) and their palate cleanser (and I'd prefer to go to fleur for that too!!) hah!!  On the upside...won our dinner money back and some at the tables! =P
3	Forgettable food indeed. However, decor and setting is very romantic, service was good.The only reason I'm giving it 3stars was because the whole meal was complimentary.
4	We tried Alex after being so blown away by L'Atelier's. The first thing to note here is that they DO accommodate vegetarians and do so very well. The minute we sat down one of the waiters pointed out they are aware of it and asked me what foods would be ok for me. That was very appreciated because usually us vegetarians are afterthoughts and usually we feel like we're not really welcomed. :)I had a 6 course tasting menu for $110 which was, in my opinion, a really good deal.The food was excellent, but very different from L'Atelier. Alex is a lot more traditional and thus, the food is a lot richer. We weren't super hungry when we arrived and we weren't able to finish everything, sadly. When we got to the pastries at the end they also brought us an anniversary cake which was very appreciated (and delicious) but too much on top of the rich food we had just eaten.The vegetarian tasting menu started with a series of small amuse bouche which included an absolutely delicious pepper soup and a white truffle bite that was also excellent. The other 2 were made with rich cheese. These were good but not on the same level as the previously mentioned. This was all concluded with an apple-based palette cleanser that felt like champagne and was delicious.The 2nd dish was a very light parsnip "mousse" with pomegranate and a touch of salad. The flavors of the mousse and salad were subtle and the fruit gave it a nice refreshing touch. A good way to start a meal.The 3rd dish was garlic and butter gnocchi with a salad of spinach with mushrooms and parmesan cheese. The gnocchi were like soft little pillows that melt in your mouth.. very tasty and perfectly cooked. The salad was also very tasty and the combination of flavors worked very well together. The 4th dish was a potato cake with salad and vegetables along with a brocoli puree. There was also this small cherry tomato skin that was absolutely mind-blowing. I still don't know what they put on it but it was one of the best bites of food i've ever had. Overall it was very tasty, well balanced, and rich of course. :)The 5th dish was a fruity tomato mostardo on a small and thin pancake. This was excellent on every level. The mostardo was sooo delicious.. it tasted of sweet and toasty flavors along with a very rich flavor of tomato that made you want more and more. It makes me salivate just typing about it. Delicious dish.The 6th and main dish was a "steak" of mushroom along with fruit compotte along with carrot puree, beets, radish, and a couple of other small veggies to go along with it. This plate was one of the most beautiful I've ever seen. A real piece of art. I felt bad destroying it but even when I was done my wife mentioned it STILL looked like an art piece. I don't really like mushrooms usually but this was very good. A real tour de force in terms of balancing strong earthy flavors with vegetables and fruit. It worked very well together and the portion was perfect.The 7th dish was the best dessert we've ever had. It was a light pudding of coconut and another ingredient I forget with a bed of delicious pearls of fruits and jelly. The whole was topped with thin wafer that you could break into it. This was like sex in a cup. Incredibly intense fruit flavors paired with the toastiness of the coconut.. It was almost as good as sex. Really.The 8th dish was a vanilla cake with maple ice cream and a sugar "wafer" on top, with a bed of pear under the cake. I'd say this was the only low point of the meal as I am not a fan of maple syrup desserts. It felt a bit too rich after the meal we just had and I wonder why they wouldn't serve the fruit cup after this dessert as it would feel more natural to end the meal on a light note. It was good ,just not really my type of flavors.Finally, the 9th dish. Another dessert, this time it was a series of 5 pastry bites along with macarons. All of them were excellent and very fresh. The ones that stood out the most were the rhum and the strawberry/cream pastries. Very delicious. The macarons were also insanely good.As mentioned before they also brought us an anniversary cake which was very good. It was a light and fluffy vanilla cake with cream on top and a 'happy anniversary" medallion on top. In the end we couldn't finish the pastries and cake so they packed them up for us (in tupperware might I add) and also gave us some meringue "bites" on our way out which were very good..The service was incredible throughout the meal. The waiters were very classy without being arrogant and were attentive without being too stuffy. I would have tipped them a lot more if our final bill wasn't $340 ;)Overall, excellent food full of flavor and richness, even for a vegetarian. Great service and beautiful decor. Is it worth the price? Absolutely. Dining at Alex is an experience on its own and is worth experiencing, at least once. Do yourself a favor and go for it.
4	Had a couple of dinners at Alex over the last couple of years. Richly appointed ( didn't miss the Vegas neon lights ) dining room. Lots of space (well designed), tall ceilings (like I am on the French Riviera), opulent (ooops I said it again), but in an old world kinda way. Food was excellent and well paced, fantastic presentation, polished service. Definitely NOT a place to go if you are a fan of  Vegas buffets, or if you think Chanterelle Mushrooms were named after your first girl friend. They take the attire thing seriously, which keeps out the stained tank top crowd (although the pricing takes care of that as well). Had a funny encounter the first time at Alex when the "hostess" (not the Maitre de) greeted us and looked up and down. My friend was wearing a stunning embroidered silk  Versace outfit with open toe, admittedly kinda sandal like Armani shoes.  Maybe a fashion fopah (sp?) to wear Versace with Armani, but hey this is Vega, not Milan. These were not " flip flops ". Hostess very seriously said, I'm sorry but no open toe shoes are allowed at Alex.  My friend very seriously and calmly said, please bring the manager to me. Mr Manager appears and kindly instructed the hostess to go check on something.  Apologizing, saying they are working on the training folks like her. The wait staff  and dining experience are superior.
4	Really exceptional food. Ask for the vegetarian menu! Not only is it cheaper than the regular menu, but it tastes better!
4	There are a lot of gorgeous dining rooms in Las Vegas, but none more dramatic than Alex. Want to impress a date? Take her (him) here, get the tasting menu, and let Paolo the Master Sommelier pair wines. If that doesn't get you a 'yes,' give up.
5	I read somewhere about Chef Alex saying that he wanted Alex to be your favorite French restaurant. To be honest, Alex is one of my top 3 favorite French restaurants. I highly recommend dining here at least once. When I called in for reservations, the delightful Wynn customer service rep. took down our information and also noted that we were celebrating an anniversary. I mentioned to her that I had a wonderful chocolate cake a few years back to celebrate the hubby's birthday and was wondering if it would be available again. I have to admit, the information that is saved on the Wynn's customer service database is not only detailed, the staff knows how to use the information. After all, what's the point in saving information when it won't be utilized? Upon our arrival, the staff greeted us and thanked us for returning. I was a bit surprised when they mentioned us dining here for hubby's 40th birthday. Even if they were reading it off the database, it was great to feel remembered. Nice touch - the Alex staff is expertly trained. Since we were celebrating years of coupledom, Hubby and I decided to try the tasting menu with the wine pairings, six courses with six different wines - which I have to admit - even for a wine lover as myself - that's a heck of a lot of wine for me to drink ... but, hey, we're celebrating, right? We usually order a bottle of wine to go with our meals, but decided to live dangerously and drink what the sommelier has paired with our meal. Speaking of the sommelier - I forgot his name, but he was once again, very lovely and recalled speaking with us about Napa Valley wines on our last visit.  Our tasting menu brings back wonderful memories:- Heirloom Tomato and Octopus Carpaccio with Parlsey Puree, Brioche Croutons and Osetra Caviar- Butter Poached Maine Lobster with Sweet Corn Custard, Chanterelle Mushrooms and Coral Butter- Dover Sole with Artichoke Puree, Fresh Black Truffles, Crispy Potato Cake and Lobster Red Wine- Veal Sweetbreads with Puff Pastry, Swiss Chard, Fresh Plums and Toasted Almonds- Japanese Wagyu Strip Lion with Pommes Dauphine, Wild Mushrooms and Sauce Bordelaise- Coconut Tapioca with Tropical Fruit- Toasted Vanilla Custard with Maple Poached Peaches and Creme Fraiche Ice CremeUpon ordering our tasting menus, I asked if I could replace the veal sweetbreads with something else ... our server graciously accommodated my fussiness and allowed me to have the foie gras on the regular menu. The star of the meal was the lobster with sweet corn custard. Oh my gawd! This dish gave me an foodgasm that had my toes curled and eyes rolling to the back of my head. It was paired with white wine from Camp Four Vineyard that amazingly augmented the dish into the heavens above. Alas, I cried, can it get any better than this? I know wine and food go hand in hand, but never in my life had I experienced such a wonderfully exquisite moment that left me speechless. Hubby joked with one of our lovely servers, Ryder, asking for more lobster. He was joking, of course, but if more were available, we would have definitely jumped on the opportunity. The foie gras dish was sublime. It was paired with a sweet Greek white wine that cut through the rich fattiness of the dish and cleansed my palate in preparation for the next exquisite bite.  I was extremely tickled when our server brought out the mini chocolate cake that I had fallen in love with on our first visit. What a beautiful way to end such a lovely evening. Alex isn't cheap - almost $300/per person for the tasting menu with wines, so save it for when you have something to celebrate. But seriously, this level of food, wine and service is worth it. You're paying for an experience, not just a meal. Great food, awesome wines, beautiful decor, and excellent, well-trained staff make Alex a great destination point that you have to experience - at least once or twice in a lifetime.
5	Alex is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, but don't forget your wallet because it costs a pretty penny. I have been to Alex a couple of times and they never disappoint. I typically go with their tasting menu that changes from season to season. One of my favorite dishes is their foie gras. It is one of the largest, most tender examples I have had since my trip to Paris.The decor is over the top Vegas, but so fitting at the Wynn. The service is top notch and make sure to spend some time with the sommelier, especially if you love wine and champagne.
5	Best overall dining experience in Vegas - hands down! If you take the time to read my entire review you'll find I didn't find very dish to be drop dead amazing, but honestly the "extras", service and atmosphere make up for some dishes being a 9 instead of a 10!I was with a party of 8, we all did the 3 courses for $125. Platter of mini appetizers:This came shortly after we sat down and was "free". We each got our own adorable mini platter. It contained beef tartare, roasted red pepper soup, a veal fried ball, tempura lobster, and foie gras! WOW. Even the ones that don't sound good were good.. trust me :)Amuse bouche:Surprised we got one of these after the awesome platter, but we did! It was smoked salmon on a blini with a poached quail egg. MMMCourse 1:Butter poached crab with risotto. Really really good, but the poached crab at Bradley Ogden is better. Sorry, I'm bratty. The scallops were the best of the Course 1 choices.. I stole one from my neighbor . Course 2:Wagyu beef rossini. Luckily I know rossini = foie gras = heaven, so I knew this was the dish for me . The beef was very good, but honestly the beef I had at sage the night before was better. The perfectly prepared foie gras and beautiful gnocchi on the plate made it overall an excellent dish. Course 3:Only the best dessert I've had in my entire life. Banana filled beignets.. and chocolate cake.. and peanut butter ice cream.. all in on one plate. AMAZING. I can still taste it.. AHH. I'm not a dessert person, but this really was incredible. We were then showered with petite pastries (like in Paris!), hot madelines, and the girls got a box of cookies. Overall a magical evening I look forward to repeating the next time my husband and I have $250 burning a hole in our pockets!
5	Hands down, Alex is one of the finest restaurants. I was fortunate enough to experience chef Alex's' exquisite dishes many times. Each time, I had a wonderful experience with great friend's, classy romantic setting, and great food. The portion of the food is quite small however, several dishes are served throughout your meal. (i.e. 3 course meal) One of my favorite dishes is the lobster ros. and I had a special meal specially made for me that is not on the menu. When I use to be a vegetarian and they didn't have any vegetarian meals on the menu the chef made an own special dish for me. I was very satisfied with the choice of vegetables he used that complimented each other.Also, my favorite part of the meal is when they bring out the yogurt custard with tapioca to cleanse the palette. It takes so unique and delicious and makes you craving for some more.Not only is the  service impeccable, but the ambiance and food. It is definitely a place everyone should experience for themselves.I should warn you that the prices are very steep, but well worth it. The restaurant is very pricey
5	We had the tasting menu, with wine pairings.  The courses were grouped well together,  There were some unusual dishes, some unexpected pairings, and some highly unusual dining furniture.  Oh, and a masterful save on the part of the staff when one of them spilled wine on my friend's jacket.
4	I loved the many amuse bouches they served!Went with the prix fixe menu.  The meal was awesome and I was  so full at the end that I couldn't eat the mignardines.  The king crab risotto was probably my favorite.  So perfectly flavored with a generous amount of king crab which was sweet and had a nice texture.
5	loved my dining experience at alex for the prix fixe dinner menu.  we had a larger group of 7 for dinner and they were able to accommodate us and even gave us our own private dining room.the amuse bouche was amazing!  some of my favorites were:-wagyu beef tartar-roasted pepper soup-diver scallops-wagyu beef tenderloin-banana beignets with warm chocolate and peanut butter ice cream.the service was stellar and even the waitstaff and host were very attentive.  i would definitely go back again and if you're ready to spend $$$$ on a meal in vegas, alex is the place to go!
5	by far the best meal i've ever had in my life!!!!!!!!!!!Alex is the epitome of fine dining. I sat at the restaurant looking and feeling like a million bucks but once when i put the food in my mouth was when i KNEW i was million plus. will update later but the foie gras, the wagu, even the macaroons. PERFECTION!!!!
4	Had the seven course tasting menu with wine. I was prepared to be blown away. Maybe that was my problem. Was the food good? Yes. Was it worth $700 for two? Not reallly. Service was great but not the best I've had. I would go back but probably wouldn't have the pre fixe menu next time. This is the most I've spent for a meal before so I think I'm ok in saying it should have been the best I've had. Unfortunately it wasn't. Maybe in the top 10.
4	Alex was a nice treat for me.  Service was outstanding.  I love when restaurants give you gifts to remember them.  We got a box of macaroons from Alex.  Our server was great, very professional but also personable, which is important to me.  I don't like being served by a robot.  The food was excellent!  My lamb was cooked perfectly, the turbot was good too!  And the risotto was stellar!  The restaurant ambiance was a bit too formal in masculine decor for my personal tastes, but nonetheless, stunning.
5	Alex's is as good as it gets! The ambience was amazing! The food was the absolute best ever and the service was beyond any expectations. From the moment you step foot into the restaurant you are just awed by the choice of decor. Romantic but not too dimly lit with amazing iight fixtures and a beautiful bar to wait at while your table is prepared.The food I can't even begin to say how amazing it was. We had the 3 course meal around $125 each. I had started with the fried froglegs (so delicious!), main was the lamb (just perfect!) and a dessert of chocolate valencia ( out of this world!)The staff was absolutely spectacular- meeting all of our needs and then some. So polite and professional!Absolutely hands down recommend Alex for all couples! We all have to treat ourselves sometimes and this is the way to do it!
5	In short: Hands-down, most satisfying fine dine experience I've had in a long time. Best combination of food and service from start to finish. Surpasses my previous favorites (all in SF) of Gary Danko, Dining Room @ Ritz Carlton, and Michael Mina's.In detail:I had been looking for an upscale, fine dine establishment in Vegas for a special occasion. I looked at Joel Robuchon, Guy Savoy, and Alex. I decided upon Alex simply because it seemed to present the best value out of all the choices. Two star Michelin Restaurant, consistently positive reviews on Yelp, and a manageable price range (relatively-speaking). My gf and I chose the three-course menu for 125 I believe per person. It doesn't sound like a lot for the price, but with the complimentary dishes, I was more than full after dinner =). Food: (I wanted to apologize in advance for a lack of detail on the chef's complimentary dishes b/c they are not listed on the menu, and my descriptions of those will be based strictly on memory and fair quality photos)1. Complimentary dish #1 - Chilled english pea soup with tomatoes, bits of bacon, and creme fraiche. Light, refreshing, yet very flavorful. The creme fraiche mixed with the pea puree perfectly. What a perfect way to jump start my taste buds and have me literally salivating for what's next to come!2. Complimentary dish #2 - Sampler platter of multiple items, including a savory beet soup, deep fried lobster puff on a stick, baked cheese puff and my personal favorite - a savory panna cotta on a spoon with pomegranate seed. It was a beautiful plate setup with four or five different things presented. Our ordered items haven't even been brought out to us yet and we have already consumed two complimentary dishes! - simply wonderful =). 3. Appetizer - Charred Japanese Octopus with Squid Ink Risotto, Periwinkles and Crispy Sea Weed.I love Japanese grilled octopus so I decided to give this unique risotto a try. Tender, perfectly charred octopus with a surprisingly light, yet flavorful risotto. I have heard so much about squid ink in the culinary world so I wanted to know what the hype was about. Yes, the risotto was black/charcoal colored, but did it taste good. The waiter told me that the ink really doesn't add that much of a flavor profile and has more of an aesthetic effect (not sure how this is more aesthetically-appealing but hey i still think it's cool) and most of the risotto's flavor comes from the mix of seafood and chicken broth that used to make the risotto. Yum!4. Entree - Snake River Farms Wagyu Beef with Crispy Potatoes, Spigarillo and Porcini Mushrooms.Easily my favorite dish of the night. Sure, I am a food snob and was initially disappointed that Alex did not offer Japanese Wagyu on the 3-course selection menu, but that disappointment sure went away as I sunk my teeth into the first bite of this unbelievably delicious beef. The meat was tender, cooked to perfection (medium rare), marbled with the right amount of fat, and paired perfectly with the potatoes and porcini mushrooms. I am sometimes overwhelmed with the hefty weight of  beef tenderloins and the accompanying red wine reductions, but I felt just fine and perfectly satisfied after this dish. You have to try it =). 5. Complimentary Dish #3 - Sweet panna cotta refresher to cleanse our palate (though I probably would've preferred some light fruit to better cleanse the palate). Nonetheless, it was delicious and transitioned our meal well to the next stage: dessert!6. Dessert - Hazelnut Crisp with Frangelico Caramel and Cajeta Ice cream.I admit I am no expert or true fan of many desserts, so I won't have too much to say except it was delicious, beautifully plated, and was a much larger amount of food than I usually expect from a final dessert. 7. Complimentary dish #4 - Dessert - A plate of assorted mini desserts including, but not limited to, a cute basket of warm, freshly-baked almond madeleines, creme fraiche rolled in a sheet of berry fruit, etc. Service:Service was on the dot. I had high expectations going in since this was a two-star michelin establishment. Even with my high expectations, the service at Alex was wonderful. Our waiter was polite, formal, informative, quick to serve, and best of all, adapted to the way we eat. We are relatively quick diners and would prefer to shorten the time between dishes. Our waiter could tell that we did not chit chat all that much b/w dishes and quickened the pace as necessary. Overall, if you don't already get what i'm trying to convey, it is this: GO TO ALEX. If you are seeking a truly fine dine establishment, you must come here. It is truly worthy of its two-star michelin rating and I would go back in a heartbeat (once i have more money). Beautiful place, beautiful, great-tasting food, and unbelievable service. FIVE STARS
5	After living in the NYC area for the last twenty years, I consider Manhattan to have the best restaurants, from top to bottom, in the country. Although I still believe that to be true, I have to admit that Alex was the best meal I ever had from "soup to nuts" or in this case "amuse bouche to cheese course". The food was spectacular. The service was impeccable. The room is sleek, sophisticated and yet comfortable and unintimidating. The sommelier was enormously helpful picking out a wonderful Burgundy and then helping us pair our wine with the cheese course. Even though the expense is great, there's one thing that differs from dining in NYC. You can try to win your meal money back right outside the restaurant door at the black jack tables.
5	Some people have skydiving on their list of things to do before they die, but in my circle of friends, those lists contain epicurean achievements like landing a reservation at Il Bulli.Alex was the most expensive bet we placed in Las Vegas, and we definitely ate the jackpot.  It was just course after course of brilliant, gorgeous food pared with exquisite wines. Just when I believed I couldn't eat another morsel - the spectacular dessert finish arrived beginning with a palate cleansing ice cream I would eat from a pint and ending with a package of brightly colored macaroons to eat later - the methadone to ween us off this edible heaven and back to the garbage that is everything else.I deeply believe if you do not walk away from Alex having had an unforgettable experience - barring some freakish mishap - the problem is unfortunately you (or your dinner companion).
4	Alex was my first 2 Michelin Star dining experience and I must say I was quite pleased.  The decor of the restaurant seemed very high class and the atmosphere was very pleasant.  The grand stairway itself made you feel like you were royalty.I came here celebrating my two year anniversary with my gf and we each got the tasting menu for the night which included a prawn carpaccio, maine lobster and sea urchin linguini, foie gras, dover sole with a tiny salad, wagyu beef, coconut tapioca, and a toasted vanilla brioche with butter poached apples and maple ice cream.The dinner started off with an amuse bouche plate with consisted of a beef tartare, a duck cookie like thing, smoked salmon, a broccoli soup, and a cheese cracker.  That sure got my taste buds started.  The bread selection here was very good.  I really liked the cheese walnut break and the gf liked the raisin bread.The lobster linguini was really really good.  Large chunks of lobster with this sauce that just made it absolutely delicious.  They gave a very generous slab of foie gras as well.  Dover sole is...just dover sole, but the wagyu beef strips were delicious (when is wagyu beef not delicious?)Because we were celebrating our anniversary the chef made a special dessert cake for us.  Alex also gave us madelines at the end of dinner along with petit fours and macaroons.Alex is VERY pricey though..$185/person for the tasting menu.  The food I felt wasn't a huge step up from some of the other 1 Michelin star restaurants I've been to.  But the service is excellent and food is still delicious.  Definitely only come here if you're celebrating something VERY special.
5	This is the best place to eat.  when you go to heaven this is where you eat.  It is not cheap but it is worth it.
3	I opted for the tasting menu but nothing really stood out.  The hamachi (yellowtail) was so-so, and the wagyu beef was substandard.  Frankly, I would categorize this place as fusion than a modern French establishment.  I did not get the impression that the staff, even a few of them, spoke any French.  The portions were quite small as expected, and I'd rank Michael Mina in S.F. much higher for both quality and presentation.
5	In the Wynn hotel, this restaurant was the real deal. The servers and decor were top notch. And the food...the food. If I were to throw darts at random onto the menu, I'd still come away with a worthwhile meal. Of course, with restaurants like this, the portions are dinky and the pricetag is huge, so make sure you really take the time to taste the food and chew on it when it's on your mouth. The appetizers were especially complex.Don't forget to wear something at least semi-formal.And ++ for some of the old school jazz music in the background. It's been ages since I've heard Oscar Peterson.
2	I really want to love Alex. The dishes are beautiful. I can't ask for better service. And the decor exude traditional elegance. Unfortunately, all dishes are either too salty, mediocre, or just bad. I didn't finish most of the dishes ; which rarely ever happen in restaurants at this level.Ambiance: 4.5 stars Service: 5 stars (love the little couch for the purse.) Price: overpriced ($125 for prefix, $185 for tasting menu) food: 1 stars for the taste, 4.5 stars for aesthetic presentation.  We had:-quail+ foie gras (worst seared foie gras I ever had. quail meat was dry)-Shrimp appetizer (too salty but otherwise, meat is not bad)-pork belly (too salty and too fatty. There's a fine line betweeen just perfect amount of fat and too much. The one we had were too much)-waygu beef (the saddest dish of them all. The $4 NY Steak I cook the night before tasted better)-chocolate valencia (YUCK!)-something with Hazelnut  (so so)
5	Every time my sister and I come back here we are always surprised by the service and food. We  always get the same waiter and we stay what we think was an hour and a half turns out to be like 3 hours. We usually get the prefix menu which is around 125. I have tried their cheese menu and grown to love differentiating between the cheeses and what goes with them. I remember having fresh honeycomb with one of the cheeses and it was amazing. The dishes of course were candy to the eye. The decoration of course was flawless. The lighting was dim and made it feel romantic. If you're looking to impress your date or have your taste buds shocked in amazement, I would choose ALEX out of the other restaurants at the Wynn.
5	Went here over the weekend for my 2 year wedding anniversary.  Had the 7 course chef's tasting menu.  While it was pricey, it was arguably the best meal I've ever enjoyed, even compared to Cyrus and Guy Savoy.  The restaurant staff were very personable and gave us VIP treatment, which really made the anniversary celebration special!
5	service was awesome and the food was great too. i would definitely go back again next time.
1	boring food, very disappointed. service was the only thing that was any good. our dessert was tofu with sugar on top and a little chopped mango (give me a break, i could be more creative in my sleep) horrible, big disappointment.
5	Oh Alex...where do I start.First off, the service was outstanding. The staff could not have been more courteous and attentive.My boyfriend and I did one "Taste of Wynn" menu and one regular pre fix menu. The amuse bouche consisted of 5 delicious little bites. Delectable. For the first course we had the scallops, which were cooked to perfection and the lobster with sweet corn risotto. Hands down the best risotto of my life. After our first course, we had a small gazpacho that was very tasty. For the second course we had the veal and the waygu beef entrees. Both were wonderful. Before dessert, we were given a tiny portion of strawberries and panna cotta. I literally scraped every last bit from the dish, the flavors blended perfectly and the texture was so light and smooth. For dessert we had the caramel cheesecake and the napoleon. Again, both were great. For the entrement we were given a little basket of macaroons and a sampling of desserts. I couldn't get over how cute they were.All in all, I had a wonderful meal and funds permitting, would love to go back.
5	ALEX is an exquisite restaurant at the Wynn and perhaps be the BEST restaurant in Las Vegas altogether. This remarkable restaurant is superbly put together, with an attentive staff and delectable food that may be the BEST meal you will have in your life. Everything about ALEX is grand. From the main entrance to the host and wait staff and to the menu, ALEX is just beyond fantastic. You are called by your surname during your dine-in here. You are waited on to be seated (WOW!). My guy and I ordered from the Prie-Fixed menu, which included a variety of delectable food. I tried their fro grais and it just melted in my mouth; smoother than butter. I also got to try their asparagus, quail and many other delectable goodies. There were many "pieces" to each course that made me lost track. However, my palate was dancing in delight! There were also a number of "in between entrees" served throughout our meal including a strawberry and creme dessert, served in a tiny cup. It was made with real heavy cream, which brought out the essence of rich flavors in that dessert. ALEX is a restaurant no one should miss. You're here to surprise your palate. Though dishes are served in smaller portions but in frequency, you are bound to be satisfied once you've completed your meal. Again, excellent, excellent service and accompanying staff. Seven out of Five stars!
5	Alex is an amazing dining experience!  We had a large group and were seated in the private dining room, which was nice considering the restaurant is not that large. The service was exceptional and the staff was very knowledgeable.  They were able to accommodate everyone's special needs, which was surprising since we had  a vegetarian, a pescatarian and someone with a shellfish food allergy.  I was impressed.  Each course was beautifully presented and each bite was perfection.  The seared foie gras was seriously the best thing I've ever tasted!!! The flavor and the way it melted in my mouth has me salivating now.  Other highlights included: the diver scallops, wagyu beef tartar, and the beef tenderloin.  I tried my friends chicken and it was super moist and very flavorful.  The beignets and ice cream had me wanting more and were the perfect way to end a great meal.  Good friends, great service and excellent food, I couldn't have had a better dining experience.
5	In a nutshell:Food: 4.5 starsService: 4.5 starsP/C: 4 starsI really was in search of a great (not good, great...) restaurant in Las Vegas and I think I found it at Wynn.  We went here before our Le Reve show.  As soon as I walk in, I get a totally relaxed yet formal (yes - I will explain this) feel.  It's violet and red and everything is velvet and big.  I felt like I was at a French salon de the smoking a cigar over a great view.  Yes yes, I was in Las Vegas trying to have a decent meal.  The decor was so refreshing to me - so refreshing in the midst of a plethora of restaurants that are done up using the overrated zen, simple and chic theme.  Things were set apart at Alex - the curtains were big, the windows were classic, the tables and the chairs looked like they had history.We were seated down and were made comfortable by like 20 people that came to greet us (ha...).  I was so delighted with this classic, traditional french feel that it prompted me to order a straight-up gin with a twist (what a lame excuse)...The meal ensued after two rounds of tantalizing amuse-bouches (the first one the condensed version and the second one an assortment of seafood amuse-bouches...delicious).  For the appetizer - we got the lobster and corn risotto with the chantrelle mushroom and the eggyolk ravioli with the black truffle and brown butter sauce.  The portions were HUGE and they were both delicious.  The risotto man, the risotto, the rice was cooked to perfection and i could have just died in the risotto pot.  For the main course - I got the wagyu beef tri-tip with the chimichurri and my sister got the veal loin (breaded) with roasted peaches, yuzu and fennel.  The veal loin could have been more moist but nicely prepared and seasonsed.  The tri-tip was very good - nice quality of beef and very well flavored.  Unfortunately - neither wowed me.The cheese course - it was ALMOST as good as the Gary Danko cheese couse. :)The desserts - they brought out a veautiful flower cake for my sister's birthday cake.  We got the milk chocolate valencia with the orange cream and the hazelnut crisp with the rice brittles...we were too full at this point so we had them wrap them for us but they were awesome when we came back and ate at home!!!After two more rounds of mignardises and gourmandises and coffee - we were finally let go (?!!!) of the culinary dream.In conclusion:  If there is one place to dine in LV, it's Alex - not Joel Robuchon, not Guy Savoy, not Pierre Gagnaire.  Alex is where it's at.
5	To celebrate my husband's recent success we treated ourselves to a fantastic dinner at Alex on 9/25/10.  The decor was amazing, the service spot on and the meal was out of this world delicious.  Top notch!
5	There is a reason this is a James Beard award winner.  We had 7 women and we mentioned this when making the reservation and we were placed in a private room which was perfect.  The service was excellent..., no hovering but always there if you needed assistance.  The sommelier was awesome in wine recommendations, and every person who was involved in waiting on our table had in-depth knowledge of the food items on the menu, which was great.  It's clear the team here is trained on every aspect of service.  Everyone at the table thought the food was excellent, and the to-go macaroons on the way out was a nice touch.  I would go back and try the larger tasting menus the next time!
5	If someone is viewing my profile they are going to think I'm heavy on the five stars today.  The truth is, we had an opportunity to visit Vegas and planned our trip around food and shopping.  I know I know, we're weird.Anyways, Alex was our final fine dining experience for our trip.  It came after some heavy hitters (Bouchon andJoel Robouchon) and we had some high expectations.  Buried at the back end of the Wynn, it was a little difficult to find, much to my sore, high heel wearing feet's disappointment.Once their wonderful staff opened the doors for us, all disappointment vanished.  Our cocktails were fabulous, the bartender was a delight and the hostess was adorable.  I felt like a princess descending the wide staircase into the restaurant as they led us to our fantastic, corner table.The tasting menu did not disappoint, and, as white truffles went in season this week, we got to add in an additional dish of white truffles on noodles cooked in butter and yumminess.  It was my honey's 30th birthday and I am so glad we spent it at Alex.  Their food was delicious, every single course they brought out left me wanting more.  They accommodated my shellfish allergy with grace and didn't skimp on the substitutes as other places have in the past.  Their staff was delightful and we enjoyed the entire Alex experience.  Next time we're in Vegas, you can bet we'll eat here again.  They casually surpassed most of the previous best fine dining experiences I have had.
5	This is a very special place. The menu changes along with the seasons and consists of what's in season. The wine list and sommelier are extremely impressive. The ambience is breathtaking and it is specifically elegant in it's own way. Everything on the menu is divine. We enjoyed the tasting menu with wine pairings. Every little morsel was memorable. Great for private dining in a private room, or try the Chef's Table for 2 for a romantic dinner.
5	ALEX! -- 4.5 starsThis was my first time in Vegas, so I had to do it right with dinner like this. After a 3 hr wait in a line for a Thanksgiving buffet the day before, boy I was glad we came here! I loved the decor of this place....tucked into a back corner of the Wynn Hotel/Casino you feel miles away from the consistent dinging of the slot machines. The ambiance was perfect--a modern elegance. We were promptly seated by the very welcoming front of house. The service was very nice! Everyone was personable and easy to talk to--very helpful with questions about the menu.My boyfriend and I each ordered the tasting menu. SO YUMMY!We started off with some delicious selections from the bread basket--I had a cheddar-walnut baguette and a pepper brioche that was to die for.The amuse bouche were a small sampling of greens & prosciutto, lobster tempura, butternut squash soup, fried duck arancini (risotto ball), and I can't remember the last one but it was damn tasty!First course was a Spanish caviar with a mushroom tapioca broth--seductively rich on my tongue.Second course I got the fried prawns with a carrot-ginger sauce and a cauliflower custard. The fried coating on the prawns was like the coating on baklava--flaky and sweet mmm! My boyfriend received a oyster of chicken with gnocci and spinach (he can't have shellfish) and it was also very delicious! Third course we had the seared foie gras with a red wine reduction, sweet potato cubes and topped with a tater crisp. The foie was perfection and melted beautifully with the flavors of the wine sauce. Mmmm!Fourth course was a simple grilled Thai snapper topped with roast endive. I wasn't as in love with this dish as I was the others. I do have to note though that the fish was kept very simply seasoned to really emphasize the fish--which was a good thing! Just not my favorite.Fifth course was our palette-cleansing sour cream and creme fresh semifreddo with tart cherries topped with an orange-black sesame crisp. The crisp had very nice flavors and played well with the acidity of the cherries. All was calmed with the lovely cream finish. Yum!Last, but not least was a lovely apple-themed dessert: It was a puff pastry topped with some sort of marshmallow fluff, another pastry, roasted apples, an apple crisp and topped with maple ice cream and a string of golden pulled sugar. (oh and inside was a blondie cookie!) Good stuff! Not the greatest dessert, but tasty. By the end of the meal I was stuffed and could barely eat our peddifores. A good meal!All in all this place was pretty great. But, for the prices you have to pay it still misses a "Wow" factor in some its food. Simple is good, but when you're paying that much, you kind of want it to be slightly over the top? Just my opinion. Would recommend it though!
5	Never have had a meal this expensive where I felt like it was actually worth it. This blows every fancy meal i've had in NYC out of the water. The service and the food were both amazing. I think i'll just leave it at that :)
5	5+ Stars I am not a gastronome or a foodie, but I am a yelper. I may not know the intricasies of French food, courses and am not an expert in Michelin restaurants, but I do know nice things.I know the way nice things are supposed look, taste, feel, sound, and smell, and Alex was an incredibly nice place and perfect experience.Most expensive meal I have ever had and we only got the 3 course tasting menu with a bottle of wine. It is 3 courses but with all the other extras it seemed more like 7 courses.  We were stuffed.  I couldn't have had any more food!I couldn't give criticism to any of the things I ate, they were all delicious.  I think its redundant to go over each thing I ate, maybe even a bit self absorbed to get that detailed.  The decor was stunning.  I imagined myself in a ball gown walking down the stair case.  The service was impeccable; relaxed and ultra proper and professional with out an ounce of pretense or snobbery.Well worth the money.  Could be a very romantic experience as well, a place well worth the memory it will imprint with you, and the experience of tasting all that wonderful cuisine.Highly recommend! The souvenir they leave you with is well deserved and a perfect finale too...
4	Alex is so expensive! I ate with my uncle and there was like 8 of us for $2000! It was really good though, except for the goose liver. EWww! I know I'll probably never eat there again though. Super classy, romantic type environment. Hahaha. The portions are really small, but in a good way because you get to try a lot of different things. Flavor's pretty strong too so it gets overwhelming if one dish was the whole meal.
3	i really want to give this place a 3.5 stars. I'm not quite sure why this is so highly regarded. maybe its a 5 star french in vegas but in manhattan, i dont see this place breaking into the top 10.wagyu beef was fairhalibut with abalone was goodscallop appetizer is goodcrab appetizer was okdessert menu wasnt very goodand the box of macaron is thoughtful but was ehplan to spend about $200-$250 a person which includes drinks, so its not terribly expensive.
5	Simply exquisite.  I had the 4-course vegan tasting menu (which also included a few extra mini-courses).  Everything was delicious and beautifully presented.  I'm so glad I went here and had this experience before they closed.Great cocktails, beautiful dining room, amazing food... Las Vegas is losing a real treasure.
4	It just closed. It was exquisite as a reviewer put it but too expensive and snobby  for these times.
5	My husband and I went here and it was the best meal we've ever had. Most expensive meal we've had ($800+ just for the two of us), but well worth it.We didn't make reservations, but we were greeted like no other. From the moment we walked in until the moment we walked out of the restaurant, the service was beyond what we expected.The food was just as fantastic as the service. Dish after dish, the flavors and presentation were phenomenal.
5	Too bad this place closed.  Was one of our top dinning experiences.  Top notch all the way!
5	I am so sad that Alex is closed. This is the first restaurant that I gave 5 stars to. Not only was the atmosphere and the staff amazing, most importantly the food was extremely delicious and exceeded my expectations. Some of the other fine dining restaurants that I've dined at left me feeling a bit confused as to why I just spent half my paycheck on foam and am still hungry afterwards.  BUT NOT ALEX! I hope the chef opens up another venue soon.
5	Best Restaurant in Vegas. To bad it's closed. The vegan menu was superb! Wonderful atmosphere! Alex Stratta is an incredible chef!
5	I was so sad to hear about the closing of Alex's in the Wynn.  This was the best high end French restaurant in Las Vegas.  The wine list alone was worthy of a visit and as I say on my site I would want my last meal to be the braised short ribs served at this elegant restaurant.  One small story about the service.  My wife and I were dining and the glasses they served with a $100 bottle of pinot noir were lacking.  I mentioned that to our server and within a minute the sommelier was at our table with two of the finest  wine glasses I had ever had the pleasure to drink from.  It is a shame that the downturn in the economy affected this great treasure.  'nuf said.
