5	Spouting water 150 in the air since 1970, the iconic landmark of Pittsburgh, the Point State Park Fountain will be turned back on June 7th, 2013. The fountain actually marks the meeting place of the Manchester railroad bridge which spanned the Allegheny and Monongahela Rivers. The water the fountain uses does not come from any of Pittsburgh's three visible rivers, but actually comes from an underground aquifer called the Wisconsin Glacial Flow, located about 85 feet below the earth's surface. In April of 2009, the fountain was shut down and was part of the 28 million dollar renovation of Point State Park. The fountain's plumbing was in such bad shape that the fountain was shut off for long periods of time and only turned on for the Regatta or nationally televised events taking place here. Also, every October the fountain spouts pink water in observance of Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
5	A Pittsburgh landmark and something to be proud of. Recently reopened after 4 years of renovation, it's a great spot for a walk, casual date, whatever. I'm sure a picnic on the ledge of the fountain with feet dipped in the cool refreshing water would make a great day out in the city. Many visits to come!
5	How about we don't do a history lesson here. Instead let us think about Pittsburgh's fourth river. The one underground that no one talks about. The one that is rarely seen except for when the fountain is on. Let's welcome back something beautiful for the city.There has to be a force at work here as well. It draws people from every different background and neighborhood. For some odd reason, when you are down here you become the most friendly person in the world. Conversations start up by just standing there in awe staring at this beautiful thing. People begin a relationship here, kisses and sometimes proposals pop up. Maybe it's the sense that you're at the convergence of all that massive power that is water?  Who knows what it is that draws people here. It's calming, it's relaxing, it's therapeutic if you will.Many people say that the fountain along with the park are part of our welcoming mat here. This can be true coming up the river, it's a fantastic first sight of the city. For a city that has an amazing entrance no matter what direction you come from, this just might be the best one out there.I'm gonna wrap this up now, but please don't forget about that fourth river (yes, I know it's an aquifer).
5	The fountain is gorgeous!!!! Loved it.
5	Mama Mia.  The fountain is back!   We were so happy to see it, again.  I showed up here this week with my bf as part of our anniversary celebration.  There is nothing quite as romantic as Point State Park Fountain in the evening.  Beautiful colored lighting, great views of the city, the sound of the water, a crazy man running around the raised base of the fountain shouting crazy chant-like words that were unintelligible.  Lucky for us, he got tired and went away.It was so nice to take the time to view the fountain from every angle, catching every postcard like view.  Standing at the point where the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers form the Ohio River.  There is something magical about it.  Even late in the evening, we saw a sculling crew.  Other than that, the river was pretty much still.  Kudos to everyone that made these renovations happen.  The fountain is amazing.
5	No history lessons from me on this one! Instead, I'm focusing on the fact that this fountain is a source of pride, a cool place to hang out, and a wonderful site for photographers to visit - you can't beat that!I don't think the fountain being a source of pride needs to be elaborated on - it's both a work of engineering beauty and a wonderful thing to lay your eyes on; don't forget, it's one of the first things visitors see if they're driving in through the Fort Pitt Tunnels. As for being a cool place to hang out, not only is it an amazing site, in the summer it's the best place to be. Granted, there are signs up asking people not to wade in the fountain, so if you want to go swimming, this isn't the place to go - but you can still sit near it, sit along the edge and dip your feet into it, and if you really want to, can use cups of water from the fountain to splash your fellow family members. Yeah, in case you didn't already guess, the fountain is usually crowded with families during the summer. But can you blame people for wanting to chill by the fountain, given how hot our summers get? Heck, forget the weather: just sitting near the fountain is super relaxing; nothing beats meeting new people or talking with your friends by the fountain, which is also by the river, where there are always boats, birds, and kayaks passing by. You really appreciate the Pittsburgh community while you're here - how can you not, especially on game days, when you hear the cheering fans and game announcements across the water?Finally: how can anyone resist trying their photography skills out here? Whether you're shooting from a distance with the city in the background, you're going for profile shots of your friends, or you're looking to capture a beautiful sunset, this is the place to bring your camera and give it a shot (no pun intended). Just remember: the wind WILL blow water in any direction it wants. The area around this fountain is absolutely a splash zone!If you haven't taken advantage of the fact that this thing is back up and running after a few years' hiatus, do it before it gets so cold that you're hiding indoors. It's definitely one of the best things about being downtown here!
4	On a sunny day, this is the best place to walk around or just lounge. There's a huge grassy area to have a picnic! The fountain is turned on in Early April and just underwent a major renovation. I love coming here on a warm day and sit in front of the fountain, with a cup of iced coffee. There are always little kids taking a dip in the fountain which is super cute to see. The view here is also really amazing. You can see the bridges and the 3 rivers. It can be busy on a weekend with a lot of tourists and locals... But definitely a great place to hang out.
5	Gorgeous fountain in a "point" where the 3 rivers meet. During a nice, sunny day, you will see people laying around the edges of the fountain, sunbathing, reading or listening to music.You can see Heinz Field and the famous yellow bridges. The view is also awesome. The grass area in front of the fountain is great for families and people of all ages. There is enough space for some frisbee and just straight chillin'. The fountain also lights up beautifully at night.
