4	we take our rottweiler puppy here for doggie daycare once a week and she LOVES it. the staff are super friendly and sometimes even send us home with a note (which we proudly display on the fridge). the best part is, our pup comes home supremely pooped out!
5	these guys also offer obedience and leash classes. we're enrolled in the obedience class now, and they've definitely taught us some helpful things. our little (big!) frannie is a total spaz, but they're so patient with her, it's great. it's nice to know that there's a place to take your less-than-perfectly-behaved dog and be treated with kindness, understanding and patience. i wish they did boarding too!
5	I don't know what I'd do without The Dog Den! My Dobe has been going here about twice per week since he was about 3mo old. Everyone here is great - they knew him by name right away, and they are just wonderful with him (and all the other dogs!). Being around all of the other dogs in such a great environment has been excellent socialization for him (my two other dogs won't play with him!), and he goes nuts as soon as we turn off of Fitch Hatch - his little nub starts wagging a mile-a-minute and he starts "talking" the rest of the way there. He absolutely loves it - and I love how exhausted he is when I pick him up! He usually falls asleep before we've even left the parking lot.The "little things" are such great touches, too - the report cards, the craft projects, snack time, finding out who his new buddies are...you can tell that they really love dogs! And as one of those people who treats her furry kids better than most people treat their pink kids, that's very important to me. :)When I first contacted them, I was only looking for every-once-in-awhile doggie daycare; now that he's a regular, I can't imagine what I'd do without them! :)
5	Another happy customer at the Dog Den!Last summer when our schedules got busier for the summer, we decided to enroll our dog in day care at a different place. They told us our dog barked too much and had to be alowed to attend on day by day basis. They put us 'on call' and were informed that at any minute we could be called and we'd have to come pick her up. They never called us and even thought she almost never barked at home, we thought we just had a naughty puppy that we would have to deal with for the rest of our lives.Fast forward to this summer and WHAT A DIFFERENCE. Because of a location change we searched for a day care closer to work. We couldn't be happier! The dog den took Birdie in with open arms and renewed our loved for our dog. After the first day we got a report about how she was, and they said "No Problems What So Ever". They said right away she started playing and having fun. She didn't bark at all. On her first day, they posted a picture of her having fun on facebook and introduced her to all of facebook as their new friend. They left comments on her picture telling us they were so glad to have her there. We loved the first day experience so much that immediatly we changed her schedule there from one day a week to two. They do art projects with the dogs, send them home with cute notes that we will cherrish forever, and post pictures of them atleast once a week.They also offer a Friday Night Theme Party once a month where owners can drop their dog off from 6pm-9pm (I think). The idea here is like date night for the doggie parents. During football season they have Badger Saturdays where you can drop your dog off before the game and pick them up after the game. The dogs get a hot dog at half time! Although we haven't used these services yet, we have been so happy with daycare that we have been trying to find something to do friday night where our dog would need care just so she can go!
5	I adopted a Puggle 2 years ago. I immediately signed him up for training classes at The Dog Den. While not everything that we learned stuck (through no fault of The Dog Den) everyone there was very caring. About a year later I took him back for daycare, and Cooper LOVED it. He attended 2 days a week, and they always worked with me to accommodate my schedule and get him in last minute when needed. Cooper always came home happy and exhausted, it doesn't get any better than that! I have recently moved out of state and can't find a day care as awesome as The Dog Den.
4	Recently attend the Shy Dog class with my 3.5 yr-old BC.  Very good experience.  There were 3 instructors (seemed like one main instructor with 2 "helpers").  The instructor was knowledgeable and and all of the staff were extremely friendly to the dogs and "humans."  I saw good progress with my dog each week.  I learned some stress signals my BC had been giving that I hadn't picked up on and now I understand what to look for.  A few of the tips I had already been doing but it was good confirmation that I was on the right track.  And, it's just a good opportunity to work my BC in a different environment with different dogs and people.  Good to work her little BC brain!Only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars was the facility.  Not the greatest shape...strong odor and it was super cold inside.  But, overall, I care more about learning and giving my dog a positive experience and The Dog Den did a good job meeting those expectations.
5	We've been taking our boxer to the Dog Den for two years for classes, day care, and play days.  He loves this place and the staff.  The number of dogs can be a bit chaotic; however, the staff is engaged and does a good job of separating large and small, young and old, etc... by rotating the groups from inside to out and between separate inside zones.  We only wished they offered a formal over night program.
5	"ArewetherewherearemyfriendsIcan'twaithurryhurryhurrylet'sgo!!!!!!"  - Leo, 5 months, Old English BulldogTrue story.  Leo loooooves getting to go to the Dog Den for puppy class & puppy play time.  I love it too because it tuckers him out for the rest of the day!  Cheers to releasing the puppy energy outside our house!  We signed up for Level 1 puppy class which is a six week series ($90).  The class offered lots of good tips and constructive ways to work with our puppy using positive reinforcement, not punishment.  I appreciated the consistency as this training style was right in line with the thinking of our super-duper vet (Dr. Shana) and with my "Perfect Puppy in Seven Days" book (also fantastic).  Included in the class are free "puppy play dates" every Saturday morning from 9am-10am.  (If you're not enrolled in classes you can also attend, it's only $5).  Tooootttalllly worth it.  There are tons of puppies there, varying in age and size (and separated accordingly).  It's a much more controlled environment than a dog park and there are staff members circulating, helping point out problematic behaviors we want to nip (hahah) in the bud and encouraging play behavior that is healthy.  Bonus: Leo has lost about seven baby teeth by getting to chew on other doggies legs and ears.  Yippee!  All in all the staff we've worked with have been knowledgeable, friendly, and supportive as we've taken steps forward and backward in our training. While the facility itself is nothing too fancy (it's pretty much a concrete warehouse) you quickly look past it to see the genuine, caring nature of the staff which is what's truly the most important thing!
5	I went to The Dog Den today with my sweet foster dog who gets too excited when he sees other dogs on walks. The trainer I worked with, Debbie, was great. She asked the right questions and assessed my needs and the dog's needs. I left feeling more confident and able to help my wonderful foster dog. :-) She obviously had previous experience with my foster's issue and gave me some great, positive, training tips (and even a tip for me on how to stay relaxed when we see another dog on walks)! Thanks, Dog Den!
5	I love the dog den! My bambina Roo loves meeting new and old friends every time she goes to day care! From the moment I posted on their Facebook, the staff at the dog den have been nothing but accommodating! I don't mind driving the half hour so roo can get the attention and love from the staff as well as the playtime with all her buddies! The doggy night out events are the best! I would recommend this day care to any one with a four legged friend! ;]
4	Our pup LOVES the Dog Den. He gets so excited when we pull up. I feel confident that they take good care of my dog, and they've very friendly.Only 4 stars because they are basically booked full for like 2 months out for Tuesday-Thursday, so it makes it hard to get your dog in. Ours goes Fridays and loves it, though :)
