5	Dr. Patty and Dr. Alanna are great chiropractors-also ceritfied for acupuncture.  I have been sporadically going to this office for years when I need a great massage or a tune up.  I usually wait a few minutes in the waiting room, then a girl takes me back to a dark room with "roller" machines and "tens" units are placed in tight areas for loosening up before my adjustment.  If you are looking for a great deep tissue massage I highly recommend scheduling an appointment with Journey.
5	Dr. Patti is a miracle worker! I came to her after suffering with a back injury for over a year, convinced that the most I could hope for was some kind of pain management.  She didn't just heal me - she gave me the tools to heal myself. She really took the time to explain what my muscles were doing and why, and provided me with an arsenal of simple stretches and exercises that have made the world of difference.  I'm finally on the road to recovery! My only regret is that I didn't come to see her sooner!!  She genuinely cares about her patients, as does every member of the team at Dynamic Chiropractic.  I can't recommend them highly enough.
5	Dr. Alanna is wonderful.  The massage therapists are also excellent. Place is a little outdated, but it doesn't matter at all. So don't judge.  You'll never go anywhere else.  The receptionist is always lovely to interact with as well.
5	Been to many chiropractors and chiropractic clinics in my life too many that weren't memorable.  This place was by far the best.  Dr Patti is prolly the best chiropractor as far as her knowledge and ability to actually help you.  Cracking someone's back i guess is pretty standard but with all the other knowledge I was given by Dr. Patti I really believe she is the best chiropractor I' ve ever been to.  She gives you the knowledge and tools to help yourself and she cares about people it is clear.  Thanks you Dr. Patti for your hard work and dedication towards the service of others it is very noted.  The rest of the staff are all great as well and they do have a very classy staff of workers all very good at their job.  Makes the experience comfortable and you can almost look forward to going as much as you could from going to a Dr's office.
4	Dr. Patty and Dr. Alanna are two great chiropractors which I have been going to for a couple years now. They provide very strong and precise technique.  Afterwards, a couple suggestions are provided by the doctor to support a healthy spine.  The office has chiropractic service as well as acupuncture and therapeutic message services.  Lisa does very well with the therapeutic message but she is hard get an appointment for since I typically drop in on the fly. The upfront administrators are nice and greet you by your first name. They are also open on Saturday with Dr. Frank and he has a more traditional type of technique.
5	Dr Patti and Lana are amazing and truly care about their patients. I've known Dr Patti for 15 years and she remembers everything about you and what works for you. I don't want to even write a review because if she's to busy I won't be able to get in! This place is amazing and u wish there wetter more chiropractor's offices like this
