4	I like this place a lot.  It is relatively cheap and even cheaper with the student discount.  The mango shrimp quesadilla is really good, and I would definitely recommend it.  The restaurant is clean, which is a plus.  The server is nice, which is another plus.  So, overall, i would recommend this place definitely.
4	I got the quesadilla with shrimp and mango. Unique combination, but nonetheless good. Try it.I'd recommend this place. I was only in Glendale for one day because I was interviewing at Midwestern University. I just decided to stop somewhere for dinner the night before the interview. I saw this place and hoped it was good--and it was.I kinda wanted to try a regular burrito but someone else on Yelp said to try the Shrimp+Mango Quesadilla, so that's what I did.The place was kinda empty during dinner time... I don't really know what that means, but it doesn't seem good.
5	Excellent food at a fair price and far better than the chains of the same vein. A nice family owned business welcomed in a growing neighborhood. Perfect if you're across the street at Honeywell or Midwestern U, but easy to get to since it's a mile south of the north valley 101. Get a Rumba Burrito with pork, your choice of fixings and hot green salsa. You won't regret it. You can even grab a cold beer to wash it down.
4	Cafe Rumba/Bajio/Chipotle/ etcThey are all about the same type of place. Menu on the wall, lunch counter style ordering, throw everything in a burrito. I have to say it was good. I had the small burrito with shredded beef, chipolte bbq sauce, beans, cheese and sour cream. Served with chips and salsa and little cinnamon frys and  a drink. The burrito was big enough without being too big, had good flavor and the tortilla was fresh tasting. The chips were salty and the salsa was glorified tomato sauce. LOL I guess I could have asked for a hotter one. The place was clean and the staff was nice. I have a BOGO coupon from the entertainment book. I will be sure to use it.
4	I enjoyed the food from this place.  As people have mentioned, it is kind of a standard walk through burrito joint..  Food was fresh and tasty.  Very filling..  I'd go back.
3	Closed Sundays, and seem to close early at night.  Located on the NW corner of Union Hills & 59th ave..  Food is prepared like Subway, right in front of you, but it can be challenging because the person who starts the line doesn't always speak English.  They're fine if you just say the order terminology and step aside but if you ask a question then they have to get somene else.  For no apparent reason the middle-aged overweight guy who takes the money was rude to me for asking a simple question.  This is retail, and I'm sorry you work the register, but there was no reason to be rude.Food was comparable to other fast food places like Chipotle that are a notch up from taco bell and such.  Prices are a little high but the portion is large, and it comes with a side of those little churro-like straws.  Competition down the road makes this a tough option - Dos Amigos, Rubios, and more.  Seems to be a favorite of folks wearing scrubs!
5	This is one of my favorite healthy mexican restaurants.  I love it as much as Chipotle.  I try to eat healthy, and Cafe Rumba's tropical salad is one of the healthiest and yet delicious items on the menu.  They do get busy during lunch due to folks from the university and Honeywell, and sometimes in the evenings there can be long lines as well.  I try to go there to eat once per week, since the food is so healthy and delicious, and of course affordable.
4	Very nice staff, excellent food, awesome prices
5	My roommate and I discovered this treasure on accident, but are so happy that we did. This is my favorite burrito place in AZ. I have only ordered the chicken burrito, but would eat it every day if I could live healthy off of just that. I have no reason to even try any of their other items because I am in love. So is my roomie. Cafe Rumba simply outflavors any other southwest/mexican restaurant I have tried out here, and believe me, Burrito Tuesday every week adds up to a lot of places! The roomie and I both reccomend this place to EVERYONE, though we can only speak for the chicken burrito and chips and salsa. Nevertheless, we are in love with Cafe Rumba and wish there were many around the valley.
4	I stumbled on this place a couple months back after running some lunchtime errands, and was soon coming back with reinforcements....It reminds me of a cross between Chipotle and Bajio, The overall presentation seems a little more authentic, if that makes sense.  The small burrito lunch special is a good deal, but I have grown to love the (slightly more expensive) Tropical tacos.  The mango salsa is addicting, and the excess that falls off can always be scooped up with the included chips.  On that note, of variety of meals we got (burritos, tacos, quesadillas) they all seems to fall apart at some point.  Not a huge deal, your burrito just becomes sort of a rice bowl halfway through.  Make sure you grab a few extra napkins!
4	Pretty similar to Chipotle/Qdoba in terms of price and selection (maybe a little cheaper).  Went there on a lunch break and the place was packed.  As far as the food goes, let me say this:  Chipotle, you have been pwned.  Seriously.  The food here is way better.  The burritos aren't quite as big, but they taste awesome. Go for the Rumba Burrito and you can't go wrong.  Staff always seems super friendly, they tend to remember regulars.
5	Always fresh, always good.  Your order is made as you go through the line, the  service is good and you can not judge this place by the size of the crowd.  Sometimes it is packed  upon arrival, other times there is no problem finding a place to sit and enjoy the meal.Again, always fresh, always good.
4	Good Food. I have been meaning to try this place and I can say that I am not disappointed. I ordered the veggie burrito. Very delicious. The chips and salsa where also good. It reminded me of a cross between Bajio and Chipotle. Prices are comparable. Will go again!
4	Get the nachos....they're awesome...good salsa selection too
5	Definitely my preferred quick Mexican food place! Obsessed! I love this place! The shredded beef burrito is filling and delicious! The fresh salsa is amazing! The only bad thing is they aren't open on Sundays and that's usually when I want it!! :)
1	I'm looking at the other reviews for Cafe Rhumba and I can't believe we all ate at the same restaurant. We found it to be very bland and boring. There is no way this restaurant compares to Chipotle in any way. There were 4 of us and we all had something different as none of us had ever been there before. All 4 meals were tasteless. The salsa had no taste, the chicken was not seasoned, etc. We will NEVER go back again. I could eat at Chipotle weekly and was happy to have another similar restaurant. What a shock to find it to be so bad.
1	Sorry folks!  Not the best value nor food.  We typically split a Chipotle bowl w/xtra meat and walk out stuffed! And never pay more that $10 bucks w/soda and all the tortillas you want! This cost us $15 w/water only and left us very unsatisfied. Blah is best description!
5	I've eaten at a lot of small cafe/mexican food places like this including Chipotle, Qdoba, Baja Fresh and other small hole-in-the-wall places.  This is one of my favorites because they have some of the most tender meats that they pull/shred there in front of you.  I love the location there on corner of 59th & Union Hills.  Very convenient!
5	A very nice surprise. My parents gave me a coupon from an entertainment book to try this place and was amazed at how good the food was. I probably would have never stop in if it wasnt for the coupon but glad I did. I had a Chicken burrito and it was great. Thanks Rumba we will be back
2	This place was a wannabe, lower quality, Chipotle restaurant.  Lower quality, meats NOT made to order, too pricey for the quality.I ordered the fish tacos and when they went to put the fish inside the tacos I noticed that the food was NOT made to order. My fish was in a warming container- as was all the meat. Ew! I was worried that my fish was hours old and I'd get food poisoning. $$$ I thought the price was too high for the quality. If I'm going to spend $15 and only drink water the food needs to be better quality.  The positive: they had several kinds of unique salsa (mango salsa was good). Skip it-- go to Chipolte, Baja Fresh or Rubios.
5	you have GOT to try this place!!   hands down the best mango salsa of your LIFE!!   i always get the tropical pork tacos, flour tortilla, with mango salsa, lettuce, cilantro, and baja sauce.  seriously, a fiesta in your mouth.   chips and salsa come on the side, but they aren't that great and often way to salty.   regardless, i still eat here about 1-2 times a week!!   They are a bit pricey but it's definitely worth it.  as a med student at Midwestern University up the street, it's the place to go for lunch, and they give a student discount (just what i'm looking for!!).   I'm not a huge fan of their burritos, but they are about as big as your head and super filling.  my complaint is that they are watery and often fall apart, but the taste is phenomenal!  I've tried all of the meats on selection there and the pork is by far the best!   however, all of them are good and taste extremely fresh and succulent.   seriously eat here and you won't regret it, it's unique and unlike any other burrito shop you'll find in west valley/glendale.
4	I really like Cafe Rumba. The lunch special Rumba Burrito, Drink and Rumba Fries is a good value. I love the the Peach-Mango Salsa and the spicy sour cream. They do tend to close early at night so I usually go there for a late lunch. They are too busy at lunch time so I just go later. What happened to the discount coupons in the Super Savings Magazine? I miss using those coupons! I do appreciate having the punch card for customer loyalty where your 10th item is free!
3	Not bad. Not super amazing. My cafe rumba burrito was okay, line was moving a little slow but the employees were nice.
3	Good for a quick and easy meal.  It's a lot like Chipotle.  Although it's pretty good, I still think Chipotle is better.  The service was great.
4	After my great massage @ Vita Bella, I asked where a great place to eat was. I was directed to Cafe Rumba and told to get the nachos! Yum!! I like the hot green sauce with mine. Now every time I get my massage I hop over to Cafe Rumba for my nachos! Life is good!
5	I have been a big fan of Cafe Rhumba since my first visit. This is a great example of a restaurant with a somewhat limited menu - but consistent taste and quality across the board. I've tried a variety of different items and have never been disappointed. If you are a newbie, here are three suggestions to start:1. The Rhumba Burrito: Can't go wrong here. It's the signature pork, chicken or steak on a flour tortilla where you choose the fixin's. The pork is a personal favorite, it's always moist (unlike a lot of those other burrito places) and flavorful. The ingredients are fresh and served just the way  you like them. Be sure to try the tomatillo salsa. If you're looking for something different, ask for a side of "Baja Sauce" a ranchy-style light jalepeno dressing for a little kick. It's not football-sized but it's pretty big and filling for most. 2. The Rhumba BBQ Chicken Pizza:Unless you have a big appetite, this pizza serves two. It's basically two cheese crisps, filled with fresh shredded chicken, onions, cilantro and tomatoes and a rich and spicy Chipotle BBQ sauce. It's just a little spicy without being overpowering. Great flavors all around. Just like regular pizza, it also tastes great the next day, so if you can't finish it, just take it home!3. The Rhumba Salad:A fresh flour tortilla holds a bed of fresh greens and your choice of pork, chicken or beef. I usually add rice, corn, pico along with the cheese and tortilla strips. For dressing, I like the roasted tomatillo to really bring out the flavor of the meat without overpowering it. Plus, when you're done, you can eat the bowl. Well, you can eat the fresh tortilla anyway. It's a big salad but you'll be surprised at how fast you devour it. I am not a salad guy by any means but I love this salad - and I can eat a little more than usual because it's pretty healthy. Alcohol is available or you can go with an assortment of bottled or fountain drinks. For us, the service is always great, with a little interaction with the staff who is creating your meal to order. The atmosphere isn't fancy but it is definitely family friendly, so feel free to bring the kids. If it's cool, grab a bite on the outdoor patio or dine inside. Your call. It's not really fast food but like the saying goes, more "good food served quickly". I think another reviewer's description of something between Chipotle and Bajio is right on. If you're thinking of giving Cafe Rhumba a try, go for lunch and get the lunch special - usually a small Rhumba burrito, drink and "rhumba fries" which are deep fried tortilla crisps coated in cinnamon sugar. It's a nice sized meal to get you through the day without needing a nap afterward. And the combo price is always nice.If you're tired of chains and looking for a place that serves fresh food daily in a few flavorful combinations, visit Cafe Rhumba. You'll be glad you did!
3	Pretty decent food. Friendliness of staff is hit or miss.
1	Can't believe the positive reviews! This place was awful. Bland watery chicken, salsa had no flavor, even the mango salsa. It just tasted like pieces of mango. The staff was neither here nor there. They seemed a little tired actually. I found it funny that the menu had descriptions but they ask you what you want as they make it. Don't waste your time here, go to Chipotle, Baja Loco, heck even Rubios. Seriously don't bother unless you like to eat soggy cardboard.
1	Went here for lunch on the suggestion of someone who raved about this place. It is essentially like a Qdoba (do they have those here?), and in my opinion, Qdoba is MUCH better. This place was, how do I say it? ew. I had a fish taco, and I didn't even finish it. Bland, watery fish. Even the mango salsa was no good. I have no desire to return here.
5	I don't know how anyone could hate this place!  LOVE the food!  I always get the two tacos with either chicken or pork, pineapple salsa...and mango salsa.  The mango salsa is to die for!!!  YUMMMMM!
4	We're regulars here because Baja Mexican food is not as heavy as traditional Mexican food. They have wonder Chicken, Pork, Steak and Shrimp marinated in a  clear broth. Wonderful fresh veggies & their guacamole is delicious. Oh yeah,  and whole wheat tortillas...
1	We stopped in here had the Rumba burrito, food didn't have much flavor chips were not very good.  Salsa was bland. You can get much better elsewhere. One server really didn't want to be there was complaining about being told to wash the door, didn't make for a good experience. We wont be back.
5	Love, love, love this place! My favorite is the Rumba Nacho's and my Husband loves the Rumba Burrito. Always fresh and made right in front of you. Don't understand the negative reviews. They have a great menu and lots to choose from. Just wish they didn't take the fried ice cream off the menu! 5 stars from me!
3	Not really impressed.  I spent nearly $10 for two tacos, rice beans and a drink.  The tacos were okay, kind of bland actually.  For the money I feel like I could do better elsewhere.
4	I really adore this place mostly for their lunch special, and their guac is a particular favorite of mine since it's how my mom always makes it =)Their portions are always large so you really get your money's worth.  Sometimes the food can be a little bland, but I feel like that's more a failing on my part for not putting the right salsa on whatever I'm getting.Their sweet green salsa and mango salsa are particular favorites of mine, and I'm happy to keep going back to a local business.
2	I heard this place is similar to Chipotle.  Believe it or not we have never been to Chipotle. My wife nd got us both a Rumba Burrito with shreded beef (that was tender but not real flavorful), beans, rice and mango salsa.Its not the best Mexican food,  that's because it is a fast food type restaurant. It is clean, has large portions, clean tables, decent prices. with plenty of parking. What more can you ask for?As stated in another one of my earlier reviews regarding Mexican food. "I pretty much judge a Mexican restaurant on how their salsa tastes". Cafe Rumba's mild red salsa was to my suprise tasty. Their mango salsa was simply awesome. My only complaint was there wasn't enough of either one of them. FOOD: Super sized and fulfilling. They made sure you did not go home un-satisfied and hungry. PRICE: The prices were good for what you got! SERVICE: Staff was nice, and the service was up to par AMBIENCE: Looks pretty much like a typical fast food restaurant. CONCLUSION: Limited, Straight forward menu. It's not the greatest food / restaurant but definitely not the worst. I'll give them another try for sure.
3	My wife wanted to try Cafe Rumba again so off we went along with our friend Kathy R. Kathy got the shredded beef burrito. She told Carol & I the place reminded her of Chipotle only better. My wife Carol got the pork burrito beans, cheese and sour cream. I ended up getting the same dinner as she did. The burrito was served with chips and mango salsa and a drink. I must admit I enjoyed it much better than the beef we had there on our first visit. In fact that is why I gave it a higher rating than on my last visit. I didn't realize they also had a selection of several different kinds of salsa. So I tried the pineapple salsa and two others. They really added to the over all flavor of the food. FOOD: Very fulfilling - fast and efficient. The three questions I ask myself after a meal... a) Am I full?  check`b) Did the food taste good? check c) Was it worth the price I paid? check PRICE: The prices were good for what you got! The three questions I ask myself after a meal...a) Am I full?  check b) Did the food taste good? check c) Was it worth the price I paid? check. Another nice thing is that when you dine in they have complimentary chips to accompany your meal. SERVICE: Staff was nice, and the service was up to par AMBIENCE: Looks pretty much like a typical fast food restaurant. CONCLUSION: Their portions are always large so you really get your money's worth.
2	Beef rumba salad is light, refreshing and somewhat healthy. Dressing optional as it's so tasty with salsa only. Oh! and don't forget to squeeze lime on it.Flavors are great, serving size is a bit small for the price paid. Seems a small salad like this one shouldn't be close to $7.00, I'd think more around $5.00. Ambience is sort of beachy if you use your imagination.
5	Most of the staff have been working at CR for years which is a reflection of their passion and dedication to the company and food. Because the staff know what they're doing, the food is extremely high quality, consistent, and authentic. The staff is friendly as well and works to get the line down as quickly as possible without sacrificing quality or presentation of the food. The environment of the restaurant is unique and comfortable with high ceilings and bright colors. Indoor and outdoor seating is available.The food brings an authentic baja style taste. The enchiladas are my personal favorite by far. Corn tortillas, cheese, one or one of each of their delicious meats, red or green sauce, rice, and refried or black beans. I always add green chilies on top for a little extra kick and a little extra $. I also add sour cream and fresh green onions with a side of their delicious baja sauce and either their mild or hot salsa. All of the other menu items are delicious, fresh, and authentic as well. Thanks CR! Overall, CR is an extremely authentic, consistent, and delicious local restaurant that is well worth the price. Ask for a stamp card!A friendly note: if you want Chipotle, go to Chipotle. If you want local, go to Cafe Rumba!
5	I love the bean and cheese burritos here (I add corn and pico inside), it's around $4. The majority of their food runs around $7-8. Their tortillas here are just so good, they are seriously to die for.  If they sold their tortillas by the bulk I'd buy them. I personally don't really like the meat burritos, the plain bean and cheese is definitely the best (that's the only thing my entire family gets). My mom enjoys their fish tacos though. I used to come one to two times a week, but unfortunately I don't live close to here anymore and have to take special trips just to grab one of their burritos. You should open a location in Scottsdale!
5	I need tacos in my life and Cafe Rumba fills that need and makes me happy.  The meats are marinated nicely, the salsas are light and fresh, the barbecue sauce I get on chicken and pork tacos are divine.  They have an awesome lunch special too.  I highly recommend.
3	Great price and very nice for a quick bite! Chips, salsa, quesadillas, and burritos are delicious. Small atmosphere but clean.
5	This is the best bang for your buck in the valley.   I recommend getting the Rumba burrito with shredded beef, green chilies, black beans, lettuce, cabbage and spicy green salsa.  The owners and staff are very friendly.  Similar to Chipotle but their meat is much better and so is there salsa.
1	Did I just pay $10.43 for that?! The soda is good. They barely give you cheese or sour cream on your burro.
4	This place is awesome! Everything is fresh and deliciously good! I usually have the Rumba Salad with chicken. It's always so refreshing. My wife will get the daily special which is a good amount between the items. I want to try other items on the menu but I continually go back to the Rumba Salad! And their churros are screamin'! Whenever we're in the area we make it point to come here.
1	Long wait for boring Mexican-ish food on styrofoam plates.This is a mix between chipotle (ordering system) filibertos (styrofoam plates & cups-  not Eco-friendly) and street cart food.I had the fish tacos- not good. The fish did not have a grilled appearance or taste and was a bit mushy.  Super lame pre-shredded cheese at this spot detracts from the quality as well as gross chips & nasty tortillas.The same day I went here I went to happy hour at crescent ballroom and had amazzzzing fish tacos for $2 each that had flaky seasoned real grilled fish not this limp frozen mush.  I didn't realized how gross it was until 5 hours later at happy hour.  I must have ordered the same thing twice in 1 day because of how forgettable my lunch was.Side of guacamole is super small!  This stingy cheap restaurant will not see me return.
1	Honestly, I don't get it. Over priced and kind of bland. Also, I ordered the Rumba Salad and some of the lettuce was brown. I really do not understand the high reviews for this place, this is not Mexican food.
5	I love this place!  It's similar to Chipotle, but your food is being cooked right in front of you as you go down the line, not just assembled.  The chips and salsa are great, they have horchata in addition to soda and beer, and the shrimp mango quesadilla is amazing!  They've got some good salad and dessert options too.  I just wish they were open on Sundays!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants that I crave if I have not been in over a week. The staff is always friendly. I love that they have a punch card. The food is fresh and delicious. I usually attend with my bestie who also loves this place. I have the chicken burrito and it comes with fresh chips and salsa that is so yummy. The price is just right. It can get busy during lunch but that is to be expected with a good place. The environment is open but they also have a nice patio area. Now I am craving it so I will have to go tomorrow. :)
5	Absolute best nachos ever. The tortillas they use are also very good, tastes like my aunt's homemade! They also offer mango salsa, everything was delicious. The staff was courteous and the meals were reasonably priced. I'd definitely visit again, this isn't your local Filiberto's! I wish everyone would stop comparing them to Chipotle. This is Baja Mexican, and Chipotle is Americanized Mexican food. Two different things, that's like comparing Kansas City BBQ to Memphis BBQ, both good, but different.
