4	I love Jimmy John's!  This affair actually began in college, I lived up the street from one.  You have to ask for their home made wheat bread (it automatically comes on white).  Even though this place is a chain and their decor is really cheesy, I had to write a review because I literally woke up drooling for a #12 because I ate one in my dream last night....it's true.They have these amazing hot peppers that I want to buy a jar of.  It's the only sandwich I have ever ate that doesn't need hot sauce.
4	On a normal day, I don't know that I would give Jimmy John's four stars (sorry Jake!).  Then again, their service might have been better on a normal day.  On this day, however, they were handing out free subs.  That's right.  FREE SUBS.  Though the line was not as long as it gets for, say, free ice cream at Ben & Jerry's or even pizza at Donato's, it was a pretty good one.Perhaps most importantly was that the line moved rather quickly, even though the location is on the small side and ti was crammed with all these people craving a free sandwich.While the line did not illustrate that the Jimmy John's staff are lightning-fast at their jobs at making sandwiches, it can be understood in this case.  The only real problem is that because of that line, the directions for anything other than your sandwich were left a bit nebulous.Want a cookie?  Oh, you should have picked that up at the register... move back three spaces and fight for it with the people now at the register.  But once the process is done, enjoying some sandwich goodness works out well enough!
5	Where do I begin? I found out about Jimmy Johns in my college town, open real late was perfect for those late night cravings but you wanted something a bit more healthy than McDonald's or Cookout. The price is good, you can get a sub for around 5 dollars. The main thing I like about JJ is that they make it super fast. One time I ordered and just finished paying and my sub was already ready! I always get the Beach Club, Vito, or the Club LULU. Wow, I think I might go get one now.
4	I'm definitely a fan of the double J!  I usually go to the JJ near my office in the university area, but I got to hit up the Matthews location after running some errands on an off day.  I must have missed the lunch rush, but I walked in, ordered and was out of there in 5 min.  Though this location is missing the noise and energy of the other locations I am used to, the sandwich was good and what I was expected and they were very proficient in getting me on my way to a full belly and back to the office.Location didn't really have a lot of tables to sit down and enjoy the awesomeness of JJ's, but there were enough.  The shopping center is fairly busy so parking looks to be tight.  I didn't really see that many drivers running in and out of this location, but I was only there for 5 mins (probably not enough time to judge how busy this location is).
4	Finding myself at Sycamore Commons after an early morning of running errands, dodging the church traffic and standing in line at Costco for an eternity, I was hangry (hungry + angry) and needing something to eat post haste.  I was heading towards McAlister's (I don't frequent Sycamore Commons and knew there was a McAlister's there) when I saw Jimmy John's.  I like subs.  Let's try that!I was the only non-employee in there (Sunday at 11:30 am) and stood there for a minute staring at the menu.  Why do you name the subs?  It's not a cat - it's a sub.  If it has ham and cheese on it, call it friggin' ham and cheese.  And if it doesn't have bacon on it, it's not a club sandwich in my mind.  Anywho... once I got over my short-bus confusion, I ordered #7 ham and cheese on their french bread, a bag of BBQ chips and a chocolate chip cookie to go (was headed to the parentals).  Not to be confused with the #1 Pepe, which is also ham and cheese... whatever.  Luckily, it's a small menu or I could have been there all morning.  The bread was fresh and soft without being mushy - the middle is soft while the outside is sturdier but not crunchy.  Hard to explain, but it was good.  This isn't subway where you have 100 toppings - mine came with lettuce and mayo (tomato is also included but I am not a fan of the maters).  Smoked ham was sliced thin and was tasty, provolone was also thinly sliced.  The lettuce was in shreds and fresh, no bad pieces at all.  The chips were tasty and crunchy and a relatively big bag.  The chocolate chip cookie was big and soft-ish, pre-packaged in cellophane, so it was exactly what I was expecting.  I think the sandwich, chips and cookie were less than $10.  I took a menu on my way out to pass along to the parentals, since they are right down the street and saw that they deliver too (although I didn't see the rules for delivery).  Good stuff, it was a nice change from Subway and I would definitely eat there again.Update 2/18/13:  While I found the food to be quite good, I just read some articles on how the owner/founder of the chain prefers to spend the money from the subs I purchase to hunt exotic animals.  So, this location keeps the 4 stars for the meal I had because they deserve that, but lost a customer based on the practices of the founder.
4	I love me some Jimmy.I'm now on a low carb diet and what do you know? Jimmy Johns to the rescue! I can still get my favorite #9 Italian Night Club in an unwhich, which is your sandwhich wrapped in a veggie hug of lettuce.  I've always been a fan of JJ, and this location is in a nice up and coming shopping area near my Gym. The guys working there were friendly, and of course 'freaky fast', I'll be back for my favorite sub!
4	I made up my mind about this store before I had the chance to taste the food.  The music was too loud to think, the staff looked as if they were high. And the order of things blew my mind, how the tossed my food up on the counter. I asked for a bag to my surprise I had to do it my self, no problem with putting my items in a bag but only if I'm at a self check out register but not a a restaurant ( didn't know it was self serve in a way). Any who so at this point I was annoyed and had to pay for things individually made it worse. By the time I finished ordering a simple turkey sandwich with cheese, chips and a pickle my order was 9 bucks. So I left mad saying I wish I would have went to subway. Well that all  changed once I got home and ate my food.  WOW was all I could say, I was really impressed with how good it was even though it was just meat, cheese, lettuce and mayo. It was pretty impressive and it's hard to impress me. So besides the goofy staff, the self serve way of life I will be going to Jimmy Johns from now on. Besides when its hot out I really like cold foods.
1	I made up my mind not to return to this one, but I was on my way home last night and I went to this one because it was closer to me.  Well I really shouldn't have, the experience that I had a few days before this one can't compare to what I experienced last night.  I went in around 8:30 or so ordered my food, the guy who was operating the cash register wasn't paying attention him and the one that was actually making the sandwiches were busy playing name that tune from the loud music playing and reliving their dreams of playing in the NBA with shooting baskets in the trash can with paper.  Everything I ordered I didn't get, I clearly didn't ask for a cookie, and guess what I was charged for it when I realized that I let the guy no and he was like well ok never said well let me take care of that charge for you or anything.  So the one making the food said well ma'am I will give you what you asked for and the cookie to, I said sure what ever.  Being that you can't actually see them make your food you really don't realize what's going on, and you can't see the receipt until you get your food by then you are out the door and that's it.  Well I got home ready to eat because I was starving and I got a breadless sandwich.  Exciting I know, but if I wanted a salad I would have ordered one and being that salads aren't a part of their menu well then guess what that's not what I ordered.  I was really upset being that they really wasn't paying attention to me and now I'm super hunger and they were closed by the time I got home.  So I did complain to the company and I got an apology and that was about it.  Not a oh we are so sorry ma'am bring that food back and we will replace it or give you your money back nothing like that.  So I gave it a 1 star because you can't go any lower than that.  Believe it or not I really do like the food, but customer service should be just as great.  I will not go back. The customer service from the store and the appropiate people to get in contact with stink!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Wow! I am giving this location 2 stars for the day. 2 employees were rude and I could not find the napkins. I guess they are behind the counter and you have to ask for them.
2	Fastest sub I ever had. However the sub was not good. Ive had better subs at the supermarket. Not much else to say. Ordered here twice, two different subs and it was the same both times.
1	Well as you can tell from my 200 reviews, I almost always give 4-5 stars and this is the third 1 I have ever given.... We drove to jimmy johns and I ordered a beach club with mustard and it comes with avocado spread. He put a dime sized drop of each in the middle of the sub. My dad ordered a tuna sub with added onion and tomato. They didn't put either on it. We didn't notice until we drove 6 miles home... My dad called back to complain and while he was a little bit frustrated and rude the managers response was you don't have to be a smart a$ about it just drive back and get another if you need to...Really bad service and mediocre subs. I won't be back and urge anyone else to go to firehouse or which wich instead. Or jersey mikes all within a couple miles of here... Or even just go to Harris teeter
