4	An awesome find, this nursery - they've been here for 20 years, and it shows - the entire place is grown in, old, a stable, odd ecosystem.I've been on a hunt for house planties and these guys had one of the larger selections in town- airplants and bromeliads live in their interior space, while the out-of-doors is bursting with everything light loving - palms and tropicals to tons of dogwood and azalea varietals, in a wide range of ages. If you're a xeriscapist, there'll be plenty here for you, and if you crave the exotic, there's tons here too.Prices are a tad high but the health of everything I looked at beat HD's wilty, sporadically watered garden supply by a long shot. And of course, the service was stellar.
5	We couldn't be happier with the service, knowledge, selection, or cost. These guys know their stuff and were patient in working with us on what made sense for our house. They landscaped our front and back yard and paid a lot of attention to our request for native species and to use as much of our current plants as we could. We very highly recommend Banner.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. We spent close to 6k to have our front yard landscaped. It does look nice. That being said, I paid for grass in the front yard, which previously was just about all weeds.  While doing the landscaping the yard was tore up. I figured they would at least kill the existing weeds and till it up, rake it and plant seed. What I got was seed and hay just thrown on top of clay and weeds. It wasn't raked, the tractor tracks weren't smoothed out. Now because the prep work wasn't done the yard is full of weeds and I have since spent considerable money on more seed and fertilizer. But my biggest complaint is the lack of responsiveness when issues arise. The plants are guaranteed for a year but good luck having anyone return a call. You have to call & call & call & call- you get it, it's ridiculous. I would probably look elsewhere for my landscaping needs in the future but since the yard looks good I will give them 3 stars. The problem is it's been just a little to much of a hassle dealing with them to want to use them again
