3	New boba shop! Exciting huh, well Dont get to happy. I was looking forward to this boba shop but it was a no no to me :( compare to bomboba and JT boba house. Eh, there both the same. Except different concept when it comes to the drinks, menu, food, decorations. Let's start off with the decorations because that's the first thing people notice when walking in. Its very simple & modern if you put it that way. Wooden tables, maybe like 8 tables for seating, not bad at all. But no outside seating like bomboba, boba tea house or yo & I. Then when you walk up to the register, all the toppings you can clearly see it through the glass wall. The menu is very small compare to other places. I order the passion fruit tea with boba. They have either 16 oz or 24 oz I believe. Paid about $4.25 I think, so kinda pricey for a drink. When I got my passion fruit tea with boba. Eh, there's something missing and the bobas wasn't cooked all the way. BOOOOOO :( I had to drink all of it because they were like eyeing me to see If I like it. LolLet's say, it was okay. NOTHING SPECIAL! I think best place that makes it would be yo & I. Overall, I rate this place a 6.5 out of 10. Next time I'll try there waffles or popcorn chicken.  All I can say is they should of promote there business before opening because when we walked in. It was dead! All the employees were doing nothing but laughing. Plus the lady that checked me out. No smiles or hi. They definitely need to work on customer services because when we walked out. They could of said " have a wonderful night" I would if I was the owner or employee! But definitely need to advertise that there open for business, especially if your gonna be by an area where I gets busy on the weekend.
5	This place the only boba place next to my place, they are good but only have two sizes 16oz and 24oz pricing at 4.25 and 5.50...They don't have that much flavors but it could be because they are new.  I got thai tea and it's good... my friends got red guava and mango snow and they  really like it..... the place is cute and bright... they also have snack running from 5.95 to 6.95...
1	I was looking forward to a Boba place near this side of town, but I was disappointed. I ordered  a 24 oz Lychee snow with Boba which came to about 6 bucks. I expected milk in my snow slush, but there wasn't  any. The Boba was 'eh' texture, not soft enough. The lychee flavor was there, but seemed syrupy with chunks of lychee. I also found a few big chunks of ice still at the bottom. I wouldn't recommend this place.
5	New place around my house! Yeassssss been waiting for it! I love their jasmine milk tea. I love the service there and already I love the food. All I got to say is go try this place out, if your a tea person get the jasmine if your a little hungry try out their food :) I personally like the Bulgogi lunch box.;)
4	Found this new boba place by my house and thought I give it a try! Nice small spot tuck all the way in the back.. nice decor and has a games station like jenga and uno and other games you usually see at boba joints.I got myself a milk tea! It was good but it doesn't quite have the traditional taste of milk tea that I like but nonetheless it was good.The service is excellent ! My girl friend had gotten a lavender milk tea and she did not like it at all but the person at the counter replace it with another flavor with no additional charge! He was very friendly! Would have given this place a 3 star but their customer service got them one more :)
4	Finally a new boba place by my house. It used to be Lollicup coffee and tea before, but I'm glad it's another boba place, probably with a new owner. I love their new interior design, they renovated the place.. (As you can see in the photos). Service was great, the girl who helped us was really friendly. She also said if we didn't like what she suggested, we can return it and exchange it to a different drink. The drink tasted really good but the boba needs improvement, usually boba are soft and chewy.. not all of the boba were chewy, some are hard in the middle. The egg rolls was delicious! It came out hot & fresh, i almost burnt my tongue!
5	I love this little place, it took me driving around the whole shopping center twice to find it since its in really small green letters next to Sally's. But the drinks are spot on delicious! I'm from Houston and there's a bunch of boba tea house so it's usually very cheap around $3-4 per drink. This is a little on the pricey side, but it taste good (not too sweet) so it's worth it. I had the jasmine milk tea and hubs got red bean snow. The egg rolls were good too.
3	First of all, I was excited about having a boba house so close to us. The place is modern, nothing to wow about. I came to give it a try. There was only one guy working at the counter & I only order a 24 oz taro boba... The serving time was about 10 minutes & this was not a busy day. Just imagine on Friday  or Saturday when people are getting off from the movie. I was disappointed to say the least. If they want to grow , they need to work a little quicker.11-8-14. Return to this place after the movie. Place is full & people actually leaving before placing their order. There are 4 people behind the counter & wait time this time is 20 minutes. I suggest to the owner to find a solution. People are walking out--that translate to loss revenue. Go to California, learn from Tapioca Express.. They are quick & efficient.  I was actually though about bringing a Tapioca Express franchisee here in Arizona ( Maybe next to JT Boba House).
5	Wow. This place was due for a good boba place and its here! Clean and good boba; they even have a rewards type thing that I see all the boba places back in California have. I had the taro but would recommend milk tea or Thai tea for first time drinkers.
4	I would give this place 3.5. New spot in the west valley for boba/tea lovers. Its a little bit pricey. And drinks are pretty good.I tried the house tea and matcha green tea. Boba was tender and fresh. I also ordered the bulgogi and chicken and sweet potatoes. The sweet potatoes are the best. I would go to boba house in chandler but its too far from my house. So this place will do for my boba craving fix.
1	Went back to Jt boba house. Thought I would give them another chance. Omgad! I seriously wanna slam my drink on the counter & say, I WANT MY REFUND. But me, I know better not to do that. Anyways, went there last night and got myself a strawberry & kiwi flavor tea with boba & jam. I thought I would try jam because when I had it in Cali. Omg, I was amazing. Had it here, it was a failure. Everything about my drink was just a no no!!!! Plus I even asked my boyfriend how was his Thai tea. He said " it taste water down" then I asked my little sister in law how was her lychee drink. She said " I hardly can taste anything but water". Fix your drinks because its definitely not good at all. Never coming here unless someone pays for my drink but I probably just get myself a cup of water :)Sincerely, a customer that knows what's good & whats not good
1	I was excited to hear there was a boba place opening near my house and I didn't have to travel all the way to Bombboba or Yo & I anymore just for good boba. My kids told me they've tried it when the place first opened and that the boba was terrible. I figured I'd give their milk tea boba a try, you can't mess up milk tea, right?! I was wrong. My milk tea was pretty weak though I've been told the boba has improved since they first opened. I asked the girl behind the counter about a menu item and she had no idea what I was talking about. Granted she wasn't Asian and didn't know what banh mi Or a Vietnamese sandwich was, but better training would help. Why have it on the menu and not have your employees be knowledgeable about it?!
3	Not a bad place I just had to many bobas  for my liking. Otherwise the taste was a welcome change.
3	I had the watermelon slush with strawberry boba. That Was Really good!! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they take FOREVER!! I've only been here twice and each time I waited 20 minutes or more just for my drink. They need to have more then 1 person behind the counter, especially on the wekeend!
5	I've only tried one other boba drink shop, but I definitely recommend this place. I spotted the shop as I parked to go see a movie at the Harkins and decided to give em a shot. I was impressed by the number of flavor combinations available, probably over 30, and serving preferences are just as varietal. The staff is very friendly and responsive, and were sure to inform me that if I didn't enjoy my drink they'd make me something different right away.I had an almond milk "snow" (think creamy snow cone) with star fruit and boba. The ingredients were really good - I think the star fruit might have been candied, it was sweeter than I expected, but not too much - the boba pearls were cooked well, with the consistency of gummy bears. The mixture was also surprisingly well proportioned, I got a little bit of everything with every sip right up to the end and it tasted great. I really enjoyed what they have to offer and I'll definitely be returning to try more flavors.For those wondering: The prices are reasonable, expect to spend about what you would at Starbucks, and about the same amount of seating. There also appears to be free WiFi if that floats your boat.
5	I love me some boba, so I was stoked to see this place pop up not so far from where I reside. Checked it out and thought it was pretty swell. I mean, they have a long list of flavors to choose from and they offer half off on any one item to Yelpers who write a review (and no, it doesn't say it has to be positive). If you like boba tea, and you like variety, I'd advise you to check this place out.
4	I've been to a lot of boba places from LA to NYC and this place is about equal.  I've never had the boba at JT's but I've had the taro snow with red bean and its delish.  I would recommend it since it's one of the only boba places on the west side.
5	The people here are so friendly, and the product is amazing! I love JT Boba House. So does my wife and son, we go there all the time - I highly recommend them, especially with their wide range of flavors and their friendly service!
5	Great place very great people! America's Best AMT crash courses,LLC recommends this place! The best boba drink is the house drink very good! Also, kenja was a great help and makes the drinks very delicious! JT boba did great on hiring staff.Location needs to stand out moreInside well maintained and clean Food was great! Tvs inside great for kids and adults Overall 10+ stars on this location. America's Best AMT Crash Courses,LLC
5	I am on business trip in Avondale and find JT Boba House. Decoration is so modern and neat.Service was very friendly and helpful.I tried their Taro Milk Tea with boba and I loved it!!Taro milk tea was so yummy and so as their boba.Boba is lightly sweetened with chewy texture. Just the way I like~~~If I came to visit this area in the future, I will definitely come to this boba place again.I decided to come back today before I headed back to LA. I was told they serve green boba. It is so X'mas feel. So I decided to order Strawberry Snow with Green Boba. What else can make it look more like a X'mas color?!!! I was pleased by the drink presentation and took the first sip. OMG!! Strawberry Snow was so delicious~~~ : ) I could even tasted the small bits of strawberry pulp. Green boba was nice and chewy like their regular boba. I was fully satisfied by this holiday drink~~~~ Well done, JT Boba House!!!
5	Best please ! So many flavored and I'm trying to catch up to all of them ! I love it !
3	I wanted to love this place because I love boba.  I love the decorations and the clean look.  I got the almond milk tea with boba, but it tasted watered down.  I also got the beef bulgogi lunch set.  It was surprising good!
5	I recommend all of laveen to visit the boba house in avondale!  It is so delicious and simply a great place to hang out
4	I come home every weekend from college to spend time with my family. I also find time to get my boba fix every once and a while here at JT boba house since it is so close to my house. I usually get the same flavor drink every time since it is my favorite. I have to say that the flavor of my drinks are never consistent. Some days they are sweet and on point, other days they're  bland and all you can taste is the ice. I decided to buy a large sized drink tonight and asked for double the amount of boba which I payed 50 cents for. The flavor was once again a bit bland. I also asked for snow, which means the consistency of the drink should be very fluid and extremely refined. But  I found large ice chucks in every sip... On top of that the extra boba I ordered seemed to have been disregarded. There was only one single serving of boba. I suggest that when making a larger sized drink, consider the proportions of ice/milk/powdered flavoring. Since a larger amount of ice is used, obviously more milk and flavor should be added to maintain the same taste and potency. And since there is more ice, it should probably be kept in the blender longer to refine the ice. Overall, the drinks here are not bad. I just wish they were consistent with the flavoring and blending is all. And at the prices they charge (which are slightly above other boba shops that I have been to) quality is expected every time.
5	Great little boba place here in the west valley. The snows and slushes are the best items in my opinion, especially in the arizona heat. The boba itself is always fresh and chewy, not undercooked like in some other places. Have yet to try any of the food.
