5	I have been waiting for healthy food options in the Downtown area for quite some time. While walking through Arizona Center, I noticed Powered Up Nutrition and I thought I would give it a try. The employees introduced me to the owner and I was shocked by her kindness and genuine desire to please her customers.Powered Up Nutrition specializes in meal-replacement smoothies and offered more than 50 varieties. The menu board is overwhelming but the employees offered me mini samples in order to figure out what I wanted. I decided on Blueberry Lemon Cheesecake. Now I am skeptical of protein drinks. They are often so flavorless, chalky and never fill me up. I was amazed at how wonderful the smoothy tasted. I was not expecting it to be as good as an ice cream shake! At any rate, the smoothy was filling and yummy and under 250 calories, yet has 24 grams of protein. It left me with a full feeling until I got home from work. I noticed that they also offer free morning/evening yoga, abs & booty, and other fitness classes along with weekend group runs/hikes. I'm a believer!
2	Slightly disappointed on our visit today. A co-worker and I were approached a couple weeks ago by one of your street-team marketing members with a voucher for free smoothies. We went in today to redeem the vouchers and were advised that if it wasn't our first visit that we couldn't get the smoothie but a tea would be the substitute. While I'm appreciative of the tea, I was very disappointed that the voucher was not honored. No where on the card did it state for first time visitors only. False verbiage or failure to provide all the information is probably one of my biggest marketing pet peeves, especially since I work in this field. Just some constructive criticism to pass on: 1) update the verbiage to be more upfront about the offer 2) Honor your marketing collateral. Your employee admitted that it should be better stated and something that needs to be addressed. What's unfortunate, is that I probably would have been a frequent visitor, but looks like I will stick to bringing in my own protein powder and making it at work.
5	I have been looking for something easy, friendly and unassuming. FOUND IT. AMAZING staff, great choices. I'm hooked. If you are looking to change your view on nutrition, come in have a smoothie....watch your life change with your dress/pant size
5	Great shakes.  The staff is very helpful and positive, which is important for those trying to get in shape.  Being fat is pretty depressing and shameful and I know people don't always want to ask skinny people for advice.  It's better if they come forward and are sorta pushy with it.They have plans and product offerings for weight loss and are very positive about it.Also when they opened up, they gave out free shakes.  I told everybody at work about it and a few went and got the free shakes.  It was neat.The protein shakes are pricey, but not when compared to a meal.  And if you buy their powder, that's surely cheaper than buying meals.  I'm so glad that there's a local place that will whip up an awesome protein smoothie for me.
1	Highly misinformed nutritional information. The menu reads like a list of the worst possible foods for your body, and the shakes don't contain actual whole ingredients. You know, like fruits and vegetables. They give you a 'weight loss tea' with your 'smoothie', both are made from a powder and (or) flavor syrups. I ordered the Orange Julius, which I thought might have some semblance of fruit flavor...it did not. The 'smoothie' was grainy, artificial tasting and unfulfilling. There is nothing in the Herbalife powder they use, that offers any real nutritional benefit. Just another method of hocking an ineffective product and furthering a well known MLM pyramid, which is almost as unsavory as the shakes/teas themselves. $7 for a junk, powdered shake that bloats you, doesn't even taste like real food and offers no real nutritional benefit? No thank you!!
