5	Hands down the best Gyros in Pittsburgh! There are four types of gyros to choose from: Lamb & beef, chicken, steak and vegetarian.There are long lines at lunch time but, they move quick. Seating is hard to come by as well. You best bet is to get it to go.They offer all types of different things like burgers, wings, shrimp, salads, tuna melts, steak hoagies and much more.They offer Daily Specials as well.Monday  - Free Fries with any sandwichTuesday  - Chicken Gyro with friesWednesday  - Shish Ka Bob SaladThursday  - Gyro and friesFriday  - Fish Sandwich and friesThe only things that I don't like is that they close at 3pm daily and they're not open on the weekend.If God made gyros this is what they would taste like!
4	Best  grilled salmon salad in the burgh! With a price tag of less than $10.00 Even better then what you would pay twice as much for in fancier resturants.  I like to think of myself as some what of a salmon salad connoisseur lolBut really I have gone to places where the size of the salmon is more of a small nugget than a fillet of fish. I always order the grilled salmon salad here and the only time I am dissappointed is when they are sold out. They grill the salmon with skin on it's so flavor and a little charred in the best way.I always have mine made with extra feta cheese. Zorba's does salmon right. The resturant is bright and light and fun to hang out at for lunch.
4	A downtown staple!  Gotta do it!
4	Great for a lunch gyro or salad. I go here all the time for a quick salad. The vegetarian salads are basically roasted red peppers and fries (a few tomatos and cucumbers) so nothing fancy.The lines are typically long, but you never wait more than ten or 15 minutes. Or you can order ahead of time and pick it up.
5	Great place for lunch!The reviews on yelp don't do this place justice.  The food coming out of the kitchen looked great --- especially the gyro's and french fries.I opted for the Quad-S (my term not theirs) Summer Sensation Salad with Salmon.  Big salad, not skimping on the ingredients, and nice piece of fish on top.I'll definitely be back. (once I finish my tour of lunch spots in Pittsburgh, I'm on about #45 without repeating)Plenty of seating, and they move you through quick despite the lines....
2	so, i go in and order a gyro (yee-ro - you know, how you're supposed to say it).  the server goes you mean a 'jai-ro?!' (as in gyroscope), in a very loud kind of condescending voice.  i said, no, i mean a 'yee-ro'.  as if she didn't know what i was talking about anyway!with the greek authenticity of the place seriously in question, i should've walked away then, but i was really hungry and didn't have a lot of time for lunch.  it was just average, nothing special.  again, i've been spoiled by NYC.  besides, i think it's a good policy to not eat where they can't properly pronounce what they're serving.
2	I decided to try this place after reading on Yelp how good it is.  This is no Mike and Tony's or big greek gyro in Market square.  I won't be back.  They only take cash. The workers are not Greek chefs and are very condescending.   The gyro sandwich for $5 was OK at best.  They threw some tomatoes on it. The sauce could be better.  The fries for $2.50 were undercooked.  I asked for ketchup and was told to find a table with a bottle.  We are talking a plain bottle with mystery ketchup. It was definitely not Heinz which is a sin in Pittsburgh!   I had to hunt silverware and straws.  You would think they would give them to you with the meal.  They charge about $2 for a drink with no free refills.  They put a sign that said refills are 50 cents and if you take one without paying you are stealing and subject to prosecution.  You can also get a drink from their cooler for $1.  They are no-name juices or water like you might find in a dollar store for 25 cents or less.  Tables were not very clean.  I was surprised at the number of patrons.  This place is definitely regularly visited. They have daily specials, but the #1 item on my list is quality and taste of food.  They get a C from me.
5	I absolutely love this place! They have some of the greatest gyros I have ever had. However, that is not the only thing they have that is good. All of their salads and sandwiches are outstanding! I would recommend this place to anyone. Also, the employees are extremely nice and work hard to make sure everyone is served as quickly as possible.
4	I always enjoy coming here for lunch.I love that Zorba's has specials everyday- I usually come on Thursdays for the Gyro Special. The gyro is good and they are very, very generous on the yummy fresh cut fries. I've also had the buffalo chicken salad and it's piled high. The handbreaded fish is huuuuge.(way larger than the roll that it's on) and handbreaded.. so winner winner, fish dinner (or lunch!)If I were rating Zorba's homemade ranch, it'd be an easy 5 stars. sometimes I pack my lunch (a quick sandwhich and some crackers) then head over to Zorba's just for some fries and ranch, hahaha!
4	Usually only order their Grilled Chix Salad which is good. They make home made ranch dressing and their salads have no cheese which I prefer. And of course, since this is PGH, fries are included. Definitely recommend.
3	We ran into here after trying to find this sandwich shop called Sammies. Yelp said it was on smithfield near 4th but It must have closed because all we found was a 7/11 and subway. We found Zorba's on the corner and considering how cold it was neither of us felt like walking to search for food.  We stumbled in here after reading the outdoor menu mentioning specials. The hubby  ordered the buffalo chicken salad which is the special on Wednesdays. I went with the gyro salad which came with a side of pita bread. The hubby's salad was huge, topped with fries and plenty of chicken, not to mention lettuce. He choose balsamic dressing which I thought was weird but he enjoyed it. The fries were great, nice and hot while the chicken was mildly spicy but a little bit dry.My salad was just as big but it was mostly lettuce. At first I thought they were a little scant on the lamb meat but  almost like the loaves of bread that Jesus fed to the hungry, it just kept showing up. I was a little disappointed at the quality of lettuce. I hate those big crunchy chunks that you find close the root, they are so bitter no matter how much dressing you use. So the reason I give this place only 3 stars is because of my salad. Crunchy bitter lettuce, gyro meat was a luke warm instead of hot which after 5 minutes made it cold because of the chilled dressing. Not to mention the dressing was rather bland and they didn't add enough to my huge salad so i ended up ordering more which cost 75 cents. The fact that I had to order more dressing even though it had little to no flavor was disappointing. There is enough seating in here but just some simple tables and chairs spread out, nothing fancy or worth taking pictures for. It's almost like a cheap cafeteria which I don't mind if the foods good but I wasn't impressed with my gyro meat or with the chicken on the salad. Sometimes places have an off day so I won't count this place out just yet. P.S bring cash only!!
3	The food is decent most of the time, but freshness is unpredictable.  A little pricey if you don't go with the daily special.  Salads are usually good but cost around $9.  The regular gyros are okay, but certainly not my favorite among the restaurants that serve them dowtown.  I found the chicken gyro to be mediocre, but gave it a second chance thinking it may have just been a bad batch, only to be displeased the second time as well.  Also, be warned it is cash only.
4	Very reasonable daily specials, and large portions, of tasty fresh prepared food.  Not the most gourmet experience out there, but a fantastic value, and reliable consistent experience without a long wait.  I particularly recommend the grilled chicken salad (Bangin' homemade greek and ranch dressing) and gyro's.
3	Zorba's is just "okay" in my opinion. Some people love it and I just don't understand. The salads are good, but the chicken gyro was unimpressive...kind of bland and the chicken was really dry. I haven't gone back since I found Madonna's right down the street - which in my opinion is money better spent.
