4	Lovely friendly service, great Croque Monsieur and proper French chips. Very light and bright space. Only drawback for me - no wifi so I can only go for a quick lunch!
3	Wandered in here on Saturday past about 4pm hoping to get a bit of late breakfast or early dinner but things were clearly winding to a close despite the sandwich board outside proclaiming proper food being available till 17:30. Scones & cake weren't what we were after so just stayed for a pleasant cuppa instead. Can't fault the service or prices but they maybe want to be clearer about when they are or aren't serving full meals.
5	My favourite place for a Sundays meal with the family. Food as always excellent and a great welcoming atmosphere. Great for taking young children.
4	this is a fantastic family friendly cafe which has bistro quality food.  The chef, who seems ever present and cuts a lonely furrow in the kitchen, has delivered some quite excellent meals.  Ranging from the excellent brunch bap, through the very tasty croque monsieur/madam/salmon to the pretty damn fine specials.  The service generally is with a big smile and just the right level of familiarity for remembered faces.  I have to comment on its family friendly credentials - my kids adore the place and the kids menu is good.  It has WiFi (to correct an earlier review).  My only quibble is that the coffee is not quite as good as some other high end cafes - seems perfectly well prepared but just the wrong beans??  Anyway, near perfect for Sunday brunch on a Spring day after a bracing walk down the Water of Leith.
5	Love, love, love this place.For starters the food is always outstanding. The menu changes every week so you never get bored of it and the service is always excellent. This place is run by a husband and wife team and somehow you think it shouldn't work because surely they'll slip up on the service or the quality when it gets busy but it doesn't. They just keep stepping it up.This is a local staple now for me and a number of my friends. Ana is always welcoming of the buggy-brigade and will try and fit you in wherever she can. It's gained a lot of fans over the recent year or so and rightly so! GO HERE it's AWESOME.
5	Fantastic little bistro just off the Water of Leith walkway at the Leith end. They source food locally and I can particularly recommend the poached eggs on toast for a late breakfast. Served with crusty wedges of toast and a crispy side salad it makes a great start to the day. The bistro also supports local artists through an organisation called artspace2let with displays of photography and art. I do have to declare self interest that seven of my photos are currently on the wall but its still a tremendous place to eat.
