4	I never like to rate a Doc on the first visit.  So I've been here a few times and I have to say that I really like this Dr. Office.  Paul Strauss is the one I see and he's a great doc.  More importantly - they have a very competent staff of nurses and assistants.
5	I've been back a few times now and I really like Dr. Paul and his staff.  They are top notch heath care providers and they are real people who know how to balance health care with your busy life.  Entire office has a GREAT sense of humor too!
1	So this clinic used to have a great lead doctor and was run well.  But sadly the staff has become very condescending and the clinic is no longer well run now that Dr. Levins has taken over.  I had a billing issue and the staff would not answer any of my questions nor provide me with copies of paperwork I requested so I could understand what was going on with my bill.  They coded my visit incorrectly and would not correct the issue causing an overbilling.  What was really disappointing was the front desk staff was soooo condescending when questioned.  Love Dr. Sargent but not worth the incorrect handling of my information nor the attitude from the desk staff.
4	I don't recommend seeing the nurse practitioner, Sandy Sargent bc she's kinda on the mean and rude side. I see dr. Strauss and he's excellent. Very nice and professional.
5	I've been going to Tatum Highlands for a little over 3 years.  Dr. Levins has taken over the practice and he's a really good doctor.  I have also seen Paul the PA and Sandy the Nurse Practitioner. I am very comfortable seeing anyone in the practice.  The staff is always friendly and I've never had a bad experience there.
1	I've been going to Tatum Highlands for over 5 years along with my Husband and Son.  Dr. Levins has taken over the practice and he's a really good doctor.  I have also seen Paul the PA and Sandy the Nurse Practitioner. Unfortunately the staff is is completely incompetent and I can no longer receive the care from this office. I have tried repeatedly to have a prescription doctor call me, the office manager and records department leaving over 6 messages for a return call and no one has ever called me back!  Everyone is rude and  apathetic. Horrible Service and I wonder of these three amazing Doctors will ever receive the message that they are loosing patients due to the total negligence of their staff.
