2	I'll give it to Taste of Chicago, it looks the part.  Chicago sports stuff- check!  And that's where the Chicago similarities end.As I must do for any place that claims "Chicago", I tried the Italian beef.  Hmmmm.... notsomuch.  Pretty bland, overly chewy, too thickly sliced.  Wait.  Is this store bought?  You really shouldn't have to wonder that.
2	I agree with Sean, as a Chicago native every good 'street food' type joint has the hot dog statue outside and the sports posters and stuff lining the walls.Today saw me ordering a gyro and I really would not recommend this as a gyro place.  The pita was good enough, but the meat was weird-dry and VERY lemony...tzatziki would hold it's own I suppose but the meat totally took away from the experience.  Seven bucks for a gyro and small pop.  Take that for what it's worth..........I've eaten lunch here previously and I thought the beef sandwiches were okay, not great by any means but I'd order a beef sandwich way before the gyros should I lose my mind and patronize this establishment again.
5	I've been going here for the past six months or so and have yet to have a bad meal.  The owner is a very nice woman and it's a great place to have lunch and catch up on the latest sports news as ESPN is usually on the large flat panels they have there.  In terms of food I usually get the jumbo chicago dog combo ($7.00) which  fills me up.  I've also had the BBQ Beef which is also great.  Being a Chicago native myself, I appreciate the good food this place provides at a great price.
4	Very nice Italian beef and similar sandwiches (cheesy beef, barbecue beef). Nice thick-cut meat on hearty bread, with pretty good fries.Quite a bit different from some of the other Chicago places nearby, but I really enjoyed it, and came by at least a couple times a month when I worked in the area.
3	I don't know if it tastes like Chicago or not but it's reasonably safe to say that the stuff is cooked to order and consistently greasy and overstuffed, so maybe it is like Chicago?The atmosphere is cool I guess, but I'm a Bears fan so it's cool seeing the old memorabilia on the walls.
4	Best. Cheese Fries. In the State.  Hands down the hand cut fries are outstanding.  The order is HUGE so share it.  The Chicago dog was good, soft bun, tiny diced onions, yada yada - I look forward to trying their Italian Beef.  The food is priced well and there were enough seats to eat in!  If this place had a little better atmosphere, I would give it 5 stars.  Also, not a huge fan of the employees, although I guess relatively surly cashiers and cooks is truly reflective of the Chicago Hometown HotDog joint.Down the street from my office, I'll be back weekly! Where's the nearest gym????
3	Taste of Chicago is an interesting place to enjoy some Vienna Beef Red Hots.  I particularly liked their Italian Beef, but the best part is sitting around looking at the Bears stuff and watching the Cubs on TV.  Not a lot of south-sider stuff, though.Just look the Super Dawg statue.
4	This place is pretty delicious. I've come here for a while and the food is consistent. I enjoy their cheesy beef and their delicious fries. So if you like greasy food and ESPN, this place is for you.
3	You'll find better dogs in Chicago, just about any place.          Here's the rub ... Arizona, is not Chicago.             Taste of Chicago put out an OK dog.Just about as good, as you're going get in the Phoenix Valley.About the only thing you can BARK about here, is they raise theirprices quite frequently.WARNING ......... They close @ 4:30pm
3	Don't get me wrong, this place is tasty, but goodness sakes, did I seriously just pay that much for a hot dog that tastes like the $1.50 ones at Costco down the way?
4	Moved to AZ from Chicago about a year ago, and this is the closest I've found to a good Chicago hot dog.  They actually know how to make them, which is a step ahead of almost everyone else around here.  Their fries aren't bad either.  A bit pricey unless you catch one of their specials.  Good lunch place, plenty of tv's, friendly staff.  Nothing compared to authentic Chicago food, but again, the closest I've found out here so far.
3	***************Consistently Good***********************                   They close at 4:30pm .......watch your timingSince we were going to a late afternoon movie ........ we stopped and ate first.The Hot Dog Combo Basket with fries and included drink .......$5.68 + tax.Everything was delicious.I'm not sure ....... but I think their using 12 dogs to the pound.I'd prefer 8 dogs to the pound ...... it makes for a far better sandwich.Anyhow ........ their far better than Al's Beef or Lukes.However, "Taste", will never be competition for Chicago Hamburger Company.
3	This could easily get a higher rating after a second visit but for now i'll leave this at 3 stars. As a native of the Chicago area, I'm always craving some of my old favorites. I've tried plenty of places around town and Taste of Chicago has the best Italian beef I've tried outside of the Windy City. It's a kind of a hole in the wall kind of place, though it is clean and well maintained. I really enjoyed my Italian beef but it failed to send me into the ecstasy food coma I regularly feel in Illinois. The fries that it came with we're pretty mediocre and had a weird after taste. Not a whole lot of atmosphere but thats easily forgiven. Overall a positive experience, but a return visit is needed to get a better feel for the menu.
5	The hot dogs were spot on great but the guys behind the counter made this a special stop.
2	Went here for lunch after driving by several times and most likely will not make a second trip.  The hot dog selection had variety yet $8 plus for a hot dog seems steep. The cashier that took my order was not the most pleasant to deal with and seemed perturbed when I asked to add some things to my order.The food was good yet again, they are hot dogs and even I can make hot dogs. Good luck to this place yet not one of my faves.
4	I am wondering if some of the older reviews pertain to previous owners as I think this place recently re-opened, maybe has new management?At any rate, I had a great hot dog here, they told me the hotdogs were shipped from Chicago, they sure were yummy!  The guys behind the counter when I was there were really nice.  They also have homemade tamales, didn't try them as I was full, but next time for sure.  Not sure what was ordered for $8.00 cuz my hotdog was in the $3.00 range. I would give it a try if you are in the neighborhood!
5	I love this place.  I go there regularly for lunch.  I always find the staff friendly and the food excellent.  My fav is the brat - really good.  I don't know about the review describing an $8.00 hotdog.  A regular Chicago dog with mustard/ketchup and Chicago bright green relish is $2.99.  I find their prices very reasonable for the quality of the food I've had.  Anyway - I really like it.  Reminds me of home - Chicago.
5	This place is awesome!!!  I have been coming here for years but stopped for a while because the lady that owned it for a while was a complete psycho!!!  The new owner is great and he remembers my order when I come in.  I usually get the Monster dog.  Delicious!!!!  Everyone who likes Chicago food or just hot dogs should come here!!!!
2	Fresh and good but the actual hot dog on the Chicago dog tastes like one from the grocery store. Meets the craving for Chicago but not completely.
1	Microwaved bun , no snap to the casing of the Vienna dog because it sat around in the steamer too long, French Fries barely warm and soggy   If this place was in my home town of Chicago , they would be out of business and run out of town in less than a week!!  Shame on you guys. Hey Everybody. This is NOT the taste of Chicago
2	Nothing special...  A so so Chicago dog!!!No resemblance to the dogs I had in Chicago this summer.  The place is more like a "Taste of Cleveland"!  You get what you pay for... but not here!!!
4	I ate here yesterday was ok.  So ok I'm going back today. I had the Brutwurst dog combo, yum! Today I'll be having the chicken sandwich. I like the casual setup, liked when I walked in the place it was filled with men ....lol! Keep you posted.
4	Whoa, the Italian Beef is outstanding! I am also a fan of the Chicago Dogs. I like fries a bit crispy, so I need to ask for them that way. Otherwise, their fries are a tad limp.
