4	We are so happy to have a German restaurant so close to home now. Our first visit was during their first week after opening. The waiter was very friendly and helped offer suggestions from the menu. They have German beer and wine selections available that both of us enjoyed. My wife ordered the schnitzel with mushroom sauce and I ordered the sauerbraten. Both were prepared quickly and we enjoyed every bite. This will definitely be a do-over for us so we can try more of the menu.
5	This is the best German food in this town period. You will not be disappointed . I have eaten at the Bavarian Castle twice now, and both times the food quality and taste is superb. The chef carefully prepares her food in the true Bavarian style. The owners are very nice and friendly and make you feel right at home. The interior is spotless. Very nice decor. Prices are very reasonable for such a high quality eating experience. I will be back.
4	Great German food here. Nice selection of beers. The waiter was very informative and answered all of our questions. We tried the Vienna Style Schnitzel and the Pretzel Dumplings with Mushroom Sauce. Both were delicious! We especially enjoyed the fried potatoes with the schnitzel. The apple strudel was great for dessert. One suggestion is to have suggested beer pairings with the entrees.
5	I love this place! I've been here three times during lunch. They give you just the right amount of portions. I've tried the Brat, schnitzel and curry wurst and I loved them. I also want to take they're pot of soup home with me because it takes so great:!!!
4	We did enjoy the food,Everthing was good except....I felt the mushroom sauce was way to spiced up with to many herbs....Maybe be a little lighter on herbs...Staff very nice,this should be a real hit!
5	This place really has some great German food. The prices are very reasonable. The wurst was fresh and homemade. I would recommend that everyone try this place if you like authentic German food.
4	Just happened to pass by the place tonight and decided to give it a try.  My wife had the goulash and I had the pork with cream mushroom dish.  Both were extremely fresh and very good!   The dinner salad was OK, but I say that only because I don't like frilly salads like theirs (with dandelion, etc.). The service was excellent and the waiter was very friendly.  It feels like a family owned type of place, where a lot of love and hard work was put into it.  It's not easy to spot and it's made even more difficult to find because they have outdoor screens covering their storefront...can't tell they are open.  I would definitely recommend...  Very good!
4	The food was quite good though over priced. Service was OK. Perhaps still getting the kinks worked out.Spoke to the Chef, lovely woman born in Bavaria. Knows her stuff and it shows. We will be back. We will bring friends.
5	Excellent service. Authentic atmosphere. Amazing food. This is my second visit, I would eat here everyday if I could.
4	Authentic, family run German restaurant just before Anthem. Very authentic in every way. Excellent traditional German food and hospitality from a very friendly and attentive staff.
5	This  are for Iris, the Chef. She is not an owner. After speaking with her and hearing of her rather impressive resume, (she was a personal chef to a couple of magical Germans, yep those Magical Germans)Her food is authentic, pure, you can taste the love she puts into every dish. As I deduced, the waiter is not a relative, just a guy who speaks German so they hired him. I asked if they prepared food for "to go" orders and she said most definitely. Lunch prices are a smidge less expensive. And you don't have to to deal with the "ambiance" or the slightly odd gift shop of dioramas that they sell. I have the feeling you should enjoy this establishment while you can, the last 4 places lastly about 6 months.ps....did find out the lease agreement should be a red flag. Their AC went out 3 weeks after signing the lease, and the renters are responsible for ALL REPAIRS TO THE BUILDING. Ex: HVAC, plumbing, etc. explains a lot as to why great places like Bread & Butter just bailed instead of fighting "The Man". Where I come from, they're called Slum Lords. Oh Well.
5	Just finished the most amazing Rahmschnitzel, served by the fantastic crew of this German gem. Will definitely frequent often.
2	I'd say 2.5 stars. Decent but odd dining room. Food is better than the looks of the place would lead you to believe. If you're just interested in good food this place will fit the bill. If you're looking for more of an "experience" then another place may be better suited for what you are looking for.
5	So this review is from an OLD visit. I'd been meaning to write this and am just now getting around to it. Better late than never right?So, I've been a diehard Germany soccer fan for a few years now. I was really excited this World Cup and had already watched 2 games at the Hofbrauhaus which cost me more than I'd like to talk about. Let's just say I have no qualms with drinking at 8am. SO on a whim I decided to check out if there were any other German joints that were: 1. Closer to me and 2. More affordable. Lo and behold this place popped up on my search a WEEK after they opened! Talk about fate!I call them asking if they'll be showing the game that morning, to which I was told, "If you're here for the game, our door will be open!" So next morning I show up, decked out in my jersey and facepaint, and they let me in before operating hours to watch the game (Germany vs. France, we won of course) and serve me and my boyfriend beer. Talk about service! And getting to smell all the wonderful smells from the kitchen as they were preparing for the day made the day even better!Not to mention the food is SO GOOD. German cuisine, in my opinion at least, is the ULTIMATE COMFORT FOOD. The potato salad (Kartoffelsalat) is a different variation of what I'm used to making or getting, but YUM! I wanted spaetzle, but the machine was broken that day, thankfully I was not disappointed with the salad at all. Topping off the whole experience is the expertly made from scratch Apfelstrudel. DO NOT HESITATE TO ORDER THIS! It is just like my Tante used to make, SEHR LECKER!I'll definitely be back here not only to enjoy the wonderfully authentic food, but to support the lovely people who accommodated a wild soccer fan on the day of the World Cup Quarterfinals. I appreciated the hospitality more than you know! :]
5	What a great find! Delicious food, authentic, and reminded me of time spent in Germany. Will be coming back very soon.
5	Excellent food and very friendly people. I spent a summer in Germany and this took me back! Quite authentic and delicious!
1	I've got to set the record straight...  I believe the glowing reviews of this place have GOT to be plants -- friends and family who are trying to do the restaurant owners a favor...We went there last night and the food was absolutely dreadful.  The meat in my dinner had a terrible texture and taste to it, and was very dried out.  It was (fortunately) slathered in some kind of brown sauce so I could try to disguise it and sorta' choke it down.  The noodles on the plate were totally flavorless.  The cabbage was just okay.  I wound up mixing all three components together and hosing the entire dinner down with salt three times to try to make it semi-palatable.Normally I take leftovers home, but not last night...  I left it half-eaten for the busboy to return to the kitchen, who apparently sees that behavior a lot because they never even noticed that the dinner had pretty much gone uneaten.  Considering that the entrees were priced in the mid 20's, that's some pretty expensive crappy food.My husband's dinner was also pretty inedible.  Even the salad was terrible...  sounds crazy, but I challenge anyone to try to eat that salad and not come away with a thought process along the lines of "what a waste of calories."  Even our WAITER was bland...  and their processes were a mess.  The father was apparently responsible for running payments, but only did so AFTER he quit circulating through the room chatting with those patrons who speak German.  We waited a good 20 minutes just to get our check and then another 10 minutes just to get our credit card slip back.  If I could give this place ZERO stars I would... NEVER going there again.  Yuck!!  :-(
5	Just finished a fantastic meal here.  I feel like I'm in Germany!  The service was amazing.  Excellent recommendations from my server.
5	came here lunch time. prices are good. got schnitzel in creamy mushroom sauce. it was really tasty! great German restaurant with home style cooked meals.
2	Adam WUnfortunately I wasn't too impressed about the restaurant and the food.. Nevertheless I will start with what I enjoyed.. German cuisine is not Always the most popular but to prepare the many exotic dishes... It's going to be tough to compete.  The service and atmosphere was nice.  But when it comes to the food. You better win the customer over on the first visit if you want repeat customers. The presentation is and must be atrAttractive to the eye and and the taste must be able to stop the talking at the table but afterwards not stop by getting the word out.  I had the pretzel dumplings with gravey and mushrooms. . Sounds good and tastes good... But I just wished they had put real pretzel Instead of rye bread. Will I go back... Probably not... There are just too many other eateries that will give you a better experience.
5	Food was great. Expensive but you honestly get a home cooked dinner at a restaurant which isn't easy these days
4	Great local place!  Good food, service and atmosphere!!  Have been there three times and have never been disappointed.  Owners are so friendly like eating a family dinner:)
5	This is the only German restaurant in Henderson, so I want them to do well. Good food and decent service.
4	This place is really good I had the champignons schnitzel and the pretzel dumplings in mushroom sauce. They had a great selection of German beers and the price for the beer was very reasonable. The food is a little pricey but the portions are big, except for the pretzel dumplings they only give you 3 and no side dish so you're hungry after you finish, I wish they would add a few more dumplings to the dish considering the price. The staff is very friendly and everything seems authentic. They don't have a great vegetarian menu. Also they seem to be using frozen french fries but they're still good, you'd figure a mom and pop spot like this would have homemade style fries. All in all it's a must try.
2	My friend and I visited this restaurant in September based on a good review in the local newspaper. She is from Switzerland and is familiar with what good German food should taste like. She ordered the Bockwurst for lunch and I had the Rahm Schnitzel. We both ate the salad that was also provided. We both came away with the same impression - sub par to say the least. I also ordered an Octoberfest Beer which turned out to be the best part of the meal. The Sausage was not firm like traditional Bockwurst and lacked flavor. The Schnitzel was also so so in flavor. The restaurant next door had a sign that read "Best Thai Food in Henderson". We should have gone there. The RJ reviewer must had had too much wine before the meal to give it such a good review!
2	We were hopeful about finding a close German restaurant in Henderson' we will try again here...We went on a Sunday afternoon; apparently a slow time. We were glad to see a lunch menu.I ordered the schnitzel w/ mushroom gravy; JB ordered the Vienna Schnitzel. We opted for salad - it was a very good interpretation of a German salad, especially the dressing.My Order: Looked great; it came w/Pommes Frites. The fries were very good, but not particularly what I consider a German side. The Schnitzel was tasty, a few tough areas requiring lots of pressure to cut. The gravy was LOADED with mushrooms (YUM), but also pieces of bay leaves - not expected.JB's Order: Unfortunately, she experienced a tough cut as I did. The potatoes were a bit dry, but tasty. Having just been on a river cruise in Germany last year, we were a bit disappointed; but will try again. We don't like the noise at the Hofbrauhaus. Cafe Berlin is a bit far and hours are not attractive for us to go for lunch.
5	What a hidden gem. You can tell every dish is homemade. The food service and everything about this place is worth 6 plus stars. I highly recommend and will be coming back!!
4	A nice family-owned restaurant in the Anthem area of Henderson. The schnitzel was good, the beer was delicious :-)Unfortunately, they were out of: sauerkraut and potato pancakes because they had a very busy day, with only one cook, and we arrived (like most of their customers that day I imagine) without a reservation.The server who recently came here from Germany, was friendly and fun.
5	Hands down the best German restaurant in Las Vegas. They were out of the potato pancakes but everything else was excellent.  Save room for dessert and get the strudel, you won't be disappointed.
5	Really love this little spot. I've seen a few German restaurants come & go in this town, so when I read about this one I was quite pleased. Both times I came for lunch, and both times were consistently as good (however that could be due to ordering the exact same meal lol.) Everything seemed authentic & freshly prepared. Friendly server was informative, friendly and efficient. Can't wait to come back for dinner. Time for some Romanian style goulash! There are 50% off coupons sometimes in local advertisements, so keep an eye out.
4	Soooo MUCH FUN! The food was good and ABSOLUTLY 'd our server, Nicole~ she is charming, funny just a joy!!!    The potato pancakes "THE BEST" a DEFINATE must have~ I ordered the weinersnitzel with the creamy mushroom gravy & mashed potatoes. It was OK~ my husband had bratwurst w/ warm German potato salad and raved how delicious it was. He also had a German beer that was FAB! I don't drink beer  BLEH ~ nor sausage double BLEH, BLEH!    Be sure to order the desert, apple  strudel....INFRICKINCREDIABLE!! REALLY!! Served warm with ice cream,  topped with whipped cream and dusted with cinnamon.   This is a small family runned business, check it out I don't think you'll be disappointed.....ask for Nicole
5	We went last night and loved it. When we arrived there was only one table left. Fortunately we were seated. We should have made reservations. We were greater immediately and made to fill at home.The food came out quickly even though they were down a cook. Nicole took great care of us. I had the rouladen and my wife had one of the schnitzels. All was great. I want to try the sausages next.Just make sure you try the strudel. We will definitely be making a return visit.
4	Our second visit to the restaurant was as good as the first.  Home cooking.  Friendly service. we've samples the sausages, beer and the cutlery with mushrooms along with sauerbraten. Alm have been good.
