4	Awesome place for a  bowling outing!  The place is very clean - with practically brand-new bowling shoes (always a plus when you think about putting your feet into the same shoes that countless other people have worn!).   They offer a full snack bar serving beer, sodas, various appetizers such as fried mozzerella sticks, french fries, and all sorts of other stuff.
4	We've been going here since they opened since we are not that far away in SC.  It's a very clean place, and has some fun things to do.  The main attraction is bowling.  It can be more expensive than the normal bowling alley, but they often have coupons, group rates, discounts, etc.  They have about 16 lanes.  They also have mini bowling (for kids or adults) for $2.50 per game and that is fun.  They have one of the better laser tag arenas I've seen, and most of the equipment usually works.  They have a decent amount of video games as well as arcade games for kids.  The tickets you win are kept electronically on the same card you purchase to play games (nice and eco-friendly).  There is also an inflatable room for kids.One of the most surprising things about this place is the cafe.  The food and beer are leaps and bounds ahead of other fun centers, and they are not terribly priced. I'm not saying it's gourmet, but you'll be pleasantly surprised.  They serve local beer like Olde Mecklenburg and other crafts like Fat Tire.  They have good salads, sandwiches, wraps and pizzas.  They offer dinner combo packages, so check their website for details.The main reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because there are no outdoor activities.  A small mini golf course would be fun, but there may not be room.  All in all it's a great place to go for a little fun - especially in winter when options are limited.
4	This feels like a 7-10 Split.  Almost a strike, but just enough to give you that oh crap feeling.Usually we will stop in on a week night, last time we were there it was just $20.00 for 2 games, which included shoes.  It must have been a special, as this time was a whopping $7.50 per game and $4.00 ea for shoes.  ($36.66 for less than an hour for 2 people). I am not much of a bowler, and I am sure I could not last more than 2 games, but it just seems a little steep for the time it takes to play.The lanes were pretty busy, so apparently I am just out of the "how much it really costs to bowl" but assumed it was cheap as it has always been regarded by me as a "redneck sport".  The place was clean, the staff was friendly, and has a lot of cool things to do if you are younger.  From video games, to laser tag, to the climbing wall that probably couldn't hold me due to the weight restrictions, but the Sports Connection could be considered a "Chucky Cheese on steroids"Of course, I will be back as I did not do that well, and need to prove that I am a man of all sports, and will not allow a neon glowing bowling ally to defeat me.NCFoodGuy
4	We always enjoy this place.  Lots of options for kids of all ages.  Hand dryers in the bathroom are the loudest scariest things I have ever heard!  Our kids are scared of that, but love the place other than that!
1	This establishment is only out for the all mighty dollar and has very little interest in your child's wellbeing.  Our child' 3-year-old preschool booked an end of year school party at Sports Connection months in advance.  Without notice, and through an accidental discovery, Sports Connection happen to let it slip that they also booked an entire 5th grade class' (11 and 12-year-olds) end of year party at the exact same time and date.  They never tried to make concessions or apologies about the over booking.  What made the situation even worse was that fact that Sports Connection didn't even apologize or offer a suitable alternative.  They knew that they would make the money regardless if a few 3-year-olds were there or not.  We are highly disappointed in the attitude and posture that Sports Connection took on this matter.
5	Love this place
5	This place is great for all ages.  I came here with my boyfriend and we played lazer tag like we were 10!  It was such a blast I had to do it again.  The bowling area is fun too.  We don't have kids but I enjoyed all aspects of this facility including the video games and simulator.  Good for a rainy day, birthday party or just hanging with friends.
2	I don't think I've ever walked out of this place and said to myself "Wow, what a great experience".  I have been for mostly little kids birthday parties.  The party experience at Sports Connection just lacks imagination and soul IMO.For one thing it's expensive to have parties here.  Next, the bouncehouse area is neat, in concept.  But the staff here are basically uncaring teenagers who do nothing and are not managed properly.  They slam the kids into the bouce house area without a care for the kids that are participating for example if you have 2 parties of kids that are 5 years old and you allow some 13 - 14 year old kids in the same place that are entirely too old and big for the bouncehouses someone is going to get hurt.  Kids of all ages running around like lunatics hurting each other and dominating the bouncehouses without any form of control is a recipe for disaster and does not make for a fun time.  Kids are crying, falling and unhappy because there is nobody in control of the room.  True, the parents should be watching their kids, but you know how that is which is another rant on a different site.They have "party coordinators" which again, are uncaring teenagers that should be more motivated to ensure that a good time is had vs. just rushing people through the motions.  Next, the food.  YUCK.  Hungry Howies must make a mint off this place, but if anyone other than a 4 year old who doesn't know any better eats this crap I'd be dumbfounded.  It is terrible.  You might as well serve the box it comes in since they both taste the same.  I've been here numerous times and am done with this place.
4	I love this gym! They have alot of the new  cardio equipments! The facility are nice and clean!
3	Sports connection is a lot of things. For many hours in the day it is a kids birthday party Mecca and rainy day play outlet. On Saturday nights it because more of a bowling alley. The pizza is decent and they have some good beer choices on draft including OMB. The bowling alley can be very busy and it's not cheap but you will have fun.
5	This place is better than Best Buy! I am I big fan of the prizes they have inside there arcade machines I have won an iPad 2, Xbox 360, and an iPad Mini. It is a great place to have fun and I highly recommend it.
5	Went to this place for a kid's party recently --- when you have kids, you go to a lot of parties at places like this.  Went to another "bouncy place" recently and it was terrible compared to this place (see my other reviews) - this place was fun!I don't always think about writing reviews for places that run the way they should or give you service you expect.  You just take it for granted that you get what you expected.But we've been to a couple parties recently for kids and --- compared to the other place --- the sports connection just rocks.  They have their act together.  I might have given this place just four stars because initially I was pleased, but not thrilled.  Now that I know what the alternative is in this area, I appreciate how well they do what they do.Lots of space here --- bowling and games and food for adults, too.  Private party room for the party and the kids and parents.  Very enthusiastic and helpful party coordinator who was also excellent with the kids!  Easy to park and get inside and attractive inside, too (I'm thinking now in comparison to the other place we went for a party).  More options for activities than the other place we went to.  I see someone's comments where they didn't like the teenagers working here --- it's like that in a lot of places where the staff is young.   The guys are walking around trying to look tough and the girls are dressing in pants and leggings that are way way way too small for them.  I got the impression the staff here were better managed and motivated.
5	Love taking the kids there. It is a little pricey but what do expect?  Even fun for date nights for mom and dad too.
5	We went on a Monday and arrived at 10:30am.  We only had 7 people so a party booking wasn't necessary.  We paid $120 for 3 attractions and a $10 game card for 4 children, plus 3 adults got in on the laser tag.  Awesome price for 2-3 good hours of fun for 6/7 year olds.  Place was practically dead, hence why we went during the week.  Staff let us keep the cake in a fridge and use a cart for our stuff.  I have to admit, for being a younger staff, they were all really nice and professional.  Smiles, helpful, accommodating.  We'll be back.
5	Fun Times!!This place is huge & has so much activities to keep yourself well entertained. We had our company team building here and did bowling, lazertag and played arcade games!The food was great, service was excellent and the staff who helped us plan everything was extremely accommodating!Best tip about his place: in the arcade area they have skeeball : )
5	i am happy paul was there to help me on the phone with a credit card issue.  Also this place is great for winter break from school. if it didn't have camps and I couldn't send my son, Harley I wouldn't be alive to write this review right now. Totally worth it, they get so bored at home and there is only so much I can do to entertain him.  He was eager to go back every day!
