4	I stayed at their hotel and the poker room is right downstairs.  Conveniently located by the restroom which is great!  I think the service here is good.  Drink services are fast also which is a plus.
4	took a star off because some one has some mad B.O.
4	The tournaments and table games offered aren't overly diverse, but they have pretty typical limit/NL hold'em choices. The room is really small compared to other popular poker rooms in Vegas, but TI's is clean and the staff is friendly. And there's a margarita bar about thirty feet away in case your bad beat drives you to drink (like mine did...)
4	I stayed at Treasure Island Hotel with a casino conveniently located inside the hotel along with a plethora of other amenities like spa services, dining options, shopping, etc.  This was my first time going to Vegas and I enjoyed the hotel and all it had offer.  I also liked that Treasure Island was located off the Vegas strip, so it was easy to get around by foot, bus, or cab.  The hotel room itself was pretty nice, too, and we had a really nice view of the city  and the pool area of the hotel.  I would certainly recommend staying here for anyone who's planning a trip to Vegas and looking for an affordable hotel that's in arms reach of everything!
2	Nice room but staff is in different and or not friendly (not rude though) . I will play elsewhere. Girl behind poker counter seemed like she didn't want to be there. Dealers no too friendly either. Plenty of places to play that appreciate your business. Poker room is moving to strip side of casino, but to bad there customer service is staying!
3	Not many frills, but pretty solid overall.  Gym was nice but you had to pay extra for it
3	Friendly dealers are the biggest positive about this poker room. It's extremely tiny, with a very limited number of games running at any given time. I've stayed at TI multiple times and know from experience that you'll be hard pressed to find a game above 2/5. However if you enjoy small multi-table tourneys, you'll like the schedule that TI has everyday. The small usually has tournaments running throughout the day, and your odds of cashing in a smaller pool are much higher. I'd recommend to play here if you are just looking to kill time and have a little thrill. For all your higher limit needs, I would  go across the street to the Venetian where any limit/ any game is running at any given time. Perhaps the best value daily tournament is at the Aria, their daily 125 at 1, very good turnout usually, will the winner usually taking home a few grand.
5	First time here, but I am going to be a regular. We went for my daughter's 21st birthday...... She had never played 21 and we played after 12 midnite so the tables were a $15 min.  No cares, and No problems..... the dealer and the pit boss were angeles.  They helped her, educated her, and really cared. They were not there just to take our money $$$$$$$.  Her and I each used $100.00 and played on it for over 3 hours.  When we each walked away with our original $100.00.  Not too bad for 3 hours of FREE play entertainment......I totally recommend anyone who knows or wants to learn to go here........ the real plus was it was very, very clean......
5	The T.I. poker room (since the last time I went) has moved further into the casino near a burger/hot dog restaurant.  It used to be near the Mystere theatre.Anyway, I went here the other week and was quite impressed.  The room is small.  From my recollection it had 6 or 7 tables.  They primarily run a 1-3 NL Hold 'em game.  But when I went I went with friends for their 10PM tournament.The tournament was run quite well.  It was a $55 buy-in, 20 min levels, get 5500 in chips, first hour you have (I think) rebuys, at the end of the first hour (which is the first break) you have the option of saying "My stack sucks, I want to give it up and start with a fresh stack of 5500 for $55".  So not bad.Staff was pretty friendly.  I think Jesse was the lady dealer that I was talking to.  She was a very friendly and helpful dealer.  Wish all dealers at the other "strip" casino poker rooms were as nice as she.If you're looking for a clean poker room with a good/decent poker tournament structure and deal.... T.I.'s got it at 10PM (I think they have other times, but I can only speak to my experience).
1	Horrible poker room. No action! Maybe, 1-2 tables going on a regular Saturday night (not holiday). Go elsewhere.
