5	I love my windows, they look great! I had to reschedule my appointment to earlier in the day, and he was able to stop by my house around 7:30 AM that morning. He finished earlier than expected, and the windows look very professional. Great job!
5	I just got the windows tinted on my BMW X1 at All Pro Window Tint in Surprise, AZ.  The window tinting job that Dave did was awesome.  My brother had All Pro do the windows on his car a few months ago.  I'm from the Bay Area and saw the tint job that  Dave did when I was visiting him a few months ago.  I knew I would be in AZ with my car in a few months, so I sent Dave an email asking to schedule when I was there.  Dave replied quickly by email and we scheduled something for early morning on the day I was leaving Phoenix.  Dave did the tint job with me watching him (and didn't een charge extra).  He is a perfectionist.  His garage was clean and a very nice work area was setup for doing tint work.Dave used SunTek Carbon Series on my car with darker tint levels for the back than my front windows.  I received a Suntek warranty card filled out as well.  However, I'm not expecting any problems.  Dave was very careful when installing the tint.  He covered up the interior that would would get wet during the install and made sure everything was dried off quickly as well.  He got all the tint below the window seals so there is no risk of peeling up.  The overall look of the car is much improved as well.  Tint always looks good on white cars.  I'm very impressed with Dave's work.
5	I have used All Pro Window Tint for 2 cars and now the house.  David is always right on time and does an excellent job.  I have always been 100% satisfied.  He is never pushy and will give you honest information.  The car and house looks great.  I recommend him to anyone.
5	Excellent work! Dave was very careful and conscientious , providing a beautiful tinting job for my car.  Highly skilled,  personable and competitively priced. I highly recommend him!g
5	I had Dave come out to my house and tint my Scion TC. When he showed up he and a full spectrum of different shades to pick from. He only uses high quality tint which is a little pricey but pair that with the flawless job that he does and the price is WELL worth it. I have had bad tint jobs that have needed to be re-done in the past so spending a little extra on quality tint and quality work was definitely worth it, plus, the tint job comes with a lifetime warranty. You can call him up and he will give you a quote right over the phone. No bubbles or waves from Dave, I will be giving him a call next time I need something tinted!
5	Dave came to our house in Mesa, Az and did our window tint on our house. I can't say enough about the great job he did! His wife Melissa , came first to do the free estimate, no pressure. This is a family run business which is great too. Well, when Dave came he was prompt, got right to work, is a very personable person. He made it look so easy! He cleaned the windows , wasn't messy and cleaned up as he went window to window. The job was completed well within the window of time. Yes, I would and will recommend him to everyone I know, that wants it done. The house feels cooler already, plus we love the privacy look. So, thank you Dave and Melissa !!!!!!!Michael and Irene Mesa, Az.
