4	For a public pool, Mesquite Groves has it goin' on.  You should visit while it's still new.Highs:2 water slides (and they are respectably fast for a city pool), lazy river, water vortex, large kiddie play area with assorted sprayers, fountains and a dump bucket.Separate large pool with lap lanes open at all times, 2 diving boards, large deep water swimming area and a basketball hoop in an area of about 4-5' depth.Admission is $1.50 for adults and .50 for kids.  This pool is planning on remaining open year round as well.
5	Mesquite Groves is awesome, and my little guy loves the bucket of water, I mean I think I can get him o pick up his room, clean the living room, and be nice to his sister just so he can go to the water bucket.Seriously the amount of fun you can have for such a small amount of money, it would be redonkulous not to try at least once.
5	This is the nicest city pool in the whole east valley. It is more like a small water park. A huge lap pool, a seperate pool with a large kiddie play area, 2 water slides, spray pad, whirlpool, lazy river. Cheap fun for the whole family. Hours vary so go to their website for summer hours. They do get VERY busy in the summer and are often to capacity by 1pm so go when they open, or later in the afternoon around 2 or 3 and you should be fine.
5	This pool is awesome!  Kids are $1.00 to get in, adults are $2.25.  Pool has really good hours, and lots of room.Locker rooms are ample, with lockers, bathrooms and changing areas, showers and of course, toilets.  Two swimming areas, one is more for the kids, and the other is for the adults.  There's diving boards, life guards, and several places to sit and lay out to catch some rays.The only downside to this place is that its always packed!  Get here early to get a place to sit, as it fills up quickly.  Water is refreshing, parking is ample, and despite it being one of the busier pools in the area, is worth the time for the refreshment alone.
4	Mesquite Groves has the best "lazy river" of all the Chandler Pools.   You float around on inflatable tubes, which is unique to this location.If you have toddlers, they will thoroughly enjoy the playground in the zero depth area.  This place is a little out of my way, bit I still make the trip out there about 3-4 times every summer.  Get there early.  Real estate is scarce when it gets busy.
5	Be prepared for long lines on the weekends, and if you don't come early you won't have a place to park your fanny to catch some rays. It's very cheap $2.25 for adults and $1 for kids under 17. We had a blast, the lazy river is neat. and my son didn't want to leave the kids area.
5	This is my favorite public pool in the entire valley.  It's super cheap - 2.25 for adults, 1.00 for kids.  You can bring in drinks and snacks as long as they are not in a cooler (weird).  They have a snack bar. It's very clean.  Oh and the most important part, they have a lazy river, two big water slides, a whirlpool, toddler play area with more slides, basketball, lap pool, diving boards.... I think that's it.  It's quite a drive but it's worth it.
5	This was the best water park!  The whole family (parents + kids ages 3 & 6) loved it.  I would definitely go back!
5	Best city water park in the East Valley!
3	We went here over the weekend. It was my two step-kids, baby, husband and myself. I told him if we went between 12 and 2 we could all go in for 1 dollar but he decided he wanted to go an hour later at 3... why? I don't know. Anyways, my two older kids had a blast. They go here every summer and love the lazy river and slides.  This was the first time my daughter came and I was just playing with her very close to the beginning of where the concrete slopes down into the water-where the huge bucket was. I swear we had to move like 7 times because kids were running into the water and splashing her face. There was another kid that had a toy squirt gun and was swinging it around and almost hit my daughter TWICE. By the second time I yelled at him and he got scared and ran to his dad. Trust me I stared at his dad for a good 5 mins. PARENTS: Please watch your children, because if not your child will me marched over to you by me! I understand that kids are here to have fun but what if your kid was the one that got hit/hurt by another child. Wouldn't you do the same thing?!  Besides that turd of a kid, I would bring my family back here summer after summer!!!!
4	A fun place to take the family.  Tips:1. The whole family gets in for $1 on Sundays from noon to 2.2. Take your own chairs if you want to sit outside for sometime. All the available seating is pretty quickly claimed (even though not in use). They should change the policy that a chair can be claimed only when in use.
5	Fun water park! And great swim classes for the kids too!You might want to get there as soon as they open on weekend open swim days in the summer to get chairs as it fills up fast.Fun place for the kids really!!
5	I had a good time here with my kids. It was busy on a weekday. Get there right when it opens if you want to snag a shady spot.
5	So glad I found this park a while ago. For a couple dollars we can stay and play all day or just a little bit and you don't feel like you didn't get your moneys worth. This pool has water slides, a lazy river, a great children's play area, a fun little "toilet bowl" experience and a diving/lap pool. Best place to spend the day with my little waterbug and not drain my wallet!
5	Went here with the family yesterday, we were looking for a not overly priced water park checked yelp so we went! It was awesome! My daughter loved it, it was crowded but just of families having a blast and it wasn't too bad. Parents were actually watching their children, no rowdy people, and concession stand prices didn't go past $2! Also Admission on sundays are a dollar for the entire family from 12-2 on sundays!Parking was not bad there were still spaces when we got there an hour after the place opened. You can bring food just no glass, but seating gets filled up quick so unless you bring your own chairs you will just have to make your own seating. There are lockers and also the lifeguards are every attentive. Would recommend this place for families to cool down and have fun without breaking the bank!
4	Lots of different things available for all skill levels. The kids love it. Would love to see more shaded areas to sit. Overall a great place to kill a few hours and wear out the kiddos. Get there early to wait in line to get a chair. Or wait until lunch time and it opens up a bit as people leave.
4	I like the fake grass.  U can lay your towel down and not get grass all over it  they have a lazy river three slides and 2 diving boards.  There are usually a lot of children in the summer time but you can sit in the shade and enjoy a nice cool drink
4	dual slides to race the kids down, that's what I'm talking about! plus its only 10 mins from the house
5	Really? A dollar for 4 of us? I couldn't believe it when we arrived on a Sunday. We drove a little extra but it was worth it. Sure $1 dollar to get in that day was great, but their normal prices are really good as well. There is plenty for the kids to do as they have a small lazy river, lap pool, water slides, shallow kids play area, and a, (not really sure what you call it), swirling pool. The one thing I wish they would change is the cooler size policy. People brought in chairs and shade tents, but you are not allowed to bring in a cooler bigger then a six pack of soda. Don't know why, but they should let you bring a cooler big enough for 6 water bottles and some snacks. They should check the coolers if they are concerned about alcohol. Other then that I still give it 5 stars for fun factor and price.
3	Three stars would've been a 5 had I not witnessed a few of the lifeguards not being so nice to kids. I get that it's hot and crowded but if you don't like kids go work at a retirement community pool. Other than that, the facility itself is great. Can't beat $1 admission!
5	What a great water park for kids!  They have water slides, swimming areas, a lazy river, a giant bucket that tips over when it gets full, misting areas, and plenty of shaded areas with tables and chairs.  The Changing rooms as with the rest of the park are well kept and clean too.  As for safety, lifeguards are positioned all over just in case.  The craziest thing about this place is how cheap it is to get in!  Thank you so much to the city of Chandler.  Why can't my home city of Surprise put even half the effort as Chandler has into public parks like this?  I'm jealous!, and certainly will be back while the temps stay warm.
