5	The hotel was perfect and the food at the restaurant was delish! It is a well decorated hotel with a stylish modern flavor. The room was beautiful and the bed was extremely comfortable. The fitness center was to die for. So much that I spent 2 hrs in it!I would definitely go back there or any Renaissance hotel for that matter.
4	Used the Renaissance for a meeting in early January 2010. The price for the meeting was good and the food was top notch. The service while we were there was great.  The restaurant is nice and the water fountain in the middle sets up a feeling for the whole place. The Southpark Mall is right across the street and there are multiple high end restaurants in the local area.
4	Fantastic Suite on the first floor!  Because the Marriott I booked was over booked, I was transferred to the Renaissance for a night.Terrific decor, great customer service and location!The only setback was that the suite I was in, had a sitting area right outside and a loud group was right outside the bedroom until 2am and then at 6am the folks in the workout room began dropping weights, etc...  That's just random luck dashed with a bit of poor layout.The staff did everything they could to be helpful and provided us with a great experience!
5	Very nice hotel in a trendy and upscale area.  Within walking distance to South Park Mall and several shops and eateries.
4	This hotel is perfect for the wine tasting held in Charlotte....we were in walking distance to the amphitheater and the mall was right there as well....definitely a pretty hotel, but I believe they may have had smoking rooms in the past and we may have gotten stuck with one. The decor is lovely, and the restaurant is delicious. The folks traveling with us requested another room because she could not bare the smoke smell in their room. They quickly accommodated them, and they lived happily ever after...would go back!!
3	The hotel itself is beautiful and comfortable, it's close to Southpark mall and lots of restaurants. But I've found the staff very 50/50; in the morning the cleaning crew will yell up and down the halls very loudly, the front staff ignored me for several minutes when trying to get checked in after midnight after a very late flight!  The restaurant is decent but extremely overpriced and good luck finding someone in the evening to even seat you; after a few frustrating evenings I found it easier to walk or drive to a nearby restaurant for faster and better service, better portions and prices that didn't make you feel like you slit your wrist open to pay the bill for measly food. Nothing is included in their bloated room price, you will be nickel and dimed for everything.
4	While it has not been executed yet, I still want to review the Renaissance Charlotte. We chose this place for our upcoming wedding ceremony and reception. It has been a very pleasant experience so far with Erin helping us all the steps of the way! The grounds and inside are very nice and classy but still has a party vibe which for us works just fine. There is a fountain on the inside with a courtyard behind it with a large tree to get married under. There is a ballroom (a few actually) that is big enough without being so large you cant fill it with tables and the food we selected for our tasting was pretty darn good. I like the layout of the rooms as well.
4	Very nice hotel.  I don't know the history of this place but I believe it was a recently re-renovated older hotel.  They did a nice job but as one of my colleagues said, somethings they just can't change and update and it's pretty apparent i.e. elevator and elevator buttons.  The customer service was excellent, I felt like I was important!  Maybe that was because my status with Marriott Rewards but I dunno.  They upgraded me to a corner King room which sounded really nice but the room itself was probably equivalent to a typical room in a more modern upscale hotel i.e. Westin.  The room was kind of dimly lit and there just wasn't enough lighting in the room.  Even though, it had some modern, contemporary furniture in the room, it reminded me of the "old person home/style lighting" which isn't ideal.  Re: Noise level, you would think by now they would have figured out how to reduce the hallway door slamming noise.  Luckily I was not in the middle and I was on an end room but I still heard a great deal of door slamming in the middle of the night and in the early AM.  Though I am writing some complaints, I think the overall experience was pretty good.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to others.  If I am to travel to Charlotte on my own terms (non-business), I would probably try to stay in a Westin or Hilton brand hotel though.
4	Wow what a great hotel!  Located right in South Park near the mall, this hotel is easy to get to.When you walk in you are instantly greeted by the friendly staff.  The decor is trendy and fun - kind of IKEA-ish.  They have a little shop right off the lobby with lots of items you may have forgotten.  The rooms are very nice - nothing spectacular.  Clean tho and quiet.The ballrooms are huge and typical 'hotel ballroom'.  The patio area outside is nice with a huge tree and seating areas with fire pits - great for those chilly nights.The bar is fun also with an ok selection of wine.  There are high-tops as well as regular tables to grab a meal.Parking was a little tight but other than that it was a great stay!
3	Pleasantly surprised.  This hotel has been in Charlotte for quite some time so I didn't really expect too much.  I've had a couple business meetings here but never had the pleasure of experience their hotel rooms.Staff was kind and courteous.  Only concerning thing out of the whole visit was the gentlemen running the bar that night.  He seemed a bit off.  Placing drinks at wrong ends of the bar and handing my someone's credit card.  Oh well, we all have off days.The rooms were nice and clean with a contempary feel to them which is more my style so that worked well.  My visit was under the guise of a wedding and reception and I will say the staff on hand behind the bars and serving the food were great!  The outdoor atrium area is a great locale for a low key, yet romantic wedding.
5	The reviews about the Executive Lounge and the Gym are spot on.  While the Lounge lacks alcohol, it is well attended and has some great small plates.  They had a chocolate stout beer cheese, that was out of this world.  The Gym was adequately equipped with a little something extra in the refreshment station where you could pick up an apple or a glass of water.  Off the Gym was the pool.  Sadly it was not very appealing because of the small size, lack of outdoor space, and that fact that it didn't have a hot-tub.  The rooms and meeting room accommodations were outstanding.  My room had dark rich wooden floors and a layout that reminded me of a Springhill Suites.  The bedroom was separated from a lounge area with a desk and a TV.  This made the room feel both spacious and gave the two spaces it's own identity.  Our meeting room was extrememly well attended by both the technical and food service staff.PS: While the Lounge lacks alcohol, there is always a cocktail or wine at the reception area that you can pick up on your way.
4	Fastest easiest check in I've ever had at a hotel. My husband was able to book the room for myself and two friends for a girls' weekend. The room was very well kept and spacious. There was a mini bar, a fridge, in-room tea and coffee maker and selection. The bathroom has soap, toothpaste, and a hair dryer. We took the hair dryer off the back of the door so that it wouldn't keep banging. We were treated to some loud late night activities in the room next door, but that was the extent of the noise disturbance. Check out can be done via the in-room tv.
1	I had a very bad experience with this hotel where they promised one rate AND confirmed that rate then refused to honor it when I arrived though I had the paperwork.  I complained at all levels of management and again they refused to admit the error which was one generate by their computer.  BEWARE!
4	Stayed here for one night while on a business trip. Very nice hotel and within walking distance to the mall with lots of shopping and dining options. Front desk staff was very friendly (maybe even a bit over zealous) and I was even offered a glass of champagne upon check-in. They automatically upgraded me to a nicer room, which was a pleasant surprise.The hotel was pretty quiet, but it didn't appear to be all that busy, so maybe that's why. My room was clean and plenty big. The work area was comfortable with plenty of plugs and lighting. Unless you are an Elite member, Internet access is $12.95/day. In this day of age, I would expect at least Wifi to be free, but sadly, it's not here. There was also plenty of plus on both night stands, which was also a very pleasant surprise. Plugs were very easy to get to as well. As for the TV, the premium channel here is HBO and you can use the StayConnect mobile app to control the TV. The room is equipped with a safe, small fridge, plus the usual coffee maker, ironing board, iron, etc. Bathroom was big and bright with a combined tub/shower, but the shower curtain is on a curved bar making the shower feel a bit less cramped. The sink area is within the bathroom, but there was plenty of counter space to put your stuff on. The bed is a bit on the soft side, so for me, my back was a bit sore in the morning. Due to the short stay, I did not get to use the fitness center, dining options, pool, etc. All in all, a very nice hotel and one that I would stay at again.
5	I cannot say enough great things about this hotel.  Stayed there on business this week and the staff is INCREDIBLE.  Everyone was extremely accommodating.  Got there just when lunch ended right before a meeting, and they still served us lunch!  Also, Chelsea at the front desk was amazing.  She remembered everyone's names in our group and called us by name every time she saw us.  She worked to get our rooms available early, and made sure we were happy with our rooms (I traveled with 2 co-workers).  The rooms were super clean and bright, and the public area restrooms had this awesome spa salt scrub for your hands, which i promptly ordered online (suncoastsalts.com). I definitely recommend it and will definitely stay there in any future trips to Charlotte!  Thanks staff of Renaissance for making my trip very enjoyable.  Additionally, the bar staff was amazing!!!!!
4	Great location within walking distance to the mall and several great restaurants in the south park neighborhood in Charlotte.  The hotel is nice and has above average service and amenities.  There was complimentary champagne, sweets, and breakfast every day of our stay.  We were out and about in Char and didnt utilize everything the hotel has to offer but the bedding was very comfortable and the bathroom was large and included all basic needs (shampoo, conditioner, hair dryer, etc).  I even wheeled a big old chair into the bathroom to help my sister get ready for a night out (hair and makeup).  We set up in impromptu vanity....pumped up some music and had some vino.  Good times!  This beats the downtown Marriott in my book (no additional cost for parking).  Yep!  Oh, and there is a restaurant you must hit up for breakfast or lunch right near here (Terrace cafe).  Oh so good!
5	I do not think I could say enough good words about this place.. Maybe it's the southern hospitality I am not used to or maybe this place is just that great! From the moment I checked in they carried my bags.. And a martini and appetizer upon arrival YES PLEASE not to mention you could sneak down and grab the complimentary drinks every night when people walked in (I don't know if I was supposed to do that or not but it was great) the rooms are a good size with a fridge and a nice view of the southpark mall! Not to mention you're literally in walking distance of at least 10 great restaurants.. Not sure where to go?! Just ask the staff is so helpful and friendly. I highly highly recommend staying here
1	Seemed like a nice hotel if I could have stayed there... Booked 3 nights, Mon through Thursday; my flights was cancelled on Monday so I couldn't make it to Charlotte until the morning.  Called the hotel to let them know (before the 6pm cutoff time) and they said they couldn't keep the other two nights as the rates had changed.  I tell them to leave the reservation as is, and I will just check in in the morning and pay for Monday night...Show up on Tuesday, no room.  At all.Got sent to the Renaissance Airport - which frankly has its own bad story.  Will post that there.Believe this is a Marriott problem - taking it up with them.
5	Stellar experience with this hotel. For the services, room size, food and beverage, and amenities, this is a great deal for the quality. Reception was professional and courteous and excelled in not crossing the line between friendly and obnoxious. Complimentary chilled water with various fresh fruits as flavoring (this is great for families on long car trips with thirsty kids), some chocolate sweets, and even champagen (watered down, yeah, but who's counting? I'll take it) are all complimentary at the front desk as you check in. The valet was a little overzealous, but again, not abrasive and unpleasant. Staff were all amazing--attentive, nice, efficient, great with kids, and no one seemed like they hated being there or was riding on a power trip. Bartender made great drinks. Breakfast, which I usually skip, was awesome, and would have been worth it if it had not been included on the tab for the room. Easily one of the best hotel experiences I've ever had, if not the best. Will be returning for sure--looking forward to visiting during the off season.
1	Couldn't even get through to make a reservation. A brief hold is not 6+ minutes. Not getting my business.
5	I loved this hotel! My husband and I stayed here for a weekend getaway and this hotel was the highlight of the weekend.  From the time we got out of the car we were greeted warmly by the valet. The front desk staff was amazing, friendly, fun, and professional.  Especially Raina. The entire hotel smells so refreshing and the decor is modern and vibrant. We stayed on the 7th floor in the executive suite. The only word to describe the room is amazing! It was very clean, had an awesome view of the city from the balcony.  The furniture in the sitting area was nice. And the bed was very comfortable. But the best thing in the room was the shower! I spent an hour in the shower and only got out because my husband forced me too.  We enjoyed breakfast in the club lounge that was pretty good. We will definitely be coming back to stay here again the next time we are in Charlotte.
2	Not keen on the Christmas Decorations. In one location a Christmas Tree was hung upside down. Disrespectful!
5	Great service :) everyone was very nice. We have children and they went the extra mile in helping us .. Excellent Josh .
5	You don't have to venture to uptown Charlotte for an amazing hotel experience. My wife and I booked their spa getaway package, and it was truly a relaxing time. We were greeted with a smile, champagne, and chocolate mousse bites as we were checked in with true hospitality.The room was clean and up to date with a nice widescreen TV to watch as we lounged on the comfortable bed. No noise from the other rooms whatsoever. It was almost like we were on the whole floor by ourselves.Room service was the highlight of the evening. You can even order from the menu of the hotel restaurant, Flagstones, which has better offerings than the regular room service menu. The gentleman who delivered the food was so helpful. We wanted chocolate covered strawberries for dessert, but they weren't on any of the menus. He told us not to worry and they were delivered later that evening. So, if it's not on the menu, don't be afraid to ask. They may be able to accommodate your request.Breakfast was also delicious as we had access to the Club Lounge. Eggs, bacon, bagels, fruit and fresh coffee made our morning quite nice.Don't think you have to trek into the city for a world-class hotel. Stay in the SouthPark area and be wowed by this gorgeous hotel.
5	Hotel is lovely. I was treated so nicely from the moment I checked in until I reluctantly had to leave! Check in was flawless- had to request an early check in due to an early flight and this request was accommodated without hesitation. Walked up to registration desk and keys were ready- check in completed in less than 2 minutes. I had a club level room due to my Marriott Rewards status so I had access to the club lounge which was nice. They had a nice breakfast each morning! There was plenty of fresh fruit and a variety of options to choose from.  Wine or champagne plus a sweet treat were offered each afternoon during check-in. The lobby and common areas offer nice seating, bar and restaurant as well as seating and fire pits in the outside courtyard.The hallways and rooms are nicely finished. The rooms themselves are decent sized - not large but not small. The bathroom is a little cramped. It's fine for one person or two. There is parking in front - but not a lot of it. Once they fill up it's a bit of a hike around the hotel to get to your car. They do have valet parking (which is part of the reason the space is limited). But self-park is free so that's fair enough. The rooms do have a fridge. The only down side is you have to pay for the internet if you are not a Marriott Rewards member.Two things make this one of the best hotels in the area. One it has a great bar and bartender, they have food until pretty late into the evening as most places in the area stop cooking by ten. Second is the hotel in general has great facilities as their gym is a step or two above the normal gym as first time I have seen a hotel pool with a device to assist people into it. They also have a nice courtyard for large groups to hang out in and have drinks.Nice restaurants in the area, within walking distance. Big mall across the street- shopper's haven! I will absolutely stay again- an exceptional hotel with exceptional staff!
5	This was an absolutely great hotel. The hotel is decorated beautifully with modern furnishings and the staff is friendly and helpful. -Someone always opened the door for me while entering and leaving the hotel. - nice bar area, with some additional private table seating- courtyard is so romantic and whimsical. There were several tables with outdoor gas fireplaces! (Next time I'm breaking out the s'mores!)- the club room served an excellent continental breakfast with perfectly ripened seasonal fruit, eggs and the best dang bacon ever (thickly cut bacon cooked to just the right amount of crispness), Starbucks coffee, soda, water.- the room was clean big and decorated nicely.- it's located in South Park which is near all the shopping areas and close to Charlotte depending on where in city.I would definitely stay here every time I go down to Charlotte! I just wish it was closer to my office. There is so much traffic in the morning on Tyvola Rd and highways. This doesn't have anything to do with the hotel but it might be of relevance if someone had a long commute in the morning.
5	We chose this hotel as our block for our wedding and we had approximately 35-40 rooms.  Everyone raved about the customer service.  Our contact Lisa, was amazing with communicating with us before the event and even surprised us with a dessert tray.  The staff was courteous and friendly.  The amenities were great.  The bartenders stayed busy with us.  Everyone had a blast.  I highly recommend this hotel.
5	Wonderful location, great service & staff, excellent food!!Best tip about this place: the spinning top style chairs in the front lobby!
4	IT'S REALLY PRETTY. Why does that matter? Because your experienced is always subtly enhanced when the venue is aesthetically pleasing. This one is just the right mix of modern, and traditional. The beds are comfortable, and the rooms come with mini fridges. Bathroom is fairly roomy, with plenty of counter space, and there isn't mirror placed on the back of the bathroom door so you don't have to awkwardly watch yourself pee. There's an ample scattering of outlets, and a flatscreen TV. Wifi, however must be purchased separately, $13-$16 depending on the speed you want.Hotel is within walking distance to so many dining and retail venues, and anything else you could possibly want is a short drive away.Pool is a little small, unless you want to get intimate with the random stranger who is taking up most of the pool simply because he's in the pool in the first place. Gym is full of the newest fangled exercise machines, but they don't have fans in them. Instead, the hotel provides each machine with pre-sanitized sweat towels and cold water.
5	I have been coming to this hotel for almost 5 years.  It is one of my favorite places to stay whether I'm in Charlotte for business or pleasure.  The staff is always very friendly - all of them whether they are up front opening the door, at the desk or in the awesome lobby bar that has multiple flat screens to catch sports.  The hotel has a nice gym - not huge but it has everything you need.  And you can walk across the street to the mall and dozens of wonderful restaurants  Great hotel and plan on staying there for my upcoming visits to Charlotte.
3	This location was great, right across from the mall. + 1 starThe bed was comfortable with nice linens and comfy pillows + 1 starThe facility had great coffee available in the mornings downstairs + 1 starThe gym downstairs was small but had everything you could need + 1 starThe downstairs bar is nice and open late + 1 starThe walls are extremely thin and we could here every shriek and run of a child each morning around 6:00 a.m. - 1 starThe AC vent was at the very back of the room and would only go down to 73 degrees and it didn't feel like it cooled the rest of the room. (Ie. not fun trying to blow dry your hair while dripping with sweat) - 1 starOther than that, our stay was fine. A solid 3 star option, but I don't think we'd stay here again.
5	Great hotel in a great location. The property is very nice far better than average workout room. I did not use the pool but it looked decent. The service was great. Check in reminded me of a Ritz Carlton (the only thing missing was using my name when giving me complementary snack and drink at check in). I never had to open a door (a nice extra but I don't mind opening doors).
5	I would stay here again, and again, and again!!! The staff was very welcoming upon our arrival. The hotel is lavish, sophisticated, up-to-date and very clean. The location to the mall is in walking distance. Just simply cross the street if you will! It has a very clean indoor pool with salt water! The fitness center is nice with a sauna;)
5	This hotel was very nice and reasonably priced.  Everyday the lobby had flavored water and at night they stepped up their game with wine, champagne, cookies, etc.  always something different.  The front desk people were also very nice and pleasant.  Rooms were great.  Beds were soft, bathrooms were clean, and overall decor was great.  The only thing I noticed is that the hotel was a little cold (lobby and hallways). I did not mine but my family did.  The workout and pool area were fantastic.  Very nice for a hotel.  The one thing I did not like myself was the strong scents on the main floor of the hotel.  I had to sneeze a few times because of the strong scents!  I will definitely be back next time I return to Charlotte.
4	I usually do not review hotels. But very impressed by this one . The location is great across from South Park mall . The hotel is very modern inside and fun kids loved the orange swivel chairs on shag rug. Room was very nice bathroom could use some more updating . Came in after long day and they had complimentary glasses of Chardonnay wine and very pretty cup cakes along with the infused water. Think this is a really nice touch and leaves a nice impression of going the extra mile and shoes care.I like the idea of the infused water in lobby and at the gym area but if it not replenished looks bad that it's empty needs more monitoring. Would stay here again
4	This is my new go-to hotel in Charlotte. Very nice hotel, very clean. Cute bar area in the evening with great atmosphere. Good size gym (a must for a large hotel). Room service was great, good food and coffee (as you all know I have a coffee problem lol). I don't usually like a super soft bed but HOLY CATFISH, the pillows, and bedding was like sleeping on a cloud. You literally melt into the bed and wake up in the exact same position, no tossing and turning! I just found out I will be spending a lot of time in this area for work and as long as they have availability I will be there! Book in advance as I just found out I'm going next week and the hotel is already sold out...next time I will be back here! Oh, and great location, close to mall, restaurants, Whole Foods, FedEx, etc.
5	Back again, this time for a relaxing weekend with my husband.  I'm pretty much positive now that this is THE hotel for me in Charlotte.  Great staff (made sure we didn't leave without an umbrella when there was rain due to hit), comfortable rooms, and a relaxing atmosphere.  It's a little pricey, but I feel like you really get what you pay for.
4	Overall nice hotel. To be honest, had I made the reservation myself, I likely would not have stayed here, but work made the reservation, and paid the nicely sized room rate for me. (I think it was around $300/night. Not worth it in my eyes.)The hotel is positioned in a corner of a very nice development. Plenty of restaurants and office parks in the general vicinity. In fact, some of our clients ended up being in the building that shared the parking lot!Rooms were clean, and the place was nice. There weren't a ton of places to sit in the lobby, but we always found a spot.I'd stay again - as long as someone else is paying the bill!
