4	Although just minutes away from bustling and slightly scruffy Leith Walk, venture to the eastern part of Leith Links and you'll find a completely different atmosphere.  Here, among the gracious pillared houses that line this part of the park, you feel as if you're in a quiet and genteel suburb.  Bijou Bistro, which aptly describes itself as "A Local Eatery" fits right in here, a cafe/restaurant that is a hub for well to-do mothers with small children in tow calling in for a coffee and a piece of cake during the day, or couples enjoying a self-indulgent brunch at the weekend.  There is also a full evening menu, where each dish can be ordered in one of three sizes, "bijou", medium, or main, a slightly gimmicky innovation, but one that does allow those with small appetites (or budgets) to try a few different items.  The only thing I've tried so far was the veggie breakfast, which was generous and satisfying, made more enjoyable by the establishment's laid back vibe, tasteful decoration and large, light windows looking over the Links.  This is certainly a nice place, meriting a return visit.
4	Edinburgh needs more genuinely local eateries.  Bijou is a small but friendly cafe off Leith Links.  Been around for a few years now and has continued to evolve through a change in management.  Good quality basic menu (most dishes in 3 sizes) with some good specials.  I like the friendly feel that welcomes you for a coffee or for food.  Kids welcome too.
5	A hidden gem! This place is friendly, welcoming and warm. The menu may be a little on the small (dare I say bijou?) side but they change it regularly and there are always daily specials on the board in addition to the menu itself. The food is excellent - have not had one unpleasant experience. It has a BYOB for a small corkage fee if you want to take advantage of this - or, indeed, the cheapest Peroni in Edinburgh!Love it!
4	Awww bijou is so... bijou! I see from other reviewers I am not the only one to fall into this trap. However, let me talk more about Bijou than my lack of originality in writing reviews. I've been eyeing up Bijou for so long I was convinced it would close down before I got round to visiting the place. But, happily for me, that wasn't the case, and we were able to take our non hungover behinds there after a wedding in Leith. It's such a pleasant, quiet place, and the waitress who served us was lovely. We had the fry ups (veggie, non veggie) and to be honest, the veggie breakfast wasn't much different from any other breakfast I've had (less oily, mind), but it's hard to vary something when what it comprises of remains relatively static. However, the ambiance of the place is great, and I am looking forward to trying out their evening menu for size. It definitely is a gem, and worth keeping around.
5	Great local cafe / restaurant. I stay nearby and love going for breakfast at weekend. It's chilled and relaxed and the food is excellent. To be honest, better than you might expect for its location. I've also been in the evening and again, excellent food and service. This is gem of a local business which deserves our support!
5	Magnificent meals and evening...The menu, flavours of each meal - I loved my grain-fed chicken - the atmosphere the wine selection, and particularly the warmth and genuine good nature of the owner/ host all led to a five star family dinner. This evenings visit to Bi Jou restaurant has made our visit to Edinburgh. Thank you so much for a brilliant meal and evening. Happy anniversary to this clever owner and his talented staff. Bliss. Affordable bliss at that. And the wine listings, HILARIOUS yet true! Visit for those and the quality of the meals if nothing else. Thanks to Trevor our concierge for his suggestion, ... a superb choice.
