3	Cool theatre in downtown Montreal.  It's in a super-convenient location in a one of the busiest tourist areas of the city.We were visiting Montreal and though it was sunny throughout most of the weekend, it did end up raining our final morning there, so we decided that instead of hoofing it through the streets of Montreal in the rain, that we'd chill in a theatre and watch a movie for a couple of hours.Luckily it's connected to their underground pathway system so no need to walk in the rain to get there.  Also, it plays English movies, as I understand that some theatres don't.Didn't try any of the concession stand offerings, but they looked good. Cost was about average for most theatres.Only negatives I would  have are the number of floors at this location...we climbed up what seemed like 10 storeys to get to our cinema.  Anyway, probably not a bad thing since we gorged on food all weekend and likely needed the exercise.Oh, and they had some technical difficulties with the projector so the movie started about 10 minutes late.
3	Cheap and convenient location.  Kind of showing its age though.Doesn`t have all the first run movies showing.
4	Good place to watch movie....especially Tuesday night after work
4	This place is always packed so they always have good number of employees running around the floor to ensure good service. They have two tim Hortons, NY fries, and I believe Pizza Pizza as well? Anywho I like the food quality here, better then most theatres anyway. Rest assured even if the theatres dead your popcorn will still smell of freshly made with buttery flavour. Plus they have great arcade and gaming zone set up, so its great for a movie date out or even group of friends/family. Then again maybe Im just lucky... MU AH AH AH AH Happy movie watching folks!
4	Good theaters - but all the theaters should have AVX seating instead of just one.Service is decent.I frickin HATE the herding method of getting people to by tickets.IMAX theaters are awesome :D
5	Great as before and this time they even had a bar upstairs! Go checkkie :)
3	This is theatre is ok, it's a cookie cutter theatre in the middle of St Catharines St in Montreal.  The prices are expensive but not as much as TO.  The only thing that I think really sucks here is how you get lined up for tickets.  It's a little annoying as I find the area a little cramped on a busy day.The theatres themselves are pretty much like all their other ones for seating and screens.  If you're in the area with some time to kill, you should check out a movie here...or to even get out of the heat or cold!
3	After a sad experience at the Latin Cinema telling me everything was in French, I decided to try again.  This place is HUGE!!!  Three or four levels of theatres.  I thought it was kind of expensive for a matinee, but the seats were super comfortable and if you could get past the crack addict at the end of the row screeching and stomping his foot every few minutes, it was nice.  In full disclosure I have to say that I was REALLY tempted to walk into one of the other shows after mine was finished.  Decided to keep it honest though.
4	bought my tickets from my phone, scanned it at the self-service thing! Skipped the long line at the ticket booth. It was great to be able to get in the theatre quicker and choose great seats.Didn't wait long at the concession booth. Got a 10% discount since I had a Scene card (strongly recommend it and its free! www.scene.ca).Tickets are getting more and more pricier though! The staff are great too!
4	A decent enough theatre, although it's a madhouse buying tickets inside. If you go on the weekend, be prepared for crowds and for new releases to sell out. They sell tickets online (movietickets.com) and there's a dedicated kiosk to pick them up near the main entrance.A word of warning for AVX showtimes - buying online gives you "best available" seats, which means you're at the mercy of the system. Going in person means you can pick your seats, but you run the risk of a sellout.
3	Hollywood movies in English. Specials on Tuesdays. Big crowds. Decent seats.
4	My favorite big theater in Montreal, where they play most of the big Hollywood releases (it depends on the movie, but if the movie isnt playing here, it will be at the Pepsi Forum).  Conveniently located downtown, it is easy to catch a movie after work.  The tickets are a little pricey, but the overall experience seems to match the ticket price. On Tuesdays, they have half off tickets, which cause huge crowds to form.  I have only braved it once and that was because a friend purchased the tickets online ahead of time.  Its a zoo if you don't get there early enough.The food is not that great, other than getting some candy and that sort of stuff.  The seats are comfortable and there is usually a good amount of room to move around.Overall, a great time to shut your mind off to the outside world for 2 hours.
2	Uck... what a disgusting place. I don't know why it is so hard for them to keep this place clean, or things working, but every time I have come here, things like the soda fountains are not working, and the bathrooms are just horrendous. No wonder I don't go out to movies very often!
3	The cinema is always very crowded, and they usually have most if not all of the new openings.I just wish the washrooms would be cleaner than it is, and that the condiments would be cheaper (even with the SCENE card).Tuesday night is movies night, so the price for any ticket is halved.
4	Great place for date night
3	This is my usual movie theater since it is conviently located in the heart of downtown.  They've recently upgraded the theaters with comfortable new seating which is nice and they also show the major Hollywood releases.  The prices aren't good but then again that holds for the majority of theatres.  If you have the Scene Card every 11th movie is free and you get 10% off food so that kind of helps.  The free movie though can't be used for the UltraAVX or IMAX releases.  What really irks me though is that they show commercials before they get to the trailers and actual film.  I don't enjoy paying high prices to see ads.  I can stay home and do that for free thank you.The bathrooms here are always disgusting.  Try and avoid using them if you can.  The crowds too can be a big turn-off.  It's usually best to buy your tickets online ahead of time because on a busy night even the self-serve kiosks have a long line-up.  You also need to show up really early if you're going to a popular movie especially on a Tuesday (tickets are heavily discounted on Tuesdays).  I've sometimes had to show up an hour beforehand to make sure my friends and I all got decent seats together.  If you're willing to pay a little more though for UltraAVX you can select your seating when you buy online.
3	I can't be sure, but some of the theatre ceilings look like they have black mould on them. Given that there has been some ceiling water damage its a little suspicious.
4	Ah, the old Paramount Theater. Good memories over the years. I don't like watching movies in the suburbs as there is nothing to do once it's done but get in your car and go home. Here you can discuss the movie while walking around downtownThey normally get the first-rate movies and the leftovers go to the Pepsi Forum.The prices are higher than Guzzo,but this is Downtown and they have renovated the seats, which are awesome. The screens are much larger than Guzzo and the Imax is awesome.There's a small arcade, lounge area and eat-in tables. The popcorn and candy is outrageously priced, but the burgers, chicken strips and nachos are kind of reasonable and made on the spot. There's a Tim Horton's on the premises that's priced the same as all others, so that's a bonus.There are all sorts of discounts (Scene card, Cereal Boxes, Gas Station 2 for 1, ticket for $8 from Burger King with any trio purchased),so if anybody is paying full price on a non Tuesday and complaining, it's their own fault.I wish they would play more of their classic series, it seem to be intermittent and not as varied as before.As for location, this is the Heart of Downtown for me, close to everything.Before cell phones, this is the corner we would meet before a night out, it's linked to the underground city as well. .
4	Movies and Imax theatre by Simons shopping and underground mall/food court.
2	Its a great big cinema that is well maintained and pretty clean. Seems always packed when I go, which is to be expected. What I really do not like about this place is the service. Almost every time I go and get a simple order of food it gets missed up. I don't enjoy being stuck at the counter and late for the opening of a movie because they are fixing a accidental double charge to my card. Their restrooms could use cleaning.
5	This is my favourite spot to watch a movie in Montreal as it is close to my place and usually shows the best movies. The concession is pretty good although in other cities like Calgary I find the options to be better. The theatres are comfortable and the screens are large. No complaints and I will continue to watch movies here unless a better theatre opens up.
4	Clean, comfy chairs, in-house doughnut shop (Tim Horton's)... what more could a girl want? We saw Gone Girl here, great movie.
