4	Great place to drink some ale and watch Les Habitants!  Wings looked good too... I didn't try them because we were full from one of the delicious french bistro's in town.
2	The Cage aux Sports is to Quebec - what Hooters is to the Southern US. They are everywhere, the menu is the same and they are boring.I had gone for lunch and wanted to order the hot-chicken sandwich. Was politely told by the waitress that they didn't have any bread to make the sandwich. HUH? I'm no chef, but when I suggested that they substitute it for a hamburger bun and that I would be happy with that - she said the cook won't want to switch.So I ordered a burger because they had a new menu with some "specialty" burgers. The patty was not fresh - it was the variety that you take from the freezer. Probably with grill marks already produced on them. It was not an enjoyable meal. A friend of mine had the grilled chicken wrap - commented that it was alright also.Another friend of mine had the roasted chicken breast - said it was great, nice and moist chicken.Just goes to prove to you - stick with the old.
2	Wings are small and WAY overpriced.
3	good place to grab a few beers and a meal before the game, atmosphere is excellent, very good service, meals are kind of plain, frozen fries and such, but what I expected - you can't really have a huge menu in a restaurant connected to the Bell Center on game nights - the kitchen staff would never be able to keep up.  Prices are a little higher than most of the other pubs in town, but it's a good place to go before a game.
3	Its a sport bars.  Great venue with a bunch of TVs so you always have a view.  It is pub food and well priced.
4	After bending over for Habs concessions, this is a good place to get a beer. Try the Rickards "Cage Box" (or something Frenchie like that)...$10 for a HUGE 32oz jug. The meals are good for a bar grill, and staff is nice...but why must it be a SWELTERING JUNGLE every time I go there? Turn the temp down!
5	Best burger of my entire life. No joke. So juicy. Get the Brie and mushroom angus burger!
2	I did not enjoy my experience here. My boyfriend and I were kind of excited to see that their nachos come topped with bacon. When the waitress (finally) came by to ask how everything was, I asked her if there was supposed to be bacon and she simply said "yes it's small".. it was just lackluster service and food quality.It's a get-what-you-pay-for experience, I guess. It's close to the Bell Centre, but so are other places that will have better food and service. The only thing I really liked was that you can have free popcorn... that's pretty fun :)
1	It's a sports bar, but that doesn't mean the staff have to be half-a**ed and not give a s**t.Our server was rude right up to the point where my girlfriend spoke French. It's Montreal, don't pretend like this is the first time you've had people speaking English. This is located in a touristy area (Bell Centre, Train Station nearby...).The nachos are supposed to have bacon on them. Ours didn't seem to have any, so we asked. We shouldn't have bothered asking - we were treated like idiots for asking. We eventually found a few crumbs of bacon. Don't describe the dish on the menu with bacon then have brush us off because we couldn't find any.Scratch that - we found two chips with hints of bacon.Thanks for the free popcorn...that was the highlight. Again, this is just a sports bar and not a good one. Go elsewhere. This place gets business because it is a chain and has a notable name. I guess the beer was cold...they got that right.
