4	I went to Bona Terra last night for the first time after hearing about it for years.  It was like a great first date with me thinking about the experience much of today.  Chef Douglas Dick is nationally recognized with recognition in some of the national food magazines and has been recognized with an award for one of the best "farm to table" restaurants in the country.  He's all about the best ingredients and the menu changes daily because of that.  When you make a reservation they call you back to confirm and give advice with respect to parking and other details.  Great start!  It's located in sharpsburg which is a working class part of pittsburgh.  The restaurant is right across from the "family dollar" retail store and located on the same street with many "shot and a beer" establishments.  The space itself is, well.... not nice.  What can I say?  He must really want the focus on the food.  The lighting is bad.  The ceilings are low.  The furniture is Ikea or walmart and the bathroom is tiny.  The silverware is target and the plates are uninteresting.  The service is slightly above average, but still mostly 20somethings working till they  figure out what they really want to do.  The Maitre'd, Adam was actually very good and helpful and honored our request for a printout of the impromptu tasting menu we requested.  But, the FOOD!  OMG is the food incredible.  The food is on par with some of the better restaurants I've been to coast to coast, not the best, but this can stack up in any city.  A friend that I had lunch with suggested that we ask for a tasting menu.  We didn't even look at the menu and just asked the server to ask the chef to make us as many dishes of whatever he wanted with no restrictions.  I suggest you do the same, but Kathy said they usually won't do this on the weekends, so better to try for a weekday.  Ok, the meal started with an amouse bouche (sp?) which was a piping hot cauliflower soup.  It was pretty good, but not memorable.  The first course was amazing.  It was a perfectly caramalized dayboat scallop with a strawberry chutney and a 20 yr. aged balsamic.  This combination was the best scallop I've ever tried.  It was like the first time you had ice cream.  The next dish was a pan seared grouper with vegetables.  This dish was cooked perfectly and presented beautifully, but for me it wasn't memorable.  The seared tuna with microgreens and candied kumquats (what! as if kumquats werent' sweet enough) and toasted almonds was delicious.  The "prime" lamb chop came next and was the best lamb chop I ever had paired perfectly with collard greens.  The waiter then asked us if we could still keep going, we said bring it on, so finally was a kobe beef sirloin, which was rich and unlike any steak I've ever had.  The desserts were okay, but nothing special.  I actually didn't care for the lemond tart, but really liked the coconut lime sorbet.  The bread served with dinner was just out of the oven and served with this interesting cherry butter.  The pacing could have been a little faster we took about 3 hours with dinner which certainly could have been 2 1/2 hours.  Overall a great chef that we are lucky to have.  The portions were reasonable and no one felt uncomfortable after all these courses and the price was about $70 each, which is very reasonable considering the quality and the fact that is BYOB.  I can't wait to visit Bona Terra again.
4	Hi. I've been hearing and reading about this place for a while. I decided to take my brother there for his birthday. When I called to make the reservation, I told them that it was my brother's birthday; the night of the dinner, they remembered to put a candle in the dessert. So these guys get style marks for remembering the information. Too bad the dessert was for my boyfriend! My brother blew out the candle and passed it on. It was amusing. In summary, I found this place to be a solid B or B+. I would recommend it if you have a LOT of spare coins lying around, because it isn't cheap. Pluses: It has the best service staff of any place I have been to in this city (before Old Europe went away) and the food was definitely fresh. Minuses: Not too many options for vegetarians and also BYOB. The food was well made and well presented, but not the most memorable meal I've ever had. Definitely top 10 for Pittsburgh, however. NB: this is not a place to go to if you want to get in and out. This is designed to be a meal that can be savored. After reading a different, review, I was worried this place would be rather dumpy inside. On the contrary, I found it to be cozy, warm (literally and figuratively), and subtle. No cheesy chandeliers or "art". The place was busy but neither too loud nor too crowded. I appreciated the simplicity and directness of the place - hey, it's a restaurant. The faux bar at the front of the house was a little odd, considering there is no liquor license, but maybe they served non-alcoholic beverages there? Our reservation was ready for us when we got there - no waiting, which was awesome. The meal began with an amuse bouche of mushroom soup. Delish and a nice way to take the bite out of my hunger. Onto the meal. We ordered and shared three appetizers:1. Grilled foie gras with apple compote: I've only had foie gras one other time. If you don't think about what it is, it's a fabulous texture. Presentation was good and I liked the grilled bits. The portion was generous. If you like this stuff, I would recommend.2. Gnocchi with marinara. Often I've heard that gnocchi should taste like pillows. 90% of the time, they taste like lead bricks. i'm happy to announce that these gnocchi were magnificent and definitely homemade. I found the accompanying sauce to be bright and had a straight forward presentation. The portion was the right size. If you want to love gnocchi, you will fall in love right here.3. Mussels. Everything you expect from a mussel. No bread to sop up the broth though, which was a disappointment. Nothing so exciting that I would order it again, though. Good, not great. We scored homemade brioche rolls after that, and later, before the main course, some home made sorbet. There was a rather large gap between the appetizer and main course, but we tacked it up to the large table behind us. Main course.I got a soup and a salad. Call me a girl, whatever, but I just didn't want a huge slab of meat for my main course. I like meat, but don't love it. Heck, I just had the foie gras! These two portions were my alternative and actually let me taste more of the menu. The soup was squash with a little apple compote on top as well as toasted pumpkin seeds (perhaps squash seeds?). The soup, while served at the right temperature, was rather pedestrian. Solid, but no zing to it. The seeds were awesome as was the apple compote. Aside:  they really milked the apple compote, as it shows up in the dessert as well. What, no pears? I'm guessing that, due to the apple festival that went on this same weekend, that's why we got at least three applications of the apple garnish in the meal. Salad was good. I love it when, one, a salad does not have iceberg lettuce. Hey, if I wanted some crunchy water I'd get a slushie. It was mesclun, which I think of as adult lettuce. Two, the salad was not overdressed - this is a national curse and one I'm happy to say Bona Terra avoided. The hard boiled egg was a highlight. The salad was well presented and fresh but nothing too memorable.My brother got the duck, which he said was overall good, although some of the fat didn't get totally rendered, leaving white, chewy bits on some of the slices. He liked but didn't gush.My sweetie got the veal chops with mashed potatoes. Gorgeous to look at. He managed to eat every scrap (save the bones), and he commented that he enjoyed. I'm guessing that if you like veal, this is a dish for you. For dessert we had some apple tarte type deal with cinnamon ice cream and caramel. I am an absolute slave to cinnamon ice cream yet I could find hardly any on the dish. Boo. The dish came with the requisite mint and fresh fruit, all of which I Hoovered up. The caramel appeared to be home made. Overall, it was good but nothing to die for. A lovely presentation. At the end, we drove off into the night filled but not stuffed, happy but not enchanted.
5	I am a fan, despite the high maintenance hostess.  The food is great, and the ambiance is cozy (although I do question some of their musical choices).  Really, just come for the food.  It's not going to be someplace you want to take someone you don't know at all, but if you've gotten a feel for them, and they seem more relaxed, this is a perfect place.The menu changes almost daily (this is the epitome of farm to table - they base their menu around what they can get from the market THAT DAY).  I don't know if they do the whole sustainable organic thing, but you can be sure they got the local part down.  I had the shrimp bisque, which was quite tasty.  But the best part by far was the duck breast.  I really enjoyed that!  And a couple of amuses thrown in... quite nice.  Dessert was good too, but not as good as the main.It's BYOB, so be prepared.  Also, if you want to make a reservation, they really make you jump through hoops - you can't just leave a mesg, and have them call you back to confirm - they make YOU call back after receiving THEIR mesg to confirm.  Seriously - it's kind of annoying.  And they give you shit if you miss your reservation - I've NEVER had that experience at another restaurant before, and it's a testament to how good their food is that I'm willing to put up with that crap and go back.
5	I have been to this restaurant many times and have always had great experiences.  I'm no foodie, but I enjoy a nice meal every once in a while, and Bona Terra is my favorite place for extra special occasions.  Their food is fresh and locally grown, and the menu changes daily based on what the chef buys at the market.  I've never had a better beef tenderloin anywhere.  Decor is simple yet tasteful, and the waitstaff is friendly and polite.  Their music choices are top notch, too (I've heard everything from Beck to Radiohead to Band of Horses), but never obtrusive.
4	Summary: The food is delicious. The constantly changing menu ensures freshness and variety. The well trained staff is possibly the best in the Pittsburgh area. The location is out of the way, and the price is high for what it is.Bona Terra occupies the perfect space for a cozy neighborhood bistro, but it  has sets for itsef up more ambitious aims. It not only features a talented chef, but has also trained a set of polished wait-staff whose services are smooth and attentive yet unobtrusive so that the food takes the center-stage.My dinner consisted of a seared tuna appetizer, followed by duck as the main course, ending with the peach cobbler dessert. The preparation was bold, not fussy. The quality of the ingredients allows the flavor to speak for itself.  For my vegetarian companion, the chef prepared a dish off the menu, taking care not to include ingredients that she didn't like (you need to call ahead for vegetarian choices). The Asian-influenced soup that another companion ordered, however, was less felicitous; it's the one off-note all evening. Overall, the chef seems at his best when preparing contemporary dishes with strong flavors; I recommend staying away from plates that require deft hands and subtlety.This restaurant reminds me a bit of Pangea in Shadyside. BT has a greater variety, but Pangea handles fusion flavors better. BT is attempting to give its diners a more refined experience with way better service; on the other hand, Pangea is convenient, costs 10% less, and offers a bar and live jazz. for a more lively atmosphere.I enjoyed my meal at Bona Terra, and would not mind eating there again. However, I suspect that it wouldn't be an option that pops up in my mind frequently.
5	Everything my girlfriend and I ate was superb.  appetizer to desert and everything in between.  local ingredients.  seasonal menu.The best service of any restaurant I have been to in Pittsburgh.  If you are passionate about food at all I would say you need to check this place out.
5	The food is fresh, inventive, and delicious.  This is my favorite go-to restaurant when I want a special meal.An anecdote:  Once we wanted a great meal but had a 3-year old with us.  We made a 6:00 reservation to be ahead of the serious diners.  The waiters could not have been nicer.  They suggested appropriate choices for the little girl, and she responded by enjoying her meal as much as the rest of us.  A class act.Another:  We went there on a dreadful snowy night in February 2010.  (If you were in Pittsburgh, you remember that snow!)  We were treated to some special extras from the kitchen.  No doubt it was a slower evening than normal, and the kitchen and waiters made it festive for us.
5	Making one of my 4-5 yearly visits to the 'Burg this past weekend, I had a wonderful dinner here.  The only problem was construction on Route 28 and poor detour signs.  The food and service were top notch.  Our table tried several appitizers and salads each in it's own way perfectly plated and seasoned.  The top two were the fig appitizer and the gnocchi appitizer.  For dinner, the crabcakes were better then anything I've had (including living in Baltimore for 5 years).  The fried polenta served with them was good, not great.  The  Beef entre was nothing but superb, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Alas, for dessert we all had the dense chocolate cake  with brown sugar cinammon ice cream and fresh berries.  Perfect ending, but can't comment the other choices.  This is now my go to place during my Pittsburgh visits.
5	Every thing I had here was AMAZING  and i consider myself a rather harsh critic.  This is the best I have found in Pittsburgh by far!
5	Fanciest place I've been to in Pittsburgh. Great for foodies. Creative dishes and great service. Note, BYOB.
4	We, along with 2 other couples, had a fantastic dinner here Saturday night.  The fried oyster appetizer and the wild  mushroom soup are reasons to return. Waiter Justin coupled his knowledge with humor, being both attentive to and patient with us,. All entrees were solid performers.
2	Bona Terra has been open a long time and truly has become a Pittsburgh classic.  I have been there many times over the years and I can remember my first dinner there about 7 or 8 years ago.  The BYOB concept was so novel for Pittsburgh.  They were playing OK Computer from start to finish over the speakers.  It was quite memorable for the excellent ingredients and creative presentations.Fast forward to the present where we dined with a couple close friends on a Saturday night.  Bona Terra really hasn't changed a lot over it's time.   In many ways it has declined.  They still play great music, but it's so loud inside that you can't hear it.Our party had 8:00pm reservations.  We arrived 10 minutes early and had to sit at the bar.  Because Bona Terra still doesn't have a liquor license, we were offered nothing while we awkwardly waited.  An interesting non-alcoholic drink offering would have been nice.  At our reservation time we were seated promptly and given menus, but our first bottle of wine wasn't opened until 25 minutes later.  We didn't receive our first course until 8:50 and we were absolutely starving.  Our server was very nice, but everything was exceptionally slow.  Our entrees weren't delivered until 9:45 and we were really starving by then.Delays like this are easier to tolerate if the food is great.  Unfortunately, some of our dishes fell short.  The fried breading on the oysters appetizer was too think and completely overpowering.  One of our party had the sea bass and was very disappointed.  My spinach salad with eggs, tomatoes, and portabello mushrooms was basically all spinach with barely any of the other mentioned ingredients.  My duck was well cooked, but it wasn't very creative and overall just seemed safe."Safe" is probably the best way to describe the food at Bona Terra.  It's  higher-end comfort food.  The menu and preparations have barely changed over the restarurant's existence.  Creative ingredients or newer cooking techniques are completely absent from the menu.  There's no question that Bona Terra appeals to an older clientele.  Besides the out-of-place children eating there (for whatever reason every time we have been to Bona Terra we have seen children, and it's not a bring-your-kids-to kind of place), almost everyone was 70+.   It would be nice to see Bona Terra revamp their menu and include some more adventurous choices.  Places in Pittsburgh like Notion, Spoon, and Salt of the Earth have far more interesting and unusual menu selections.  I'd also like to see them completely redesign the ugly yellow interior and finally get a liquor license.  They do offer a 7-course tasting, but how can you properly match wine pairings unless you bring 7 different bottles of wine?  I would like to see less tables so it's not so freaking loud inside.  I don't think this will ever happen because that would alienate their loyal clientele who for many years have fought for reservations to have a nice, comfortable, safe, "fancy" dinner.
4	Ate here last night, pretty yummy.  We received a tip from a friend about this place, and wanted to try for ourselves.  Do not let the exterior fool you- it's in Sharpsburg in kind-of a funny/weird area.  However, the exterior/neighborhood has never stopped me from a new dining experience.  Inside, the restaurant isn't huge and we were seated next to the window- which had a thick white curtain, because there isn't really much of a "view."  Again, I was ok with this.  The food was really good, we started off with the Oyster appetizer, phenomenal, then we each had a salad, also great.  Then I received my Bay Scallops and Van got his lamb chops.  For maybe the first time ever, Van ordered better than me.  My scallops were alright, but had a little after taste and didn't taste super fresh.  Van's chops were amazing! Cooked perfectly, and melted in my mouth.  Also, the presentation of everything was beautiful.We then ordered the cheese platter for dessert, which was good as well.This place is a little pricey, around $30 per entree- but a nice ambiance, and was packed around 6:30pm.  Definitely make reservations, and it is BYOB- so don't forget a bottle, or two.  All in all, great date restaurant- service was friendly, polite and knowledgeable.  I'll be back.
5	Bona Terra has become one of my new favorite restaurants in pgh and have made me a believer in the farm-to-table movement.  Chef Douglass creates a new menu daily...using the fresh ingrediants he finds as inspiration.  I read a lot of gripe about how expensive this place is and was afraid I'd be spending a fortune (they dont have prices listed on their sample menus on the website). But compared to other nice restaurants, it's really not bad...and it's BYOB so that saves a lot of cost. Appetizers ran from $8-12 and entrees $28-38 (most were around $28, only the filet of beef tenderloin was $38). Not gonna go into too much detail about our meal, but it was delicious from the appetizer to the dessert.  They also give a complimentary amuse bouche and palate cleanser sorbet.  And their homemade bread -- wow, so good.Service was perfection.  The decor could use an update, but the ambience is cozey and homey.  As for the reviewer that said it was all 70+ aged people, I really don't know what he was talking about (and why that's even such a big deal).  Most of the tables were couples around my age or a little older, in their 30s or early 40s.
4	We drove past this place twice before we found it, it's pretty much nondescript. No bright lights or signage to catch your eyes at all. Then we found out it has been there 8 years, which was a total shocker to me! The waitress we had was well-informed regarding the menu, and all items were quite fresh (obviously!). It was crowded and noisy, but that really didn't bother us since we were there to socialize with our friends! The appetizers we had were fancy, but not fulfilling--heirloom tomatoes and balsamic vinegar and a cheese/cracker strawberry compote plate. Between the six of us we had the scallops, swordfish, veal and duck. All were cooked perfectly, and the presentation was very chic (not as chic as Salt of the Earth). We all thought the swordfish was fabulous, it truly melted in your mouth. The protein, of course, is the main feature on the dish, and the portions were fine. It would have been nice to have a little larger portion of the sides that accompanied the protein, couscous and kale were with the swordfish. Desserts we tried were the trio of sorbets, creme brulee and a toffee chocolate cake. I'm a huge fan of creme brulee, and this was good, but the not the best I've ever had. Small portions but tasty. Again, presentation was lovely. The guys in the group left saying they needed some "real food," which translates to bulkier portions, but the women were satisfied.
5	After 4 years living in the burgh, Bona Terra is still one of my favorite restaurants.  The ingredients are always fresh and local, and the chef is innovative enough to come up with new dishes on the fly.  This is especially helpful since my bf is a vegetarian.  The staff is still super friendly.   They even gave me updates on my flyers during dinner since there is no T.V.  BYOB with a cork fee (~$5 I think).  Definitely worth it.  They have a decanter and filter if necessary.  The atmosphere is very romantic, but causal enough for a nice family dinner with the parents.  My favorite dishes there continue to be the pan roasted duck and pan seared snapper.  When accounting for the fact that you can bring your own fancy bottle of wine, the meal is really not that expensive.  I would advise gps when you go, you would never imagine a nice restaurant on that street.
5	We went there for the New Year's Eve dinner.  It was my first time there so I didn't know what to expect.  What I got was way more than what I would have thought.  An amazingly small and cozy place with a great chef.  Food was great.  It was a five plate meal (appetizer, soup, salad, entree and dessert).  We each got to pick one appetizer, entree and dessert.  Everything tasted great, fresh and with a great imagination in their creation.  I am sure that we will visited again soon!
4	Man do I love this place!  The menu is amazing and the food is incredible!  The host/hostess are always super polite and they provide a tasty little amuse bouche to get the evening started.  I have only ever ordered the duck and and it fantastic.  I recently had the toffee/chocolate tort for dessert and the banana icecream that it came with was delicious. My only complaint about this place is the overall ambiance.  The lighting and vibe are very intimate, by my fear is what it would look like with the lights turned fully on!  The walls are a bit chipped, the drapes seem a tad dirty and the bathroom are below average.  Make sure that you have a reservation and if you leave a message to make one and they don't call you back, be sure to follow up!
5	While I don't get to BT very often, probably over 2 years now, it is one of my favorite restaurants.  The Chef has won some great awards, embraces the Farm to Table movement and it shows in his final product.  Of course, love the BYOB too.Went with some friends who go to BT a couple of times a year.  We all brought a bottle of wine to share with our meals.  Many interesting choices and service was very quiet and prefect.  Had a Cous Cous appetizer which was very good with a wonderful combination of tastes.  The Veal Chop was perfectly cooked, very tender and came with some very good potato and veggie.  Save room for desert.  The chocolate cake with homemade ice cream was rich, sweet and a table favorite. The restaurant is a little hard to find so make sure you have the address.  The decor is a darker colored and nothing special, somewhat minimalist.   The food is what makes this a great restaurant.  Great place for special occasions.
4	Good Italian food.  In a city where it seems like 75% of the restaurants are Italian, (which is not a complaint; merely an observation) Bonna Terra is a step above the norm. The food is authentic and dependable, and no matter what you order you can expect it to be perfectly cooked, well presented, and very flavorful. While it is not the best Italian restaurant in the Burgh, it ranks among the better ones. (And is a great place to take a new date if she/he has never been there before)
5	This is definitely a 5 star restaurant, in my opinion, it is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Unfortunately it has been closed! :(Good news is the chef is considering a new venue...hopefully soon!!! I really miss BT!
