1	Just off Desert Inn Rd/Arville this is a real shit nest bar with a couple ofpool tables, a dart game, golden tee golf and a 20-25 person bar with video poker machines. The drinks are cheap, they no longer have food but they have a kitchen. They've done a little remodeling lately but this place is frequented by low-lifes.
4	I like it.
4	This place is a Dive bar, it's a little off the beaten path and if you're not looking for it you will drive past it a few times without noticing. However I would strongly recommend you check it out.The bar is pretty small, there are a few tables, a few video games, video poker, and a pool table.The staff is friendly, the bar is well stocked, and the drinks are CHEAP.Moon Doggies is also the home of the Naked City Pizza Shop, the kitchen is in the back,and serves up some great Buffalo NY style grub.If I ever find myself on that side of town, I'll be back
3	In every group there are bound to be disagreements about where everyone should meet up. Moon Doggies is not a place people tend to be indifferent about, you either love it or hate it. What it has going for it are the cheap drinks and Naked City Pizza. What does not work in it's favor is the dark, smoky, and uncleanly aspects of this joint. I have been to the bathroom on a couple of occasions to find that they have ran out of soap. Besides eating and drinking, Moon Doggies is not the first place I think of when it is time to find a chill bar to hang out with friends. Even though they have a pool table, golden tee, a shooting game, and a punching machine, none of my friends have ever suggested to play. Usually we are competitive and search for activities to one up each other, but not here. Maybe we are too busy stuffing our face. With the blaring sound system it can be difficult to do anything else. Sometimes it gets to the point where the bartender has apologized for the loudness. The music is completely in the hands of the crowd. This can be a good or bad thing. You will not be listening to the likes of Britney Spears here. I enjoy the mix of classic rock and early 2000, but I can only take listening to "date rape" so many times. For some reason this is a staple that can be heard at least twice during any visit.
3	Friendly bartenders and an interesting, diverse crowd.  But, as you would expect, it is as smoky as hell in here.  The drink prices at 6pm on a Wednesday were pretty steep, especially given the ambience. I wouldn't call $3.75 for a Corona "cheap."  They were out of most of their tap beers.The seat at the far end of the bar is reserved for some guy who has been coming to the bar for 12 years.  Has the bar even been around that long?  Anyway, if you sit there, the bartenders will ask you to move.  It's pretty much the only seat without a video poker machine.They have some bar pool tables at the front.  Typical video poker bar with some quirks.
1	What can you say about a place where you sit at the bar for 20 minutes, watching the bartender walk by several times, without so much as a hello?Perhaps this is just one of those "cool" places where you have to "become welcome" by suffering through an initiation period of neglect and disappointment. Or perhaps this place just sucks.Too bad, we stopped there because it has a great name. Maybe there is some way we can give this name to a better bar?
5	Great food, fun employees and a super place to come after work and wind down. In fact, they were just featured on Diner's, Drive-In's and Dives for their FANTASTIC chef, Chris, and his amazing food. The owner, Bobby, knows everyone and makes a point to always stop by your table and say hi.
4	Yet again a big thank you to my fellow Yelpers! You've helped me find a bar that's close to home. BUFFALO!  (Well, I'm actually from Utica, but close enough.)Sheet Pizza - yup, hot wings - check, beef on weck - got it, and poutine - hell yes!  On a dive bar tour with about 30 of my co-workers I demanded the bus stop here first. It brought a little tear to my eye to watch my friends devour the plate of poutine that I had been running my mouth about for weeks - Yeah, they all thought it sounded gross!  But, I guess most would think that cheese curd gravy over fries doesn't sound that appatizing but sure enough, it was a hit! A few of them have even gone back to sample some of the other fine Buffalo area dishes. My visit to Moon Doggies was a a blur, as I got drunk pretty quick, so I'll have to go back again and soak up the rest of the scene.  I do remember that the place was pretty crowded on that Wednesday night before me and 30 of my buds rolled in. I don't think the staff was that friendly, but I'd be pissed too if I was the only bartender watching 30 fools ready to party walk through the door. I'll have to get up early and catch a Bills game here pretty soon! Lets Go Buffalo!
2	Went in the first time just to explore.  The food looked very good and we had a pleasant conversation with a waitress and one of the cooks.  One of the bartenders, who acted like he was the manager, was very friendly.  The bartender who was serving us, not so much.  He acted standoffish, like we didn't have enough piercings to be in there.  These "non-conformists" sure can be snooty and, in this town, are a dime a dozen. We also felt like we were being overcharged.  For the type of place that it is the drinks are too expensive.
4	Our eyes couldn't focus quick enough, coming in from the bright Las Vegas sun, into this extremely dark and cool (as in vibe and temp) dive bar off the beaten path, miles off the strip.38 Special's "Hold on Loosely" was  jamming from the jukebox, locals were seated at the bar and our eyes focused just enough to see the "Please Seat Yourself" sign. We carefully made our way past the 70's-style booths and found a cozy two top.Before we could sit, a voice echoed from the darkness, I'll be right there. That gave us time to awkwardly gawk and gaze around like the tourist we were. This could be a seedy local refuge for undesirables or one of the best kept secrets in Vegas. We soon found it to be the later.Our server Nicole came over, bubbly as gas in a hot tub, decorated with a bright smile and oozing with local charm. We felt welcomed, comfortable and wanted to know more. She dropped off two glasses and a bottle of water, no...not Fiji, or Evan...a bottle...with a cork...that had water in it. The bottle may have come from Al Capone's vault. Classic. (and no tad poles).She gave us the back story of the joint, ex MGM chef from Buffalo cranking out authentic buffalo-style and east coast cuisine with some of the smartest pizza combinations on the planet. Of course we were there for one thing...the Suicide Fries.Her face lit up, "I love those, we now bottle the Suicide Sauce."  She explained the complex mixture of hot, hotter and hottest all brought together over a plate of fries. We were sold. She also suggested a great local brown ale (maybe from Sin City Brewery, but wasn't sure). The beer and the spicy fries were just what we needed. We were in heaven. The plate had spice, but more importantly, flavor. Every bite made you want to have another. I worked up quite a sweat and was thankful for the cutlery...you don't want these spices resonating and breeding on your phalanges all day, then touching an unsuspected body part later...We will definitely be back to try some of the other great sounding items on the menu, enjoy the friendly service and just to see if we can recognize any of America's Most Wanted sitting at the bar.
4	Food was spicy "HOT" just like I like it!! It was very large portions ~ super dive bar but likeable... it's Vegas Babie!
5	I have never been disappointed from my many trips to Moon Doggies. Never. This is a dive bar, one of the great Las Vegas dive bars in my book thus far. All the bartenders I have come into contact with. James, Tiffany, the cute couple who bartends together, and Arty are friendly and fun. Arty though tends to cut people off from playing music, instead he plugs in his ipod. That can be disappointing sometimes because my friends and I love playing music while at bars. The BEST thing about this place besides the people and atmosphere, is definitely the food. The pizza is to die for, garlic fries, wings, etc. I have not tried everything, but I am in there enough to probably get through it eventually. Chris is the owner of Naked City and I think his food is just amazing. I love the place all together! Maybe ill run into to some of you there sometime.
5	Nice lil place to get drinks and delicious food.
5	This place rocked . . . especially after the last dive bar we were at.  Greeted immediately upon entering . . . we never needed to wait for a refill . . . which was great especially since this place was busy.Since it was lunch time we ordered a pizza . . . and the bartender talked us down from the Friggin Huge to a Medium . . . we were glad . . . since we barely finish the pizza.The music was great . . . the surfer theme worked well . . . this is definitely a place that we will visit again on another trip to Las Vegas.
5	After a few days in Vegas, I was really missing my local bar. After looking up a few other Yelp rewiews, we headed over to Moon Doggies. The Bartenders were really friendly, the drinks were full sized, and half of the TV's were on ESPN and the other half on Cartoon Network - perfect! Then, we ordered a Wee Guinea's Pie- Fantastic! You could tell that the meatballs were made in house and the crust and white garlic sauce were fantastic. Highly recommend :)
1	One word - SLOWWWWWWWWWWW Expect to wait - Service Staff are more concerned about talking to each other Will not be going back
5	Three of the cities hottest and sweetest bartenders. Anything on the food menu is top of the line. Pizzas are off the hook. Sandwiches are sick
5	Late night, hungry, wanting pizza but not the usual, so we decided to try this tiny spot.  The parking lot was empty for a weekend night, walking inside, perhaps five patrons sitting at the bar.  We wanted to try the Guinea's Pie which everyone had told us to try.  And after locating the window to the kitchen, placed our order. Do not get the large, it's a whole sheet pan, unless you come with five or more buddies!  We got 1/2 sheet, the medium and still took some home.What seemed like forever, our pizza came out, pipping hot with melted cheese and smelling oh so good.  The crust is thick, crispy on the bottom, cooked thoroughly despite it's thick size.  The meatballs are  sliced up and are very good, and there is spinach, ricotta and white garlic sauce all covered with mozzarella cheese.  Very good for a white pizza, we usually are a red sauce family!  With a local Tenya Creek on tap cold beer, it went down well.Even though the place looks like a dive, it's got some good pizza, plenty of TVs for watching your favorite sports team, but be warned, their big Buffalo fans.
5	Service was really fast, staff is good looking and friendly, pizza by slice was phenomenal.  2-3 dollars for a square slice about 6"x6".  I had a 2.5 slice of pep and a 3 slice of the pizza of the day: Paula's white.  It had roasted garlicOil, mozzarella, tomato, onion, and asiago cheese.  Freaking great
4	Came here for a going-away gathering.  I assumed the only wine I would get is the "house red" or "house white", so I ordered a lite beer immediately ( I am low carb, and haven't had a beer since 2007).  After I order, I was impressed by the wine selection there were actually choices, and reasonably priced too!Reminiscent of the divey bars I went to in grad school in the NJ/NYC area. We were sitting at a long table with benches. However, refreshingly, our waiter was really cool...checked on us enough but definitely didn't hound us to order drinks or food.  I was truly impressed, especially when a drunk stranger sat incredibly close to one of our friends...he calmly said to guy, "Hey buddy, your seat is over here." and then the he led the buzzed stranger to a seat near the bar. Very cool, very well played. Pizza tastes very homemade, I don't mean that in necessarily in a  good way, but it really wasn't that bad either. Just like that pre-made unroll and bake dough you get in the grocery store (BTW, I despise square pizza) and topped with premade sauce you get in the grocery store with processed semi-fake pepperoni & sausage (added soy filler), and cheese that is probably the generic big bulk block o'cheese from Costco or something.  The last time I ordered the "Naked City" pizza  was "To-go" and it did not taste good at all. This time it was perceived as solid "bar" food, and the meat didn't taste sooo mysterious.  Maybe it was because I was very hungry...remember I ordered my first beer in 6 years...so I guess this is the beer munchies?  Bear in mind, I did not eat the crust, which is a huge component in judging pizza. While the pizza doesn't necessarily bring me back to this place, a good cold beer with great service does. I'll be back!
5	Great food! Great Service by Theresa! Great Atmosphere! Loved everything about it! Beware it is 21 & Over ONLY! I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	If you like fries and spicy food the suicide fries are the best I've ever had.  The pizza's pretty good too.
5	We were here because of Diners Drive Ins and Dives Tv show. My wife and I pulled up to the parking lot and it seemed kind of edgy but we went in and so glad we did. It wasn't very crowded so we sat right down. We were greated by a nice waitress and she gave her recomendations. We went with the Guinea pie which is a white pizza with home made meatballs and ricotta cheese and a garlic sauce. We also tried the suicide fries which had a habenero sauce with three kinds of peppers. Oh my gosh was it hot but addicting. The carnitas tacos were good too. We live in California but i can see us making a spontaneous road trip to eat at this place sometime in the near future.
4	Staff was very nice but a bit slow.  Prices are reasonable and the food is not bad.  Overall a good dive bar to relax at if your trying to avoid the tourist traps on the strip.
3	"My Kind"Moon Doggies is a dive bar.It's also a Buffalo Bills bar.Moon Doggies gives discounts if you are in a certain profession.I'm in a certain profession and got double margaritas for six bucks.TV screens are plentiful, as are the breasts of barmaids.There are several stools at the bar, a few small tables along the wall, a larger table near the street door.There's a front entrance and a back one, similar to female anatomy.I entered through the back. Usually I'm not allowed to, but every once in a while I get permission.I've heard the pizza is great. But my drinkin' buddy ordered some Philly Cheesesteak eggroll thing. It had jalapenos inside. He said it was good but hot so he proceeded to drink three double bourbons. He's Irish, you see.A Vegas cop in uniform walks in. Goes to the bar. Tells a guy on a stool he'll be back in a little bit.He was.Had street clothes on and started swillin' brews.By jingo I like this place.
4	Upon a recent trip to Vegas I visited Moondoggies on 2 separate occasions.First trip - Went for the pizza because my sister absolutely loves it there. I was a little disappointed in the pizza, not because it was bad, but because my sister had built it up as being the best pizza ever. It was good though, but certainly not great. I don't think I would ever go there just for the pizza, but it does have a lot of other stuff going for it. We also had wings, again, good, but not great, and beer, always great!Second trip - I went to watch football on Sunday morning. While this is a Buffalo Bills bar, the Bills had played on Thursday that week, so it was more of a free for all. The crowd was very fun and friendly, the bartender, who was the same bartender as my first trip, remembered me and my beer of choice (pretty good for only my second trip) and was very friendly and helpful. This time around I got the Royal sandwich that is advertised on the menu as being the best sandwich in Las Vegas. Not being a Vegas resident I can't say if it is the best sandwich in Vegas, but it is definitely the best sandwich I have had in Vegas. Big thumbs up for the Royal!So good beer, NFL Sunday ticket for football, good (but not great) pizza, exceptional service and one awesome sandwich. That all makes for a winning combination.I will definitely be back!
3	Had a fun night with family and friends eating pizza and wings and watching the football game. Plenty of space and televisions. This was my second time here and I really like the food. We were sitting at a table next to Vinnie Paul which was cool.  There is one bartender that is really nice that I met last time but she left shortly after we arrived and the one with short blonde hair is not as nice. The waitresses are not as attentive as they should be. The atmosphere is awesome and again the food is amazing but the prices are a big thumbs down.
5	artie is the bomb!!!!! Always a great time good drinks and great celebrity death matches and adult swim carton night!!!AWESOME!!!! Three penises uphire some hot chicks already
4	Just wrote my review for Naked City Pizza, which is the same place, really.  Moon Doggies has some of the nicest bartenders around.  It's got a divey feel.  Punk/alternative 90's music was playing overhead while we were in there.  Good, chill joint to grab a pizza, a beer, and watch sports.  They've also got video poker at the bar (but what Vegas bar doesn't?).  If you're on the strip, craving for some pizza, take a trip here--it's pretty sweet!
5	We decided to try moon doggies because of the show Diners drive-ins and dives; and I am so happy that we did!! EVERY SINGLE THING was AMAZING!! The pizza was probably the best I have ever had, the crust was so tasty! Don't judge a book by its cover, this place is a hidden gem! MUST TRY!!
5	Suicide Fries... Awesome!!!
5	GREAT pizza and great prices. Best bar I have been in Las Vegas I will definitely be back.
5	Suicide fries are amazing! I love hot and these put me on fire. Perfect place for creative pizza and awesome "bar" food. No one under 21 allowed. I can't wait to come back! We found this place after seeing it on Diners, Drive ins and Dives.
5	This was my first time at Moon Doggies. I was brought here by someone who is a huge fan! Upon entering I quickly noticed its a "Dive" type bar that is all about the Buffalo Bills. They had lots of space to sit and it was a cozy little vibe. I had no idea I was walking into somewhere from Diners,Drive ins and Dives but I am glad I was able to try this place out.   The Bartender on shift while I was there was this super Sexy chick named Jenny. Not only was she easy on the eyes but she was SUPER friendly and quick to keep my drink filled up. I really enjoyed the crowd at this place. Everyone was super friendly and they had a nice variety of music and lots of laughs going on. They show some cool little things on the TVS as well. I  can't wait to come back to try the food. The Hot WINGS looked so freaking good ! I also heard the pizza is to die for so it is definitely on my to do list to come back and try out some good eats.
5	Wow!  As good as I had hoped after seeing it on DDD!  Had a regular sausage and the guinea pie!  Homemade meatballs and a garlic sauce with spinach...Excellent!  A must eat at if you are in Vegas!
1	So fucking disappointing no children allowed...if my children are not wanted here then I don't want to be here. Such a shame. Booooooo
5	I've been carefully evaluating the best places to spend my time, and this is one of them. It's a really cool dive bar with great bar food and a cool, friendly staff. There's good music filling in the air, and  the place just feels good!
5	You could drive by this place thinking wow what a dive....go in!  The food is AWESOME!  This is the Pizza place that was on Triple D!  They have great sandwiches too, I get the beef on weck!  OOOHHH yummy. And the FRIES... wee is the size of a small dinner salad...from there you need more than 3 people.  We like the loaded fries!
5	Great spot! Music is right on, rock and roll, sublime. RHCP is playing as I write this review. We had the delicious over-sized pizza and the amazing hot wings. James the bartender (who recently lost 40 lbs.) has great stories and has hair that would be the envy of most rockstars. The locals who call this place home are fun, inviting, and ready to have very interesting conversations that you'll remember long after you leave the comfort of MDs. Check it out, you'll be glad you did, I am.
4	Best pizza, best suicide fries. If you want ambiance and scenery, go somewhere else. This place is legit!
1	Wow this place has bad service bar tender really sucks got a card and it had someone else's name would not fix asked for something and he ignored me
5	Without a doubt the coolest bar in vegas, the most awesome bartenders, the best machines ive played in vegas, and you can get the best pizza, wings, and sandwiches in vegas all in the same place. LOVE them
5	New favorite 24/7 gaming bar because of all the TVs and great liquor selection! Great pizza but only served till 3am FYI!!! Arti the grave bartender is !!!
3	This place is definitely a dive bar. The highlight is that you can try the Naked City pizza while there. It is an average bar nothing really stood out. The staff was nice but the bathrooms were pretty gross.
4	Moon Doggies and Naked City Pizza are great. The manager of Naked City is very accommodating and the bartender is super nice. The food is fantastic and the prices are great! Great chill joint to hang with friends and watch a game or listen to music.
5	Dive bar west of the STRIP. Great bartenders. Fills up for Buffalo sports events. Naked City Pizza is the food provider. Great pizza. The beer is good, and reasonably priced.
1	The most horrible experience I've ever had.  The food and service at naked city was phenomenal, however my experience at the bar was enough to ensure that not only will I not return, but I will make sure that everyone I am in contact knows not to go there either. The manager, Jenny, was not only rude, but also did not even take the time to know what was happening at her bar. I had played $60 and was about to play more when she verbally assaulted me and accused me of being nothing more than a user and loser. When I called later and asked for the name of the bartender for the night, I was told my Jenny that she was the manager and I'd I called back tomorrow it would not matter because I would still have to speak with her.
