4	Considering there is an extreme lack of food options here in "The Creek" - Gallagher's definitely meets the need for:1 - ICE COLD Beer2 - Quick / Casual FoodI'd prefer more food options outside of the 'chain restaurant' category.  But I will happy go to Gallagher's any night of the week if it means an ICE COLD beer, the ability to wear whatever it is that I am already wearing, and a great selection of meal options (many are standard chain options - but  there are some extra choices as well).Did I mention ICE COLD beer - reason alone to go. The only draw back - and this is bizarre - they don't have a beer list.  You have to go up to the bar to look at the taps.  Many of the wait staff have created their own cheat sheet which I find very admirable.  Not sure why the manager has yet to create one himself.I am a sucker for that silly quiz game - the one where you get the box from the bar and compete against other bars around the country - that is a definite bonus.TVs Galore!  Any game, any time, any where - you can certainly see it at Gallagher's.They have pool tables and not sure what else - I haven't ventured into that corner of the place.There is outdoor seating - with plenty of TVs as well - and the set up is pretty cool - they made it so that you don't feel like you are in the middle of a strip mall parking lot (even though you are.)Great seating options for groups and families - and they are easily split - when you walk in - the seating to the right is more family oriented - and the seating to the left is more group and 'older crowd' oriented..They even have those fabulous chocolate mints at the host stand!Just remember to ask your server if they have a beer list - and enjoy.
4	Had to meet the wife up on north Cave Creek Road last night, and we stopped into Gallaghers for a quick bite. The staff was friendly and fast, the beer was tasty and cold, and the BBQ hot wings were tasty and cheap (40 cent wings on Wednesdays!). I'll be back again.
4	A local spot... big dining room, which is good if you have a big group or kids.  The servers are pretty good.  The food is fairly good and priced well.  I like the pulled pork sandwich or the Gallagher's salad.  My daughter likes the bbq chicken wrap (grilled chicken), and my husband likes their burgers (the Santa Fe burger is pretty good, according to him).  Get the seasoned fries or pay extra for the sweet potato fries - good!  If you're really hungry, get the ribs - always good.  Ask the server what the special is - they don't really advertise them and they have one every night - sometimes they are really good deals!  Oh, don't get the cookie thing for dessert - it's always raw in the middle (gross).   I would recommend this place for a casual dinner spot.
4	Great sports bar, and off track betting too.  Nice inside and plenty of TVs.  Wide variety of food and a good happy hour.  May be the best sports bar north of the 101.
3	Decent place, great for daytime drinking... you can meet all of the other alcoholics and feel accepted, without having it feel like a 12 step meeting.  Server was a bit surly, food took way too long, and daytime prices weren't exactly much in the way of specials.  Food alright.  Beer selection above average for places like this, and this Gallaghers had much less skank feel than the Union Hills/7th location.Good parking.
1	Unfortunately Yelp requires at least one star so to leave a review I was required to provide one.  However, this Gallagher's does not warrant any stars.  My husband I came with our sister/brother-in-law and their kids who are regulars here (they raved about the boneless wings and bloody marys, but warned of the service).  As we were not in a huge hurry I wasn't terribly worried.  SInce it was Saturday and the place was basically emply I thought "how bad could it be?"My sister-in-law ordered 3 happy wings and 2 kid's meals to start.  Hailey, our waitress, asked if she wanted 6 or 12.  Perplexed my sister-in-law said how they usually come - 12.   We ordered a few beers, mimosas, iced tea and the kids ordered soda ($2.50 each for kids, not included with a kid's meal!).   In hindsight my sister-in-law said that the kid's melas do come with a drink, but I didn't know.  Our drinks arrived, but I should note that we were never offered refills on any of our drinks including the free refills - my brother-in-law had to ask for a tea refill twice.  It was NEVER proactively offered!  This in itself certainly doesn't warrant giving no stars, but it certainly contributes to the disaster.When Hailey dropped off our drinks she asked what else we wanted to order and I wasn't ready so asked for a few minutes.  20 minutes later she came back (was nowhere in sight) and when I told her we were ready to order she said "Finally?"  OK?  My in-laws ordered a SW Chicken salad split and my husband and I ordered a small nacho with the onions, tomatoes and jalapenos on the side.  A few minutes later our wings arrived (if you were counting it has now been about 25 minutes for the wings to get here).  We was surprised the wings had bones in them & asked if they were on happy hour because they wanted the boneless wings.  She assured me they were.  Rather than refuse the bone-in wings most of our party started to eat them, but I refused and placed an order for boneless. 20+ minutes later the salad, half order of nachos and boneless wings arrived.  I noticed immediately the nachos were missing sour cream and told Hailey - she informed me they did not come with sour cream.  Unfortunately for her I can read and know it was on the menu - she then corrected herself and said that they usually drizzle it on, but since I asked for so much on the side they must have decided not to (WTF?).  Then my sister-in-law mentioned that the salad usually comes with bread and asked for that.  Did I mention that she didn't bring an extra plate for them to split the salad?By now we are pretty annoyed especially when we realize that the wings that they expected to be $2.99 were now $.49 per wing (according to the happy hour advertisement on the TV screen).  Oh and the wings were rubbery and not good according to those that ate them.  There were over a dozen left out of 3 dozen.  When we got our check the wings were $25.47.  As my in-laws are regulars I decided to say something.  I expressed that we didn't want the bone-in wings and wasn't happy about the charge.  She asked me if I wanted her to talk to the manager.  Um, yes - that is what I brought it up Einstein.  5 minutes later she comes back and says that she spoke to the manager and since we basically ate the wings he would only take off one order (fair point, but absolutely terrible delivery).  And if we really wanted to talk to him she would get him and come over.  I was flabbergasted that the manager did not come over himself.  We said no, but then noticed that if the wings were $.49 we were still being overcharged - then she informed us that was only on Wednesday.  So... $72 dollars (plus a $9 tip I didn't even want to leave) later we left very unhappy.  I have already informed my in-laws that we will never return here, so when we are in town don't even try it.  The food was terrible and the service sucks.  Honestly the worst service I have ever had.  And I can't even imagine that Hailey is the only problem waitress - with an unresponsive manager I am sure that place is swamped with people who have no idea how to do their job.  You are way better off going across the street to Wendy's or honestly, anywhere but here.
3	I much prefer drinking here to eating here.  Sometimes it is the only place close and I decide to order food and I always regret it.  I'm a vegetarian so maybe I'm too limited and the burgers are awesome   So stick to traditional fare.  The salads my daughter and I had yesterday were pathetic
4	A good burger and lots of screens for the sports fan.  Food is not terrific but staff is friendly, with reasonable prices.
3	Solid sports bar always delivering nice chilled glasses with beer and pretty solid bar food. Sometimes it's good sometimes it pretty bad. I like all of the tv's everywhere and like the boneless wings. Not the best happy hour but better than nothing. I like the back patio with the waterfalls. This place gets packed in the winter. It could use some games like shuffleboard, pool or darts but there's not enough room I guess?I like some of the bartenders there but the staff can be a bit darrison at times. Sometimes they are too friendly with each other. Sometimes they are a bit careless and not as clean as they should be. I haven't had a horrible experience yet, usually have a great time. I will continue to go here.
1	Nobody in here, and service is horrible! Waitress hasn't come around one time. Flies everywhere (and we're inside), no excuse. I had a pizza that was not good at all.
2	Neighborhood place. I said look guys. I can make breakfast.  What can go wrong?  This is called foreshadowing    Great little waitress. Lots of food. Very cold.  Every time I go here I regret ordering food.  Roll in for a drink at noon. Which I do. Nice bartenders. Sometimes not real attentive. But in the two years I have lived here I have never left saying "gosh, that was nice hot and delicious".  So I ate a little of the ample portion of potatoes turkey bacon hams  and eggs.  I think it was a skillet. Boxed it up. Microwaved it at home and the dogs loved it.  Beer is cold  cocktails weak.   Lots of tv's  and they are great about changing to your game of choice.  I can walk here. So I continue to make the mistake to eat here.  Go to drink.  Not to eat anything substantial. Go to little Samurai Sams across the street and have a rice bowl then wander over for a very cold beer. Not cocktails unless you want a double.  Sad. I would go here all the time it is so close
1	I want to like this place as it is in the neighborhood and there aren't many other options around here, but this is probably the worst restaurant/bar I've ever had the misfortune of going to. My last trip I sat down to order a beer at the bar.  The bartender takes about five minutes to get me a beer, despite the bar being nearly empty, as he was too busy for me with his time and focus instead spent flirting with one of the servers.  I drink my beer and want another.  The glass sits empty for about five minutes while he paces around the bar.  I try on three occasions to get his attention and ask for another.  The dude is just ignoring me at this point.  I guess they don't want my business and I just leave.  He can have the 8 cents he owes me in change for a tip... I just want out of here.  I feel bad when I leave that he even got the 8 cents from me.  I hope he spends it well.On other trips here my wife and I have had the food.  It's not any better than the service sadly.  I have an English Bulldog at home with a poop eating problem and I'm not sure he would even find this food acceptable.  Overall just the worst restaurant around and it's no surprise why the place always looks so dead out front.  Nobody's there because it's simply horrible.  Avoid at all cost.  I wouldn't eat here again, but would give the bar another shot if I heard the replaced all the help.  Whoever owns this place needs to clean house.  Looking at other reviews on here, I see I'm not alone in my feelings about the service.  Get rid of these people already... just sad!!
3	This place has had its struggles since it first opened, but it is an outrageously nice place with banks of televisions everywhere and a great atmosphere overall.  This place has a reputation for bad service, but they have a new crew of excellent employees, so if you haven't been there in a while you should try it again.  The beer is ice cold and the selection is good.  The food is inconsistent and varies from horrible to good depending on what you are ordering and the locals know the good items and avoid the bad.  Best to ask your server before ordering.  Good place to watch Sunday Football, and their morning breakfast is very good.  They open early on the weekends to allow breakfast before the games start.  You should give this place a go even if you have had a bad experience in the past, it is vastly improved.
1	Worst service and mediocre food. After being seated, we waited over an hour and waitress never came back to take our order. We had to ask another waitress to serve us and might I add that this place was empty for a Saturday night. I will NEVER come back! Also, the food taste like it was warmed up in the microwave. Avoid Gallagher's at all costs!!
3	Service was a little slow but not horrible the food was very good though and seemed reasonably priced.
3	Great sports bar with lots of TV's, off track betting and a huge patio.
5	Amazing place! I have only been here one time but my one time was worth it! I came here for appetizers with a friend and we got the potato skins which were amazing!
2	My husband will go for beer and football, but service, food quality keep me away.
2	Hubby and I have been here before and never had a problem.  The food is nothing special but they have great hamburgers.  Tonight we had the worst service.  First we seated ourselves, then the waiter failed to tell us about specials and really didn't say much after he asked what we wanted to drink.  He tossed our food onto the table as he ran by, after a long wait for the food.  He never checked on us, we had to get silverware from another table nearby.  We were there around 5 pm so there wasn't much of a crowd, even with the NCAA tournament on all the screens.  The food was good but the service was so abysmal I could only give 2 stars.
4	This is one of our neighborhood sports bars and I just wanted to say that they have consistantly good food, off track betting, great bar - good variety of craft beers and lots of tv's. I really like the Grilled Talipia Dinner which we always share because of the large portion of fish and sides too.
4	Great service, huge menu WITH quality to back it up.  My son and I have been going there on Wednesday nights for years.   It's about 25 miles round trip from my house, but worth it!
2	Went with the Wife for our first trip ever to Gallagher's.  It has a great menu and I was totally surprised that for a Saturday night it was pretty dead.  We ordered appetizer (mushroom and zucchini) and the half rack ribs which were on special.  Our server was uumm how you say...different?  Not very friendly for someone who works with customers but we were hungry, new to the area, hungry, and wanted someone to cook for us.  It took awhile for the apps to come, he did ask if we wanted them first, and yes, they did come first.  2 min later, here comes dinner!!  Now this is a pet peeve.  I spent enough time in a kitchen to know you hold the main course order until the appetizer is done and they customer is ready for the main course.The fried veggies were ok, I love deep fried mushrooms, and these were on the low end of good.  The dinner however was far from good.  Ribs were dry, over cooked but had good sauce,  baked potato was over done, and putting frozen butter on to a luke warm over cooked potato just does not help much.  The garlic toast was yummy, but not worth what you pay for the rib dinner.  Wife had twice baked potato and it looked like a mess.  I don't think she liked it much and her steamed veggies were awful.  $37 for some crappy food and mediocre service.  Sorry guys....wont be coming back ever.  Wow....I hate it when going out on a Saturday is such a bad experience.  Should have just grabbed some Samurai Sams and headed home to watch the ASU game.
4	Descent place. Never full capacity, so it's a great place to watch Sunday or Monday Night Football or even Baseball. Okay, even hockey!. Plenty of TV's throughout. Huge outdoor seating area with outdoor bar and a very large dinning indoors surrounding a horseshoe bar. The food is good (try the tenderloin skewers), the staff is very friendly and helpful. It's a bit off the beaten path, but worth the drive if you want a guaranteed seat and be able to hear the action on the screen.
1	Been going here for at least 4 years with previous great service. Always had chicken fried steak with grilled asparagus, great meal. However, been away for 6 months and the place fell apart. When we entered about 20% of the tables were not bussed, dirty plates and food laying around. Our table was void of debris but when I sat down it was sticky, obviously not cleaned. I was told no more asparagus, too expensive and no green beans either. Got sweet fries that we didn't order followed by raw meat and frozen potatoes. We got a bill for stuff we didn't order. The waitress said there had been a lot of changes in the last 6 months,yuk. I will never go back.
3	this place has lousy service and the food is terrible if you get lunch or dinner. we went for brunch twice and they make a very decent breakfast. the service in the am is also not bad just not as friendly as you would like. their breakfast is one of the better ones in the limited variety of restaurants in the area.
1	The worst service ever!I went there tonight for dinner with my wife, son and parents.  The waiter forgot to put my wife's order in (it was a salad).  When our food came, we waited for the salad, or the waiter to surface, and neither did.  I asked two other employees to send our waiter over, and 5 minutes later (It wasn't busy either) a different waiter came by and asked what we needed.We let him know that the salad hadn't come out, and it has now been 10 minutes since our food was delivered.  They let us know it would be out right away, and 10 minutes later we still hadn't seen it.  My parents and son ate their food, mine was now cold.  Finally we told them to keep the salad, and they could also keep my uneaten burger, and that I would not be paying for either.They agreed and I left a 10% tip, which was 10% more than the waiter deserved.  Thank you for wasting 90 minutes of my night!  There are plenty of other local places like Azool's that will get my business in the future.
1	Probably the worst food I have ever eaten ,I enquired at the end of my meal how this place ever got a food license ??
2	Nice people and good sports atmosphere,  but food quality is very low. No real flavors or special items. The server was very friendly accomodating so service was great.
3	Good food but initial service is slow.   Most of the times we go for lunch it is "seat yourself."  It often takes 5 to 10 minutes before a waiter/waitress brings you a menu. Once the process starts the service is very good.
2	I will never go back to this place. My burger was good and I had a lot of choices  but my husbands chili was very generic and tasted like it was microwaved. The staff seemed good at first but as the night went on it only got worse. Not the worst place to eat but not a place I would recommend to friends.
2	Note to self - yelp has a mobile app, use it!I wish I would have read the reviews for this place before stopping in for lunch but I was in the area and figured a chain couldn't be bad. Ha!A sign told us to seat ourselves so we did. A server stopped by and asked if we wanted something to drink. We all ordered but I almost had to argue with the server to get a root beer. She told me it was from the tap and was $4.50; she said this like she was trying to talk me out of it but she did add that I would get free refills. Ha! More on this later. She didn't give us menus and left for about five minutes. When she returned she brought menus but forgot the straws so she disappeared again. I should note that there were three servers for six occupied tables.We finally got to order. I had the parmesan chicken sandwich. It was pretty bland. I got potato salad for a side, also bland. I tried the Philly Cheesesteak and, yep - bland. I also tried the fries. They were OK.The server never did stop by to see if everything was OK or to refill our drinks. I waited patiently for my check and finally got up and hunted her down. She was chatting with the other servers. I got my check, paid cash so I wouldn't have to spend any more time and left. On the way out I noticed a sign that said we were entitled to a free dessert. Someone might want to mention it to the server.Overall, bland food, terrible service and an expensive root beer.
1	I have lived in walking distance of Gallaghers for the last 12 years. I have to say that it now wins the award for the worst restaurant in all of Cave Creek.  Like most people who live near by, I honestly have to say, I am finally done with them.
1	Second visit Great patio but so many damn flies- and it's been like that for months- seriously need a fly trap- in my beer, food, all over the tables- disgusting.
1	We've given this establishment our dollars on many occasions since this location has been opened.  The visit on Sunday (9/21)  will probably be our last. We were looking forward to watching football in a fun, group setting.... eating some awesome fall off the bone ribs and having a couple of beers.  A portion of the bad experience can be faulted towards other customers - screaming (like bloody murder) kids, parents who ignored them and a much older guy who kept staring and inching his chair closer to our table.  Eww.   But I digress.  I'm here to talk about the food and service.  After finally being seated (because of the football crowd), we waited for 10 minutes at our table before anyone even acknowledged we were there.  Then we ordered our food... which we waited... and waited for.  When it finally came, the ribs were fatty and barely warm. The fries were cold but the ranch dressing was good.  The garlic bread could have been used to replace a roof tile. To round it out, the zucchini was fair to middlin.  The beers were not that cold... so that couldn't even save the day.  We left before halftime - and to you other sports fans out there - you know it had to be bad!  While the restaurant cannot control who walks in their doors, they can provide good food and proper service.  Bad on them....  disappointing.
1	Not a lot of choices in Cave Creek so we keep trying this one over and over again expecting a different result (isnt' that the definition of insanity???) My husband enjoys the all you can eat fish and chips on Fridays.  Problem is, the service is so slow that there is no way you have all you can eat because it takes forever between orders.  Then there's the problem with asking for refills on your beer because that, too will never come.  Finally, last night was the last straw.  My husband ordered the hamburger with fries and I ordered the Caesar Salad.  The waitress put my husband's lovely burger in front of him (albeit a bit skimpy on the fries)  and then put three or four leaves of lettuce in front of me.  I ask " Is this the caesar?"  She said yes.  I said "is this a side salad?"  She said yes.  I asked "if my husband is ordering dinner, did you think maybe I would like dinner too and not a side salad?"  She apologized and assured me she would bring me the real salad (with chicken and full sized) within five minutes.  Fifteen minutes later, I asked to see the manager who admitted they were having troubles with staff and that if we had sat in the bar area, we would have better service.  Good to know HOWEVER, as soon as she walked away, my husband spotted a MOUSE running across the dining room and we were now done. Never will we walk in there again. Now I know they are in the desert and have a large back door to the patio leaving them probably more vulnerable to creepy crawlies but I , for sure, cannot see one reason to ever step foot into that place again.  I do hope they get their act together one day.
2	It took a LONG time to get noticed / get some service. The tables were nice and clean. The 'boneless hot wings' looked more like cat food with mystery sauce on them - EASILY the worst wings I have ever had... At least the Lagunitas was served cold and tasted good. The fries were 'meh, kind of ok' - overall a missed opportunity and a disappointment. Do NOT recommend.
4	We had the Cobb Salad and Steak salad last night. While my Cobb was great, the flavor from the cut of meat was Excellent. Next time it will be two Steak Salads...
2	Haven't hear for a long time as the food is no more than mediocre.   They don't seem to try.  We had the sloppy nachos.   We got the large order for us to split.  It cost $12.95 which seems like a bit much for the portion size.   While reasonably tasty, the cheese was cheese whiz.  Come on! !When we got therr, there were many tables that needed bussing.   Makes me a little nervous If this was a Mexican restaurant,  I would have sent it back. Will we come back?   Most likely,  no. There are just too many better alternatives .
1	Stick to the happy hour food.
1	This place need's some serious attention. Like other reviewers we want to like this place because it is close to our home. We've been there at least 6 times in the last year and every time we have been disappointed. The service is horrible and that's being very nice. They honestly have no idea how to run a restaurant. We've wanted extended periods of time for service to the point that we joke about it now. Living in cave creek it offers a convinent location so we keep subjecting ourselves to this misery. After tonight we will never go back. We came in and had to seat ourselves because no hostess was there. We then waited over 15 minutes for our drinks and the menus. There were only about 3-4 other tables needing service so the place was not busy at all. The waiter walked past us several times and then ended up chatting with another table for several minutes and never even took our food order. We were so frustrated that we spoke with the manager who really didn't show much concern at all. We finished our drinks and headed across the street to Wendy's where the service was perfect!
1	I live really close to this restaurant and have had 6 bad experiences from service in this place!   When we first walked in tonight, no sign to tell us to seat ourselves, actually have never seen a sign but I took it upon my self to seat our family.  Our server came by and took our drink order, after 10 minutes he came back and asked us if our son had his Sprite, it was pretty obvious there was no glass in front of him.  I was also told our beer orders were in and they will be right up.  7 minutes later the drinks showed up. Then after that we noticed our waiter in a nice long conversation with a table a few away from us.  We kept looking but it did not phase him, at this point I was done and said finish our drinks and we are gone.  I noticed another person of staff come around the corner and look at our server for at least 20/ 30 seconds with a stern look on his face so I figured it was a manager.  I got his attention and told him our problem, saying this was our 6th time with bad service and we were hesitant about going back but it was Sunday and we live close so we would try it again.  BIG MISTAKE..........  I had my conversation with this manager and then our server realized he was in trouble so he decided to listen in.  I explained everything and saying this has not been our first time, and we have many friends with the same experience cause we all live in the community behind this convenient restaurant.   This restaurant needs to get a real serious manager on board and fire the entire wait staff !    If you want to drink at the bar this place is for you.  If you have a family and sit at a table then STAY AWAY.  Too many excuses whenever we go there.    I really wished a different restaurant would buy them out and we saw a new breath of fresh air.  It's really convenient for a lot of people in this community and someone needs to wake up and read these reviews.  We are telling the truth.     We ended up at Wendy's.
1	Heart and Soul is our go-to, but it was closed last night for a private party.  We had been to Gallagher's one time before, it was okay, so we crossed the parking lot for a second visit.It will be our last.I thought the Yelps I had read from previous diners were a bit harsh, but last night we got the full "Gallagher's experience".  Sign at the reception desk said: seat yourself.  We did, after searching thru a mostly empty dining room for a clean table.  We sat there maybe 5-6 miutes without a sign of a single staff.  I looked at my watch about then---7.45.  That's why I know it was twelve minutes later that the server finally showed up, sans menus.  She asked for our drink orders and then said, "Oh, I guess you guys want menus?"  (Um.,..yeah.)  About 5 minutes later, a Hispanic guy shows up with menus and asks if we'd been taken care of.  We said yes and he starts to walk away and we are like: wait---leave the menus.  He gives us this frantic look, like we are mugging him for the squares of laminated paper, but then he reluctantly hands them over.  (Score one for our team!)  A few minutes later, our server shows up with our drinks and some menus and she frowns at the menus we had scooped from the guy, puts our drinks on the table and starts to walk away, and DH says: no, wait, we are ready to order.  (We did't want to take the chance of losing her!)  I got the fish and chips, DH got the Cobb wrap with onion strings.  It arrived fast and ice-cold.  My chips (fries) were limp and greasy, fish was crispy looking and golden brown, but interior was dry and stringy---can we say over-cooked?  DH said his wrap was bland and dry---the tortilla was so bereft of moisture it was sucking the saliva out of his mouth.  His onion strings would have been delicious hot---they were surprising good even cold and congealed.  He did ask for some mayo to try to lube up the wrap, and seriously---she brought him about a teaspoon in a small black cup. (Gotta watch those food costs!)  The manager did do a drive-by a few minutes after we got our drinks but before our food arrived---how can I answer "how's everything guys?" when "everything" is iced tea and water with lemon?  (BTW, the iced tea was very good!)  He never came by to check in again. Neither did the server, although she did drop off the check about three minutes after the food---that's when DH was able to ask for the mayo.  Like another Yelper, we paid cash so we didn't have to endlessly wait for change and then got the heck out of there.  And no, we didn't leave a tip.  If our server didn't care about our dining experience, why should I care about her working experience?Frankly, horrible service and horrible food.  You know, we desperately need another reasonably-priced "family" restaurant here in Cave Creek/Carefree---but Gallagher's isn't it.  So if you ever wonder why an attractive place with a decently varied menu is always mostly empty---read and believe the Yelps--I think they are only still open because they have like a bazillion tvs and (no pun attended) they are like the only game in town for that level of restaurant.
