4	Large thrift store near East Town Mall. Lots of clothing, housewares, and jewelry. Fairly clean and well organized by color and size, but you still have to dig because it is a thrift store! They have a decent sized vintage clothing section. I've found some good vintage dresses here to re-purpose. I've also found licensed UW hockey jerseys here for $4. It's also a popular stop for Halloween costumes.Thursday to Sunday they designate one color of tag 50% off, then on Monday that color tag is only $1. Cheap!
4	Typical Savers except this one is packed with stuff Madison people use. Small towns with educated healthy populations make for great thrift stores .......  I won't tell you my secrets!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Wow. Having neve been in this location of Savers before I was amazed at how well they have transformed the old Gander Mountain space. No cramped, hard-to-squeeze-through aisles or piled up merchandise. The store is really well laid out and the store associates were more than helpful when I came in looking for something specific - the friendly greeter at the door pointed me right where to go.  Also, they did a great deal on a bulk purchase (I might've cleaned them out of vintage china plates...). An excellent thrifting experience.
4	Well organized by item type and size. I found a great blazer from the Gap for $6.99! It takes a while to look through everything. Go with a plan on what you're looking for! Many items are lower level name brands (e.g. Target and JC Penny), but if you look hard enough you will find some hidden gems!
2	I like this store, I just don't like their pricing.  Goodwill prices all their tops the same, jeans the same, etc.  Yesterday I found a pack of disposable plastic Solo plates for $3.  Really?  I'm sure they are cheaper than that at Woodman's.  Last month I passed on some plain while cereal bowls they had priced at $3 each.  Folks at Savers need to go peek at the crowds at Goodwill and find out what Goodwill is doing right.  On a good note, the staff a Savers are very friendly and the store is clean.  Still, I likely will not be going back to Savers.
1	Way to expensive for being a thrift store. If i wanted to pay $8 for a kids shirt i would by it new at Walmart.
1	When I first saw the sign for this store, I thought it was one of those places that bought inventory close outs. To my thrift store shoppers delight, I found that this was a resale store. Being in love with finding one of a kind clothing items so I don't look like every other woman on the streets with the same style, I ADORE thrift store shopping for clothes. Plus, who can't pass up a good deal on house hold items?  You can totally redo your whole pad for $100.  So, I had to check this place out to see what swag fashions and cool house hold items.  I could find.Ugh, don't even bother with this store friends. First of all, although the clothes are separated by gender, they are not organized by size. Then, the prices! $7 and $8 for tops. $10 for skirts? Um, I will pass. I can shop Macy's clearance and get brand new items for that. The thing that urks me about these stores is that all the goods are donated. I am not even sure what Savers is doing with the profits but, really don't care because I won't go back.
