2	Messy and disorganized! Hard to find anything you're looking for because its a mess and staff doesn't want to help.
4	This former Mervyn's store in a strip mall was our first stop on Black Friday shopping last year. (My MIL lives in the area. So we start here and work our way up to the Boulevard Mall.) We were about number 50 or so in the line, at the door. So, it was funny when we saw our friends in the number 1 position. Small world, huh? It was a little crazy, but that is how it is on Black Friday. We ended up with some good deals- we looked at the circulars the night before, so we were prepared. The Kohl's Cash promotion was also motivation to shop here. Spend $50, get $10 in Kohl's Cash- specified dates. The line to pay was pretty long, but this is another thing to expect. If you're smart, you'll have one person in line, another to do the shopping, and switch off- it's a system. I bet we'll be back again for Black Friday shopping this year- just around the corner.The store was organized, nice displays, and had a good offering of merchandise- surprisingly. (Considering the last time we were in this store, we were there for the Going Out Of Business sale- Mervyn's, which was sad- I shopped there as a kid for "Back to School".)We also came over last weekend for an exchange. The selection of Keurig K cups (single coffee brew) was much better than the other one (Blue Diamond): Dark Chocolate Hot Cocoa, Milk Chocolate Hot Cocoa, Raspberry Black Tea, French Roast, Caribou Blend, etc. I mean there were full racks of this stuff. The ladies at the Customer Service Desk were very nice and helpful. It was a quick trip.
3	Usually I'm only in here because they sent me a $10 off of a $20 coupon in the mail and that's usually the only time I'll find a reason to buy something there. Their prices are ok but nothing to really draw me in. I was looking for some black cargo shorts in my last visit there and I noticed that all of the shorts that I looked at were all $24.99 no matter what the brand is. The stuff I remember looking at was from Union Bay, Zoo York, Chaps and Hawk brand, which is sort of their 2nd party brand and everything was $24.99 but the cats was everything was a different percentage off of the "original price" which nothing in there is ever at the actual original price. There were Hawk brand jeans in the clearance rack and they were going for 60% but even at 60% they were still $20. Nothing in there was at a price I was willing to pay for so I just looked around and left. They got a decent selection of Levi's stuff but those are all a bit pricey for my taste. If I get another $10 off coupon then I'll be back in there. Some of the prices on their shoes are pretty decent, especially the running shoes but the selection varies to whatever they get at any season. Store was clean. It wasn't really busy but I don't think I saw any employees. If I did, no one asked me for help. Not that I mind because you don't really need customer assistance in this type of store where everything is out on the floor anyway. Nothing too bad or too good. Just an average department store with mid range prices.
2	I love the deals and the ability to use their Kohl's cash. But, I will be forever scarred by their restroom. I went in and it looked like there was a case of explosive diarrhea. I wish I was joking and I wish I could forget.
2	In case you were wondering whatever happened to Mervyns... Well Kohls has been around for many a year now and there happens to be one in my living vicinity. It's one of the few clothing store in my area in a shopping center with a Target. Kohls sends me mail all. the. time. How they got my information is beyond me, but I've been on the tail end of a "I don't have any money left in my bank account" kind of month. BTW - if you've ever wondered how much it sucks to pay for grad school out-of-pocket, well, it sucks a lot.I have a banquet I am going to in honor of one of my professors from college and I really wanted to get a new dress and jewelry. Unfortunately I have very little money right now. I decided, what the hell, I will check out Kohls and just see if they have something I can afford. To begin with the store itself is fine. There's really nothing wrong with it save for some things being a tad messy. To me it looks as though they are understaffed, hence the reason for the messiness. They had a sparse amount of employees working when I was there. No one at the registers. No one in the jewelry department. No one really milling about in the misses clothing either. I was not asked if I needed any help. I browsed and found a dress and went into the fitting rooms. The one I went in still had clothing hanging up in it.I browsed the jewelry section and found a necklace. Seems as though everything here is either 40% or 50% off or some kind of sale. Lastly when I went up to pay there were two girls and between the two of them it took a few minutes to figure out who was going to ring me up. I ended up being escorted back to the jewelry counter to be rung up for my purchases. The girls were nice enough, just a little disorganized.Overall I would never shop here on the regular. This was certainly one of those desperate times call for desperate measures types of things.
4	We were shopping in this center yesterday and we had to hit Kohl's.  I was really just in tow and followed some friends as they were shopping.  So, this review will probably be pretty quick.We walked in and it was pretty busy, but easily maneuverable.  Not as busy as Xmas where it's a free for all.  But, busy none the less.We went to check out the shoe dept. and spent most of our time there.  It seemed that everyone else was doing the same.  I looked around and thought about getting a new pair because mine were looking a little ragged but, being a guy, I'll just wait until my shoes just fall off of my feet before getting a new pair.  I did however pick up a pair of flops, since it's getting close to summer.  Anyhow, the sale was easy.  There was a bit of a line and the girl behind the counter was working as fast as she could.  She was always smiling and being courteous.  That makes standing in line much more bearable.  *Side note:  Maybe it's just me... but no matter how long the line is, there always seems to be someone who is impatient.  It doesn't make any sense to me.  Just relax and go with the flow.  I get to the counter and get rung up... hand over my cash... flops get bagged and a thank you for coming in.  Easy as that!
2	I come to Kohls because they actually have good quality stuff, but boy oh boy. Shopping at this particular location just makes me angry! But let me start off with some good points. Every time I enter this store, I am greeted by one of the cashiers or LP agents. Other than that, there is absolutely no customer service and nobody working on the floor. With that being said, it is surprising to see that the front displays and tables are pretty orderly. However, it seems that the deeper you get into the store, the messier it gets, which is aggravating because then it's hard to find anything or to know if a particular product is on promotion. I came in on my last visit to find an outfit for an interview I had the following day and was pressed for time. There was hardly any stock of anything in my size and very little product out period in the section of the store with dressier clothes. Racks were disorganized and clothes were all over the place. When I found anything in my size, it wasn't the style I was looking for since the racks were so poorly organized. I really had to dig around to find anything. There was nobody working in the fitting room when I initially entered. Upon exit though, there was a girl sorting out the go-backs. I tried to ask her a couple of questions, but she looked stoned and was unable to answer my questions, making my experience even more frustrating. I only bought a pair of shoes, which is disappointing because I was ready to dish out the money for a nice outfit, but Kohl's didn't deliver. I won't be going back to this location.
