5	"The Noo" as it was first mentioned to me is a classic place that probably peaked in terms of style and clientele at some point in the early 70's.  It's a nondescript little building at the corner of Indian School and 7th Ave that's in enough of an iffy neighborhood that you're not really sure what you're getting yourself into.  First impression: This is darkest bar I've ever been to.  The night I went, a live band played some funky soul, but I don't recall the stage being lit at all.  Combine the lack of lighting with the black leather stools, booths and dark wood paneling and it really feels as if you've stepped into a cave.Normally, that's not my preference, but Chez Nous makes it work.  The funky black lights, relatively cheap drinks and interesting crowd make it a place to enjoy a drink and the scenery.  The hipster quotient is a bit lower than the Bikini Lounge, the closest comparison I can think of.  It's a place that I often won't think of for a night out, partly because it's fairly isolated, but whenever I go, I invariably walk out at 1 am loudly proclaiming my love for the Noo.
4	Omer's right: If Barry White were a bar, he'd be Chez Nous.   It gets 4 stars instead of 5 because the funk band moved from playing old skool MJ to a J-Lo song.  That just ain't right.
5	I heart the Noo. My first trip here was after a Suns game. A few friends and I wanted to grab a drink on our way home (it was a Saturday) and we had been wanting to check out this place for a while. I was a little put off by the charge at the door ($6 or 7 bucks) but not to be slowed down, we sauntered inside. As semi-preppy looking white kids, we were the noticeable minority. It wasn't slightly uncomfortable though; in fact, I'd say that almost made it for us that night. People were way cool and courteous and we rocked out to the R and B band and sipped on beers comfortably. Apparently the claim to fame in here is that they haven't redecorated since the 1970's, and you can tell that that ain't no lie. You literally feel like you stepped into an old blues bar. The staff is great and all the patrons are always super friendly. If you're lucky, you'll catch the dude ripping on keytar like I have a couple of times. He shreds on that thing, and I didn't even know that one could shred on that thing. Chez Nous is one of our finest local gems and a perfect out-of-towner drop in.
5	Yet another "Why haven't I been there yet?" location - checked off my list!  I worked w/ folks long ago who loved the place, but they didn't seem like the kind of peeps who knew what a fun time would look like.  I think of them completely differently now.  My friend has loved the place for years and keeps telling me how much I'd love it.  And I do.  Though I will say, my eyes never adjusted to how freaking dark it was.  I felt like I needed to flash my cell phone on the table to see where the drink was.  For the rest of the atmosphere, of course, I totally thought of Barry White, thanks to Omer. He totally hit the nail on the head.   Word of warning - don't come late!  On one night several of us paid a $5 cover to get in and the band was jamming, but there wasn't a seat in the house that wasn't taken by someone currently on the dance floor. Standing around may work in some places, but it's just a bit too dark to not have a space where you can sit or lean.
5	i have only one thing to say:it is unforgivable that i am a native and had never been to chez nous - that's how impressed i was all around by this dark, Al Green-playing bar. i hereby self-revoke my right to high five other phx natives when we encounter each other in our travels.
5	This dark moody bar has more character in a square inch than FIVE Scottsdale bars have altogether.  Quite simply stated -- they just don't make bars like this anymore.  Chez Nous oozes bar noir cool - with the patterned neo-gothic wallpaper, 70s light fixtures, plush leather booths, and a weathered old-school sensibility.  I don't know why I haven't reviewed this yet either - having been several times.A small group of us bid farewell this past weekend to the 7th Ave/Indian School charmer of a bar that was Chez Nous.I'm gonna go out on a limb here, but in my several trips here I've found this to be the most ethnically diverse crowd one can find at an Arizona bar -- all mingling, drinking stiff drinks and dancing to 70s funk and soul in harmony (cue cheesy sappy music here).I hope the character of this bar and mix of regulars stays intact - something I worry about since it's moving to the gentrifying Roosevelt arts district in August.
5	good bye chez nous..it was great while it lasted!!
4	Wow this place was fantastic! BTW they are open at a new location: 915 Grand Avenue Great Atmosphere (Dark, 70's style furnishings)Great Music on Friday nights (think Marvin Gaye)Great CrowdBartender's / Bouncer very friendlyI would have given the place five stars but the martini's served come in a tiny martini glass, other than that highly recommended for a date or a group of friends.
5	Yes, I've always loved the "Chez Nous".  The old location on Indian School was a treat for my friends and I to hit up once or twice a month. Not by any stretch "regulars" but the band always recognized us (or pretended to) and made a special "welcome back" gesture, making us feel like we were part of their family ( second cousin's twice removed, but still family).  It always reminds me of that great scene  in Animal House when the gang went on a feild trip to a lounge . However,  Chez Nous crowds are entirely friendly, upbeat and fun.  "WAIT 'TILL OTIS SEES US, HE LOVES US!!!"  always plays in my head as I walk in.  They put the ramma in my shamma lamma ding dong. Yeaaaah.On a more personal note:  Chez Nous is where my husband and I got engaged.  The old one on Indian School.  So it holds special sentimental value to me.  I won't tell you the whole story, just suffice it to say my husband used the filthy carpet as an excuse not to get down on one knee.  Pfew... Ancient history.   So when I walked in to the new Nous it was with unrealistic expectaions and complete devotion to the old Nous.  It took very little time for the new Nous to win me over.  The Nous crew must have worked with painstaking detail and equal devotion in their hearts to resurrect the old Nous in the new place.  The look is the same, the energy is the same, the decor is the same, the band is the same... I'm telling you, they are like twins from two different Generations.  Kinda like Jan Brady  seeing an old picture of her great aunt and thinking it was her.  Except Jan has a cool new outdoor smoking patio and new carpet and Old Aunt Jenny is being turned into a Walgreens.  No, more like Jengo and Boba Fett. Sorry Jengo, I mean Old Nous... You won't be missed.  You've been cloned.  And the New Nous is closer to my house.  Peace out.
4	This place was the highlight of my Phoenix trip.  Walking in was like discovering a parallel universe.I can't imagine that the new place could match the feel of the old......
