2	I should have known by looking at my esthetician's brows that there is no way mine would have come out looking how I asked (full, natural, and proportioned to my eyes). I have had atrocious experiences getting my brows done at the Borgata before, so I also should have just waited until Nordstrom Spa could fit me in.  Long story short, do not get your brows done here. They used to take you into an actual room before, where now the brow bar is out in the open and feels like they are trying to crank you out. No matter how desperate I am for a clean face, I will wait until I can get in with someone I trust who will listen to my concerns. It's not acceptable to project your skinny brow opinions on someone who likes fuller and more natural brows - especially after a thorough conversation where I explain what I want and how I was so unhappy after last time. The cookie cutter should not be used on every face since everyone is different. I have been going to Dolce since they opened their first location in Chandler. At the end of the day, I am devastated by the lack of care given by my last two brow girls. After a handful of second chances, I am officially done. No more Hunies. No more Spa Week. Done.
5	Had a blow out and style from Alexis. She went above and beyond--my hair looks incredible!
5	I found Dolce a few years ago on work travel from the east coast. The staff is great, terrific massage a few weeks ago and eyebrow wax/tint by Natalie today. Always carry the best products (Oribe, Kerastase, Bumble)....I wish they had a location where I live a little north of Baltimore. Always try to come in on work travel and will definately be back when I am back in Scottsdale for work in the spring. Beautiful day spa!
4	After my half marathon run, I came here the next day seeking bliss and happy feet again for a post race massage and left extremely satisfied! I love the new location which is bigger and a smoothing yet positive vibe! Got a 90 minute massage from Tana which I also included the Fiji coconut oil scalp massage. Everything at Dolce from the services I received to the front desk customer serve was very exceptional! Thank you Dolce!!
5	I had a wonderful pedicure w/ Gaby tonight. I already have a nail salon I go to but I had a credit for Dolce that's over 4 years old that I totally forgot about. I decided to use it. Obviously $60 for a pedicure for me is way too much but with my credit & my discount it was very cheap. In general, I would never pay that much for a pedicure but I understand they are beyond sanitary & clean & the atmosphere is very nice plus callus remover is included, that is what you are paying for. Once a year, or if I have a gift card, I would go again, but other than that, I prefer more reasonably priced pedicures. This 5 star review is for Gaby who was sweet, nice, and just an overall wonderful person! Thank you, Gaby!
2	As a 4-5 year client of Dolce at two locations, I'm not happy about having to give up on them. I hope they haven't overextended themselves with the new location. They won't be around more then a few years if they don't figure out how to reduce turnover of stylists. Doing away with the discount for client inconvenience due to said turnaround was a big mistake (if that's even true, as I was told.)My last and final visit there last week I had about the 8th new stylist, after being told the previous one was on extended vacation. She got me off to herself in a corner of the wash basin room and just brutalized my scalp. I was so thrown emotionally I didn't even say anything. Then she had the nerve to admonish, "Now I'd better see you here again in 8 weeks!" And they are quite expensive! Hint: The customers keep you guys in business, so they are your employers, the clients are not your flunkeys.
5	Sometimes bigger is better! I've been visiting the old location for several years and just recently stopped by their new location down the street. Everything was still completely on par from the last location and the building is just more spacious and more chiseled. Dolce provides great service at a reasonably price. They have specials announced every month with discounts on their services. Eye brow waxing is about $20 and they always do a great job. I also love their high frequency! Dolce provides service at a good price with great technicians.
1	It was like stepping into beauty school, my nail tech wasn't out of school more than two weeks and the hair stylist took three attempts to come close to the color I wanted on my hair. Save your time and your money, if I wanted a beauty school   Experience I would have gone there.  This experience was so bad I actually got a yelp account just so I could warn others.
5	I absoluly love this place. The front desk staff is very nice, and very helpfull.However the shining star is Stephanie the hairstylist. She is without a doubt my favorite stylist, and worth every penny. She took my very damaged blonde hair, and made it healthy and beautiful.f you are ever in need of a good stylist go to her! Im currently in Orange County seeing a Real Housewives of OC stylist, and Stephanie is still my favorite! She is that good!
