4	Stayed here for a few days. It's not quite "luxury" like they say but overall it's not bad. The door guys are cool, the view is decent, and parking is easy.
1	Get out while you can!1. The amenities on the web site are a lie. They either do not exist ( clubhouse ) or are smaller, broken, or not open 24h , and they are closed for most of the year claiming  that it's winter and no one is using them. 2. BLACK MOLD. My apartment had black mold in it, which was worsened when the maintenance crew cut into my walls, did not clean up after themselves, and released dirt , mold, and nastiness from leaking pipes in the walls. I was severely sick after and my doctor told me to get out. No compensation, no consideration. Big medical bills. 3. The so-called office manager loves to take complaints and work orders, only to tell you that you are lying, the work orders ' disappear ' and you get told you never put one in. 4. There is no 24/7 doorman anymore. Tenants frequently break doors, jam them open in order to let their friends in. Marijuana use is rampant and stinks up common areas, elevators , and no matter how many times you complain the staff ignores it. Smashed glass in the freight elevator, people stealing from parked cars, cars parked diagonally taking up 2 or 3 spaces. Complain all you want, nothing ever gets done. The doorman will be polite , and sympathize with you, but nothing else gets done. Ever. 5. Their in house cleaning staff of non English speaking  will gladly take your money to clean an apartment, however they nearly burned mine down when they lit off the self cleaning oven without checking to see if there was anything in it. Tons of smoke damage, not a thing was done to replace my damaged electronics nor any assistance in cleaning up after. They can't understand things like " No " , " Don't move that " , and " STOP! ". Smile, nod " Ok " and keep doing what they were doing. Think of the cleaning lady on the TV show Family Guy. It's like that. 6. Maintenance people will tell you how broken things are, but they can't do much to fix them. I had a toilet that never worked, a sink that constantly backed up, a disposal that was not installed correctly , and none of these were ever fixed. Also , the front desk will gladly tell you that you will get a phone call before anyone comes in to your apartment, but then they don't. Wake up in bed to see a man standing over you. SURPRISE! Naturally when you complain the office manager says you are lying. The only people on your side are the doormen and the maintenance crew  but they will just nod and smile and say ' we know '. It's not worth the money they charge for the "view" , and for the " luxury " of  1970's appliances and bathrooms. Enjoy the pot smoke coming through the vents from the neighboring apartments, the kids on daddy's money ordering up hookers and partying ( they get evicted, but only after 60 days or so ) , and get ready to be told once again ... you are lying if you try to complain. This used to be a great place, well priced, and well run. Now ? Not so much. It's gone straight to hell, the good staff have left, and the owners just don't care.
5	Great place to stay, everybody that works here are friendly. Place looks great, cars are secure in the garage. close to the strip. Must stay here.
