4	At the suggestion of a friend, I visited Planet Fitness this past Sunday.  The place was very clean, the staff was friendly, and their "no judgement zone" gimmick seemed to work.  This gym doesn't cater to body-builders (no free weights over 60 lbs., for example), and that's perfectly fine with me.  I signed up for their $20/month "black card" membership, which offers a number of perks -- most importantly for me, since I travel frequently and I'm not always staying at a hotel with a gym, it provides complimentary access to all Planet Fitness locations around the country.After signing up for that membership about 36 hours ago, I went for my first work-out this morning.  I'm a bit of a night owl, so that involved arriving at the gym around 2:45 AM or so (they're open from midnight on Mondays to 9:00 PM on Fridays and then again from 7 AM - 7 PM each weekend day).  The facility was deserted when I showed up, but a handful of other people filtered in over the next hour or so.  Once again, the staff was friendly, and a "no judgement zone" was preserved.  I'm quite pleased so far.The gym has most of the standard fare: 100+ assorted cardio machines (treadmills, ellipticals, stationary bicycles, stationary recumbent bicycles, arc trainers), free weights, 30+ weight-lifting stations, along with massage chairs, tanning booths, and locker rooms.  Around 20 TVs are hung from the ceiling in front of the cardio equipment, and the audio (along with FM radio) is available from a receiver box on each cardio machine.Planet Fitness also has spacious and clean locker rooms, although the lockers are first-come, first-served, and they don't actually lock.The prices are also good: $10/month for a basic membership and $20/month for the premium, "black" membership.Overall, I like the place, and I'm sure I'll like it even more once they change their schedule to 24x7 next month.
4	Yup, I'm loving it. I've officially been a member for 1 month and couldn't be happier. It's always clean, the staff is pretty down to earth and friendly and I always seem to get the machine I want. While there are no classes, PF supports a no frills policy that seems to speak to all types of folks who, really just want to work out, get healthy, and make positive life choices. Yesterday, while running on a treadmill, I was sandwiched between a 60+ year old fella in Captian Ahab fashion and a woman with sparkly green eyeshadow and a green Christmas tree sweatshirt. In front of me was a cute 20 something gal in a UCLA sweats. Yeah, PF is the epitome of diverse and I absolutely dig it.The tanning "beds" are the stand up kind, which I personally dislike because of the claustrophobic factor. In my opinion, skip them. BUT it's only 19.99 a month for the membership plus tanning, which you can't beat!!
3	I'm giving this gym three stars simply because of the price factor.  My membership is $20/month, and that's for the "black card" that gives me reciprocity with all of the other PF locations, nationwide.  (It would also allow me to use the tanning beds and massage chairs if I wanted to do so.)Good parts about this gym:- It is very clean.  No weird smells, no dirt on anything.- It is usually very empty, so I never have to wait for anything.- They have a few of my favorite pieces of equipment, such as an assisted dip/pull-up machine, which my last gym didn't have.Bad parts about this gym:- I believe that this gym has a business model that consists of encouraging sedentary people to join the gym, then banking that they won't use it.  They have a "judgement-free zone" gimmick that actually consists of judging people who use the gym to get in an intense workout.  They have weird signs up about not making grunting noises when lifting weights, and not drinking out of large jugs of water.  Now, I'm no powerlifting champion, but when I'm lifting weights, I'm going to make a noise.  And who the hell cares about how much water you drink, or what receptacle you use to drink it out of?- The free weight equipment is sorely lacking.  No Olympic bars, no power cages.  If you're going to squat or deadlift, you need to modify your exercise plans and do it with dumbbells instead, assuming that there are heavy enough dumbbells for you to complete your workout.  - No stability balls or boxes, which makes it hard to do some of the exercises in my program.  I'm going to see if they'll let me bring some in, or if it violates their no-healthy-people policies.- Overall, this gym seems to actively discourage people who like to exercise.  When I joined the gym, they gave me a size XL T-shirt.  I wear a women's size small.  I asked if they had any smaller shirts, and they said that they did not, because only carrying the largest size of shirt was a part of their "judgment-free policy".  I think that's ridiculous, and it sends a message that if you aren't an extra-large person, the gym doesn't really want you.  There is literally an alarm with flashing lights and blaring horn that the staff will press if they think you're putting too much effort into your workout, because apparently it is intimidating to see people who are putting out a lot of effort.  We will see what happens when I move into the sections of my training program that feature very odd-looking compound exercises; the attitude projected by this gym makes me actually concerned that I will get kicked out, despite the fact that I always behave as courteously as possible at the gym.So, basically, this gym is a really good value at $10 or $20 a month, but it is a pretty bad gym.  If you are a sedentary person who is looking to get active, you might be right at home here.  If you're interested in strength training with free weights, this is not a very good gym at all; if you can afford it, I would suggest a different gym.  Unfortunately, this is the only gym in my general neighborhood that I can afford, and it still (barely) meets my (modest) needs.  If weightlifting is your primary sport, save your money and use a different facility.  You won't be able to get anything done here.
1	Okay, so to update my previous review:  Unless you plan on solely using the gym as a place to do cardio exercises and use weight machines, avoid this gym like the plague.  They wouldn't let me use my foam roller or resistance bands here because of their 'no outside equipment' policy.  Also, they don't provide things like stability balls or medicine balls, which are pretty much standard gym fare.Also, the siren alarm makes a terrible and distracting sound whenever someone drops weights or otherwise displeases the staff.  It is so loud/unexpected that I have hurt myself both of the times it went off in my presence -- once I clocked myself in the head with a dumbbell, and once I got startled by it in the shower, and fell on my ass.  Furthermore, for a place with a 'no-judgement' policy, this gym seems to have a high tolerance for people laughing at people whose workout routines involve compound exercises.  Yes, some of these movements are strange-looking.  No, that doesn't mean it's OK to openly laugh at other gym-goers.I quit this gym yesterday and will NOT be coming back.
4	I'm not much of a gym person so when a friend asked me to join the gym with him I was a bit pessimistic.  I've tried going to a 24 hour gym before but didn't have the motivation to keep up with it.  It's been three months since I started at the gym and I'm a bit addicted now.The conveinence of having the gym so close to where I live is a huge plus.  It being in Edgewood isn't convienent for people in other parts of the city however.  The price is right to if you want to do the gym on the cheap, $10 a month, if you want to tan yourself silly, the perk will cost you $20 a month for the membership.  The place is always clean, the staff keep on top of that task, evidence by them always cleaning the machines.  As for the 'Lunk Alarm' it scares the crap out of you if someone drops a weight.  The locker rooms kind of remind you of being in a high school locker room, but it is a great perk to be able to shower there especially if you need to run somewhere afterwards.
3	If you're looking for a place to get the job done, this is it.  Please don't expect anything other than treadmills, weights and a few machines staring you in the face when you walk in.  If you are a terrified gym-goer like I am, that was really intimidating.  I really just joined for winter running (which I did none of- which is also why I'm going to attempt to cancel my membership tomorrow) so that's what I did.  It being so open freaked me out, not gonna lie.The staff has always been really nice (save for that one time I asked about a scale :/).  I have the Black Card membership and do NOT use the tanning beds or the massage chairs.  The locker room was always clean, lockers were always available and the bathrooms could use a little work but I mean, it is the bathroom.  Some people are gross!I plan on joining another gym and I think I'm a little sad to leave but the new one is SO much closer to my house.  Planet Fitness, you were good while you lasted.  Now let me quit you without hassle!  (The horror stories are making me nervous!)
5	This is the gym for the average person. I love it!!!It's a great price and the 24 hour access is great. It has the standard equipment but has it in sections that make you feel welcomed. I love the chain linked fences dividing the areas.There are 16 TVs (8 different channels) and the machines have their own built in radio and jack to listen to the TV. It is great. I also appreciate the bright colors, cleanliness of the gym and restrooms, and the diversity. This is the gym for everyone. (I've had friends that have gotten 6-packs by going here--it can be done!)
3	As far as planet fitness gyms go this is a decent one not as good as they get but damn near close.Perks: super cheap a basic membership is 10$ a month, 20$ if you want to add tanning, massage chairs and a free buddy pass. Lots of cardio machines, I went to gyms where you had to reserve a treadmill with 1$ at times (ahem 24 hr fitness) never had that problem here. There is s circuit training workout section, with separate stationary weights, and a timer where you can integrate stepping, and or cardio with weights (attention Tabata fans!)Lots of stationary weight machines, three sections worth. Fairly large stretching area with mats. I have been going here 2 yrs now and it was getting a little grimy at times when the second wave of members came in, but that problem seems to have been fixed along with the issue of not enough paper towels and spray bottles being stocked.Its now open 24 hrs most nights., The staff have always been friendly and helpful.Now for the cons:If you're looking for a bunch of group workout classes this is not your gym, they have none, they do offer some sort of sessions with a trainer. Small free weight area I think there are about 8 stations but a lot of men frequent this gym, for girl who likes to lift it can be hard to squeeze in there. But I am not complaining because I get to look at hot man buns (yea i said it).No use of yoga or pilates or private equipment is allowed, another PF I attended actually had the yoga /pilates balls which I used to like to use for stretching. Also you cannot bring free weights into other areas which kinda sucks because the free weight space is limited.They don't have locks you can rent for the lockers so bring your own if you plan on using the locker room. Overall nice gym, cannot beat the price in the area for basic workouts, conditioning its great
5	Base this review off of the fact that this gym is $10 a month.  I use this gym solely on the weekends in the winter for the treadmills.  They do have weights and some machines and really all in all the selection is decent.  No flat benches or barbells.  Just a few smith machines.If that is all you need then for $10 this place is a steal..  It is clean. Probably the cleanest in the area.  The music is not to loud.  When I got at 5am it is usually empty.It is the only gym in the area that is open 24 hours.  It is the only gym as far as I know with free wifi.  Hey, I like to stream movies while I run.The locker rooms have old style lockers but you know what they are the best kind.  Nice and big with a shelf up top for my wallet etc.All in all the better gyms like the one I got to during the week could learn something from this place.
4	I'm paying $10 a month at this gym. Its always clean, organized, and I never wait for equipment. I get in, do my thing, and done with no aggravations.
4	It's good for beginners
4	It's $10 a month plus an enrollment fee and an annual fee. It's the cheapest gym around.That being said, it's not the Taj Mahal of gyms. But, it's $10 a month.They have a decent selection of machines. Almost all of the machines work on a regular basis and it's not terribly dirty or stinky. It's definitely worth the money.
4	I really can't add to anything that hasn't been said in the previous posts so I'll just keep this to minimum. For $20 a month I get unlimited tanning which is a value on its own and it's 24 hours so I can go blow off some steam after working an evening shift.
5	I LOVE Planet Fitness!! I've been a member for a little over two months now and it is perfect for me. Don't let the idea of the "lunk alarm" scare you away... I've never even heard it go off.Pros:1) They have soooo many machines. I go after work most days, so even during that 5-6pm hour I can always find an open machine. The treadmills do get pretty full, but there's usually 5-10 open at any given time, as long as you don't mind jumping in the one open spot between two treadmills in use. (Seems silly to mention, but I've met plenty of people who won't do it for some reason.)2) There is always space in the locker room. There are also three showers and changing stalls. 3) The entire place is SPOTLESS. Absolutely, without a doubt the cleanest gym I've ever been in. Even in the locker rooms. 4) Crowd is nice. It varies a lot, so everyone should really feel welcome here. They're succeeding with making it a no judgement zone, that's for sure. There's old people, teenagers, college students, etc. Very nice mix and everyone I've met is friendly enough.5) Cheap cooler drinks. Bottled water for $1 (50 cents if you have a black card).Cons:1) There are no classes at this gym, just machines. (I only use machines anyway, but I think it's important to note.) Although, you can sign up to do unlimited sessions with a personal trainer (I think it's probably only beneficial for beginners who want to learn how to use the machines). 2) Weightlifting section is tiny. 3) Two days a month, they give pizza and bagels. There's a bowl of candy on the front desk, piled high with Tootsie Rolls at all times. I always thought of gyms as being a safe zone when trying to reach health/fitness goals... not so here. With PF as a gym that caters to people just starting their fitness journey, this blows my mind. The whole thing sounds like a quick and easy way to sabotage that.This gym is cheap, clean, and worth the $10 (even if you just stop in for the free food).
4	We joined this gym because of the price and convenience.  Me and my wife both go, but we only had to get one membership, since they let you bring a buddy.  We checked out Anytime Fitness, because it was also convenient, but that place is so tiny, like 1/10th the size, and they charge $38 each, and make you sign a 2 year contract.  We had also been to L.A. Fitness a few times, and while that gym is a lot bigger with more machines, and amenities, it's also more money, plus to get through Monroeville at certain times of the day is a time consuming task, and we are looking for convenience.This gym definitely wouldn't be for everyone, but they do let you know that's their philosophy before you join.  If I was still in my 20's, I probably wouldn't be happy with this gym, now that I'm in my 30's and just trying to stay fit, but not get buff, it's the perfect type of gym for me.I like how they have it set up too.  If you're doing cardio, they have a bunch of tvs you can plug your headphones into the machine and watch some tv,  If you want to do a 30 minute curves style workout (not my style, but my wife likes it), you can do that, and all the weight training machines are set up in a long line, so you just start at one end, and work your way down to the end to get a good workout.
4	I have been going to this gym since November.As a black card member I am able to bring someone to they gym anytime I go which is a nice feature, and a few of my friends that have visited have been able to take advantage of that. The gym is usually very clean, though I do make sure to wipe down the machine both when I get on and off because some people don't have good gym etiquette. Overall I normally go in the morning and have found that I don't need to wait for any machines.  At night I know that it does get busier, but they do have a lot of different cardio machines, and I feel like the wait time wouldn't be that long. Overall I am really happy with this gym!
2	Alright its time for an update... since I have been coming  here since 2011. This year I upgraded to the more expensive option (still cheapy cheap at 25$ / month).After some thought and time I regret it and if it were not for the ultra convenience of this location for I might have left this gym by now. Here's the dish....This gym is suffering from gym plague which happens to several 24 hour gyms... it simply is over sold. Membership to equipment ratio... which means if you in peak hours (am between 7-9 am or pm between 4-9 pm) you will be hard pressed to find an open treadmill, or exercise bike since there is only a handful of them. A lot of the machine and equipment are taking a serious bashing and are out of order from time to time. Including the water fountains. Which were down for over a week period, some days water was offered to patrons at the front and some days it was not. Errrr what gym does not have water?Its also very loud which I can hang with but the country music playing in the women's locker room has got to go. Things are not as clean as they used to be either... understandable this gym has several more patrons now. But they shouldn't be running out of paper towels and spray bottles for me to wipe down the machines after use. Couple that with lack of diversity of workout options here sooooo many stationary weights makes for an over crowded free weight area 89 % of the time. It is just not that comfortable to workout here anymore. I wish they would rid of some of the free weights and either a.) expand the free weights area or b. add a better area for stretching with more mats and workout balls (i.e. medicine yoga etc)
5	This is not your typical gym. I have always felt judged at the gym and Planet Fitness does not tolerate that. People are there to work hard and get healthy. They have massage chairs and tanning beds for black card members which is a great bonus! There are no classes and there isn't a pool but I don't need either. I just want to get to the gym, use the elliptical and free weights and be on my way. I have lost two dress sizes and have so much more energy since I started hitting the gym 3-4 times a week.
4	I had been a member of this Planet Fitness for a couple years before I cancelled my membership last month. What I liked about it was the $10 a month membership,  access 24/7 and the free purple ink pens. I never had any problems finding a cardio machine as there are plenty. The free weight area is actually small and, as spacious as this entire facility is, the free weight area could've been expanded. It was so. . .tight.The women's locker room is okay. There are 3-4 showers that get cleaned regularly throughout the day and two changing stalls. The water fountains outside of the locker rooms seem to break down repeatedly. In that case you can a get free bottle of water.Once a month PF has complimentary bagels  and the next week they have complimentary pizza- both are one day events. I've only eaten one bagel and one slice of pizza during my entire membership. I give this Planet Fitness at Edgewood Town Center 4 stars, but I give the entire chain 3 stars. Why? I do not like PF's hypocritical "judgement free zone" philosophy. Okay, I think I get it. It's important for someone out of shape to have a safe, supportive environment to work out. But if PF is really "judgement free," why are people who lift weights, wear tanks and drink water called "lunks"? Why is there a "lunk alarm" at the gym? This explains why the free weight area is so small!
5	This place is really tailored for the novice.  You can't beat $10 a month either.  I can truly say that for the novice this is the best solution. Sure the Jewish Community Center has a pool...but it's $179 a month!  I don't need 34 different squat racks.  This is good enough for a novice like me.
4	I've been a member of PF for a couple of months now. It's not a state of the art gym, but it's also $10 or $20 a month, so really.. What do you expect?I also think for what we pay, it's pretty nice. A ton of cardio equipment, stationary weight machines, a smaller, but still, free weight section, and a 30-minute workout section. They also have a ton of TVs with hookup on cardio for sound. It's not too shabby. Plus unlimited tanning and massage chairs for black card members. Check! Can't beat it!It does become extremely crowded after work, but if you're semi flexible with your schedule and can time it right, the price is amazing for what you get!
3	This gym is just fine. My membership is only $10/month without a contract. There plenty of cardio machines and exercise machines. There is an area for like a "curves" inspired work out, and an area with free weights and body sculpting stuff. There is a small area with PF mats for stretching or floor exercises. The locker room is large and there are always plenty of lockers available, a few stalls and a few showers. There are two water fountains, but they aren't working 100% of the time. I've luckily never been during free pizza or bagel day -- and that just doesn't even make sense to me. I wish they would have free salad day or free smoothie day. You can't bring outside equipment, there are no classes, no towels, and no smoothie bar. It is just fine for $10/month.
4	I was a member of this PF up until a couple of months ago and it suited me just fine. I had the black card membership, which was $20/month for a 12 month commitment and allowed me to bring a friend. My hubby and I went together, and getting the black card was a better deal because there is also a yearly maintenance fee of $30 or so with each membership. So if you plan to go with someone else, instead of paying $10/month each for two memberships + two yearly maintenance fees, pay $20/month for one and save yourself one maintenance fee (hey, every little bit helps!) Plus the black card gives you perks like unlimited tanning and use of the massage chair (if you're into those things).Anyhow, like others have said, this is a no-frills facility, so if you're a serious gym rat, I don't think you'll be happy here. Mostly cardio machines, basic strength training machines, and a small free weights area...perfect for those with basic fitness needs. Like their commercials emphasize, there is no "gymtimidation" -- you'll see all types of people here. Also, the gym itself and locker rooms were always very clean. Yes, it definitely would get crowded, especially during the after-work hours in the winter, so it's good if you have the flexibility to go earlier or later. But even during peak times, I usually was able to get a cardio machine, even if it wasn't the one I wanted.Once a month they do offer "Free Pizza Monday" and "Free Bagel Tuesday" (actually, I'm not sure if those are the correct days of the week, but you get the idea). I never partook in the free food, since it seems sort of counterproductive. But I regularly saw people come in just for the free pizza with no intention of working out, haha. I guess it's part of their "no judgement" motto. Btw -- does it drive anyone else crazy that they choose to include the "E" in their spelling of judgment? I know it's technically not incorrect, but it irks me every time I see it!
