3	People love this place. Why? I dunno. It's good if you want to feel like you're back in Hawaii. They're really nice and you can practically get the food for free with the coupons that you have. I had saimin. For breakfast and afternoon snack and I thought it would be better the second time around. It wasn't. It wasn't bad. It just wasn't good. They have cutlets, teriyaki stuff, hot dogs and chili, sauerkraut, whatever plate kind of food you like. It's open early and it's open late. I think they never close? Not sure, but good if you: 1) lost all your money, 2) are just starving, and 3) need something to tide you over before hitting a buffet.
3	Aloha upstairs only take cash and they had a line so we decided to go downstairs to eat at the Cal Club.  Not bad but not great either.  Their food is only mediocre and not memorable.  We had their Hamburger Steak and Gravy (no eggs so it's not a loco moco) and that's not bad.  We also had the Chicken Katsu, which was ok.  It was crispy but the chicken breast was a little on the thin and dry side.  Overall it's just ok.  Not great but not bad either.  If you are drunk ,hungry and don't want to wait, then come here.
3	You gotta be sometun homesick local boy foh da kine heya brah! Da kine no ono, no  broke da mouth, but cheap brah gotta coupon!This little Hawaiian style food spot is like Zippy's in Aiea with 5% of the menu, embedded in the California Casino in Old Town Las Vegas. The hotel/casino caters to Hawaiians, with special deals with Hawaiian Airlines, coupons for food, etc, along with the Main Street Station across the street. This part of Vegas is like Reno, small, walkable, a little carnival/state fair like, with the covered and lighted Fremont Experience nearby being the main attraction, and very affordable compared to the huge properties on the south end of Las Vegas Blvd. Cheap table games here, too, like $5 craps and blackjack, even on weekends, with usually better odds. You line up here just off the casino floor and order over the counter cafeteria style, pay at the end, and get staples dishes like rice plates, bento, saimin, and other kamaina favorites. I got the special bento, which was chicken katsu, beef teriyaki, and of course Spam! ($6.95 without coupon!) Two scoops of rice island style, and you have the ubiquitous Hawaiian plate lunch. Hay sistah, watta happen da kine macaroni?What's a Hawaiian plate lunch without a scoop of macaroni salad? I was disappointed! 90%, no wait a minute, maybe 99%  of the people in line were Hawaiian. All the cooks were Asian and all the register girls were Filipina, like Cecilia. Although a quick cafeteria style place, your order here is still a little Island time, brah! So wait before your wave comes, bruddah!
4	I actually like this place better than Aloha Specialties. The beef teriyaki bowl is 10 x better than upstairs. At least that is what my 10 year old nephew tells me and I actually agree with him because I know how picky young children can get. I personally like the shrimp tempura with onion rings. Yummy. This place has been open for as long as I can remember ( circa 1986). My mom used to take us here when we were kids. Oh, such memories! The only down side: no refills on drinks...boo!
4	I need to give them 4 stars. They serve Zippy's chili!!! And it was cheap, $3+ for a chili and rice bowl.  The mac salad was okay but like I said, they have Zippy's chili!! I had the hot dog, chili cheese fries and those were good, too. Stay away from the sad looking Bento, which is served on a styrofoam plate. But, this is where its at when you need your Zippy's chili fix.
1	If you have leftover meal coupons, you can consolidate the rest of your coupons and redeem them for items at the snack bar. We asked the cook how to redeem the coupons and if he knew the value. He nicely said that the cashier is able to figure that out for us and to ask her. When we got to the front, I asked the value of the coupons so I could get a better idea of what I could order. She was plain rude. She goes, "Tell me what you want and I will tell me how many you can get." I told her 3 snacks I wanted and she gave me 2 of each thing. I do not think that is how it should work. She should tell us the value of all the coupons put together, then the customer can place an order based on a monetary value provided. When my parents ordered, they wanted hot dogs, and she asked if we had already ordered it. They said no and she goes, "You're supposed to order first!" Listen lady, first of all you are rude. Secondly, you talk to us like we are supposed to know your process. Lastly, we tried to ask the cook how to redeem the vouchers, and he said to ask YOU, so do not blame us for not ordering first!
5	the best hamburger steak!!! the gravy is what makes it!!! awesome! also the have awesome shrimp tempura!!!! but only thing, make sure when you order the side shrimp tempura you say side order 2 piece shrimp tempura otherwise they will make you 2 regular plate of shrimp tempura lol
5	Five stars for the chicken katsu plate.  It's one of my favorite meals in life.  I HAVE to have it whenever I'm in town.  The place is not fancy.  The food is inexpensive.  The staff is perfunctory.  The mac salad might have a wee bit more mayo than it should, but none of that matters because this meal feeds my soul.  And it's two steps away from the slots.  My happy place : )
4	Back when I was a younger LJ I left my home land of Kauai and found myself living hotel to hotel in the capital of the 9th island. It was hard being surrounded by new people and new adventures.  Being homesick, hungry, and not 21 I would always find refuge and salvation at the snack bar. I only knew of the food I grew up with. I was here everyday and sometimes 2, 3, 4, or even 5 times a day. Boy was that the life.Many years later I still come back at less once a month. Though the faces have changed, I still remember those who were there back then, the food is still the same as I remember, so were the tables, chairs, and ordering and condiments counter.There is nothing complex about typical local Hawaiian food, the food here at the snack bar is the a good example of that. I will come here for pretty much everything. The bento is nothing more then 2 scopes of rice, a slice of spam better than steak LOL, some chicken katsu and teri beef, loaded with teriyaki sauce but it does the spot.  I will always order the fried wonton, you get 12 pieces. I don't know if there's anything special about them but in Vegas I've only enjoyed them here. The chicken wings are big and good here too, get extra dipping sauce.  The chilli cheese fries, there's nothing wrong with a pile of fries with chilli and cheese.  The fried saimin, shrimp tempura and onion rings, hamburger steak, chicken katsu, etc I could go one as I did have everything on the menu and enjoy them all. They do have a few meals specials, ones that include a drink, there was a burger and fries special and a hog dog special. I think the only negatives are that some of the items are priced a little more than they should be, the bento mainly its almost $8, and there are no refill for fountain drinks, you have to buy another fountains drink if you want refill.Based on my personal experience I would give the snack bar a BIG 5 ratings definitely, as I did travel across Vegas the other night to eat here.  Others might give it maybe a 2 or 3, which it might be.  So to keep the ratings accurate 4 ratings it is.Don't forget to pick up a few bags of those card cookies, they are just plain cookies but I loved them as a kid when my folks would always bring them home and I still enjoy a bag once in a while.
2	Used to like coming here when Market Street had a line (as it so often does) but it's getting harder to find something to order.  The hamburger steak used to be reliably good but this time, it was ... off.  I suspect it is due to whatever was cooked on the grill before they cooked the hamburger patties.  The philly steak sandwich wasn't too good either.  Not enough cheese and the meat kind of tasteless - needed salt.  Was so disappointed we didn't go back for the friend wonton and teri beef, which are our usual standbys.
4	Located on the ground floor of the California Hotel and a fast & easy place to get great food.Hawaiian style plate lunches around 6 to 8 bucks.  Teri beef is my usual go-to.  They also serve bento, katsu and even Zippy's chili.If you have a Boyd player's club card (and have points on it) you can pay for your meal with it.All in all a nice spot to drop in on.. never had a long line yet and always had a table.  Go get um!
4	Is their food the best? Um...not really, but it's decent and cheap. Sometimes even free! If you have family from Hawaii staying downtown with Aloha Coupons, make sure to get their books before they leave in the morning. My mom guys mostly only use their breakfast and lunch coupons, so at the end of the trip they have a sh*tload of meals leftover between the 2 of them. Most people use the remainder on those crappy cookies or popcorn, but you can get a ridiculous amount of food instead.I feel super ghetto admitting this, but we usually use the Aloha Coupons to get apps from 777, then dinner from the Cal Cafe (includes prime rib or daily specials), then use the rest at the Cal Snack Bar. The $ value is in the fine print on each coupon so make it easy on the cashiers and do some math - add up how much you have to spend, then figure out how much you can order. Feels super shame, but we usually walk out with about 8 Zippy's chili bowls and a bunch of other stuff.
3	The place is consistent. No surprises, just cheap prices, acceptable quality, and usually pretty quick. One chef is kind of slow and doesn't always pay attention to the line but it is what it is. Teri beef bowl isn't bad. What is great is they have Zippy's chili. Just like having chili and rice in the islands. Burgers and dogs are just your average fare, not great, not bad. They do serve fried wontons which are pretty good. Remember to order with the chef at the start of the line and then go to the cashier to place a drink order and pay.
3	We ordered the Teriyaki beef plate and Bento mix plate which were okay.  The service was friendly. Would come back again.
5	Just like any quick serve counter in the vicinity of Fremont Street, you can get a burger and chili fries.  But seriously . . . where else do you get authentic wonton, fried saimin, and spam musubi for less than you'd max bet on a slot machine?  For that reason alone, this is my favorite spot to visit in Vegas.The real reason for the 5 star review comes from my husband, who is very particular about food service, far more than I am.  After a quick survey of the nearby casinos in search of a hamburger, he said that The Cal Club definitely had the best kept grill and food handling practices by a long shot on (er . . . nearby) Fremont Street, and it was the only place he would ever want to go to grab a quick bite from now on.  I'm not complaining.  All those delicious wontons for $4 . . . I could spend my entire vacation right at this snack bar!!!
3	We were staying at the California Hotel during the Life is Beautiful Festival and only utilized four Aloha coupons between the two of us. Thankfully, my brother's friend told us to visit the Snack Bar before heading out and use all your leftover coupons.I told the cashier we wanted to use everything and she calculated the dollar value for us. We had $46.01! We scoped out the menu to pick out items we wanted and making sure we reached the amount. We selected a Bento w/ Spam, Chicken Katsu, and Teriyaki Beef ($7.49), Teriyaki Beef Plate ($6.99), Chicken Katsu ($6.79), Egg Roll & Wonton Combo ($5.79), 3 orders of Zippy's Chili w/ Rice ($4.79), and 2 Spam Musubis ($2.29). Note: they were out of Teriyaki Chicken that morning.Notes: It appears their prices have gone up recently since their official menu online still reflects the previous prices. I would recommend calculating the dollar amounts of your Aloha Coupons since the cashier miscalculated ours. We were actually under the amount we had to use, which was great, but she didn't ask us if we wanted to use the remaining value on something else. I could've gotten a can of Hawaiian Sun juice (albeit very expensive for $1.99). Also, even if you're ordering To-Go, make sure they give you appropriate sauces! I couldn't believe they didn't put Katsu sauce in my container and they don't have to-go sauce containers in the small dining area.The food is all right. It's nothing I'd ever stop by and want to eat, but it's still edible and it was FREE. The Zippy's chili is definitely good, but that's Zippy's chili. The wontons were surprisingly not terrible. Other than that, everything was meh. But, it's still a really cool option to use up the Aloha Coupons!
