3	I am always grateful for new restaurants and bars in Belmont but Johnny B's isn't exactly what I've been looking for.  The hubby and I stopped in here with high hopes for a good pizza place close to home.  The pizza was palatable but not the best I've had, and probably not the best pizza in Belmont.  The crust seemed to be a good medium thickness with fluffy crust around the edge, but the toppings weren't the best quality.  Our pizza had a puddle of liquid of unknown origin in the middle, I'm guessing from the mushroom and jalapeno toppings?The decor and seating in the restaurant is not very inviting at all.  The wooden booths, tables, and chairs all look like they came from a second hand store and there isn't one seat cushion in the entire place.  This gave the whole restaurant a cheap feeling.  The main dining area is painted with bold red and green colors, but there isn't a single decoration on the walls.The wait staff are all teenagers with the exception of the bartender.  The only reason I mention this is because our waitress seemed inexperienced.  She kept coming to our table and asking us if we wanted refills.  While I appreciate that she recognized our drinks were low, it seemed weird that she didn't just refill them without asking.I would be more likely to come back if Johnny B's added some seat cushions and cozied the place up a little.
4	My husband and I were visiting Belmont, NC and stopped into Johnny B's for a quick, late-night bite. We walked in around 8:45 on Sunday night not knowing they closed at 9:00. I loved that they stayed open instead of telling us they were getting ready to close. The woman behind the bar greeted us at one of the high-top tables. She was very friendly. We ordered Copper beers, a Greek salad, and the garlic/olive oil based pizza with cheese and tomatoes (I can't remember the name of it). The salad wasn't exactly "Greek" but it was tasty and the pizza had a bit too much garlic on it for my liking. Overall, we'll be back the next time we're in town.
4	Great food and friendly service. Love the cheesesteak sub, the 12" will fill you up for less than $9. I'm a serious eater and I took half home the first time and shared it the second. Try the pretzel drops, good stuff! Pizza looks fantastic (haven't had) and can be gotten to go. Lunch special includes a small pizza and drink for less than $7, good deal.
4	Johnny B's version 2.0 - I like it.  Love that they had a Groupon not too long ago - got soft drinks, 2 huge servings of wings, a large salad, and kid's pizza for under 5 bucks!  (Plus tip, of course!)  The only thing that stinks is that it was really cold and the only seat available was by the door - avoid that spot like the plague if you can!  Family friendly atmosphere, good service, great location.  Keep up the good work!
2	I had cheese steak with mushroom. It was good enough to Definitely visit again. I will always get takeout because the inside looks depressing. Cashier could be more friendly but I guess I interrupted her phone conversation and cigarette smoke break. Oh well...... So i went back that night and got another one for my hubby, it was TERRIBLE! i guess its all who is cooking it that makes the difference.
4	Very delicious Frozen Pond pizza. It didn't have tomato sauce on it so I'd like to taste another one with tomato sauce. I got a free order of Pretzel Drops because I checked in on Yelp here! Nice! The Pretzel Drops were lacking flavor, I would suggest adding more garlic salt and the marina sauce it came with had almost a too-sweet flavor.
5	Love the wings and pizza
5	They by far have the best pizza I have EVER had! It's even up there with NYC pizza, in my opinion. Their prices are VERY reasonable, and the pretzel bites are to die for!! Definitely go there!! Plus they have cheap beer on Fridays!
1	Left after receiving our drinks. Went in with my son, a few people in the place. The host was not a host at all. I had to speak to him or he would of probably let us stand waiting on a table. An open booth was available but for some reason he wanted to clean a dirty table off for us. We got seated and one waitress took our order for our drinks. Another waitress brought us our drinks and said another waitress would come take our order. We waited on her but no one ever came. A group of 8 came in and there order was taken before our waitress came. We walked out. When we left, the host was playing on his phone and never said a word to us when we left. Never try it again.
3	My girlfriend and I are fairly new to the Belmont area so we're currently exploring new places to eat/drink within the town.  We had a craving for pizza and wanted to try something new - there in-lies the reasoning behind choosing Johnny B's. We got there around 6:30pm on a Saturday, and to our amazement the place was dead. Maybe two tables occupied? This was not a good sign in my opinion when initially entering a new restaurant. The hostess was very pleasant, greeted us with a warm smile, and of course some southern hospitality. No complaints there. We set down and ordered some pretzel bites (Free - courtesy of checking in on Yelp), a Greek salad, and their house meat lovers pizza (forgot the exact name on the menu). The salad was okay, pretzel bites were okay, pizza was okay, the tap selection was unimpressive (the only local variety was OMB copper).....that pretty much sums this place up. Average at best.
2	We ate here a few months ago. I never posted a review because it was pretty average; I didn't feel strongly that it was above or below average; just your average independent pizza place.The pizza was ok; the service was below average. I was sad to read in the news today about the fact that this business is happy to host fundraisers for civic organizations, but not if it's a support group for parents and friends of gay people. I wish they'd either host no fundraisers, or support any good cause. Those folks are often struggling to deal with a family member or friend who is gay. They don't deserve to be discriminated against just because they have a family member or friend who is gay. I guess in the future we will take our business to other restaurants, and will make sure to recommend all of our friends in Charlotte, Belmont and Gastonia to do the same...
1	Was travelling through on my way to visit relatives in NC.  Staff didn't seem to like strangers.  Wasn't treated very well.  Felt like I was intruding.  Service was barely friendly and very slow and apathetic.  Food was very sub-par for the prices.  Service should have been excellent, considering how few tables were occupied.I wouldn't eat here again.
1	Was visiting friends in the area, wanted pizza. When we arrived, we were ignored by who I assume was the owner when we arrived. Waitress seemed disinterested in our happiness with our pizza. Pizza was just okay. I've had better pizza from chain delivery franchises.  My friends were disappointed and apologetic. Obviously, I won't be back, but neither will they.
5	My family comes here about once a week. We love the staff and the food. The pizza has a great crust and the sauce has just a little bit of zing. Lots of toppings so people can select very creative pizzas. They also have wings...oven roasted. I love these. They have a special sauce called the BLowe sauce...it's awesome...a hot honey barbq sauce. They have a "frequent diners" program too that is helpful for families like mine. A great spot in Belmont...good pizza. good prices. good times.
5	Pizza is great! Beer is super cold. Great place for me and the boys! We found this place about a year ago and have been regulars since. Food is always great and Teresa is the bomb server. Will be back and recommend.
5	Johnny B's has excellent pizza and wings! The Buffalo Chicken Pizza is awesome and the Salt and Pepper wings may be the best wings I have ever eaten. Belmont is a small town off the beaten path, so if you see a bad review from somebody in another state they almost definitely have an agenda and have never eaten there. If you haven't tried Johnny B's you need to try them - you'll be glad you did!
4	We haven't been here since they moved to the Belmont location. It was great though and we have missed it! We had a great server (Marin) and enjoyed ourselves. The Greek salad was very good and the kids loved the pizza.
5	Home town owned restaurant, great atmosphere, good selection of beers, friendly staff and excellent Pizza!
5	Usually get a pizza, but today I went with the meatball hoagie. Awesome sandwich. Mix of mozzarella and provolone cheeses, good size meatballs with an awesome marina sauce. 6" was plenty to fill me up!
5	We love local pizza over chains and have tried multiple places, here you can get a true glutton free crust and the pizza is just as good if we ordered normal. The kids love the wraps and pretzel drops. Hubby always gets the buffalo pizza. Consistently good does not vary wk by wk.
5	What a Great Watering Hole!!! Great Atmosphere for everybody.  My favorite is the Bullfrog Pizza and the Buffalo Chicken Wrap.  Oh and the Sweet Water Blue Beer! The owner must have a old family recipe for the potato salad because it is actually better than my Granny's. Can't believe they give you a free appetizer of checking in on Yelp!!! I will keep coming back to Johnny B's for years to come.
5	Go to pizza place in the Charlotte area. Best pizza and wings I've ever had! Must try the buffalo chicken pizza or any pocket.
5	Always Right On!!! Owner isn't afraid of work, that's for sure.  You might see him behind the bar or in the kitchen. Our favorite place to eat.
5	Hot Ham and Cheese oh man is it gooood. Jamming to good old songs and hanging out with family and some friends.
5	Great place will be back... Jock welcomed us had good conversation and answered questions i had no problem will be back
3	The pretzel bites were very good I thought.  I also got a sausage and pepperoni pocket.  That was just okay.  The $2 Stellas were a nice bonus on a Thursday night.
