4	HAPPY HOUR 411:You'll get a damn fine deal if (and only if) you sit at the bar. I wish it weren't so, but with the specials they run, can you blame them? $3 Kirin? Really great roll and sashimi choices for $5? Great noshing apps and dishes at a low price? Uhm, yes. This is a terrific place for happy hour. Just be sure to get there early before it gets too packed. Happy Hour ends at 7 p.m. * * *MY DINING EXPERIENCE REVIEW: Kabuki isn't a terrible place to eat, nor would I cringe at the thought of grabbing a large Orion at the bar - you know, just to hang out at the bar and drink (imagine that!). But, if you're a sushi elitist and you've had sushi in many cities in the U.S. and/or abroad, then you may not be impressed with Kabuki. Sure, the decor is elegant, even typical of a newly opened place trying to become a hot spot. Nothing is off-putting about lounge music, their drink selection or the trendy atmosphere of a restaurant inside Tempe Marketplace. But... can they deliver quality fish? Well, maybe. But, if you're not a fan of sushi, fret not. This has the largest "other" entree menu I have ever seen at any Japanese eatery. So, maybe you don't need to nibble one iota of sushi to like this place. But, I wouldn't know. I didn't go there for anything that was actually cooked. Portions are generous. Their sashimi sampler is beyond munificent, for you'll be happy to feast your eyes on a gorgeous array of 5 different fish, including tuna, salmon, white fish and yellow tail, that each provide 4 to 5 thick pieces. PLUS (and this is huge), it comes with freshly prepared wasabi. No, it's not the green paste you're used to. It looks more like a cilantro mix. But, beware! While this wasabi may look pretty, it definitely packs a punch. Oh, how sweet it is...! The nigiri is good, too. I had the mackerel (yum) and salmon. Again, the portions are generous. Downside is that there's only one unmarked soy container on the table, so you aren't given a low-sodium option. Tsk, tsk. So, what about the rolls? There is a large menu to select from, for starters. You can even put a slight twist on the standard California Roll. As for me and the group I was with, we had rolls that consisted of lobster, soft shell crap, salmon, shrimp, avocado and smelt roe. Each piece was good! I'd definitely order the soft shell crap again, as well as the sashimi sampler with a couple pieces of mackerel. So, does Kabuki know their sushi? I guess so. While sushi is always a must for me and while I tend to gobble up nearly any fish that is put before my face, I wasn't overly impressed with this place. Maybe I should blame the service. After all, we were never offered waters and our edamame was served COLD, like it had been sitting out in the kitchen for 2 hours. Ick. But, they have Orion, the best damn Japanese beer you'll find. Of course, they offer only the large bottle at $9 a piece. Yet, their price for sushi is reasonable. After all, large portions split between 4 people (although we had a party of 6) came out to $28 a person. If you eat sushi on a regular basis, you know it's hard enough to feed you and another for under $50 - never mind the drinks you may order. So, yeah, let's review the highlights: Good prices. Decent sushi. Yummy beer. Cool, down-tempo music. So, as you can see this place teeters between good and not-so-good. That's why at the end of the day, I give this place a middle-of-the-road rating: Sushi Lover's Average of 3.5 stars.
4	I hesitate to write a true review for this place as I have only been there for the grand opening.  I'm not sure if the free food buffet they had was a true sample of their menu or not.  I was impressed by the variety of food they had available, most notably the Teriyaki beef which is among the best I have ever tasted.  Growing up in Hawaii this is no small feat... I used to live off of the stuff.  They also had some interesting drinks available at the bar, including a sparkling sake beer (that is the only way I can think to describe it) that was quite addicting.
4	Warning:  I'm not a sushi guy, so this review is based only on food of the cooked variety, though, from what I heard from everyone else in the group who was enjoying the more raw variety, the sushi and sashimi comes in a wide selection and plentiful quantity.I started off with a Kirin, which is a good way to kick off any Japanese-ish meal, in my opinion.  I ordered the Beef Teriyaki, which comes with a very tasty miso, a bowl of rice and a rather mediocre salad.  The teriyaki was very well prepared, the meat cooked just right and the sauce tasty without being overpowering.   Also, the prices here are pretty reasonable.  I think the meal was in the $13 neighborhood and the 22oz. beer was $7.  Along with the huge list of sushi choices, they also had a nice selection of cooked seafood, as well. So, there's a little something for everyone.  I'm proof of that.
4	Damn this 5 point system! I don't want to give this place 4 stars, but yet it's not 3, what a dilemma. I will go with the sushi bell curve on this, and reluctantly provide a 4 click with my mouse.Overall, I had a great experience at Kabuki. It was pleasant decor, good service, and the restaurant was quiet enough to talk, but no too quiet, where if you tell a story you feel like your giving a speech in an auditorium.  They have a great variety of menu items, and the prices are reasonable. Since it was the birthday dinner of my date, and sort of an impromptu meeting of people that didn't really know each other, this place turned out be pretty cool for a new group to get to know each other. We had a group of 7 people, and the service was pretty good I must say. The only mishap was the accidental dropping of a "spider roll" I proceeded to wonder, "who's spider roll is this?" Which got the table all singing "spider roll, spider roll does whatever a spider roll can" from which I quipped, "oh this is just your friendly neighborhood spider roll." I can't help myself, when I can insert a Spiderman joke into  a situation, I just go for it.  From quotes like "What the hell, where is the fresh Wasabi?" To trying to determine what the mystery city in Japan was that one dinner guest wanted to travel to, we had fun. I've never wanted an iPhone more than this night, as topics ranged from music, to travel, to types of sushi.  I suggest Kabuki, for fun and games, tom foolery and shenanigans,  and  for sushi goers that don't take themselves too seriously.
1	A small group of us went here to eat several weeks ago... they weren't so busy that there was a wait, but the table we wanted outside was still dirty. We were tired and starving so we sat down anyway after they promised to have it cleaned straight away.20 minutes later, nobody had offered to take our drink order, but we managed to get someone to take most of the disgusting plates off of our table. We had asked a few people to send someone out to take our order and the table next to us that had been seated after us had gotten menus and drinks. They must've not understood that we were new customers even though the hostess knew, the waiter whos section it was new, and the bus boy and bartender both knew as well because we told them. I guess the filthy plates of half-eaten food and slime were tricking them. The five of us sat there trying to talk over the sounds of our gurgling stomachs as we waited for about a half hour without menus, drinks or any indication we were going to get served... finally, an off-duty employee came out and asked us if we had been served. We said no and that we were leaving and he flipped out. He said he wasn't on the clock so he couldn't help us, but he would try to flag someone down immediately.In the end, the place smelled very fishy (which you should know is a bad sign when eating at a fish restaurant - especially sushi) and we decided to just split and get food elsewhere. Between the fishy smell and the non service, there wasn't much keeping us there.The place looked kinda nice and I'm sure we just had an isolated experience - but until I actually try again and get some food and service, this will have to be my review - one star. If the place had been ultra packed, I might have forgiven this a little more.
4	if ninja is the suckiest place to eat japanese, then kabuki is the welcomed breath of fresh air that i needed.  usually when you go to the new fancy shmancy over-the-top decor restaurants the food is lacking.  much to my surprise, this place was decent.  we ordered sushi and entrees (i forgot to take pix) and it was really decent tasting semi-fusion-ish japanese food.a bit on the pricey side but at least it tasted pretty good.  where ninja's keystone cop waitresses lacked, kabuki waitresses did very well.  they were appropriately attentive, nice, but not hovering or annoying.  we had the 5'10'' former WNBA waitress who was pleasant and cordial.i know that the tempe mktplace is taking a lotta hits on how crappy it is but i was pleasantly surprised at the outdoor mall area.  there's this cool conversation pit by a gas fireplace in front of barnes and noble.  very family friendly and hopping on a friday nite.  my 15 m/o daughter was mesmerized by the water fountains and dancing water displays.  8 months of the year this place would be a great place to walk and hang out.  i hope it doesn't become a 1 hit wonder and fall to the way of the other malls of the past.
2	We stopped by Kabuki on the way home from the Suns game a couple of weeks ago.  We weren't starving and wanted to try this place out, so we figured we'd give it a shot for a quick sushi fix.The decor is somewhat typical trendy sushi bar - ultra modern and artsy - but pleasant nonetheless.  The music wasn't overly loud, and plasma televisions over the sushi bar were tuned to ESPN.  The place was relatively packed for an east valley restaurant at almost 11pm.  The crowd appeared to be mostly drinkers vs. eaters, as the noise level could attest; it felt more like a bar than a restaurant.We sat at the sushi bar, and were disappointed to see that the sushi chefs were busily packing away and cleaning their stations for the evening.  Our server advised that last call would be in about 10-15 minutes.  We were unimpressed that we were not offered miso or edamame after we were seated.The wait staff service was poor at both extremes -- painfully slow one moment, with the server hovering over us the next.  Our server brought menus and then stood and waited while we perused.  I told him we were just going to get sushi, so he insisted on taking our drink orders.  I ordered a Kirin and a glass of water (I didn't know how else to get rid of the guy!) and my companion (boyfriend sounds ridiculous at my advanced age) ordered sake and hot tea.  My beer was delivered quickly and cold, and then the server vanished.  The sake and tea didn't arrive until midway through our meal, after a second request.  Once I drained my water glass, it was never refilled, despite a request.  At the end of the meal we waited (and waited, and waited, and waited, and waited) for our check, and were finally able to snag our server to request the check as he flew past us.  This guy had only three modes:  anxious puppy (standing beside us with an expectant look on his face); falcon (flying past us at breakneck speed on his way to a mission); and invisible.The sake list is nice, and quite extensive.  The menu is nearly intimidatingly (I don't think that's really a word) large, with both raw and cooked options.  The raw portion of the menu was adequate, though neither creative nor exciting.We ordered toro sashimi, and for the money the portion was on the small side.  The normally buttery, smooth tuna belly was tough and chewy, a very unwelcome surprise.  We also ordered some nigiri and a couple of rolls.  The sushi was prepared quickly, and the chef was attentive enough to not toss everything at us at once, even though the evening clean-up process was well underway.  He presented the first couple of dishes, then waited a bit to bring forth more so that we weren't overwhelmed.  Each of the plates was presented beautifully.  The dishes themselves were very pretty -- they reminded me of sculpted ice.  The portions were smallish, but the fish was fresh.  The level of originality was about average, as was the taste.  The sushi prices were neither exorbitant nor cheap.This overall dining experience can best be described as average, leaning heavily towards sub-par considering the wait staff service and unforgivable toro.  It dawned on me as we departed and were walking past the other patrons that we did not fit the target demographic for the restaurant.  Kabuki is a place geared towards a younger, Gen X type that is less interested in high quality dining and more interested in seeing and being seen.  This less-demanding patron is very satisfied with a chain-imposed menu.  He/she is happy eating California rolls made from "crab" with a K and drinking copious quantities of Grey Goose lychee martinis.  I'm not criticizing this demographic - it's just not my style.
3	I needed a cure to a sushi craving, and that cure was Kabuki, kind of...I rallied some co-workers to get some lunchtime sushi, so we headed over to Kabuki.  It was nice out, so we sat outside.  That was part of the problem.  The service outside was not so good.  My friend had to ask for a water refill 4 times from 3 different people (including a manager) and didn't get it until we were leaving.  It took a long time to get through the lunch (over an hour).  Hopefully they'll work that kink out as they are open longer.I only ordered sushi rolls and edamame, so I can't speak to the rest of the menu.  We tried about 5 different rolls and they were all pretty good.  Some weren't my flavor, but that comes with the trying new things territory.  I've had better sushi, but it wasn't bad.  My biggest gripe is that they cut the rolls into 6 pieces which makes them hard to eat because the pieces are WAY too big for me and I felt like I was chewing forever.  Next time I am there I will ask them to cut it into 8 pieces.  If they'll do that, they have a returning customer here.I'll bump 'em up to 3.5 stars for the great happy hour prices.  The sushi craving wasn't completely cured, but subdued for now.
4	Good food at a good price for the lunch specials anyway. Efficient service, great portions for lunch specials for like $11. I thought it was quite reasonable and the quality and presentation were great. I would definitely come back again. The menu was fine, teriyaki, sushi, short ribs, tempura, but nothing that creative or special.
1	DON'T EAT HERE! Looked nice from the outside. There were over 12 empty tables, 2 couples waiting, and still we were told it would be a 25 minute wait. Decided to have a drink at the bar. We were the only 2 people at the bar and it took 5 minutes to get a bartender (as my English friend once put it, "If i don't have a drink in my hand in 30 seconds, the bar is s**t." Finally seated 30 minutes later. Very soggy edemame, clam miso clams were chewy, and the sushi....I'm no sushi expert, but we ordered 3 different rolls and each tasted slightly sour and "rank". Even the ginger had a very sour aftertaste. To top off things, we only had water and my glass stayed pretty much empty despite the waitress promising to fill it up right away...three times. And they didn't bother to clear off the dirty drink glasses, something that should be rudimentary considering their drinks are over priced. Overall, poor service, poor food quality....obviously not the only ones thinking so, as the facility was more than half empty, which should have been a clear sign to stay away. DON'T EAT HERE!
3	Hubby and I needed a pre-prom (chaperoning, that is) dinner, and the Tempe Marketplace was very close to the venue. He suggested the new Japanese place, and although I was hesitant about sushi in the desert, I agreed to go. The restaurant was pretty busy, but we were seated right away. The table still had a chunk of someone else's seafood on it- not a positive start. We ordered iced teas- Hubby's oolong tasted unusual- neither of us cared for it. We decided to order the Love Boat (a 2-order minimum sampler platter, essentially) for about $18 a piece. Miso soup came first- it was hot but on the bland side. The came the boat- it was so huge I was a little embarrassed to have it on the table, and it turned out to be far too much food, even for 2 hearty eaters like ourselves. The tempura veggies and shrimp were quite fresh and tasty. In the California rolls, the crab was Krab, and pretty mushy. The dumplings were flavorful, but the meats-teriyaki chicken and beef ribs) were barely luke-warm when they came out. I found both to be on the tough side, but Hubby liked them anyway. The mussels were served on a half-shell and were smothered in a creamy cheesy sauce. Hubby hated it, mainly due to a texture issue, and I thought it was edible, but I probably wouldn't choose to again. Everything was layered on top of a bed of iceberg lettuce and tomato wedges which we didn't even end up touching. The fresh pineapple was a nice desserty finish. The service was fine, and the waitress was conscious of our time limits due to prom. Hubby definitely wants to go back and I'm on the fence. Maybe for the tempura...
4	Really love this place....Great sushi, cocktails and decor. The staff is young but really helpful and fun. I enjoyed the Lobster specialty and it was amazing! I am now addicted to the lychee martini too. I shared the vegi tempura and it was the best I ever had. This place is a perfect spot for a girls gathering or first date. The patio is small but great for people watching in Tempe Marketplace. And of course there is something for the non sushi eater too!
4	A friend recommended Kabuki to me, so we a group of us decided to go last night after a movie.  We made it in time for reverse happy hour, which starts at 10pm on Friday and Saturday's.  The four of us ordered plenty of sushi and a round of cosmopolitans, and our total was only $50!  The reverse happy hour prices for a few drinks and tasty sushi rolls were impressive!  Comparing this place to RA, I'd choose Kabuki.  The cosmopolitan was not quite up to my standards, so that's the only deduction from five stars, but maybe that's just not one of their signature cocktails.  Also, the service was friendly and pretty quick, but it took a little longer than we wanted to get our bill paid at the end of the night.  Definitely the place you want to go after a movie at Tempe Marketplace!  I will definitely be back!
3	The sushi here is fairly affordable, the selection (of rolls) ok.  The decor is a bit over-the-top, as in trying too hard to look nice and eclectic without actually spending any money.  Service here has been good, poor, and mediocre.  The sushi has never been bad but never great either.  I would characterize this place as fairly convenient and affordable, but certainly not top-notch sushi.
1	I went back to Kabuki, as promised.  Boy have things changed in two weeks!  They no longer have a reverse happy hour, though their website still said so on Friday, June 13, 2008, which is the date I dined there.  The service was slow and very rude.  I felt that the server was disappointed we decided to eat there.  The hostess was also very rude and avoided eye contact, tossing our menus onto the table and turning around before introducing any specials or saying a server would be right with us or something.  It also took almost 20 minutes to receive our check at the end of our meal, though we were one table out of only about eight that were left among several servers.  Several servers were also gathered around a table of guests seated near us, laughing and chatting, while the rest of us waited for service.  This experience was so terrible for the boyfriend and I that we will not be returning again.  What a turn for the worse!  Forget everything I said in that first review; now this place has shown its true colors!
4	My experiences on three different occasions were all great!  Better to go during lunch time as they are usually slow.  Never had any issues with the wait staff.  I tried a table, but sitting at the sushi bar was much better.  Food is great, especially their hand made sushi speciality rolls.  The Spider Roll is my favorite.  As crazy as it sounds, I drank hot green tea because it just goes well with sushi instead of soda.  My co-worker got me hooked on this place during her last work visit to Scottsdale and I've always made it a point to eat here during my visits.  Can't wait to visit again (even in triple digit weather)!
4	The short version: good sushi, decent prices, decent service, decent atmosphere.Of all of the sushi places in Tempe to visit, this is the best to go to with a group, as we often do. Compared to some other choices (Sushi101=small, cramped, poor quality; RA=dirty, smelly, loud), it seems to be the best in our book.The service is okay. No one smiling or seemingly excited about their lives, but they keep the beverages coming.The sushi is good. I admit I'm a roll fan, so take what I say with a grain of salt. The rolls bigger than most and I personally like the rose, the philly, the lotus, the lotus on fire, the dragon, and variations of the california roll (topped with scallops, lobster, deep fried, etc.). I give them four stars because I frequent here with the work crowd and we like it enough to come back.
3	Don't go if you are looking for super-fresh and well-prepared sushi. If, however, you are looking for a happy hour spot with cheap, good drinks in a chic environment where you can also get some discounted sushi, Kabuki is the spot for you. My husband and I were going to see the premiere of the Mamma Mia sing-along version at Harkins Tempe Marketplace and wanted to stop at a happy hour or two first. Thanks to previous Yelp reviews, we found out that Kabuki has happy hour featuring drink and food specials, so we decided to check it out. I loved the decor in the bar area - very sleek and modern with lots of cool, vertical Sake bottle displays. Our drinks (on special for $4.95) were quite good - I had the Mint Drop, which was refreshing but not too sweet and he had the Long Island, which was nice and strong without being disgusting. For snacks, we had the Spicy Tuna and Salmon Skin rolls (each $2.95) - both were fine but not much better than the stuff you can buy at grocery stores. Our server was friendly and efficient. All in all, we got two good drinks and some standard sushi for under $20, including tip. Not bad. Kabuki is definitely a cool spot for meeting some friends for happy hour, but don't count on the sushi being anything to write home about.
2	My fiancee and I love sushi so we're very exited to see new sushi restaurant in our area. Unfortunately this place brought more disappointment then joy. Food was pretty average, service was slow, all thought restaurant was half empty. My fiancee was drinking Sprite but server refill his glass with water, we had to ask 3 times for more ginger and wasabi, just little things that make you very annoyed and wanting to never go back. I hope that owner of this place will hire better employees or help existing employees work on their customer service skills. I would hate to see such a beautiful restaurant in such a great location to go out of business because of poor service.
4	Sashimi Bowl with a side of rice. That's all I gotta say. 5 fresh fish options, with generous portions of each, with the pure "hot stuff" (fresh wasabi, not the green paste) on the side. Yum. The eel and mackeral (ordered separately) are good too. Oh, and did I mention they serve Orion? Sweet!****I've been back a few times for HH too. It's a great option if you're craving sushi and want to watch your budget. Alot of the options are spicier than I like, though, but they have something for everyone, it seems. Can't go wrong with $1.50 Kirin draft.
2	I hate to give a bad review but we had a pretty paltry experience at Kabuki. We knew we wanted to try a new place for Sushi and instead of using Yelp reviews we used the convenience of Tempe Marketplace, big mistake. With all of the new Sushi places and good reviews on here I wish we wouldn't have wasted the time or money at Kabuki. We sat at the bar and I wouldn't blame all of the bad experience on the bartender. There was one for the entire bar and for the entire restaurant (making all of the drinks for the servers as well). Therefore, it took a good 10 minutes of us sitting in front of him for him to ask us what we wanted to drink. We ordered 3 items about 30 minutes into being there. After being there for about an hour we received one item that we ordered then 10 minutes later received one more and one that we didn't order. We said we would just eat it but instead they put in for our original order and stored the Sushi in a fridge under the bar (whomever orders that roll next is not going to get it rolled fresh). The good thing was that it wasn't terribly expensive. $6-$10 for a roll and I think around $8 or $9 for a Sake Bomb. It just took us close to two hours to eat at the bar and the food wasn't really that amazing. I hate giving bad reviews, maybe I will change it to 3....no I will leave it at 2. If we ever stop in again and it is better I will definitely raise my star rating.
2	Nowhere inspires my wrath more than Tempe Marketplace, except maybe a Super Walmart parking lot. But I think they're building one of those here, too. Add in a Babies 'R' Us and you'd hit the slit-my-wrists trifecta.Kabuki would probably get three stars from me if it weren't located in the midst of this fakey-fake "urban experience" mall bullshit. But it is, so it doesn't.Plus, they make their iced tea with tap water and it tastes like shit. But coworkers looooove lunching at Tempe Marketplace. It's close to the office, and it's easy to drive and park there (never mind that we could walk to Mill Ave.) So OK, fine. I'm game, unless it's Maria Maria.I've been here twice -- once for lunch and once for happy hour. Well, we tried to go for happy hour. It ends at 6:00. Fuck you, too, Kabuki. I work too late for that bullshit. Next time I'll just go to Ra, where I might get severely injured eardrums from the ear-splitting club music bullshit. But at least they have cheap HH prices 'til 7:00. And they're on my drunk bus route home.
2	Okay, maybe I'm being a little harsh but Kabuki hit the big fail button! Maybe my darling co-worker as well for not checking the order before bringing it back. A co-worker and I wanted to try it out for lunch and since it's in close proximity of our workplace, we said let's go. We called in our order, I had ordered the Bar-B-Que rib and tempura combo and she ordred the Gold Rush Roll and Vegetable Roll. When she came back, hers looked amazing and mine, well, wasn't what I expected. It was SALMON! How the hell do you get salmon and bar-b-que rib mixed up. And also there wasn't any tempura sauce in the bag. Being pressed for time, I sat there and gagged down the dry salmon (teriyaki sauce did nothing for me) and tempura. If there was a survey tip in the "Good for" that said nothing, I would put my check mark there.
3	I guess they were okay for a CHAIN, in a MALL.  Service was quick and even gave us free endame, I know, that's not much but it's something.  Just had a few rolls all of which were fine.  3 of the 4 rolls were about the size as a coffee cup, way too big for a humans mouth.  So what's a person do with rolls that are too big?Do you: A) Push the entire roll in you pie-hole and hope no food falls out when you start chewing.B) Cut up the roll with a knife and fork.C) Use your chopsticks to pick apart the roll into small bite size portions.Have your answer ready before you visit this place.
2	From the exterior of the restaurant, you see this upscale, hip, and contemporary sushi joint in the corner of the Tempe Marketplace. Yea, its nice, but it didn't seem like anything special. My experience was probably ruined by the fact that it was all just open space. By open space, I mean, there weren't any walls dividing the room's ambiance. It felt like a high school cafeteria, as far as noise went. The menu wasn't surprising as far as pricing went and the pricing was roughly $23 per person if you get water. Figuring, I'm supposed to be paying for all this "ambiance", I was disappointed. So, I decided, its the food that must supplement the value of the cost. Yea, I'd have to admit, the food was tasty, but so is most sushi from places like this. Nothing special here, which is why I can't rate it very high.Food: Tasty, NormalAmbiance: Lame, felt like I was at a buffet (I said "like")Other details: Hmm, we reserved a table, but when it came time to sit, we were given a table very tiny. The plates were so overly-sized, we had to laugh about it. I didn't mean to be rude to the waitress about mentioning the restaurants comparison to TGIF. This is reference to how they were singing birthday songs, as others in that class do. I come to a sushi joint to get a feel of authenticity of Japanese cuisine, not another americanized potential food-chain with expensive lighting.
2	Sushi was the worst...who puts mayo on a roll... Not even the Japanese do this!!Its def. a chain restaurant. Got to the place about 10 mins before the happy hour was over and the waitress wouldnt let us order.. WTF is that about?
4	Yummy! i love sushi and i love this place. we went last night about 7:30pm and were quickly seated in front by the window. our server promptly arrived for our drink order. We ordered a bottle of the plum wine for $20 and it was delicious. we also ordered the seafood salad, which was a generous heaping of crab, tons of baby scallops and shrimp over a bed of mixed greens with a ginger dressing, cucumber and carrots. we also ordered yellow tail & maguro sushi, plus the eel, crab and avacodo roll & the fried california roll served on eel sauce. it was all very fresh and tasty. the last roll melted in my mouth, their california rolls have a crab mix inside, my only complaint, except when its deep fried.  the free serving of edamame was a nice start too! the first time we tried kabuki was on my sisters birthday last July. she had a group of 15 and they were very accomodating, even dressed and presented our own cake brought in for her. for a big group, they did a phenominal job, even with all the split checks "Oye vei" just the thought. oh yeah speaking of head effecting, we all had a popper that makes a bang when you pull the string and at the blow of the candles we pulled the strings. even with all the loud pops and the stares, the servers, managers and bussers were so nice, not saying a word or frowning on it.  (but don't try this unless your ready for the repercussions) ENJOY yelpers and make sure if you don't want a big 'o roll to eat, order the cut rolls, hand rolls are always big (someone should teach a sushi 101 class to teach these things, it might curtail all the bad reviews)the best part about eating there is the nice walk around the tempe market place. its a strip mall-turned outdoor entertainment haven for tourist, but its people watching at its best. only problem is its in an akward area, with one way in and one way out. the traffic in & out sucks and sometimes the parking is worse, but get over it , enjoy the company your with and get your Kabuki on!
1	SmellyLoudPretentious for no good reason at allOverpricedBut the worst thing for someone like me, as a vegetarian, is that there are perhaps two items on the entire menu from which to choose.  I don't mind macguyvering a meal out of the appetizer section, but come on! All you have is tofu or edamame? No thanks.
4	The Chirashi Sushi dish is one of my favorite dishes... anywhere.  The rice is always perfectly cooked and the seasoning plentiful.  The sashimi that tops this dish is generally good but there have been times that I've been disappointed.  In my experiences, the staff have always been pleasant and courteous.
4	This location is right in the middle of Tempe Marketplace which is very convenient.  When you walk in, you see the very interesting and contemporary decor.  This is definitely a chain restaurant but that's ok.  There is such thing as chain restaurant that serves yummy food :)  The service was very prompt and nice.  We had usual selections of sushi which turned out to be ok, spicy tuna roll, and kabuki roll which was very interesting...better than we expected.  The ama-ebi was bigger and sweeter than the one served at Shimogamo.  Oh and Ikura (salmon roe) was fresh.  Price wise, it was more than what we are used to b/c the prices at Kabuki in Old Town Pasadena, CA are usually cut in half all night long.Overall, it was good enough to add to the list of fav/convenient restaurants.  So Shimogamo? or Kabuki?......I say Kabuki b/c of it's fun location.  You get to shop, have desserts, and the area is very lively. *Location = good*Price = expected...around $90/couple without alcohol*Food = pretty good
4	the restaurant is HUGE. like enormous. maybe it looked so large because it was so empty, but im not one for huge crowds or elbowing neighbors during dinner.went here for lunch while waiting for our movie. sat at the sushi bar, where you get an awesome view of...slabs of raw fish. not cool. it would be more beneficial for a sushi bar to allow people to view the making of the sushi vs. looking at fish meat. after looking at the menu we were completely in awe of how many different types of sushi they offer. they have a special section of the menu with pictures and descriptions of the latest menu additions which is helpful. they serve you complimentary edamame (cold) while you wait and decide. their cocktails looked spiffy, i was a bit disappointed that their calpico was non-alcoholic, but settled on a fav of mine, four peaks kiltlifter. we also ordered a cucumber mojito which was clean, crisp, and refreshing. it was served with large slices of cucumber inside it which were delicious to eat soaked in mojito.we decided on the volcano roll (baked spicy tuna), lotus on fire roll (a specialty, baked lobster meat and jalepeno on top of a california roll), and a classic philly roll. all three were fantastic. the lotus roll was by far my favorite though, a very interesting piece of sushi i must say (check out the pic). the sauce it was served with was tasty and the jalepeno on top kicked that little sucker up a notch. anything hot and spicy im drawn to and i'd come back to kabuki just for this roll. the volcano rolls were delicious as well, i've never had baked spicy tuna, or really any kind of "hot" sushi. all were reasonably priced and although it wasn't happy hour, we didn't manage to spend more than $35 for 3 rolls and 2 drinks. not bad for a chain japanese restaurant.
3	I ate here for the second time in the past year. I had fried tofu and asparagus rolls the first time. It was fine, the tofu was battered then fired. I preferred it without the batter. Second visit I had a salmon skin roll, OMG so yummy. I also had mozzarella and jalapeno wrapped in seaweed and deep fried in tempura... I wasn't sure of the seaweed and cheese combo. It was very tasty.. I've already decide on my next meal there, I'm having the salmon skin roll with miso soup and salad! My niece had a combo plate, she was happy with her meal as well! It was a lot of food. Another GREAT thing about this eatery they don't use styrofoam takeout containers.
3	The pricing is a bit high for the quality of meat they use. I didnt expect the freshest and best meat to be used - but I did expect quality for the price they were asking.The rest of the dish was great though. The service was very wonderful and attentive. Thumbs down on the disposable chopsticks. This place was neither here nor there and I can not say I will remember this place in a week one way or another.
4	The sushi rolls are very good but service organization is a little slow. I like to go there since the taste of sushis and especially tuna and salmon sashimis are highly satisfied. I usually go there 4 times in a month. In addition their red musk club provide good score as long as you eat there.Right, the service very wonderful and attentive, but the service time and their organization is usually slow. I think it was in february that  we got a response that since the waitress were not enough, we had to be waited for 15 minutes, although they had a lot of empty tables in the outside. This was very disappointed feeling since we were so hungry.
2	I decided to try Kabuki for lunch one Friday with a small group of people. I have to say if I can help it, I wouldn't go back. The service was the biggest reason for this. The place was almost completely empty when we arrived, yet the service was horrendous. Our food was not brought out in the order it should've been or even at the same time. Two of us waiting for nearly 25 minutes after the others received their food before we got ours. I feel it would've been longer had we not hounded the few people we saw every chance we got to inquire about the status of our order. Several times I saw our waitress go right past us and avoid eye contact. Hmph. The food was okay. A vague description of an appetizer left me wanting more. The sushi wasn't the best I had but was by no means horrible. I did finish it because I wanted to and not because I was starving.
3	Kabuki was great....A lovely little middle-of-the-afternoon oasis found in Tempe Marketplace!  I scoped out the menu had some some sushi for happy hour, including some rare beef sashimi, some unusual and unique rolls and complimentary edamame.  Although I did not dine here for a full meal, I feel justified in expressing my enjoyment of their happy hour.  The tiny bar was cozy and the service was good.  The happy hour prices were enticing and I would definitely return for it:)  Although for my personal taste the ambiance of Kabuki seemed a little too corporate for me I definitely would return for their happy hour and maybe to sample other menu items.  I will keep you posted on my next visit:)
4	I hadn't been to Kabuki for maybe a year, and wasn't particularly thrilled at the prospect of hitting it up for happy hour this afternoon.  I was pleasantly surprised - everything was better than I remembered it, from the service, to the prices, to the food.  Time to bump up the star rating and start encouraging friends to pay it a visit before movies at the Harkins at the other end of the mall.  I'm now a fan!
4	The last time I was here, one of my very good friends wasn't yet with child. Since then, she gave birth to a beautiful little girl (whom I shall likely see this weekend). During that visit, I had the company of friends and that lended itself favorably to enjoying that experience. Tonight, with another group of good friends, I rekindled the love affair that is Kabuki. First, I must say that Tempe Marketplace is an amazing venue and, in and of itself, deserves respect for culminating such an amazing atmosphere. Kabuki fits in swimmingly with this notion. Impressive service, high-quality sushi and a stellar happy hour make this a very coveted destination. I look forward to returning, even if it's off the light rail path. Ask Casey what he did to his fingers.
2	I don't eat sushi. I stick with other menu items when I eat Japanese. The group of 8 I was with was not impressed by the sushi served at this place.  The sushi didn't seem to be as fresh or the fish as high of quality as other places.This group eats sushi all the time. Among the lowlights was one person put a roll in her mouth only to come across a tooth pick that was meant to hold the roll in place (i'm assuming), but was broken somewhere along the way.I wasn't impressed with what I had-some beef item and some sesame chicken. I should have just drank my beers and had the enaname and nothing else.The one bright spot was the happy hour beer, drinks and the lower cost of the food items during happy hour. Everyone would have been really irked if we had to pay full price for the food since there was little to no enjoyment there.Service was pretty slow and took awhile to get the check.. This place would be at the bottom if not the bottom of Japanese/sushi places in/around Tempe.
3	To get a 5 something really has to rock, sorry. It didn't rock. It was pretty good, but it didn't rock. Got several different sorts of sushi with a large group and most were pretty good, especially the spicy ones. Also got the garlic edamame, which was pretty good, too. It is a good location, too. You know, as I right this I realize nothing stood out for me here. A-OK.
2	First Off, I have only gone there for happy hour during Mon-Fri.  No Weekends.  However, I am a frequent Sushi eater, and not just because it's trendy...  I do like Kabuki because of it's pricing, the rolls are usually ok, not the best, but certainly good for the money.  We usually do not drink there, but their drink menu is very cheap.  However, EVERY time I have gone there, it's pretty much dead, and the service has SERIOUSLY been lacking.  I always go with the same friend, we always order the same things, most of the time it's between the same 3 waiters.  Its ALWAYS slow.  They ALWAYS forget at least one thing we ordered.  It always take WAY longer than any other Sushi place we go to (even when those other places are slammed).  The only reason I finally decided to write a review was that I ordered a couple new things this last time, and they were completely unacceptable.  We ordered 4 different types of Rolls, and two types of Sashimi.  The rolls were sticky and tasted not very fresh, the avocado on one was turning brown.  The Sashimi was left off of our order until we asked for it 2 times, then it came out oviously old, sticky, and smelly.  Unedible.  We had to ask for Wasabe which has always been included before, and when it came out it was obviously old and dry as well.  My main upset was about the Tempura Mozzarella we ordered which was a first.  It was unedible as well.  The first bite was great, but it was STUFFED with Jalapeno STEMS.  Not pieces of the peppers (which I would have picked out anyways bc it just didn't suit the tempura AT ALL) but woody, extremly spicy STEMS.  DISGUSTING.  I WILL NEVER GO BACK.  Too many failed attempts.  Above all, THERE US NO EXCUSE FOR THE THOROUGHLY SHI**Y SERVICE.  NO excuse.
2	8/06First visit.  Happy hour.  Two rolls- A Philadelphia and a spicy salmon roll, deep-fried, with roe on top.  Most sushi spots gladly substitute an ingredient if the regular order contains allergens I can't have without an upcharge.  Not Kabuki.  (I've had owners, chefs, and cooks tell me themselves that if a recipe is easily amenable, they'll gladly do the substitutions, w/ no offense taken.  This Kabuki chef isn't one of them.)  So food photos will reflect these recipe omissions.  Ordered a glass of house pinot grigio, which had a big black speck floating in it, but this was quickly remedied.  So few HH apps and drinks to choose from.  Servers were friendly enough, but sushi chef was VISIBLY annoyed (full face-frontal) when I had to return a dish as it contained an allergen I requested not to be used.  I could understand the offense if I had forgotten to include the info, or if I had multiple orders that made it hard for him to keep track, but a mistake on the second of two dishes, and with a list of allergens on a note right under your nose as a reminder??  Atmosphere is nothing to right home about.  I did like the lone red mosaic tile in the women's restroom.  Loved the contrast against the all-black theme.
3	Had heard decent reviews of the sushi so decided to try on a Friday night for a place with a little more atmosphere and people watching. I'm a Sakana fan myself. So, the first thing that sets me off is the fish smell when I walk in the door - not good to sour the stomach of this midwestern girl turned sushi lover with the smell of pond and old fish. I won't waste your or my time with obtuse banter so here is the rundown: - Atmosphere: typical black and red Japanese decor - Bathrooms: cool stone sinks that drip and slosh water on your feet so be aware - Sashimi: overpriced, so-so quality, served in a glass bowl over ice - Rolls: underwhelming - Calipico soda: fabulous - Deserts: yummy but small - Birthday celebrations: abundant and noisy with little tambourines that lit up
3	It is tradition that my brother and I go for sushi when he braves the heat down here. I can't imagine a better combination to welcome him with then heat and raw fish. But it works in this crazy desert! We like to try different places and while we were shopping at Tempe Market Place we thought that this might be a decent little place for some good ol' fashion rolls. When we arrived it looked like your traditional hip cool martini/sushi bar. The hostess was very nice and sat us immediately. Pretty soon after the server arrived to take drink orders and my bro and I looked over the extensive list of rolls. I must say they have a pretty inventive list. One roll was called the brain (If memory serves me correctly) and it was a blob of fish mix and red sauce. Pretty gross to look at but not bad. My only complaint with this place is the service (if you have read any of my reviews this is what will always get you in the end). After our server took our drinks, we really didn't see much of her till our bill. NOT a good impression to someone who has been in the industry since she was 16. The sushi was ok, nothing I would say my brother and I are dying to go back for. But if you are looking for more atmosphere and pretty people then quality...Kabuki is your place!
1	Here is the first awful restaurant that compelled me to write a review, its from another website before I found this one. It's back from Nov. 2008 so who knows if things have changed, but me thinks not as to what I have heard..This restaurant was the worst I have been to for the price::I usually never write reviews of restaurants unless I am moved to do so. My experience here was not pleasant and mistake after mistake compelled me. First off, I am a chef at a respectable restaurant in Tempe. I have also waited tables before at many restaurants. Our server completely forgot my drink order, I ignored that and just decided to forget about it. My cousin got an appetizer of mushrooms and other sauteed veggies that was pretty bland. What completely upset me is that our server brought out our sushi, teriyaki chicken and salads at the same time! So while I'm trying to enjoy my sushi my entree is getting cold and my salad was warm because it is plated next to the chicken. The albacore I got seemed to be seared on the edges, which isn't mentioned on menu, but it was very dry, not stored correctly. My philly roll was disgusting, I had to send it back The first time I had ever sent anything back. It just tasted not fresh and premade. My server didnt seem to care, not even a sorry, but a "that's weird our fish is fresh everyday", well it dont taste like it people! Also server had completely forgotten my soup, I had to remind twice, then finally ask for it to go(reminded again after the bill came). My teriyaki chicken was dry and the sauce wasn't so good, the sauce I requested to make it spicy was pretty unappetizing(My server forgot that too, had to remind) (maybe she was stoned?)I think Kyoto Bowl has better Spicy Teriyaki Chicken and even Ra has better sushi(crazy but true) I wish I could say my drink was good, but alas! I NEVER got it.  ( I kept waiting and wouldn't say anything just to see if she remembered)I wouldn't waste my time here if you want good japanese food and sushi. Go to Ichiban, Sapporo, Stingray, Sushi Brokers, etc. This place blows! PLEASE PLEASE Tempe Marketplace get one GOOD restaurant here!
2	With a menu that starts with multiple pages of alcoholic beverages, I'm going to guess this is more of a happy hour type of place.  Unfortunately for us, we came here for dinner.  I thought the Garlic Edamame sounded good, but found it to be greasy, soggy and mostly inedible.  The gyoza, sushi and beef teriyaki were all fine but after my disappointment with the edamame, I can't seem to give this place better than a "meh."
4	Before, I get started, I should mention that I really think they deserve 3 stars...but they got lucky I walked in during happy hour so they got an extra star for their happy hour menu. Mmkay let's get started.I was craving some warm udon soup but it was already 9 at night so I wasn't sure where to find some.  Somehow I remembered Kabuki from the Marketplace so the bf and I gave them a call. Lucky me, even on a Wednesday night, they were closing at 1030, whoo hoo.We were happy to find out reverse hh was going on, they have this deal: buy one, get the second for $1. Genius.  I ordered Tempura udon, we also ordered some appetizers off the hh menu, we got gyoza and sesame chicken.  The bf ordered two rolls :pyramid roll and the kabuki roll. We also had salmon and tuna sushi.Udon: It was really good, I mean I was craving it so it hit the spot.  I thought the portion looked kind of small but I was stuffed.  They also had a nice variety of tempura yum.The Rolls:  Honestly..I would pass.  The rolls all sounded amazing but nothing really wowed me.  I would definitely choose the pyramid roll over the kabuki roll but if I was there for hh, I would actually pick a simpler roll off the hh menu and be perfectly satisfied.The sushi: I did not have any of this but the bf this mention the salmon was extremely fresh.  He did not say anything about the tuna, which means it was just mehThe appetizers: YUM. Money  well spent really.  the portions were a lot bigger than any Japanese restaurant I've been  and they were on hh!!!!Now, like I said I don;t think I would actually come for sushi but other Japanese foods. And try and make it out for hh!
4	It must be sushi week for me, as this was my second helping in 4 days. I met a friend here for lunch after a morning at the movies. I used to visit Kabuki frequently when I first started working in my current position, but then a group of friends reported not feeling well after a visit and I had not returned in the year since then. Upon further review, I seem to have forgotten to include that side note when recommending to my friend that we eat there. My bad.  We arrived about 12:30 on Sunday. We discovered the menu indicating select items were on sale during Cardinal game days. By one item from a section of the menu at regular price and another item in that section was $1. Good news - the Cardinals were playing (well, at least they suited up for the game), but I digress...as you may have seen from prior reviews of mine, I am limited in my sushi knowledge. I went for the comfort zone and ordered the Philadelphia roll. I can't really tell you what we had - I do remember to Kiren beer, the Philly roll, a lotus roll, something with scallops...something else...I can't forget her eel (which I reluctantly tried a teenie tiny corner of, but really it wasn't bad.The restaurant has a nice appearance. Very comfortable and spacious. It was not crowded at all, which made for a nice dining experience. The waiter was very cool, gave us time to review the menu and provided excellent service.  I am still not sure what I ate, but I was in good hands with our waiter and my dining partner. I would totally trust her recommendations any time - unless she made me eat that whole eel. Then I might have to reconsider...It was an enjoyable afternoon and I will definitely return to Kabuki again.
4	This was my first visit to Kabuki on a lazy Sunday afternoon. I met a friend there after going to see the early showing of Avatar, which by the way was fabulous but that is for another review.They had a special menu for game day inwhich anything that was on this list, you buy one and you get the next item for $1. Not too shabby considering it was about 12:30 or so on a Sunday and its hard to find a happy hour that early on a Sunday (do they even exist?)  Our waiter Ryan was very patient and he backed me up when I was trying to explain to my friend some of the "safe rolls" as he is still a sushi novice. (Poor thing doesn't realize what he is missing)We ordered Kirin, Philly Roll, Lotus Roll (which was topped with lobster yummy) Cucumber roll, Salmon roll, Unagi, Sweet Shrimp, Baked Scallop Roll - whew. (Hey this is from the girl who goes to all you can eat sushi, what did you expect?) I think my friend got a nice easy intro into sushi. I mean he eats it from time to time, but I need to get home onto bigger and better things.At any rate, the sushi was very good. The lotus roll, the baked scallop roll, and my unagi were of course my favorites. I love my unagi! I tried to get my friend to try it and he did try an ity bity bit. He said it was ok but I am not too sure. He did eat the shrimp which was pretty impressive but trying to see him get the tail off was pretty funny. However he did it in a very dignified way so kudos for him. Needless to say I stuffed myself as usual but its Sushi!!! I love sushi. Enough said.It was a very cute restaurant and not crowded, but then again it was a Sunday afternooon and I am not sure people know about their game day special. Again kudos to Ryan for the excellent service he provided.I will definitely have to try Kabuki again if I am ever on that side of town. All in all it was a very good Sunday afternoon with a great friend.
2	I'm always on the search for sushi that costs under $10 a person at lunch. That is probably asking for too much. Anyway, for $20 two of us got the salmon and yellowtail sushi, and the philadelphia and shrimp rolls. The sushi wasn't bad, but the shrimp roll was terrible. I was still a little hungry after but didn't want to pay for another mediocre roll. If you love sushi I would not recommend going here.
4	Thank you Arizona for providing me with some good sushi! It's a busy place since it's located in a huge shopping plaza but it was worth it. I was so pleased with the quality of fish, the flavor and texture of the rice and their prices are reasonable. Service was great...our sush took longer than the combo meal to come out but our server Jaime was visibly upset by this and so apologetic. No problem though because the food was worth the wait. Bonus points for the mango iced tea! Will definitely go back for our sushi fix when in AZ.
5	I just read some of the reviews posted about this restaurant and I am not sure that I agree with them.  Personally, I love coming to Kabuki.  The place is huge, airy, and well designed.  I love the mix of glass, red, and black contemporary decor.Each time I dine here, I have a good experience.  I love getting their chicken sukiyaki ($9.95)- the portion is so large that it's enough for 3 lunches.  I also love their Firecracker appetizer ($6.95)- tuna mixed with tomatoes served with deep fried eggroll chips.  Again, the portion is so generous, you can order this for lunch and being completely satisfied.  Their lunch overlaps their happ hour by an hour so you can have a late lunch and start enjoying happy hour priced drinks- can't beat this deal!  I also like their extensive menu- there is something for everyone.  My husband, who does not eat sushi, loves going there with me because he'll actually find an item on the menu that he likes to eat!I tried to make it to Kabuki everytime I am by the Tempe Marketplace- wish I lived closer to this restaurant!
3	Three stars for kabuki. Food: 5 stars- Excellent rolls , and i must recommend the sunkist roll's , which are specialty rolls. They are California rolls with raw tuna over the top and some sort of delicious sauce. Also, the Philly rolls are amazing. They also give you edamame beans, which are tasty ! Price: 4  stars - So, in comparison to likes of Ra sushi, Kabuki's price's are amazing. Regular rolls are 4-6 dollars for 6-8 rolls and around 9 dollars for 6 specialty rolls. Atmosphere: 4 stars- The restaurant is decorated in a modern, and artistic fashion. Service: 2 stars- The servers at Kabuki are not attentive what so ever, once they get your order it seems like simply forever until you finally receive your food. Once, you finally do they will not give you the time of day from there on out. In fact, one time our server completely deserted us and a different server came and brought us our check. They never even asked how the food was. They spend more time talking to each other then tending to the customers.
3	Went with a some friends after work and we sat near the bar on the couches, it was a fun, casual atmosphere. Always love good sushi rolls! Although I love a good craft beer, I am not a big enough drinker to enjoy or tell about their Saki bombers- so I am sure I probably miss out on the full effect of the sushi happy hour experience!
2	I ended up here randomly one weeknight for dinner. My friend and I were seated at the sushi bar. I don't expect the best service at the bar, but it was almost impossible to order a drink.The decor was nice, but the sushi was overpriced and you didn't get a lot for what you paid for. My biggest complaint was the sushi bar itself. It was too high and had tin foil blocking the display glass. I mean what is the point of sitting at the sushi bar if you can't see the sushi chef making the sushi. I haven't eaten in the main part of the restaurant, but I would not recommend the sushi bar.
2	And now, the long awaited Kabuki update... to be fair, this update is a combination of several mishaps and events... they all are related to each other, and therefore I felt they needed to be reviewed together. As I've previously stated, I was never going to rush back to kabuki. The first and only trip was enough for me. However, about two months or so ago, I was invited to a lunch for a project I was on, and I hesitantly went. The lunch was back to back with a meeting I had... knowing this, and my issues last time, I arrived a half hour early with another coworker to make sure my order was in. We each ordered three rolls if I remember correctly. After we ordered, the others arrived (please note, it took a half hour to be able to put our order in... even though no one was in the restaurant).Everyone else began to put theirs in as well and sushi and other ordered items began to arrive. 20 more minutes passed and I soon realized everyone had their food but me. Even those that ordered after. It was now close to my time to leave so I flagged down our server and asked him if I could have my sushi to go. I wasn't extremely hungry, but knew I would be craving something by mid afternoon.It all went downhill from here. Rather than checking on my order or anything else for that matter, I was attacked and accused of not putting an order down. After all, had it been, it obviously would've been at the table. After 5 minutes of several people ensuring him my order was on a list, I gave up and said to just bring me a philly roll quick so I can not starve myself. One of my coworkers graciously gave up his take home items so I could eat. I was ever thankful.I left angry and upset...but thanks to friends not completely starving. The food was good, but quickly overlooked by the terrible service I've received both times I've been here. Honestly the food is the only thing that gives them the 2nd star. I bitched on twitter about my disdain and soon had a message from their corporate office. They wanted to call me to discuss the matter with that locale. I told them I didn't really wish to speak with the locale. What's done is done. I wasn't sure what they could honestly say to make me feel better about how I was treated.Kabuki responded with a rather generous gift card. I decided I would give them one more shot (after all, it was on the house). Honestly I was scared to use it... even with the meal being free, I wasn't sure I could handle the stress of another bad experience. It took me nearly a month to use it.This past week, I returned and took with me the kind coworker who offered me their take home sushi. We made sure to go on a day where we didn't have any appointments immediately after lunch. We also arrived early. Once again, the place was practically empty. There were only 4 other people there. We started off with drinks as we pondered the menu. The drinks my friends, are heavenly. I had a lychee mojito and an apple saketini and practically downed them in one gulp. Filled to the brim, tasteful and beautiful works of art they were. We both ordered a few different items. I got two rolls and some nigiri. I was honestly shocked at the relatively ok speed at which they came out. We received our sushi about a half hour after ordering it. Still not super fast, but well, it's better than not getting it at all. The presentation was decent and the sushi was delicious. My ebi nigiri came with a tempura shrimp in the shape of a bunny. That creeped me out a lot. Please don't do that.In the end, the service is still slow enough and I've had so many bad experiences there, that I would not trust it for lunch. It will never be in my top 5 places to go at any point in time. However, if I end up arriving at Tempe Marketplace 3 hours early for an event, or if someone wants to go to grab a saketini, I will consider it. The only saving grace this establishment has is it's corporate office, a saketini, and decent sushi (once you get it).There are rumors that my picture may be in the back of the restaurant as a warning for when I come in.... hopefully this is not the reason I had a slight improvement in service.
4	Good sushi eeeh nothing to exciting
2	So i've never been here before and wanted to try the sushi.  i got an Omakase deluxe sushi combination, which was one of Kabuki's recommended dishes.  It wuz NOT VERY GOOD!  The spicy tuna roll was extremely sloppy and the fish was not very fresh in any way, shape, or smell.  The next day I ate at Pacific Seafood Buffet and the fish was better there.... and lunch buffet is only $8.39 or so.  I used the yellowtail nigiri from there to compare the fish and I wanna say that the buffet's fish was actually more palatable.   If  that's the fish they're serving, the prices really need to reflect the quality.  This is one of those places that you should probaly only get the rolls at because the sauces and other crap cover up the actual taste of the fish.  I will admit their hot food is pretty good... I'd give that 4 stars...  and it seems they have a very extensive cocktail, sake, and shochu menu.  The service was good, even though we had a 2 year old eating rice and miso with his bare hands (thus throwing rice grains all over the place).Summary:1. crappy nigiri and sashimi2. decent hot foods3. good service for families
4	There is no reason to pay full price for sushi so I always go to the happy hour.  Even for dinner or something, unless someone is truly set on going out for sushi I try for the discounted sushi.I actually prefer Kabuki's sushi then RA, they are bigger pieces and better tasting in my opinion.Recommendation: To anyone that wants a good deal for happy hour and is hungry during an awkward 4 o'clock lunch when your class gets out.
1	The service was not great and my fiance was throwing up the food hours later. Also, we did not get everything we ordered. After we ate, I told the waiter, and instead of taking what we did not get off the bill (like I asked), he said it was ready and went and grabbed it and brought it out (by now we had finished eating and wanted to leave).
3	I've been here for a couple of happy hours.I agree with Charles R - no need to pay full price (especially as the regular prices are a bit hight) and it is better than Ra.Definitely not the best sushi I've had in town, but the drinks are good (cucumber mojito!) and the place is set up well for happy hour groups.The servers I have encountered are all VERY patient with people coming and going within the group and individual checks for everyone.  Knowing what a pain that is, I really appreciate how willingly they do it.For good sushi, I will stick with Yasu or Sakana.  For happy hour, this is a great place - and the Tempe Marketplace location is convenient to several friends.
3	I have been here twice now before movies at the harkins theatre and I would go back again. While this is not the trendiest sushi place, nor the cheapest, but it delivers decent quality seafood and better than average service. If your at tempe marketplace for whatever reason and want to grab a quick healthy bite to eat give this place a shot. Next time im going to try to make it for happy hour as they have good deals then.
4	We live in Arizona. The middle of a desert. So, anyone looking for really fresh, awesome, melt in your mouth sushi... get on a plane and go someplace that is closer to the ocean.Kabuki is pricey but their fish is as fresh as you will get (considering fish has to be flown in and you can't get it right off the boat like you can in Vancouver, Seattle, San Fran, etc) in Phoenix.Happy Hour deals are pretty good. Also, they are located in Tempe Marketplace. There are not that many decent restaurants (only crappy chain restaurants like Ruby Tuesdays, the Keg, etc.) around there. So, after a movie or some easy shopping, Kabuki is a good place to go to have a couple of sake bombs and a few light apps.
2	One word best describes this place: overpriced.I had the miso soup, the Seafood Yaki Soba, mint lemonade, and shrimp tempura, and our table split a Lotus on Fire roll.The Lotus on Fire roll was great.  Spicy and tasty.  Can't complain there.  The mint lemonade was also a nice tasty surprise.There really wasn't much else beyond that.  The Yaki Soba was bland, and the calamari was overcooked and rubbery.  The shrimp tempura was tasteless, and the sauce that came with it had no flavor. And the miso soup was weak.One of my colleagues ordered a plate of pickled veggies (I forgot what the dish was called).  It was mostly a pile of boring dill pickles, and a small spattering of other, more interesting vegetables.  What a ripoff.Our bill?  $25 apiece.  A little ridiculous considering the quality of food.They seem to have a motif at Tempe Marketplace: it fits right in with its neighbors, Lucille's and Maria Maria, with its artsy-fartsy decor and disappointing, overpriced food.
3	Stopped in last night for drinks before seeing Inception. Having never been before, I was impressed by the decor and the swanky looking bar area. My date and I had a seat at the bar and were quickly taking care of. After reading a few of the reviews, I'd definitely want to come back and try HH
3	Stopped by for the first time last night. Our order:**2 spicy tuna hand rolls - uh....NOT how you make hand rolls. the nori is supposed to be crunchy, not soggie....but the spicy tuna was good.**Calamari Rings - VERY GOOD!!**Sashimi Salad - very cheap on the sashimi pieces...**BSCR - Baked Scallops on Cali Roll, what a disappointment, talk about mediocre. I expected the scallops to be at least covered in some kind of sauce but it's just literally ...baked scallops....on a cali roll.........**Sunkissed Roll - flavorless**Smoked Philly roll - don't be tricked...this is just a normal philly roll NOTHING special about it.So....$44/person (i went with 1 other person) afterwards, I was left craving Hana Japanese Eatery over on the west side. Sad.I gave this place 1 star for decor and location...and 2 stars for our awesome waiter Mike who continuously kept my tea hot and my friend's sprite full.
5	the ONLY place for sushi!  Casual and elegant, the eel roll is the bomb!  Great service, get Jaime or Steven to serve you, they are the best.  Great locatino and fun people watching while downing some really fresh treats.
4	We finally came tonight after the husband has been wanting to go FOREVER. I have been here once before but both locations (Tempe and Westgate) always seem impossibly far from our CenPho home. I don't want to work that hard for some sushi and usually only go if in the area. This location is in Tempe Marketplace so you can mix sake bombers with a little blurry retail therapy after. I had joined their Kabuki club and they frequently send me coupons for various occasions (family birthdays, anniversary, monthly specials). The menu is typical of most Japanese spots but there is also a lot of variety. For apps, we had the fried calamari and the garlic edamame. I usually only have regular edamame (which they bring out complimentary) but the garlic ones were addicting...I was literally licking the oil off my fingers and scrounging for the diced garlic in the bowl. I only stopped when the server came by to check. I am such a garlic junkie. I wasn't so much a fan of the thick batter on the calamari but the wasabi sauce it came with was really good. Not very spicy but with a nice kick. I had the Philly roll ($5.25) and the Jumbo Volcano app ($8) that was crab, avocado and spicy tuna baked with a little eel sauce on the top. I would definitely have that again. Unfortunately, I couldn't eat more of the Jumbo Volcano because I gorged myself on the apps. We took the chocolate mousse dessert home (used our complimentary dessert coupon). It had fruit on the side and was filled with white chocolate. I could have eaten that one for days and was foiled when my husband decided to eat half...curses!! Anyways, I like the atmosphere and I think the prices are average. It looks like they also have reverse happy hour which is always a plus in my book!
3	so we wanted sushi and I had been wanting to check this place out, so we left cen pho and headed out to Tempe Market Place. We started out with the garlic edamame and the fried calamari. The edamame were great, but the calamari had waaaay too much batter on them, they were more like the calamari you get at an Italian American place than a japanese restaurant. I ordered this whole meal full of several different types of sashimi and half of a spicy tuna roll. My son ordered a california roll and a few shrimp tempura, wifey had the jumbo volcano and a philly roll. My plate was good, great selection of pretty legit fresh sashimi. My son wasn't a fan of his cali roll. The wife seemed to like the volcano and her roll. Overall, everything was pretty good. It wasn't knock my socks off good and a bit too commercial for my taste. The food was decent. Memorable? nope. Would I go back? If I was invited or with a group than probably, but I'm not sure I'd select it again on a whim. Overall, this place gets a Meh + from me
3	My wife loves good tempura so we went to try this place.  As most other reviewers have said, this place is just so-so.  The prices are higher than most other Japanese restaurants by about 15-20% due to its location and ambiance.  The tempura was mediocre at best.  I had the luncheon tonkatsu which was good, but not outstanding.  At least it wasn't too thin or overcooked.  I also noticed that they had toro on the menu so I ordered a sashimi side order for $24.  I must admit, the toro was good and they gave me a pretty presentation with an ample serving for the price.  Toro is always very expensive so I was not surprised or disappointed.  We also ordered a couple of side orders of ala carte nigiri sushi just to try -- again, OK, but not outstanding.  I also ordered a large Asahi beer @ $7.50 each; a little high by Phoenix standards.  In summary, the food was OK, but nothing that would support my going back and paying the higher prices.  The service staff is friendly, but not well versed in Japanese food fare and this makes for unknowledgeable people who cannot answer questions about the food and its preparation.  I guess they are trying to cater to the Americans and not placing much emphasis on the authenticity of the food they are serving.  Our lunch bill for two came to $70, which is high for lunch by any standard.  But the manager never came over to ask how we liked our meal or what we thought, or anything like that.  Don't get me wrong -- I don't expect special treatment, but my experience is that if you have a patron that spends a lot of money at your restaurant, you should always go say something to make them feel comfortable and increase the chances that they will come back.
3	Yelpers prove to be right yet again with the average 3 stars on this one... I was craving sushi and had a hot date with my sister-in-law last night to do dinner and a movie... It just so happened that Eat Pray Love was playing at the Tempe Marketplace Harkins Theater, so we decided to meet at Kabuki before the movie.  I walked in first and asked how long the wait was for two... I as told 10 or 15 minutes.  Not so bad... so I decided to wait.  I walked outside and met up with my Alexa and we came back in about ten minutes later... As we did so, two other women came in and I saw that they were seated right away.  I looked at Alexa, looked up at the hostess stand, was thinking (WTF), and then went and asked nicely where we were on the list.  "There are two tables before you," I was told.  "It will likely be another ten minutes or so." At that, I responded, "is there another option, perhaps sushi bar, that I don't know about?"And alas, there sure was... (they neglected to give me that option when I originally checked-in).  We were seated at the sushi bar at that moment and went on to have a very underwhelming meal.  Here's why:-While the large portion cucumber salads we ordered were extremely tasty, the cucumbers were cut lengthwise in such a way that it was difficult to eat.  I prefer cucumbers diced in smaller pieces so they are easier to eat!-Service - our waiter wasn't the friendliest... I felt kind of rushed by him when we were there.  Additionally, since we were seated in the middle of the sushi bar, all of the wait staff would reach over us to pick up the sushi for their tables, which was very distracting while we were eating!  Perhaps they could've moved the sushi ready for pick-up to the side of the sushi bar to avoid distracting guests in the future?-The sushi itself was good; not amazing.  We had a Sunset roll, a Lotus roll, a Large roll, and an order of Ikura.  I didn't realize the Lotus roll was going to have a ton of mayo along with the baked Lobster that came on top of it... it was a bit on the creamy side for my liking.-To top things off, when the bill came, they overcharged us... a simple mistake, but given our experience, it was just one more negative thing... and then when I pointed it out, I barely got an apology at all.With so many other restaurants to choose from in the Tempe Marketplace, I am not sure I'll return to Kabuki.  If I do, however, I will wait for a regular table!
1	I've been to other Kabukis in town. The locations in Glendale and Peoria are all pretty much the same. They're nice inside but there's nothing special the chain. The presentation is always nice, the food is always decent and the service is always just so-so.Kabuki isn't a place I go to regularly, its a place I go to if it's convenient.I have only been to the Tempe location this one time, and while I normally would not review a place where I only ordered a drink, I feel compelled to review my experience here.I met up with some friends here the other night to get a drink before going to see Eat, Pray, Love.I walked in the door and was completely ignored by the host. I walked into the bar where my friends were and ordered a drink. The bartender was completely unfriendly. The only words he said to me was "Here you go" when he handed me my drink. That's it. He didn't even ask to take my order, he just walked up to us and stood there until I placed my drink order. A few minutes after he brought me my drink he brought out my friend's sushi roll and walked away. Just the roll. No soy sauce dish,  no wasabi, no ginger. He never came back except to drop off the bill. We paid and left.
4	Kabuki never disappoints. I wish I still lived in AZ so I could go back but then again that could be a bad thing.Their Lotus on Fire Roll is my absolute favorite and the flavor is right and fresh is fish. Service has been ok-nothing horrible but nothing memorable. I like this place for the location as well since it's in the middle of the Marketplace so you can get fro yo after, sit in the chairs right outside and lounge or shop.
4	I am surprised to see the average for this place is only 3 stars. As a frequenter of many tempe sushi establishments, I think kabuki is a great spot for Japanese food. We went during happy hour with a group of 7, and even though nobody was drinking alcohol, we recieved excellent and fast service. Their happy hour is fantastic; they have really affordable appetizer and sushi rolls from 3-6, as well as drink specials (obviously). I also like that they have a vast menu, so even people who are not comfortable with sushi can still find something they will enjoy. For those who ARE comfortable with the raw, I like trying something new each time I go, and I haven't been disappointed yet. I also really like that they give you free edamame to start with - many places charge for it, although only a few dollars. ***If you save room for dessert, be sure to try the Tempura Banana....omg. It's like heaven in your mouth! I would return for that alone. If Tempura Banana is available as a dessert option I almost always go for it, but this one is the best I've had anywhere. Overall, I think Kabuki has a wonderful menu and great service. If you're in the tempe area, it's worth trying out!  Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because it's pretty corporate/chain-y, and not as "unique" as some other places. But if you're new to the Japanese food scene, it's a safe (and delicious) bet!
4	Kabuki is fantastic. On the levels of quality and price you're getting an absolute steal. I'm not really an authority on sushi but I have a passion for its aesthetics and preparation as well as Japanese cuisine in general. From what I've had here, I can say that Kabuki is an incredibly decent establishment that far surpasses a two to three star rating. I only give it four because a 5 star rating would indicate something completely without flaws (which I will get into).First off, you can eat like KINGS during the happy hours. Reverse happy hour is a better because you can basically buy one cheap roll ($4) and get one for $1. 6-8$ appetizers (yummy and hearty proportions) and voila, get one for $1. I highly recommend the calamari appetizer!The sushi is delicious. Preparation and presentation are top-notch (especially for the price you're getting it at) You have beautiful surroundings, GREAT and FRIENDLY service, and artfully crafted sushi served with all the fixings you could ever want.The desserts are delicious (I recommend the green tea ice cream) and very reasonably priced. The membership plan is genius. Service is never lacking and even in rush hours I get fantastic, friendly, and knowledgeable service.The only problems I see with this place would perhaps be that, while (most) sushi is delicious, cheap, and prepared quickly, sometimes certain rolls can be hit or miss. A small flaw, but one that should be mentioned.  Everyone has different tastes but I've had sushi here (and I really love food from all over) that just didn't click with me for reasons ranging from texture to overall taste. Again, you can't love everything from any one place so my advice to really get what you know what you'll love. Being adventurous with sushi in general is risky business.To add, Japanese cuisine and sushi isn't for everyone. I can see from a lot of these reviews that people are giving Kabuki low ratings because this is their first time eating sushi and are unfamiliar with the motions of Japanese cuisine in all. I say to disregard reviews like that because it really involves a mature and open-minded range of taste and acceptance to truly appreciate sushi. Yes, it's probably not the best sushi out there but it's better than average and definitely not "bad". Kabuki is fantastic in my book and in a one month period of living in Scottsdale, I've eaten there four glorious times.
4	Good sushi and the happy hour prices are fantastic. Try the saki sangria!
4	I certainly do not consider myself an authority on the topic of sushi, but I've had my fair share of it.  From my experiences, I consider Kabuki to be one of the best for the money.First of all, if you spend any time at all in Tempe, you know that Kabuki is ideally located within the Tempe Marketplace. Near the 101, near the 202, next to a Harkins theatre, can't beat that.  More importantly, though, once you're inside Kabuki, the service is friendly and helpful, and the food is consistently good.  Both times I've been to Kabuki, I was there with large groups.  So, with that many people at our table, I think it's that much more impressive that they maintained their good service.  I specifically remember having the Lotus Roll on one of my visits and loving it - check it out!
2	Maybe i just got unlucky, but my stomach has been unhappy since I had lunch here (and my roommate didn't fare so well either).We had the happy boat (oh the irony!) which was ok, nothing special. The chicken teriyaki in it was pretty weird, we couldn't pinpoint what it was, but there was definitely something off about it.Service was very friendly, though they didn't ever check on us. The place is nice, and the food tasted fine, but it's a little expensive for lunch and.. i cannot deny an angry tummy
3	Today was my 4th time going to Kabucki.  I have to say I have been quite happy with each time I have gone.  The food is good, the fish is fresh and the service is on point.I have only sat at a table once.  The main dining room, has a Japanese Modern feel, but slightly lacking.  However, being in a mainly target demo of College students, I wouldn't spend too much money here as well.Sushi bar - Excellent, this is were Matthew and I generally sit.  I have still been finishing a really boring no carb thing.  Great selections here and oddly good salmon and yellow tail.  I did try a new item on the app menu today.  Grilled calamari - eh :(  I don't recommend.  Rewards - They have a sign up membership.  I actually is worth it, If you happen to like sushi and like Kabuki.  We signed up and got our money's worth.  Seems like your eyes are always bigger than your stomach with sushi, so any money saved is a plus!Also Sports fans,  there is a TV at the end of the sushi bar in addition to the bar.
3	Solid restaurant :)Good service, nice location, food is tasty & nicely presented. I had a Paradise roll & an order of Edamame & I was stuffed!
3	Good lunch specials.  For around $10 or less, you can choose from various lunch combos which include soup, salad, and rice.  I had the ninja lunch combo which included teriyaki chicken, 3 pieces of California roll, one piece of shrimp tempura and various vegetable tempuras.  With the combo there is more than enough food and chances are you will probably have leftovers.  The meal itself was decent.  The tempura batter was not as crunchy as I would have liked it, but the shrimp and vegetables are fresh and flavorful.  The teriyaki sauce on the chicken was nice- not too salty or sweet.  If I am in the area again I'd like to come here to try their happy hour or reverse happy hour.
4	love this place.  nothing really bad from and angle...good sushi, good prices, good service.  teh pitchers of beer are pricey though.eel and avocada roll is the best around...and the lobter roll is to die for.  am here at least 2X per month... good value on their loyalty card too.  double points on monday and tuesday, so after spending $250 on those days, you get $25.  sweet!
4	About their Dragon Roll: They use a very large unagi filet. Largest dragon roll I've ever seen. Very satisfying and so worth the $14 if you like eel.
5	Anyone who doesn't like this place is an idiot. Even some of the sushi snobs I know love this place.
2	I'd probably give a place like this more points if they weren't so damn over priced and had a bit better execution. A fairly small tuna poke appetizer and 2 not that special rolls for over $30 without drinks really?The poke was ok but not anything like a traditional poke and for some reason they add what seems to be spicy tuna sauce to the tuna first which i don't get and made it a bit too spicy for Sharon H. without mixing it with the rest of the dish. I liked it overall but not as poke which is a very specific taste to me this seemed to lack. The Sunkissed roll was a good idea but needs better execution. I want avocado and salmon with each bite not on alternating pieces. Oh and premium avocado has good flavor and isn't bland. I did like the special sauce. A little less onion or maybe not raw onion might help too.The anago tempura roll just misses the mark for me and was over priced for what it was as it was tempura eel with cucumber, mint and fried garlic. at $11 most places have an eel and cucmber roll for $5 and the little slivers of garlic and sprig of mint aren't worth an extra $6. Plus the thing was just too many conflicting flavors and the garlic was over cooked to being so hard it was like biting a piece of rock it actually hurt a bit and didn't feel natural.To top this all off i just didn't feel the fish quality was up to par. The salmon especially didn't have the normal taste. I will give sushi places a pass when its cheap and not that high quality but when it's expensive and lacking its a problem. The salmon had a fishy taste and didn't have that normal salmon flavor which stood out the most.
3	Yes, this restaurant is beautiful and the wait staff was spot on but as some previous reviews mentioned, this place will give you some serious sticker shock. You are definitely paying for the atmosphere here. The food, well, it was good but did not blow me away. One standout however was a roll they call a "large Roll" shrimp, avocado, egg & vegetables. It was not a roll I would have ever ordered but my dinner guest thought it sounded good and to my surprise it was and at $4.95 was reasonable.
3	Nice decor, and atmosphere.  The food looked really great, the taste was good.  Its kinda pricey though, but a nice place overall.  Had a really nice dinner.
4	All in all, this is one of my fave spots to go for sushi here in the valley, mostly because of the japanese soda's, Most other places don't have them which sux!  service here is always great, fast seating times even with larger groups.  Sushi is good as well.  No complaints
2	Not my ball of seaweed. Yep, chain, went in with lowered expectations. Tried to adjust the bar accordingly knowing it wouldn't be as cheap as some of my favorites or as innovative as the more expensive places. But I still wanted a mediocre experience and a decent happy hour.I was underwhelmed even for expecting mediocre. Though the ingredients themselves tasted ok, the sushi was not wrapped well. Falling apart at the touch, it left us with sloppy soy solution invaded by floating what-nots that spilled off the tops and insides of our rolls. Not to toot my horn, but I'm no chop-stick novice, this wasn't a lack of form on my part. Overkill on the mayo and underkill on the take-away impression.Would I ever go back? Sure. If a coworker schedules a happy hour here, if an acquaintance to whom it would be inappropriate to warn against choosing such a place plans a birthday party here, I'll go.
2	My friends kept raving about Kabuki, so I thought I'd give them a chance, despite its mixed reviews.After spending 104 bucks on 7 or so different rolls/drinks/beer/sake...I found their sushi to be sub par. It's like going to TGI Friday's and thinking "Man, I really want steak...I am going to a steak house...called...TGI Friday's!" - Kabuki is a chain. So, in other words - Not the best.I really desperately tried to give them a chance, hence the mass amounts of sushi ordered. I thought "Maybe it was just THIS roll...okay maybe this NEXT roll will be good." Not so much.The quality of ingredients were poor, as was the preparation. Gotta say the drinks were pretty fabulous though.Drinks - A +Firecracker Appetizer - B-Ambiance - BSushi - D -Server - C +2 starsIf you are a sushi lover, PASS. If you aren't too familiar with sushi and haven't yet raised the bar - Go for it...but don't say you weren't warned.
4	I've been here a few times with family and friends and have enjoyed the dining experience each time.  Plenty of free parking since it's located within the Tempe Marketplace.  (It's right across the Barnes and Noble Bookstore.)  The most we've had to wait for a table (even on busy Friday and Saturday nights) was 30 minutes.  Even though it was a turnoff when I once overheard waiters discussing the amount of tips they hope to receive from customers, service was professional and efficient overall. 1)  Sea urchin sushi, aka Uni ($7.50 for two pieces) - I've had it twice at Kabuki and both times, the Uni has tasted fresh!  Uni is definitely an acquired taste, but man, is it good!  It's an explosion of flavors and textures... at first light and creamy, then sweet, and then briny.  I love having Uni with sake or their lychee martinis ($8.95).2) Dragon Specialty Roll ($12.95 lunch / $14.95 dinner) - This is my favorite roll at Kabuki.  They are very generous with the eel pieces.  The roll is shaped like a "dragon" and the eel is so delicate it practically melted in my mouth! 3) Paradise Specialty Roll ($10.95 lunch / $12.95 dinner) - This roll is very pretty to look at, and even more delicious to eat!  The roll contains a mix of mango, smoked salmon, cream cheese, and a few other items within the roll.   4) Dynamite ($8.95) - Baked clam, scallop, mushrooms and other veggies in a mayo sauce.  The dynamite served here is just ok.  It was a bit on the salty side and I even tasted a hint of curry powder.  5) Seafood Yaki Soba ($9.95 / lunch) -Soba noodles stir-fried with shrimp/scallop/calamari & veggies in a brown sauce.  The dish had good flavor and the portion was generously sized.
4	Not as good as the one in Los Angeles. It's pricey but expected in a place like this. Unfortunately this is the second time I've had bad service even before the other half of our six member party showed up. Just didn't feel it was worth the 18% gratuity they added on. I'll stick to Happy Hour.
4	My husband and I are currently looking for a favorite sushi joint, so we decided to try this place after looking up reviews here on Yelp!I was digging the contemporary Japanese look! The lighting was very nice and ambient. We were seated very quickly, even during Happy Hour. Could be because there were only two of us and it was a Monday.I ordered a peach kiwi-flavored Calpico soda ($2.50), which our waitress thought they were sold out of, but they actually weren't. It came with little bits of kiwi, which I thought was neat!I ordered the Alaskan Roll ($6.95 during Happy Hour), since the Rainbow Roll wasn't a part of the Happy Hour menu. That's okay because it was AMAZING! I don't know what sauce the roll was topped with, but it was very good.  The salmon was cooked to perfection and the eel sauce complimented the roll perfectly. Looks like I've found another favorite roll!My husband ordered the Gold Rush Roll ($5.95 during Happy Hour) and he said that he loved it. We decided to order a third roll that we could both share, so we chose the Las Vegas Roll ($6.95 during Happy Hour). I've never had a roll with cream cheese in it, but it was very good. It left a sort of cheesy aftertaste, but that's probably not the chef's fault at all.Only bad thing of the whole experience was the service. Our waitress took a very long time to get us our food, longer than a couple folks who came in after us. She also only checked on us a single time (when we were already 99% done with our food), and took a while to get us our bill when we were completely done. Excellent stuff, despite the sub par service. Maybe the waitress was just having a bad day, who knows. We will definitely be coming back, but really only for Happy Hour since we can hardly afford the normal prices.
4	The K.I.S.S. Review:Pros:-good quality grade SUSHI, the truest I've tasted in all the valley-portion size-good variety in happy hour & reverse happy hour menu-good ambiance and social scene-good locationCons:-poor replicas of some "Asian" dishes (evident in the tonkatsu and Korean Kalbi)-price vs valueIf you've heard that this place is expensive, you heard right. HOWEVER, you just need to know what to order and decide if it's worth it. My favorite rolls that I'm always willing to pay top dollar for are:Lotus on Fire rollLotus rollVolcanoI'm accustomed to sushi in HAWAII, and I've got to say their spicy tuna is on pay with the island. That being said, those are probably the only items on the menu that I splurge on, hence why those are the ONLY things I get when I go there. Soo yummy. Happy hour is the bomb.
4	So glad we gave this place a shot. Atmosphere was just what we were looking for.... nice atmosphere, busy and filled with  a variety of people and age groups and played good music as well. Place is pretty nice inside as well (and the fire pit /waterfall doohickey, they have outside is perfect to sit in front of if you have to wait for a table).  Everything we had was really good, no complaints at all about the food( did not do much sushi so i cannot disagree or agree with other people comments about it) but...  calamari and edamame were delic.side note: one thing that bugged this shit out of me, is out waitress was reeeallly slllooww. we ordered drinks and our apps at the same time and apps came out before our drinks even did( she meant well, she just seemed somewhat as if she kept forgetting she was at work or something) got the Sake sampler which was good and a few other rounds of sake followed, all were mucho tasty.  We ordered the "dreamboat" and apparently when they make this they can only do it is you place two orders of it. The thing is fricken huge...seriously i felt guilty with all that food in front of me..but it was delic and had two big boxes of crap to take home as well. i recommend trying this place out(if you get the slow chick, just boss her around.. she seems to respond to it really well.)
5	okay i have been here three times now and i have to change my rating for 4 to 5 stars. This place has become one of my all time fav's... i just love everything about it.. the ambiance, variety and presentation of food, service(much better since 1st chick i had) ..errythang !! :)* two thumbs up like Ebert And Roeper**
3	When i first went to Kabuki in 2009, they made the most delicious, tasty, flavorful cha-siu ramen i've probably ever had in my life... I am a huge ramen-lover and try it whenever I can wherever I can so I consider myself fairly well-versed in the ramen-tasting world. However, it's been a long while since they've watered down the recipe (literally).  I've asked for them to thicken the broth several times and wind up with half-the amount of soup that would normally be served or the same watered down version.  I've gone back several times in hope that these were just flukes but no....  This was just sad and disappointing.  For what would have been a really nice restaurant this just left me feeling cheated.  The rest of the menu is pretty decent for a somewhat americanized sushi restaurant.  I must admit, their happy hour has very good prices for their sushi.  Their alcoholic beverages are not bad either,  the shochu that i've tried is quite good!  If you've ever had shochu in Japan, you know how incredibly amazing the drinks are and although this is definitely not at the same level, it is the closest I've found in the states.
5	Spicy Seafood Pasta, yummy but spicy for me. Try it, you'll love this place. all fish served fresh than any other place. Manager is friendly and humble.
2	I LOVE sushi...and if I could eat this for every meal, I would! I usually go to the same places...but I decided to try some place new. Since I have heard great things about this place and I am in the area everyday, I decided to try Kabuki one day for lunch at the Tempe Marketpalce. I had been to their other location in Glendale before, and it was horrible service and their rolls fell apart with one touch. I give second chances though. So I ordered a couple different speciality roles that I have never had before at other sushi resturants. When my rolls came, I experienced the same thing I did at the other location...every roll I picked up fell apart! You can't eat sushi rolls when they fall apart as you try and put it in your mouth. Your plate is left with all the droppings and it really just takes the fun out of eating it. The service was ok, nothing special. They do have a rewards club called the Red Mask club where you earn points for every dollar you spent. I happened to go during a double point time so I earned more points for dining that day....but I highly doubt I will be back anytime soon to see the benefits of these points. I will stick with what I know until something else comes up!
3	So we came here on a Saturday night at 8ish for dinner before a movie. Hostess told us 20-30 minutes....ended up being over an hour. We wouldn't have waited except there was live music outside and we had a spot near a fireplace. Our server, Dillon, was really nice. Made a point to find out if we were waiting long, even though it wasn't his fault...place was busy. Food is okay... Tempura - standard, poke was pretty good. I think they topped the shishito peppers with bonito flakes, which I didn't like too much. Rolls were ok. I really like spicy tuna rolls, so if a place doesn't get that right, it's all downhill for me. Not likely to go just for kabuki, but if I happen to be at Tempe marketplace, and I want sushi... Guess I don't have a choice
4	Really like this place.  Their happy hour is great to hit if you are looking for a snack and a few drinks before dinner.  You cannot go wrong with their apple saketini and the sake sangria is fabulous... Good thing you can't order it by the pitcher!  ;)We started off with the king crab appetizer and a cold beef tenderloin that had a killer spicy ponzu sauce -- awesome presentation and both very impressive!I am more of a sushi person but my boyfriend likes meat so we usually end up ordering a couple of rolls and the hibachi beef/chicken plate.  Last time I had the lobster roll and it was clean/decadent.  We also had the lotus on fire roll and it was HOT... they do warn you of this though! The hibachi is great but the way they bring it out is disappointing... traditionally you have appetizers, soup, salad... thennnnn you have the hibachi... the hibachi made it out before the salad about a minute after the soup.  I could look over this one time but it has happened every time that we have ordered the hibachi along with our sushi.  All in all I would recommend this place if you are going for sushi and having a good time in a cool atmosphere!  May want to give waiter a heads up if you order the hibachi though!!!
2	the sushi was so-so, but the service was slow and the prices were bad. they also were out of soy paper the day i was there which was a let down. there are plenty of other delicious sushi/japanese places in the valley. really no need to go here. also, they serve their edamame cold.
3	I really like Kabuki because they give you the option of getting brown rice sushi! We have eaten in and gotten take out quite a few times and the service has always been great. It can get a little busy on the weekends but it's a nice date night atmosphere.
3	I went here tonight with a few friends to celebrate our finishing a final. We went for the reverse happy hour and it was alright... not the best, but ok. I got a couple creamy peach saketini that were on 'special' for 6.25. Still pretty steep for the drink. It was tasty, I just thought it was overpriced. I also got the gyoza (on special for 5$) and a house salad. The gyoza were pretty good, I liked the sauce that was on them. The salad was fine... It was just a romaine mix, probably from a bag, with a ginger dressing. I liked the ginger dressing, but it was kind of only on the top of the salad. Overall, it was just ok. The service was also alright, some people didn't get their food when they should have (they forgot someone's dish AND brought out the wrong rice, she ordered chicken teriyaki and said it tasted like the sauce was out of a bottle AND I thought it was ridiculous that they charged like 12$ and gave you dark meat... really? That is insanity. +2$ for white meat.) The prices here were just laughable, if I had gotten a real meal it would have cost at least 10$ but i'd say the average for non sushi was 15$....not worth it.  I would definitely not come back here if it weren't happy hour.
4	Just loved this place. Awesome date environment, even though I was with the family on this occasion. They really make the experience memorable for sure.The hostess was ok - not overly friendly but helpful.Our server did a good job checking on us from time to time - it didn't seem too frequent.The food? Amazing! We had the HH California Roll and Shrimp Tempura Roll. VERY delish, exactly what sushi should taste like.I even started getting the hang of chopsticks - think of that.
4	Me and my crew were hitting the late night showing of the Hangover tonight and we decided to grab dinner at Kabuki, which was a very good choice. Our group of 7 was seated near the sushi bar and our server quickly took our drink order and came back and took our app and meal orders. I had the california roll (crazy I know) and the mixed tempura appetizer, both of which were really good and not expensive at all (the food alone was ~$11). Add a drink and the tip and tax for a large group and it turned out to be a little pricy of a meal, but the restaurant has a really cool vibe and it was definitely an enjoyable experience.
2	Very disappointed . A nice environment wasted and not represented well. Our 15min wait turned into 30 and that was just the beginning to a not so great experience.I've had horrible service the last two visits I've made to this location. The service was extremely slow, and we were forgot about when sitting at the Sushi Bar. So my suggestion would be to sit at an actual table, so you're not disregarded. The sushi was good but wouldn't say it was great for the money spent. A lil bland and the pieces were few. I've been to a good amount of sushi spots in the valley both 'commercial' and divey locations and this really missed the target all together on customer service and presentation. I will not be going back.
5	Great place for a light lunch... Fresh Sushi and great service...
4	I thought "Corporate Sushi" no fucking way!! I have been a fan of Blue Wasabi and RA was a go to for me. I love Sashimi and eat it about twice a month. So my friend and I decided to try Kabuki as an option to the latter. When we walked in my first impression was this place was alot more open, brighter and better decorated than RA and BW. It had no smell which is a great sign.  I went out of my usual realm of Hamachi Sashimi and Uni. I actually ordered an entree for the first time at a sushi joint. I want to tell you that what I had was a 5 star dish. I am a Sucker for chilean sea bass. It's buttery, flaky, holds flavor well and tastes absolutely deliciuos. This place did not fail to impress. I loved the freshness. It was cooked PERFECT and the sauce was out of this world. One of the best Sea Bass dishes I have ever had and I have eaten this dish all over the country! If you love Chilean Sea Bass do not pass this up. It is my guarentee you will be shocked that a corporation could create such a flavourfull dish!!
3	We went here on a whim for quick date night dinner. I have to admit we were a little leery as always with trying a new place but turned out to be a great choice. The soup & salad were great to start with & our dinner came out in perfect timing and was just as delicious. We would definitely eat here again if in the area.
5	Best sushi in Tempe, great japanese dishes as well. The prices are remarkably fare for the quality. They are also nearby so I don't have to drive far for good food. If you have a big party, or just a starving group, you HAVE to have the Love Boat! A wooden boat with everything great from the menu neatly and gratuitously piled on. (How do you say "Bon Appetite" in Japanese? Best I can manage is "Allez cuisine" from Iron Chef but ironically that is still French. LOL)But let's face it, there are two things on the menu that keep my wife and I coming here: The Gold Rush Roll (tempura fried California Roll with Eel Sauce! -- You know, just take possibly the healthiest thing on the menu and DEEP FRY IT!) and the Tempura-fried Green Tea Ice Cream. (See a pattern here?)It's all good and if you can catch a happy hour you will save even more cash. A word of warning though, this place is ALWAYS busy. Hmmmm... can't imagine why.
4	This place has huge, delicious rolls for the price with quality maintained. There is also a plethora of options/specialty rolls (my absolute favorite being the Sunkissed roll) that don't all contain cream cheese and tempura like most other sushi places. You also have the option to sub in brown rice, which is nice when I'm in the mood for that. Edamame also always comes free with sushi, yum!I signed up for their loyalty card so basically every $500 you spend, you get a $25 gift certificate (can't use it during happy hour).This is one of my favorite places for sushi. I can't say much for the regular menu having only eating an actual dinner entree once (which was still delicious).Only problems I have with this place is that it's always FREEZING inside and, while they have HH and reverse HH, almost non of the rolls I want to eat are listed.
3	So I went there again (I was going to see Harry Potter okay!?) and the Yellowtail Sashimi was great as well as a simple, but tasty, Caterpillar Roll.How can it be so awful one day, and decent the next? Perhaps it's the people actually preparing the food! Taste what comes out of the kitchen if you own this place...fire the people who can't hack it.Also, once again - The servers were dicks.I notice MANY of the people that love this place are into the "fried" this and the "tempura" that, or worse yet...Teriyaki Chicken. Word to the wise, if you want a Traditional Sushi experience i.e. - Raw Fish --- this might not be your best bet.
4	I love coming here for sushi, I like the location, however the noise and inefficiency of some of the staff can be a little tedious. But not so much that I'll never go back.
4	I randomly ended up here the other night with a friend to get our sushi fix (you sushi junkies know how serious those withdrawals are).  I ordered the Sunkissed Roll and it was pretty good.  I really like that the Edamame is free with your food instead of being $2 or some other measly charge that's more of an annoyance than anything just because you have to physically order it.  So that was a plus.  Service was very good also.  Our waitress was constantly checking with us to make sure our water was filled and see if we needed anything else.
1	Meh... I am not a fan. I went here for happy hour one time, and I was beyond disappointed. They must've had their D list chefs working... Cuz my food was GROSS. I couldn't even finish it. Kinda sucks spending that much money on nasty sushi.
4	Been here a few times, had their boat, presentation was awesome and had plenty of food.Been here for the sushi obviously, its a little spendy, but the location is really convenient, i have heard a few negative things about their sushi, but i always leave with a smile on my face afterwards.The service is par as you would expect. I'd give it a 3.8 if there was that rating, why, because of the price to service ratio, but i'll give it a 4 because i really enjoyed my sashimi last time.
4	This is by far my favorite sushi restaurant I've been to yet. I'm sure there are considerably better places in the area, but I have yet to go there. The happy hour, however, is relatively non-existent. I strive for happy hours with sushi discounts, and sadly this is not one of those places. The drink specials on happy hour are pretty non-existent as well, so for me, the food better be damn good if I'm going to go there. I'm OBSESSED with the Lotus Roll. It's 6 California Rolls arranged in a star pattern topped with baked lobster and smelt roe. Seriously incredible. I would recommend it to anyone who likes lobster. This is also the roll that introduced me to roe and I haven't been able to get enough of it since. This roll is particularly good with roe because the baked lobster is hot and warms up the roe so it's not so cold which can make it taste fishy. If you don't know what roe is, it's fish eggs. It sounds weird, I know. But please do not not get a roll because of it! The sushi chefs at Kabuki really know how to use it artfully.
4	My girlfriend and i went here three times in two weeks and were never disappointed.  The service was great and the sushi is well priced and excellent.  Their baja roll is amazing and the ambiance reminds me of a vegas style restaurant.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good sushi at a good price.  Will definitely be back there.
4	This is definitely one of the best places to get sushi in Tempe. Unfortunately Tempe doesn't have as many options as Scottsdale does. I would definitely head to Old Town Scottsdale or North Scottsdale where I think the sushi is better for the price. Kabuki is pretty expensive, but I would guess it has to be based on it's prime location at Tempe Marketplace. The service is great and the selection of food outside of sushi is large as well. They definitely cater to a variety of tastes so if you aren't in the mood for sushi you can still find great food to satisfy you. If you're in the area or shopping at Tempe Marketplace I highly recommend Kabuki.
4	Lunch: Teriyaki Salmon & Chicken Teriyaki.  Usually I don't enjoy teriyaki very much due to its sweet flavor, and I was really planning on eating sushi, but changed my mind at the last minute.  I don't regret it!  The teriyaki flavor wasn't too sweet and the chicken was very tasty.  The miso soup, rice and salad were also very good.  The company was even better!
5	Kabuki is my favorite sushi restaurant. The restaurant is nice, clean and lively. Happy hour is very reasonable to go for the rolls and drink specials, although regular menu prices aren't overpriced. I love getting their Dynamite roll and their Philly roll. I've even taken friends here that don't like sushi and they are able to find something to eat here. The chicken teriyaki is also delicious for those who don't enjoy sushi.I would definitely recommend for sushi and an overall nice meal. I live very close to this place and love their sushi so I will keep coming back!!
3	Well now, Kabuki. You just got better!I've eaten at Kabuki probably about 4 or 5 times.  Usually I order some sort of Happy Hour sushi and a couple Saporos cuz that's how I roll.  This time, it wasn't HH, so I ventured to the lunch menu.  If you know me at all from Yelp, then you know I quest for two things. Nachos and ramen.  This place had ramen. I got it.Funny thing is, the waiter kept trying to get me to change my mind.  It was odd. "Sir, you know this is a soup. Not many people realize that"... "I'll put in your order, but let me know if you change your mind"... "Not many people like the flavor of the broth, do you want me to bring you our 7 spice to add to it?"... I was scared to eat it before I even saw it!!!Needless to say, when it came, I taste tested with him standing there and he seemed surprised that I thought it was tasty. Don't doubt a true ramen fan, sir. Do not! Anywho... Melissa got the teriyaki chicken, and I nibbled a little off of it (it was good)...a 3-star performance, but a 4-star ramen dish. I DO wish I could get my hands on some of that 7 spice though. It was awesome!!!!
2	I really wish I could give this place a better review based on the fact that it looks cool.However, our visit for my brother's birthday left much to be desired.First, it's no big deal to have to wait. Even on a Thursday night we understand a large party of 5 couples and some kids will have to wait a bit. That didn't bother me but waiting for a table that could comfortably fit 10 with chairs on the corners is kinda sad. The dining room was half empty. There were empty tables all around us and no other large parties. After trying to fit into the table(with one chair short) and realizing our elbows were in each other's sides only sitting there, I asked the host if there was any possible way to add a table. She came over and added one, not sure why they couldn't just do this to begin with but I give them the benefit of the doubt.The food was good, not the best I've tasted and definitely a bit pricey but the Poke Tuna I got was fresh, it was drowning in a pool of some sort of sauce was strange but helped cut the spicy so I liked it. My husband enjoyed his Ramen, the broth was very good actually. Everyone else seemed to like their meals, despite the fact that the server felt the need to explain everything as if they might change their minds. This also happened when we ordered coffee, it was as if she thought if we knew it was a french press we wouldn't want it. Because of this it did take a very long time for us to get it. When I was brought mine she told me she would have to come back in a minute to press it down for me since it wasn't ready yet. After a few minutes and no sign of her I did it myself and had to tell her when she did come over and apologize that I was familiar with french press coffee and could handle it. The overall dinner service definitely dragged.The most awkward part of the night came at the end when we were waiting for our checks after explaining we really truly didn't need dessert.(They brought ice cream with a candle for my 26 yr old brother anyway). A large group was seated near us and it seemed they had the same dilemma of too many people for too small of a table. They stood there very near us as a host and server gestured at our table and after a couple minutes walked them back to the front. A few minutes later(while we were still waiting on checks, nothing we could do to try to give up our table and believe me too many of us have worked in the service industry to be table hogs), they were brought back in and shown that the host had set up another table for 6 right next to the original table they were given. More gesturing and stink eyes shot in our direction, then the party went back out front and their original table was expanded to be longer. I'm not sure what the deal is with this place but large parties really shouldn't be that hard to figure out. Especially on a slow Thursday night. We may try this place again for Happy Hour sushi but this trip just didn't do much for me considering we spend $40 without any sushi or alcoholic drinks. I wouldn't recommend this place for a large party unless you really enjoy sitting on each others laps and having the pace of meal drag because your sole server is obviously overwhelmed not to mention doesn't have much faith in the product.
4	A group of girls and I went there last night just for drinks, so this is a review of the bar only.Our drinks were great. the male bartender, Jimmy, was very helpful w/ our indecisiveness and very nice. The girl bartender that was working was much less than that. Someone would be asking her a question and she would walk away mid sentence to do something else at the bar. Id go back, but avoid that bartender.
4	Great sushi, the best California roll I've ever had. Too bad the service made us wait for 30 minutes for our check. It really wasn't even busy. But the waiters was lively and made it up to us with drinks to go and free desert. We'll be back
4	This is our groups second time and it has been a pleasure again. The waitress was great and the food was amazing as per usual. This is our work place hang out we come in and eat hang out and always have a great time. The place is busy in the evening but we were always visited by our waitress or someone from the staff. Only problem tonight was my friends couldn't get any sake because one of my co-workers ID was a verticle one and apparently they couldn't accept it. So we skipped the drinks altogether. Other than that it was a great night.
2	Sushi was so-so, the wine list wasn't anything to make me want to go back.  They seemed to have a lot of interesting looking cocktails but I prefer wine with my sushi.  We weren't in a rush so I can't really comment of the sense of urgency for the service staff.  He seemed to be around when we needed him so that's a plus right there. The restaurant itself was clean and in good shape.  I just wasn't impressed with the sushi and the rolls at all.
4	I am writing this review solely based on the real sushi. I don't know about the stuff that gets filled with cream cheese and deep fried or other cooked stuff, all I care about when I go to a sushi place is the quality and freshness of the fish, and this place was great.I ordered:Salmon sashimi (the portion size was larger than expected)MasagoTobiko (they only have wasabi tobiko)Salmon nigiriHamachi Toro UniSpider RollSpicy Tuna (it was happy hour and ended up taking it back to the hotel for breakfast the next day - yum!)Everything came out larger than I expected and super-fresh. With uni, the freshness is important, and it was great).Places like these make me lament living on the east coast since we don't have as much access to the same freshness and qualify of the pacific species of fish. The prices were reasonable and with happy hour got a 16 oz Sapporo for $5 and free edamame, 1/2 price salmon nigiri and the spicy tuna roll for less than $3. This place not only  satisfied the sushi monster, I couldn't stop craving sushi for the rest of the trip. That is how tasty and fresh the sushi was.I will be back. :-)
3	Recently went to dinner here on the weekend.  Staff was attentive and our party of 4 got seated quickly (for being a Sat night near a Mall).  The ambiance is cool - relaxed, dark lit, a tiny bit trendy (but by no means stuffy or overly trendy).  Our meals arrived as expected.  I would say that the meal was tasty but fairly standard.  My mixed drinks (mojitos) were a bit on the overly-sweet side so I stopped at 2 (probably best anyway, right?).The one roll that stood out to me was the 'Geisha' roll - it was pretty damn tasty and stays in my mind.  Everything else was OK.
4	Kabuki serves up edameme as a free appetizer for you to snack on. They have happy hour until 6:30p, and their food is good. I had the veggie roll (I'm not a fish person), and it was very good. The house Pinot Gris was also nice. The service was consisent, as I sat in the bar on thier couches with table.  I came alone before heading to the Gap, and relaxed playing on my phone.. They also have a sushi bar and regular dining including an outside patio. The restaurant seems very new, and clean. I will definitely go back. I did have on experience awhile back where I ordered the organic noodles (they were green); I would not recommend those unless your into their ingredients or have had them before, the flavors were VERY foriegn.
5	Have been coming here nearly every Friday since we moved here in August.  Being from Seattle and having traveled to Japan, I'd have to say...pretty good sushi especially in the desert.  The staff is great, service is quick, and prices are reasonable.  We usually get the tempura, and I'll have 1 sushi order and I am stuffed.  They also have happy hour which is a great deal if you can get in before 6.  We subscribe to their Red Mask Rewards card and have already received our reward!
4	I've lived in Japan, so I'm a bit of a  sushi "snob." In addition, I'm always a bit worried about ordering sushi in a land-locked state! That aside, I have been consistently happy with their appetizers and meals. I've been very happy with their sushi and sashimi. I normally go there for lunch, and haven't been disappointed. The portions are big and the prices are reasonable. I've only been there for dinner, with a  vegan friend, and we had no trouble finding lots of vegan-friendly dishes. The service is fast and the staff are always friendly and knowledgable. Love it!
4	I really like this place for sushi. They have the option to have sushi rolls with brown rice instead of white. and every roll ive had there has been amazing. I really like the set up of the place as well.
1	I went to Kabuki last night for a drink with 4 other friends and to get a little Sushi.  Drinks took forever to get the waiter told me that I had to order a drink first instead of sushi really WTF.  It was an hour for one order of drinks and two appetizers.  We then had to go out of our way to get our bill.  Great atmosphere good food Crappy staff..
3	I usually have a pretty good dining experience here. I never go for anything but happy hour. They have a solid HH menu with many options to choose from. My coworkers and I recently went for sushi and drinks. This visit left me feeling unimpressed and solidified my love for Kona Grill. The sushi was...OK. Nothing great this time around. The others in my party felt the same about their food. It took a good 15 minutes to get our check and another 15 to get our cards back after paying. Of course I was in a rush but even if I wasn't, that's a long time to wait to pay your server. Probably won't be back any time soon.
1	My server was actually great.  Spicy tuna roll was pretty good and I love the miso soup as do my kids.  My kids usually like teriyaki chicken/beef so we got a combo lunch special and I had to force them both to eat a few bites at the very least, just kind of weird.  My problem was when the bill came and I used a coupon that was mailed to me in a Tempe Marketplace mailer with coupons.  I read the coupon VERY carefully for stipulations before arriving at the restaurant and saw what I was planning was qualified.  When I gave the coupon to the server he informed me that his manager told him to tell me that even though it wasn't stated on the coupon we had to have a minimum purchase of $30.  I asked to speak with the MGR who again told me that he was sorry but that some people come in and only spend $10 and then he doesn't make any money (how is this my problem?) I told him that the coupon was the sole purpose of my choice to eat lunch here today and try it out and if this is my first impression of your restaurant this does not make me want to return.  He apologized again and I said you should really put a sign up at the very least and even that would leave bad taste in my mouth but was better than nothing.  He informed me there was a sign up.  I paid my bill and did not punish my server with the tip as I so wanted to but knew it wasn't his fault.  I then looked for the signage for the coupon on my way out the door and could not find it anywhere.  I left the restaurant looked around and then re-entered the restaurant and eventually found it where we never walked by when we were seated.  Very poor management as far as I'm concerned and I won't return.  I do have to mention the mgr did offer on my way out to buy me dessert however my kids had an appt. and we didn't have time.  If you are going to offer me a $5 dessert why not just accept my coupon and go the extra $5 to make me happy and want to return?  So for a lousy $10 they lost a return customer and I will probably spread the word whenever this restaurant comes up in passing or conversation.  Oh yeah and on YELP!
4	Surprisingly good, I didn't expect much for a sushi place at Tempe Marketplace (a huge outdoor shopping mall). Well, I was wrong - the food and service here are astounding. The atmosphere is stylish and open and the price was fair. Try the crab legs and the spicy tuna roll. Great place to eat before watching a flick.
4	While this is a chain sushi restaurant, it was quite satisfying. We were out for a movie in Tempe Marketplace and tried out the sushi. We tried both "cooked" sushi and fresh sushi. For this type of sushi place, the prices were reasonable and pretty good. We had the Dynamite roll, Baked scallop on california roll, and Kabuki roll (crunchy roll topped with various fish selection). The food came out quickly and the service was very friendly. I had no complaints that dinner. I would come back. Try it!
4	Okay sushi selection and quality. Good service and great prices. Frequent this location once every few months. The bar is a nice set up and the patios are cozy at night.
4	Atmosphere was AMAZING!came here last night with 5 of my co-workers, some of us have ate here and the others no. I, Myself have never been here so it was a fun new place to try. I'm always use to eatting at Saketini or Ra Sushi.I ordered Calamari as an appetizer, I was not a big fan of the deep fried...I've had better. However their dark dipping sauce was delicious!!!! It had a kick of chili in it, exactly what it needed. The shrimp tempura and Lotus roll,The Lotus roll was good, a little too seafoody for me...I loved the lobster but I just couldn't bare the smell (Dumb huh? I'm only in a sushi place) but whatever my body is weird like that. HahaDillon was our waiter, I kept giving him a hard time but it was all good fun, He was great! I would reccommend and request him to the hostesses if possible!ALL in ALL, great place
3	I need a disclaimer "Cheyenne, do NOT drink too much Saki!" My food is always yummy and the service is always great, so great that I just have to say "Yes, please" when I am asked if I want more Saki.  Next time I will go for lunch so I can just enjoy the food!
4	I have been here twice now and both times ahve been great. The sushi has been fresh and tasty! The service was great both time as well. The price is a little high but on par with some of the other sushi locations around the valley. I thought they had a great selection of sushi and sashimi. The vegas roll and phili roll are both fantastic. The first time I went the person I was with didn't know much about sushi and the server took the time to explain and recommend some of the rolls which was very nice.
1	Waited here twenty minutes for service! Waiter came and got our drink order and they were never brought to us. My boyfriend and I just ended up leaving. Terrible service
3	I'll give this place 3 stars. Not my favorite place ever, but living in Seattle sets my standards high. The salmon was fatty, and the rolls were
5	The service is great. They have a great happy hour . Recently addec some new items to the menu. They are very accommodating with parties.  The Dragon roll is awesome and the grilled calamari us fantastic
4	The grilled yellow tail salmon here is out of this world! I have eaten here twice in last 8 weeks and the sushi is fresh. The miso soup is great. Everything I have tried has been delicious. The staff is fairly friendly. Looking forward to happy hour here in the near future.
1	Yesterday my family and I went to Kabuki even after the experience with the service there is been horrible because we like the food but this las time is the last time we are going to eat there. I order tuna salad with fried calamari and 2 rolls keep in mind that this place is very expensive, my father in law order a roll and my wife order some rolls with appetizers. The food came all at one like a hurricane and very poorly executed. The rice on the rolls was horrible the rolls where to large and thin hard to grab with the shop stick, I been eating Japanese food for year and I am an expert with the stick and I can tell if the rice is been cooked properly. All the rolls where very small for the price and with out presentation, they fall a part and when I told the waiter to please take this back he said that the manager can only take half because I eat half of the roll. I personally think that the manager can even count because it came with 5 pieces and I returned 4 they fall a parts on my cloth ruining my shirt and causing a bad experience. This is the last time that we are going to eat here and if you think that this is not bad please walk in to the restroom first it is horrible I can only imagine how clean is the kitchen. We spent 150 dollars in a table of 3.! Bad place do not eat there.
4	Just had the vegetable udon.  Very tasty. Very friendly service.
1	Horrible service!My friends and I (party of 6) arrived at 7:00 and were told it would be a 30 to 35 minute wait.  At 7:50 we were finally seated.  Next, my friends ordered sushi and I ordered a chicken salad. Big mistake.  All of the sushi came out at different times, and finally at 8:25 I asked where my salad was. 8:35 the server comes back and says they accidentally cooked it with dark meat and asked if I still wanted it with white meat, to which I replied yes, I wanted it with white meat. (My friends were done eating at that point.) He then unapologetically stated that will be another 10-15 minutes.  8:50 he brings out the salad and I ask for a fork. 8:55 he comes back with cheater chopsticks and tells me they are all out of forks.I mean REALLY?!?Long story short, my friend stood up for me and told them to comp my salad, which they did, but the manager never came out to apologize.  And no, I did not eat my salad with chopsticks; I took it home to eat instead.  Good food.  It's a shame they have such lousy service.
4	Love the Vegas roll and love saki mmm
3	Always great by a pretty face and smile, this place is ALWAYS packed.  The food is good, always fresh and very creatively made.  The service was pretty damn good that night too and considering how busy it is, hats of to them.  Overall a bit expensive for sushi but I have never been disappointed.
3	I loved HH here. so I thought lunch would be great.  The service was slow, the music was loud, and the food was ok.  Maybe it was an off day, we were the first table for the day???
5	I have never been here on dine it, it has always been lunch to-go. I come here and get lunch at least once a week. I love their food and sushi. It is always so fresh and delicious every time. The staff is always very friendly and well dressed.
4	Great picture menu. Ramen wasn't bad. Sushi has always been tasty and the presentation is beautiful. My husband and I sit in the bar and we always get good service from the bartenders. Best cucumber martini in phx. This is a restaurant we would take family and friends to if they visit.
3	The service is fine, better to go in during happy hour.... N don't miss their seafood undo pasta, yum
5	My better half and I frequent this restaurant, so we are giving it five stars because the food is amazing, the service is great, the meals are definitely affordable and the selection is immense.  The only thing I suggest is that they offer the round chop sticks and lose the squared break-away ones.  Other then that minor detail of personal preference, we love this place and spent our New Years evening dinner here.  We will be back again and again! So if you havent been here, come check it out you will love the atmosphere.
1	Worst service I have had in years!!! Took 1/2 hour on a Monday night to get a table and it was not that busy. Once we actually sat down it took another 1/2 hour to get our drinks. When our food finally came it was mediocre, and that's being generous. The servers computer was directly behind our table and in the middle of our dinner a server dropped another customers credit card down in the side of our booth where it got stuck. We had to get up and stand around for 10 min while the servers and bus boys tried to fish out this credit card. No attempt was made to reseat us or accommodate us in anyway. Once we were able to sit back down and finish our meal we received a half hearted apology and were offered free dessert. Which after sitting there for close to 3 hours, we were not very excited about. There are so many other good sushi places in Phoenix with better food and service. My suggestion skip this place!
1	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUjpkXoiN-YNot only did it take 30 minutes to be seated, it took another 30 to get our drinks.  And an hour on top of that to get our food.  Once we got the food, we were interrupted by a server who had dropped a card in the slot between the table and the window.  Instead of reseating us, they actually made half of the dinner party stand around and wait for them to dig for about 20 minutes.  When the manager approached us after the fact, he offered us dessert.  We had our own cake because it was a going away party...so then he decided to offer us ice cream like that would solve the problem.  No thanks.  Oh wait, then he asked us if we wanted a candle...no...it's not a birthday and none of us are turning 1.  So then he ASKS if we want a discount.  Well, considering the fact we couldnt even enjoy the meal, one should have automatically been given.  No need to ask.  Horrible service.  Horrible experience.  At least I had an awesome group of people with me!!!!  I will never return to Kabuki.  Unacceptable.
5	Awesome Sushi! Some of the best in Phoenix, hands down. Try their signature rolls.  We had good service, but it was around 10pm and not a lot of people were there.
3	Great looking place but too pricey. The food was pretty good but I could find similar dishes for less elsewhere. If you're looking to impress someone then I suppose you could go here but I would rather pay less for good food and have okay surroundings.
2	Beautiful place. Just wish the taste of the food matched the decor.
5	Atmosphere was amazing! This place have really nice decor, great place to relax and enjoy their food. Came here on a date long time ago and just thought it was an overpriced sushi joint but I just recently went here with family and had a whole new experience.Venture outside the sushi even though the sushi are very good! After tasting sushi from multiple restaurant, I gotta say the price of the sushi here is worth it :) 1 or 2 roll will get you full. Other foods here are good too. Love their garlic edamame and seaweed salad. The sesame chicken is different but in a good way [: The yakisoba was okay and the seafood udon was unexpected cause you want an asian flavour but get a cajun instead. The soupy noodles were better though. Love the cha sui ramen and the spicy udon noodles.  Service was excellent! took forever to be seated but it was expected because we came in when the waiters were switching shifts but they didnt hover and came back periodically to make sure we got everything we need. We definitely will be back soon to try out other foods on their menu.
5	Great sushi for a decent price! Not to cheap but nor is it a wallet drainer. The happy hour has wonderful staples such as spicy tuna roll and sashmi at great prices. The rolls are large and plump. I've been around to many local sushi spots and this so far has the finest taste. Steve was my server and he was excellent. Friendly, cool, and filled with smiles.  The kid's coloring menu was cool, colorful, and engaging.
4	I was lucky enough to vist this Shushi bar on Sunday when they were not to busy. The Staff was very friendly and services was quick. Order two or three rolls and cumcumber salad it was enough to fill two people up. Prices are fair for Shushi.
5	I've been to this location twice now and was quite impressed. Not only do they have a nice atmosphere (plus patio) for dining, but quality sushi.Their sashimi cuts are nice and generous which is something that really stands out to me. Rainbow roll was superb and Philly was delish also. NOTE: I'd prefer mine w/a little less cream cheese, as it starts to overpower the salmon.I've dined at the Kabuki in Woodland Hills, CA also and had an impressive experience.Great job Kabuki - you have won me over!
4	It was better than what I expected. On the way to a late night movie decided to grab a late dinner. I've been to too many bad sushi places in the past month, and this meal really impressed me.
4	This place was a little adventurous for me. The extent of my taste for sushi was an occasional craving for gas station California Rolls. Haha! Just kidding. More like supermarket sushi. I usually don't venture too far from what I'm sued to.But I was with my wife and a couple of new friends who I decided to put my faith in. I was a little nervous, but when the sushi came I was fixin' to get my dinner on! No, I'm not from Texas. It was great! Of course, I loved the Vegas Roll. That's probably as white bread as you can get with sushi, and I was loving it. The Lobster Roll was good, but I wasn't a big fan of the Spicy Tuna. Raw fish + smelt eggs = happy Colt. I was surprised! The place was pretty awesome too. I liked the set up. Dim lighting. Loads of people. Nice servers. I'd definitely go back!
4	I live in Seattle, in the middle of the international district.  I came here with my husband tonight wanting something refreshing after a few days of fast food.  I was nervous to come here.  I don't want to sound like a snob, but I have been very blessed sushi-wise with the location I live in.  Or favorite place actually goes out and catches its fish every day, and when they run out, they stop serving.  So, needless to say, I was doubtful about sushi in a state where there's no ocean anywhere near.  But this was rather lovely!  I would be happy to come back again.
4	Decent priced sushi and good quality fish. The service was slow but overall good. Some of the house rolls like the aladdin roll had too much creamy sauce. The yellow tail, spicy tuna, and regular tuna rolls were very good though with a good fish to rice ratio. I'm picky about these things. Thanks.
3	Been dining here ever since it opened, and have dined quite often here as well.Pros:-Love that they give you an option for brown rice rather than the traditional white jasmine rice.-Happy Hour (hours) are ideal! :)-centrally located -plenty of parking-some hosts are cordial and appear to be happy they are there-affordabilityCons:-happy hour food selection is at its minimal (compared to earlier days)-service is a bit inconsistent lately-some food/dish portion has also been inconsistent latelyI do not mind reccommending this spot. It's good food, service is ok, and priced just right! :)
3	My husband and I went to dinner here last night for the first time. Since we had never been there , I asked our waitress what drink she would reccommend. Her response was "I dont drink alcohol so i dont know"......I have been working in customer service log enough to know that if her manager heard that he would be pissed. When we asked for reccommendations on rolls she pointed to about ten different rolls going..this is good this is good etc etc...lol. We ended up ordering a lot of food and most od it was delicious. The flavors were great. One roll we had , Ifelt like the fish hada bad smell so I let someone know...he argued with me ...he said well we get it in every day, and we put vinegar on it..then he looks at my husband and says...what about you sir what do you think?! There was no sollution offered or anything. I WAS SERIOUSLY APPAULED. This restaurant definitely needs work on their customer service and showig some respect to customers. Overall the food and atmosphere were nice but the customer service will keep me from going back.
4	Even though it's not "cool" to like chain restaurants, Kabuki is one of my favorite sushi places in the Phoenix area. the seafood is always fresh and the fish is sliced thick (not like at Ra... don't even get me started on their pitiful sushi). I'm not a huge fan of their specialty rolls -- I just don't get the appeal of cream cheese with sushi or huge fried rolls, so I usually just stick with the basics like nigiri or spicy tuna roll or the rainbow roll.  The reason they don't get 5 stars from me is because I wish they had more specialty rolls that incorporated fresh fish WITHOUT cream cheese or fried things.The wait is never that long here, the atmosphere is fun, and I also like that they serve you complimentary edamame with your meal!
4	Love the quality and freshness of the sushi here. The Kabuki Roll is a little tricky to handle but presentation and taste make it worth the effort. Don't miss out on side dishes like the cucumber salad, which makes a great refreshing appetizer. Beware if you sit at the sushi bar, the wait staff may reach over you and your food to pick up orders. Mention it to the staff and they'll hopefully be more careful.
3	Consistently inconsistent. I really *want* to like it more. *When* they get the order right it's really good food. I've been three times recently and they brought me the wrong food *every* time.The service is also lacking. It really shouldn't take 15-20 minutes to refill a soft drinks. It's just bad when they offer no water, take your glass when it's still half full and you are eating, leaving you without a drink for 15-20 minutes. The waiters seem to try to avoid looking at you when they pass by our table. Maybe they are afraid you will actually want something within their job description?The issue I have is that they don't seem to care. Twice, after getting either part or all of my order to go, I called to speak to a manager. Both times the manager acted as if I must have ordered the wrong item and when I pushed (explaining in detail what I asked for, and how) he, reluctantly, offered me $3 off of my next visit. After bad service and the wrong food brought to me again today, I don't think I'll be back any time soon.
2	Ok Kabuki is a typical sushi chain restaurant. Cool atmosphere, decent sushi -- no where as good as authentic Japanese restaurants in my opinion. I probably come here more often than the food is worth but it is right down the street and quite frankly I am lazy. I would give them an extra star BUT literally every single time I have been here (I have been here more times than I could count) the service is absolutely HORRIBLE. It takes several minutes to be greeted once you walk in the door and even longer to be greeted and have your drink order taken. Every single time your food will come after you have asked yourself several times "Shouldn't I be eating by now?". I finally lost it last night after countless bad experiences with the service here and will probably not be returning. Guess I will have to drive a little further now for my sushi. However, if you are feeling patient and do decide to try Kabuki their Alaska Roll is super.
5	Excellent sushi in excellent happy hour.
4	Good place!  Went on my birthday.  Sushi was a decent price ($10-12) and they have pictures in the menu which is very helpful.  The drinks are definitely on the expensive side so during happy hour it might be better.
4	Never have I been disappointed here.  I like to sit at the sushi bar and watch as the chefs put together some of the prettiest and tastiest sushi I could imagine eating in a desert.  Seriously, pulling off great sushi in the Phoenix area seems like a great challenge... this place does a great job.They're sometimes one of the only places that have toro in the area as well - a personal favorite.  You should ask though, because it's pretty rare. Finally the mushroom miso soup is very very tasty and a nice way to kick off a visit.  I also recommend the sake based cocktails.
5	Wow - what a terrific experience. Laid-back Sunday afternoon and we couldn't have asked for a better lunch. Great service, very friendly and helpful. Delicious food - the sushi was fresh and flavorful, the miso soup was the best I've ever had. Comforting! Oh, and the sake bombs were spectacular. I will definitely return here again and again.Thanks for a beautiful lunch.
3	Use to love going to happy hour for sushi, but the last time the service was horrible and the sushi didn't taste good AT ALL! Drove me to go somewhere else, so I now go to California Pizza Kitches for food in that area!
1	It used to b one of my fav restaurant till tonight. (As u can see i placed 4th for check in to this place) The GM in Tempe has no skill in serving industry at all. He pretty much ruin our night over a $4 roll. He explained to us the yelp deal r only allow one per table (as we didnt know n we were using two coupons in same table but two separate checks like always) my friend joked to him n say he can take the order back since she didn't even eat hers. He replied with very rude attitude, "yeah I can do that. I'm just gonna throw them away. But u can only use one coupon per table!" So he took the order back along with my two extra piece (my leftover I didn't want) he rather end biz n pissed off their customer over $4 Cali roll...really?! All he did was prove his point-that he is right n customers r wrong.  I had never seen any service like that ever! Corp office will hear from me as soon as they open on Monday
4	This is one of my favorite happy hour spots. Beer and sushi at a smokin' deal and the bartenders are always friendly. Be warned there are some regulars that will steal the attention from the bartender and create a bit of a wait on service, but the friendly service easily makes up for it.I started with the Cucumber Mojito and was impressed with how good it was. I'm usually not a Mojito fan, but a friend convinced me to try it. It will now be my drink of choice at Kabuki. We split a few rolls and loved them all, especially the Tempura California Roll. It's a must eat.
4	I've been to this location twice now and was quite impressed. Not only do they have a nice atmosphere (plus patio) for dining, but quality sushi.Their sashimi cuts are nice and generous which is something that really stands out to me. I absolutely love the Kabuki roll-its  a crunch roll with each individual piece topped with a different cut of fish(salmon, tuna, smelt). Really amazing!!I like sitting at the sushi bar and watching the chefs make their masterful sushi art!Great job Kabuki - you have won me over!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. BEST SUSHI EVER. I always go for happy hour! Absolutely the best! I get the seaweed salad, fire cracker, and Alaskan rolls! I wish they would open more locations in other cities! I'm dying to have one in Portland, OR!
4	My wife had a Japanese craving. So here we are at one of our normal stomping grounds. We got there early today and didn't have to wait. YeaOrdered the rainbow roll, shrimp tempura roll, eel roll, and California roll. Boom sushi came out very fast. Very good and fresh. Really enjoyed the sushi. I had the beef ribs, chicken teriyaki, and tempura. This came with rice and salad. Was not a real fan of the salad but was okay. The beef ribs were really good. Nice, tender, and very tasty. Tempura was nice and crispy with fresh vegetables and shrimp. Only downfall was the chicken teriyaki. Some pieces were tender and juicy and others were very dry and hard. My wife had the eel bowl. The eel was cooked perfectly with a huge bowl of rice and vegetables.  It was pretty good. The serve was very good. Greeted, seated, and welcomed by the server pretty quickly. Filled up the water cups regularly and got our food out pretty fast. Enjoyed our meal here tonight but ordered too much sushi (but so good). Like I said only downfall was some of the dry chicken teriyaki. First time this has ever happened to us but this won't stop us from coming to this place.
5	We go here about once a month.  Every sushi plate we get is super delish!  The hostess and the waiters are always super attentive and professional.  Highly recommend!
4	Good sushi and Great Drinks!I live right by Tempe Marketplace so this is very convenient for me.  This is my girlfriends favorite sushi place and I would have to agree.  Its a little expensive, but most quality sushi is.  Get whatever, it all tastes great!  Good drinks as well
5	Always loved kabuki for its service and food. Today it was no surprise .. Amazing food with amazing bar service from Gina.Ordered the veggie roll, soy ramen with a side of veggie salad. Veggie roll tasty as usual.. Not overstuffed with veggies which made my sushi experience light and ready for next plate.Soy ramen is a lot for one person unless you are really hungry! My wife and I split the noodle soup. So heavy and delish once you add that chilli paste. Great night at Kabuki!
2	I loved Kabuki at Tempe Marketplace, but recently their service SUCKS. Most recently I went in for happy hour and it took about 20 minutes to get our food while people who say after us got their food first. At the time we got the check I told our waiter that we were there for happy hour and that our check did not reflect those prices and she said that because we got seated a few minutes before happy hour started (probably 5-10 minutes before) she had to charge us full price. We are regulars there for happy hour, the hostess even recognized us so there rationale was ridiculous.For the past few times I gone there the service has been ridiculous!
5	Always love the service, fast reliable. Always come here for the presentation and how good the food is of course. And the happy hour I can't complain I always spend under 20 dollars at least unless I'm very hungry. Sake bombers are a plus, if you are craving a drink, or Vegas Rolls & Spicy tuna/Crunch is a thing I always order when I  come here. Many options to choose from on the happy hour menu, and good drinks at reasonable costs, also there's a good lunch menu time and such.
2	I'm a frequent visitor to Kabuki, mostly for work lunches during the week.  Today (Saturday) I decided to treat my wife and kids to sushi!  I'm not sure if I'm tainted by the larger and quicker lunch staff, but service was absolutely atrocious.  Our server, Andy, was covering what appeared to be 4-5 tables.  His priorities, however, were more targeted towards complaining to fellow waiters about having to work on such a nice day and discussing weekend plans with the hostess.  To give you an idea on what I mean by "bad service," our appetizers and salad (that comes with the special) came after we were done with our sushi rolls, drinks were not filled, and it took him approx 20 min to pick up my card and check after dropping it off.  It's too bad they couldn't find anybody to work that wants to work!  Buyer beware, bad service, "okay" food.
3	Sushi is ok! Nothing fancy. Most rolls, even their specialty rolls are very basic. I prefer multiple types of fish and sauces on my sushi. The teriyaki chicken looked very good. It was nice to save a few dollars on the sushi during happy hour!
3	The Japanese version of PF Changs (Just like Shogun in SoCal)Stick with the rolls here instead of the pricey and not that good sashimi/fusion dishes.Tuna Tartare in particular was a $10 salt bomb that didn't taste of much except tomatoes and salt. You could puree this into a brandade.They did have have hirame albeit at 5 slices for around 15 bucks.Cucumber roll was forgettable at $5 for 6 small pieces . (Then again it's cucumber ahahah, don't know why I ordered it)I'm a big fan of the interior though~
4	Updated review: went back to here after having not the best experience last time. This time was better! I went when it was really busy, and have to say that the sushi tasted much better! The service was sadly still not up to par. Food: got the BBQ ribs (I think that is what they were called) as an appetizer. They were delicious and would highly recommend them! For sushi got California roll, delicious, the Alaskan, also amazing and the gold rush, can't go wrong with it! Service: we were seated at the sushi bar. Sushi chef was very nice, but our server ignored is for quiet a while until we were able to order apatite.  All-in-all, a much better experience and I will keep in coming, just don't want to have another poor experience.
5	Always awesome,  food, service, atmosphere.For rolls try the albacore crunch roll, Sunkist, and the dragon roll.  The dragon is the best in town for quality.Sashimi the fatty yellowtail is always a hit.
4	Fun food.... Fun atmosphere!!
3	Came here with my son and husband on Saturday night, it was our first time dining here. We don't live in the valley and are used to California sushi. In comparison to our experiences here I give Kambuki a 3.5. I found the rolls good sized but not as fresh tasting as I would have liked. I liked the variety of fun rolls and we definitely had our fill. The ambience was really nice inside, like most things in this area of town the restaurant is huge with plenty of seating. It was dimly lit and nice inside.A few highlights for me- the white wine I ordered was deliciously cold. I hate getting a warm glass of wine. Our server, Gina, was perfectly professional and attentive. She really enhanced the experience.On the flip side, I mentioned the rolls were just so-so, nothing amazing. It doesn't mean we didn't like them, they just didn't blow us away.The restaurant was at least 80 degrees inside- very uncomfortable. Another reason I was grateful for that cold glass of wine. We asked to dine outside but they quoted us a wait despite it being early in the evening and plenty of open tables on the patio (weird). We should have waited a few mins to sit outside.We'll probably be back when visiting the area, I wouldn't stay away from here.
1	Kabuki (Tempemarket Place) used to be my favorite sushi restaurant until recently when I had what can be described as one of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant. We placed our order about 3-5 minutes prior to the start of happy hour (after waiting about 30 minutes to be seated). When it was time to pay, our check did not reflect the happy hour prices. Our waitress was new and she admitted that she forgot to wait to put in the order after happy hour had started. She obviously couldn't do anything about it so I asked to talk to her manager. This is when I became beyond disillusioned with this restaurant. The manager (Ashley) was beyond rude. She actually said it was OUR fault for sitting before happy hour had started. She was very condescending. I really could not believe she was the manager. I am very disappointed. Sadly, I will not be going back.
4	My Wife and I had dinner here great food and service the servers are trained well and are very polite, the sushi is very good neat clean slices and very tasty if you like sushi and very good service check this place out.
2	I co worker wanted to do sushi for his Birthday Lunch . . . and so I recommended this place since I have had great luck here before . . . godd thing he is not a big sushi person since he thought it was great, and I . . . well not so much this time.We were seated promptly and our waiter came and got our drink order . . . Green Iced tea for me and a soda for the Birthday boy . . . hard to screw up a soda, but the green tea tasted water down and was cloudy . . . obviously not a fresh brew  (minus one star).We both ordered the seaweed salad . . . and since I had eaten it before, I was really looking forward to it . . . the seaweed was great, but more than half the salad was arugula . . . really arugula . . . are you kidding me, I ordered a seaweed salad  (minus one half star).Along with the salad we ordered a Lotus Roll . . . rices was not sticky, so the roll fell apart . . . the lobster was luke warm and way to chewy . . . whats going on . . . those appetizers were my go to items  (minus one half star).Entree my friend had the tempura shimp, and I had the Koshou Beef . . . the beef was tough and chewy, shitaki mushrooms were almost unrecognizable, the asparagas was over cooked and mushy . . . and the sauce . . . well lets just say it had a burnt taste to it . . . overall not a very good entree  (minus one star).The atmosphere and service were good . . . but again . . . nothing to write home about.  I am hoping this was just an overall bad day for the this place, because it has been great in the past . . . only time will tell.
3	*Be sure to check-in here on Yelp for your FREE California Roll! *I came here on a Friday night with a friend for an early dinner. I had seen mixed reviews about the happy hour service so I wasn't sure what to expect, but I generally try to keep an open mind about these things until I've experienced the restaurant for myself. Hey, you don't earn the Maverick badge by following the pack! And so our culinary adventure at Kabuki began with placing our names on the wait list to build the anticipation. I take it as a good sign that this restaurant was quite busy and it was only 6:30p. We enjoyed the beautiful fall weather outside while we waited and were delighted to hear our name called within 10 minutes - much sooner than anticipated. We were seated at a table and promptly asked for our drink order. We opened our menus and I was pleased to see there was a photo displayed for each dish, which made it hard to decide because they all looked delicious! We decided on 2 specialty rolls and a "little baby tuna roll" (as my friend said). -Tuna Roll ($4.95)- 6 tiny pieces (also known as Norimaki or a "nori roll"): nothing special-Sunkissed ($10.95) - Spicy tuna roll topped with Fresh Salmon and slices of avocado: decadent and delicious!-Rainbow Roll ($11.95) - California Roll topped with fresh slices of an assortment of fish (tuna, yellow tail, salmon, shrimp): quite delicious and beautifully preparedOverall, I was quite happy with Kabuki Japanese Restaurant. Sadly, there was no Kabuki theater performance but there are large flat screen TVs for those that want entertainment during happy hour. The server took a little while to confirm our sushi order, but he was friendly enough and came to refill our waters. He even a arranged to have the patio door closed as it was creating a draft for my friend. The sushi may not be "fresh off the boat" because well, where's the nearest ocean in Tempe? But the quality of the fish is certainly better than most other sushi restaurants. You'd have to venture up to Scottsdale and pay significantly more to find better sushi.
4	This is definitely my go-to Sushi place! Great for dates, celebrations and taking out-of-towners. Walking in, the decor and ambiance is trendy, clean and impressive, yet casual enough where you don't' feel out of place if you're not dressed up. The pretty hostesses are friendly and accommodating- I've yet to experience bad service in all the times I've been there. Depending on the time of day, there could be a long wait, but hey! you're in Tempe Marketplace! If you have to wait, take the vibrating coaster and head outside! Enjoy the fireplace right in front or go shopping right next door! The area is gorgeous !  I suggest snatching the patio tables if it becomes available or squeeze in at the bar if you don't have the patience to wait. The patio seating by the bar is definitely my favorite spot. It's great for people watching and enjoying the Arizona air. For a bonus! if you go on weekends, there's usually a live performer right outside Barns & Noble so you get a show with your meal! So let's talk FOOD!! Yaaay! They change up their menu now and then to keep things interesting. If you haven't tried the Garlic Edamame, it's a tasty twist to the regular Edamame. My favorite appetizer is the BBQ Beef Ribs. Order a side of rice and you're set! Careful unless you want to fill up. I recommend going there for Happy Hour and/or Reverse Happy Hour (awesome prices!) where my usual Broiled Mussel on a Half Shell is only $5.95! Yumm! The poke tuna is great but I don't remember if we were too impressed by the steamed clams. They have a HUGE selection of Sushi rolls. These are my favs: Paradise, Eel & Avocado, Rainbow, & Sunkissed roll. If you're there with a huge party and super hungry, I suggest ordering their Boat option. Very fun. The only time I remember being disappointed was when I ordered their ramen dish and some of the food we tried came out a bit more salty than we like, but overall, this is really a great place to dine. To end this review- you have to check out their Drink selections!! Cocktails, Spirits, Sake, Wine, Beer.. anything you like! Enjoy!
4	Super fast service! Awesome fresh Sushi I checked in and got a coupon for free cali rolls!! Pretty slick marketing!!! : ) Definitely will be back, and checking in again!! Thanks again!
5	Well, 3 years later I still love this place. I don't come here very often since I am not in the area that much. I'm sure if I lived close by I would frequent this place on a biweekly basis. The good news is the owner has done a good job with the upkeep so the place still feels clean and new. The menu is still huge with an offering for every palate. My friend and I ordered 3 appetizers this time and it was plenty for the two of us. Like I've written before, if I lived closer, I would eat here more often!
5	Not sure how anyone could rate this place below perfection. Came here during happy hour and I became an instant fan! You have to do a lot to please me when it comes to sushi since California has TONS of sushi spots. This place did everything to perfection! And the mojitos!!!!....their regular mojito was the best I've ever had. Definitely going back.
4	great restaurant in Tempe marketplace! Always go there with my friend during happy hour!
4	I love this place and can't wait to return.  Disclaimer: we sat at the bar so we could watch the game, & when I walked through the restaurant to go to the bathroom, I got a "cafeteria" vibe from the place because it was so big, crowded, and noisy.  Not sure I would want to sit in the restaurant section honestly.  But the bartenders were great, and the sushi was awesome.  My 2 new favorite rolls (Baja roll & Lotus on Fire roll), YUM.
1	Sure it's a Friday night and they are busy however it is not an excuse to bring the sushi 35 min after the order.... Wrong sushi!We had to ask 3 times for the drink we ordered and finally we canceled it.
2	Sushi bar was such a bad deal. Definitely not the best sushi I've had in my life...in the US...or even in Arizona. The sashimi dinner plate is acceptable, but again, the quality of sushi here is pretty low. After a while it just tastes watery.
4	Best place hands down to go in Tempe for sushi. It's got a great selection and now is accommodating those who can't eat sushi. It's a great atmosphere and it's close to the theatre if you're looking for a movie and dinner. I recommend the baja roll. Happy hour wines are cheap and delicious as well. Can't best a glass for 3.50$
4	Lots of really bad reviews for this place on the customer service side. I have been here a few times with all sorts of people. We were never disappointed. Yes, its not your local Japanese sushi spot, but the service is good, the drinks are spot on and the sushi is delicious.People should have their expectations set when they are going to a sushi spot in Tempe Marketplace on a friday or saturday night. Of course there will be a little wait sometimes (I've never personally waited more than 5-10 minutes).
5	This is the best place in town hands down ..
4	Great ambiance. Good sushi. I ordered mussels... To die for. Must order this. Soft shell crab was good. The lobster roll was my favorite. Every roll was good. So happy with everything. Service could have been better. Not to attentive with us at the sushi bar. I didn't give it 5 stars because they use imitation "krab" in their rolls. Not happy about that.
2	The fish is always very fresh and delicious. We usually get good service. Unfortunately, this place is listed as "gluten free friendly" when it is not. Yes, they have gluten-free soy sauce, but on all but one occasion I have had to ask for it multiple times and then go get it myself. The manager told me that ALL of their sauces, including the mayo, have wheat in them. The only way to get gluten-free sushi here is to get everything with NO sauce. They add wheat-based soy sauce and wheat seasoning to all the sauces, which is totally unnecessary. I mean, mayo does not need wheat or soy sauce added.Unfortunately, none of the wait staff alerted me to this until I had visited several times! I had ordered various things and asked questions about wheat content, and no one ever told me that the sauces all have wheat in them. The wait staff and the manager were very reluctant and resistant to the idea of just plopping a little plain mayo or ponzu or other sauce on a plate for me. After I asked over and over, the manager did bring me a little bit of mayo, but I should not have had to ask over and over. It's just mayo, they do not make mayo in-house, and it is a matter of service. Also, when I asked questions about wheat-free items, our waiter directed me to the vegan menu. He did not understand the difference between vegan and gluten-free: he thought it was the same thing. I really loved Kabuki and went there about 2-3 times a month before I found out that there was hidden wheat in all the sauces. So, I'm very disappointed.
1	Absolutely crappy service.  Took over 1/2 hour to get serve from time of ordering.  Almost immediately got sick and developed "D" after eating the Salmon entree.  I was disappointed as I have always liked this restaurant. I will not return.
4	Can beat good food for a decent price. If you are looking for value for money, this is your place. Grilled asparagus were pretty tasty. The edamame was cold which wouldn't be my first choice of temperature, but was pretty decent. Teriyaki ribs were yummy and the AAA sushi was also really good.My only 2 complains would be the edamame temperature and that the AAA sushi is constructed in a way that every single piece separates. They might want to wrap it up with sea weed or something to keep it in one piece, just saying. Walking around Tempe Marketplace after lunch was also super pleasant. Can go wrong with Kabuki. Cheers
5	Amazing great sushi. Awesome happy hour. Lots of complimentary items. Great service. When servers are weeded the management seems to be there pulling up the slack. Just a wonderful experience. Thank you kabuki
4	(Lyrics - A Taste of Honey - Sukiyaki)It's all because of you, I'm feeling good and fullI went away, now I'm back for another dayAnd I love your rolls, how much you'll never knowI'm back again and ordered noodlesUntouchable memories, order some edamameOf taste so trueThat it once turned my palates askewAnd my food disappearedNow my glass is filled with beerAnd I'm wishing you were here with meOkay, Kabuki deserves my love!This place has been here as long as I've been in PHX. At first it was a cliche restaurant, but now it's fast becoming a staple of Temple Marketplace.I come here often usually for drinks for Happy Hour and Reverse. Sake bombs and saketini's just keep them flowing. The food has gotten a lot better as the years have passed. Not much of a sushi guy I always say so I order their noodle dishes. Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura, Mori Soba, and my favorite Spicy Seafood Udon Pasta. The Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura for me is just a filler. The Mori Soba is definitely a summer dish for me since it's cold buckwheat noodles in a soy dipping sauce. The udon noodles is perfect -- from shrimp, mussels, and scallops with what I believe is mixed in some XO sauce -- an Asian spicy sauce. Definitely will kick some behind if you like it spicy.Overall, the food is good and the drinks are a must in my book. Service is always on top of their game and never fails. Needless to say, Kabuki you lost me once, but now I'm back! - Enjoy!
5	Happy hour 3pm-6pm and reverse 8pm to close. And I love the fact they have happy hr on Sunday n is fantastic. I'll recommend you gold rush, Alaska roll, and Philly roll this r my top 3. Peach sikitini its amazing.
4	A new sushi choice that was delicious. Fun, hip vibe and decide with helpful service. We had several specialty roles (lotus on fire & sun kissed) as well as salmon sashimi. It was all very good. While it was a tad pricey, we would certainly go back.
4	Best place for sushi especially during happy hour. I personally wouldn't pay full price outside of HH, but still great quality and always a friendly staff. Don't forget to try the sesame chicken!
4	I use to come here with a friend twice a week when we were taking classes in the area. We would always sit at the sushi bar. Today we got seated at the table since I had my 3 little nieces, and meeting up a friend. We ordered so much food. We had cold tofu, tuna tartar, calamari, seafood udon (my favorite here), two different kinds of rolls, clam miso soup, scallop sashimi and uni (sea-urchin). The girls liked the calamari and udon noodles, although it's a bit spicy. I didn't really care for the rolls, I think there was too rice. Besides the rolls, everything was scrumptious. My nieces ate and got to color and do little puzzles. They stayed busy while we tried to finish all the food. Nice place to go on a date, meet a friend, or have drinks with a group.
1	Food is good but the service and attitude of the staff makes this a no go place
5	WOOHOO!! I have found my sushi restaurant! The food is soo good, the service very polite and knowledgeable. I would say the only thing that could be improved on was their rolls could be rolled a bit tighter. Otherwise, we will be returning!
4	Good Sushi and the prices aren't that bad.
4	Waited for about 20 minutes for dinner but they do make use of technology by texting you when your seats are ready!! A plus!! :)Soft Shell Crab appetizer:Uhhhhh what happened??!! This time around the portion was mini me size!! The waitress advised that it was the time of the season.  I remember around summer  time it was twice the size!! That was a downer for me. Albacore Crunch Role:This is similar to eating ahi tuna but a cheaper grade. Filled with mix of bits of shrimp and imitation crab and ponzu sauce. I could eat another one of these. Yellowtail Toro (belly fat):Ummm.....thought this was supposed to melt in your mouth kind of texture?? Wasn't pleased with this one as I'm used to the tuna toro. Lotus on Fire Roll:Spicy tuna with the same shrimp and imitation crab mix and a lotus root chip. Dynamite Roll:Baked onions and mushroom and scallops also with the imitation crab and some spicy mayo sauce.   Enjoyed the atmosphere. My belly was super 3 month prego-lookin! ;)
3	You definitely get a lot of food if you know what to order here. You get free edamame with your rolls and some meals come with miso soup, so that's already a pretty full meal right there! Overall it's pretty good sushi for what you're paying for. I've also tried some of the hot plates and they are good as well. The teas and other drinks are just meh, I don't think they are really worth the money.  I've never really gotten anything "bad" here, but one time they took FOREVER to bring my boyfriend's food out to him. I had already finished eating. It was really weird. I've also had to wait almost an hour for a table. You can just go next door to Barnes and Noble and hang while you wait, but it is annoying if you're super hungry.
5	Great Japanese cuisine with a kiss menu and premium sushi.  The presentation of all dishes are artistically done.  If you are in for lunch I recommend the Kabuki Deluxe and Omkase Delux for starters.
3	Got the Vegas roll, California roll, crispy spicy tuna roll and veggie tempura.  Nothing to write home about.  Fish seemed decently fresh but the taste wasn't awesome.  Doesn't compete with RA.
2	I've been to Kabuki a few times and have never been that impressed. The service is mediocre, the food is decent at best and the cocktails are nothing special. The ingredients seem semi fresh, but there are definitely way better places in the valley if you are looking for delicious sushi. My suggestions: Ra, Blue Wasabi or Squid Ink (depending on which part of the valley you are in).If for some reason my review hasn't changed your mind from going and you find yourself at Kabuki DO NOT order the Sangria, you WILL BE disappointed. As for the food -- I guess there are worse places you could go.
1	Found a bug in my salad. See picture.
4	Excellent service, good ambiance. The sushi here was above average with decent size rolls and nigiri. I gave 4 stars because the price was very reasonable
3	6 of us ate here last night, which was my third time eating here.  We waited a bit for a table even though they weren't busy and then we were sat on the patio and had to move a big umbrella on a stand out of the way just so we could sit down.  Not a big deal, but a little weird.  The food is usually okay and I like that they now have a vegetarian menu.  All of our food came out at different times with one friend's dish coming out a few minutes after we order and one friend's coming out after most of us were halfway done.  All in all it was the same as usual, everything is just so-so.
4	Kabuki is a fantastic place to get pretty authentic Japanese sushi - it is one of the few places our Japanese friends like to go! I regularly go there for happy hour - they have a pretty good selection of drinks, appetizers, and sushi. Some of the items I regularly get are the mozzarella tempura, the firecracker, gyoza, and the bbq beef ribs. Their dinners are also good - bento boxes are the best! The only reason why I can't give Kabuki 5 stars is due to their service. We go there a lot and it's really hit or miss with the servers - some are great, others are so-so.
5	My mom came down to visits me from California and we went there for dinner, anyways the food we ordered was great and overall we had a lovely and sweet waitress. I suggest for an appetizer order the lobster dynamite it is quite tasty. We went on a friday around 7 pm, mind you that it is quite busy so we had to wait for thirty minutes, but it was worth the wait time goes by so fast. Overall my mother, my two friends, and I had a good time there. I will definitely come there again
5	Some cooked. Some raw. Choice is always friendly staff. Good food. Lots of parking. Clean. Easy to find.
4	My group of friends met at Kabuki on a slow Wednesday afternoon.  We started our Happy Hour of Power around 4 and we didn't leave until about 8 PM.  Our waiter was attentive at every turn.  And the table was set with delicate delights and strong "potions."  Yes, it was a happy night!
4	Price is reasonable. Good food and service. Can be loud sometimes. Not very appealing happy hour menu and the happy hour menu is way off. I always order a lot and take home leftovers bc they are good even the next day.
2	Not impressed. I'm giving 1 star for cleanliness of restaurant and 1 star for fast and friendly service. But for the food, all I can say is Overpriced for the Quality! My daughter ordered a few sushi rolls, and those were not very fresh tasting. Even your basic California roll tasted as if we found it at your local grocery store. Very basic.  I ordered the teriyaki salmon, and that came with a small bowl of rice, your choice of white or brown, a side salad and a bowl of luke warm broth (soup).  Absolutely none of that got my tastebuds excited!  We had a few appetizers as well. We ordered the mixed Tempura, and some kind of Japanese quesadilla. They were very minimal and basic, if ordering appetizers for a big party, I'd go with ordering 2 or more of the same thing, because the quesadilla appetizer came with 5 small pieces and the mixed Tempura came with a Handful of mixed veggies and one shrimp. Overall, it was not worth the price for the value of what we got and we will not be coming back.
5	Came in over the weekend for a late lunch & we got seated right away.  I tried the king crab salad which was delicious as well as the Hawaiian Roll which was also great.  My friend ordered one of the combos which came with A LOT of food for about $16 & looked great.  I would definitely come back if I was in the area.
3	I came here for the poke. I was trying to recreate poke bowls from Hawaii because I missed them so much. They serve their poke on a bed of seaweed salad and radish strings. I left the salad behind but the poke was super delicious, well seasoned and fresh. I got a side of rice and asked for happa rice (half brown, half white). My waitress was nice enough to accommodate my request by serving me half white and half brown, not the mixed together rice that I am used to, but the rice was delicious. Second to the quality of the fish, the quality of the cooked rice really makes or breaks a place for me, and this place ad great rice. I got there during happy hour so after my meal I also tried the salmon sushi, which means salmon nigiri, I thought i was getting a sushi roll, but it ended up being two pieces of sake nigiri. I was a little dissappointed in the way the salmon tasted. Salmon is my most favorite fish but this one wasn't terribly fresh. Definitely not as good as the tuna I had in my poke.I gave them 3 stars because I had pretty bad service. I think my waitress forgot about me. I was sitting at the sushi bar and ordered everything at the same time as soon as I sat down. I got my poke directly from the sushi chef first, then waited 10 minutes for my rice, later got my edamame appetizer and had to remind her that I asked for water too. It all came out of order!Truly, the service wasn't bad enough to keep me from returning. I'll definitely go back to eat my way through their menu
4	I come here as a treat every few months and it never disappoints! The food is divine - I recommend you get the garlic edamame, holy wow! The wait staff is friendly and prompt, the sushi is amazing, and their kid's meals are perfect! My only complaint is the HUGE upcharge to substitute soy paper instead of seaweed, $1.50 per roll! Soy paper is very inexpensive, it's an overpriced substitute and I took an entire star for it. I've come here on dates, with my kiddo, even all alone, and I feel like I'm pampering myself :)
1	Worst Japanese Restaurant ever!  Chicken Teriyaki came out raw!!! Gross and then the manager comes out and says all chicken should be pink or red because we use young chickens!   Attitude very poor!     I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone, food was awful!!!   We will not be back!!!
5	Favorite sushi place that isn't located in San Francisco. Maybe it isn't blindingly authentic, but it's ways fresh, fast, and friendly. The people with negative reviews on here don't know the first thing about sushi... They're also recommending RA as one of the best places to get sushi... I rest my case. Kabuki offers tons of really original stuff. The Baja roll is a spicy crab roll with pico de gallo on top--so good and refreshing. The hamachi box sushi is one of my favorites of all time. Sort of wish the edamame was warm rather than cool, but that's a personal thing.
1	Not impressed!!  Food was edible but not much more than that!  Very disappointing!  Restaurant is filthy....more dust than the desert!  Air conditioner barely working!  Food was not cooked all the way!  Rice was hard!  Drinks were blah!   First time I have ever left a 1 star for a restaurant!  Would never come back!  I would recommend you dine elsewhere
4	Kabuki roll is awesome! My only suggestions would be a little bit better quality chop sticks, and fresh wasabi!
5	The teriyaki was the bomb. And I ask for the dressing on the side of my salad. My date left her's on and hated it. The place was clean and romantic. So yah my date went we'll wink wink thanks guys. I am totally into Japanese food and this was like Japan.
3	This place is pretty good for the area in Tempe. The food is decently priced, and the happy hour has great prices; however there are not a lot of options to choose from for the happy hour. Overall, good experience.
5	Great sushi, decent prices for Tempe Marketplace. Great selections of food for the family too
4	I've been to Kabuki at least a half dozen times. We've never had a bad experience. The sushi is fresh and there are many sashimi and roll choices. If you have a person in your party who dislikes sushi there are many options on the menu. My GF loves this place and she doesn't do sushi. The service has always been good to great. If you like unagi that dragon roll is loaded with eel. I order it every time.The people giving this place a terrible review are either clueless on sushi, over critical prima donnas, or a pathetic combination of both. Sushi in the valley is hit or miss, Kabuki is as good as you'll find in Tempe, much better than the nightclub posing as a sushi joint on Mill Ave.
2	I've heard good things about this place and it always seems busy when I visit Tempe Marketplace. I just don't get it? They do give you free edamame and a 15% discount for showing your student ID but that's about all they have going for them. We ordered the Vegas (my usual staple) and the seaweed wrap was thick and hard to chew. Our other rolls seemed to have a mushy- not sticky- rice texture. The service was a bit slow and our waiter seemed out of it. Overall, we have spent less at sushi places for better quality. It's worth the 2 mile drive to SakeBombers!
1	Hostess is a bitch and rude. Last 3 times I've been here their rude. I worked in a restaurant and hate seeing the hostess here. Food is good though. If someone needs a job as a hostess show them this review and change this problem ;)
4	Picked Veggies including my favorite burdock, uni sushi, cold organic tofu with ikkura sashimi, 5 additional pices of tuna sashimi, a lychee martini and a glass of white wine, business dinner for one, $55.  All my favorite items presented with no fuss and a can do what ever you like attitude. An extensive menu with pretty common items, not much out of the ordinary.  Quality was good, not the best ever but very very acceptable.  Attentive service for my party of one.
4	So I gave Kabuki 4 stars. I think if I was just looking for sushi I would probably consider a few others first but for overall experience and other Japanese cuisine it would be in my rotation.I had the spicy tuna app and it was pretty good, spice came on a bit later but not overpowering. The miso soup was honestly one of the better versions I have had. The two guys with me ordered a lunch plate that I don't recall the name but wow it was a ton of food. I had a dragon roll and it was pretty good, great presentation. Service was very good and I'm sure I will return as it's one of the better options in Tempe Marketplace.
2	Kabuki isn't a place I go for sushi often. I have my favorite places for sushi but I was at Tempe market place and it seemed like a good idea at the time.The food itself is okay. It isn't great but it isn't horrible. It's the same quality as other chain Japanese restaurants. I had spicy miso ramen, which lacked in spiciness but had a good flavor. It lacked in substance though. They could really dress up the ramen other than few strands of seaweed, little bit of sweet corn tossed in and handful of bean sprouts. The rolls were okay. Spicy albacore left a lot of spicy to be desired, salmon was fatty and good, just lacked a lot of flavor. The eel was tough and overcooked, not to mention there were still bones so I had to be careful with it. Service was good. The waitress was fast and very polite. Definitely good service.I sat at the sushi bar with my boyfriend and let's talk about the sushi chefs. There were 3 working while I was there, Oscar, Sam and Josh. Oscan was hispanic and Sam and Josh were Korean (I promise this will matter in just a minute). I was so offended and disgusted with Josh's behavior. I'm Korean myself and speak the language fluently. I guess Josh assumed I didn't because he and Sam were speaking in Korean and Josh REPEATEDLY cursed and called Sam a derogatory name. Oscar of course did not speak Korean and when he said something to Josh (nothing bad, just about the food), Josh called him another derogatory name in Korean. I could tell from their interaction Oscar was used to Josh saying something to him in Korean and not knowing what it was. Josh just kept talking like that to his coworkers, even going into his dislike for the current job. I came to enjoy a nice lunch. Did I have to sit there and listen to this? I don't care if you think I don't speak Korean. The fact that the chef can stand there in front of customers and belittle his coworkers and talk like that is completely disrespectful. Not to mention there was another couple at the sushi bar and he talked about them as well. An employee was refilling my drink and he was not dressed like the wait staff so I asked if he was the manager and he said he was. I told him I didn't appreciate having to eat my lunch in an environment where the chef is cursing throughout my lunch and he said he will talk to them. He didn't even ask me which chef it was and instead, right in front of me, asked to see Sam. Sam went behind the curtain with the manager and within seconds, Josh followed Sam. They all came back less than a minute later and that was it. Sam and Josh was smiling and laughing when they came back to behind the bar.This was truly an absurd lunch. I will personally never return to Kabuki but if you do go, be sure to sit in the dining room, not the sushi bar, especially if you speak Korean!
4	I would give them an easy 5 if their menu wasn't this expensive. But you get what you pay for, and this place exceeds all. Tip: happy hour 3-6 ;)
1	Not to pleased with this visit.  We aren't sure if we will come back to this location.  To start we ordered the crispy rice app,  which never showed up and had to ask about at the end of our meal.  She said she was sorry and forgot to put the order in.  We also ordered the Lotus Roll, the first time we ate here it was our absolute favorite roll.  This time to our disappointment the lobster was under cooked and even a couple pieces were completely cold in the middle. Next we ordered the seafood hibachi and asked if we may substitute the clams with more shrimp.  Which they said would not be a problem.  The menu pictured 6 shrimp on a skewer and they showed up with only 6 pieces.  I asked about the extra shrimp and she apologized and said she would be right back with it.  10 min later she came back and said it only comes with 4 and they added 2 more.  Then proceeded to change the subject quickly and ask my date about here hair color and advice on coloring hair. It was just a poor experience overall.  Very disappointing for our 2nd visit and we don't really have interest in going back a third time.  Especially that location.
4	My first time being there the ice water glass was so hot from the dish washer that when the cold water was poured in it, the bottom of the glass broke and spilled all over me. I was pretty upset, however the manager rushed over and gave us free appetizers and comped our meal. The food was really good. The ramen soup is amazing! I keep going back because not only is the food good but the service is great as well!
5	I always love Kabuki. The food is always fresh and high quality and the service is always good.
4	First Japanese restaurant I've attended. Like the atmosphere and the friendly service. Getting practice eating with chop sticks,  it gets better with time. The food is nicely pepared, colorful and tasty dishes to my liking with a great portion just enough for my appetite. Great location.
5	Went to Kabuki because of their spectacular happy hour (3-6pm) specials. $2.95 bottles of Sapporo? Who would have thought that was even a thing?! When we arrived, we were seated quickly. Our waiter took our order promptly (even though apologized for arriving to our table late because of a mix up of some sorts) and we had our beers, sake, and sushi out to us in a flash.As fast as our food arrived, it disappeared. It tasted great and the presentation was spot-on. When we realized our plates were almost empty and our stomachs still weren't at maximum capacity, we ordered supplementary sushi. To our surprise, it appeared before us within 2 minutes (aka before the last pieces of sushi vanished from before us). Our conclusion was that either our waiter was a wizard or Kabuiki was just on its game. In both scenarios, we won - prompting me to give them a much deserved 5 stars.
2	Overall this place was dissapointing. It looks great inside, very hopping place. The food on the other hand was underwhelming.  Portions were small, prices were high and overall quality was mediocre.  They had a dragon roll that was $17 that's outrageous.  I had a bowl of sashimi with 10 cuts of fish... the pieces were very small and the design of the bowl made eating it difficult. Even the soba with cold dipping sauce was $8 and was maybe 1 cup of soba. The staff was friendly and on the ball which is always a plus but there is much better sushi for the prices this place was charging. Wouldn't bother returning.
5	Always a great experience here. Been coming for 6 yrs now and the food, service, and restaurants are consistent from the first one I went to in Glendale to California.
5	Went to Kabuki because I love sushi. Their have the Dragon roll, that look like the dragon lay on the plate. The Dynamite, that was a perfect combination by beaked clam, scallop, mushroom and vegetables with kabuki mayo sauce. It was delicious dish when you put it in your mouth, you can feel the fatty and aromatic of dish. Friendly service and cozy place. I'll be back!
5	Best service! great food, happy environment! Paige the bartender is sweet and accommodating! You must come enjoy kabuki!
1	We went for the first time and sat at the sushi bar, we constantly had servers reaching over us to pick up sushi orders for other guest which was very annoying. then one of the servers poured soy sauce all over my wife and I. All we got was I am sorry, didn't seem to even care so this must happen a lot...wont be back..
5	Consistently excellent!  Had dinner there last night and the service was superior, food was excellent as well.  We come to the marketplace often and the sushi is always beautifully presented and the service is consistent.  Well done, we will continue to come back!
5	I come here at least 3 times a week. My all time favorite sushi restaurant! Great food! Great staff!
5	This was my first time, bartender was super friendly and helpful, and our meal was delicious!
2	No Wi-Fi, your bill from the bar can't transfer to your table, and if at least half your party isn't there they can't give you the table you've reserved. =(
5	Kabuki is a good restaurant because food is fresh and healthy. Services are good and friendly. I like this restaurant.
5	5 years later and still an awesome place to eat.  Whenever my parents fly in from Hawaii, this is their favorite place to eat......great food at a reasonable price.  We dined there last Friday Night and our server Jessica did an awesome job.We ordered the tonkatsu, tempura soba noddles & beef sukiyaki.  All which were promptly served & tasted incredible.  Heck, my Dad saved some of his tonkatsu for leftovers to take on his flight back home the following morning.Whatever y'all are doing......keep it up!!
2	Love their food and happy hour specials. Only bummer is that the service is extremely slow and it is SO hot inside!
5	Marvelous experience! Went to Kabuki for the first time last night, I was alone and I sat at the sushi bar after having a terrible night. The staff was so friendly and helpful, they really brightened my night. They were so sweet and helpful. I ordered a salmon roll and a vegetable roll. I received my food quickly and it was presented beautifully. You can tell the cooks have a lot of passion by the way they present the food on the plate. I was very happy with my meal. It was yummy and very fresh. My waitress was wonderful, I could tell she had many other people that she was waiting on, yet she still remained so graceful under pressure and she was on top of everything. I never had to go without anything. To sum it all up, I was VERY pleased with my experience and I will definitely return, probably sometime this week with my roommate :) I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this place.
5	I already gave the Westgate one 5 stars, and this one gets no less. Again, just quite simply the best sushi for your dollar in the entire valley.
5	Amazing! I'm a sushi fanatic and LOVE this place. Everything is so flavourful and the portions are just right! I know that for sure, I'll become a regular here!!
4	Went here for a Sunday afternoon lunch. I eat gluten free and they have a separate gluten free menu as well as gluten free soy sauce. The waiter was very knowledgable on gluten free options. They also have an extensive amount of vegetarian options. The service here was great. The food was also good, I gave only 4 stars instead of 5 because the food didn't stand out to me any more than other sushi places I've been. I ordered the ramen veggie soup and a Philadelphia roll. The food came out rather quickly. There is a free edamame appetizer with any sushi order which was a pleasant surprise.
5	I want to than Gina for taking great care of my friend and I. We had an issue w/ our bbg ribs & she jump on it right away! They are out favorite! She's awesome! Thank you again! :-)
4	Great place for kids...Good food. Good service. Not a chain fan, but this place is worth it.
4	The experience in Kabuki was great and everyone enjoy it. I still not sure the food that served in Kabuki is authentic or not, but I definitely like every food that served in there! But due to there is not enough stuff in the soup of udon, which I ordered every time, I will give it four and half star to Kabuki, and I am looking forward to see their improvements and some new dishes in the future.
5	The service is Kabuki restaurant is good!! And California roll was so amazing!! Its flavor is quite good and fresh. Also, it is spicy and tasty.
5	Love this place. Just joined there loyalty program and already almost earned a $25 gift card for coming so often. This is my wife and myself go to spot. We always try and bring people here.
5	We have been in Phoenix for a week eating out and I told my husband that this was the best food we have had all week. He answered by saying it was the best food he has ever eaten at a restaurant anywhere!! We are from the Sacramento area up in the foothills. We have eaten all over the world. This is by far the best overall. Not just Japanese food alone, but any  kind, anywhere!  When we return, we will not miss eating here again. Kudos to everyone from the moment we entered and left with big smiles on our faces.
4	Great atmosphere and a huge place.  They definitely put some thought into the build-out.  Their specialty rolls are pretty good for the most part and the service is on point.  Some of the menus and soy sauce containers were a bit sticky and dirty but nothing that would prevent me from returning.
5	This place is awesome. They have the best sushi for a reasonable price and the customer service is always great. Every Monday, it's Happy Hour all day which is a huge plus. Also, I'd like to point out that Jay, the gentleman that works behind the sushi bar is amazing! He is the friendliest man and knows how to make the best dynamite roll!
5	Today I was just plain tired or just a hungry monkey drained of energy and cold. The hunt for Chasu ramen was found here!! Found some slices of nice marbled fatty sweet pork, bean sprouts, oodles of noodles, sprinkled green onions all in the light based broth. Mmm hot soup in the belly was comforting. :)  also came with a choice of side salad or miso soup. The spider roll is also a great choice if you like soft shell crab. Veggie ramen was peppery salty with a kick of spice and lots of greens. Service was super!! Merry Christmas Eve!
5	Loved it
4	We sat at the sushi bar. The sushi was delicious! The service was slow, and the sushi chef was slammed. I also ordered a chicken and steak dinner which took a long time to receive, and it was cold like it was sitting a while before being delivered to my table. 4 stars because the sushi was awesome and I will be back for more!
5	This place is awesome. They have the best sushi for a reasonable price and the customer service is always great. Every Monday, it's Happy Hour all day which is a huge plus. Also, I'd like to point out that Jay, the gentleman that works behind the sushi bar is amazing! He is the friendliest man and knows how to make the best dynamite roll!
4	Service was just alright but the food was fantastic. 2nd: had a more sociable waitress and host. Went for happy hour, awesome specials during happy hour. Got fried calamari rings, 2 orders of Philadelphia rolls, edamame, the surprisingly good and affordable house sake
4	The gold rush, Vegas roll, Alaskan, are the rolls that keep me coming back! I am not a person who loves seafood, but I love Kabuki's sushi. Kubuki is the only place that I eat sushi at! The happy hour is mon-fri 3pm-6pm.
3	They had a ton of options. The service was great but they brought the food out at different times so some people were eating while others didn't have their food yet. Overall, good experience.
