3	Like a lot of inner city pharmacies, this Rite Aide is pretty cramped with myriad and myriad selection of goods. But the staff are friendly and the store is kept clean and organized. The store is open until 9pm, except on Sunday when it closes by 7pm. The pharmacy offers a drive through window from the parking lot if you are looking for your prescriptions in a hurry. It also features a full array of photo printing services if that is your interest, but this isn't one of the Rite Aide's that has an extended selection of groceries. As an added bonus, if you are my mother-in-law you will find this Rite Aide up to the task of supplying most of your perfect Christmas gift finds for your family members.
3	I'm not sure when it happened, but this Rite Aid has added a full-on food section. I thought the aisles looked like they were closer together...In terms of food, they basically have everything you'd find at a gas station with an extended mini mart with lots of drink options, dry and canned foods to prepare for sides or meals, and lots of snacks.
2	I know you are downtown and probably constantly busy, but this place is a hot mess. I went to pick up a prescription that they called me to tell me was ready. I get there and wait in line (behind one other person) for 5-10 minutes. The pharmacist is talking soooo loud that I now know this lady's whole medical history and her DSM diagnosis (EEK). Then, my prescription isn't even filled?? Why did you call me then? Whatever, CVS is closer to the casa anyways.
4	Wow, this Rite Aid has really stepped up its game! Recently renovated in the last year or so, this location has a much greater selection of everything, and it looks great on the inside. A particular highlight is now this branch offers a much greater selection of food, which is great when you need to stop in and grab a couple of items. I can now do a lot of my last-minute shopping here without having to stop into the Giant Eagle Market District, which is typically a nightmare. Two thumbs up for the upgrade!
