3	Went here for lunch with a friend.  I ordered the Nachos with no meat.  It was a pretty large serving and came topped with Cheese, Beans, Sour Cream, Guacamole, Salsa, Rice.I was surprised that they put rice on their Nachos.  I've never eaten Nachos with rice before.  It was not too bad.  I thought the rice was bland and didn't add to the flavor, but it gave an interesting texture to it.  I requested the spiciest salsa they had but it wasn't that spicy at all....I guess they make it for most Gringos.  I thought the Pinto beans were ok, but could have used a little more flavor.  The chips were not home made but were of good quality.  Overall, not bad.My friend had a Barbacoa Pork Burrito....the portion was huge!  He liked it alot.One cool thing they had was a large selection of Hot Sauce.  I tried a few of the really spicy ones and they packed some punch.  I'm curious about their burritos & tacos and will try them if I eat there again.Will I return?  At some point, probably....but it's not my 1st or 2nd choice.
3	I had the fire grilled steak tostada and it was pretty good. It could have had some more steak though. It was fully loaded and the flavors were great.
5	Cafe Rio has quickly become my favorite place to eat out. The food is great, and the atmosphere is great for families, couples, or groups! Plus, they have Apple Beer!
5	very tasty ... tasted gourmetish ( make up words) ... for only 9$ it kept me fed for lunch as well as dinner
4	Been meaning to try this place for a while, we'll definitely return.  Their hottest sauce not very hot but with the variety of bottled sauces they make available to you makes up for it.  I'm a big fan of queso and chips and this place does have fresh yummy chips and their queso was very good, a bit salty but good.
4	I liked this place. They are very fast and the food is fresh. I enjoyed watching the lady making the tortillas. We ordered nachos and 2 cheese enchiladas. They were both very good. The atmosphere is fun and chill. Something that did make me sick a little bit was that they didn't have soap in the bathroom and I was wondering if employees use the same bathroom..... iickkkk
5	At a dental office next door to this place, was super hungry so i went a cross while wating for my GF, and was surprised with the quality of food here and the taste, i would call this place an Upgraded version of Chipotle, I loved it. Same concept, fresher and more options than chipotle including fish... great Salads with amazing dressings, they give you a lot of food and are not stingy with the portions. I just found out that there is one in Tustin right by my house as well. I am sure they are going to be popping up everywhere pretty soon, so if i were you i would try this place out, amazing taste, friendly staff, super fresh...My new go to place over chipotle for sure!
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant.  The employees are very friendly and created a fun atmosphere.  And, the food is good, too!  I hope we get a Cafe Rio in our part of Southern California soon.
5	Love the BBQ pork on the tostada. If I'm really hungry I'll get the salad. The salad dressings are tasty. Fast service. Get a frequent dining card.
4	not a bad option for fast mexicanish food its got the ish because you know someone grandma didnt make it....lol anyway we ordered a large helping of nachos and and 2 cheese enchilada they all were good and the staff was helpful and the restaurant was clean !!
4	Good place to pick up some fresh Mexican food. We ordered a barbacoa burrito, steak quesadilla, and chicken quesadilla.  As far as the burrito is concerned, I would say it's slightly smaller than a Chipotle burrito, but better tasting. Overall everything tasted good and was fresh. I would definitely return here again.
5	Awesome food. Great place to eat. People are really friendly.
4	What can i say some top of the line Mexican fast food. I love Mexican food and this was a good place. Everything here looks pretty good. But the best was the barbacoa pork and i also enjoying the Mexican style spaghetti. I'll definitely be back
4	I have been here a few hundred times.  Well maybe more like twenty.I know cafe Rio is a chain but they make pretty tasty food fast and cheap!  I usually go or the chicken tostada.  I like it better than the salad because they use the shredded romaine lettuce.  Also, Fideo Fridays!the only thing I don't like is they shout "extra ...." if you order something extra.  It is obnoxious.  So I was like 2 can play this game...Jason - "extra meat please."Cafe Rio Employees - "EXTRA MEAT!"Jason - "can I have extra a little lettuce."Cafe Rio Employees - "EXTRA LETTUCE!"Jason - "Can I have extra cheese please?"Cafe Rio Employees - "EXTRA CHEESE!"Jason - "Can I have extra cheese chip strips?"Cafe Rio Employees - "extra chips...."Jason - "can I have Extra cilantro?"Cafe Rio Employees - "extra cilan......"  I thought it was funny.
4	Let me just start out by saying I am not a big pork fan, but Cafe Rio's sweet pork barbacoa burrito is TO DIE FOR!  I could eat this everyday and not get tired of it.I've even tried to find yucatan-style pork recipes in the attempt to duplicate this at home and it's been a "bust" so far....Not too crazy about their chips; I prefer the lighter color, no cornmeal type, but I DO love their homemade tortillas and often order extras to take home. Also love their mint limeade drink; will definitely try to duplicate that at home since I have lots of mint growing in the yard!Between Baja Fresh and Cafe Rio; it's a "toss" as to which one is my favorite.
3	Only 3 stars because the cashier was rude and argumentative. I do not like it when the service forgets who the customer is, and that I have a choice where I spend my money. The food was excellent,and the service up until the cashier was perfect. This was the second time that this same lady was rude, the management should not have her communicating with customers. The bathrooms were dirty, and the floors needed mopped... that's where she belonged.
3	The food is ok at best. Personally I think it's a bit over priced for Mexican food since there's better options if you're looking for Mexican fast food in Vegas.
4	Tried this place for the first time. I am a big Chipotle fan, and will probably remain a Chipotle fan. This place was pretty good, just not as good as others. The enchilada style is kind of cool, but this place is trying to gain a buck around every corner. Their burritos are expensive as it is, then they add extra for things like sour cream or making it enchilada style and the drinks are pricey as well. The steak was burnt, but the pork was sweet and very tasty. The tortilla's are sub par compared to Chipotle's as well. The rice isn't as tasty either. You might be thinking, why did they get a four then. Well the food was good enough and plenty enough. The service was fine, not much they could do for fast food mexican restraunt. They had a lot of choices for your drink. Lots of interesting teas, lemonade, and all your standard sodas.
5	I LOVE this place. I've been here 3 times. I'm not from this state of its not that often I can eat here. The food is delicious and the portions are large. The staff is really friendly and helpful. I can eat here everyday. :)
1	The standard chain burrito joint, that lacks flavor and is way overpriced. The burritos are very wet, meaning by the time you eat half of it, the other half will fall apart so ask for a fork.
5	This place gives you BIG portions and it will fill you up for the day (if you eat this between lunch and dinner).  I recommend the Pork Barbacoa (it is sweet.... they use Coca Cola in the recipe)  The salads are so wonderful with the creamy tomatillo dressing.  My husband loves the enchilada style chicken burrito.  It may be a little pricier than other burrito joints, but it's healthier and worth it!
1	Came here a few months back and thought to try again after pretty bad customer service.  we stood in the line with no one ahead of us while two employees carried on with their  conversation.  Food was good but service left me a bad taste for this restaurant.
5	Cafe Rio, where do I start? This place is one of the better Mexican places that one can go to. It's set up like most "fast food" Mexican places. You tell the person what you want, pick your meat and toppings and then pay at the end. The service is usually good and they aren't stingy with the toppings.Now for the food. Mark my words. Cafe Rio has some of the BEST Barbacoa on this earth. Whether it's in a burrito or topping a salad or nachos you can't go wrong. I've tried the fire-grilled chicken and steak and it just can't compete with the Pork. If you order a burrito you can get it enchilada style (covered in sauce) or regular. The burrito is huge and almost enough for 2 meals. The salads are definitely enough for 2 meals. Just yesterday I ate the greens out of the salad for one meal, then rolled it up into a burrito for a 2nd meal. The nachos are amazing. Loaded and nice crispy house-made chips.These are great, but they can't even compare to the greatness that is Cafe Rio's Queso Dip. Once you have it, it is life-changing. I like to call it spackle for your insides. Once you eat it, it fills every nook and cranny in your stomach leaving you full and satisfied. It's hard to put how good it is in words.So go to Cafe Rio. I guarantee you'll find something there that you'll love.
1	No! Service was fairly rude, to begin with. Then the food was just bad. I ordered the sweet pork barbacoa and, yes, it is sweet. VERY, VERY SWEET. It tasted like meat candy. Then, on the side I got a helping of hard rice. It was probably 5-10 from being fully cooked. No desire to come back here. Why do people love this place?
3	Totally decent, fast Mexican food. The salads and tacos are good, but recently I've been stuck on the chicken enchiladas. (Don't forget to order extra verde sauce to cover the rice.) The employees check in with you at regular intervals during the food prep process to make sure you want the added pico, lettuce and cheese, etc... (and you do!:))I've never had anything but friendly service here, but I almost always end up at Zaba's instead when I'm craving a quick Mexican treat. Cafe Rio just doesn't always taste as fresh as I would hope for. But with the frequent dining card deals and the huge portions there's no denying it's filling food at a good price.
1	Their food is OK but the employees are a bunch of idiots and rude people. They don't ask for what you want and they get bitchy if ask for anything like salsa for your tacos! We won't be coming back here ever. They need a manager.
1	Been there a bunch of times and can say decent food crappy attitude until today now even the food is bad. Poor prep employees just don't care. Time for a new manager.
4	As far as fast food slash quick Mexican food goes this is pretty good. Queso with chips is always yummy. I enjoy the salad with tortilla on the side. My son always gets the pork barbosa. Top it off with the mint lemon aid.
1	Although food is good customer service is terrible they always ask what you have they constantly mess up orders they don't listen and they play around too much. Been here over 12 times because it's the closest to my house but man i will be going to the centennial one because they actually pay attention to the order and the customer.
2	Still some great food but the proportions are getting smaller. They seem to be giving less esp on the meat.
1	Still over rated.Cafe Rio is a crumby version of all of your local Hispanic and South American foods, crammed into one bland menu.I was asked to stop here on my way to an event. Upon trying to order for a couple people, I learned that there is no flexibility in the items. You can take what they offer in only certain arrangements, otherwise, everything is full price and cannot be made with other toppings. They got the order wrong twice, then looked at me like I had 3 heads and a tail when I told them that I did not want chips, beans, and rice with the meal. All that stress for drastically over priced, low quality food.Totally not worth is.Near ANY Cafe Rio in town, you will find a Roberto's or other spot for tacos, burritos and nachos... so skip this garbage and at least go to a place where the staff is friendly and helpful.
4	We decided to try this place out after shopping at Costco.  The staff was friendly enough.  I got beef and pork tacos and the husband ordered a chicken quesadilla.  The food is very good for fast food.  I just wish that they had some mild sauces because not everyone likes hot sauce and burn your ass sauce.  Also, the counter is too high.  Little people like me can't see what's going on with our food! :)
2	Eh, I love & hate you CR...Right now, I hate you! Tryed your online ordering for the first time and probably the last time. When I got there I went to the p/u line. You guys didn't even have my order online? Hmmm, lady at counter said it takes 15 minutes to come up after you order? Not cool but what ever. I've been charged for it already so I'll wait. Tick * Tock * 15 minutes pass, I get up and walk back over to the lady to see if it is up, it is. Woo-who! So she said they'll start to make it. Alright, cool. Took 35 more minutes!? Oh come on now, I just got off work, all I want is my damn cheese enchiladas and my chips & guac!I know you guys get extremely busy but there was no reason for my order to take that long! Geez
4	Get the burritos enchilada style for that extra cheese and red sauce. The burritos themselves are very fat and filling! I recommend the sweet barbacoa pork, it's different from traditional barbacoa but it's still delicious.
1	This used to be one of my favorite restaurants, but nothing good lasts forever. The manager is a joke, I asked if they weren't going to have any mint limeade, the best part of Cafe Rio and he apologized and said there was no excuse. That's it? No we'll make more, nothing. The place has gone down hill and the manager is the reason. Food quality and service quality are just terrible.
3	My husband and I love cafe rio. I've been to almost all of them in Utah but this cafe rio in particular isn't up to par with the other ones. The rice is usually overlooked or undercooked. No one there knows the proper way to present the tres leches by flipping on a small plate adding whipped cream and sliced strawberries. They just hand it to you in one of the tin containers with a plastic top. I even told them they didn't make it right and they had no idea what I was talking about. Anyway that's my rant.
1	This place is disgusting! I guess the inmates run the joint because it was filthy, disorganized and the service is non-existent!!!wouldn't go back if they were giving this crap away.
2	The food isn't bad, but it could be a whole lot better.   It was missing some heat.  If the food was spicier and the if the rice were more authentic I would be a fan.
3	Fresh food. You can see them make it as you order it. Great prices as well.
1	Terrible customer service. Will not return.  Small portions for the price. This location is very stingy with the portions. I'll go to robertos.
4	Cleanliness: 4 starsThis establishment is clean but not spotless, the restrooms have a clean appearance but a small odor to it. The outdoor dining area doesn't have a trash can and people seem to just leave their waste on the tables.Hospitality: 4 StarsThe employees were kind, and made eye contact while I placed my order. However, it appears they are understaffed or lacked leadership as most were quick to the point with customers but openly joking amongst one another at the expense of the customer. Food: 3 starsConsistent with quality, and flavor. Only draw back is the food isn't as good for take out. The dishes seem to get cold fast and needed to be reheated. Overall: 4 starsBe prepared to be patient in line, and double check your order. The food is worth some of the shenanigans that seem to be normal with this restaurant.
