5	So typically when I go shopping for ANYTHING I try to leave my 15 month old behind.  Alas when it comes to his footwear he must tag along.  At such a young age he has to be fitted and see if he can properly walk in a shoe.  An ill fitting shoe on a little one can really mess up their feet, growth etc.Anyways shopping with him is a royal pain.  He attempts to yank down every display in site.  Throws his crackers on the ground and just generally makes A LOT of noise.  Luckily there is Kixx.  For starters the huge bonus is it's a free standing store in the Park Towne Shopping Center.  This is a huge bonus because I don't have to find a place to park, walk a mile to get into the building and then walk another mile until I get to the store I'm seeking.Another huge bonus is the VERY understanding staff.  They don't mind or seem to be bothered that my son is bound and determined to take every shoe off the display and put it somewhere else.  They don't seem to mind his cracker crumbs or loud unnecessary squawking.  They are super helpful and are not EVER in a rush to get me out of the store to get rid of my kid.  They have all the great kid shoe brands, Stride Rite, See Kai Run, Rainbows, Uggs, Toms.  Another bonus is if they don't have what you want they of course will order it for you.  But the real BONUS, when they call to tell you it's arrived they ask when you will be coming by to pick it up and the BRING it out to your car so you don't have to unload the 15 month old octopus you wrangled into the car seat in the first place.Super helpful, loads of shoe choices and best of all they LIKE kids.  A fabulous experience all the way around
1	At first this store seems nice, but when you realize that you are paying double what you should be for a made in China pair of shoes, the luster quickly fades.  The products are just "okay," but in my opinion, they should be top-notch at $60+ per pair for kids' shoes! The owners do not stand behind their products, so don't expect them to care if your child's shoe breaks within the first five times of wearing them. The employees also act like jerks if you ask to see shoes that are on sale.The fact is that I took advantage of their big sale in late Aug/Sept. when I purchased three pairs of shoes, which is the only reason it took so long to realize that one of the pairs was defective. I hardly ever return things because it is usually more hassle than it's worth, but in this case I thought it was warranted due to the brand of shoe and the caliber of store. I felt that if I was the owner, I would not have wanted my customer to only get five uses (not even whole days each use) out of shoes purchased at my store. However, the reason I was so upset was not that my daughter's shoe was defective (hey, things happen!) It was the attitude of the employee. I have been a manager in the retail, service, and restaurant industries and I was absolutely appalled and offended by her tone and overall attitude. She actually said, "if we just replaced every defective shoe...." Then, she said there was nothing more she could do for me. I had to then leave the store and call the shoe manufacturer myself, who told me they'd be glad to fix it and apologized like any decent business does, whether they want to or not! Then I had to make 2 more trips to the store after that so that Kixx could send the shoes to the manufacturer for repair per the manufacturer's instructions. I don't live close by, so it would have been nice if Kixx offered to ship the shoes back to me after the repair was made...Buyer beware! They are sweet as pie until you encounter a problem!  ***Update- 7/3/13- The owner of this store is now harassing me via email to take down my HONEST review. This just shows what kind of business they're running. If customers cannot submit honest, fair, and accurate reviews based on personal experience, then there is something fundamentally wrong with the owners' approaches.   P.S.- I now get Pediped shoes from Amazon for less money and hassle. They arrive at my door within 48 hours
5	I have four children and have been buying shoes from Kixx since they opened in 2008. Growing up, my parents owned a children's shoe store, so I am a stickler for quality and my children having a proper fit for their shoes. From my experience, not only do they have the best selection in Charlotte, but the store has an extremely kid friendly environment and the staff is knowledgeable and accommodating. I highly recommend Kixx to any parent looking to provide quality footwear for their children with a pleasurable experience!
5	Best customer service.  What sets this place apart is the attention you get from the people who truly care about you getting the right pair of shoes.  This may cause you to wait a little bit longer if you go at a very busy time.  Often, I've come here thinking I want something specific for my daughters and they are so patient about getting them fitted, and helping them choose the right pair of shoes that they will not outgrow in 2 seconds.
