5	The service here is great! Nice hometown friendly feel to it. And the food is pretty damn good as well!!!!
5	Delicious!!!! Hands down juiciest meat we have had in a long time. Very friendly, sauce was out of this world, decent pricing, fresh bread, delicious onion rings, an overall great experience! Definitely has become a family favorite.
4	enjoyed my meal tonight at KB, I enjoyed a pulled pork sandwhich and the wife had the pork ribs.Sandwich was very tasty, tender and had good flavor - wasn't over sauced which was nice but they brought a side of sauce which hit the spot.  The toasted bun (YUM!) and the fries were pretty good as well.I didn't have the ribs (OK I had a sample) and also seemed very good.Very friendly place with "patio" seating too boot!We will certainly be back for more!
4	Been back 2 more times and we really like the food!  Very tasty, full of flavor and tender meats!  Pat (owner) really nice guy who really does care about the food he is serving!Come try the brisket, very tender!
1	This place used to be another bbq house restuarant which I didn't like, expensive for the food you get and taste was so so.. not the best.  So now, it's still a bbq place but under different name, KB smokehouse.  I think to myself maybe I should give it  a try again.  Big mistake, waste of my $10. I ordered the brisket sandwich meal, came with fries and soda.  Brisket serving was not a lot and 1/3 of it is all fat, eeh!  The meat was tender but lacking of sauce.  Fries were soggy. I asked the cashier if I can have onion rings instead and she said it's a dollar more. WTH! That I don't understand, where the price difference between the two is only 25 cents, why would she charged me $ 1 more. Go figure...  Then the fountain sodas, most of them are out of order.  Anyways, I think it's a disappointment.  Not going back there again.
5	I was disapointed when Appetites vacated this spot, but have to admit I really like the product at KB Smokehouse.We were looking for a place to round out some side dishes to some home made pulled pork, so my wife went in and was able to sample some sides and brought home some food for dinner.The smoked ham sandwich was very good.  The Mac & Cheese was amazing - a meal by itself when you consider the bacon topping.For our picnic we settled on the baked beans & potato salad.  Both were excellent and drew rave reviews from our guests.  The service by the owners was also top notch.Only downside is that I think I have formed an addiction to the baked beans.  There is a whole lot of good flavors and complexity in those beans.I look forward to more indulgences in the future.Thanks for helping us put on a good party!
5	Seen multiple BBQ places over the years at this location and this is by far the BEST. LOVE the cornbread. The brisket sandwich I had was awesome. And the owner was really nice and we had great service. I will definitely be going back. Most likely within a week or two. It's worth the drive from Scottsdale for me... but also my friend lives within walking distance, lol.Side note: no kids menu (environment is fine for a kid) but if your kid loves mac and cheese like mine does, just order the mac and cheese appetizer for them and they'll be happy. :)
3	Meant to take my sister to Fritzi's nearby when she visited during Thanksgiving week, but unfortunately it was closed the day prior to turkey day. We turned to Yelp, of course, in search of fulfilling our BBQ craving and came across this place. The locale is quite small. Service was friendly, but not the best. We had to ask for napkins and utensils after they had dropped off our food at our table. Beside the corn (which was awesome!)  I was not really impressed by anything else. I had the brisket and my sister had the pulled pork sandwich. Brisket was a little fatty, but the pork was decent. The bread becomes so soggy though that you have to eat the sandwich with your fork...which is okay with me, but only when I'm eating an open face sandwhich covered with cole slaw and tons of delicious bbq pork! I like to dig into my bbq using both hands (Mmm, finger licking good!). Not a fan of having to pick up a closed sandwhich with your fork. Will only return if Fritzi's ever closes - god forbid!
5	Update: They got a BYOB license for beer and wine. :)
5	Juicy, tender, smokey, tangy ribs are the bomb here. The workesr are really nice and the overall enviroment is really chill. They also have a giant TV albeit a little discolored but games are always on. Highly recommended if you want some BBQ
4	Great dinner again tonight, had the 2 meat combo of Ribs and brisket. Not as "off the bone" as before but still effing delicious. Owner is there today and he is very friendly and is on top of everything. As soon as your drink runs out he will be refilling it mean while bringing you some extra napkins.Their old tv is gone, I asked him and he told me they have wall mounts set up ready for a new flat screen TV. Nice upgrade!again, you can BYOB.
1	CLOSED 8/1 - KB Smokehouse & BBQ was locked out of their establishment by the landlord and are now closed.  We had noticed the last couple times we had eaten at KB Smokehouse & BBQ that the quality and things just didn't seem the same.  Sorry Pat, you had a good thing going but guess it didn't work out in the end.
