1	As a resident, this place is poorly constructed.  I've talked to other residents at the pool and come to find I don't have the same opinion.  You can hear whomever lives above you walk around all night long (and it's loud if they have hardwood (laminate) floor, hear your neighbors have sex, residents going up the stairs (which sounds like a herd of animals).  If you get annoyed easily, either live at the top floor or don't live here and live somewhere cheaper.  If you are a light sleeper, live on the desert side as in the middle of the night cars/motorcycles speed on 68th.I regreted moving in here after a few weeks and cannot wait until my lease is up.  Other residents I've gotten to know hold the same opinion.  Parking is terrible.  Like the other comment says, your friends will have a brisk walk unless you live near the larger parking lot.I will say on a positive note, the on site staff is very nice and helpful.  Mainenance is quick to tend to replacing the air filter or any other issues.  Other than that, for the price you pay (and it's high), it's not worth the location and it's NOT worth the frustration.
5	Huge fan of Barossa at Paradise Ridge. Moved in in December 2010 and enjoyed our stay for a year and moved to the east coast. After a few short months, we're moving back in for another year at Barossa. The complex is new, modern and attractive. Great for dogs with the large open area next to the property and the nature preserve behind it. The pool and hot tub are nice, we actually used the BBQ area, and the exercise room is pretty nice, too. The best part about Barossa is the staff. Stacey, Ron and team really, really impress me. They've gone out of their way for me numerous times and it's obvious they take great pride in the community. I'll be frank, no property is perfect, especially if you fail to keep in context this is an apartment complex with a lot of people living in a small space. Sure, I've hear my neighbors a few times, the parking can get tight on the weekends, but keep it all in perspective. Rent is reasonable, it's all new and very modern/attractive, you're right in N. Scottsdale, walking distance from Life Time Fitness, close to shopping and parks... if you're not able to own your own home in N. Scottsdale and need to rent, Barossa is a no-brainer if you ask me. Very happy resident and look forward to returning.
5	I've been here for almost 2 years and love our little community! It's been the perfect set up and the views from our balcony on to the desert are incredible. The community is quiet for being an apartment complex and the staff is incredibly friendly. I don't think I've ever waited more than 24 hours for a maintenance request to be completed and the management is incredibly considerate of their tenants. We have a 2 bedroom with hardwood floor and everything is holding up incredibly well and I'm constantly complimented on the space by visitors. The rent is good for the location!! You are right next to Whole Foods, Lifetime Fitness, 10 minutes from DC Ranch, and 5 from both Kierland and Scottsdale Quarter. Oh and you're sharing a road basically with the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess. This is prime real estate. We're moving in to a house to accomodate our growing family in a few months but I'm going to miss this place!
5	Very nice layout on the units, with good use of space.  The pool is very nice for a quick dip!  The compact workout center has a good use of space with very nice equipment.  But the real plus here is the very nice staff!  Everyone is friendly and helpful.  Bottom line - Good place and good people make this a good choice!
4	I've been here since late July and figured I would wait a few months to see how I like the apartment before I write a review. Compared to other apartment complex reviews that I've seen about unfriendly staff, Verde wins this. With such a small number of apartments they can actually get things done in a timely manner, including maintenance requests, although the only requests I've had are my lightbulbs.I live in the A1 floorplan and coming from NYC this place feels huge, it may not feel that way for you. I have a rug and no balcony and I paid in the mid 800s but that was in July, prices go up in the winter. One thing to note is you will be taxed on your rent which is an additional $15/month for me + water, sewage, garbage, which is another $20 or so, keep that in mind, either I wasn't told that when I was looking or I wasn't paying attention. During the summer my electric bill was around $85 (I'm a stickler when it comes to electricity and running my A/C, I kept my apartment at 82 during the day and 74 at night. I assume if you have it running all day you'll get hit pretty hard. The ceiling fans are nice and help a bit. I haven't run my A/C much in November and I believe my bill was around $40.The pool area is small and gets shady pretty quickly and the walls are a bit thing, but I'm on the third floor, I can hear a dog barking in the apartment next to me, but that's what you get with apartment living. My apartment is dusty, I keep the windows open, so you'll need a vacuum if you get an apartment with a rug, if I had known the amount of dust that's in AZ i may have splurged for hardwood. The workout room is small but functional, I belong to the 24 hr fitness down the road and it's cheap.I do like living here and there's a very good chance I'll renew my lease in July.
3	After 3 years of living here (I'm now moved out), it's about time I wrote my review about this place!Unit: I lived in the bottom floor unit the entire term of the lease. Immediately there was a problem in the fact that there were no lights on the ceiling fans... not sure if that's the standard but come on. I bought my own and installed them, problem fixed. The unit was beautiful with very high ceilings, granite counter tops, and hardwood floors. Layout was "ok" I kind of had a gripe with my kitchen table being in the way of everything, but the table was a bit large (square). Other than that, the kitchen was kind of small but lots of storage space, full side-by-side washer/dryer, and a good sized closet despite not being a walk-in. Build quality was probably 3.5/5 stars if I had to rate.Garage: Garage was tiny, my 328i barely fit, not sure how some people fit their larger cars, let alone some SUV's. Once in a while I would see a vehicle that just wouldn't fit and it's butt/nose would be sticking out. Detached, but not too far from my unit.Parking: Visitor parking was super-volatile throughout the 3 year period. I purposely got a unit near the open visitor parking area as I didn't want any visitors to my place have to walk far just to park (omg so annoying). Sometimes it would be empty for weeks and sometimes it would be so packed that you'd see cars parked outside the complex along the street illegally, but it's not like they really had any other choice, unless they parked illegally somewhere else.Amenities: I didn't use much of the small pool or the gym (small complex, so it didn't really need large pool), but they had BBQ grills outside and a Jacuzzi to complement the pool.Neighbors: This is purely from my experience, and some things the apartment just can't control. Near the end of my 3rd year lease, I had some really disgusting neighbors. Trash near their apartment, packaging materials sprawled out in the walking area, and one time someone emptied their vacuum onto the small gravel area right near everyone's walkway (disgusting!!). Noise was a bit of an issue, as my upstairs neighbors (3 different families/couples) that lived above me were not aware that they lived above someone else - quite the stompers; I did not complain as my lease was ending anyways, but a definite factor on my decision to terminate the lease. Another was the pet issue - in my last few months there it was very clean and well controlled, but the majority of the time there were pet droppings that weren't cleaned up and I had to complain to the front office (once again not the apt's fault, irresponsible pet owners).Wildlife: There were some critters out there over the 3 years, from a baby bat, to a baby rattlesnake (scary! but no harm done), some crazy looking spiders, but the apartment did a good job of keeping them out of my unit.Office Staff: Through my 3 year tenure at Verde (Barossa at first), the office staff changed quite a bit, and none were bad nor awesome, except Nicole who was one of the best but I do not believe she was there by the time my lease had ended.Overall, my experience was a decent one, what you'd typically expect from apartment living. Would I recommend it? Sure, if you pay the rent that they are offering now vs what I paid for when I first moved in and paid for until I moved out. :)
5	I moved out Dec 14th...I was there for 1yr 1/2..It was named Barasso when I first got there and then it was sold this past August...Nicole was the manager when I first arrived..She was outstanding !!!! She was there from the beginning ( 5yrs or so) ...I am surprised the new owners of the Complex would let her leave or would fire her either way a bad move on their part.......New management took over about a month or so ago...They seem very pleasant..I had Veronica do my walk thru when it was time for me to turn in my keys...Veronica was very helpful and overrall very nice...The location of this complex is great...Its a small complex which is nice...Thanks for everything..
