4	My only complaint is that they won't refill a prescription over the phone. You have to make an appointment to see someone and pay a co-pay. Other than that, this place ROCKS. I see Maria Jaten, a nurse practitioner. She's the most amazing provider have ever had and I would rearrange my schedule to see her instead of getting right in with someone else.
1	This practice has no idea what they are doing and from the impression I received from the six people I encountered during my two visits to this awful office, they are truly incompetent. My first visit I scheduled an appointment because I was sick, exhausted, and hadn't been myself for about two weeks. The doctor told me my body was just 'catching up' and had no advice to offer me or medication to prescribe. So I continued to be sick for another two weeks. Her only solution was for me to get my blood drawn to see if anything abnormal was revealed. I never received the results of the lab tests, so when I called two weeks later to inquire about them, there was no 'message' on the voice mail for my patient ID. I called the front desk to ask about it, and she said the doctor's assistant would call me back. The next day she left a message saying 'we need to setup a time to go over your lab results.' I called back shortly after, and the assistant was already gone (Thursday afternoon) and wouldn't be back until Monday.  She never called me back, and I called two more times to get some answer and I never received any information or a call back from the 'doctor's assistant.'The doctor wanted to scheduled a follow-up the next time I was in town, which took place today. After talking to me for 2 minutes, the doctor (a different one from the first time I went) abruptly examined me and then sent her assistant in to tell me I couldn't receive the Depo Provera shot I was scheduled for (a form of birth control taken every three months) and then wouldn't give me any alternate prescription for birth control because she was in a hurry to leave the office. My dad is a patient there, and instead of receiving the flu shot he was supposed to, they "accidentally" gave him the Gardasil shot, which is one of a series of shots to prevent certain forms of HPV in WOMEN. I will never go back there again, and I strongly advise you not to- unless you want the worse service you can pay for. Huge waste of time and money, and now I am back at square one.
1	First of all , I only when there to see my Dr. who had moved over there from my old Dr.'s  office.  Something got mixed up with the appointment time and I had to reschedule.  Instead of setting me up with my DR. they had me see the nurse practitioner the next day, she is not a Dr. anyway she could not help me because she did not know enough about the issue I went to see my Dr. for.  She told me she would not charge me for the visit because of that. However she set me up to come back for some blood work.  I came back two weeks later and they wanted to do some extensive physical I opted for the blood test only since that was all I needed.  I WAS charged for the first visit, and never did see my Dr.  Then I was informed that my Dr. had either left, or was sick and could not see me and there was no other Dr. that could help me with my issueI had to talk to three people there to have my blood test results sent to my old doctor, finally after being told by two people previously that they would send them, Amber in the billing department finally helped me, it turned out that I had to sign something which neither of the two people before her mentioned.My test results would have NEVER been sent, tests that I paid for that revealed something was not right. l will be seeing my old qualified Dr. on Monday and will never be back to WFP.
4	I've been a patient here for 5 years and I've been extremely satisfied with Mike Hudson, PA. I've also seen Maria Jaten FNP and Brita Overly PA who are amazing providers friendly with good bedside manners! So far the exams provided have been covered by my insurance plan and since they don't refill prescriptions over the phone I make sure I get refills when I go in sick or during my annual exam to cover me for the year (since I choose to do prescription mail order). My only complaint is that there is a front office girl that has a dry personality and comes off rude luckily I don't have to deal with her all the time. I do have to admit on my first visit (5 yrs ago) I was seen by a PA I did not care for. I simply chose to see a different practitioner and have been happy with them since.
5	I ha e been coming here for about 6 years (before they were even at this new location) and have always had excellent service.  I had several medical problems (sleep, knee, back) that other doctors offices couldn't seem to help me with.  Paul (the physician I regulary see) if he can't personally help, he has spot on perfect referals.  My life has been completly changed since coming here.  I never seem to have problems getting an appointment, and unlike other places I used to go to there is very little wait time.   I have sent friends and family here, and all have left happy.
4	I have been coming here for years.  The staff is always polite and I have never had any issues.  I see my regular doctor and my allergist here.  While I am not a fan of co-pays for every visit, I have not had any problems with getting lab work done or identifying potential issues from my blood work.  I recommend the facility if you are in the area and in need of a family physician.
5	Im writing because seriously in 29 years of being alive today was the best experience I have ever had with a doctor or doctors office.  I have been sick for 3 days and putting off going to a doctor figuring like every other office you can some times walk in with a broken arm and they tell you "its nothing but the flu go home and sleep call us back in 5 days if you still feel bad."  I had the strangest symptoms all over the map.  Fever, sick, then this strange pain in my side with other really odd symptom which I wont even get into they were just to random and bizarre.  I knew going in that I would sound completely crazy trying to explain what this felt like. I figured with the strange symptoms that I couldnt even imagine would be related that no one would know what this was or that this was.   I even thought about blowing off a doctors office all together and going to the hospital just to not get the normal dr's office reaction, or not going in at all to tough it out.  Finally today when things got to a point I couldnt handle I called first thing at 8am and they were more than willing to get me in today which was a huge relief.  When I got into my appointment I saw Dr Sheth who has never treated me before.  He made me feel completely comfortable.  After I explained my symptoms I half expected to look up and have him tell me I was crazy but instead he was smiling and told me that he knew exactly what I had.  Shingles.  Never would I ever think being 29 years old that I could even have shingles.  I had to ask a million questions he explained every single one of the symptoms, which completely put me at ease for the first time in days.   Im seriously so impressed with what someone could have easily blown off that he was so great at explaining it to me and diagnosing it like he did.  He is truely one of the best doctors I have ever been to.With that long story being said my other family members go to this doctors office and love it here.  I have in the past just a small handful of times too and I have never ever been disapointed while it was nothing on this type of a scale.  Going forward this will be where I go because their level of service is always excellent and they truly have doctors that know what they are doing and take the time to listen to you when you already dont feel well which means a lot.
5	A friend of mine recommended this place and said it is run very well and boy, was he right. I think this is one of the best medical experiences I've ever had, which starts with the fact that as a patient, pretty much all the paperwork is digital, they actually give new patients a digital pad to use to fill in information. I just did my pre-physical tests and they actually give you a sheet, after an initial questionnaire, of the tests you need to take and as you go trough the process the items are checked off by the health providers to make sure they don't miss anything. When you are done with your physical another patient showed me you get a CD with the results from your physical examination. In addition, they work really hard to make sure people don't end up waiting, that you get into your appointments on time. I know, many service providers out there but this place strikes me as being above the norm relative to the quality of their operational practices and they definitely have my business for the foreseeable future.
4	Warner Family is a well-oiled machine, which is good, they're very efficient, but it does leave it up to the patient to make sure he or she is seen and treated as an individual. I've found it easy to get in for unplanned visits (as long as it doesn't matter who you see), but they book physicals (which they pretty much make you do on an annual basis to be seen for anything) way out.The office was in walking distance of my first place when I moved to Chandler, but since then I've moved to North Scottsdale, but I still make the drive because despite some hassles, I do believe I get good care. Mornings are pretty crowded and you may end up waiting, but I've been in the mid-afternoon and it was mostly empty and pretty quick to get in.
5	I have been a patient at Warner Family Practice for 10+ years bouncing from doctor to doctor, as their turnover rate is high.   All that has changed since I started seeing Dr. Crandall. She is a compassionate doctor who listens to me and does not come across as in a rush to see her other patients. I would highly recommend Dr. Crandall as she is a great asset to Warner Family Practice!
1	I truly thought I'd found a great place when all tests are done in the same location and it's a "one stop shop"!  I loved my no-nonsense doc, Dr. Delorenzi, but the office practice of having patients call themselves to check on what is covered on their insurance is a pain.  Having been a patient there a number of years, I called to complain but got little help from the office manager.  Also recently they sent me a notice they dropped Blue Cross Blue Shield, so I had no recourse but to go to another doctor.  Now I get a message they have reinstated Blue Cross?  What's up, Warner Practice!
1	The one stop for everything is convenient but a potential source of "over ordering of  exams/labs/tests/etc."  As a former patient of 8+ years, the multiple tests, every 3 month potential "wellness visits" became a financial drain when insurance wouldn't pay because the service was deemed " not necessary".  It seems that the multiplicity of tests/labs/etc. on a frequent basis only benefits the owner - Doctor Turner?  Be careful when you sign an ABN - Advance Benefit Notification - your insurance probably won't pay and you will!!!!!   We got thrown out of the practice because we challenged and wouldn't pay for two procedures determined by Medicare and Tricare to be unneccesary - slightly over $400 worth - real professional way for Warner Family Practice to treat long term patients in their 70's!
1	I was referred to WFP by a coworker of mine who went there.  As we switch insurances quite frequently at my work, I frequently have to switch doctors.  I'm on an unusual health insurance policy where I pay nothing, as long as my doctor visit is preventative.  We are instructed to tell people that, so they know we just can't come in for fun when we need something.  Everything has to be addressed at the time of the physical.  I saw Dr Sheith who was fine.  I told him the prescriptions I was on.  He "was not a fan" of them.  He filled them anyway.  One of them was an anxiety medication that I take very infrequently, but when I need it, I NEED IT.  We are talking fetal position, can't do anything, frozen up, freaking out.  I went in for a physical in May, he gave me two refills.  I used one of them, and it just ran out last week.  Like I said, I don't use it often.  When I went to fill my second refill, I was told it was only valid through November.  I thought, "this must be some mistake".  I was very clear that I can only go to the doctor once a year, or I pay the entirety of the visit up to my deductible.  I thought, "well I will just call the Doctor and he'll call in another one.  That's what doctors do!  They take care of people!"  Guess what.  Nope.  Not only would he not fill the second prescription, he told me I had to come in for another doctors appointment to fill it.  I can't go till May.  So.....  what am I to do?  Pay $250 and find a time in my busy schedule (there is a reason why I need to occasionally take an anxiety pill.  My job is very demanding with long inconvienient hours) for him to say, "ok, I will fill your $4 prescription".  Oh yes, I will also tell you why I don't want to go in and pay cash for an appointment.  Dr Sheith had me see a specialist for some IBS symptoms I was having.  Got me all worked up and scared that it was something more than IBS. (Again, IBS is a stress caused Syndrome, very common to people with stressful jobs)  The specialist got me all worked up and talked me into a Colonoscopy and an Endoscopy.  I am 28 years old.  UNNECESSARY.  My insides were perfect.  So, last year, I spent all of the $2000 out of pocket to reach my deductible.  This year, I'm trying to not spend so much on unnecessary medical expenses.  It causes me stress.  Which gives me anxiety.  Which I have to be really careful about these days, because I have no relief if I have a panic attack.  I'm going to find another doctor.  A small family practice doctor.  Not a big box doctor who doesn't care about me, and is all about the Benjamin's Baby.
1	DON'T DO IT!!!!! CAN I GIVE ZERO STARS??!! Get ready to be treated like a transaction rather than a patient. Yes, this office is ran like a well oiled machine but the problem is that they have no regard or compassion to what a patient actually needs. It's like they're all robots. No one cares if there is an issue outside of their daily standard procedures. I could list a dozen examples such as them referring us to an out of network specialist when they told me over 3 visits that they were in fact covered through our insurance (a $2000 difference) and how quick they want to schedule me multiple times for follow ups to just again refer me to another office or quickly turn me around and send me back out with no significant information or check-up. It's as if they will do whatever to charge a patient extra money. I HIGHLY recommend you go to one of the hundreds of other doctors than this one.
1	I went to this establishment on 01/15/13 to fulfill my Wellness Benefit for my Health Benefits.  This visit was extremely quick as they weighed, measured, and checked my blood pressure.  They also influenced me to get the Flu shot, as they explained people had died from the flu at that point in the year. I paid my co-pay and left, planning to return in the future for a full physical.  A few days after this visit I found out that my HR department had made a mistake during my enrollment, and they made the mistake of showing no coverage for my domestic partner (my girlfriend) and I.  I was forced to place a dispute with my HR, which was a 30-45 day process.  On 02/11/13 I received a phone call from Amber Perez from Warner Family Practice stating that I owed a balance of $227.00. I explained the situation I was in, as my HR had been taking the payment out for the Health Coverage all along and currently, as well as having AETNA cards.  I explained that I was in the middle of an appeal with my HR and that within a couple weeks it should all be fixed.  I also explained that I would willingly pay if for some reason they didn't fix the coverage, but I did not want to pay until this was over as it would be a nightmare to be reimbursed.  She coldly stated that they would not do that and they can arrange payment arrangements, and she will be mailing me a bill. I called after work days after receiving the bill hoping to speak to someone else to explain the situation.  There was never an answer and I left a voicemail asking for a call back, which I never received.  Below I have shown emails from Ms. Perez.  I sadly purchased a home just behind this office and planned to have them as my family's doctor.  But after this HORRIBLE treatment I would NEVER recommend anyone to go this money-hungry office.----Hello,I called on Tuesday at 430pm and left a voicemail with my telephone number. I also explained that I am in an appeal with my HR department, as I paid for coverage this year. I would appreciate it if I could wait until the end of the month, as my appeal was filed on 1/28/13, and can take 45 days. I have no problem paying if I need to; however, my insurance should be paying this. Regards,Colin ---I did speak with you on 2/11/13 and explained that we are not able to hold claims you are appealing. If the insurance contacts the office with payment information then we can put as their responsibility, but at this time they do state you are not covered. We can set you up on 40.00 monthly payments or payment in full and of course will reimburse you if they make payment. Amber PerezWarner Family PracticeBilling Department (480)831-8457Opt. 4----Thank you for your prompt response. I will be checking with my HR department to see if there has been any resolution to my appeal. Paying in full is not an issue, but I know getting that back from my insurance company will be difficult. Regardless of this issue, I am baffled at your customer service, I will be sure to tell everyone I know how your company solely cares about a payment and your lack of concern for patients. -----I just called my HR and was told my insurance has been corrected. The policy number remains the same as I provided. I then called AETNA and was told there is a 7-10 day time frame until this is fully fixed. Thank You,--------I can take out of your responsibility and I will verify with Aetna they are processing you claim for you in that time frame, thank you.  Amber PerezWarner Family PracticeBilling Department (480)831-8457Opt. 4
2	We'll start at the beginning.First, the process of making an appointment depends very heavily on if you have a preference on who you see.  If you're looking for something that week, or the week after, you may not have a choice.  If it's not REALLY emergency but isn't something you want to wait two weeks to have checked out, you're still probably better off there than at the Urgent Care only because they have your records and a lab.Second, the ladies and gentlemen in the office who check you in are incredibly nice.  I'll give them that.  Crazy helpful inasmuch as they can be.The doctors seem to listen to keywords.  Lots of keywords.  And for each flagged keyword you get a test.  I LOVED how thorough they were.  And they set up a follow up appointment for a few weeks out to go over any lab results.So why did I give them the Two Star "Meh. I've experienced better"?  If you want your lab results before that 2 week follow up, you've officially thrown a wrench into their well-oiled system.  If you need an emergency refill a week or two before an appointment, huge wrench.  If you want a referral... wrench. I'm not talking complicated stuff here either.  I mean they have verified they received your labs back 3 days ago and your best shot at getting anyone to read them to you in the next week and a half is to go get a copy of them and then take them to the urgent care.  Very well-oiled machine, but I never knew a business workflow could be modeled after the Hoffman's character in Rain Man.  All is well as long as you stick to the schedule they set up for you, but anything changes the whole thing falls apart and you're left there with the whole office frantically looking for their maple syrup and toothpicks. You're a doctor's office, folks.  I feel like "unplanned things" should be in your portfolio. I left a doctor's office after 7 years because I felt their office staff was exhausting and they were a decent drive from my house. My sister recommended these folks because they did not have that problem, I'll agree with her there.  I ended up just going back to my old doctor, it was a good decision for me.  Drive and all.
1	This is the absolute worst Dr. office I have ever experienced.  I guess its my own fault for not changing Dr's.  The staff is rude, scheduled appointment times are always 1/2 late,  follow through is nonexistent and we are billed for procedures that were never preformed. I had been trying to get a prescription filled for 4 days.  When I finally received the call that it had been filled I went to the pharmacy to pick it up and they had no record of it.  I called the office the next morning and was told told that I had to go in and pick up a "paper" prescription they couldn't call it in.  Why wasn't I told that when they called to tell me it was ready!!!Time to find a new Dr!
1	Worst office ever! Don't go her if you want to be treated like a number and not a patient. They, are horrible in every sense of the word. Oh ya expect them to force you to keep your credit card on file! And expect at least a one hour wait. Only reason I went here was for a Dr. I met at another office that moved to this practice. I no longer plan on seeing him mainly because, this office policies are to get money out of you and nothing else. Not to mention they don't even smile when you walk in they immediately ask for your credit card and updated insurance info? Wow! So much for customer service.
