5	Ok so you're kickin' it in Vegas, doing a little gambling, doing excessive drinking... Hell, I don't even wanna know *what* you're doing.  After all, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.Still, at some point during your stay, you might get Yelp withdrawal, right?   Well if you're staying at the Aladdin, you can connect from your room, but you're gonna have to pay an exorbitant daily rate for the privilege of doing so.   I've got a much better idea for y'all...Come to the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf located in the Desert Passage, the large shopping center that's connected to the Aladdin.  You can get yourself a coffee and use their free WiFi to connect to the Internet.   That oughta get the monkey off your back for a little while, at least...
4	Excellent coffee drinks here....I especially love the fact that they offer a coupon (from the coupon book that you can get from guest services when you show them your AAA card) that offers a "buy one, get one free" on their specialty drinks.   We ended up getting a latte and a Mudslide blended coffee drink.  The latte was good - the coffee was strong, but without the somewhat burnt taste you can get from the strong coffee at Starbucks and Peets.  The Mudslide was delicious - icy, sweet, and it really hit the spot while you wander through the "Miracle Mile."    Overall, a great deal for good coffee, especially when you can take advantage of the coupon.  The barristas were nice and the line was non-existant...I'd be back for more coffee from here!
5	Only free wireless (for non T Mobile users) we found in Vegas. My husband kept checking on his phone, and it was like his Mecca when he could check his email for free here.  While he did, I accidentally on purpose eavesdropped on a conversation at the next table- a man and a woman were interviewing girls in see-through tops about working... I'm pretty sure in x-rated movies, but perhaps just for x-rated print work.  It was so scandalous!  Things I overheard: "Can you rollerskate?  Yes?  Be sure to write that down."  "Is that your natural hair color?  No?  Well, that's okay, I guess."
5	This site is located in the Miracle Mile Shops @ Planet Hollywood. I was craving coffee bean, so I was excited to see it when I went there during my shopping over there. I usually get a hot vanilla latte, but since it was HOT outside I got their Ice Blended Vanilla Coffee drink... YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Of course theyr'e priced higher than here in L.A. but what do you expect. It's in VEGAS and @ PLANET HOLLYWOOD on top of that! I was fully satisfied with my purchase.
4	I use to be a Starbucks girl but not anymore. I have been going to the Coffee Bean &amp; Tea Leaf for the last couple months and I'm hooked.
5	My favorite coffee place of ALL time. I just wish they could come to Northern California already! I highly recommend their Hazelnut Latte. one taste and you will NEVER be the same :D
5	Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf is awesome. It is definitely my favorite coffee shop of all time. My usual is a White Chocolate Latte, either hot or iced. I love the taste. I love the feeling I feel while I drink it.If I feel like tea, I order the Strawberry Creme, plain, which is sooooo good. It is a green tea, but it tastes like strawberries. YUM!!!This place also offers free wifi. Where on the Strip can you get FREE WIFI?!?!?!I will definitely be back over and over again.
3	Having gone through our teeny packet of coffee in the hotel room in mere minutes we sought out a Coffee Bean to relieve the effects of a night out.Tucked around a corner in the Miracle Mile Shops inside the Planet Hollywood complex (most maps still have it marked as the Aladdin), this Coffee Bean is like a clarion call for the undercaffeinated and shopped-out. Though there were only four tables, they were swiftly filled with customers writing postcards (!?), waiting for their female counterparts to finish shopping, or, like us, trying to get some caffeine in before we began drinking...again. The shop is in a convenient corner so you're protected from the general through-traffic of the mall. If you're so inclined to snag coffee and catch up on Yelping (or something) you could spend a little time with their free wi-fi. Service is fast, efficient, and generally like every other Coffee Bean you may encounter.
4	Craaaaaaaack!I don't even like coffee, in fact I hate it but what I do come here for is for those ice blended drinks, sweet jesus! I know those things can't be good for you but damn each day I was in Vegas, I couldn't help but to make a trip here considering I stayed at the Planet Hollywood anyway.My personal favorite is the Banana Carmel, but I managed to try all the flavors besides the Pom/Blueberry one. Here is my list....#1 Banana Carmel#2 Malibu Dream#3 Pure Chocolate#4 VanillaI'm surprised I didn't go into diabetic shock with all that sugar in me but it's well worth it!
4	I was looking for a free Internet hotspot and found this place at Planet Hollywood. On a recommendation, I tried the white chocolate latte and it was good. I went back the next day and tried the hazelnut latte and it was even better! Too bad there isn't one in the Bay Area :-(
3	Thank you, Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf in the Miracle Mile Shops, for the free wifi.  And for the seating.  I probably drank too much coffee during my Vegas trip, but I was happy to fork over an exorbitant amount of money for a caramel latte just to have a place to sit and work.Vegas is a marvel of urban planning.  There is a dearth of public seating.  It's tough to find a bench on the sidewalk or a chair anywhere that is not in front of a slot machine. Even most hotel lobbies have just a chair or two if any. The obvious aim is to get you back inside at a casino or restaurant, so anything that might distract you from that (like a nice seat outside in the sun) is eliminated.  Oh, well.This CBTL location had tables and chairs as well as adjacent benches that were part of the mall.  I was able to rest my weary feet (ever notice that it takes about a 5-minute walk just to cross the street in this town?) and get some business done.  The air quality was pretty good (unlike many places on the strip), so I could breathe pretty easily. It truly was an oasis in this desert town. And getting a caramel latte was a nice treat since I live in a Coffee Bean-free state.
2	SLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW to make drinks.However, there is free wifi. The coffee didn't come out hot enough. I could down the whole thing in one shot. Friend's peppermint chocolate mocha was disgusting because it was watered down. They happily remade it for her.I really think it was just that one person who was making the drinks.
2	After checking out a laser show, rainstorm, the fountains and almost all the stores at Miracle Mile, it's time for tea.We needed change and it had started raining outside.  I like Coffee Bean's Japanese Cherry and was amused to discover you can follow them on Twitter and Facebook.  What could a coffee shop possibly have to say?  I was curious to find them and check it out but disappointed that my tea was made wrong.  The water was poured boiled hot which scorched the tea bag making my tea bitter. I drank some of it anyway because it was getting really cold in Vegas and we had to leave the shops soon for our next adventure.
5	They turned me on to a special drink they do themselves- ice tea made with apricot ceylon and vanilla tea with 2 brown sugar packets melted in when they brew (you gotta let them know to sweeten it during). DELISH! And now one of my fave drinks- though other coffee bean locations look at me weird or have a fit about it. It's not extra work really you're brewing it all the same.They actually give me soy when I ask for it in my tea lattes (southern and lavender...mmmmm). I couldnt have dairy for a bit when I got real sick and other places I don't think care and when they dont I ended up sick.Maybe it helps that I ended up on a friendly basis with a few people while I worked here- Tim is awesome!
1	Horrible service.  Could not understand the clerk taking my order, then of course it wasn't what I wanted.  The clerk then tries to blame me for the mistake - what???  The person making my drink acts like it's such a pain to make what I wanted.  Then, she makes it wrong again anyway, so I just had to walk away, with no drink, or else many awful things may have come out of my mouth!
3	When all that surrounds you is Peets and Starbucks, it's a nice and refreshing change to try something different.  This was my first time at a Coffee Bean location and it was well worth my first experience here.  I tried their "Honey Kissed" Iced Coffee and it was GOOD!  That touch of honey was a perfect pick me up, although the potency of the coffee was not as strong.  I'm all about strong coffee.  But, it was still a sweet escape for me.
2	wasnt busy at all, but took 10 minutes to make an iced carmel latte, not as friendly as the others, and the mark up of it being on the strip is sad.
3	This is the location inside the Miracle Mile-inside Planet Hollywood.My girlfriend got a caramel apple spice frozen drink of sorts. It's sort of weird. Vanilla, caramel and apple seem like a weird combination.Also, just to clarify, the wifi here is FREE, but requires a username and password given to you with a purchase.
4	The only coffee place for me. Super love the earl grey latte.  The only alternative to coffee. I feel like I'm close to home wherever there is a CBTL.  Sounds silly, but 100% true.  I like the fact that it's right around the corner from the entrance to PH's casino floor.  I leave my machine for a quick dash for my drink and probably the only thing that's worth the quick dash.I think we all appreciate the free wi-fi - the casino doesn't even offer free wi-fi.
5	Coffee Bean easily has the best hazelnut latte ever! Unfortunately I rarely get to enjoy a cup since they aren't really too present in the bay area, but whenever i'm in LA or LV, i try my best to get a cup.
3	Located inside the Miracle Mile Shops, this coffee shop is a good choice while shopping or if the Starbucks inside Planet Hollywood has a mile-long line like it did when I passed by.The coffee is more expensive than non-Vegas Strip locations, but had nice workers and the same quality (although my drink wasn't right this last visit, but I'm not the type to have them correct it).I've been here many times, and will continue to visit in future trips.
2	I was really looking forward to the hype of coffee bean but when they gave me regular milk when I ordered soy I wasn't a very happy camper. Also the drink I got was WAY to sweet. Free WiFi +1 star, ask employee at the register to print you the password/username.Mistakes happen and maybe I'll come back someday.
5	I cannot understand WHY there aren't more coffee bean stores around than starbucks? I'm from Seattle and sbux wouuld NOT be my first pick for coffee ever. I wish coffee bean would move up to seattle! seriously!I think this is the only coffee bean on the strip and it's located inside the mirace mile shops (planet hollywood). I usually hate blended coffee drinks because it's usually filled with loads of sugar and whatnot. But not at coffee bean, I swear their specialty IS making blended drinks. I seem to always in favor of the vanilla or hazelnut blended coffee drinks! It's never too sweet and it's just the perfect flavor. Also, they pull their own shots! So it's either a hit or miss for the coffee. Usually a hit for me. I haven't tasted a bad shot from this store!The coffee is pretty expensive but I'm willing for pay for it because I'm addicted to this place. Definitely refreshing to stop by for a coffee while shopping or just a break from drinking on the strip!Definitely coming back for more (probably because there isn't another coffee bean on the strip!)
5	Levi easily translated my Starbucks lingo to English and I received the best white mocha I've ever had. My wife's iced blended mocha was excellent because it wasn't too sweet.  Although I don't understand how something could be not sweet enough, she loved it!!
1	My Earl Grey Soy Latte tasted just great... but the buck-fifty surcharge for the soy (NOT posted on the menu board, I'm supposed to "inquire") -- that earns 1 star and I won't be going back.  I know it's Vegas... I know I'm going to be charged too much everywhere... but that's just ridiculous, and really bad form to not post it, or at least instruct employees to inform you!  Not to mention the regular size drink was already priced at $5.50.... Nope, sorry.  Starbuck's is very close and my soy latte there was topping out under $5 total.
2	After walking down The Strip to Planet Hollywood from The Venetian, we were thirsty and stopped at the Miracle Mile shops to get water.  BOY, OH BOY...it's expensive!!!$2.50 for a small bottle of water.Not a Fan of getting raked over the coals...Boo to The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.  You can buy a 35 pack of Arrowhead water at Costco for like $6.00.
3	The one drink that always brings me back to Coffee Bean is the WINTER DREAM LATTE! Too bad its only offered during the holiday season, but its delicious! It tastes like "Christmas in a Cup"...Try it out this winter!
4	Whenever we are in Vegas, we drop by the Coffee Bean in Planet Hollywood for an afternoon coffee break then we sit and relax a bit. We don't have a Coffee Bean in our area, so when we are in SF, L.A., Vegas or Hawaii, we drop by the Coffee Bean.  My fav is the vanilla latte, yum!
1	Who the hell charges $7.00 for a bottle of smart water and then another $5.50 for a liquidy and runny hazelnut blended?I could have bought my water at target for $1 but I was dying of thirst in the miracle mile shops.. Thanks rude sales people for laughing at the fact I thought $7 was too much for a bottle of friggin water. I better be getting a damn cirque de soleil and celine dion show with this...Horrible. Rude workers, expensive disgusting drinks and it was dirty as heck. Coulda made the coffee in my hotel room and it would've been better!
2	Coffee is fine but the prices are not.   Boycott this place and protest the prices.  This is absurd.
5	Aw the girl was so sweet. I ordered something that wasn't listed on the menu. She was working by herself and things were moving quickly with a smile on her face. Go her! :)
2	No hot water today.
5	I'm from LA and have CB on every corner... I'm so happy there's one in Vegas.. I need my crack just like the next person...
4	Tucked away in a little corner inside the miracle mile shops, adjacent to the watch station and perpendicular to Quiksilver is a nice little coffee bean & tea leaf with seats lined up overlooking the body shop. My adventurous side tingled yet again and intuition pointed me to the direction of the Planet Hollywood where I meant to do a little reading. Not exactly the best place for that, to be honest. With the club music echoing throughout the whole mall, this would be the last place you'd expect to find solitude - it's like Coffee Bean at the Venetian all over again although if there's one thing you'd want to come here for, it's the free wifi. Upon purchase - yes, you'll have to get something for yourself - a username and password is printed on the receipt then voila - internet on the house!Drinks are still a tad bit pricey for me - $5.25 (+ tax) for a regular iced pure vanilla (with no sugar added) but I can't complain because the quality definitely makes up for it. This ice blended delicacy was just right - smooth, not too sweet and refreshing on a hot summers day so if you happen to be around the area, or if your feet are starting to give in after a long walk along the Las Vegas Boulevard, stop by Coffee Bean and sip away.
3	Holy crapoli, the strip is hella expensive. Good iced coffee for almost $5. The barista was sympathetic. That's probably about as good as it gets.
4	This location in particular, 3.5The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf makes the BEST latte's! Too bad there aren't a lot back home, so I took advantage of my Vegas trip and came here three times in one weekend. TOTALLY overpriced here. But if you've never had the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, just get a flavored tea latte! I think they practically double the price here than the ones in LA...Get the earl gray latte... a great pick-me-up! Especially after going out the night before ;)
4	I had never tried the Coffee Bean before, as the closest location to me is over 30 miles away. But I stopped by a couple times while on vacation in Vegas this week, and have particularly been impressed by their ice blended coffees.  Their pumpkin ice blended coffee was definitely the best iced coffee of the week, competing with a number of other coffee shops iced drinks! And back home now, it clearly beat the Starbucks equivalent.I also was impressed with this Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile location. It just exuded a very friendly coffeeshop vibe, and the servers exemplified that. Lots of convenient seating outside the shop make this a nice getaway from the Vegas hubbub that's all around.
4	Omg! This was my first visit at The Coffee Bean and I only stumbled upon it because I had trouble redeeming my Starbucks Groupon. Anywho, thee absolute best blended coffee EVER. This place is located within the Miracle Mile shops and tops Starbucks easily. My friends and I stayed at the Planet Hollywood hotel and it was just a couple footsteps from the Casino. LOVE! Plus, they were offering $5/$10 deals in Groupons. Check out this place and ask for barista Sara. She's amazing!!!
4	Good coffee in a nice setting to people watch.
5	It's no secret that I'm obsessed with the Coffee Bean and this location in the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood continued my love affair.I stopped in for my signature drink, a large pomegranate blueberry iced tea latte, before hitting the road for a five-hour drive back to San Diego. My aunt sent me a virtual gift card to the Coffee Bean for Christmas and I've yet to find a location who knows what I'm talking about when I show them the barcode on my phone. I'm blown the minds of two baristas at my local San Diego store when they scan the code and it actually works. I told this Las Vegas location about it and showed them the code on my phone but instead of scanning it, they tried to punch the number in. When this didn't work, they offered me a discount. Since the prices are significantly higher at this Vegas location, the discount made the price about equal to what I pay for the same drink in San Diego. It dropped from $6ish to $4ish. Talk about great customer service! By the way, if you've never tried the Pomegranate Blueberry Iced Tea Latte before, I highly recommend it. It's definitely a sweet treat that's like a bit of heavenly dessert!
5	This Coffee Bean is located in the Miracle Mile (Planet Hollywood). The location is a little difficult to find if you enter from the Casino part, but if you come in off the strip by Sephora it is pretty easy.The staff is super friendly and they did a great job at making my drinks, they were consistent on every visit and fast. I recommend getting the Black Forest, it is a great blend of chocolate, coffee beans and cherries, be sure to ask for whipped cream!!!
5	Great place to chill and study. The Brista here know how to make it taste and looks good. The only coffee bean I know that gives student discount.
4	I love Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf since my days at UCSB.  Plus some of my housemates from way back then worked for CB&TL and I get to try the Ice Blended drinks they made at work and home.  I was hooked.So earlier today when we were looking for a spot to sit down and eat our lunch (somewhere inside Miracle Mile Shops), we decided to drop by here hoping they have seating outside the actual store, plus she said she really needed to get coffee.  Luckily this particular location is really small, and all the tables and seats are located "outside".  After placing our orders, and before we were done busting out our family pack of hot wings, fries and veggie sticks to the nonchalant look and bemuse stares of nearby CB&TL customers (yeah, I was also thinking Wingstop and coffee is a rather nontraditional combination), the very friendly and proficient baristas were quick with making our orders (Iced Coffee and Ice Blended Toffee Chip - fav Asian had a sip and bestowed her approval).So here is the quick summary:Good and friendly customer service. Check.Proficient baristas making orders as swift as the chilly November wind.  Check.Delicious Ice Blended Beverages that one have come to expect from CB&TL. Check.Nice little relaxing alcove to rest your feet or just to people watch.  Check.Be back for more?  Yep, if I am at Planet Hollywood or Miracle Mile Shops.4 stars.
1	This place has a superb location, but hardly much else (other than outrageous prices for a coffee & pastry shop). I bought a Groupon to use there while visiting Vegas, and have regretted it. The Groupon has a lot of small print, which the manager of this TCBTL location applies/enforces selectively, at his whim. I most certainly did not get my $ worth. Unless you don't care about how much you pay for stuff (or have had a lucky strike at the casinos), I'd recommend to go some place else for better coffee drinks and comparable pastries, only for much less $. (Without a groupon, a coffee, a tea and a croissant were around $15, which in my book is ridiculous unless you're at an airport or luxury hotel/resort.)
4	My go-to to work if you need to in Vegas or just kick it after a long walk down the strip with their free wifi.  And they have quite a few tables in the mall lobby area to sit.  But power outlets are almost non-existent and their drinks are super-pricey though.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.  I recently went to this one when on a mini vacay to LV, and I was impressed by the service of one of the managers there, Danny.  He was very personable and promptly made our drinks.  I had a large vanilla ice blended and my bf had hot green tea.  Both drinks were delicious!  I will definitely stop by this CBTL again when visiting NV.
