4	If you are into bargain shopping, this is a spot you won't want to miss! I used to shop at this store in Las Vegas when I lived there a number of years ago. A few weeks ago discovered this store in Mesa when I was down there buying a water ski off Craigs List. While the store itself is kind of grungy, and slightly "dirty," they have some fantastic deals on clothing and some home ware items. I picked up T-shirts to screen print for my band, and they were $3.00 each! I also grabbed a few Hawaiian, button down shirts for about 6 bucks each! Yeah, its a run down store, but its full of super bargains!
5	The first time I came here, they had no mirrors or fittings rooms.We were literally the girls trying on clothes on top of our clothes in the middle of the store and then checking out our reflections in the windows. yup, we're *those* kinda people.obviously, it was hysterical. we decided to go back this past weekend and it was amazing. most of the stuff is off brands, or cheap throw away brands, but every now and then there's something a notch up. i got an american apparrel v neck for $2.99, an old navy t shirt for $1.99 and a random no-name but super cute maxi dress for $6.99. they had a TON of super cute things this past weekend- white, high waisted, CUTE pants for $3.99, a ton of summery dresses, skirts, tons of camis, rompers, etc. a TON of the stuff looks super cheap, but there are a TON of decent pieces not made of polyester.we immediately got to work trying clothes over our clothes and taking pics of each other with our phones since we knew they didn't have mirrors. that was until the security guard came up to us laughing mid-picture pose, "um ladies, you do know there is a mirror over there, right?"hahahaha!  he definitely thought we were nuts. my friend would probably kill me if i showed this picture of her but it's too funny not to show you. seriously, it makes me pee my pants so i'm posting it. it was in the middle of me saying 'this looks so bad, you have camel toe, i have to take a picture' hense the crotch grab.  you're welcome. I walked out of there spending less than $15. my gf got like 2 dresses, 3 skirts, tons of camis, and a few other pieces and she spent less than $40. they have a TON of cute, name brand kids/baby clothes for the sweet $1.99 prices as well.. and mens clothes too. and if you're feeling sexy they have the craziest lingerie as well. check out the pics! have fun! it's hit or miss but almost always hit. just don't expect the employees or the registers to work fast. they are all stuck in the 90s...employees and the registers. :)we also decided this is THEEEEEE place for halloween shopping. some of the stuff is SO crazy.
5	We used to shop at this store in LA and when we passed there was one just down the street from us I was ecstatic!  The best place to get childrens/baby clothes toys and household items especially for those who need things after just moving like us! Cant beat there prices! I will be going back over and over again!
4	Yup, Fallas Paredes.  This place is to Ross what Ross is to a department store clothing shop.  Clothes here are CHEEP--we went there to buy clothes for my daughter so she could start her new school year off right.  We walked out with about 20 pieces of clothing plus a big plastic clock and and a broom for about $200.Yup, it's a little dirty, and the non-clothing stuff can be absolute bottom of the heap Chinese-made garbage--check box contents thoroughly before purchase--but when you do find something pretty nice here, you get it for a great price.  No, there are no dressing rooms, but when you consider price and that you can at least take stuff back for up to a month after buying it for store credit, this place ain't bad at all.  Clothes don't really come cheaper than this unless you go to a garage sale or thrift store.  Haven't been here yet?  At least give them a try. . .
1	I detest this store. soooo much. This is like....a Kmart and Goodwill crashed and made a baby. No, the stuff isn't donated, but the items are definitely bottom of the barrel quality. Bad lighting, awful cramped spaces and a general aura of disorder and mess....If you need cheap stuff, or you need stuff NOW, then yes, it's good for that. If you want something Good, something that'll last more than one or two days, then this is Not that.
3	This is the place to go for school uniforms. However, do not trust the tags for sizes. Always check anything you buy here thoroughly before purchase. Outside of school uniforms, this place always has some cute house decor and on more than one occasion I've come across great sports equipment for the kids. Yes, more often than not the quality is horrible but if you need something in particular that you aren't terribly concerned with quality or brand names- go here. I would give 4 stars but I cannot stand how unorganized the store is. Plus, every time I come in items that were in one section (like uniform shirts) are moved somewhere else in the store and I have to hunt them down. Go with patience.
