5	Over the past few years I have wrestled with lower back pain and nagging headaches, so a friend of mine referred me to visit Dr. Johnson at recovery chiropractic.  Previously, I thought that all chiropractors are virtually the same, but Ive never been able to get as much movement and improvement in my problem areas as Dr. Johnson has been able to get.  The atmosphere in the office is upbeat and positive.  The staff on hand is always able to fit me in when I need them to.  Once I went to visit Dr. Johnson one, I wont go anywhere else.
5	I am so happy to see Ben in his new office.  He is so knowledgable and can read the body like no other chiropractor I've been to.  He's amazing! My husband and I highly recommend Ben!
5	Just had my first massage here. Lanae is a fabulous massage therapist and can really work those stubborn knots out! I will definitely be seeing her again very soon! I didn't  have a chiropractic adjustment with Dr. Johnson, but had the opportunity to speak with him. I really like his individualized approach to his practice. He was very welcoming and did not pressure any sales on me. I will definitely recommend Recovery Chiropractic!
5	My husband and I just moved to Arizona from Alaska. After the move, we were a little sore and quickly found Dr Ben and researched him on Yelp. We saw the great reviews, called to schedule an appointment and were seen the next day. I highly recommend anyone looking for a great chiropractor who listens to you and can help with any type of physical ailments.
5	Dr. Ben Johnson is an amazing and caring practitioner.  We moved here from Alaska and were looking for a new chiropractor 2 years ago!  We've seen him for regular maintenance and for flare ups and spasms.  My husband often has back issues and Ben has been there to help me get back on his feet.  Ben also has a great staff.  Always friendly and kind.  His massage therapists are always great at helping therapeutically versus a spa massage. Great place to get adjusted! :)
