4	My bike and I love the Little Sugar Creek Greenway & Trail. There is plenty of accessible parking so I only have to feel lazy about driving to a bike trail, not frustrated that I can't even get there. The plaza areas are beautiful, with plenty of seating, art, and a choice of stairs or ramps so you never need to walk your ride. The pavement in still well kept and smooth. I love how the trail takes you under the routes to uptown and along the picturesque creek.My one main issue is that the trail goes through a neighborhood right by Freedom Park and that detour is not so well marked. It would be wise to check out the Carolina Thread Trail map before embarking so you know where you are headed. If you do it right, the greenway takes you all the way from CPCC to just behind the Park Road Shopping Center (and back!) and gives you a great slice of nature in the process.
5	This park is fantastic!  My husband and I like to take our bikes and ride through the trails on weekends.  Its as if you step back in time- lots of people walking their dogs(Who I love waving to), there is a snow cone stand in the park, people with blankets laying on the grass, birthday parties, bikers...its an experience!!
5	Access from Dilworth/Freedom Park all the way to the edges of Uptown, Elizabeth, and Plaza. What's not to love? Take a trip via bike or by foot, stop at The Met in Midtown for lunch (I recommend Vivace) stop at one of the green spaces, Midtown Park, or make the short trek back to Freedom Park for a picnic. Love usage this greenway is getting from all of the updates. Seems that there is a big push for more grassy areas and it's paying in more traffic, too. Families teaching kids to ride bikes, group bike rides, runners, walkers, powerwalkers, and even employees using it as a means of avoiding the busier streets. Huge props for the continual upkeep and updates. Close to Midtown Park off the greenway, there's an urban bocce court. What a cool thought Excited to see new things added and what kind of activities/events happen in the coming months.
5	Consistent with other reviews, this greenway is 5 stars all the way. Very nice seating area, picnic area, wall cascading water fall, big clock. Has geese in the river, nearby shopping and dining district, very safe and open space. Once section has vines adorned pathway. Where else can you ask for all these perks in a greenway? Best of all, FREE!
4	Beautiful greenway to walk, jog or ride bikes on! It can be crowded on the weekends, especially if it's gorgeous outside.
4	I looooove going to the greenway!!!  I walk down from Uptown all the time and pick it up at 4th and Kings/Central.  You can walk all the way to Freedom Park.  There is parking at certain spots along the greenway if you cant walk to it.The greenway goes right by the Met so you can stop for lunch or a beer and walk the rest of the way to the park.  It gets pretty crowded on weekends so be polite and stay to the side.  There are spots along the greenway that get covered with the little creek if it has rained a lot so be careful!  It also gets a little creepy at night and there are no street lights along certain parts.
5	Probably one of my favorite greenways in Charlotte just because you get the best of both urban and suburban environments while running through here.  The greenway goes though Freedom Park so it provides an easy parking, but it looks like they are adding additional parking in the CPCC area (new part of the greenway).One of the cool additions to the greenway is the greenspace near the Met that features a giant mirrored ball.  A terrace that I have seen people use for a wedding before, and a safe place to walk (and not have to wait on cars/traffic lights) with their use of tunnels and ramps.I'm excited once the greenway is connected further north and you can do longer runs on it (if training for a longer distance race... half marathon/marathon).Right now you can start on the CPCC end and go all the way over to Brandywine... right behind Park Rd. Shopping Center.... just shy of 3 miles.
4	Stayed at the Hampton Inn - Uptown. Came in from California. It was .47 mi to the Greenway and then a beautiful run for 4.7 mi. Great run! Would recommend to anyone.
5	We just LOVE the greenway. Favorite section is from Midtown Park (the big reflective ball) to Freedom Park and back - it's a solid 4 miles.  Always busy with people walking and riding bikes so keep your head on a swivel and stay to the right. Make sure you nicely say "on your left" if you're coming up behind someone. It's just the nice thing to do. :)
5	I cannot wait for the Little Sugar Creek Greenway to be complete in South Charlotte! Right now, it extends from the Midtown area (just to the side of Vivace, Dressler's...) and just south of Freedom Park behind the Park Road Shopping Center. It's a great path to run, walk, or ride bikes! It's well made, lit, and I feel completely safe (at least in the daylight). It's a popular spot because there are always people and pets traveling along it's path for fun, leisure, or exercise.There are also trash cans lining the greenway with bags supplied to pick up after your furry companion. Thanks, City Planners for creating a beautiful public space and maintaining and growing it so thoughtfully!
