4	This is my favorite of two Starbucks at the MGM Grand.  Lines aren't as long and the staff is nicer.  Come to think of it, the two things are probably related!  They are always willing to bring my order to my table when I ask them to. I usually stop here on my way to the Monorail to start my day.
4	Our MGM room didn't have a coffee maker.  Go figure...I would have been extremely cranky with the missing component of my liquid diet had this Starbucks had not been conveniently placed next to the food court.  As a bonus, the baristas didn't even crack a smile at the giant penis I wore on my head half the time I was in Vegas.  Thank you, Starbucks, for not letting me down, and for keeping it classy as you brewed my chai latte.
5	Great staff and great location.  I stopped here to charge my phone.  Nice to have Starbucks ALL around Vegas with outlets :)
3	You know how Starbucks are very efficient, run like a well oiled machine, etc.?  These were hit and miss. One morning, I went to the one next to the Avenue Cafe.  The staff was made up of old, oriental women that did not seem to understand English, walked extremely slow, and looked like it could be their first day staring at their cash register screens like they didn't know what to do.  They were obviously getting paid by the hour, not transaction. Typical products there, but no egg sandwiches?!?  They did have the toaster, and would warm up bagels, etc.
3	Since most casinos won't put a coffee machine in the rooms we are stuck heading down to the main floor to get a cup of joe.As I was here these past few days attending a convention along with thousands of others the lines always seemed long but they moved pretty quickly. Normal Starbucks menu and the baristas were nice. Some seating to get a good people watching view and observe all the drunken bachelorette parties stumble by at night. As it was also the Country Music Awards weekend here I also got to watch all the country music freakozoids walk by with all their overdone western gear on. Yee-Haw! Look - another cowboy hat!  At least this one is open 24 hours for late night or early morning caffeine fix. It's one of three locations in MGM alone!
3	So, we watched/previewed a television show at the CBS Television City place inside the MGM, and we pretty much each got $5 gift certificates to Starbucks.We used them today. I got a tall chocolate chip frappuccino for $4.75 +tax. He got his normal grande iced caramel macchiato. We just paid for whatever was over $5 each and tip!Unfortunately, there were only two employees working the location. One was behind the register. One was making ALL the drinks... and there were a lot of drinks! It took about ten minutes to get our two drinks. The plus side? The reason I'm giving them three stars? The drinks were made extremely well! We were quite impressed with their taste, and although the service was slow, the employees were very nice.
2	"my review is subjective"1.5 starsMy first time to the MGM Grand and well they could get away with murder here( at the Starbucks not the MGM), I am sure they make a bunch of change here just because of the location. It seemed that everyone of the occupants was in line at 7:30 am. The coffee was good as usual but the prices are outrageous.My story... I am in line waiting to place my order when a women and here friend( which had been partying the night before or still going I don't know haha) are coming down this ramp from a buffet or restaurant right next to the Starbucks. One women places both of her hands over her mouth... then RALPHS all over the marble floor right next to all of us ordering. She was desperately looking for a toilette or garbage can. Well she didn't make it. Since she decided to cover her mouth, the barf went in every outward direction possible. After her first go-round she then proceeds to enter the area behind the front counter of the Starbucks where everyone is making drinks and finds some type of container to finish her session off. Her friend was not much help to her. After the Ralph session is over they just leave, no words said, just an early morning delivery and they were off. I will say this, the Starbucks employees did not let this become a distraction for them. They kept the orders coming... Please see my attached photo of the spread out chunks the women left behind.
1	So far the worst Starbucks the line takes like one hour with 9 guest. Unbelievable the price. disappointed
5	Disclaimer: i do NOT work for any starbucks chain. I just want people to understand why im defending them.After reading a few reviews here, i couldnt leave without leaving my own review. I have gone to NUMEROUS starbucks in my life, and this location by far has been the best that ive been to. Yes it is a little pricier than the regular starbucks, but LOOK at where youre at. You're on the Strip. Its a tourist destination. Of course things are going to be pricier! Its like going to the movies. Outside the theater, soda is $0.89 at walmart. Inside the theater your soda is like $5! You have to be reasonable and understand WHY the casino charges you a few dollars extra. When im in the casino, and i want the convenience of getting my coffee without having to drive miles off the strip then you betcha im gonna buy it. Everyone has a choice. They dont force you to buy your drink. Im just saying.The service ive always received here is fantastic. And i have nothing but good things to say about how friendly they are.
