4	Man this place has good, smooth coffee.  I normally stay about a mile away from brewed coffee, but this Saturday morning, I was not in the mood to hang around the pretentious Starbucks across the parking lot and wandered over to the newly-opened Dunkin' Donuts to blow a few minutes.  Wow I'm glad I did.  Really, really good, smooth coffee.  Maybe it's just totally weaksauce, or maybe they put a ton of cream and sugar in the cup, but I thought it was possibly the best cup of brewed coffee I'd ever poured down my throat, which certainly isn't saying much.  I had a glazed donut, which didn't seem extremely fresh a la Krispy Kreme's old "Hot Now" thing, but was still light and good.  The service was solid and pretty quick, although the staff seemed to have a bad attitude, which was odd given the brand new location and the fact that the franchisee was standing behind the customers and watching everything.  I predict the manager doesn't last very long.  I only spent a few minutes in line, guess it doesn't take very long to pour coffee and grab a donut.  And charge me a whopping $2 and 50 something cents.  Total steal!  Looks like they're also getting into breakfast "food" sandwiches served hot.  I'll have to try them sometime.  Now I just have to see if there are any DD on my way to work...
4	Dunkin Donuts inside Cobblestone carwash on the south side of Bell at the 51.  Same really good brewed coffee, good service despite the inside-a-convenience-store-that's-also-part-of-a-carwash location.  I am always worried when I go in here that I might just as well pick out something pre-made from the fridge and buy it from the convenience store, but they make that coffee quick and it tastes good, so I'll keep coming.  Cheap, too.
1	I'm writing this regarding their post-redesign. I'm not sure they kept the same staff from before, but with this economy, I'm sure they can get better workers. I went in one Sunday morning to grab a quick breakfast for my husband and me. The line wasn't long, but it was SLOW! They had about 8 people working behind a small counter which only created chaos. When I did finally get to order my food, I ordered 2 vanilla coffees. I got my 2 sandwiches and 1 coffee. As the guy handed me my coffee, he announced to the world that he was "going on break now" and set my other coffee cup down and walked away. As he was about to cross the counter I asked what he did with my other coffee. His reply was "uh, I don't know, its my break time". Seriously? I polietly said it wasn't breaktime until I got my coffee. My husband and inlaws went in not too long afterwards and got about the same service. They were sitting inside at a table and one of the workers came in with his motorcycle gear on and sat his helmet down on THEIR table and then proceeded to change into his DD shirt. They said it was a mess. Even worse , the franchise owner was there that same day and let all this happen. The coffee is good, but I'm also paying for the service.
5	I was very impressed with this Dunkin Donuts and the renovations that were made. I never cared for the Baskin Robbins so Im glad to see this was jsut a Dunkin Donuts. The place looked really good and the new menu items are delicious. I always get my large coffee and am now hooked on the Veggie Eggwhite on wholewheat flatbread! Its supe good and super cheap! The service was great and the employees were very nice and friendly. I definately recommend this location!
5	I stopped in to get my car washed at the Cobblestone Auto Spa on Bell Rd near Rte 51 and noticed that there was a full Dunkin Donuts inside the building! I thought this was a great idea as people have to wait to get thier car washed so they can enjoy a nice coffee and have a bit to eat. I got an iced lattee and had a banana nut muffin. Both items were very good and the service was very fast. I wondered why they didnt have a big sign out by the road but someone said the store is new and it will be coming soon. This store isnt far from the one on the corner of Tatum & Bell.
2	Ahhhh, donuts. Ahh, Dunkin Donuts Before there was ever a thought of Starbucks, decades even, there was a Dunkin Donuts! Each city seemed to have it's own branded coffee and donut shops -- while Dunkin Donuts is mostly a northeast brand, SoCal had Winchell's, Seattle had Peet's and NY had Chock Full of Nuts; and, in fairness to my Canadian friend's, Tim Horton was still play hockey in the NHL. So, why did Dunkin Donuts survive and become a national brand?  Well, I believe it had to be the way they roasted their beans. Yes, the taste of their coffee is unique and habit forming. Dunkin Donuts makes a strong but not highly caffeinated brew that makes you come back for more. This local rollout of Dunkin Donuts in the Valley of the Sun is a good thing. And, this Dunkin Donut has some of the nicest employees who aim to please. And, like their competitors to the north (Tim Horton's) Dunkin Donuts is now introducing sandwiches to capture the lunch crowd which means I stop by more once each day.Nice job guys!
2	Is it me, or did the prices go way up on donuts? .99 per donut??Also, The jelly ones are alot smaller.Service always good when I go, just LIVID with the price increase, Krispy Kreme here I come!
1	No more Coolatta. The Coolatta machine is broken. At all locations, apparently. Why the (*bleep*) are you still selling Coolatta if the machine's broken? Does corporate office know they're scamming customers? Horrible customer service.
1	Oh for the days when the funny guy with the mustache was making the donuts fresh for us! I had an issue with this location limiting the menu selection on a prepaid discount offer, I contacted the corporate office and was reminded that their locations are all franchised. So, FYI there is a much better run franchise 1/2 mile west on Bell!
1	After going there every week since it reopened I was treated like dirt last week.  After being treated so poorly we were on our way and opened the bag to find an order that was wrong..... AGAIN!!!!
5	Definitely Worth The Trip!
2	Had the worse customer service today.  Wanted to treat the kids and grab a coffee.  The music was blasting, only one customer seated and girl at the counter was annoyed and rude.  We were placing our order and 3 more customers came in, the girl told us to hurry she wanted to close out our order and move line.  Told us to get out of the way of the register, walked away and yelled for another employee.  NO SMILE. NO THANK YOU. SHE WAS THE WORST.  We were not happy I didn't need to start my day like this!
4	Donuts were great.. Staff was surprised that I didn't want coffee. The brownie batter was soo good.
1	Stale donuts after 4 pm. This is the third time we have gone to this location after 4 pm. Happy a new location south of this one has opened on Tatum and G'way. The least the owner can do is offer donuts at half price after a particular time. Last time for this customer.
5	Dunkin Donuts s at the top of my list for an every day cup of coffee to start the day. As a kid I can remember my grandfather taking me to Dunkin Donuts to get a couple of dozen donuts for the family. Times have changed, and Dunkin Donuts now offers a variety of different breakfast sandwiches and wraps. One of my favorites is the good morning rap. It's pita style bread with egg and your choice of meat. Dunkin Donuts is also a great value unlike some of the other coffee houses in the neighborhood.
5	Shout of to both Shandi and Elisa who are two of the most polite and friendly employees I've met in awhile! Thank you both for making my visit an awesome one!
1	Went there after hearing about the Arizona Cardinals promotion, if the Cards won, you get a free medium coffee the day after the game.  Well, I went, didn't know about the app for the smart phone.  Was told that I need the app and the phone wasn't with me.   Didn't get the coffee, walked away unhappy.
5	I love me some Dunkin coffee and doughnuts in the morning. It's nice to see smiling faces when you walk through the doors as well.
