5	I LOVE THIS PARK!This place is right next to the YMCA of Durango Hills so my little and I walk over after I sweat my nards off for 2 hours at the Y. LOL. Here its a pretty large playground area for the children, its divided into 2 areas. The bigger playground has a very large jungle gym and 4 slides! One is HUGE! Its a twisty slide that is super fun! They have the windy slides and the straight down slides as well as monkey bars and climby areas. On the small childrens its like a mini version of the bigger one, but a lot less dramatic. It has the small slide and little hangy things as well as little puzzles to engage the childrens brains which are nice. To the side they also have swings for both smaller children (full seat) and the normal swings for the bigger independent children.In addition to the playground area they also have basketball courts, hockey areas, a skate park, and a bike path. When we go later in the evening you can usually catch people playing basketball or even a roller hockey game. Its a very safe area, the playground is not close to traffic, and its well lit!I will continue coming here with my little!
3	I really enjoy this park when it isn't the summer. During the summer this whole area turns into teenage wasteland. The slides are really big, so is the equipment, I wouldn't recommend this for young toddlers.
4	I went to this park for the first time today and I really enjoyed it. I took my daughter after I finished working out at the YMCA next door.  It was nice that it is so close, so we didn't need to drive to yet another place in town. Yeah for being green!The playground is quite nice. It is well shaded, so you can get relief from the Vegas sun. The playground area is nice and squishy, so if a kiddo falls, the chance of a boo-boo goes way down. There is a section for little ones, as well as a big kids section as well. It is nice to have a place for my 18 month old to play and not get run over by big kids not watching where they are going. Lots of activities to do here including a lot of slides, jungle gyms, and swings! My daughter, who is party monkey, was in heaven!There are a lot of places to sit and relax too. Several picnic areas and park benches. It was nice, since I was pooped after my earlier work out.  It is just a nice neighborhood park.
5	Playing pickleball outside for the first time.
4	A nice park with 3 covered picnic areas, children playground area, skate park, an 18-hole executive golf course, basketball courts, a walking/jogging track, tennis courts, and an open space. I held a board game party here yesterday afternoon beautiful weather in the 70's but was windy. The Park was clean and well maintained and it was parent and child friendly: toddler, pre-k, small and big kid friendly. It is also safe.It is located next to YMCA.
