1	Grade: FFrom the moment you walk in the door and the stench of bad fried seafood hits you in the face till the bad service brings you your nasty cold seaslop, you will regret ever giving this place a try.
4	I've been to Joey's three times now and I've decided that I really like this place. Last night we were looking for fish - and just didn't want fast food fish fry (Culvers or Red Lobster) and didn't want to go to a crowded supper club or fancy restaurant. Joey's was the perfect option. Don't let its location in the strip mall fool you, it has nice atmosphere and is a above average place to go with family or on a date. I tried the special - fish fry Walleye with two sides - vegetable medley and baked potato. The fish was excellent - although fried, it wasn't overly greasy. The sides were OK. I especially liked the mini corn-cake muffins they dropped off while we waited. Good service, decent prices, yummy food - I was very pleased. Maybe Arthur S. went on a bad night or something. There was a strong fried smell when I went to the bathroom, but we've only had good service and decent food. Third times a charm and I'll be going back again!
3	Not a bad place really...but I only had lunch and popcorn shrimp at that.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with my visit to Joey's. Super cute restaurant and great service. They start with really yummy corn bread muffins and my mom and I each had a different kind of chowder - both were great! The entrees were generous and we both really liked ours. I'd definitely recommend giving it a try and I'm looking forward to going back again.
4	Joey's does the most flaky, light, buttery, divine fish and chips I have ever had. Make sure to pay the extra dollar to upgrade to Alaskan Halibut, it is worth it. I have tried the specials on their menu several times with indifferent results, but the fish and chips will forever hold a special place in my stomach. The tartar sauce is also excellent, and they should charge money for the mini corn muffins with honey butter they serve at the beginning of every meal, because I would pay for those. Other good things: steamed mussels appetizer, if you are a fan of extremely potent garlic, butter and parmesan flavor; firecracker shrimp.
4	Had Joey's for lunch yesterday, second time ever, and was very impressed.I had a combo that included coconut shrimp, a grilled salmon filet, red beans and rice, and clam chowder.  What a meal!  I saw where someone noted how spare the plates were, my place was filled with good stuff.  The salmon was grilled to perfection and delicious.  I passed on the mango-avocado salsa because of an avocado allergy, but the sweet and sour sauce with the shrimp was great.  Red beans and rice were very tasty, and the clam chowder was aces.  Something else that stood out which is simple but important was the fountain sodas.  Everyone had fountain sodas but so many places get the syrup to carbonated water ratio wrong.  Not Joey's.  It was great.
5	A fantastic all you can eat seafood bonanza. Our group of 6 enjoyed just about everything. I enjoyed four of the eight varieties of shrimp - the coconut shrimp and firecracker were my favorite.   Our table mates also enjoyed the all you can eat crab legs and fish fillets. The two for one margaritas also were a huge hit. Tuesdays are the best nights by FAR!
3	It is what it is, and it's very good for what it is. If you're expecting flawless food, a white tablecloth type of environment and an extensive wine and beer selection, then you probably shouldn't go here. However, if you want very good seafood at an affordable price in a fun/family-friendly setting, then I would highly recommend it!
4	Great food, great value, outstanding service!This was really good food for the price, a great relaxing atmosphere and really just wonderful service. Our drinks NEVER went empty and our waiter was very personable and interactive, we loved him!.The firecracker shrimp is REALLY good, it tastes like they have a sweet chili sauce on it and something else, they're really addictive and have just the right amount of kick, I would order at least two plates of these for appetizer with a group or just order the entree version for yourself. Their calamari is take it or leave it (it is thin-crusted, though, so that's a huge plus - just no distinctive flavor to it - maybe they should consider serving it with an aoili sauce?) so I would only order that if you're really craving calamari entirely on its own.I wouldn't order their clam strips at all, it's just a pre-frozen dish fried (but nothing else we ordered was like this, so I overlooked that). The crab we ordered was warm, with fresh butter warmed on your table. I love that they have fresh ground pepper and sea salt at the table for you, in addition to the normal condiments of malt vinegar, seafood seasoning and anything else you'd need. They also serve you cornbread muffins with honeybutter which is NOM NOM NOM.Their crab cakes are fantastic - they have a kick to them and the sauce they serve with it is just as good. DH would have eaten mine entirely if I hadn't stopped him.I'm not a fan of cocktail sauces typically, but I LOVED theirs, it's the right balance of basically everything. The outside of the place is a little offputting, but just look past that because you don't notice it once you're inside and enjoying your meal. They have great local brews on tap, as well as other selections in the bottle, plus their happy hour specials are FANTASTIC.We're definitely making this one of our frequent places.
2	Mediocre at best.  Went on Wednesday when they advertise 2/1, however that was only cod and one other choice.  I had the perch and it was OK.  Two others had the coconut shrimp and it was so overcooked they could barely eat it.  Our waiter was awful.  I paid by debit card and when I got home I noticed he had also put the other 3 dinners on it as a pre-authorization.  When I called the restaurant the manager told me he possibly "ran my card for another order by mistake".  No apology, no nothing.  Just like it was the most normal thing in the world.  Wouldn't go back
4	Pleasantly surprised and pleased with Joey's.    We were a little unsure of what to expect due to some negative reviews.   Stopped by for the first time and ordered takeout.   The place was very busy, a good sign.   The dishes on the tables looked delicious.  The staff seems happy and were pleasant, upbeat, talking casually with customers at the bar and also quick to break away and serve me.   The atmosphere is nice but could really use a larger space.   It's crowded.  But still it is neat and clean and everyone looks sharp and is in uniform.The food came quickly.   When we got home, we dug in and boy was it good.   Two types of shrimp and calamari.   All tasted as good as it looked.   The sauces were very good too.   The potatoes were excellent, the coleslaw was good and made like we like it.  The hush puppies were a little dry but tasted good.   The rice and beans were nicely done and very good too.   We are looking forward to going back for a sit down meal.   Thanks Joey's for a great set of food good portions and a fair price.  5 stars on flavor and service. 4 on atmosphere and presentation.
5	This is a fish fry review.Joey's Seafood and Grill is a nice, down-to-earth place with enough class to bring a casual date. Decor is pleasant with reddish wood tables and chairs, neutral upholstered booths, a brick back wall and exposed duct work. The effect is as if you're in a homey, modern loft. There's no "strip mall" feel here.I've been here three times. Once was with my brother, once alone and the once with 4 of my friends. They were doubtful when I told them how good it was, but believers after the food (and the bill!) was delivered.The fish simply can't be beat -- I've been three times and quality has been identical each trip, which is very impressive to me. For $12.00, you get all-you-can-eat haddock with 2 sides of your choice and mini corn muffins with honey butter. The fish is so good you simply cannot improve upon it. The smooth batter is light in texture, golden in color and crisp to the tooth. The flesh of the fish is flaky, silken and tender. Just wonderful. There are many alternatives to the haddock including cod, lake perch and Alaskan halibut. For these, there are varying prices for the fish chose and if you would like two or three pieces. There is also a "triple play" option (my term) that gets you one haddock, one cod and one perch. Besides the fish, the other great thing about fish fry here is the accompaniments. You get two choices from a list of ten (ten!!), including vegetables, various potatoes, and even red beans and rice. My choices are the potato cakes and the slaw.Sides are varied in quality, so spread things out and see what you like. The potato cakes are 100% a must-try. They are crisp outside and smooth inside, with rich flavor of potato, cheese, cream and onion so light it could be chive. That's a compliment. Slaw is a little heavily-dressed for my taste, yet still crisp. The flavor and seasoning is spot on. To me, red beans and rice is almost a stew of red beans poured over the rice. Here it is the type where the beans are incorporated into the rice; not to my liking but still well-spiced, with both a light heat and a good depth of flavor. I've crunched maybe one or two french fries and they're good. The only side I would advise against is the hush puppies. They are cornmeal based and I strongly prefer flour hush puppies. My friends found them to be fine, so your mileage may vary.Service is great. Waitstaff and bartenders are cheery; almost playful. They seem to sincerely enjoy working here. All of them are well-dressed in solid black articles of their choice. As for cocktails, I've have a few Wisconsin old-fashioneds; two were sours, one was sweet. They were serviceable.However, as I said, this is a fish fry review. The fish fry here is the best I've had in the area, with excellent waitstaff and serviceable cocktails. Quality has been steady across several visits. I recommend the fish fry at Joey's Seafood and Grill with no hesitation.
2	Went to Joey's on May 25 for lunch; not too crowed at noon.  Had  fish tacos served with black beans and coleslaw.  Fish was battered, fried and tasted good, but served on a flour tortilla which became a soupy, gooey mess.  They should use warm corn tortillas.  The taco filling was fairly tasteless; pico de gallo could have used some spices.  Black beans were bland; no flavor, maybe out of the can. (I d suggest a side of black beans and rice instead).   Also, since the tacos are made with coleslaw and the included side dishes are not described on the menu for this item,  the side of coleslaw was redundant.  Boring beans, flour tortillas, bland pico de gallo, redundant coleslaw = BORING FOOD!  Waitress was nice though.
4	Awesome place for a casual night out.  Gotta love the price... Their seafood chowder is very tasty.  I once went for the all you can eat fish fry on a friday and I didn't get past the first plate... Easy, good food.  And I liked the fish tacos.
4	Good food, awesome staff.
2	After a long wait to get seated (thank goodness for the interesting fish in the aquarium!), I found the food to be quite tasty but I really had to laugh when the waiter threatened to charge me for two more "all-you-can-eat" menu items when my son and I ran out of room and asked for doggie bags. Why would he do that? He said we hadn't eaten more than half the additional portion we ordered and therefore the "all-you-can-eat" part of the special was null & void. LOL! Haven't been back since.
4	One of my favorite places to eat seafood. Reasonably priced, consistently prepared entrees. Especially love their salmon and you can always get steamed veggies!
5	I used to live in Madison and this was one of my favorite places to eat. Now that I don't live in Madison, I try to make a visit every six months or so and I ALWAYS come here. Doesn't matter what day of the week it is, I will make a trip to Joey's. The service is always great, orders are never wrong and the food is fantastic. My mom always gets their catfish and I usually try whatever the special is. I've never been disappointed yet! Their cheese curds are DEVINE. Just sayin. :)
4	Their cheese curds batter is perfectly light.  I also loved their corn bread.  The salmon was pretty good.  My buddy enjoyed the all you can eat shrimp.  We were served by Amos.  Very nice guy who'll soon open up his own restaurant.  This is a must try.
4	My son asks to go to Joey's Seafood at least once a week.  It's his favorite restaurant. His favorite dish is the mussels, but he also loves the crab legs and kids fish fry.Kids eat free on Sundays!Here's what his mum likes about Joey's.  Call ahead for your reservation so you can get right in without a wait.  Yes, it's in a strip mall but its conveniently located and once you are inside it doesn't feel like a strip mall place.  Love the corn muffins that arrive before your meal.  Decent sized portions, options for appetizers, and so far all of the fish options have been delish.  There are a couple options for those who are not fish inclined.  Service is always fast and friendly.  On my son's birthday our waitress went out of her way to make him a special "birthday" desert and a candle.  Can't ask for service better than that.Like the boy said, he would go at least once a week if he could.
4	Really worth 3.5 stars.  The best way to sum this place up is that is slightly better than Red Lobster with out the 'people of Walmart' customers and is about about the same quality as Joe's Crab Shack but not as fun.  Will we be back yes but we won't rush back.
4	My son's favorite restaurant.  Crab legs are really big and good tasting.  Small area but cozy.
4	Great fish tacos, slightly blemished by the extremely long wait both for arrival and departure. Although I've been here for about an hour, the other patrons were all here when we came in and none of them look like they plan on leaving any time soon. Hmmm
4	I had the Parmesan crusted tilapia.  The broccoli was cooked perfectly, the tilapia paired wonderfully with the wild rice.  The bartender was nice and sociable.  The only reason I didn't give it a five was because the calamari was just so so.
3	After getting past the rude feeling at the door.  Headed to the bar to order a drink for both my wife and I.  Rude bartender slash not a "beer drinker" as she said when I asked if they had a certain beer, cover up for lack of knowledge, had my change thrown at me.  It must have been the drinks they mixed wrong behind the bar they were sipping on.  Needless to say taking your frustration out on your customers- bosses is not the way to keep your job.  As a manager for over 15 yrs you would have been fired on the spot. After over an hr wait finally got seated to a great waitress and a good meal. I had crab and handbatter shrimp which were both cooked well and came out hot.  Three others at the table had the fish fry and it seem like they enjoyed their food.  If it wasn't for the good service at the table I probably wouldn't return.  This is not the 1st time I have been here, just past 3 times haven't been the same as when they openned.  Good people are hard to find in the restaurant business, understandable, but they are the face of your business and  it should probably be taken in to consideration when hiring them.  Delaneys is just down the road and have had excellent service and food for not much more money.  Just saying!!
4	This place has lunch specials as well as dinner specials. I tried the lobster and seafood roll.  It is not like the New England Lobster Roll, although good, it's not what I thought I was getting.  I did enjoy the seafood bisque, it was little bits of seafood in every bite.  Served with my bisque was little corn biscuits.  They were so tasty!
5	The owners and service is very nice here. I come here regularly and I can always expect everybody to be incredibly friendly. The food is also exceptional.  From crab legs to fried fish, the restaurant is sure to offer a high quality meal for a reasonable price.
4	A bit pricey, but great food!  The only downside of this place is you definitely need to make reservations a couple of hours in advance (especially on the weekend).
4	A great find in western Madison from an East Coast visitor. Often I rely on Yelp when visiting a new town and the pressure is always on when it is to find a place for a group of out-of-towners to dine. Joey's was a successful selection that I look forward to visiting the next time I'm in Madison.Being an East Coaster, there is always this assumption that you can't get good seafood if your aren't on a coast. (As if modern transportation and shipping doesn't exist, and "Oh, hello, they ARE the GREAT lakes".For most of us, cheese curds were new, and everyone loved them. I had the chicken gumbo, absolutely the best gumbo I've had in a restaurant. It was what Campbell's thinks Chunky soup is, as opposed to most attempts at gumbo that are thicker than cream soup and burnt brown in taste and color. I very much wanted the battered fish (you can actually pick the type of fish!), but I needed to eat healthy, so I had the Citrus Mahi Mahi, you know, the fish so good they named it twice!Since we were out late on a Monday night the restaurant wasn't overly crowded and we were able to be seated immediately, but it is so good I can see where reservations are required for more popular times. Despite the "normal" attendance the parking lot was packed. I couldn't imagine coming into this shopping center at peak times!They also have a nice selection of microbrews, some on tap, some not. We appreciated the server's offer to provide small samples of beer so that we could make a selection.
4	My family and I have been enjoying Joey's for a few years now. We always get their mussels appetizer, which is phenomenal. They also bring out a basket of warm mini cornbread cakes to the table with some honey butter. It is no longer on their menu but I always order the calamari tacos which if you ask for it they will still make them. We were here yesterday during happy hour and enjoyed the great drink and appetizer specials. Our waitress was great too!
2	Nothing special. They had a special for $3 old fashions which was a good deal. The food was kind of bland. I ordered the ahi tuna tacos and there was a lot of cabbage. The wasabi sauce was decent. Probably will not be going back here much. The mussels were decent at best. The best thing might have been the little cornbread muffins and honey butter they bring out pre-meal.
3	This was a Father's Day request.  The food was good but the waitress was particularly inattentive with no offers of beverage refills or additions to our meals.  The restaurant was nearly empty with three waitresses.   I convinced my daughter to leave more than a $2.00 tip for our party of five.  We come here all the time.    WHAT HAPPENED?
5	Have you ever had such a good dinner you feel goosebumps of pleasure?Well, this was one of those moments. I placed an order for takeout and it was the Malibu Coconut shrimp with steamed broccoli and a baked potato. The shrimp was breaded with such perfection I could hear the crunch of those wonderful coconut flakes so clear in my ear....mmmm..I love that sound.....veggies were simple, but do not get confused, if they are not treated with care they just end up in a funeral home inside your mouth. Luckily, these two were alive and right on point. My hubby had the firecracker shrimp with the same sides I had and his shrimp was lovely too, it also comes breaded but in this case with a sweet and spicy glaze mixed with a hint of mayo. Ah! I almost forgot, they have a nice cajun ranch dressing you shoud try, it goes really well with the breaded shrimp ;)
3	Average. Ordinary. Not bad but not special, and prices are in the 15 to 25 average. Overcooked shrimp, salty crab legs, OK fish fry. Service OK. I have had a better meal at Red Lobster. Sides are ordinary. And not special either. Red beans are watery and seemed like from a can, not Louisiana style. Very limited tap beer selection. Some decent wine prices by the bottle, by the glass expensive. Nothing special on the wine list.
2	Overall, the seafood is average. Everything Is beer battered so expect it to be super greasy. It does smell very good if you dine inside however. The restaurant is small and the bar take up at least half of the establishment. If I want some good seafood, id do better frying it myself. While the food  wasn't bad, I can cook better fried catfish. I probably won't return in the future.Also, they are $$$. For what you pay, you can go to Costco and buy a pack of fish, fry it yourself and get more pieces. Yeah... No thanks. Not sure what people like about this restaurant.
4	Excellent seafood.  You can always tell when a place is serious about seafood.  This is one of those places.  I had a grilled tuna sandwich that was seared and raw/chilled inside as advertised.  Really good.
5	Excellent food every time we go. Starter muffins with sweet butter are outstanding.  My wife and I have our favorite dishes, but have not been disappointed when trying new ones.  Beer selection is good and service is always prompt.  Easily one of our top choices for lunch or dinner in Madison.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant. I've visited three times, and I was always amazed. Based on how it looks from the outside and based on its prices, I was not expecting such delicious food. They could charge so much more! I particularly love their gumbo, but I honestly never had a dish there that I didn't love. I have been there three times and will definitely visit again and again!
1	Tonight was my second and last attempt at ordering from this restaurant. The food I received was subpar to say the least! I do not recommend this place!
1	I have been here many times over the years-- with friends, family, on dates, and with my wife.  I have lived on the east coast, near the gulf, and visited the west coast many times.  My wife is an east coast transplant.  We know good seafood.  In the past we've happily come here.  It hasnt been the same as what we've eaten near the ocean, but is as good as you would expect in the midwest.I visited on Monday, December 22nd, 2014, with a friend.  Between the two of us we ordered appetizers, entrees, and extra sides.  The food was so sub par we couldnt believe it.  Our appetizers were so bland that, before we got our entrees, we made sure to ask the server for extra seasoning.  Even with that they still tasted completely unseasoned at all.  I ordered cajun shrimp.  How in the world you have cajun shrimp with no seasoning on it whatsoever I have no idea.Our bill came to over $60.  I paid it, but I almost regret doing so.  My friend said he had better seafood at Long John Silvers and I couldnt disagree.I dont know if they changed chefs, or what, but I wont be going back.
