5	This is the only place I will buy jewelry in Las Vegas!  When my parents first moved here in 2005, a coworker of my dad's told him about this hidden gem.  It's in the Neapolitan shopping center downtown just off of Fremont Street.  It's a little off the beaten path, but its well worth the stop!When my husband and I were talking about getting engaged, this was the first place we went.  And it was the best thing we could've done!  We stopped in...told Johnny our price point and we were off and running!  He explained how diamonds and pricing work.  Then he showed us 1 carat,  1/2 carat, and so on.  Ultimately, you know Johnny knows what he's talking about!  He encouraged us to go to other jewelers.  We checked out their pricing and quality.  It was quite a reality shock when we realized what a markup other places have.  I don't think we saw one diamond that compared to anything in his shop.  So flash forward a couple weeks...my husband goes back to Johnny's to buy my engagement ring.  Johnny ended up finding a ring in his safe that he had set himself.  He knew my husband's price point and gave my husband a great deal!  Needless to say, I was more than surprised when he proposed and I saw my ring!  The added bonus is I can go in Johnny's for the rest of my life and have the ring cleaned.   Johnny's family has owned the shop for over 35 years.  It's a family business and you feel like family when you go in here.  After going to a couple different jewelers, this is what I told my husband:  the sales associate you talk to may or may not still work there when you go back into buy your jewelry.  Without a doubt, Johnny and his family will be there.  He always remembers us and always gives us a warm welcome!  I prefer to do business with local people, especially people who are going to treat you right and not pull a scam or something on you.  This is a wonderful place...totally old school Vegas!  If you need or want quality jewelry...Go see Johnny!
5	My fiancee and I picked out the perfect sapphire. We went shopping around for a trusted jeweler to help us create my ring. Del Prado Jewelers is near my workplace so I dropped by during my lunch hour and was greeted by Johnny. He really WOWed me with his personable demeanor and knowledge about metals and setting types. He had lovely bezel settings, but I already had my heart set on a half bezel setting I found online. Johnny helped me measure my stone so I could order the ring setting online. I dropped off the stone and setting with him today and will pick it up this weekend. I can't wait to go back and help my fiance pick out a wedding band!
5	Thank you Johnny for being a part of our special day and for having the perfect wedding rings, which are one of a kinds, just for us! Thanks also to the other customers that left comments about their experiences, because that is how we found this little gem of a shop, like it was called in another post. Johnny was honest and no pressure. He asked what we wanted to spend, what we had in mind, and didn't mind when I said that I didn't like something. He said, then let's find you something you do like, lol. I also found out his wife's name is the same as mine. I felt this was meant to be, to have found his store and to then have found the exact pieces that I had hoped for, but truly didn't think I would ever find. This was our first trip to any jewelry store, we hadn't even looked at home. I definitely recommend that you visit Johnny if you are an out of towner or a local. I am a jewelry snob and I couldn't be more pleased with the entire experience :) Thank you!!
