4	if you are in to rc this is the place to be, they have all the popular stuff and a great choice of aftermarket parts. talk to steve when you go in there he knows his stuff. they dont have the best slection of models or paints (go to hobby town for that)
4	Cool place if you are looking for models and RC stuff.  They have a pretty decent selection and have a bunch of parts around the store if you are in need of a fix (in both the repair and wanting sense).  I actually came in to look for coin folders and stuff to hold currency, but they didn't have anything to offer.  Although the name is a bit misleading, I can't knock them for doing overly well with other hobbies that I do not partake in.  Don't think I'll be back anytime soon but it is a must if you are into racing RCs or flying planes/helicopters.
5	If you are into RC surface, or air stuff you really owe it to yourself to come here. The staff is extremely knowledgeable about the stuff they sell, and also are RC fanatics, so they are basically like an encyclopedia of tips and tricks when you are stuck.
4	Great place for rc fans.  Limited plastic selection but I found two kits I liked, needed.
5	This has been my favorite hobby store in town for probably 10 years.  Mainly because it is close, they have always had parts I need to fix what I break, and the have a good selection of RC car bodies and car models.  I think it used to be better, they used to have a ton of import models, and tons of Tamiya kits always stocked, but not so much now.  The staff is great! Very knowledgeable, especially compared to other stores I have been since picking this hobby back up.  I guess if I could change something, it would be bring back all the import RC kits and model cars like they used to have, and more paint, or a more organized paint section.Either way it gets 5 stars for being my favorite hobby store.  Mainly because it is close and has the stuff I need.  I have found for everything else, Google will tell me a good site to buy it :P
1	I went into this store to buy a new body for my sons slash and to buy a new slash 4x4 probably was going to spend close to $1000 so we can race, The fat Hispanic kid ,that was the only one there because they just opened,was behind the counter, so I go to look at the body's and ask him which ones will fit a slash? He sarcastically replies, "it says right on the tags!" So I think to my self guess he doesn't want to help me?? What kind of trash store is this? Then I ask him what's a slash nitro? Because I was interested in purchasing one and his reply from behind the counter again sarcasticly was, "it's a slash nitro." So at that point I had enough and walked out of the store and went to this other hobby store called hobby town, and ended up spending $1,136 in RC cars and parts, hobby town has excellent customer service, I will spend my money here from now on instead of hobby people. And they wonder why hobby stores go out of business, because you hire sarcastic little pricks with no customer service skills!
1	This is the worst hobby store in the valley Dave the manager or owner or whoever he is will rob you completely blind of every part that he wants and replace it with parts that look exactly the same as your parts but downgraded he took my truck home without my permission then conveniently went on vacation when he got back from vacation my truck was completely downgraded but then he tried to make me believe that I was seeing things even though I had video and photos that I taken before I took it in to prove otherwise. My truck went in there with one simple fix and came out with a cracked frame which was a nice frame carbon fiber frame, completely different and smaller parts, glued together pieces screws that were not even Titans my whole caught my whole truck is loose I used to be able to drop this truck from a two story balcony and it would land without a sound now if I were to drop it off A second-story balcony my truck would shatter it was running when I went in now it won't even start. I beg of you do not take your stuff here go see Eddie on the west side on Sahara he is marvelous he will help you and show you everything he's doing while he's doing it and help you in steps along the way.
