4	In the almost-3 years I've lived in Las Vegas, I've seen new Roberto's locations pop up all over the place.  One thing to remember is that many of the stores are owned by different people, and the quality and menu definitely vary from store to store.  For some reason, the green salsa at this place is WAY hotter than it is at the other locations I've been too.  Huh.This Roberto's is the closest to where I live, and it has always been pretty good.  The carne asada is so-so, the breakfast burritos are okay, but I've found that the carnitas here are better than other Roberto's locations.  When you order the carnitas they quickly fry them to a crisp right before putting them in the burrito or taco.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.
4	THIS GRINGO LOVES THIS MORE AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD FOR A VERY GOOD PRICE AND A QUICK MEAL(I have lived in Vegas for a decade and have eaten at all of the restaurants that I have posted reviews for. To START the review FOR THIS CHAIN RESTAURANT I am using the same text that I've used for the other restaurants in this chain as it applies across the entire franchise.  As you read, however, you will find that I am posting on a specific first-hand experience down below.)I know that the owners and employees of Roberto's, Fausto's, and Maria's Taco Shops are going to hate it when I say this, but they are all the same. BUT WAIT: THAT'S A GOOD THING. It's actually a very good thing. I've lived in Vegas for a decade now and these places are ALL OVER THE PLACE. They all look the same, have the same menu (well, Maria's has a banner inside that has photos of the dishes, but the items are the same), and the consistency is relatively standard considering it's more like home made than from most of the ultra-low end and mid-range Mexican food joints. (Remember, I'm a gringo, so if you're from South of the Border, treat me like a Hawiian does a Haole or a Ninja does a Gaijin and just write me off. But for you gringos, listen up!)The tacos are damn good and are a little over $2. The rolled tacos, what I have called taquitos in the past, are really tasty and come slathered in gaucamole. Hell, I haven't had a bad dish yet.I eat at these places often and sometimes on back-to-back days. One of my favorite dishes to break the monotony is the Nacho Fries. They load on all the nacho stuff onto a bed of fries instead of chips!There is the full range of types of food that you would expect, and many that we gringos are barely aware of. If you're thinking about going to this place, go and check it out. For the price, you can't go wrong.REGARDING THIS SPECIFIC LOCATION:I used to live around the corner from this place and have eaten here over 50 times in the last couple of years. The guy who runs the cash register is really cool and I really admire how hard he works. I wish they didn't have Pepsi products, but then that just makes me drink water which is better for me anyways. Don't forget to check out Henry's right next door, as it's a good place to grab a beer and they have some interesting dishes.
3	You call that a California Burrito?  Las Vegans... that's not a Caifornia Burrito.  Don't believe what you hear; a California Burrito does NOT equal salsa, no guacamole, or "healthy."The perfect California Burrito is debatable.  But mine is a big fat burrito (and you call your burritos burritos?  Those are flautas as far as I'm concerned) with greasy carne asada, pico de gallo, guacamole, sour cream, and FRENCH FRIES!!!  Oh Roberto's please add the french fries to your California Burritos and give a San Diego-girl a taste of home after she goes grocery shopping at Smith's!BTW, we got our first taste of good old-fashioned racism when this haolie asked my BF what was better Chow King or Roberto's.  I was sitting down putting our salsa in the bag and I was SOO confused by how the two are even related.  They aren't!  He just asked because we're Asian... and my BF isn't even Filipino!  I busted up laughing but I know he didn't mean anything by it.  Personally, that was the best taco shop story ever.
5	Over my past couple of visits here I have tried the breakfast burrito, beef burrito, chicken quesadilla, shrimp burrito, and carnitas burrito.  Everything was freshly made and of GREAT (homemade) quality!!!  There is good value here too as the pricepoints and portions are wonderful!  Great job!!
4	If you're looking for late night gut busting drunk food, this is it!!  Greasy, delicious and cheap.  Recommend the Chimichanga.  The other locations are pretty good but this one in particular is the best!
3	My gf introduced me to Roberto's, and if she hadn't, there's an excellent chance I would've missed Roberto's altogether.  It's un-remarkably decorated to the point of almost drab inside and out, at least the location I patronize, but clearly Roberto knows he doesn't need to spend money on the ambiance since people flock there to eat.  I don't really know authentic Mexican food, and I tend to go for the ala cart items like a simple regular taco, but I can judge a good place by the line at the counter that's there no matter what time of day (and Roberto's is open 24/7).  Because of hours of business, the place can sometimes draw an odd crowd.  If I were hungover, second only to Waffle House, I'd go for Roberto's at 3AM, but that's another story for another kind of forum.  My gf gets the #11 every time.  I don't know what all is in that, but she never deviates from that item.  She piles on the carrots from the condiment bar, too.  She loves Roberto's and that's really why I continue to spend money at this place because the food in terms of flavor, doesn't really stand out to me, but I can tell a real difference in Roberto's dishes compared to other fast food Mexican joints.  It's fresh, for starters.  And for fresh, they prepare it made-to-order every time and quickly.  If the crowd at Roberto's is unruly, at least I don't have to hang around there too long.
3	better location 5 min away
4	Of all the roberto's this location is my favorite.  I order one thing only, and thats carne asada fries.  There is nothing better.
3	I felt like I was back in NYC: a panel high on the wall with photos of all the dishes. Tiny sketchy place. I got a chimichanga  and by God it was one of the fattiest things I've eaten in my life. Scratch one more restaurant off the bucket list.
4	I'm not a big fan of Mexican food, but wow.  This place impressed me.I tried two soft shell tacos with carne asada and carnitas and one hard shell taco with shredded beef.  The tortillas were big and fluffy (with a slightly crunchy shell) and the meats were quite tasty.  Maybe a little dry for some people, but that's okay for me.Then I "rewarded" myself with a Churro.  Yum.  Looks like I'll have to give this place four stars...
1	I'd give a 0 if I could. The staff is very friendly, but the food is HORRIBLE! My husband and I got food poisoning from some lengua tacos and Carne asada fries. I guess I should've seen it coming when the cashier/cook said he was having trouble finding the lengua. (cow tongue. Hey, don't knock it till you try it... Somewhere else, of course.)
5	It's really hard to find a good Mexican restaurant especially out here in Vegas..this place has great customer service and great food..I definetly will keep coming back
4	This is one of our local lunch and sometimes-post-gym spots, so my review has been long overdue.Although the food seems somewhat pricey, especially the carne asada fries (never ordering that again when I can just get the carne asada torta w/ fries and a drink special), I have generally had pretty solid experiences here. The food is flavorful and the portions are reasonable. It might not be as "authentic" as some non-chain places, but it generally hits the spot and I don't mind eating here when Ross J's and Chicken Shack get a little boring or just aren't open late at night.Overall, this is not a go-out-of-your-way destination, but a good local spot for Mexican food.
1	They charged up twice for the same order and then yelled at me on the phone saying that because I didn't have my recite on me it wasn't there problem and hung up on me
1	Beware of this Robertos: no hand washing,  no gloves.  Luckily we caught it and had them remake the food.
2	I ordered my meal very clearly to the cashier but they got it wrong. I didn't like the food it was dry. I won't be eating there again. The floors were dirty too.
4	This was all I wanted to eat after my mega 15 hour NYE shift. I had the California burrito loaded with flavor and all kinds of goodness. I've had many things from here over the years, and I'm not sure why this place has gotten some of its unfavorable reviews? It's simple, it's good. No complaints from me! I love the carne asada fries especially, but try not to eat them too often as I'm watching my girlish Gremlin figure. A+, Roberto's. Keep it yummy! xo
1	never never never go to this location!!! im a big robertos fan being from california, but the service was so bad at this particular location i actually had to log on and warn u guys against it!! the guy behind the register was like high or something, lazy, unfriendly and ..forgot my drink once all was said and done.just kinda rude.. i was in a good mood when i came in and so shocked at the service or lack of ,i wanted to run out in the end. if youre new to vegas and gotta have that bomb mexican let me suggest the other location on gibson theyre way better.
1	Woman at the counter was rude, and I watched the man who originally started taking my order handle my food without washing his hands or using gloves...I'll be going to the Roberto's just West of this one from now on where they're clean and friendly.
1	This is by far the worst Roberto's in the area.Its the nearest one to where I currently live so we would go out of convenience. Being that it's a Roberto's the food is basically the same as anywhere else but for some reason getting what you actually ordered is a challenge. They charge a $1.10 to add guacamole to an item and on 3 separate occasions I got home and they had neglected to add it even though I had paid for it. I initially shrugged it off and didn't want to get all bent about the situation but it definitely got on my nerves.The next time I went in I made sure to tell them about the guac situation and this time they included it but still charged me despite their 3 past screw ups. I thought, alright fine it's just a dollar.A few days later we returned for breakfast burritos. Took the order home and they had put the wrong meat inside of one of them. I don't know how Carne Asada gets confused with Shredded Beef - and in a breakfast burrito nonetheless. Gross combination. At that point it was clear that they are simply too incompetent to get a to-go order done correctly. A mistake or two is understandable but this is just ridiculous. It happened time after time, consecutively. I shouldn't have to babysit them while they make the damn food to make sure they are doing their jobs correctly. I have never had this issue at the other location I used to frequent and though it is a longer drive I will be going back to the old location. Don't waste your time and money on this Roberto's. They are sloppy and careless. They don't pay attention to what they are doing, especially at 1am when the place is dead and they aren't even busy (which is usually when we would go). No thanks.
1	worse than the garbage they call their enchilada sauce.My husband and I went there this evening, the man who took our order (finally) spoke one word the whole time we were ordering which was "combo?" To my request for the #3. We got home to discover his beef nachos filled with bell pepper and onions. No big deal, maybe we should've asked. We go back, I explain he doesn't eat this and ask to exchange it. The man has to call the manager (while I'm at the car explaining to my husband that ALL their meat choices apparently come with the peppers and onions) I come back and he gives me his phone so the manager can explain that her employee told us there would be peppers and onions in the meat. I asked if she would just refund my money and she very condescendingly said "well just this once". No apology, no customer service  .I would rather drive the extra 10 minutes to the next closest one than go back.
5	Can't get enough of Roberto's!!!! Breakfast, lunch and dinner! All is amazing! Love their tacos and their carne asada! Delish! Breakfast burritos are cheap, huge and amazing!
1	Never again! 0 stars!! Ordered aChicken burrito and it's was super soggy and water was just dripping out it , pretty much fell apart in my hands. The staff was not at all friendly and the Place is dirty.Go to Taco Y Taco on Trop & Pecos , much much better..
1	Terrible location. Dirty. When I went the owners children were in the kitchen eating and running around. Got home to find a toothpick cooked into my rolled taco. Got a refund but still very disgusted. I drive a little extra to go to a cleaner location.
1	Upgrade your stuff this place gave me cold chicken from the beginning I felt as if the atmosphere was off and after receiving the gruel in which I did I knew I should have followed my gut feeling. Please Roberto hear my words and refine this location.
1	My son and I resolved never to eat here again. We ordered chicken tacos and it smelled gross and tasted gross and we couldnt even finish our tacos. The next day I had the runs!
1	Got off of work late night around 12:20~am on Wednesday, December 31st of 2014 and thought, hey, why not Roberto's? It's close by, cheap, tastes pretty damn good. For that night though, I was wrong. And I've been wrong about this particular location a few times before.First off, some of the most consistent complaints I hear/have noticed myself are that the chicken is dry every time and the employees are rude. Rather than specify all of them, they is one in particular who, on that aforementioned night, was worse than anyone I've ever seen in customer service.He was working alone that night, slowly getting orders done, as they were a good chunk of people waiting before me. However, during my time waiting, I watched as the employee "worked." He never once washed his hands, put on gloves, or, at the least, use some hand sanitizer. Instead, he took several orders, touched money, and handled practically every piece of food with his bare hands. Besides his truly disgusting habits, the employee made my order wrong and rudely told me it was not. I ordered a simple burrito of four ingredients: chicken, beans, eggs, and rice. Instead, he gave me two separate burritos, one chicken and one bean. Odd thing was, I've had him make it before, but this time he didn't seem to understand. He didn't offer to remake my food, nor give me my money back. Instead, he unrolled one of the burritos and just dumped it in the other one. He loudly sighed and excessively wrapped it and stuffed it into a styrofoam container and then in a bag, even after I asked him to just leave it as is. He even went as far as to rudely shush my girlfriend after she tried to politely explain that I did indeed order one burrito.Not only was his hygiene awful, but his attitude as well. The employee wasn't dressed up for work and just didn't seem to care. He looked to be roughly along the height o 5'6", stocky, 30-40 years of age, slicked back black hair, and with a very uncaring look about his face at all times. I love Roberto's, but I now know to never come to this location again.
