3	I have never really liked to see movies at Scottsdale 101. It's the closest Harkins to my house, but it is always so packed! I always have to order tickets online or get there ridiculously early. I think one reason I prefer other theaters is because Scottsdale 101 isn't the most fun place to hang out. It feels like mostly parking lot to me, instead of being aimed giving people places to sit and walk outside like other outdoor malls in Scottsdale. The movie theater itself is very nice and new, and it does house The Cine Capri which is a great place to see any movie you have been looking forward to. Sometimes I get here to late on a whim and the show I wanted to see is sold out. BOO!
4	It's very busy, but has a lot of movie choices.  Seats are comfy and concessions are not too expensive.  Good popcorn.
3	What... Is this place 15 bucks to get into these days? Great place to see a movie, but I have been there a few times when the feature was sold out an hour before showtime. Buy the "Souvenir Cup" and get refills for only a dollar! I like the popcorn sprinkles too.
2	Leading into my first time going to this theater, my younger sister told me about how she had a problem last time using her student ID.  She's a high school student and was seeing a movie on a weekend, but was told her student ID wasn't valid on weekends.  What?  My sister's a good student; she's busy studying on weekdays and can't make it out to the movies!We're seeing a matinee, so the student ID wasn't an issue.  What WAS an issue was that we were seeing Adventureland, a rated R movie, and my little sister is 15.  I showed my ID (and I'm 30), but this wasn't good enough.  I was informed that I had to be a parent or guardian.  I said I was her guardian, and a DIFFERENT box office rep stepped in and asked, "Do you have power of attorney?"  I said I didn't have it on me, and he rudely continued, "Well do YOU want to pay the $25,000 fine if we get one for allowing someone under 17 into a rated R movie?"  Clearly, he meant it as a rhetorical question, but I answered, "Yes."  He was stunned, so I said, "You didn't think I'd call your bluff, did you?"  Sorry, I'm a poker player.The two box office reps then conferred with their boss, and after much trepidation, sold me the tickets.Once in the theater, someone came in and informed the audience that the projector for the pre-movie trailer stuff was broken and we would only have audio.  No offer of any compensation, even for the guy who was really upset about the lack of commercials and movie trivia (I didn't care).Once the movie started, everything was fine, but sheesh, way to make me not want to come back to your theater!
4	This theater is on the nicer end of the spectrum, and it's in a pretty quiet strip mall, so parking is usually not a problem.  Lots of screens gives you lots of options and times.  One of the things I don't like about this place is the lack of stand-out eating, drinking, and coffee options in the immediate vicinity.  Go for the movie and head west to City North and Desert Ridge area, or south to Kierland (not that there are any great places to eat in any of these malls, but at least you have flexibility).  I don't know that I've ever seen a movie in this particular CineCapri.  What it is is a single screen that's basically much larger than the rest (I have been to the newer location at Tempe Marketplace).  This location also has a number of normal-sized screens (which I have experienced, hence this review) to offer you additional options.
5	Great theater to see 1st release movies. Cine' Capri is AWESOME! Get there early or go on Monday morning to avoid crowds. Other theaters are more than adequate for watching end enjoying any movie. Local area restaurants are varies casual to mildly dressy (it is Scottsdale after all). Senior discounts are offered too.
3	When I lived in North Scottsdale, this was one of my "go-to" theaters.  Now it's a bit of a drive, but I made the trek today... the plan was to meet my parents to see a 4:30 movie of The Blind Side. But plans don't always come to fruition as was the case today...When they arrived at 4:10, Blind Side was sold out.  Luckily, there was a 4:40 of Precious, so me and my two moms decided to stay for that while the guys opted out and went to an early dinner instead.  We made our way through the crowd to theater #13 and what did we see? a packed theater - the only seats together were in the first two rows.  I got knocked around as we stood attempting to find seats but that never happened.  Now I'm home from the movie and my neck is killing from sitting so close to the screen.So yes, this theater is clean, has friendly staff, offers typical concessions, and gets a decent selection of movies. But my advice is to arrive early if you go, and try to avoid going on Saturdays.  I will not be making that mistake again!On another note, the movie was difficult to watch but extremely well done.
4	I don't go to a heck of a lot of movies in theatres (I'd rather curl up with my beloved NetFlix with a beautiful glass of wineand watch on my 5' x 7' theatre projection screen,  than walk on popcorn and lean my head back on a chair on wonder how many other heads of hair were here last).But I have to say, there the experience at Cini Capri makes the theatre going experience something I don't mind going to in this cinema.  Now, if only they had a full service bar - why don't movie theatres do that, btw ??  (that's why the minus 1 star...)
3	I probably shouldn't be the one you go to for movie theater advice, but I will do my best. I will forewarn you by mentioning that I'm not a fan of chain places at all, and for most people that is limited to chain restaurants and shopping establishments, for me it literally means that I'm not fond of big chain metropolises of monstrosity... including movie theaters. I just don't see the need for it. However, this is where the film scene shows their films, so I do end up here several times a year. And, it's not too bad. Not so bad that I'll stop going to see local films here. And not so bad that I do make the insanely long trek here at least 3 times a year. I appreciate that harkins has their ticketing outside the theater, and the lines at the concession stand usually aren't too long. However, it's awkward to navigate for me and I'm surprised at how small most of the theaters are. This could be why they sell out fast. While I appreciate small theaters, it just seems to not really fit in with the vastness of everything else.
4	Yes, this review pretty much only applies to the Cine Capri. However, the other theatres here are pretty nice, and the gourmet snack bar has plenty of goodies. This is not the original Cine Capri, unfortunately. That one met its fate as the curtain closed on The Titanic. Really...that was the last thing the original showed.Anyhow - this one is designed similar to the original, same big room and a 30'*70' screen. Yes, it has the gold waterfall curtains. Yes, the seats are updated a la Harkins rocker-style. Yes, the sound system is multi-channel (the original was also if you waited a couple of weeks into Star Wars. Perhaps you saw it in both Stereo and Multi-channel if you went twice.)No, Harkins did NOT drag the 70mm projector over here from the original. BOO.Yes, they still open the curtain as the Feature starts (but it is open during the previews and they close it only momentarily just to re-open it). WTF?The theatre is nice, big and more of a place to hit up when you are going to see an "event" picture. Anything directed by Cameron, Coppola, Scorcese, etc. would qualify. It is NOT a good place to check your email, text your buddies, or comfort your baby. This is a theatre destination, not a place to kill 2 hours. If you wanna kill a couple hours - hit up one of the smaller screens  to watch Scary Movie 27.
4	Overall, I really like this movie theater. I especially love catching a movie in the big Cine Capri screen. I think it's fun that they start each movie at that auditorium with the curtains sliding in and out again with the Cine Capri logo projected on the curtains. I don't really look for munch in a movie theater. Just that it's clean inside; the picture is in good quality; and the sound is great. I really like how there are many self-serve kiosks where you can go past the line and buy your own ticket. That's very convenient. It amazes me how people stand outside in line when they can go inside to quickly purchase their tickets. Another plus to this movie theater are the large number of merchants in the surrounding area. I also like how the chairs rock; a fact that becomes even more apparent to me when I go visit AMC.The only thing I might say is a negative at this movie theater is that sometimes the upholstery in the seating smells old. Otherwise, it's a great place to see a movie.
5	Great theatre! Super clean and nice sound in all theatres. Only caveat: I can read the prices on the beverage and popcorn menu sign thing, so when I order a medium, I want a medium, I can see that for 50 cents more I can get the large. I just don't want to pee myself when I get caught up in a good flick. But thanks anyway.
5	This theater has it all, great value, cleanliness, and location.If Harkins were a big box store, it would be Target, to AMC's Walmart. This location (like all other Harkins) is full of friendly employees, upscale facility, and great movies.I can't imagine that many people would choose AMC over Harkins, but just in case you need reasons to love Harkins, here are a few.-Loyalty rewards cup. Purchase this cup once a year, and the rest of the year you get one dollar refills. This is an amazing value! In addition to being green, it's great on your wallet, and really a considerate thing that Harkins does.-Refill on large and XL popcorn bags. Purchase either LG or XL popcorn bags, and you get one free refill. While it is noted that it needs to be on the same visit, Harkins is nice enough to not enforce that. After you finish your movie, just fold up your popcorn bag and throw it into your empty cup, now you are ready for your next flick.Harkins is also locally owned, so when you spend your money, more of it stays in AZ, which is great.One last tip, if there is ever a line at the box office, just bypass the line, go inside and use one of the little automated machines, and save tons of time.
5	This is not the original Cine Capri... And I absolutely loved watching movies @ the original Cine Capri! Cine Capri was a theatre destination for me when I went to ASU 20+ years ago! Between the 70mm projector, with 30' by 70' widescreen, & a multi-channel sound system with a curtain opening that made you sink into your velvet plush rocker-style Theatre seats! Because as the big wide screens curtain opened you got sucked into world created by creative imaginations of Coppola, Scorsese, Spielberg, & Cameron. . I'm not being nostalgic, I'm just stating a fact that I don't feel the goose bumps that I use to feel as the original with the gold waterfall curtains slid open and the Cine Capri logo is projected on the curtains. The last thing the original Cine Capri showed was Titanic, I think maybe with the splendor of the Cine Capri & Titanic there was some parallels that could be drawn between the two & it was a befitting Last Curtain Call...The new Cine Capri has some of the same features as the original Cine Capri, and pays homage to the original... this one has similar to the original multi-channel sound system.  But as the new 3-D & digital presentations are trying to give you the same sensation if not more, the new auditorium is not quite as grand as the original. It might be the same big size room, but the layout is elongated and not as wide as the original. Make sure you don't get caught in the first 4 rows because you cannot see the whole screen!However, I cannot say anything really bad about this theatre and the multiplex that is attached to it. Its 1st class as far as customer service, cleanliness & snack bars go.  It is also the best theatre to see larger than life "event" features such as Avatar, Spiderman, and Iron Man.Ok a little nostalgia, I do wish I could go back & catch Spartacus, Lawrence of Arabia, & The Original Star Wars on the Original Cine Capri 70mm projector!You will definitely see me in this place again and again!
2	I don't know how many of you have ever dined and dashed. But that's exactly what happened to me and my boys on Christmas Eve. We went and saw the last showing of the night for Tron and bought the refillable popcorn and drinks. At about 9pm when we went back to get a popcorn refill we found that all the employees had left the counter and it was closed up, the movie ended around 10pm. I dined and the theatre employees dashed. I was ticked because I paid EXTRA for extra popcorn. I thought I would try this theatre, but will continue to patronizeTempe Marketplace or Desert Ridge the next time I want to see a movie. Goodbye Harkins on Mayo Blvd.
4	OK, I used to work for AMC, and it is always tough for me to go to a Harkins instead of AMC....but all my friends refuse to go to AMC, and for a good reason $$$$Tickets are cheaper, they have a special cup that is a buck more expoensive, but then after you buy it, you only pay $1 for refills. That is awesome...My friend Tanya will laugh at me, cuz when I go, instead of a refill, I usually get water.Harkins is more modernly decorated than most AMCs. They finally switched their uniforms to a more comfortable slacks and polo. I am sure that improved employee moral.My favorite: Recently Harkins has been showing more and more midnight showings. Usually midnight showings was left for the most popular movies, but now they do almost any. I guess finally they spent time calculating out the amount of labor and sales, and decided it is well worth it to spend the extra labor and have these midnight shows. My friends and I now go the the movies much more often, trying to be the first person in town to see a new movie.
3	I've always been a big fan of Harkins Theaters and their support for local festivals (cough phoenix film festival cough).  Harkins 101 has always been a great place.  It's not close to me at all, but I dont mind traveling there once a year for the festival.  Why not more?  Well I have Harkins on 83rd Ave near me, so yeah.. This is a cool place and the people there are alright.  "Why just 3 stars?"   It's not my favorite, but I dig it.
4	I don't go to the theatre much any more.  It's so much nicer to watch a movie in the comfort of your own home, and now you can buy your own flat screen that's almost as big Harkins'...well maybe not.  So, if I really can't wait for Redbox or if I get a gift certificate, this is the place I go.  I've never had a bad experience here with talking or seat kicking.  You could also grab dinner at Kierland commons down the street.  And it's always a plus when the movie I want to see is playing in the Cine Capri.
2	Love Harkins.Love Great Movies!HATE THE ASS-BUSTING SEATS HERE!  OMG, after only half an hour I thought my rear had been kicked by a giant horse.  Dear lord, can you make a movie theater seat that is just a tad more comfortable?  I have sat in subcompact cars that have more comfortable seating.  This was just evil.  I would prefer waterboarding to the seating here.
1	Worst.seats.ever. We are avid movie-goers and this theater has, by far, the most uncomfortable movie seats anywhere in the valley. It totally ruins the movie-going experience when you can't get comfortable in the seats. We will absolutely NOT be back to this theater again.
4	This theatre has a fun atmosphere to go see a movie at .  The food choice is superb and they have fun games if younger kids wanna play a fun arcade game or two!  Always friendly staff and clean bathrooms is always a plus!
3	Good theatre, sound system and screens are top shelf.  I didn't get AIDS either so that a plus.
5	Now this Harkins theater has a Cine Capri theater as well. What is Cine Capri you ask.....well it is like an IMAX....just not as big...and lacks some of the great IMAX audio. However it is a great experience and it is very historic. I saw Transformers here and man it was almost like being at an IMAX theater. The seats were very comfortable.....the theater was large....and the ambience was suburb. This theater has a lot of history and it is on display throughout the lobby area.....I encourage everyone to go and check it out. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
3	Cool, clean place.  Saw my first movie here ("Horrible Bosses" w/ a friend) a couple of weeks ago, and I wouldn't mind going back.  Nice to see a bit of Cine-Capri's history tucked in a corner...Will have to go back and have a longer look around... Wonder if there are D-box seating here?  IMAX, maybe?
4	I prefer it over AMC and it is right around the corner in Desert Ridge. I rather go a bit further and get me some Tea Light Cafe BBQ noodles, hit up some wings at Buffalo Wild or get a pita from Extreme Pita before or after the movie. But the review needs to be about the Theatre, I know.. So here is what makes Harkins, in my opinion a much better choice: 1) Cine Capri Theatre. HUGE, comfortable, kick-ass sound and a great movie experience guaranteed to get this Theatre if the movie is not a blockbuster or popular) 2) Popcorn is usually hot and fresh (and you get a free one with every $25 gift card purchase) Buy the Harkins souvenir cup for future visits for $1 refills. 3) The flavored salt you can choose any apply yourself. White Cheddar, ranch (my favorite) Carmel or nacho. 4) The employees are friendly and don't seem annoyed to help you out. See you at the movies!
4	Other than perhaps the Cine Capri, this theater doesn't really offer anything that you can't find at any other Harkins.  Having said that; If you're going to head out to the movies, there's no reason to pass over this theater.  it's a big, clean multiplex, which attracts a big crowd, but manages to never really feel too packed.  The auditoriums have stadium seating, plus good picture quality and a nice sound system.Enjoy your show!
5	This is the theatre I frequent most often. Plenty of parking, lots of places to eat for before or after the movie, lots of movie choices, friendly staff.
4	This movie theater is handy for the freeway (101) and Scottsdale road.They have the Cine Capri wrap-around screen here but we usually just check out the movies on the regular screens.Not normally crowded and plenty of parking this is a good place to go see a movie.
4	Large, clean theaters.  Lots of parking and restaurants nearby.
5	Great theaters. Free popcorn with Harkins shirt.  $1 pop refill with souvenir cup.Small restaurants and chain restaurants in the same shopping center.Try Tea Light Cafe if you like noodle soup bowls, fast service, and reasonable pricing.  it is a  hundred feet or so to the left when looking at the theater entrance.
4	This is our favorite spot to catch a movie.  There is a theater closer, but the seats are awful!  Harkins has good seats and always has the movies we want to see!
3	03/22/12Saw the 7p preview screening of "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen," starring Ewan McGregor, Emily Blunt, and Amr Waked, and loved it!  If you like British rom-coms/dramedies, or these actors (Waked is alluring!), then you must check the film out when it opens.Today also marked the midnight screening of "The Hunger Games," and I couldn't believe the amount of teens already camped out at 630p!!Great location- plenty of parking and many shops and restaurants nearby (great if you have time to browse before the movie).
3	The only reason I go to this remote location (for me) is the Phoenix Film Festival. This festival is worth the small trip! And considering I'm a person that loves movies and has no problem watching more than 2 a day, it would be wonderful if Harkins could offer coffee/tea and something else aside from popcorn and the 3 or 4 hot food items they have. But thanks for keeping services clean during this hectic and crowded festival!
3	Since I go here so much, I should give this a higher rating, but I'm sticking with three stars.Pros: loyalty cups ($4.75 to get the cup, $1 refills for the rest of the year), convenient location, stadium seating, decent amount of showings after 8pm.Cons: The people at the ticket booth are usually pretty rude to me, but kill my friends with kindness.Unless you want to spend a bit of money on food or eat fast food, there's really nothing to eat around the theatre when you go past 8pm. Buffalo Wild Wings used to be right next door, but it's closed.This is a weekend hotspot for middle and high school kids, mostly high school kids. So if you don't feel like dealing with them, avoid this place like the plague on Friday and Saturday nights.The parking lot is an absolute nightmare. As soon as people enter it, they completely forget how to drive.In the summer, I still have to wear long pants and a sweater or else I die of hypothermia in the theatre. Then I step outside and die from heat stroke.
5	I enjoy this movie theatre. It's clean, the seats are comfortable,  the staff are friendly and they sell reusable cups. Bring the cup back and your soda refill is only $1. Pretty sweet deal. What else is there to say?
4	I really enjoy seeing movies at the Cine-Capri this is supposed to be the largest screen in Arizona. This is one of my favorite Harkins Theaters their loyalty program is great and the staff is always very friendly. The only think I don't enjoy is having to stand in line to see a movie in the Cine-Capri that part is for the birds.
4	Great theatre.  Cleaner than most.  $1 refill with loyalty cup.  Kids are nicer here than most of the other Harkins I've encountered.  Theatre is huge and parking is available since BWW no longer shares the parking lot.  Overall and enjoyable experience.
4	The only theater we go to in the area. They keep it very clean.
5	I've tried Ultrastar, AMC, Studio Movie Grill, Dickinson, and Century theatres.  Not only is Harkins the best theater option out there with there free popcorn(with shirt) and $1 sodas (with cup), this is their best location!  I will never go anywhere else again!
4	Was a nice theater.  Nice seats.  Good prices.  I appreciate being able to but a cup I can get refilled for a dollar.  The special cinema area where Spiderman was being shown did harken back to an earlier time.  Staff was friendly.  All in all a good experience.
5	Love the special options for treats and the seats are the most comfortable in town.  Only place for movies in north Scottsdale in my opinion.
5	I will ONLY go to Harkins theaters and this one is the best yet. Harkins has fresh popcorn and yummy butter flavoring, kind employees, and super clean theaters. AMC on the other hand as rude workers, dirty carpet, old theaters, and GROSS popcorn. Even the super comfy AMC seats can't entice me. It's Harkins all the way.This theater is super big and I never wait more than 5 minutes for concessions no matter how long the line is -- they have like 10 concession counters. Of course it is movie theater pricing ($6 for a bottle of water) but Harkins has a loyalty program: if you buy their reusable plastic cup for like $6 you can get refills for $1 all year. I'm in. If you really want to show off you can get a Harkins t-shirt and if you wear it you get a free medium popcorn. I go to the movies a lot and this would save me money but I don't want to wear the shirt. Some people do though, more power to them.Bathrooms are always spotless.Great location next to many restaurants and causal dining places. LOVE HARKINS
3	A very nice theater in our neighborhood.  Here's a breakdown of my experience with it:Pros+ It's very clean and offers a decent experience for watching a movie.  + The teenage kids who work here are really nice and friendly.....which is rare nowadays.+ Decent selection of food outside the theater in the mall it's located in.+ They serve Icee, which brings back memories of 7-11 runs when I was a kid.Cons- The food isn't bad, but of course the prices are high.  - Parking is challenging during peak hours.Overall, it's a pretty good theater.Return Factor - 70%
5	This is our favorite place to catch a movie!
4	Nice modern Theatre
3	I like this chain, and this location.  The food options are good, and of course you have those Harkins plastic re-fill cups.  What I am going to attempt on Yelp, is less a review of the theatre and more of a review of the movie(ies) we just saw. Because in the end, they're interchangeable right?  It's all part of the experience. Decent seats, good selection of what is out there currently, an easy line and a good price.  That's what we look for in a movie theatre.  Since we go to movies two or three times a month, why not share our thoughts of the movie we just saw as well?BTW, stop in at CafePino's afterwards.  You'll be happy you did!*********************************************************************************Denzel Washington is incredible in the movie "Flight", which is a slow motion descend into darkness, which is hard to watch or for us to turn away.  His performance is as good as "He Got Game" or "Training Day!"This is a slow burn, five Yelp thumbs up!
4	Overall great!
4	This is a nice theater.  Alas our show was not in the Cine Capris theater.  But their regular theater was nice.  There was plenty of leg-room, so when people needed to get by I didn't even have to stand up.  THAT was nice.  I could stretch out a little and not kick the folks in front of me.  Even better than most other Harkins theaters.  The sound was adequate (typical of a Harkins), and the screen was pretty standard.  A bit small, but that is the standard now.Typical concession stand with typical outrageous prices.  They do offer "seasoning" for the popcorn so you can make it like kettle corn, or some other choices.  A very nice touch.  Employees were nice, and very casual.  Some places it almost seems like the employees are just looking for some infraction of some rule.  Not here.  Just decent customer service.
3	I grew up in Phoenix with the original Cine Capri, which was a great place to see a movie - big screen and incredible sound system for the day.  So I was looking forward to seeing a movie at this theatre in the Cine Capri.  The experience was pretty disappointing - the screen wasn't much bigger than most theatres, and the place was pretty dirty.
4	My husband and I came here to see Star Trek: Into Darkness at the Cine Capri. This was our first time and we were not disappointed. This Harkins is ginormous! The lobby is large and then the actual theater and screen are huge! We didn't grab anything from the concession stands, but they seemed to have a rather large selection. Then, inside the theater, the traditionally red seats were comfy and relaxing. We had a perfect view of the screen. The screen itself was huge and encased by curtains. Before the movie started, a Harkins employee (Dean) introduced the movie. The curtains swung open and created an experience. Overall, it was a little cold inside, but most theaters are too cold for me. We'd definitely go back and see another movie here.
5	I probably come to this theatre the most out of all the theatres since this is where the monthly sometimes biweekly movies from the Independent Film of Phoenix films are shown.  I've come to really enjoy coming here after I figured out that to miss out on all the hassles of trying to park, go to the side parking lot then cut through the "alley" and you are right in front of the theatre hassle free!  Why am I sharing this secret with you, you might ask?  Well, guess cause I'm a Yelper and hey if I can help someone else out by making their lives easier, I'm willing to share my tips.The theatre is a Harkins which means it's big and clean.  And lots of movie choices.I love how friendly the staff is here.  Usu. they just wave me right in when I tell them I am there for an IFP screening.This theatre is also where the Phoenix Film Festival is held each year.  What a cool theatre to be willing to host such a great event ran in majority by volunteers.Easy to get to, right off of the 101, on Scottsdale road.
4	We like the Harkins theaters over the other around the Phoenix area.  All of them seem to be very well run. They are clean, and for the most part have good service and this one fits this bill.  The Harkins theaters offer some specials for reduced drinks and popcorn refills, just ask someone for the details. We came here to watch some local short films and we had an excellent time.  The movie theater was very accommodating and the short films were awesome to watch!  The seats are huge and comfy and you can raise up the arm rest to get closer to the one beside you if you plan to watch something scary! All of the Harkins theaters are kid friendly and most if not all offer baby sitting while you watch a movie. It's great! Enjoy!
5	The Cine Capri now features a  Dolby Atmos sound system. Its one of 37 in the US that have it so far, but expect it to catch on! It is 64 discrete channels of surround, allowing sounds to be placed with pinpoint precision in 3-dimensional space.Many of the speakers are now directly overhead - allowing for accurate portrayals of rainfall, or awesome jet flyovers. There's also around a dozen in the back - so if there is ever a Twister 2, you'll be able to be INSIDE the tornado, sonically at least. No, they Don't show 3d flicks at the Capri, if you want to see a 3d version of the flick, you can catch it in one of the many other theatres here, sans Dolby Atmos and giant screen.Projection system is as good as ever, maybe better. If you are a techno-geek or audiophile, you have to hear this system to believe it.
5	My husband and I love going to the movies!  Doesn't really even matter which movie :)  We frequent this Theatre as it is so close to home.  The staff is always polite, helpful, and witty - making it fun!  Also, we invest in the souvenir cups and pop corn shirts each year to save a bundle.
5	My favorite theater and favorite location forever and always. I've been going here for years and prefer it GREATLY to places like AMC. They have student discounts always, not just once a week. They have the best candy. They give free cups of ice water. And once I was here for a free movie screening, and there were at least 2x-3x more people than they were expecting, and so they gave free movie passes to everyone who showed up but didn't get into the free screening. What a great way to run a business.
5	While Harkins is my favorite movie theater chains . I like coming to this theater because they have the Cine-Capri.  Cine-Capri is one of the biggest movie screens in Phoenix.    It is always fun waiting a new movie at Harkins.  Most of the time I come here with my family.   The popcorn here is great and I always being my Harkins cup to get a refill for $1.50.  :)
5	I just love this theater group. Always great theaters. Always clean. The stuff are very friendly. And the best loyalty program of all.This location has the Large Cine Capri. So it's great replacement for an IMAX
1	I go to harkins all the time and this is the first time ive been disappointed with this theatre. Me and my friend went to go see a pre screening and we didnt get in. But thats not what im upset about. I dont get to see a movie oh well life goes on but the fact that they were taking ppl out of line from the back of the line for them to see the movie. Im sorry if your target audience is teenagers then you need to say that and not waste peoples time. Get your act together and let people know that you want teens to watch the movies and dont waste other peoples time.
5	This location has the Large Cine Capri. I always enjoy watching a movie in the huge screen, the next best thing to IMAX.This theater is always clean and has friendly staffs.
3	Cine Capri is great, especially for movies like Gravity.  Food and drink choices could be improved, though they're certainly better than Desert Ridge's.  Had issues one time with broken seats and crazy loud volume.  Still usually better than AMC.
4	I like Harkins and it is my choice of theatre over others. The consistency of going makes it better. You know what to expect and it's the same every time. The employees are generally nicer than other theaters I've noticed and the cine Capri is huge! Always enough seats.The only bummer is that the food is shit and anything at the counter is three times the price of what it should be. My advice: invest in the $5 cup, so every time for the year you come back, it's only $1.50 to fill up. & always bring your own candy!
4	This is one of the two major theaters we frequent (the other being the Harkins on Shea)... It goes beyond the typical multi-plex, and the staff is always friendly, and the management seems to have a firm grasp on staffing requirements, which keeps the lines down.
4	Located in a shopping plaza that also has a number of restaurants, this theater is an easy location to find yourself heading into.  You could easily make this theater a part of a busy dinner / date / night out and they have a large number of theaters, so the are usually playing all the recent releases (including 3D options).  Headed here with a girlfriend to see Frozen, and we were easily able to grab a ticket at the window and head in.  There were plenty of staff members heading up the concessions, so we were both able to order at separate registers at the same time and head into our movie with snacks in hand in just a few minutes.  The theater was clean and the movie played without a hitch! Overall: AGood theater location within a good shopping plaza / restaurant area.  Staff was friendly and efficient with ensuring that you get your snacks while still making it to your movie.  Tickets were a breeze to purchase at the window!
5	I love this place. Love the $1.50 Loyalty cup (loved it even more as a $1 cup) . Love Michael P tearing tickets at the door and asking me what I'm going to see this week. Love the Nostalgia of having pieces of the original cine capri in the lobby. I love it so much that I give all my clients 2 harkins tickets when they refer me a client.  My favorite GO TO place every weekend, and sometimes on school nights :)
5	Let's face it, Yelpers. Going to the movies isn't a cheap date or family affair anymore. Or, was it ever? I dunno, but the breakdown (in general) is:$8.50 - 1 adult ticket$7.00 - 1 large, buttered popcorn$4.00 - 1 box of Junior Mints candy$5.00 - 1 soda$24.50 TOTALEven though movies are steep, I still like to go and this location is always clean and friendly, with theater seats that rock gently. Cheaper alternatives is smuggling candy contraband and bottle of water in your purse. Or waiting it out for HBO, or even cheaper, RedBox.
5	By far my favorite theater to go to! The theater is in a shopping plaza that has great restaurants, and is right by the freeway for easy access. Inside the theater is a friendly staff who always are personable and seem passionate about their jobs. The reasons I choose Harkins are for the loyalty program, the large screens (especially the Cine-Capri) and the comfortable seats. Much better than AMC in my opinion.
5	Good theatre, got tickets and good seats... Air conditioning worked well, bathrooms were very clean... And so were the floors in the theatre.
5	How fun is this we have been coming here for years and we love it !!! Thank you so making us movie lovers the best experience ever!!!
5	Best venue to watch a movie in the valley. Clean, stadium seating, manual butter machines and did I mention it's clean? Love this Harkins!
5	First time at the Cina-Capri!  We really enjoyed ourselves!
5	We usually go to Harkins on Bell and 51. This one had better seats and a larger screens. Everything else was the same- Great service, friendly people and harkins shirt and cup:)
4	This was my first time at a Harkins theatre. We didn't have them in my hometown, so when I moved here I remained loyal to another chain. But it was time to spread my wings! The Harkins 101 is a huge complex.  It had a very clean auditorium and comfortable seats. The movie screen was large & perfect for the 3D movie I was seeing.  The temperature in the auditorium was also perfect; not too hot or too cold. A Harkins employee came galavanting through the theatre during the movie, which was quite distracting. Not sure what that was about. The restroom was clean but kind of small, and there were only 3 wash stations. For a theatre this size they should have more to accommodate large crowds. I didn't visit the concession stand, but in passing I saw that they offer White Castles, which I don't eat, but it reminded me of home so it made me happy.  I had an enjoyable experience & I'll definitely return.
5	The best place to watch a movie in town. If you are not in the Cine Capri that is okay the other Theatres are also nice, clean and kept up.If you are going to see a big feature movie you want to see it at the Cine Capri because of the size of the screen and the sound system which is superior. Growing up in Phoenix I use to go to the original Cine Capri on 24th st and Camelback to watch Star Wars and One of my first movies as a child - Jungle Book. What an impression that Theatre made on me.The current location at Mayo and Scottsdale and is surrounded by shopping and restaurants. There is plenty of parking and the area is growing and safe.Their popcorn is fresh and is popped right in front of you. Make sure you have your loyalty cup and buy a gift card for at least $25 to get the free popcorn and use it then to get your tickets.This is my first choice place to watch a movie and will continue come here
5	Good
4	Solid movie theater and closest one to home. Comfortable seats, stadium seating, good ticket prices before 7, concessions (if that's your thing). Lots of places nearby to shop and eat at.
5	Love this place quiet very clean great friendly workers lots of movies to choose from too see
5	I am a harkins fan. And I go a lot due to free tickets I get but this place is a great clean theatre. It has a lot of movie screens and has some Cine-Capris. Nicer area than some of the other Harkins I've frequented in Scottsdale
5	I really like this location. I went here to meet an old friend and to get some gift certificates and they workers that I dealt with were really nice and professional. I remember having this one bad instance at another location, but I haven't been back to that one, and just come here.
1	Went to a  6:20 PM movie on 9/26. It began fine, but about half way thru the movie it became very warm in the theater. My wife, which is usually cold, said she was uncomfortably warm also. It's obvious they cut the refrigeration in the theater to save money. We were cheated!  This is the second time this has happened there.  IPic is much better.
4	Decent enough movie theater. Fast lines for concessions and buying tickets. They also have white castle burgers which some people might get excited about.
4	I've enjoyed this movie theater every time I've visited. It's always been really clean inside and the employees have always been friendly. The one improvement I'd make is for them to do something to update Fandango quicker when shows sell out. This Harkins was a bit away from home so not something I want to encounter when I get there. Anyway, no other complaints. The seats are comfortable and the surround sound is pretty good.
4	This theater is average. Clean and well kept. Their cashiers are friendly enough. Not a bad place to catch a movie with the family and walking distance from my home.
1	Horrible management and terrible customer service.  These people should be ashamed and disgusted with themselves.  The experience that i just had was completely unprofessional. During the entire time they refused to listen and claimed they could do nothing to help until another time.  I know this to be false as I have seen them do time and again what I was asking them to do.  They claimed that it was different but that was only do to pig-headed stubbornness.  I have never been treated so poorly ever by any company before.
5	RECOMMENDED: Harkins 101 is a great theater to take in a movie. They have a ton of screens, including their premium theater: Cine Capri. They have most new releases plus they offer cool out of the box movie events including the PHX film festival and summertime kids movies.The concession stand is packed with junk food galore which is perfect for watching a movie. Expect the upswell from a large to an extra large for just a few cents more. One of the cool things about Harkins is that they offer a popcorn shirt which gets you a popcorn at a highly discounted price or free and an annual soda cup which can be refilled all year for $1.50.  I noticed that they offer White Castle sliders, which I thought was pretty cool even if I wouldn't eat one. Expect the concession stand to move at a snails pace, so arrive a little early. MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE PART OF HARKINS IS THE FLAVORED POPCORN SALTS!!! The movie theater is conveniently located at the corner of Mayo and N. Scottsdale Rd one block south of the 101 @ Scottsdale. They offer a ton of parking in the shopping center.
