1	This was one of the worst nail fill experiences I have ever had.  Went for a pink and white back fill.  I should have gone with my gut when I got the only male there and he started filing my acrylic down...to my real nail!!  I have never had a back fill before where they completely strip your acrylic-the problem was that he filed down the top layers of my nails.  My nail beds were inflamed and turned an angry pink color underneath my nail from being sanded down so much.  I was trying to be patient and give him a chance.  So the rest of the process was like he had never done a back fill before-the pink did not cover the separation between the white French manicure acrylic resulting in obvious ridges that ran horizontally on my nails.  The filing was like he did it with his eyes closed-some of my nails were super slender in shape and others were wide, a few nails on one hand were totally crooked looking.  Even with my hour of filing when I got home I could not remedy the weird angles some of my nails had.  My nails hurt, like after you get a new set when your old ones were yanked off too hard.  I tried to intervene the whole apt but he never understood what I was saying and it was very frustrating.  I was charged $35.  And I was there almost 2 hours.
4	My wife and I like to have a pedi day here and there. Nothing like having clean feet... Until you wear flip flops. :( We have been to quite a few spots in the Scottsdale, old town, and dc ranch area. We usually make a reservation before hand. Today was a little different, my wife was recommended to check this place out. We walked in with no reservation and didn't have to sit more then five minutes. We did the deluxe spa pedicure- option A. Near they end put hot wax all over my feet and let it form a mold. Really, really cool! Sounds scary but it's not. My feet are really soft now! Prices range from 25 on up. The option we chose cost $42 bucks. There appear to be a lot of regulars in here and the place is steady. Job we'll done!
1	Don't send your teenage daughters in to this place, they quoted them $ 10 and demanded $ 20, they use their lack of English skills to confuse and rip people off.
5	This is a great nail salon!  I don't have a usual manicurist there,  but I never have to worry about who I have,  because they are all great.  I never have to make an appointment,  I can just walk in,  and they are always friendly and quick to get my nails started.  The salon is always clean and pleasant looking. My nails always look so awesome,  and the price is just right.  I would highly recommend!
