4	Average cleanliness; messy, somewhat new facilities; mani/pedi is $35. The men here are great- one of the best pedis I've received in Vegas. Best paint jobs, no heal shaving unless you ask, they go to fucking town with that cuticle cutter like you wouldn't believe. My only complaint is that they always take a little bit longer than other places.
1	oh heck no!!!! don't go here!!!!!thee most painful pedicure i ever got!!!!!!!they cut deep into the sides of your nails. and after the guy with blond tips was done with my mani-pedi, he washed the tools with soap and cold water. that's so fricken dirty!!!!my feet still hurt!
5	For some reasons i couldn't sleep tonight, so i'm surf online and do some review for fun. Anyway, this is my favorite place.   My coworker always ask me where did I get my nail done, and this is the place I would go to get my nail done.  I would always call to make appointment with Lisa before i come in. She always do my nail. It takes her apprx 45 mins to do the fullset,  and around 30 mins for fill. I always satisfy with her work on my nails, that's why i've been going here for 4 years already. I also come here to do my pedicure and eyebrow wax. Once time, i took my sister here to do her mani/pedi as a birthday gift, and her daughter was also tag along with us. Lisa was so nice as she gave my niece free paint jobs on her finger nails. My sister is also a frequent customer of this nail salon.  I highly recommend this place to everyone.
3	I actually think this is a 3.5, not just a three.  Mom and I decided to head off the Strip to go get mani/pedis.  So relaxing!  The guys were so nice.  My toes still look awesome a week and a half later.  My fingers started chipping the next day, but the next day was spent in Valley of Fire, so probably not the fault of the polish.  Mom's polish actually held up better than mine.  I was really hoping they would get my cuticles cleaned up and my heels softened a little more.  They did a good job, but not quite as good as my ladies at Asia Nails in Chicago.  It was still an enjoyable experience though.
4	So I used to go here twice a month, for three years, to get fills for my nails.  Kevin & Eric were my favorite.  After I moved to Summerlin, I stopped driving over here.Fast forward two years: today I decided I wanted to go somewhere to get a mani/pedi, for a great cost and not have to go to a casino.  So I called them and learned that Kevin moved to Hawaii.  So I asked for Eric.  Eric could take me at 1:45pm.  Perfect!After not being there for two years, I didn't know if they would remember me.  I walked in and Lisa, the owner yelled "LINDSEY!" and then I see Eric and hes like "LINDSEY!  Long time!!"  How nice that these people remember you!Eric has always been my favorite for pedicures.  He is VERY detailed.  For an extra $10 you can get the "deluxe" pedicure- salt scrub on your feet and legs.  Then a paraffin treatment with a hot towel.  He like bangs on your legs and feet.  Sounds strange, but feels amazing.  I am always happy when I leave here.  They are fast and efficient for a great cost.  $45 for a mani and deluxe pedi.  I was there for an hour and a half.They are a little rough, Eric actually clipped a little too close today and I bled.  But it doesn't hurt.  He cleans you all up and you are good to go.  It only happens once n' a while.  They like to get in there as close as possible.They were really busy in there on the weekends, so call ahead and make your appointment for Eric or Lisa.  Everyone else in there seems really good too (repeat customers), so I'm sure you will be taken care of.They also do waxing there too.  Never had it done, but they had about 8 people come and go from the waxing room when I was there.
2	Busy place!  On a Wednesday afternoon we had to wait 40 mins for pedicures due to not having an appointment.  But they were all VERY apologetic that we had to wait so long and they DID warn us.I wish Yelp had half stars, because I'd rather give it a 2 1/2.Positives:  super friendly, great cuticle trimming, heels softened and paint job perfect!Negatives:  cleanliness is just ok and I got a good sized scrape on the side of my foot from the heal scrubbing...while I LOVE the soft heels, a little restraint with the scrubbing would be good.  The scrape became infected (of course!) and I'm still trying to heal from that.  Ugh!All in all, not a bad place and I may return to give them another shot.
5	This is my second time here n my experience was great. Lee did a great job on my pedicure. I felt so relaxed n I loved the foot massage. Really affordable pedicure. Will definitely go back n most definitely recommend to go here. Must see lee.
5	Julie is great!
1	Beware. Do not go to this salon. If you do beware of nail infections.
1	Terrible service, constantly trying to upcharge. I left with no polish on my toes, a crappy massage and $40 less in my pocket. Don't waste your time or money here.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. I have going there for literally ten years and never once had a bad experience! They are friendly, helpful, fast & fun. They try to know all of their clients by name and will always make time to see everyone who walks in the door in a timely manner! Definitely my go to nail spot.
5	They are the best!! I have went here for almost 5 years now and never had any issues and never have to wait that long. Don't go anywhere else in Centennial!
5	Great nail shop in the Centennial area. I always make an appointment with Eric or Lisa. They are the best! Other  nail techs seem to be okay. I see they have a lot of regulars also. Make sure to call ahead or be prepared to wait because they can get pretty busy on weekends especially since it's sandal season! My mom, sister & I have been coming here for 5+ years and they never disappoint. Eric usually does my gel mani/pedi & it's great! My gel nails can last up to 3-4 weeks without breaking. Recommend gel over acrylic. Makes your natural nails stronger.
5	I went to get my nails done by Eric he did an amazing job on both my nails and feet im definitely going back :-)
5	Lisa did an excellent job on my nails. I got a fill with glitter gel polish and she gave me $5 off because it was my birthday weekend! Not only that, she was super polite and she took her time. I'm so happy with how my nails look, I know I will be back for sure!!
2	I wasn't that impressed this visit. I didn't get the same person from last time though. Today the guy that did my nails seemed to be in a hurry. I was done in 40 minutes for a new full set, although they were white tips. Now as I'm looking at my nails, there are lots of small bubbles from the clear topcoat. I wish he wouldn't have rushed.
1	Very Poor Customer Service :(
3	I went in with a full set I wanted taken off, which they charge like $5 for. I can't understand why or how they can charge $5 to take my nails off when all they do is use a small tool to separate the old acrylic from my nail bed. Not to mention I was getting a brand new full set with gel. Once the lady found that out, she didn't charge me for the removal of the old nails. She did a pretty good job, and I spent $55 including tip on gel nails. It is a bit pricey though!! I don't appreciate shops that try to nickel and dime you for every little thing.
