2	$50 later & I've got that sinking feeling again... This was an awful meal. I ordered some grilled shrimp plate w/ broccoli & corn. The broccoli was cold mush, the corn was just cold. My shrimp was cold as well & smeared with a disgusting "mango pico de gallo" they called it. I, however, tasted nothing you could decipher as mango. My husband's dinner was just as disappointing. Crispy panko chicken should be CRISP & not smeared with cheese sauce. I don't understand their menu, I don't agree with their flavors, simple as that. Save your money.
1	Horrible. Food was a joke!!! Clams were sent to us EMPTY, no clams!!!!  Took so long for appetizer without us complaining they offered to comp it. Greens beans and  shrimp literally tasted like soap. Waitress was so great, Jenny!!! She is better than this place. I offered to pay for our beers ( as we ate nothing) and leave a tip on full bill, manager comped everything after he came out the first time and asked what the problem was.   We said you sent a bucket f shells, he said sometimes that happens.  He's wrong!!! I I nicely said don't insult yourself or us The Clams should never have been sent out empty in the first place!!!!Staff was nice but will Never go again, they should close this place down!,,,
1	1 star may be too much. I'm going to keep this short and to the facts...9 min til waiter addresses us. 17 min to get lemon for ice water...had to ask twice. 30 min, 30 to get appetizer of hush puppies. 30 min. Really?? No plates for app, no silverware. Had to get up and ask host for them. Ordered fish and shrimp and a crab daddy. Crabs were RIDICULOUSLY hard to crack..they were so soft you had to peel it. It was not fresh at all. Fish was suppose to be crisp and beer battered. It was mush. And the shrimp...no flavor. I killed the cocktail and tarter sauces and asked for more to choke it down. It was a sun night around 8:45 pm with hardly any tables...service sucked. Food sucked. Was looking forward to a great seafood meal even though it's Nevada but ugh this was soooo disappointing.
5	The food was a bomb here.. wow so delicious everything was warm the crab taste amazing my family like this place... from now this our favorite place to go.. I'm definitely recommend it to everyone... We love to go here..
1	Hadn't been here for several years. Now I remember why. Great service from our waiter. He was very nice. But TINY portions of crab! And just sub par quality overall. Went to red lobster few weeks after this and got way more crab for less money. This place is just low quality in general. Paid $60 for a meal where the best part was a $2 fried shrimp appetizer.
