5	OH MAN......the fact that this is a food truck is just the icing on the cake!  I can't rave about them enough....JUST go to their website to find out where they are going to be next, because THEY ARE AWESOME!!!!  They came to our apartment community last night and I ordered a philly cheesesteak sandwich and upon my first bite, I literally thought I had gone to Philly Steak heaven.  Best sandwich EVER!  I will be dreaming of this place and will probably follow it around to sample some of their other bites.
5	Great food! ESP bar b qWe had 4 sandwiches and the smashed garlic Parmesan potatoes Really well donehighly recommend
4	I had the philly and let me tell you, its an old time food classic with a new twist. The chef is amazing and there's just so much variety in one place. If you can't decide just go with some fingerlings fried baby potatoes no French fries. Just different all together but well worth it.
2	The Chrome Toaster, recently resurrected, held it's official grand re-opening party outside of World of Beer last week. I saw the big silver bus parked on South Blvd on my way home and it piqued my curiosity. I have a huge soft spot (found in my midsection) for food trucks and I had yet to sample the Chrome Toasters fare. I hurried home and convinced KC with much arm-twisting to go grab a bite and a beer. Ok, he didn't need much convincing... I mean come on, food truck fare + beer = awesome evening. Or so I thought...We approached the Chrome Toaster and saw that they no longer had their menu written on glass by the door, but on a small lcd screen in the same location. I tried to, like an idiot, scroll the menu down, as some of the descriptions were cut off. It is not a touchscreen... I looked stupid trying. They should do something to fit the entire menu on the screen and save people like me from assuming it was a touchscreen. So, I never got to see what the descriptions or prices for the Yukon potatoes, tarro root chips (No, that isn't a typo. That's how they spelled taro on their menu.) and Mexican street corn. Their street sandwich section of the menu had six choices but none of them were the ever so popular Philly sandwich, that previous reviewers raved about. I was disappointed to see that it was missing. A girl popped her out of the bus doors to take our order. I asked her if they were doing the Philly anymore and she said they do but it is on the "secret menu." Ooh... secret menu... I felt cool. So, I asked her what else was on this secret menu. She bluntly stated, "Well I can't tell you." Umm... So I asked her how I was supposed to find out what is on the menu if she couldn't tell me. To which she had no intelligible response. Muttering something about how she didn't even really know what was on this oh-so-top-secret menu. Whatever. That kind of annoyed me. And made me wonder what other delectable items I was missing out on. So, we ordered a Philly sandwich, Mexican street corn, and Yukon potatoes. Our food took forever. We waited... and waited... and waited some more. In that time, you could see how inefficient their ordering and delivering process was. The girl taking orders was also the "waitress." She had to run orders into World of Beer with only a name to track down the owners. WOB was hosting trivia that night so it wasn't particularly quiet. She would disappear for a while, and return to find a line of confused looking customers that would be ready to order. Poor thing also didn't have a tray, so she could only take what she could carry. If you guys are reading this, invest in a tray. Most of the time, food trucks operate with the assumption that their customers, after ordering, will linger around and wait for their food. Well, I can't blame people for taking a seat and getting some beer, because the food wasn't coming out a particularly snappy rate. Yes, I realize it was their first day back in a while but this wasn't their first time at the rodeo! They had been a fully operating food truck in the past. Ok, so the food... Meh sums it up really well. The corn was half burnt, cold, and the kernels were shriveled up from being overcooked. I've had epic legit, elote (Mexican street corn) and this was a far cry from it. The Yukon gold potatoes, while hot enough to burn your tastebuds, left a lot to be desired. They were not discernibly seasoned and the texture left something to be desired. The Philly was ok. The meat was piping hot and the bun was very fresh but this sandwich also left something to be desired. The meat was nice and tender though.Overall, Chrome Toaster was really meh. I hope they fair better this time than the last but, unless they step up their game, I really don't know how long they will last.
5	Unbelievable food!! Last night I had the Animal burger and my wife got the shrimp PoBoy with the Yukon potatoes as a side. It was truly exceptional! Thanks Chrome Toaster.
5	Stopped by World of Beers and saw the Chrome Toaster was up and running again.  Woo hoo!  If you haven't tried their food yet, you're missing out.  Everything explodes with flavor and it's all prepared so well, with some dishes presented like you're in a fancy restaurant, i.e. the swordfish tacos on woodplank.  Hell yeah!  I had the shrimp Po' Boy and it was teaming with amazingly seasoned shrimp on a toasted bun that tasted equally good.  I think it had an aioli sauce, which was incredible.  I literally could have eaten 3 more.  It was pretty busy that night with all the WOB Trivia Night people, but I didn't wait too long, and it was worth it.   I can't wait to try the lobster roll next time, and will always return for the out of this world Philly sandwich.
5	If you haven't checked this out yet, then you definitely should! I was lucky enough to be at World of Beers for their grand opening and my friends and I loved it!We were a few of the first customers. Since this was my first time, I had a few questions but the girl taking my order was very helpful. The screen seemed to be scrolled down a bit but she quickly corrected it as soon as I asked about it. As for the menu, it was hard to make up my mind because everything sounded so yummy! My friend went for the burger (which he said was excellent), while I opted for the Chickin and Waffle sandwich. The maple aioli was a very nice touch. The yukon potatoes were amazing and we actually went back for seconds of that!The girl who took our orders was even nice enough to bring our food to us. It was also pleasant to see the owner of the bus introducing himself and interacting with customers. That really brings it home for me. I didn't mind waiting a bit for our food because it was delicious and I would rather someone take their time preparing it than rush out sub par food. If you have a problem waiting a few minutes for your food, you should probably stick with fast food drive-through service (which is probably the quality you are more accustomed to, anyways).Overall, I love the look, the service, and the food. All were excellent quality and I'll definitely be back!
5	I had the pork loin bahn mi at the Brewzfest music festival. I am Japanese but I love all forms of Asian cuisine and I am kind of spoiled when it comes to good, authentic Asian food. This is one of the best twists a Vietnamese dish I've ever had. It was on a brioche type bun which was difficult for me to accept since I love the traditional French baguette. French baguettes are usually too hard and dry and the shards can cut the roof of my mouth though while the brioche bun was soft and sweet and it soaked up all the juices. The second thing I noticed was the pork loin was exceptionally moist unlike some of the tough, dry, bbq pork you get on bahn mi sandwiches at Vietnamese restaurants. The cilantro and carrots and everything else was superb. For an added bonus, the girl running the register was very personable and polite. They usually are next to world of beer on south blvd. Worth checking out!
2	I think it was okay.  Ordered the Banh-Mi upon recommendation of the chef/cook(?).  It was a bit bland for my liking.  It had the right ingredients, but didn't taste right - felt like it lacked that Vietnamese taste ... maybe needs more fish sauce or something?  That's right, needs more fish sauce.  And then, it was a bit messy overall - sandwich kept falling apart.  Personally, if I were them, I would call the sandwich something else - it just lacks too much in the department of what a good "Banh-Mi" sandwich should be.I didn't eat the fries though they looked pretty good.  Again, too messy for me screw around with.  Kind of hard trying to shake hands when you're hands are oily.  Sounds more like a questionable choice of food on my part given the event.I did appreciate that they brought it over inside WOB to me instead of having to wait in the rain.  I'll probably pass on this place in the future.  I'm a huge fan of small businesses, so maybe one more try - undecided.Oh yeah, where does one order from?  I kinda climbed right on the bus and asked what's good on the menu.  Shrug.dmo out.
5	I love that this truck is back up and running again in Charlotte.Chef Aaron isn't afraid to take risks and try new things with his menu. I've had a little bit of everything. I usually put my food decisions in his hands. Last night it was the pork loin banh mi and the special: herb gnocchi with Chinese sausage, nori and a fried egg. There's nothing better than cutting into an egg and the yolk dripping all over for extra yumminess. I devoured every bit of it. I've also had the philly, brisket, fingerling potatoes and brussel sprouts. Man, do I love brussel sprouts. All of it pretty tasy.Want another reason to love The Chrome Toaster? I witnessed this first hand last night. A man walked up to the truck and asked to speak to the owner. He asked will you be here tomorrow? I don't have any money, but I get paid tomorrow and will come back to reimburse you. The man said he slept outside the night before. Chef Aaron made him a sandwich and also handed him a little bit of cash. Chef Aaron said, if he does come back tomorrow... I'm going to tell him to keep his money. Charlotte needs more people like this. Delicious food and a solid guy running the show... damn right I'll support this food truck. Keep up the good work guys.
5	When the property management first annouced the Food Trucks in the Water Ridge Parkway Business Park, I said to my self, Self yuck, burgers and fries, etc. But I viewed the menu and emailed to all of my co-workers, we had to get a taste OMG, yes it was awesome, ALL OF IT, and the fingerlings...to die for.  We they were delayed I called them and SAID, ARE YA COMING today...LolOn another NOTE:  I wish the Philly Cheese Steak was on a HOAGIE ROLL INSTEAD OF A BUN...cause im a philly girl and thats the way we do it in PHILLY.
5	Finally have gotten around to writing my review for that amazing chrome colored bus! If I had an option to put 6 stars, this would be the place! Absolutely love the food at the Chrome Toaster and Aaron really knows his stuff!Usually my husband and I frequent the Chrome Toaster at WOB in South End (Though you will see this food truck at other events......beer events, food truck fridays, etc). We have had a ton of things on the menu, including the Philly, quesadaillas, steak, crab cakes, pork loin, fingerlings, deep fried mac and cheese.....all of it has been AMAZING! Wait, yes, did I say deep fried mac- so delish! There is usually some type of special he makes for the day. Just ask!So, hop on into that bus. Put your order in with the chef himself. You won't be disappointed!
5	Best food truck in Charlotte. Everything is local. Unpretentious Chef who makes real. good. food. It's not frozen. It's not fake. Always parked at the best spots (i.e. NoDa Brewery, World of Beer, ext.) and the quality is beyond anything you would expect to come off a school bus. Friendly service always and the new pupusa menu is so dope! HUGE FAN!
1	Horrible!! I waited inline for about 10 mins just for them to say the fryer was not working and I couldn't get what I wanted.  So why don't u have sold out on your menu outside. Super slow super disappointing!!!
