3	I occasionally stop by Shanghai Express for lunch because it's right down the street from my office, the food is decent, the portions are good size, a lunch combo consisting of entree, rice, egg roll, and crab puff (cream cheese) is only $5.45 after tax, the service is always friendly and usually quick, the last time I went I was in an out in less than 10 minutesnot a bad choice for quick chinese if you find yourself around 33rd ave and Thomas
3	If you are on the west-side and in the need for some decent Americanized Chinese, this is a great spot. First off this place is dirt cheap and the servings are ginormous! The menu is actually quite large for the kind of place that it is, with all the usual suspects (some of them even surprisingly tasty). They have a daily special that is around $3 bucks and is basically a bowl of rice topped with whatever the selection may be. All entree items can either be ordered in a combination form (with rice, crab puff, egg roll) for around $5, or a la carte for around $6.50. The a la carte is a large clam shell full of your choice - my personal favorites are the orange chicken, the house chicken, and the pork fried rice. Seriously, I could probably devour an entire clam shell of their orange chicken; it's the perfect amount of crunch and spice! And at $3.50, I can nosh on a quart of Hot and Sour soup (basically until I can stand no more). The owners/staff are incredibly nice (ex: they literally will call you by name upon your second visit). The decor is really plain, but it's always clean and tables are attended to quickly. They offer take out and delivery (if you are in the general area). But this is one of my goto places if I want something fast. I simply call in my order, hop in my car and in the 5 to 7 minutes it takes me to get there, they have my order prepped and ready to go. Their hours are roughly 11:00 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. - Monday through Saturday but if you are on the cusp, I would recommend calling ahead, as on occasion family issues force them to adjust. If you are in the neighborhood of 35th Ave and Thomas, give them a try and see if you don't agree that they are A-OK and recession friendly. : )
4	Don't blink because you might miss this little hole in the wall while driving by and also don't judge it by its look. I have been coming here for quite a while. The food is good and the prices are even better. If you're looking for fast cheap Chinese that is much better than Panda express this is the place to go. I highly recommend the vegetable lo mein and the orange chicken. Great spring rolls too! Overall a great little spot!
4	Great Chinese food and friendly family owned
4	Between my parents and myself, we have pretty much eaten our way through the menu and because there are several items that I actually find myself craving, I thought I should update my review.The veggie lo-mein is better than your average noodle. There are always a ton of fresh veggies (brocolli, carrots, onions, cauliflower, etc) with just a hint of smokiness to the noodles. Really quite wonderful.The sesame chicken isn't like any I've ever had. It's really more like a honey glazed chicken, sprinkled with a few sesame seeds, but it is awesome. The chicken and vegetables is awesome and not over-dressed with gooey sauce. And all of the chicken dishes are made with all white meat, so you don't get that weird feeling half way through your meal that you are eating some sort of mystery ingredient.They have two "family meal" options that are dirt cheap and for those of you that question whether or not you will have enough food for your family of 4 or 6, trust the guidelines and grab a big table because once the plates start arriving, you will need the room!Although the original owners did sell about 1.5 years ago, the new family that took over is every bit as nice and dedicated to putting out good food for a decent price.The last two bonuses are their huge delivery area and the fact that most items on the menu can be ordered as either an a la carte item (enough for 4 servings), as a meal (which comes with rice, egg roll, and crab puff), or in a bowl (with just rice).  The standouts on the menu, along with the super low prices and the flexability  for ordering just what you want, earns them an extra star!
2	I was struggling to decide what I wanted for lunch today and decided on Shanghai Express. What a disappointment! I ordered the General Tso chicken with an egg roll, crab puff, and rice. The egg roll had a strange after taste. The crab puff had no filling. The chicken was over cooked and had almost no flavor. It was over cooked to the point it was difficult to chew. The rice was pretty good. I can not imagine going back there, which is a shame since I work about a mile a way.
2	I ordered the Sesame Chicken my friend had the Beef and Broccoli. It would have been okay, if i would have had some sauce on my Sesame Chicken, but to no avail dry. The Beef and Broccoli was full off everything, but barely any beef or broccoli. The egg rolls were bland and tasted old and leather like. All in all I will never order from here again...
3	Hi
