5	Went to the Gwen Stefani concert on their opening night. Wow what a venue! We sat in one of the boxes which actually has its own bar and bathrooms. The place is over the top with an amazing sound system. It's set up ampitheater style with the stage at the bottom, a place for General admission and then theater seating going up to several hundred feet up. Even the nosebleed seats seem not far from the action. Definitely the best spot to see a show in town.
4	Las Vegas has a new place hosting concerts, courtesy of The Palms!  I went here for the Bloc Party concert last month.  With last minute tickets, we ended up sitting in the middle section, center stage.Because they curtained off some of the seats, we found ourselves in the last row.  And we were shocked, these were FAB seats!  The two big screens on the sides kept us entertained until the show actually started.  It's a smaller size theater, but it just makes it that much more intimate.  When the sound system came on, "oh my gawd!"  What a great sound system!  The BF and I were so impressed!  They played good music before the show started that pumped up the crowd too.  Seats are slightly curved in a large oval to the stage, and there's plenty of leg room, so people can easily pass by.  They have a pretty decent size standing room area right in front where body surfing and the like were immediately stopped.  However, there was some serious moshing going on and it wasn't stopped at all.   For the fabulous sound system and the great seating, I can't wait to see another concert here!Sidenote: They could offer a greater variety from the snack bar.  That was disappointing.
5	Classy.  Not much to say other than 5 stars all the way.  It was intimate, clean, they let me bring in my water bottle.  Seats were cushy and awesome.  Staff was great.  We vowed to go back as soon as the UFC returns to the Pearl. :)
5	The Pearl is a great theatre in the Palms. It reminds me of a lot of theatres in LA. It's got great acoustics and it is very intimate as far as being close to the band. The multimedia system ROCKS. Camera setup for the two giant screens aren't cheesy VHS style cams. Pretty Hi Res HD stuff. Went there for the Slightly Stoopid and G Love and Special Sauce show. Good times last night. It was a great vibe. The thing I didn't like were the lack of bartenders. The bars themselves had limited selection. Plus most of their liquor came out of a liquor gun. Bleh....I wish they would free pour Gray Goose. If I'm paying 10 dollars for a lil call liquor, please free pour it. At least a double is only 3 dollars more.If you're general admission it's 3 flights of stairs down to the floor. They also have balcony seats as well as regular arena seating. Did I say the sound is PHANtastic? It's funny because this theatre just popped up in the middle of nowhere next to the Club Palms booth. Who knew that this place would be in a secret underground area of the Palms. Hey What other secret underground areas are there?HmmmmDoes Palms have a secret rumored strip club? Or Brothel?I mean you can get a manicure and pedicure by a hot chick in a bikini....There's the Playboy Club there....what about the Hustler Club...yea you know what I mean!SKEET SKEET SKEET SKEET SKEET SKEET!
4	Went to see 311, had some good middle seats.The venue was nice and clean, small lines for alco and small lines for ladies bathroom. I would see another concert there again.
5	I've seen hundreds of concerts in my life in various cities and this was by far the best theater I've been to.  For a place that fits 3000 people, you honestly feel like there are only 500 there.  The sound system and acoustics are awesome AND they do all their video shots in HD!!  I would gladly see anyone perform at this venue....even William Hung.
4	Flew in from San Diego to see Bjork here.  Chose the Pearl over her Los Angeles show on the theory that it would be a smaller, more intimate venue.  Had great seats- second row right above the "pit" area.  Everything was super professional and antispetic.  Opening band went on at 8 PM on the dot, Bjork took the stage at 9:20 PM, show over by 11 PM.  Sound was great, no complaints there.Staff was a little bit aggro with the no pictures policy.  We snuck our camera inside and discretly snapped pics until the encore, when wife started snapping away.  She was accosted during the encore by security- I mean, the show was over.  So that was a minus, as was the generally bougy feel of the crowd.  Maybe that's just a a vegas thing.  Strangely enough, the Pearl is the only place I've ever been to in Vegas where smoking isn't allowed.
4	we sat in section 105, right above the general admission standing pit, in row b and had an amazing time - less than 20 feet from the stage - great lines of sight - great sound, pyrotechnics - confetti falling from the sky - streamers shooting into the crowd - great techical aspects but no character or warmth - and the people sitting around us were well, sitting, during a bjork show?!  what?  even during pluto?!!  I was kind of shocked but at least the people in our row and in front of us were up and dancing, except for the poor lady who had to take a "nap"  in the middle of the show offending our delicate sensibilities with her gigantic "mom" light pink underpants.   the cup holders attached to the seats in front of us left nice bruises on my shins as I kept bumping into them - cupholders?  people can hold their beers no?   ah well shucks...no real complaints  a little antiseptic but that's it
4	Next time you're in Vegas, do yourself a favor and see a show at The Pearl!  We saw Tool here on their final show of their tour...it was absolutely mindblowing.  Small Venue...there really isn't a bad seat in the house and as mentioned from others, the acoustics are amazing.  My only complaint was that I just happened to sit next to two chain-smokers...but they were super drunk, got into a lover's quarrel and left halfway through the concert ....so, yay!
5	Best VenueEverI've seen quit a few shows and The Pearl is by far the best venue I've been to thus far.  Not a bad seat in the house.  Seriously, don't worry about splurging for tickets down front thinking you're going to have a better view.  Add two large screens on either side of the stage.  Great sound and friendly staff.
5	This is a very nice spot. Out of all the arenas that I've been to in Vegas, this is one of my faves. I'm not a big fan of exceptionally large venues (takes away from the intimacy of enjoying the music imo), so this spot was a pretty good size for me. The last concert I went to here was to see Jay Z @ the end of 2007, right b/f new yrs (2008). I had mucho fun!!!  I wouldn't buy drinks here during any concerts though...highway robbery. lol; but they have a good food area, that we frequent after shows...I always go to Nathans :)
4	I went to see One Republic and I was really impressed with The Pearl.  There isn't a bad seat in the whole venue and the middle is large and wide, which makes great space for general admission.  I counted over 50 speakers total on each side of the stage.  The sound is loud and CLEAR.  Not to mention, the venue is really clean.  Always a plus!  I can't wait to come back to see another show.
5	Before there was The Pearl at the Palms, most of the concerts were held at Rain Nightclub. Unless you had a skybox, I wouldn't suggest going there unless you don't mind tall sweaty guys rubbing their armpits on your head.  I didn't care what the concert was, Nelly, Britney, Maroon 5, they were all fun times filled with energy. Upstairs has the best views and the easiest bars to get to.But watching Gwen Stefani opening night at the Pearl took my breath away. It's a more intimate setting. She's undeniably beautiful and talented. Loved her Harajuku girls. Saw a bunch of D list celebs there, Paris, Nicky, Tommy Lee, Hugh's Bunny's. We got comp'd tickets in the box seating for 5. Your own bar and restrooms. Talk about V.I.P. If we were anymore V.I.P. I would've been backstage hanging out with her hot hubby Gavin and her son Kingston.Maybe borderline stalker? Thanks to the Palms for opening such a fabulous intimate venue, can't wait to see the next concert.
5	very intimate, great acoustics, comfortable seating, close access to bars and restrooms.... add these to john legend's beautiful, rich voice.. and you have a night to remember!i loved, loved my experience at the pearl!
2	If you're going to the Pearl and have assigned seats, I'm guessing that you'll have a good time because it's not a huge venue and you probably have a good angle from whereever you're sitting. If you are someone like me who is determined on being as close as possible in the pit, then you might need to reconsider going to shows here because it's disorganized and dangerous the way they handle people who want to be in the pit. First off, you can't line up early. That's not a big surprise because I think most places in Vegas are like that. So you're bound to either wait around the casino, pretending to play at the nickel and quarter slot machines or just keep going back and forth till you see the door opening. When the door opens, it's a big rush of people speeding through doors to get checked and scanned. Then you line up to the right side where the stairs are. After the door to the stairway's opened, the staff tells you not to run, but of course, everyone runs down the stairs and it can get crazy with people pushing down to get through. I think there must've been at least five to six flights of stairs. Once you make it to the bottom, they break the crowd up into two groups and it's all a matter of luck to see if your group will be the first ones inside to race to the very front. So regardless of getting there early, you can still get screwed on getting to the front. I'd rather watch shows at the Joint at Hard Rock.
4	I never thought I would ever step foot in a place like The Palms Hotel & Casino. But the Pearl is inside this place and the Cure was playing. Suck it up, I did. I hung around at some little indoor bar while I waited for my credentials. Yes, I get those. Do you know who I am??! Apparently, this woman in her 50's knew. She kept us company and somehow managed to hustle us out of a drink. She didn't know who I was, but did say I was "thick." 'Gee, thanks?'"Thick. Ya know, like giiiirl you got some hips! You Latino? Messican? Cos ya'll be havin' some curves!"'So, you're calling me fat?'"Naw, girl! Thick. Theeeeeyyy-ick! That is a good thang. Brothas be lovin' thick!" The Pearl is a very cool venue -- it reminds me of a smaller/indoors Greek Theatre. Every seat in the house guarantees a great view - but this place is not cheap. I believe tickets to see the Cure, specifically GA floor tickets, were running about $150! My tickets were in the Mezzanine section, three rows from the FOH (front of house)...dead center. Great view, great sound and comfortable seating. The bar offers a full menu, but of course, at staggering prices. I loved the size of the venue and the intimate factor. The decor was very nice and chic -- but nothing obnoxious. I would definitely return to the Pearl. New Kids on the Block are playing in July. Tickets, please!---The Cure, btw, was great! I have managed to see the Cure four times in a matter of months...and this particular night, all CURE fans got a weird ending to the set. Nothing compared to Coachella's $1000 a min overtime treat. But still, just as memorable!
1	I went to the pearl to see the Cure a couple of weeks ago. I am not one to complain about venues but this place is really pretty ridiculous. There are no line ups so you have to wait in the casino area or walk around before the doors open, and when the doors do finally open everyone rushes to them in a big group. they scan the tickets and then after everyone's ticket is scanned of course you think you will go straight to your seat/the floor area and that is not the case. After scanning your ticket you run (if you have a floor ticket) to get to the front but they wont let anyone on the floor just yet. they have two guys checking tickets and putting wristbands on all of the people who have floor tickets. So as everyone is standing there waiting to get to the floor and its still not over... they don't even put a wristband on everyone before they let us start going down the stairs, yes I said STAIRS, to get to the floor. I wouldn't be surprised if some people fell down the stairs and got injured. There is another conflict at the door that leads to the floor, they hand out the rest of the wristbands there and so it causes a congestion because the people who already have wristbands cant get to the floor because they are waiting on the people who haven't gotten the bands yet to get in. Once you are finally in its not so bad but they need a new system for letting people in. Seriously, we were treated like cattle. Not to mention the tickets are pretty expensive. Worst Venue Ever.
1	I went to the Pearl recently for a concert by the Cure and although I was considering attending the Depeche Mode show in August, I definitely will not return to this venue for another concert experience. It baffles me that a location which puts on rock shows on a regular basis has no procedure in place for dealing with fans. There is no way to line up in order to get a good spot for the general admission area (the floor) and even though we managed to get to be first in line when they did finally allow people inside the main doors, a combination of poor management by security (scanning our ticket but not issuing wristbands) and poor crowd control by their security meant that we were nearly trampled on the way down the stairs and had dozens of people shove their way in front of us. The descent to the general admissions area turned into a howling rampage down three flights of stairs and landings and then through one small doorway. I'm very shocked that no one was seriously injured getting down to the floor area and would highly recommend to the management of the Pearl that they invest in A) a course on crowd control for their security B) security who are trained in dealing with rabid fans and C) a set of barricades or ropes which with to control said crowds. Until you hear of any of these things taking place, the Pearl is definitely a venue to avoid at all costs.
5	So I may be biased, but I thought the whole Pearl experience was amazing. The girls and I were invited to Jimmy's Naughty Nighty Nite as VIPs, so not only did we get to enjoy the open bar, free food and candy bar, but had the best seats ever for the Pussy Cat Dolls concert. The Pearl is small enough that you don't feel the downsides of a huge concert hall, the sound was impeccable, and the drinks were strong!
4	Take a moment to imagine what it's like being in the VIP section of a pretty intimate music venue with Rihanna and Lebron James. And Jay Z is literally 20 yards away from you. And you're with the tallest man in the world*. And you're shaking your ass and singing along to some of your favorites and you're drinking vodka redbulls like you used to when you were a rave kid. And every 10 minutes, just when you think the night couldn't possibly get any better, the night grows infinitely better. And if you get up to the front of the standing space, you too can be splashed by the sweat of the performer before you because there are no barricades or annoying security asking you to step back. Yes, my friends. This is The Pearl. The venue is awesome, security is friendly and guest-oriented. The only problem was the sound system-the mic was a little distorted and the bass was off. I'm no music equipment expert but I think I know when something's not quite right. Also- those vodka red bulls? At $11 a pop and 6 or 7 deep, Tallest Man in the World and I could have sent a kid to college on what we shelled out to maintain a steady blood alcohol content. But what the hell? It's Vegas and you only live once. I will be back to see Beyonce at the end of the month. *Thank you, Kevin for the ticket. Thank you, Kevin for being the best dance buddy ever. Thank you, Kevin for talking me into going at the last minute. Thank you Kevin for being so special that we get the royal treatment. I am forever grateful and you can have my first born. No really- take it.
4	I just saw Gabriel Iglesias at The Pearl tonight.I noticed he was coming last week and went to ticketmaster to buy my ticket it was a $50 ticket but came to almost $65 after the ticketmaster fees, but my printer had crapped out and will call wasn't an option so I went to the Box Office at the Palms, walked right up and got the same seat (front row), that I had saw on ticketmaster for $50 flat no service charge, no ticket printing fee, nothing...yay!!! (will be buying more tickets at the box office screw ticketmaster!!!)So I get there tonight, parking was a bit of a hassle but nothing too bad, I get there and I have to admit it was a little odd, unlike most venues where you come in on the ground level and walk up to the upper sections, you come in on the top and have to go down a few flights of stairs to get to your seat...no biggy, I got there with time to spare. Complaint #1, I know you have a captive audience for the shows, but come on $7 for a 12oz Miller Lite....that is a bit much, come on atleast serve 16oz bottles for that price. I worked concert security for a few years in college and have been in many venues and I have to say Hands Down The Pearl is the best one I have ever been in, they didn't spare any expense in building that place it was beautiful, the preshow music sounded great (I can't wait to see a band there), and the venue us wide open, pretty sure there isn't a bad seat in the house.I got down to the front row to take my seat and here is what prevented the place from getting 5 stars, the chairs were padded folding chairs that were linked together, I know they probably get a lot of shows where the lower level is a SRO pit, but for a sit down show the chairs sucked, add to that the fact that I am a bigger individual and the show is a comedian who is a "fluffy" guy, it was fair to say that I was almost the average size and the chairs were packed together, the couple behind me were both small and they were packed in, me and the 5 other people in my row were all pretty big and you couldn't move without bumping into someone. (the upper levels were theater seats and they looked to have a little more room)I had a great time there and will keep an eye out for a band I want to see there, I really can't wait to see how a concert sounds there, I have heard good things.To sum it up....beautiful venue, overpriced drinks (but that is all venues), decent parking, friendly box office (screw ticketmaster), and horrible chairs....get new chairs you get 5 stars!!!
3	I've seen several concerts in this venue.Positives, Cheap ticket prices...small intimate venue.Negatives: Pricey Boozeif you dont like fightin the crowd in "General Admission" or the "pit", I guess you'll settle for bein a sardine...it is CRAMPEDNarrow aisles. if youre gonna stick your booze in the cup holder in front of you, it may end up being kicked.The chairs are comfy, but if you got have a wide load, one is better off being in the pit than have being pryed out of the chair (I dont have that lil setback, but I've seen people who can get in a chair, but also struggle to get out).
5	Just saw DEPECHE MODE at The Pearl this past weekend & man oh man, what an amazing venue!!! Smallish theater - capacity of about 2500 & this is w/ the entire 1st level standing-room only. There are 3 levels total & their site says that no seat is more than 120 ft away from the stage & I can vouch for this! I felt super close to the stage....fantastic views w/ no obstruction & we were in the back of the 2nd level. Seats are situated perfectly so no heads get in the way & plenty of leg room.  Stage itself had great lighting & DM's video screen was incredible. Crisp, clear acoustics & they have the COOLEST sliding windows that are open to the bar area while entering the venue or during Intermission but they CLOSE OFF for the performance so there is no distracting noise coming from the bar crowd & we can focus solely on the phenomenal music And PHENOMENAL it was!  Malignant tumors, torn calf muscles & a host of other ailments certainly have not slowed Dave Gahan down.....he was full of energy & was spinning, strutting & shaking his hips all over the stage.  Major Props!!Whole crowd dancing & completely drenched in sweat This would be my only complaint.....it was like the firey pits of hell in there to the point I thought the AC was broken But even THIS does not make me want to give anything other than a huge 5-Stars. I totally cannot wait to come back to The Pearl to see more great acts!!
4	The sounds is great at the Pearl. They get some amazing bands. I put the Pearl right below the new Joint for 2 reasons. 1) they have a far too small General Admission area.  They need it twice as big at least. 2) pearl is too corporate.  They hold back mass amounts of ticket for their supplier/corporate friends so they fans are left with  the few thats and they have the theif Andrew Hewitt promoting which robs fans. Ticket prices will be double any other venue and the bands dont get any more of the ticket sales.  The venue is by far the most beautiful in Vegas and the sound is perfect.   The concert going experience is great. Prices are steeper than other venues in its range but they get great talent so there isnt much you can do about it.  Take the first 15 rows out and you would have the perfect general admission/reserved seating venue.  The corporate feel keeps it from being a 5 star venue. Everything else is right on.  Nothing will ever touch the glory of the Huntridge!
4	I got the pleasure of watching Mariah Carey live at the Pearl this past Saturday. I was excited about the venue being smaller and more intimate. You can definitely see the stage clearly from almost anywhere in the place. We had the top middle row which was right in front of the stage so I saw everything without having anyone sit in front of me. Mariah did a great performance and I think the smaller stage and lighting worked to her advantage as she was glowing up there. My only thought would be that they not allow alcohol in the venue as there were two girls in the row behind us that puked after having a "little" too much. Thank goodness we weren't sitting close enough to them as I felt sorry for the people next to them.Overall, it's a nice little intimate setting, if you appreciate that sort of thing.
5	I wish I could give 10 stars.  This place is THAT good. I went to the Mariah Carey concert on 10/10.  I am a huge fan so this was a dream come true for me.  I had front row tickets in an intimate setting (2500 seats).  We were less than 5 ft from the stage!!!  Acoustically, her voice sounded perfect.  There was not one bad seat in the place.  I highly recommend watching your favorite singer here.
4	i saw kanye here on new years 07/08. since the venue is pretty small, with general admission i got front row without having to beat cheeks or throw up elbows.
4	The Cranberries performed at the Pearl last Thursday night.They were great and the venue was equal to their performance.I was really looking forward to seeing the Irish band, but I have never attended an event in the Palms.I was totally impressed by the Pearl. Fine acoustics and the seating is designed so that no one is very far from the performers.The employees were supurb. They are very knowledgeable about the performance and the evening schedule.They are very accomodating to your needs.There are bars and restroom facilities on each level.  They have a very liberal policy about going in and out of the theater.If you have the opportunity to see a group you really enjoy, your evening in the Pearl will make it all that much more enjoyable.Supurb venue ........
5	This is my favorite venue ever to see a concert. I sat in the upper 300 section on the right side of the stage. The view was great! I don't know if you could get a better view from the nose bleed section anywhere else. The seats themselves were really comfortable (even for a larger person) and there was ample leg room. The venue entrance we used was especially nice because it was no more than 30 steps from our seats to the bar. Drinks were expensive, but we expected that.
5	As a seasoned concert-goer, there is no feeling that compares to the energy, the vibe and the intimacy between the artist(s) and audience at a small venue like The Pearl. I had the pleasure of visiting this precious gem, located in the Palms Hotel, for a Mariah Carey concert back in October '09 and visited it once again to see Jay- Z's last show on his Blueprint 3 Tour. The theater holds about 2000 and you're going to get an awesome view of the stage from wherever you may sit. I had the opportunity to sit with the sound and lights crew thus giving me a phenomenal view of the stage and the crowd. What's more, the acoustics just don't get any better than at the Pearl. Let's not even get into the Who's Who of the hip hop world who were in attendance (which really doesn't have anything to do with The Pearl itself)  but does the name Rick Ross or rap legend Too Short mean anything to anyone...and the list goes on.Jay Z, Trey Songz, Memphis Bleek, Bridget Kelly and Young Jeezy rocked the crowd for three hours plus, giving us our ends worth and a whole lot more--a chance to witness hip hop and R& B royalty graciously give back to their adoring fans.
5	I saw 30 Seconds to Mars here and I was completely blown away. I loved that it was a 'smaller' venue compared to the other places they were playing. We had seats in section 101 Row A, so we were literally front row without having to be standing in the general admission spot. The view was amazing. The sound was amazing. Security was spot on, it was very organized compared to the Hollywood Palladium. Although there is a no-camera policy, I think that it may be up to the bands performing as to whether or not cameras are actually allowed/not allowed in. I had my camera (as did everyone else) and was not scanned by the metal detectors. Everyone took pictures throughout the entire show. There are bars scattered about the theater, but bring your own water since the bottles of smart water cost $8.00.
5	Love the view from the pit! Oh oh oh oh ooooh!
4	I was at The Pearl this last weekend to watch the UFC 115 Ultimate Fighter Finale. My boyfriend got us front row seats!!! But near the end of the fight.. I think it was Hamel and Jardine..his blood splattered all over me from the pit!!! It went all over my pink dress. HOW DISGUSTING!! And the stupid people chanting "Let's Go Hamil, Let's Go!!" How annoying. Grow up you high schoolers.Nice venue...I'd like to see a concert there.
5	There's nothing like seeing live music in a relatively small, intimate venue like The Pearl!  It's also pretty cool to be escorted into the pit because of whom you know (or, in my case whom my friend knows).  Even in the crowded pit, there's plenty of leisurely standing space a little further back.  The lines at the bar aren't too long, although the drinks are too expensive.  I guess you have to expect that, but still, it is Vegas! Good times were had by all!  I can't imagine seeing someone huge like Jay-Z here!
4	Came here tonight to watch Norah Jones /Corinne Bailey Rae. Smaller theater but not what I would say "intimate" and we had seats right at the back...M30 was my seat number (using Door D). On paper, these seats looked awful. But to my surprise, the view was amazing. I could see everyone, the screens were at a perfect angle and there was no one blocking my view. I realized that every seat in this theater has been angled so everyone gets an optimal view. Loved the sound system, the helpful staff (who tried to Scavenger Hunt when one of my friends thought he lost his keys), the backdrops and of course as mentioned above, the view that we got. The things I thought might need some improvement here are the ads that come on between sets. They were catered to people who really wanted to sprint to the Playboy Club...the people at Pearl need to cater the ads they air to the crowd of the particular show. Also, we had a nincompoop usher who made us wait in a long line to get into Door C and ultimately we actually needed to be at Door D. Thanks to this genius, I missed Corrine Bailey's opening song. He will not be forgiven. This is currently my favorite venue in Las Vegas. One star lost for above mentioned usher.
3	Took mama for her birthday to see Norah Jones. The place is very gran ol opry. Not that I've ever been, but, its what I would picture it to be. Maybe I should just google it to make sure...Corrine Bailey Rae (sp) opened for Norah. She was awesome. Love her voice. Very raspy calming and intriguing with her accent. She had a very nice set and mama balled her eyes out with her closing song. I wont give it away, just see for yourself. Took a little break before Norah came out. Norah Jones played a lot of her new stuff. She's kind of going away from her original classical tunes. She played some of her old stuff so we had an opportunity to compare. We loved her new stuff, it was just different and we were expecting something else. Her voice is still wonderful. Her dog song was cute. Overall, a four star experience at this venue. Why the 3 stars you ask? It was FREEZING in there! Obviously, going to see a concert in Vegas, in the middle of August, womens' choice in clothing leave little to the imagination, and mama's was no exception. Problem with that is I have to act like a manghan and keep her warm. I noticed all the other dudes up and down my row doing similarly. Not that I don't like holding mama, but for an hour and half? Not too mention I walk around carrying only 14% body fat!!! ;)Nice venue, but, they need to fix that ac.
4	This venue is purdy
5	Part of me hates to say this (the part of me that loves the old, dive venues), but this may just be the perfect concert venue.There truly is no bad seat in this place. It was built up, instead of out (if that makes any sense) - so even the the last row in the highest section isn't all that far from the stage.But what really sets this venue apart is the sound (and let's face it, that's what concerts are all about). The sound here is perfection. Whatever they did when building this place, they did it just right. This is the best place to hear a live band.Ok, and it's pretty nice inside too. It's no Joint (the original one), or Bowery, or 9:30 Club, or Tabernacle, but it's nice enough and the sound is the best ever.
4	I saw Erykah Badu here last year and have been meeting to write a review.  Compared to other music venues I've been to, The Pearl has mostly great seats.  Since it's built like an amphitheatre, the seats ascend leaving great views for show goers the whole way up. The acoustics here were great for the Erykah Badu show, but I wonder if hard rock and metal shows would find it as welcoming?  My only complaint is that the lights above the stage are really intense, and not in a cool way.  Everytime they flashed those bulbs, you could feel the heat on your face.  It detracted a lot from the ambience on stage, and should have been toned down a bit.The Pearl makes for an intimate viewing experience, and is very comfortable to spend an evening with your favorite performers.  Tickets for entertainment in Las Vegas are way inflated compared to other cities, so ignore that, and accept The Pearl for what it is, a great music venue.
5	The Pearl has been the home to annual AVN Awards for the past two years and its a welcome change from its previous home at the Mandalay Bay.  Most recently, I was in town and took the opportunity to see "Pauly Shore's Vegas is my Oyster", which has its own review for those interested.The venue is inside the trendy Palms Resort and hosts all types of events including concerts, comedy shows, and other entertainers in between.  Once passing through the theater entrance and security from the casino level, you take an odd journey down a few flight of stairs down to the theater.  Once you fin your section, you'll be amazed at how well designed the venue is.  The Maloof brothers spared no expense and made quite possibly the best venue I've seen for music and entertainment.  The theater is intimate, yet spacious, but welcoming all at the same time.The seats are of generous size, but larger fellows will have to be a little cramped, as with everything.  I can't comment on floor seating, but I've heard its the typical folding chairs, which is a little cheap, in my opinion.  Nevertheless, once the show began, we were able to move around as it was nowhere near sold out and I realized there is absolutely no bad seat at the Pearl.  The bits of the show that played music sounded amazing and further proves how well designed the venue was made.If I had to complain about anything it would be drink prices, $9 for a beer, but in all honesty, that's standard fare at all entertainment outings.  I've seen my fare share of venues in San Francisco and Los Angeles and the Pearl is top-notch and quite possible the best.  Kudos to the Palms Resort and the Maloof brothers.
4	as soon as you walk into palms casino you will be at awe, the casino is amazing and when you enter to the pearl concert youre already in concert mode and jamming. Went to see System of a down concert with my girlfriend here and it was one of the best performance i ever seen. Had a blast, they even had a chop suey drink at the bar which tasted awesome! deff will come back for another concert here someday im back in vegas. :D
3	My sister and I came for the Hooligans in Wondaland Tour. We arrived early hoping to be first in line but the employee said to come back later. We come back and he seems to be clueless as to what to do with us. spent good money on a packaged deal for Bruno Mars that included a tour shirt, poster signing, meet & greet, and one picture. After we met Bruno they tried to tell us to get back in line. (Hell no! I paid good money.) We just stood outside the front and bum rushed to the front when the line went through. And yup, we were @ the front. Anyway, the show was awesome, but they are so unorganized.
4	I've seen tons of shows here. Offspring, KISS, Marilyn Manson, Disturbed, Flogging Molly, The Cult, Phoenix; to name a few.Pretty nice venue, not a bad seat in the house. Easy to get in and out from the casino floor.I've experienced problems with sound quality at a few shows but I always go back for more.Drink prices are steep.Staff is always friendly and helpful.
5	I first experienced The Pearl when I came here to see A Perfect Circle in December of '10. It's a fantastic venue - very intimate, with great sight lines, and superlative sound.I can only speak for the experience from the general admission area but that is how it was...I wouldn't hesitate to see another concert here again ever. It was fantastic.I do recommend coming a little early and visiting one of the casino bars as the service inside was fairly slow.As a side bonus you can gamble after the show...who wouldn't want that?
4	The PROS:  Excellent Sound - All great seats - Easy to get to from the casino area.  Thoroughly enjoyed the k.d. lang concert ....possibly the best show I've ever been to!!!The CONS:  Do NOT buy drinks here.  They "pour" the drink from a gun that shoots out exactly one oz of alcohol ....then they charge you like you just ordered a bottle of effing Cristal.  ....I made the mistake of ordering a long island tea, which tasted like pure bar mix (everyone agreed) that I had to return as the show started.  My gf got a simple vodka/diet & we basically had to take out a loan to pay our bill.  Stupid...ridiculous....over-the-top maddening.Bring your own bottle into the venue and order a soda as a mixer - save yourself $50 for 2 rounds of awful weak drinks in tiny plastic cups.  Nobody searched my purse, so feel free : )Enjoy the show!  Great venue!
4	It's def not the MGM Grand Arena but, sometimes you need that intimate feel of being closer to the SuperStar.Friend got free tickets to the Lupe Fiasco show and despite my tiredness and fatigue from just getting back from Costa Rica, my friend cajoled me into going.The floor was stand alone, no seating; otherwise the seated tickets were behind those standing. Kind of like how Adele's show was.But, this was on a much much intimate level and with less ppl than the Adele crowd. Which I am so thankful for because I wouldn't have wanted to stand in a crowded crowd.Acoustics were great. Seemed like I could've gotten closer to stage but, I like to see everything in a concert and because I'm tiny, my best view would be from a far.I'd love to see more shows here. If more hip hop can come to Vegas then, I'd love to see them here!
4	Saw K.D. Lang here a few months back.  Very easy to review the venue.  Too much cement in the interiors, big but not too big theater ensuring great seats for all, and top notch venue sound.The only drawback and this is a BIG DRAWBACK:  the night we attended quality folding seats were installed where I guess a dance floor typically is.  These folding seats had proper cushioning and we plenty comfortable to sit in, but ---- the seats were WAY TOO CLOSE TOGETHER.  Like LAWSUIT close.  I paid to be in the eight row (Yay!) but person to my left and to my right were thigh to thigh, shoulder to shoulder, and none of us were fat.  People in these rows soon figured out that if you but your arm around your significant other this allowed enough room to not be touching the shoulders of strangers.This isn't about cooties, lol.   When you're seated that close you can't applaud the artist without hitting the people next to you.  I'm not kidding.  It's THAT close.Had Lang not been so riveting I'd have demanded a partial refund from the box office.
5	I like to call this one "short and sweet"Best acoustics of any vegas venue imo. Small and intimate. You don't have to worry about being able to "see" the performer. Any seat is a great seat.No need to find parking across the street or next door to avoid  "after show parking garage traffic." It is significantly faster to get out of here than any other place (i.e. mgm grand, hard rock's the joint).If you're a fan of anyone performing here I'd so don't pass this place up.
5	I love this venue.I could probably stop there, but to make this a legit review I guess I should elaborate.  Before I became a busy, broke grad student, I used to spend the majority of my free time going to shows.  If any bands I liked were in town, you could count me in. I was there present in the crowd.  This has lead me to experience live shows at the old Joint, the new Joint, House of Blues, (then) Jillians, the (short-lived) Alley, the Cosmopolitan Pool, MGM Garden Arena and the Mandalay Bay arena.In my opinion, the Pearl is THE BEST place to experience your favorite music artist.  The acoustics are the best. Everyone sounds so nice, so clear. I've stood/sat throughout most of the sections, so I can say that there is no "bad" seat in the place. The way they designed it also makes you feel like you are in a small intimate venue, yet it has the ability to hold a crap load of people.  I like how there are sections right off the floor area that allow you to sit, yet you are still as close to the stage as those holding floor tickets. *I do warn you though, if you are sitting in the first few rows of those sections, and it is a standing room floor, your view can and may be blocked by standers.* There's also plenty of restrooms, bars, and even cocktail waitresses that will serve you drinks at your seat.I can only hope that future venues look to the Pearl as a blueprint. I've already been disappointed to hear that the newest Vegas venue, the Chelsea Ballroom, is just that...a ballroom.
4	I was fortunate enough to spend my NYE with the extremely talented and greatest eye candy of all, John Legend. I found out he was playing at The Pearl for NYE, I informed my girlfriends and we were all in for a NYE with John Legend!!! We decided to go all out and got 5th row middle seats...I'm pretty much broke now, but it sounded like a good idea at the time. And looking back at how much fun I had, it was worth every penny to see John Legend up close and personal! The venue itself, fantastic! Located inside The Palms Hotel....smaller more intimate setting, and from looking around a really great view from wherever you sit. The bars outside had limited selection of liquor and beer, but the bartenders are super nice and will try to mix you up something yummy with what they have. The acoustics were great, Johnny sounded fantastic, and I sang duets with him throughout the evening....Love that man. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=wByqlwP3G8jJe3cPn7HmTg&userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqggAs we walked out of the venue, there were people passing out hats, crowns,  beads and noisemakers for NYE, we had just enough time to get to the bar to grab some drinks and have a view from our suite of the fireworks on strip. NYE + John Legend + Fireworks = HAPPINESS!!
5	Great small venue. Was towards the back on the first level of this approx 2500 capacity theater and enjoyed the show. Seats were comfortable. Easy access to bars. Never waited in line with more that 2 people in front of me. If your favorite band/artist is playing there, don't miss it.
2	Just watched Godsmack. I need to say...Godsmack rocks! But how sad we couldn't hear any of Sully's vocals over the instrumentals!!!  If I didn't already know the words I wouldn't have understood the songs.  Sad!
5	I saw Puscifer here a few months ago.Top 5 venues I've been to in the U.S.What can I say? This place was amazing. The sound, ambiance and even the security guards were top notch.
3	I went to see Jeff Tracta at The Pearl last Sunday.  I've been here for several concerts but I never reviewed the place before.I give it 3 stars because of the layout.  If you're on the floor, you need to walk down several sets of stairs.  Floor seats are generally the most accessible but not at the Pearl.There are also several little offset places where there's only one way in and out which makes for a backup of people trying to leave at the end of a concert.The sound is good, but the folding chairs are close to each other--in fact attached to each other by plastic slip ties which are de rigueur for some venues in this town.  So, while The Pearl has some good entertainment, it's simply OK.
5	Super cool small venue in The Palms, lots of different seating areas including GA plus boxes. Superb sound quality and not a bad view to be had. Bar prices are fair, bathrooms are better than your typical music venue. I believe more bands will discover The Pearl and I will rush back.
5	Bottom line: Best concert venue in Vegas.I have seen, off the top of my head, 30 Seconds to Mars [NYE show], 30 Seconds to Mars/Neon Trees, LCD Soundsystem/Sleigh Bells, Lisa Lampanelli, Morrissey, Nick Cannon, Norah Jones/Corinne Bailey Rae, Smashing Pumpkins, Snow Patrol/Hot Hot Heat,  System of a Down/Gogol Bordello, and Yeah Yeah Yeahs/No Age, along with non-concert events like Strikeforce and Championship Boxing, among others, and every set had incredible sound quality (with the exception of Neon Trees set because their sound engineer must have been high or uncaring, and Sleigh Bells was so loud that it made 95% of the concert-goers deaf [other 5% had hearing protection]). Obviously, I have seen shows from all different vantage-points (GA from barrier, GA from left, GA from right, seated on FLOOR, seated in MEZZ, seated in "casino-level", seated in box) and the lines of sights at this hall are stupendous. Really, the only CON I can think of, is that Palms does not permit queuing for shows. I suppose they do this for "safety", and yet it makes it so uniquely dangerous when some fanatics like the Jared Leto followers all rush  the doors once it is time for door to open. Solution to this is to not to queue for shows here, but this is not really an option for those superfans that queue to be on the barrier. For them I say: wear boots and assert yourselves. Be safe. - E
5	Despite the rave review from my friend, I was still surprised at how great of a concert venue The Pearl at The Palm is. They converted a spacious IMAX theater into an intimate concert venue with great acoustics and seating. It's one of those intimate, mid-sized venues that brings the audience closer to the music and artist. And the balcony seating is a nice touch. I had a chance to see my favorite ban from college - Ben Folds 5 - there a week or so back and it was one of the best concerts I have been to. We were sitting dead center, but rather far up in the venue, and the acoustic were amazing. We could hear everything clearly, and see everything because of the theater-style seating and excellent large video screens on each side of the stage. They get a great mix of artists here, and my friend says every show he has seen here has been outstanding. This is such a great venue that every time I hit Vegas, I plan to check out what's playing here. If it's someone I like, I am going to go, because the venue is that good.
3	This is a pretty nice looking venue but I found the seats to be very uncomfortable. They were not well padded and don't give you much elbow room. If you are a larger person such as the hubby and myself, you'll have a hard time squeezing your backside in between the armrests. At least the aisles were wide enough that people could get to their seats without stepping on everyones toes and the cocktail servers could get around to serve drinks. Not sure if they offer that for concerts but they did at the comedy show we went to.The top tier was closed when we went so we were in the furthest back section (but still center) and yet the view was great. They also have a couple of huge screens in case you really want to see a close up of the performer.
5	How To Destroy Angels? That was the question of the evening.Hands down, this is THE best place to see a concert in Las Vegas, period. The venue size is perfect (max's out at 2,500 people) and the acoustics are great.  Not a bad seat in the house. I've seen several shows here over the years including The Cure, NIN, Eddie Vedder, A Perfect Circle, TOOL and Lady Gaga (ok just kidding about the Gaga) and last night How To Destroy Angels and upcoming will be Depeche Mode.  The event staff are always nice, even those pesky ushers who try to keep you in your seat.  I'm usually on the floor for every show but even one time when I was on the seated level I wanted to move for a better view...no problemo and they even let me down to the floor anyway.I don't know what else to say...if you like concerts and a band you are into is playing here, GO!  This venue beats anywhere in town.  Drinks are about half of the price of HOB as well. Beer was 8 bucks, and I usually pay 12-14 at HOB.
4	I haven't been to the Pearl before so I don't know what to expect and was hoping it was a good venue. Came to see How To Destroy Angels and the acoustics were great. There's speakers all over the theater and if you program sound delays and balanced it right it could sound like 5.1 surround quality and they were able to achieve that for this show. It's a good sized venue, but not huge so even if you're way in the back you can still get a quality show and not be in a nosebleed. There's general admission then seating balcony, mezzanine and they also have box seats. We decided to go with seating because we too tired and creaky for that standing business. Now, the BF and I aren't huge people, but those seat arm rests are small because our arms were on top of each other. The chair size is standard but since there is no gap between then it feels a bit cozy. BTW, if you want to skip the ticketmaster fees, just buy the tickets at the venues box office like we did. I didn't get from the concession stand but standard sodas, water and alcohol was available and also cocktail waitresses will be walking around during the show as well. Bring cash as I was told they were cash only, but I didn't buy a beverage to confirm it. They didn't check my purse, I had bottled water with me. Overall, this is a good music venue so if you like someone playing here I would say go!
5	This is an awesome venue!  I came here in April to see Garbage and the show was outstanding!  Every seat is a good one, the venue is small and intimate but not too small.  The drinks are a bit pricey but its Vegas.  The bathrooms were very clean and organized.
4	I attended a conference there and the venue is small enough that all seats are great.  However, I'm very short and sitting in the seats were very uncomfortable for me!  But my friend who is 6'2 and probably 220 almost got stuck in his seat.  He was so uncomfortable.  We all switched to chairs that were in the back with still a decent view because it gave you more room.  Just know you will be packed in like sardines.  But the sound and venue itself could be great for a concert.
4	Drove from Los Angeles to see The Alabama Shakes play here, (I didn't like the Venues they were set to play in LA so I made it my excuse to see them in Vegas and get a mini trip out of it). I really liked this venue. It was small enough to enjoy from just about every seat or the pit. They didn't over crowd the pit area so you didn't feel like you could move or breath, there was just enough room and I even got up to the blockade in the front so I was super close to the band.  The sound was great, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the security people couldn't be nicer, I am not a fan of jerky security guards that think they are god because they are security. And best of all they even had cocktail waitresses coming by though the whole show brining your drinks so you wouldn't have to miss any part of the show. Though I opted to go wait at the bar line during the second opening band cause they weren't my cup of tea.  Drink prices are on the average as compared to any other concert venue.  If there is someone I would like to see playing here, I can see coming back to Vegas to see them. The next night Sarah Silverman was having a comedy show here, I could see enjoying a comedy at the Pearl Theater, it would be a good venue for that as well.
4	Excellent place for concerts or etc. There doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the place. Even the higher up cheap seats seem to have a pretty good view (I haven't sat there, but it didn't look bad)I've seen a few concerts and comedy shows here so far and it's one of my favorite venues. There are two bars (although the side bar isn't always open)One concern I have is there is only one set of stairs/elevator to get in and out. That sounds like a fire code, but what do I know? I'm sure it's fine and only a few people would be trampled to death... Sound quality is very good. I have no desire to ever sit in GA, so my preference is definitely the middle section. I personally like the side, but I think all of you should sit in the center... you know to leave those side tickets available for me J
5	Great venue. Kind of small, but definitely in a good way. I saw System of a Down here on May 22, 2011. They rocked the place hard!
4	I've been here many times before watching my most favorite bands perform, including Dir en grey, Atreyu, A7X, and many rock bands, Including some of my favorites from Japan. There isn't much to say when you are standing on the floor, spilled drinks, sticky floor, jumping and shouting. Yeah normal stuff.  I've purchased a few seat tickets before and they were alright. Nothing worth noting. The view is just right wherever you sit, but you get what you pay for, pay less and you'll sit farther away from the stage, you know.Sound system is fair, i've heard better at other venues. There's good customer service here, Everyone is in a hurry to get things done though so sometimes people aren't "friendly," but rather to hurry to help the next person, which is understandable.Sometimes I feel security isn't too tight here, as one concert i went to that i purchased seat tickets to, a couple guys were one row below me and just snuck up over the gate and onto the floor, probably to get a closer look maybe. I find it kind of funny.Overall a good venue! Nothing really bad about it, but nothing really stands out either. If your favorite band is performing here, You should go see them. Have fun!
1	Flight to Vegas: $200Suite Hotel at the Palms: $250Ticket to (ONCE IN A LIFETIME/ SOLD OUT) FURTHUR show at the pearl: $200**Security's choice to DETAIN ME for 3 HOURS: PRICELESS**If you want to party VEGAS STYLE... Don't waste your money at the Pearl. THE SECURITY IS A GANG OF LYING, STEALING, CROOKS. I was picked out of the line into the show, searched, then escorted ONTO Pearl Property, asked to sign a TRESSPASSING AGREEMENT (in which I agreed to promptly exit the venue, the hotel, my hotel suite, the palms property etc.) MIND YOU I HAD NOTHING ILLEGAL IN MY POSSESSION!!! In my refusal to agree with what was about to go down, KEVIN (Very rude, unknowledgeable, "head of security") escorted my into a security holding cell. I was stripped of my belongings (purse/cell phone/money) and was to sit until the POLICE ARRIVED! I was ready and willing to take whatever bogus citation the security wanted me to be fined with, but understand THEY NEVER CALLED THE POLICE!!! They UNLAWFULLY held me against my will for NOTHING, just long enough for me to miss the concert I had based my lengthy 1-day Vegas trip around. I could not believe the disrespect I was treated with after FULL COOPERATION with the search and following procedure. I could not fathom what power trip these clowns were on, and although I am thankful the police were not involved in the end, I was still EVICTED FROM MY HOTEL SUITE AT THE PALMS AND ESCORTED OFF THE PROPERTY. THESE PEOPLE ARE THE THIEVES OF THIEVES. THEY WILL RUIN YOUR NIGHT IF IT MEANS ONE LESS PERSON (AND $200 MORE DOLLARS) IN THEIR VENUE.DON'T LOOK AT THEM WRONG!!!You would think that a venue would we ready and willing to accept eager dance-partiers, but I wouldn't be surprised if security was walking around telling people to stop dancing, that's how much faith I have in them. PUT ON A GRATEFUL DEAD RECORD you arrogant imbeciles. A good venue would predict what type of people is attending their show, and realize their efforts spent on me were a COMPLETE WASTE OF BOTH OF OUR TIMES. (When people were trying to sell who knows how many illegal substances!?!)TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ON TOP OF IT! I have made numerous phone calls to the Pearl, they are refusing to refund my money, and continue to hang up/ignore/or re-direct my phone calls. My lawyer is now involved and THE COUNTLESS FRIENDS AND FAMILY I HAVE IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY WILL NEVER PLAY AT THE PEARL AGAIN. Thank you for ruining my LAST CHANCE to see Furthur. (Seeing as they are taking hiatus after this tour). I will never spend another cent at the Pearl.
5	I was at The Peal last night for Depeche Mode.  (I couldn't check in, since my phone decided that moving from the food court to the theater was "roaming." *sigh*  *&#! you, Sprint. lol)I've been to the Pearl before, to see the Cranberries a couple years back.  I'd forgotten what a great music venue this is. Back in April, when we bought the tickets, we were given the option of General Admission, which is the closest to the stage, but there are no seats...so its basically standing up, smooshed and croweded.  We chose to get seats, to avoid being part of the crazed mob. Great decision. We stood the whole time anyway, and the seats were mildly uncomfortable (not really "fluffy" friendly, if you get my drift.)...but what great seats.  We were 8 rows behind the sound guys, maybe 80-100 feet away from the stage.  I firmly believe there is not a bad seat in this theater.  The acoustics are amazing.  The sound was spectacular.  Everything, really, made this night rank as my top 2 concerts of ALL TIME.  I'm not going to gush about how amazing Depeche Mode was, because...well...its Depeche Mode.  That and the review is for the theater, not the band. lolI love coming to the Pearl.  Tickets were expensive for this event, but I don't think all of the events are this much.  Even so, I feel that it was worth it.  Excellent evening.
5	What can I say.....when something is so good, you just want to recreate the experience.  So when we found out DEPECHE MODE was playing again at Pearl, we immediately got our tickets & booked our flightsOne might even say - we "Just Can't Get Enough"This venue was just as awesome as the last time we were here - seats allowed for perfect views ( that is, until the guy in front of us decided it was a great idea to continually wave his arms back & forth )The sound was still perfect, the video display behind the band was crystal clear & needless to say, the show was phenomenal!Can't wait to come back for another world class band in such an intimate venue!
4	This is a great venue to view a concert. The venue is small but not huge either. The venue has just enough seats to make viewing a concert a great experience. There are 2500 seats available in this particular venue and additionally a pit area for general admission ticket holders.We were located in GA and had a great view of the stage. Also, the acoustics are amazing. My ears are still ringing from last night so you won't be disappointed at all if you are looking for an great acoustic performance.The only reason that it's not rated higher is because of the high prices that are charged just to watch a concert at the Pearl. I have wanted to go to a few concerts here in the past but they are always pretty ridiculously priced. One example was tickets for Depeche Mode not too long ago and the most affordable ticket was $150! Too much.If the prices don't deter you I definitely would recommend this concert venue.
2	The reason I'm giving this venue only two stars is because of problems with the floor level seating.  To say that there are "no bad seats" in this theater is not true.  If you are sitting in the floor level area, you will encounter several problems.  One:  these seats do not seem to be tiered, levelwise, so everyone is pretty much sitting on the same level.  If you are short and someone tall is in front of you, good luck seeing the stage.  Unlike in the mezzanine area where the seating is tiiered, even if someone tall sits in front of a shorter person, there's enough clearance that the line of sight is still okay.  But not with those floor level seats.  What's the point of buying a ticket "close" to the stage that you end up not being able to see because of this very poor arrangement?  Two:  the seats are folding chairs.  Yes, they are padded but the main problems is that they are wayyy too close to each other.  Unless you enjoy the thought of getting real close with your neighbor, you'll want to avoid this set-up.  And since most people these days tend to be on the "large" side, you could easily find yourself totally literally squeezed between people like sardines.  Not a great way to view a show.  Third:  this is the area where people tend to get up and stand through various portions of the show, esp. if it's a rock show.  They stand and sway and totally block your view  whereas mezzanine guests tend to stay seated and not do this.  I guess there's a reason they call this area the "pit" because it can be the pits to sit on the floor level.  Unless this is the "experience" you are seeking, I'd highly advise you get seats in an upper level.  Yes, a bit further from the stage but at least you'll have a chance to SEE the performer, rather than coping with being jammed in between other people, or coping with people standing and blocking your view.  On first glance, the floor seats appear to be the best or closest seats, but don't be fooled by this because of all the above problems.  They are NOT good seats, and whoever designed this arrangement is really taking money from people who came to see a show and then can't see it.  If you do find yourself down there and the theater isn't fully booked, ask to move to an upper level seat that is unoccupied.  Other than that, it is a nice theater with good acoustics and is probably okay elsewhere in the theater. Just a warning to others to help avoid the frustration of feeling that you spent  $$$ for a ticket and ended up unhappy.
4	I saw Ringo Starr here this past weekend. I loved the theatre. I thought my seats would be far but they were great and had a great view. I would say that there is no bad seat in the house except the floor. I always wonder why people buy floor seats if they know that a lot of people will stand up and cover your view. It's a given! So why complain about not being able to see? Anyway, I sat in section 203 and loved it. The only thing I disliked about the place is the waiters/waitresses selling cocktails. They would go up and down the stairs and it was distracting. I also laughed at the prices for drinks. 5 dollars for a little cup of diet coke or club soda or a small bottle of water. I'm glad I had drinks and dinner before the show because the prices were just plain exaggerated. I would definitley come back here. DO NOT SIT ON THE FLOOR unless you have front row seats.
4	Came a couple months ago to see Straight No Chaser during a 2 pm Saturday show. Want to get an awesome seat? Come to an obscure a capella concert at 2 pm on a Saturday! LOL But seriously...Since attendance was low, the ushers were awesome enough to move everyone into closer seats for free. Awesome! I do not recommend paying more to have floor seating - everyone down there was on one level in folding chairs and seemed to be craning their necks the whole time. The mezzanine seating is tiered, we had no one around us, and it was awesome. Almost felt like we had the show to ourselves. :-)Very friendly service, extremely clean bathrooms, and a great view from where we were (and we always buy the cheapest tickets). I would definitely return to this venue in the future!
5	Rock On!  Great venue to see a classic act like the nearly ageless Alice Cooper!  Terrific seats can be had at a reasonable price.  For my RTP peeps, it's comparable to DPAC, maybe slightly bigger, and the setup is similar, maybe slightly better for viewing from the wings.  Sound was well mixed.Great Venue for a great show.
5	We went to see Robin Thicke here 12/29 and was first time to see a show at Pearl though have been to Palms many times before. Purchased the least expensive seats in the balcony Section 303 and since the show (surprisingly as Robin's show is great but was not sold out) staff gave us better seats in same section stage center. This is a great venue to see shows as the view & acoustics are excellent. Staff friendly, look forward to see another show here again when there is an artist we want to see. Highly recommend.
5	I love this theatre not a bad seat In the house we saw Lisa lampenelli and she was amazing!! I like the fact they have cocktail waitresses so you don't have to leave your seat which is very annoying to have to all get up because someone needs to leave their seat and get by, this prevents this.
5	I have been to 50+ live acts in Las Vegas. From local bands, to headliners, comedians, dance shows, cirque shows, YOU NAME IT! I have seen 50cent to Aerosmith. So I know what I am talking about when I say The Pearl has some of the best sound in Vegas!! I was lucky enough to go to the very first show at the Pearl when it opened. Gwen Stefani's solo tour. I love the set up! The seating tends to go upward versus outward which makes the seats good no matter where you are. There are about 12-18 VIP boxes on the sides, and a floor that can have general admission as well as assigned seating depending on the act. When the lovely Jessie B. offered me Lisa Lampenelli tickets at the Pearl, I was full of gratitude because I for 1, love her as a comedian and for 2, would never turn down a show at The Pearl! Even for a stand up act the venue was perfect. Two large screens on the side, even though from section 203 row L, I could see her just fine.This was such a great thing for the Palms to add to their already amazing casino. For a local, the people watching is always fun, and I never mind the crowd. Well done Palms. Until next time.
4	Very nice venue, tucked just inside the Palms. Park by the movie theater, walk in past the food court, and it's on your right. Surprisingly easy to find and surprisingly sound proof- inside, the music was loud as hell, but walking by outside you wouldn't have a clue.Got free tickets to see Styx last night, courtesy of Yelp. (Thanks Dave!) We were in Box 311, which is the top level box closest to the right side of the stage- and a big bank of speakers, which may be why I thought it was so loud.Damn good view, the closest you could get without having to stand, and for an avid people-watcher like myself, gave a great view of the crowd as well.As others have said, there really doesn't seem to be a bad seat in this venue- maybe the very back rows of 302 might be a little underwhelming, but for the "worst" seats at a venue they're still pretty amazing, due in large part to how intimate this theater is.
4	One of the nicer concert venues in Las Vegas, where the lines move fast whether you're at the box office or line to get in the doors. The venue isn't too large so the view is good from any seat on any of their 3 floors. Sound is pretty good here but if you're sitting closer to the front or higher up (3rd floor), you may found it overly loud. Parking is easy and traffic flows well through the Palms parking lot. We've never had a problem getting in or out on time when coming to a show here.
4	First time at this venue for Styx. My balcony seat offered a nice view and was not crowded, which is just how I like my concert seating!This stadium style venue is first class, with great sound and pretty comfortable seating. The show started about 20 minutes late (hate that) which may be the standard for shows here, I'm not sure. I would return if the price is right, and this is a unique venue with a good location at The Palms!
5	My favorite venue in Vegas! Bars on every level, the staff is very nice, intimate seating, and good sound. It is off the strip, so you do not have to deal with extremely bad traffic. There are also great options for nice dining in the Palms like Alize and Simon. I always look for bands here! I love it!
5	It's a great theater for shows and events!  I've been here on multiple locations.  From floor seats, second level and balcony, it's a pretty good view from all standpoints.  The venue isn't huge like many of the arenas at the other casinos but it is a fair size.  Their sound system is also pretty great.  It's crisp and clear.  Plus you don't get the echo from the entertainers which can sometimes be an annoyance.  Ushers here have been very friendly and helpful.   Always smiling and pleasant!  There are also waitresses walking around the floor level so you don't have to leave the entertainment to refill!  Nice! Enjoy the show!
5	Very awesome music venue! Although it's a relatively big theater, the view is awesome at all levels, and the sound and acoustics are great as well. Just as good was the fact that the bouncers weren't a bunch of d*ckheads like you see at other venues. Just please don't be an idiot and spill your drink all over other people if you're going to be in the pit area. Drink your f*cking drink when you buy it, then head back to the floor.
3	I like the size of this place... You can't really have a bad seat :)
4	The greatest bands in the smallest of all spaces.Went to see Depeche Mode in there, great sound, good crowd management, and it is the smallest of all worldwide venues they could have been seen in years.
4	We saw Los Lonely Boys & the unbelievable Kenny Wayne Shephard here 8/1/14.Small intimate theatre, great place if you get to see your favorite act here.  We were in the 2nd row, the floor seating on the left.The acoustics down here left alot to be desired.  In particular, the first act (pushed up closer to the stage edge) H. Garzas guitar amps were not shielded by plexi-glas, and dominated everything - although i am a guitar player and LOVED his fantastic talent!, we couldnt hear much else.  Kenny Wayne shielded his guitar amps, which were further back, with plexi and we got a more balanced sound.   I think the rest of the house gets a great mix from what I read of other reviewers.The seats, well thats my big complaint.  Fold down metal chairs, granted with a decent 3 inch cushion, rigidly attached to each other WITH NO SPACING, might be comfortable for a scrawny 18YO 130lb kid; but an average adult (I'm 180lb) cannot squeeze in here without significant contact to your neighbors -  i sat with my hands and knees scrunched together and left the show in a fair amount of pain.  The Higher tier seats looked to have at least armrests.The floor seats cannot see the spectacular HD video, either. Oh yeah, boo-hoo, front row crybaby :) oft times they did scamper over to the other side of the stage so it would be NICE to see the screen. Sky high prices on drinks ($8 I think for a 16oz bottle of water!), and you cannot bring anything in with you (by comparison, MGM Garden Arena allows you to enter with your drink in hand as long as its in a plastic cup).Although the regs say no cameras, i did have a point-shoot camera with the flash turned off, with no grief given - modern cell phones take incredible, better pics anyway and these were blazing away with no problem.  However, photos with an IPAD will draw heat, so leave that at home or closed.Staff was courteous and professional.  Theatre was clean.  My experience here is probably a 3star, but it sounds like other revieweres have great experiences if you're not in a metal chair nightmare seat, so I'll go 4 here.  Next time (ya i'm DEFINITELY coming back) we'll sit up higher.
4	Venue:  Pearl Concert Theater At Palms CasinoDecor: Concert Style, Multi UseService: Ok...Not great..nor BadEnvironment: Concerts, PerformancesFood: N/A (couldn't speak on it) Prices:  Not bad. Not over the top. Debbie Downers:  Some of the areas of seating has a bad line of sight. Conclusion: The Pearl Concert Theater is an entertainment venue in the Palms Casino.  I thought the sound system was excellent.  I believed the seating was comfortable.  I attended a boxing bout here.  It was peaceful, not too rowdy although I believe it doesn't seem like the best venue for that sport.  However with a decent stage area, I'm sure there are excellent concerts performed here.  It is intimate and easily accessible on foot within the Pearl Casino. Overall: B
1	The absolute worst management ever in a concert.  Could not dance in your seating area on the Floor.  We were reprimanded several times for dancing. Unbelievable BS how we wasted so much money on this awfully managed concert. I have spent thousands of dollars on concerts in the past and have never been threatened by management for shaking my bones at ANY concert. WE were not moshing by any stretch of the imagination. This was a Fogarty concert!! Most people were bald and 50+ yeats old! ! I was pulling aside by security to complain about my wife's attitude? ?????? REALLY!!!! She was not even doing anything but dancing with another person.   We will NEVER be back. This place is soooo pathetic. I have waited my entire 44 year life to see this epic show and the pearl security ruined the experience.  Thanks for ruining the last night in Vegas.  The cab driver on the way home said the cosmo is killing the palms good job cosmo the deserve to die a brutal death.  Customers rule and crappy service aKills. Thanks for the craptacular capstone to our otherwise awesome 2 week's in Vegas. Hope you die a miserable death.  Sorry John Fogarty you still rock the house at 69 years!  Pick a better venue next time. We will be there.  Be warned the acoustics rocks but the staff blows chunks
1	Don't use your smartphone ticket app. Print your tickets out at home instead. You think you're saving ink and trees by doing the right thing but you'd be wrong. Rude and indifferent ticket takers and box office agents don't care. You pay exorbitant fees for tickets thinking they have readers that can read barcodes on phones but you'd be wrong again. You wait in line for them to tell you that their antiquated Palm Pilots can't scan the barcodes on your phone. Then you embarrassingly leave the line and go to the box office line to see 12 other people that are in the same predicament as you. Their smartphones are glowing with ticket master barcodes that cannot be read and now have to wait in yet another line for them to print out paper tickets. Had I known that the Palms still utilized technology from 2001 when they opened, I would have gladly printed it at home. Not the way I want to start a concert after shelling out my hard earned money. The ticket agents don't care and their managers give you a condescending remark when you voice your concern about being inconvenienced.  It's a shame because The Pearl is a stellar venue. Palms, get your act together, please.
5	Saw Erasure Halloween night 2014, amazing show sound was excellent and the visuals were awesome! They played a ton of hits from the past and from there new album the violet flame was killer... Great bars located in various locations made it convenient to buy drinks all night long, Andy Bell and Vince Clarke formerly of Depeche Mode was amazing to say the least, This is a great location to watch a show and Ghostbar up stairs on there roof was even better at the palms hotel,great hotel to stay play and party at
1	Attended our first show at this venue on 11/28/14. Immediately prior to entry, we each purchased a 12 oz bottle of beer in the casino. "Security" at the door to the Theater sez, "You can't bring those in here." Fair enough (even though they likely sell the exact same product inside...)...we finish them outside the entrance and try again. This time "Security" takes issue with a bottle of water, also purchased within the casino: "We need to open that bottle and keep the cap, as you might throw it on the stage." Apparently it would have been A-OK in the Gestapo's eyes to throw an entire topless bottle of water on the stage, but I digress.Acoustics were fine. Employees within were fine. For the issues above, Pearl Theater, you kind of suck.
5	One of my very favorite venues in town to see a show. I have been seated in just about every section of the theater over the years for various events from concert to boxing and I have to say every seat has had an excellent view of the action while maintaining great acoustics. The theater is large without being too large to enjoy whatever show you are there for. I have to admit the theater often plays a big role when I'm on the fence about purchasing tickets and when I see that it's at the Pearl I'm more inclined to go.
3	First time coming to this hall. Although I had hi expectations beings it the Palms and all I wasn't overly impressed. I didn't like the GA tickets were the highest priced and had no seating options. I also wasn't impressed with how the exit strategy works after the show. We were stuck on stairs trying to exit for 15 mins. Now my point on that is let's just say there's a fire or earthquake something serious that you have to exit right away. Not good of your trapped for a bit. I thought tickets were over priced for what it is but I realize bands dictate that as well. Anyway loved seeing Tears For Fears live.
5	Great concert hall with two floors over looking the stage. Plenty of rooms to move around during metal concerts to mosh.
