3	Usc is a clothes shop showing a diffrent variety of all your top makes.Usc is quite epensive.There is good friendly staff there and its a nice looking shop.
3	When I was younger I loved this place, it was the epitome of cool and all things trendy. When  I would come home donned in new outfits, my friends all rushed to the nearest USC to get their hands on the same gladrags. However, now that I'm a bit older I appreciate that it doesn't all depend on the name or the label. And to be perfectly honest, I think that's what USC is all about. They sell bog-standard teenage stuff. It can be quite nice if you really look, or now and again they have really decent stuff. But overall, I think I've passed my USC stage, but that doesn't mean you have!!They always have lovely window displays in this branch, which always gets me into the shop. For about 2 minutes.
4	Back when I was a 15 year old lad, USC was the place to be seen in. Be it for a fetching Henri Lloyd polo shirt, a classic pair of tan Rockports, or a pastel yellow Lacoste top that made you look like a walking Fruit-tella, if you required that borstal boy look to stand out in the playground, USC was where it was it. A particular classic was the plastic-effect Teddy Smith jacket I had. To say I looked like a smooth operator  would have been the understatement of the century.I'm rarely in here now, but the fact that the window displays are no longer too far off what you'll see at Cult Clothing (the home of "moshers" and "goths" back then) shows that teenage ned fashion has changed somewhat in the past decade.No longer of much interest to me, but very good at what they do.
3	Like the other reviewers, I used to love USC when I was at high school. It was somewhere I'd visit with my friends of a weekend and spend my pocket money on a cool purse or funky belt. I used to love Vila and Firetrap and they are two of many brands that are stocked in USC. You will also find Adidas, Fred Perry, Diesel, G-Star, Gio Gio, Miss Sixty, Lacoste, Ted Baker and various other predictable and unimaginative designer brands. I even noticed recently that they stock a brand called "Bawbags" who make boxers. Hmm...USC is fairly inoffensive and worth a look as you never know what you might come across, they also do very good sales too.
