4	fast service!
3	They have a good Jr. Bacon Burger that is seasoned well and juicy, the Cheesy Potato Wedges were so delicious, and Oreo milkshake was so good and rich and creamy. The only problem is the service. They gave us something we didn't order, Chicken Nuggets. I gave them back to the lady at the counter. They didn't have the fastest service either. Sorry Crystal but my service was bad. If the food was bad and I got a stomachache, I would give it one star. Since the food was good I decided to give it 3.
3	They have a good Jr. Bacon Burger that is seasoned well and juicy, the Cheesy Potato Wedges were so delicious, and Oreo milkshake was so good and rich and creamy. The only problem is the service. They gave us something we didn't order, Chicken Nuggets. I gave them back to the lady at the counter. They didn't have the fastest service either. Sorry Crystal but my service was bad. If the food was bad and I got a stomachache, I would give it one star. Since the food was good
2	Service is slow
1	First time coming to this location and the drive thru didn't speak English very well I couldn't understand anything she said . Then she wants to rush me and throws my change at me. Rude service
3	The BEST biscuits of any fast food restaurant :DThat's not an easy feat, you know? They are just the perfect consistency, just a little flaky, not too sweet (it's not supposed to taste like a cupcake, lol) & it doesn't turn into a rock if you don't eat it right away. I likee!  I also like that there are 2 exits from this restaurant. The one on Grand is easy to come in through, but not easy to exit from, lol. So on the way out I go out the back exit, which seems to lead into a paved alley and then exits onto the other side road. Easy peezy lemon squeezy :)
3	Service wasn't very good and pretty slow but I expect that from most "fast" food. Jack in the Box has one BANGIN chicken sandwich though, that's for sure.
1	Had a coupon, as I usually do, and decided to get a Monster Taco. All I had to do was buy the drink and taco free!! Cool! I watched as a guy WITHOUT RUBBER GLOVES handled my taco and its ingredients!! He put it in the bag and, there I go!!! I asked the gal who was the cashier,"Do they not wear gloves when handling tacos?" She looked around at him then said, "We wash our hands!" OK, no more!! Too many other options.
2	What do you expect from a fast food chain.  Had the Southwest chicken salad. Meh.
