5	Well now...this place was a blast!!!If you are looking for something a little different, something just a hair away from the "ching ching ching" of the slots but interjected with sophistication and chalked full of high end amenities to make you feel like a high roller...Median Luxury Suites make the cut.I come to Vegas frequently like any good Californian but I was honestly getting a little bored with all the rooms at all the hotels that looked the same.  PLEASE don't misunderstand me and think I don't like the glitz and the glamour of the strip hotels because I do, I definitely have my favorites on the south, central and north strip but sometimes I crave something different.This hotel's guest rooms are actually condos and they are just a Vegas-sized block off center strip. They come fully equipped with plasma screen TVs in all the rooms (I stayed in a 2 bedroom/2 bath suite), kitchen with everything you need to make a gourmet meal, luxurious appointments such as granite counter top, custom furnishings (LOVED the dining table and L-shaped sofa), modern light fixtures, upgraded linens and pillows, fantastic-walk in closet, etc. etc. The Pros are many including friendly guest service agents - they helped a friend of mine who tore his MCL and ACL surfing with a number to get a little "scoot-around" for cruising the strip, use your imagination here!  With their pool, decor, amenities and service...I was pleasantly surprised. However, there are some things to consider before booking this place.They do not have restaurant on site but they do have room service and a nice steak house right next door. They do not have gambling but again, you are a nice walk or short cab ride to the strip. I wanted a change of pace, wanted to treat all my pals coming with me to a gourmet meal after an afternoon down at the pool and the kitchen worked out well for entertaining.  That's my take...I'm going to out Vegas again in June and will be staying somewhere else, but I will come back to the Meridian again!
5	1-888-NEON LIGHTSWow is all I can say when I walked into our suite. Yes, at $99 per night we got a 1 bedroom suite, complete with a washer and dryer, dishes, spices, and a huge tub & shower. ON MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND! Actually, every day of the year it is always $99 - and so much better than a majority of the strip hotels I've stayed at. There are granite counter tops, tile floors, balconies with furniture, a beautiful pool & jacuzzi area (so nice to see all those fabulous Las Vegas party bodies out there!) and the front desk staff will do anything you ask. It is also located within a few block of the best place for breakfast in Las Vegas (Blueberry Hill) and right down the street from the best of the new strip. The couch in the living room is fabulously comfortable and sits in front of a great flat screen TV with cable (so does the bedroom). One thing you will notice at once is there is no stale disgusting odors like there are in the strip hotels (like smoke), the linens are beautiful and clean and smell good (down comforters!), not like bleach and smoke! Also, the water pressure and faucet head in the shower will allow you to enjoy a nice shower. There is plenty of lighting in the room, even in the little corners. I can't say enough good things about this place. All suites is no joke. We even got a chance to do our laundry in our room before we left so there was no dirty laundry to do upon our return or packed in our bags with the clean laundry. Perfect!
5	Loved this place! It's cute, luxurious and absolutely private. Great modern design and spotlessly clean. This place has a great kitchen with stainless steel appliances a lovable bedroom and living room. It has even a small dining area. This place feels just like home.
5	I'm keeping the 5 star rating I gave back in April of 2008, however, I went online today to make a reservation and learned they are no longer "accepting reservations". Not sure exactly what that means but one can only assume, they are no longer in business. Sad.
4	Stayed here a few years ago.  Great layout, very clean, parking was good, close to strip and having a full kitchen was very helpful during our stay.
