3	Stayed here for a few days.  Got the Suite with the Jacuzzi.  The room is spacious, the Jacuzzi now is a built in tub Jacuzzi that you can't use if the water keeps running out since the stopper won't work.  The room smells a bit stale.  Room Service is friendly but comes around really late in this room.  Breakfast is till 9:30 am includes eggs, gravy, pastries, waffles, cereal, fruit.. So-so breakfast.. Internet is included as well.. Can be a bit noisy as well in the morning.  Lots of Space for work and to keep your PC available in this room.
5	This was a charming hotel. The front desk employees were very accommodating as we found out our a/c went out while we were away on vacation. It was late at night and we were very panicked. The rooms were very spacious and updated with a fridge and a microwave. The bed was VERY comfortable. The breakfast was above average compared to other Best Westerns that our family has stayed at. It is in a great location and easy to get to both the Chandler Mall and to downtown Chandler and even the San Tan mall in Gilbert. If we should have friends that need a place to stay we will definitely recommend this hotel!
3	I drove right by this Best Western, on my first visit even though I had my eyes peeled for the familiar Best Western logo.  It was the MacDonald's sign twice as big and with more prominant colors, sharing the same placard space that threw me off. The hotel was fine- clean, free of harsh cleaning product odors, and had a very comfortable bed.   The staff were friendly.  The wifi signal was strong. the continental breakfast in the morning was ample and diverse-- although once the whole milk was sour.The water pressure in the shower left much to be desired-- a weak trickle.  It is AZ howver, so I'm not sure there is much to be done about that.  And in the night I could hear squirrels--or rats- on the roof (I was on the second floor).All in all, a solid place to crash. I decided to stay again.  This time the room is even better,  the TV is bigger;  the food is better, and there are no rat/squirrel noises.  The water pressure is good also.  It's very nice. So why can't I bump it up a star?  The free wifi is excruciatingly slow and spotty. Even the LAN cable.  I feel like I'm back on dial-up. I wanted to, and did, scream a lot at my computer in the midnight hours during my 3 night stay. I am feeling surly and poorly rested as a result.  It was better last year with rats running on the roof and fast Internet.  I've got shit to do! !!!!!!
2	Not a terrible place to stop for the night, but the "from the hotel" overview is WAY OFF! Obviously you would expect a little exaggeration, but that is misleading 100%. Nice little place, but for a frequent traveler such as myself- mediocre at best. Breakfast is 0k, rates good, the rooms & property are kept descent. The pool/ spa area are alright, but with no fitness center or gym access it disappoints. Luxurious isn't anywhere near this place.
4	Very clean room, strong cold air conditioning, all night check in, breakfast 6:30 to 9:00, staff was friendly, and far enough from feat to not be crowded. Place was awesome.
