3	Decent Chinese take-out.  The Lo Mein is good, as are their shrimp and beef dishes.  Did not care for their shrimp and lobster sauce.  Their ribs can be hit or miss, depending on how fatty they are.  Also did not care for their Won ton or egg drop soup.  Their fried rice is good, but then, I've rarely had bad fried rice...
4	I had dinner there only one time and it was really good. The person working was very friendly. They didn't rush me and a friend who sat there for a couple hours socialize over dinner. Price is good - competitive. I agree with Bill Z - egg drop soup was only okay. The Kung Pao Chicken was VERY good. My friend had Sweet & Sour Chicken and said it was good. She chose House of Yang for our dining location, so she obviously likes it. They do have a web site with an online menu. Next time I'm in the area and want Chinese food, this is where I'd go (I think it's better than that PF place).
2	middle of the road.  I'd give it 2.5 stars.  the shrimp fried rice was very good, the teriyaki chicken good, the orange chicken pretty blech.Overall, I'd say it was decent.  Not great, not good, but not terrible.  Just average.
3	House of Yang is a decent "fast food" Chinese restaurant that serves the purpose if you're looking to satisfy a craving for Americanized Chinese.  Definitely not authentic, but the dishes aren't bad, just nothing to write home about.  They do have a nice variety of cheap lunch specials, Monday through Friday from 11AM - 2:30PM.  They run from $5.55 to $6.65 and include the normal fried rice, fried wonton and egg roll.  Their location lends itself to a lot of the surrounding businesses who come in for lunch.  For dinner, we normally end up getting the Kwan's Spicy Chicken (breaded chicken with their special spicy sauce).  We've also had their Pad Thai (which seems odd being that House of Yang is a Chinese restaurant, not Thai).  But it's surprisingly good. Not too greasy which is always nice.  We go for the Hot and Sour soup - and depending on the day and who's cooking - it can be REALLY good or just o-kay.  When it's spot on - you'll get just the right balance of spicy and sour - not too much vinegar - but not bland.  And a generous amount of shrimp, pork, and tofu.  By far one of our favorites to order even in 90 degree heat!  The place is small, almost cafeteria style - no nonsense, which is all I ever really ask for when I'm needing fast Chinese food.  I know they also deliver but have never ordered delivery (we live outside the boundaries).  I would say if you're looking for something quick and cheap - go for their lunch specials, and try their soup.  Don't expect the best Chinese you've ever had - but you should leave satisfied.
5	Love this place. Small Mom and Pop place that Iv been coming to for 15+ years. Sesame chicken, Combination Low Mein, Kung Pao Beef and their crab puffs are my usual Go To's that have never let me down.
4	Love this place - - excellent food, and you can watch them cook it (what restaurant lets you do this???).  Crab puffs are magnificent, light and not greasy.  Staff are friendly, and I've been a fan for years.  I ordered 50 egg rolls for a party, and they were fantastic, and reasonably priced.I highly recommend them.  No MSG and not much overhead - - so quality food at good prices.
5	Best Chinese Food in Phoenix!!! Since my husband is from New York, He is really Picky about his Chinese Food, and he said that IT RIVALS THE QUALITY OF CHINESE FOOD IN NEW YORK!!! Also very CHILD FRIENDLY.
3	It's hard finding good Chinese food. This place is pretty good.I had the king pao chicken and it was good but could use more kick to it. The rice and egg rolls are pretty good. The lady at the counter was very friendly, which is nice. Overall, good Chinese food at a good price.
3	Been coming here off and on for a few years. Definitely not our number 1 fave place but the food is very decent-just not super authentic. My husband and I grab food here occasionally for a quick Chinese dinner. Owners are super nice and have been kind enough to do special orders for us several times.
4	I'm lucky enough to work only about a mile from this place... so any time I can't decide on what to eat, this is the instant fallback. I have never had one bad item from the menu, and I've eaten most of it.One of my favorite things about their food, aside from the fact that it always comes out delicious, is that when you ask for something "extra spicy"... they can actually bring it! Not "melt your face off" spicy, mind you. But it's at least a nice tingle spicy. Most places can't even get that right!Bottom line is, if you're looking for something quick, tasty and not too expensive, go here.
4	Their food is amazing! It's always fresh, tasty, and fast. Take out or delivery, it's always great. This is my new go-to place for Chinese for sure. It's just delicious.We usually get chicken fried rice, it's tasty and full of yummy vegetables and their crab puffs are delicious. I can't remember what they call them here. The sesame chicken is always fresh and tasty, and the staff is very nice.
5	Holy monkeys, I didn't expect this to happen, but my opinion of this place just increased in an explosion of "YAY"ness!I've been going there for some time now... probably nigh on a year. Somehow, in all this time of getting lunches there, I managed to overlook the roasted pork with plum sauce. NO LONGER will I make such a mistake! I feel like I have an orgy of flavor in my mouth right now. Seriously, this is good. I don't know what they did to it. Maybe I'm delusional. Maybe I'm just really really hungry.... whatever it is, I am in love with this food right now.Mmmmm, back to nomming....
3	This place certainly isn't amazing. Nor is it very fresh. It is greasy 'Chinese' food made for Americans. That being said, for what it is, it's not terrible. My family has been getting food from here for over ten years. It has always been about the same. The place is really for take out, it has tables, but looks like a fast food place. They recently got a new menu board that reminds me of Panda Express... ha. Anyway, on to the food, we got a large take out order from here last night for father's day. It was one of the better tasting endeavors from this place. We ordered mu shu pork, chicken chow fun, mongolian beef, shrimp in lobster sauce, orange chicken, and we got honey wings for free (if you order more than 29$ worth of food they give you a free appetizer from a list... pretty cool). I was glad we tried the chow fun, because I have had their chow mein many times and the noodles are always greasy and limp and the chicken tastes weird.... well the chow fun had white meat chicken and was less greasy, so that was nice. The mu shu was fine and the mongolian beef was pretty good. Overall this place is very hit and miss, but it's not the worst Chinese food I've ever had....so if you're looking for something convenient, It's worth a try.
4	My wife and I ordered delivery from here last weekend.  The food came when it was promised and nothing was screwed up.  This place is pretty solid but its your typical Americanized Chinese stuff you find in every strip mall out here.  Nothing fantastic but it does the trick.
1	Okay - I am not a foodie, just looking for some decent Chinese food.  Read the yelp review on House of Yang, and decided to try it.  To start with a positive note, the woman who took my order was very cordial.  On a negative note, the food was horrible, in both presentation and more importantly taste.  I do not put many restaurants on my "never again" list, but House of Yang is clearly in my top 5.  My wife and I will never return. The search for good Chinese food in Phoenix continues...
2	I came here on my lunch break hoping to discover a new option to add to my rotation. Excluding drive time, I only have about 40 minutes to eat lunch if I go out. I went to House of Yangs and spent 25 minutes waiting and 15 minutes eating. About 6 people got their food before I did. Once I got my food, it was decent but nothing outstanding. Mongolian beef was tasty but the sides did nothing for me. Not a terrible experience but not exactly a good one either. At least it was cheap. Though I may give it a shot again in the future, I am in no rush.
5	We've ordered from House of Yang twice now (delivery both times) & we've been very pleased with he quality of the food, how quick the delivery arrives & the overall value.  We didn't have a Chinese food option prior to finding House of Yang & now that we've found them, they're our "go to".  We highly recommend!  Particularly their Beef & Broc & Chicken Fried Rice!
4	Pretty much always good food. Delivery... Dont get Angel Puffs. They arrive soggy and cold. Service is good but sometimes the person on the line is hard speaking of english. But... Yummy!
2	If you go there during lunch time, the place is usually packed but the food is fresh and good. If you go for dinner, the place is empty and the food tastes like is prepared ahead of time.
5	Okay, here goes... A lot of people on Yelp leave incredible reviews if you read them, but only give 4 stars. I read one that said "this place is incredible" and only gave 4 stars. I'm sorry but 4 stars is good, 5 stars is incredible. As a business owner my self I am emploring everyone who reads this to always put 5 stars if you even think a place is just "pretty good" just to help make up for the "liars and exaggerators" that give a business 1 star. Why is yelp so full of liars and exaggerators? Because of the name YELP.  Anyway HOUSE OF YANG is incredible it is my new favorite delivery Chinese Food!
1	NEVER EVER AGAIN!! An order of vegetable fried rice Shrimp fried riceChicken soup and Crab ragoons was delivered to our hotel around 8:00. The food was so burned we could not eat it. The rice looked like char! It was black rice!! So gross. Even the crab ragoons were smoked! Dark dark brown. And the soup...i didnt know you could burn soup!! We called right away to find no answer. The caller id must have shown it was us. Worst service ever. We tried calling a few minutes later. Still no answer. The food went to waist. We called first thing this afternoon when they opened. Only to have an extremely rude lady say 'Not possible because the soup is made in a big pot' like don't fight with me lady...you can burn a pot of soup. She said nastily 'I will let the cook know. And hung up on me! HOW RUDE. And you know what..I didn't want free food. I just wanted them to know. Or at least refund me somewhat. The order was 26$. For the little bit of food we had. Beware this place has bad food and terrible customer service.
3	I'm not really too thrilled about this place, but it is conveniently located near the places I work at around Scotsdale.  The thing is, they are consistenly mediocre, and that kinda works to their advantage.  I wish I could give them more stars, its just their food isn't really that good, but it's not bad either.  It's good if you feel like this type of chinese when you're in Scottsdale and you don't feel like spending a fortune.  Joyful house on Hayden is just a little better.
5	Holy Hernandez!  Ordered delivery and it was at my house in 11 minutes!  And yes, it was what I ordered and perfectly cooked.
2	Too each it's own. I saw some nice reviews on Yelp and decided to try.  When I walked in and the phone was ringing off the hook with take out order so I figured the food must be spectacular. I ordered lemon chicken combo and my hubby had orange chicken.  The lemon saw was amazing, however, the chicken was dried out.  The combos come with fried rice, cheese wanton and egg roll.  The rice was bland and the egg roll was greasy and had no flavor though the wontons were light, crispy and quite flavorful.  I might have been willing to give them another try as it was the holiday weekend, however, there weren't any other patrons in the restaurant and the food was so dried out and bland, I just never want to take the chance with it.Venture to this establishment at your own risk.  I have honestly had better food at a chain such a Panda -- wow.
3	Another good source for cheap Chinese food in North Scottsdale. I don't think this place is any different from Asian Island however which is just on the opposite side of the Scottsdale airport.Decent food, reasonable prices. I would come here again for lunch.As usual, I think its important to emphasize that its good for what you pay for. If you come in expecting fancy pantsy asian food for 5-10 dollars, you're expecting too much.
4	It was definitely time to write an update.  They now serve Chow Fun and it's always fresh, never dry, and packed full of all of the essentials.  Anyone who knows me knows that due to my childhood raised in NYC Chinatown, I base my dining scale on A) if a restaurant has chow fun, and B) how well prepared it is. It checks all the boxes.  The other reason for the bump up of stars is their delivery.  I have literally had delivery reach my office in fifteen minutes.  Granted, that isn't the norm, but I've never had food delivered more than a half hour after I've ordered.  Wonton soup, house chow fun, and singapore noodles.  My favorites on the menu.Super cheap all around, especially their lunch specials.  If you like a more Americanized Chinese dish - their House Chicken is actually really good.Not to jinx it, but I order from them probably once a week.  They have yet to mess up my order, and they always deliver in a timely manner.  Also - delivery is only a $12 minimum, which is on the lower end of minimums for delivery.
1	Ordered delivery for the first and last time. Although delivery was prompt and driver pleasant the food in taste was poor. Although the lady I ordered from told me the egg rolls were hand made fresh in house it didn't impact taste. The egg rolls were extremely doughy and bland. Such thick dough I didn't finish even one. Couldn't put enough sauces to add flavor. I ordered fried rice and although the egg was cooked well in the rice the veggies were so light in color they looked like they were frozen then thawed while cooked in pan. Very disappointed. The rice and veggies were very flavorless also and unfortunately within an hour of eating this take out I was sick. Avoid this place. Too many other Chinese places in area to choose from.
5	I love House of Yang! Their orange chicken and low mein are fantastic.
4	Great lunch options! Combo or no combo-- all great deals and quick.I like to order my take-out orders steamed rather than fried-- that way I can regulate how much sauce/oil goes into my dish.  I must say, tasting naked veggies and shrimp/chicken can really show the quality of the ingredients.  Subsequently, I've been quite pleased with what I've seen from House of Yang.  Today I ordered Shrimp and Broccoli with the sauce on the side with brown rice.  The portion was more than generous-- it actually feeds two in my opinion and left me with lunch tomorrow ;) The broccoli was steamed to perfection and the shrimp was only slightly overcooked.  I've had much luck for dinner take-out as well.  Again, the portions are more than generous and I've never had to wait long for my meals. Yay! I'm a fan!
1	Upon entering into the House of Yang, I was greeted by someone who I wasn't sure if he worked there or not. I thought that he said something to me, but it was incoherent words and he may have not even known what he was saying. I was craving some Chinese food and this place was close to where I work and had decent reviews on Yelp. The lady who was at the counter didn't really greet me, she just asked what I wanted. I was lagging looking over the menu and decided on the sesame chicken lunch combo. I received my meal and sat down to eat, as I opened my styrofoam container of food and looked over my meal, I was very taken aback. The sauce for the sesame chicken looked like someone had a bad cold, blown their nose and taken the abundance of snot and rolled the fried chicken pieces in it. It even had the consistency of snot. It looked nasty. I was brave though, I tried it, it didn't taste any better. It was a bland taste of who knows what. The only "sesame" that was in the sesame chicken was the sesame seeds that were all in the snot consistency sauce. I asked for white rice to accompany my meal, the rice was cold. The "combo" came with a wonton and an egg roll. As I bit into the egg roll, the texture of the egg roll was very soggy. The wonton was surprisingly hot, but had a very minute amount of meat in the middle, it also came with no sweet and sour sauce to dip, I guess that was extra. The whole meal set me back almost $8, that's way too much for lunch and I didn't even get a soda! I could have gone have lunch at Benihana for a dollar more. Next time I will. I ended up throwing my meal away and driving to Taco Bell to eat. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
4	For inexpensive, cooked to order Chinese food, this is the place. I have been eating from here since 1988 and their food has always been consistently good. I usually get the beef & broccoli but I though I would try something different and got the beef with vegetables. It was good. The beef was plentiful, tasty and cooked to perfection. The veggies were piled high. All hot, crispy and fresh. Everything was served on a bed of white rice and the soda is all you can drink. There is not much atmosphere but the lady who took my order was very friendly and chatty.
4	I am very glad this place is close by and delivers good Chinese food.  Most of the Asian restaurants in N Scottsdale are chains and they suck so it's nice to have a local.  They even do Singapore Noodles which is one of my favorites and they do it well. I wish they didn't upcharge for brown rice though.   It's a regular event for me especially if I feel like staying in and just having some comfort Chinese.
5	I used to live in the delivery area and raised my kids having delivery every other week from House of Yang. I now live about 25 minutes but still pick up orders every few weeks. The food is consistently prepared and there are many great options. I've tried many of the dishes and have never been disappointed. We used to get a variety of orders and eat family style but if you are solo, they have great lunch combos. I highly recommend House of Yang.  The places in my delivery zone are not as good and thus I continue to grab take out. Try it.
4	This place is pretty damn good. The egg rolls and crab puff was amazing. I wasn't sure if this place was any good but we decided to try it out anyway and I'm glad that we did! We will definitely be ordering from here again!
4	Fast delivery and consistent food.  I really love the pork fried rice.  The orange chicken and sweet and sour chicken are good, and the potstickers are great!
4	Absolutely love the moo shu pork!!!  Great value for the price,  large portions! Finally found a Chinese food place near us that actually has decent noodle dishes. Also,  good egg rolls!
5	Love the Mongolian beef.  Great food, great staff.  Highly recommend.
4	House of Yang has been a regular gathering place for my friends whenever we want 'cheap Chinese'.  The food is consistently good, cooked after I order and they are always exceptionally nice.  Super cheap and tons of food.  The volcano beef is my favorite, with spicy flavor and not just heat.  Delivery is free and they will do it for only 2 lunch entrees.
5	The lady who served me was so kind. Great customer service here. Got my food fairly quickly. I'm kind of sketchy about Chinese food as it's made me sick before. I ordered the orange chicken and it was bomb!! They use all white mean chicken and everything was so flavorful! I will definitely be eating here again!
4	We've been around this area for over a decade and finally visited.  How did we not know about this place?!?!Big fan of the shrimp and broccoli.  The kids love the teriyaki chicken.  I have to get an egg roll when I order... and we love the puff angels.This has become a weekly request at the house.
5	I've been enjoying their food since 2004 and it still until this day is my favorite Chinese food place. I'm not really big on Chinese food actually...I'm veeeery skeptical of any place new. With that being said House of Yang more than exceeds my expectations. First the staff is super friendly. Usually when I go in and pick up a dinner order the same guy is working the counter; I want to say he's the owner or maybe part owner? He's very friendly and engaging (ok he's kind of handsome to boot, I'm just saying) and doesn't mind when we substitute egg rolls for the soup in the dinner combos.  That's an extra plus right there. Now for the food...what can I say, nothing is bad that I've tried on this menu. The egg rolls are extra crispy, my go to is tangerine beef and man is it good. Volcano beef is also delicious, orange chicken, cashew chicken, sweet and sour pork....I can go on and on here peeps but you get the idea - it's delicious! They do deliver; unfortunately I'm just outside their delivery range or else I'd eat there way too much. Anytime I'm craving it or I'm close we'll head there to pick up food. You'll be glad you did too! You're welcome!!
5	Wow! Finally GOOD Chinese in AZ! Well...my first good place any how! I ordered the Thai Volcano Beef and it was delicious!!! Taste bud explosion! Small little restaurant with friendly staff, I will be coming back! And they deliver! Must try if you are in the area!
2	I moved here from NYC and have had a recent hankering for Chinese food so I just trial run with House of Yang.  The pork lo mein was the blandest I've ever had and I am still unsure that was actually pork I just ate.  I also tried the yui-shan shrimp and chicken which definitely had spice that I appreciate but it too did have much flavor beyond the heat.  They will not substitute brown rice for white rice for dinners--only for lunch.  Huh?  You can pay for a separate container of brown rice but they will not take away the white.  Double huh?They were nice enough but seemed more focused on their conversation and watching Judge Judy than preparing actually good tasting Chinese food.  I would rather have been watching Judge Judy too but enjoying flavorful food while doing so--which was not the case here.  Qwik Chinese was way better prepared.  I have yet to try more Chinese food places, but I'm crossing this one of the list.  Case dismissed.
4	Always fantastic customer service. The lady who takes tour order in person / via phone is always pleasant regardless of how busy they are. Large lunch portions for the right price. They tend to accommodate 95% our our requests for substitutions/ add ons- (no onions in fried rice is a no go, lol) Great for fast lunch delivery/ takeouts!
4	I judge all Chinese joints by their CFR. and today it was good. Very good!  They've been there for about 30 years now and I started going in there in 91. I'm getting older and their grub is getting better.
5	I have been eating at House of Yang for about 10 years.  The quality of their food has improved considerably over the years.  I ordered the pork fried rice yesterday and it was perfect - yummy barbecued pork, no gristle - just wonderful.  I can't eat white onion, and they are happy to make my Mongolian beef with only green onions.  Orange chicken, sweet and sour pork, pot stickers, cream cheese fried wonton - all delicious.   Prices are reasonable and they deliver.  Owners are very nice.  My favorite Chinese restaurant in the Valley.
