5	I just got home from Sweets N Beats and I already want to go back for more candy and vinyl. This place is a small shop specializing in music and old school candy. They are nestled between The Trunk Space and The Bikini Lounge.I found lots of great records ranging from Talking Heads, various ska bands and a Rudy Ray Moore album. Good selection of yummy candy like squirrel nut zippers (a chewy, nutty candy), lemon heads, cherry heads, bubble gum cigrars and cigarettes. They also have a selection of books, t-shirts and novelty items. Definitley check Sweets N Beats out. It's a great addition to the downtown area and it's owned by two wonderful people.Cash only here folks, so bring the green. Everything is pretty cheap, so you can walk out with a bag of candy under $3.
2	I was terribly disappointed.  This place has nothing on Smeeks.  We weren't even acknowledged as we walked in the store despite it being mostly empty in there.  That was rude.  The candy selection pretty much sucks and none of it was anything I hadn't seen before.  Prices were fine I suppose, but this place just left me underwhelmed.  I don't do vinyl, so I can't say anything about that, and there were some shirts there too, but again, I came in for candy so I left empty handed.  Sadly, this place just reinforces my belief that Grand Avenue is full of businesses that just don't care.
3	Sweets and beats is a great concept. What's not to like about candy and vinyl?Having heard about this great concept only recently I decided I must drop by so this last weekend we did. I'm not sure if we were greeted upon entry but we did talk to the guy behind the counter and he seemed friendly enough. The candy selection wasn't huge but that didn't stop my kid from finding some sort of candy to want. There was also some potato thing that piqued my interest but I didn't get, maybe next time.The vinyl selection was small as well but I found titles to my liking though I didn't go through everything there did seem to be a lack of genres. It seemed like the overall emphasis was on punk or ska as far as the vinyl goes which works for me but not everyone else.I think it's a great concept, there's some novelty stuff, some dvd's some records and some candy. I'd love to see more records and candy. If both sections were made a little bigger this place would easily trump stinkweeds and smeeks as far as I'm concerned and imagine being able to do that all in one shop instead of having to go out the door and walk over two shops.For now I give it a 3 but if they play their cards right they could take a 5 in no time.pros:candyrecordsrecords i likeseemingly friendly staffcons:small amount or records/lack of variety in recordscould use more candyi'm not too hip on that part of towncash only
1	What a great concept!  What poor execution!!  This place is rubbish.  It is literally like a yard sale inside a building.  There is no atmosphere, no color, no style, no substance.  The record selection is minimal and the candy selection is actually worse than Smeeks (which I didn't think was possible).  I have no idea how this place pays rent but it should be closed.  At least then homeless people would have a place to stay - providing more value than it does right now.
4	Yummmm ... I likes candy! I think they have a better selection than Smeeks ... lots of stuff from my childhood. Yum
5	Thank God for mustache combs.  My Boyfriends beard can be unruly at times, and sweets and beats had the remedy!   My Friend bought one for her fiance as  well(along with some pop rocks and gummy treats of course! How could we resist!) This shop has a great atmosphere, not to mention fun candy, records, books, records etc.  I wish I could peruse this establishment more often!
4	I don't think I've seen such a strange mix of items ever before. This place has a lot of weird and off the beaten track sort of things for sale and it's really one of those places that just make you perplex. It's only fitting that it's next to the Bikini bar. Anywhere else and would have felt completely out of place. The store has plenty of records to sort through, a couple of tables full of strange candy. Book shelf with a lot of odd books that, well are really beyond strange. I found one long time out of print book "How To Be Italian", Let me tell you, with a title like that and the dry wit and comedic satire found in that book, it had me cracking up and was the perfect gift. This is also where I found my plastic lobster. They had a table in the middle of the room with $1 plastic lobsters. Now you're probably wondering what function a plastic lobster would have in your every day grind.... The truth is that it has none. Zero, no use, nothing of value. It's really actually a waste of resources as I'm sure that plastic could have gone towards making a pace maker or some sort of container for orange juice. But you know what, it's a fucking plastic lobster for a dollar. I LOVE IT! Who can say that they went to Phoenix and came back with an Arizona Lobster? Ha! Not many at all. I'm sure I'll get a lot of confused faces when I do say that I have an Arizona Lobster.. but let's face it, this plastic lobster is from there. So yes, I have an Arizona Lobster. It'll be something I have around. The store owners were also really really nice to us. In admiring their autographed picture of Adam West (I dare say one of the BEST Batmen ever) they told us a cool story about when they met him. Now, I'm going to name drop here, but I have met Adam West before.. We're in Hollywood, after all.. That sort of thing happens often, especially when you hang out where I'm usually at daily (on a studio lot) But to hear this couple's story about how awesome it was for the to meet Adam West, it was really nice. I dug it. So big ups to them, big ups to this location. It's really a place to find just about that strange gift for that one friend who has everything or likes a good comical joke gift.
5	Sweets & Beats is amazing! Plenty of cool/weird/unusual stuff to look at, besides the records...I find something I want everytime I go. This is unlike any other store you'll find in AZ.The candy that foams in your mouth is awesome....I highly recommend.
5	I've never been so intrigued and cheered up by a store before. This place is so...miscellaneous, so I'll try to break it down.Candy: A wall of Haribo products that I didn't even know existed, a long with a boatload of other sweets that I haven't seen since childhood. Major nostalgia points.Toys: A variety of faux fireworks, like 'snakes', sparklers, or those things that pop when you slam them on the sidewalk. Nothing mind blowing except the selection and arrangement, which gives you strong impulses to purchase them all and go on a rampage of immaturity.Books: Made me LOL more than anything else. My buddy picked up Postsecret for only $12, and as I perused the books, one stood out. It was by some author by "Mr. Pottymouth" and had some crude drawing on the cover with contents that may or may not be appropriate for a Yelp review.Records: A decent selection of 70s and 80s music. I picked up a Rick James vinyl for $2. It said "special prize inside!" and when I poured out the contents there was a condom. Queue immediate laughter.One day, I'm going on a shopping spree to recreate a long summer day of my childhood. There will be lots of little knicknacks flying around and popping in every direction, while my parents listen to music from the days they were allegedly cool. Another Yelper described this place as a "yard sale"...I wish yard sales could be this awesome!
5	Great Job!
