4	Finally a pizza place that delivers to our home AND has good pizza, wings, & (drum roll please) RANCH....yippee.  We ordered Rosati's service over the phone was the best, the woman on the phone was so helpful and even asked me how many we are feeding to make sure we didn't over order.  We found out about this place from a mailer that came with some coupons but she said we could opt for the free delivery which was a bigger savings.  But lets get to the pizza....thin crust, square pizza with FRESH inexpedience, wow was this great.  The chicken wings were great also and of course the ranch hit the spot.  The delivery guy was great and more importantly, on time!  Yep I am a fan.
2	I love Rosati's, and I've ordered from this store dozens of times. The staff is friendly and the pizza is awesome. We usually get either the thin crust or the Chicago style. So why only 2 stars? A couple of weeks ago we ordered a thin with cheese and a Chicago with pepperoni. I go pick it up, take it home only to find that the Chicago pizza's crust was severly undercooked. It was very obvious just by looking at it. Of course we tried to eat some but it was really bad. I call the store back and tell them, they offer to make another one. Come pick it up in 20 minutes. I drive back to the store and the manager (I think) is sitting out front and asks me why I'm back so soon. I tell her the pizza was not cooked. She makes some comment "oh really?!?" or something but never gets up from her chair. The kid working the counter brings out my new pizza and we open both the new and the old boxes to compare. It was very obvious that the original pizza was undercooked when comparing the 2. So my take on it is that they KNEW the pizza was bad and figured they could serve it to me and I wouldn't notice or complain OR the person cooking the pizzas is blind and/or doesn't care whether the pizza is good or not. Either way, this is uncacceptable! And to make matters worse. All I got was a half-hearted lame apology from the counter kid. Not that I was expecting them to give me the pizza for free but come on! No coupon, no offer of any compensation whatsoever. Lame! Especially when spending almost $30 for 2 pizzas. But whatever, I might go back because I really do like the pizza but I think they need to step up thier game in the service department.
1	It's Sunday night no one felt light cooking or leaving the house. Sooooowe decided to order PIZZA! Being rather new to here I have never tried a Pizza from the area. I had a few reccomendations but none of them delivered.Rosatis did so I ordered a large double crust (as for me it's all in the crust), vegetarian with added veggies. The total was $32.00 , $35.00 with a tip. I thought it pretty high but so were my expectations.It looked really good until I took my first bite. YUK! on the crust, it was like eating dried bread sticks. Perhaps overcooked or too much flower. The toppings were under cooked and watery with very little cheese.No one ate the actual end crust, not even my dog, who loves pizza.They got me once but not again!I could have bought 3 large Costco pizzas for that price and been in heaven.Live and learn.
1	Closed :(Too bad too. The pizza was awesome but the customer service was horrible.
