4	Located where the old Shish Kebab House used to be...you would have no idea this was the SAME place.  Seems to pretty much be a one man operation everytime I've been here and the main man certainly works his ass off to get all the orders done.  Nothing bad on the menu here....I'm good with ordering any of the meats on the list with the brisket and spareribs being my favs so far.  Its also great that I can get a great bbq fix so close to home.  I definitely don't come here as much as I should since Shish Kebab House just moved to a bigger space in the same plaza and that's usually my defacto order out restaurant but I'm definitely a big fan of this place.
4	Soo very yummy!    A family run BBQ that makes everything from scratch!    I could smell the smoker from when I got out of my car.   It's very small, only a few tables. The fried okra was the best I've ever had! The meat fell over the ribs!    I will be back soon!
4	Support local food joints! When a town where corporate BBQ joints take over, rarely do you find a hole in the wall place you can enjoy some BBQ. The owner is a great guy and this place has been open for almost 2 years. The interesting part is that he was born outside the states then moved to Texas when he was older. There he learned how to make Texas BBQWord of advice: Most people order to go and rarely do you see anyone dining in.The brisket was tender and had that smoky flavor. I asked for the bbq sauce on the side so I could get the full taste of the meat inside of it being drenched in sauce. Their sauce is a tangy honey bbq that they make from scratch. Actually everything was made from scratch! The baked beans had an acquired taste to them but my roommate loved them! The potato salad was better than expected and was actually pretty good. The fries were your usual fries, nothing too exciting about it. My roommate enjoyed this place so much, that he keeps going back. He says the ribs are quite tender. I guess I'll have to try it again but definitely on my list for a return visit.
