5	Way off the strip.   This place is darkly lit but it's not a dive bar.   They serve some of the best pub grub you will find in Vegas.  The portions are large and you never leave wanting more.   The beer is brewed on the premises.   It's the best Stout I have ever had. Plus they occasionally brew seasonal brews.   Well worth the chance.   The prices are very reasonable.   The only down side is that it takes at least 20 minutes to get there from the strip.   But it's time well worth it.   Every trip to Sin City means at least one trip to The Draft House.
3	Not as good as the other Big Dog's location, but they still have excellent beer of course.  Yummy, yummy IPA and many others.  The reason I don't like this location as much is it seems to always be much more crowded and filled with smoke.  Also the room is more cavernous & less appealing.  They have a separate dining area which is good if you want to get away from the smoke.  Menu items differ somewhat from the other location- you can't get fish tacos here, but you can get some other fat- and cholesterol-laden goodies such as Spicy Mac N' Cheese (with jalapenos).  Make sure to stop by for hoppy hour (3-6 PM) when beers are only $2.
2	Used to be a favorite place to eat for my wife and I until we found a metal screw in my wifes Huevos Rancheros. Dissapointing. I had eaten there for over 20 years. Still a great place to have a beer but I'll never eat there again.
4	Been several times over the years. When in town visiting family. It opened in 1988. More frequent since I live here now. Service is always friendly. Food is everything I'd expect from a casual, low-mid price point restaurant.Very much a neighborhood feel. Nice in that if you're into watching a game it is probably on. Several screens in the bar. Which is pretty nice sized. Decent open area on the back side of the bar as you walk in. Otherwise have a fine beer brewed on the premises, sit along the bar. There is also a half booth bench seat along the front wall to your right as you enter. Food can be had at all seating. And of course the separate dining room. Seats 100 at least. Never have felt crowded and this includes a Mothers Day or two.One thing, if you do come for a game, especially NFL football. Better be a Packer's Fan. Cheeseheads Unite here.If you know what the "Coolie Region" is, you just might get cut some slack. Maybe.I like this place.Burger for lunch today was Big & Juicy.The 'Brats are the Real Deal, so check out breakfast too.The Brewery:  http://www.bigdogsbrews.com/a couple of fliers:Summer BBQ:  http://www.bdhginc.com/summer-of-bbq.bv"Hoppy" Hour:  http://www.bdhginc.com/hoppy3.bv
4	Filet Sliders were Excellent!!! $9.95 + onions & mushrooms (Angus for $7.95)3 mini burgers. Cooked to perfection, and held that through my entire meal. (They didn't cool off and get tough, or rubbery). I recommend the Balsamic Onions & Garlic Mushrooms to top them off. (won't need any garnish beyond that)Big 10" Pizza. A Salad which looked, well she finished it.......The Home Brewed beers!!!! Red Hydrant hit the spot tonight.Garlic "Knots" bread knots, warm, tender, nice. Quality Bread!!And we weren't the only ones! Restaurant & Bar was hopping. Tunes at a level to feel it. Once again, Excellent visit to the Draft House!PSA: Football season is coming. Be Warned!!!!!
5	Update  02-Oct-08   We were in Las Vegas two weeks ago and made our trip out to Big Dog's like we do on every visit.   This trip was extra special.   As it happened, they were having a tasting party.   Wow, what a nice job they did on putting together a roll out for their double red ale.   The brew master (I believe his name was Dave and I am horrible with names... sorry) even took us on a tour of the brewing area.  Wow.  What a treat.   The general manger, Mike, also remembered me and my wife from our previous visits.   This is truly remarkable.   These folks go out of their way to make everyone feel welcome and comfortable.    And, of course, the food and beer were top notch.   I recommend you check out the website and see when the next tasting party is.   Go, eat, drink and be merry.   You'll be glad you did.   We were.
4	The food was great, and so was the service.  The entrance at was a bit odd though.  There is a bar entrance at one side, and exit only door in the middle where the hostess desk is, and the restraunt entrance at the end.  My husband had been craving a teriyaki burger forever, and since they have a build-your-own burger menu he was quite happy.  I would go back for sure the service was great and our glasses were always filled.
4	Blessedly way off the Strip when you're in the mood for such things (um, frequently?), the biggest surprise is how uniformly excellent the beers are coming from a place whose name makes you think of frat boys brewing beer in water cooler bottles. A tasty IPA, a delicious roasty coffee hinting stout, a pale ale of near perfection, and no doubt everything they do is handled equally well. Runs a bit dark, and has a pleasant, friendly atmosphere that's a refreshing change from the general bleakness of the Chicago Brewing Company. Definitely worth a visit if you're up for hanging out and drinking good beer. And probably quite a few more visits after that. Cheers.
4	Looking for a great place to have a beer and watch a game off strip?This place hits all points, I went last year during football season looking for a brewery to watch the game. I tried a good amount of the beers, all of them are great however I would like to see them kick it up a knotch and branch out more hops more malt.Food specials during the game all over the place, service was great.
4	I'm not a beer drinker...but this place rocks! Just the decor alone is worth a visit...you feel as if you are in the country, at a local hangout where all the town meets up to have a drink and eat delicious food. The food is fantastic and the rootbeer is absolutely the best I've ever had...the way rootbeer should taste! They have a large seating area in the back, as well as a sports bar in the front. Plus, live acoustic rock on the weekends, which I have yet to try out.
5	Update 27-Dec-09After not coming to Las Vegas in 5 months, we finally made it back.  One of the first stops was at the Draft House.   What a way to come back in to town.   The old standard Black Lab Stout is still awesome, and some of their special brews (500th special brew) were just fantastic.   The food is exactly as I remember... delicious!   Great show guys!   If you can't find them, here is their GPS location:N36 degrees 14.5658 minutesW115 degrees 14.1797 minutes
4	Went this afternoon after work to watch what was supposed to be a game played mostly by Packers "scrubs" against az cardinals.  My second time here.  To my surprise, it was not only packed but standing room only.  Ordered the mountainous roadhouse nachos, tri-colored chips, with lotsa guac, sour cream, onions, peppers, blk olives and mild at best, salsa (meat extra).  Enough to take home seconds.  For the entree, the trio of fried perch sliders were awesome!  served with real french fries and delicious root beer that tastes homemade.  Great food and a great game (it's about time) by GB winning 33-7.  The place is filled with packer memorabilia and staunch fans galore.  Would give it 5 stars except for limited seating on a very busy day and a snafu by the kitchen regarding our nachos, but that happens anywhere  Otherwise, very friendly bar and alot of fun!  They serve real wisconsin walleye after 5 for dinner with baked spud and salad. Plan to go back to try that!
2	Burger was good, fries were cold. It took thirty minutes to get a glass of wine to the table and we waited 40 minutes to get our food.
5	Update - 27-Feb-10 We were in town for the NASCAR races here in Las Vegas last weekend and we had to make a stop at the Draft House for our beer fix. Well, it turns out their world class brew master, Dave, has started to experiment with dry hopping and cask aging. WOW! The Red Hydrant Ale which Dave hopped and casked was awesome. Another great job. Thanks.
2	I have been going to the Draft House for many years and have always enjoyed the food and the experience, but lately the food hasn't been that good and the new staff in the dining room has alot to be desired.  They were unattentive, gave us the wrong check, had to beg for a drink refill, and were pre-occupied with something else going on...not a good experience...very disappointed
3	I was a little disappointed with Big Dog. Had their beer sampler and they all seemed rather cautious to me, not bad, but nothing raised an eyebrow.
4	After searching all around North Las Vegas for some food after a long night of drinking and listen to some local bands, we found the North town's Big Dog location. This was my first to the Draft House but I know it won't be the last.-Food selection was great, and was very surprised by the quality and great selection of non fried foods. It was 3am and usually fried diner food is all one can find so this was a HUGE plus. -Got the breakfast sandwich with sausage, one friend got the same with the bacon, and the other got some kind of big salad. Everything was great and they had to-go boxes on hand to take home our drunken left overs. We are already planning on going back, and if not to this location to the other one.Oh also our bartender was so cool and quick to get us everything we needed. Thanks for saving out night.
4	Ate here for dinner while visiting my best friend in LV and the food was wonderful! The bartender even made my boyfriend a drink that she had never heard of.  I am sure this will be another favorite on my list of places to eat while in LV.
4	What do I get for dating an ex-Badger? I get to explore all of the "wisconsin bars" in Las Vegas, and I must say this one is on the top of my list. The beers are awesome, food is good, and the service very friendly. It really feels like you're in an old bar in Madison.... except that you can gamble. I tried the Black Lab Stout and I'm not usually a fan of guiness or other comparably dark ales, but this one was amazing. I told the bartender to give me her favorite, and this was the one. It had such an intense flavor, like coffee and chocolate. It's very rich, so I don't think I could handle more than 1 or 2 of them, but it was a great choice.I wasn't hungry at the time, but I will definitely have to return when I am, because the food looked and smelled great.
5	If you are into beer, and I don't mean the fizzy yellow stuff, then you have to visit the Draft House!  Big dogs brews some of the best beer I've ever had.  It easily compares to Stone, Pizzaport, and is better than Dogfish Head.  Two particular beers that they brew, Alpha Dog (a double red ale, 8% abv), and War Dog (IPA, 8% abv) are just incredible beers!  Try the bullocks IPA, or the Dirty Dog IPA if those are not available.  The food is standard bar food, but with a higher quality than most bars in Las Vegas.  The Cheese Kurds are so awesome, and all of the sandwiches are really good too.  The fries are great, and the service is always top notch.  I am a big fan of Draft House, and a big fan of their beer.  Check out Beer School, and their other events with live music and special guest brews like Pizzaport and Stone.
4	Lazy day, didn't want to cook kind of Friday so we hopped on for some comfort bar foods and tasty libations. Interesting place- spacious and filled with quirky decor from beer barrels to joke signs. It was very much a neighborhood bar and not polished up in any way. It had character that I liked.This beer nerd couple were happy with the selections and the brews we had. Shared a Dirty Dog IPA- very nicely hoppy, mean but not too mean that it can't be more than a single session beer. Got a 2nd more mellow beer, the Tailwagger Wheat, a hefeweisen beer. It wasn't as wheaty/banana as some other hefes which was nice of a change...it was a good palette cleanse from my food.Other than their brews, they have a few good bottled beers (Rochefort, Anchor, etc) and a few guest taps (Ballast Point, Dogfish Head, etc)  that I was impressed with. It's only a handful of guest taps and bottles, but it's a nice selection. Seems they are heavy on the IPA here with their beer types and their guest taps so if you're a fan of it- this place is stop worthy. We ordered off a "Late Night Menu" so don't know if there are more offerings through the daytime. Ended up with a Pulled Pork Hoagie which had onion strings in it and served with pepperocinis, and potato salad, cole slaw or fries. I got potato salad because no one ever has that as a side choice. It was pretty good, a little heavy on the sauce on the pork, but it was decent. the salad was mayo based and used redskin potatoes- definitely not bad. BF had chicken tenders in the hot honey sauce which comes with celery and carrots but BF added a potato salad as well. The sauce on them were good, it was sweet and a little spice....kinda reminds me of Asian sweet chili sauce. Only big complaint was that with a lot of people trying to eat and talk the music was a bit too loud that even the server commented on it. It was playing all of the "hip hop hits" and man, I can only hear autotune so much before it becomes annoying and depressing what  is considered "good" music now. It was at a lounging level. It's a fucking bar and half the people were eating and leaning in to talk. Lower it a little bit...only the drunk bitches near the bar were "feeling it" so not enough to warrant to bumping volume level. Overall it was a solid place to have beers and had decent bar food so will come back.
5	The BF was getting hungry and said he has a hankering for chicken fingers...and specifically wanted Big Dogs.He got the Hot Honey fingers with sweet potato fries. Those are some of the better bar fingers I've had in Vegas.  I had a Red Klement's brat with choice of pepper jack cheese and added on balsamic onions. Simple, good and the add on the the balsamic onions makes it pop. I chose as a side their "German style" potato salad again. Red skin potatoes, green onions and bacon is always a winner. Washed it down with a current guest tap- Ballast Point Big Eye IPA. The term "bitter beer face" is something very different for me, it is a big beer smile as I love me some IPAs.The service is very attentive and this was great considering the bartender was taking care of everyone. He was friendly, joked around with us and checked on us often. For the good bar food, great service and quality brews this has moved up to a 5 star place, a neighborhood bar that we will enjoy being regulars at.
5	Fabulous brewery and food establishment, they craft some excellent beers and feature a number of guest taps as well.With live music, gaming, and being a Packer's bar, they feature something for everyone.You must try the beer cheese soup and the cheese curds, their Hop Dog IPA goes great with everything.
5	I tried the Red Hydrant Ale today which won them World Cup awards 2006 and 2010. This was smooth and refreshing. I love.Expect me to host a late night UYE soon.....
5	We had to drive pretty far to find this place which was recommended to me by my Biology Professor..who is a huge fan of beer so I was in. I ordered the HolyCow Pale Ale. which was very good for such a darker beer than I'm used to (5.3% alc) My bf ordered a stout by accident and drank it anyway.. guy thing I think. Followed by a North Coast which he said was good but prob. wouldnt order again, gave him a headache.. The waitress was great though and came by and gave me a huge beer of Belgium white beer.. OMG that was the best beer I've ever had. served with an orange - so delish.. and free b/c she said it was poured on accident and she hated to pour it out. Shame I was so full from the most delicious Cobb Salad I've ever had and right now I've been in a cobb salad frenzy ordering it everwhere I go b/c its so chuck full of healthy fats and protein. It had the huggest chunks of blue cheese in the dressing - and salad and bacon, egg, avocado, tomatoes, grilled chicken, cheese, black olives.. My bf ordered a cheeseburger.. so freaking good he cut me a lil taste.. and the french fries were not shoe string and not steak fries but just in the middle, just right and seasoned to perfection, they were the "didnt even need ketchup kind" so good. The couple nxt to us had a philly and a wrap, neither of which appealed to either one of us so we were so happy with our decisions.. The salad was better than I picutred it..and I ordere the small and I was stuffed.. I cant imagine what the large looked like. Geez. I'd go bk here in a heartbeat even if I have to drive all the way from Henderson. Note: Mondays is 2 for 1 philly cheesestake sandwhiches, not my thing but it might be yours.Tuesdays is 2 for 1 Cheeseburgers YUM!!!!Wed. is 2 for 1 AYCE fried shrimp.and i cant remember the rest to be honest but those stuck out to me. Too bad I"m trying to diet...hanging out with all this good food and beer CANNOT be conducive to my diet but all the same if you're looking for both good food and a chilled out atmosphere.. this place is for you. OH and MOST important.. we were there to watch a game and they had volume.. SO many places in town will show the game and then blare music instead... WTH? whats the point? This place has it all.
1	another restaurant i can cross off my list. for more than a decade, the food has been great. tonight we sat at a table and our guest started rummaging through her purse and the jackass manager runs over and says "did you put something in your purse?". really? like we are going steal a salt shaker? wtf? we walked and will never eat there again.
5	I am so, so, so sad that I did not try this place sooner. Looks are totally deceiving and i totally admit to thinking I was too cool to drink beer in a corny place designed to look like a barn. This place is in my backyard,..I can see it from my bathroom window and up until a few month sago avoided it like the plague.A  few months ago a co-worked coaxed me into meeting her for a few beers here, so I gave in and drove across the street. The first thing I noticed upon entry (since I'm from Chicago) was the sickingly amount of Wisconsin/packers/ badgers signs and memorabilia. Oh great, I thought...not only am I drinking in a barn, but a cheesehead barn...lol (chicago folk loathe all wisconsin teams). Anyhoo... on to the food and drink,  I ordered cheese curds, a tall  tailwagger wheat brew and a full order of nachos..OMG is the food good...and the beer tastes like a midwestern weiss (my fave!) then came the 20 lb plate of nachos, I thought that was a mistake or a joke, the full plate of nachos could seriously feed 6 people. Then the bill came..surprise, SUPER CHEAP.So now I absolutely love this place and eat & drink here at least once a week. My newest addiction here is the potroast sandwich. I LOVE this place...if you haven't tried Draft House , you don't know what your missing.
4	Had Cobb salad it was huge, lots of chix, bacon, blue cheese avocado and boiled eggs we had the smokey avocado ranch dressing. Also had the broiled walleye not to impressed  , had a few bones a little dry , most of the menu is great, big portions. I've been here maybe a dozen times and the walleye was the only disapointment. Ck it out u won't b sorry
5	Always a treat! Good eats, good beverages, great fun. You can even watch your favorite team on big screens.
5	This is my "neighborhood bar"- the one I frequent when all else fails. Came mostly to try the seasonal War Dog IPA (hoppy meaness yet smooth= luvs!)I got one of their creations which you can make into a chicken sandwich, portobello mushroom sandwich, or burger (beef or boca). Grabbed The Roma Pesto (Delicious combination of homemade pesto, oven roasted tomatoes, applewood smoked bacon, and melted Mozzarella and Fontina cheese) with chicken and it was seriously good. Chicken was so juicy and definitely the best bar chicken sandwich I've had. Food has been bomb here and I'm not a American bar food kind of person either.Only miss was the pub cheese platter and that was one that was just "alright"...the cheese wasn't quite melted all the way. Everything else though has been fantastic.Next party I definitely want a grab a growler. Just for those not in the know- you buy this moonshine like jug and they'll fill it up with beer to take home! You can bring the jug back to refill it.
4	Heard from @Dan P that they just tapped a batch of War Dog last Thursday....so I made sure I stopped by for lunch as soon as I came back to Vegas on Sunday.  Brought Mom's with me for our traditional Sunday lunch....we were staving and couldn't wait to get seated.  The Draft House is a Green Bay Packers Bar.....so it was packed with Packer Fans on the bar side....not one available seat or table.  It was 3 pm and the Packers vs Vikings game wasn't for another 2 hrs, but it was packed to the hilt!  We got seated in the dining room area, our server wes named Apple, seriously.After browsing the menu for a few minutes, we asked Apple if there were any specials....she proceeded to tell us about a bunch of Appetizer Specials ($2 off) and $2 off for the War Dog during the NFL Games, so we took her up on it.  We ordered:- 1/2 Order of Nachos $7.50- Bratwurst $3.50- Jalapeno Stuffed Pretzels $5- NFL Hot Wings (10 Wings) w/Chipotle Sauce....their hottest Wing Sauce $6To wash it down, we both ordered Water and I of course ordered a 24 oz War Dog!  ($7.50, $5.50 with the special) The War Dog was freakin' awesome.....not as Hoppy as I expected based on @Dan P's report, but it was very good.After a short wait, we got our food....Nachos first.  Mom and I attacked those Nachos.  They were pretty good....topped with Sour Cream, Cheese, Guacamole, Olives, Jalapenos, Salsa, and Onions.Next up was the NFL Wings.....I jumped on those next....damn, they were awesome!  Very Meaty Wings.....the Chipotle Sauce was just right....had that Smoky flavor and was just Spicy enough for me and Mom.  The Ranch given to us for dipping went well with the Wings.They brought out my Bratwurst next.....I added some Mustard and Relish and went to town on it.  It came with grilled Onions topped on the Bratwurst.  It was pretty good....although the Bun wasn't all that.  I would have preferred a Roll or Italian Bread instead of a Hot Dog Bun.The last item to come out was the Jalapeno Stuffed Pretzels.....they were piping hot and moist and doughy.....delish!  They came with a side of Nacho Cheese for dipping.It was at this point that Mom and I figured out that we ordered too much food.  I wasn't going to let this place defeat me though, so I pressed on.  Mom said she'd finish the Nachos and I would handle whatever was left of the Wings & Pretzels.We took our time watching the Seahawks vs Cardinals game and finished our food and Beer.When Apple delivered our check she said she made a mistake and gave us the food specials for Monday Night Football, not Sunday....but that the restaurant was going to honor the specials anyway because of the mistake....is that great service or what?Overall, great food & great service.Will I return?  You bet!
4	I used to frequent the east side Big Dog's but as I know live on the west side that just is not possible anymore. Anyways I am a huge fan of local eating. This is one of the few local breweries in the city. To make it even better they brew their own Root Beer. So for you non-alcoholic drinking people out there I will tell you that it is truly a treat!The food is a little above bar food. I might go a far to say it is almost gastro pub level food, but really they focus on burgers and brats. So it really isn't gastro pub level.There are usually great specials either during football games and sometimes just during the week. Not that the prices are terrible normally but getti more food for y our dollar is certainly not a bad thing!
5	Update 28-Oct-10  Wow... did we get lucky.   We happened to show up right before the Oktoberfest ran out and when the Pumpkin Ale started.   Both were really, really good.  We also tried the War Dog IPA.  Usually, I am not a big fan of IPAs.  But the War Dog was good. As usual, the food and service were great.   I really love coming out there.
4	Stopped in here because it looked good from the street and we were hungry for some dinner. It's a big, loud, boisterous place, but certainly inviting.The menu is fairly basic meat and potatoes combinations, though there are interesting twists. The beer selection seemed slightly narrow, but the red ale (Hydrant, I believe) was actually exceptionally tasty.I got the brat platter with sweet potato fries and garlic mashed potatoes. The brats were okay. One of them tasted like a basic hot dog, which sucked. The sweet potato fries were very good, but I really could have done without the powdered sugar. The garlic mashers were also quite good. The portions were fairly large and I wasn't able to finish everything.Overall, this seemed like a really cool place and the beer was quite respectable. It seems like one of the better restaurants in the North Las Vegas area. Definitely worth a look!
5	We are here at least once a week. Today they made a mistake with my order. I wanted a portobello mushroom "burger" with cajun spice, blue cheese, red pepper. I got a boca burger. They were really cool about asking if I want a refire, but I was hungry and I don't mind Boca burgers, just I find most kitchens just kinda treat it like it needs to be heated and not "cooked"/seasoned like any other burger. The usual bartender even walked over and told me to take a bite and if it isn't what I want to get something else because "my happiness is important". He's always really cool and I do believe here that they sincerely mean it. Their mistake ended up being a good thing. The boca had cajun spice on it and was charred to crispy outside which was actually pretty nice. I ate all of it. Thought to talk about it so that in case there's some vegetarians out there- their portobello and boca burger options are good. I haven't talked about the sweet potato waffle fries yet....these are amazing- very light and crispy. They come with a beer mustard sauce that is lovely. Upgrade your regular side for the sweet potato, or get this as an app since it's great nosh with beer.Just a FYI theres a Winterfest 1-29-2011...sounds like a UYE. "25+ Beers.  Cajun Gumbo & Oyster Shooters.  3 Bands.  Raffles & More. 2-8 pm and After Party: 9 pm - ??"
5	One word for you people. Just one word...BRATSEL. This belly busten bad ass beast of a burger will wreck your world.  Forget everything you thought you knew about burgers because this thing is reinventing the wheel.  1/3 lb burger patty, smoked bratwurst, applewood smoked bacon, cheddar & swiss cheeses, fried onions, lettuce, tomato and topped with, the holy grail of all buns, the pretzel bun.  The burger comes paired with a pickle slice and fries. Our waitress came by to offer me a box and to her horror discovered nothing but crumbs.  She fumbled over her words quivering at the lips....how...how did...did you eat the entire. I took it upon myself to quickly cut her off and reply with," yeah bitch, I'm an Fing bad ass". OK maybe that didn't happen but I did clean my plate and had wet dreams about it for nights to come. Wash it all down with one of their award winning micro brews and you'll find yourself on cloud nine.I love this place and you should to.  Great atmosphere, punctual and friendly wait staff, good down home cooking, and one hell of a happy hour.  Go to Big Dogs, catch a game and pound some beers.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I love Big Dog's. Great place to hang out with friends & enjoy some local craft beers. Great place to hit at 2am when you have the breakfast munchies. Great place for lunch with the wife. It covers all the bases.Beers are delicious, my fav is the Red Hydrant(?): kinda like a Newcastle with hints of toffee, YUM!Cheese Curds are deliciously greasy, garlic fries give you that wonderful hot-breath, and the Bratzel sandwich is amazing: Bratwurst on a Pretzel Bun, how can you go wrong?!?They also have lots of TV's, big-screen Golden Tee, and a nice internet jukebox.
5	I've only been to Big Dog's twice. It's just so damn far and there's no good route for me to get there. Otherwise, I'd make my way out there more often.The first time I went was for their War Dog tapping party. I actually had another anti-teetotalism gathering at the Freakin' Frog that night. But I had always wanted to try Big Dog's, so I did the mini-road trip from work (near McCarran) all the way up to the great northwest. I was hoping to get there in time for a free appetizer, but that didn't work out. I ended up just getting my free pint of War Dog and leaving. Let me just say that the War Dog IPA is delicious.By the way, I then turned around and made another mini-road trip back down south to the Freakin' Frog to meet up with my friends. Ken M says I deserve a beer badge for making that beer venue combo in one night.My second visit to Big Dog's was for their Winterfest. Great event. I went with the 30-token + tasting glass starter pack for $30. I really didn't drink that much beer. My 30 tokens got me the following:* Half pour of Big Dog's Raspberry Brewbie SupPorter. Yeah this was more like a full pour. Very tasty and part of the proceeds went toward the Keep a Breast Foundation.* Quarter pour of New Belgium's La Folie Sour Brown Ale. Despite it's supposed "limited quantity," they gave me more like a half pour. Not complaining! This was extremely sour, kind of like Sour Warheads. It was worth trying, but not sure if I'd ever order it at a bar.* Half pour of Big Dog's Doghouse Dunkelweizen. Didn't like this all that much.* Half pour of Deschutes' Hop in the Dark Cascadian Pale Ale. Absolutely delicious! Probably my favorite beer of the afternoon.* 2 bowls of Chicken and Shrimp Gumbo. Obviously delicious, since I went back for seconds.* 1 bowl of Chile Verde. Good flavor and spice.* 2 Oyster Shooters. Made with Black Lab Stout. Surprisingly delicious.So I have yet to go to Big Dog's for a non-event. I definitely will return one day though. I still need to try their Wisconsin Fried Cheese Curds (and compare them to Aces & Ales).Oh and I love that it's a Packers bar. I'm not a huge Packers fan, but it would be fun to catch a game there maybe next season.
4	This is the common cure  for your average las vegas Bar. (Yes is stole that from Mad Men).  Let's start with the fact that they have a micro brewery there!!!  It is kinda of the closest thing we have a for a real locals tradition sorta thing.  What I love about this place is the Breakfast!  They have a different menu with some one of a kind items - atleast stuff you wont see on every other menu in Vegas.I had the "Bucky Breakfast!"  Bratwurst, eggs, homefries, toast... and a spicy bloody mary.  The sausage was very tasty - what a way to start off the day.  I ordered "basted" eggs.  Most of the time restaurants don't baste them right, but I always order basted anyway.  This place basted my eggs as good as my mom does!!!!!  I would give it 5 stars but too much Packer memoribilia!!!  JK.
5	Meg in the bar rules she is why we would return burger and beers were amazing
4	Long way from the Strip but worth the trip for a good beer. Wanted to try the Alpha Dog double red (rated A on Beer Advocate). I would say overall very satisfying. We mostly had sandwiches and salads, all were as advertised and tasty. Portions were good and prices not bad for Vegas. If you are in the area you won't be disappointed! Hope to try some pizza next time. Also good if you are after a Wisconsin-style Bratwurst (son-in-law had burger w/ a Brat on a pretzel bun!)
1	Beyond horrible, I thought I ordered a bratwurst in a pretzel bun and I got a hamburger (tasted like a frozen patty from Costco), a sausage that tasted more like a bad hot link, and the bun did not taste like pretzel. It came with garlic fries which also were not good. How do you mess up garlic fries? I maybe should have tried the cheese curds instead? But at this point, I think it would be a waste of time.
3	I have eaten here probably three time total. What I do like about this place is the quality. The hamburger patties actually taste like ground beef. The service is pretty good. A burger and some fries about $10-12 bucks. I can easily power down a meal here and not be completely full. Not a bad place I just think they are a little chintzy on the portions.  How about some more fries of something?
3	I have to take off a star and hope I don't have to take anymore. Part of the reason why it was comfortable to be here is the night time staff was friendly and attentive. We sat in our usual table and even though the bartender was stuck behind a bar he still walked over and asked periodically if we're still doing alright. The BF and I went in and there was a bunch of new staff. We walked up to the bar to order to go last week since we didn't feel like hanging out and having beers. The bartender and the bar back ignored us a good 5-10 or so minutes even though they were not busy. They were even having a conversation directly in front of us and ignoring that I'm looking right at them. I was just sitting there like WTF? and debating on leaving if another 5 more minutes elapse. There was a girl who seemed to have come up to the computer to check something (she was on her break) and she stopped midway walking away and asked if we needed something since I probably looked cranky sitting there. She put in our ticket and put the check in front of us. I put my card and the whole time the bartender never acknowledged us, never came by to take my card. He's even joking around and dancing to the music, but no time to payout my bill. Even when our food was ready, he just handed us the bag. My bill still wasn't paid because he didn't want to take it the 20 minutes I was there waiting for my order. Good thing I'm a honest person so I waved my card to be taken instead of cheesing it. Then he went to the computer and rang up 2 other people first, gave them all their papers before getting to me who was the only to-go order needing to get home before my food gets cold. Ugh, I surely hope this guy isn't the new regular night bartender because he doesn't know how to time manage nor the A,B,Cs of service. If the next time I come in and it's the same guy and none of the waitresses are working, I'm walking back out. Serious- I won't scratch my eyes out to get service at a place I raved about as a friendly, attentive neighborhood bar.
4	My family and I love going to Big Dog's!  Their beer is wonderful and refreshing, just typing about it is making me want one.  I personally love their 38 Special, but the last time we were there I tried their summer raspberry brew, which was also delicious.  My favorite sandwich has roast beef, horseradish, muenster cheese...might be the pot roast sandwich?  Fries are yummy and their potato cakes are good.  The service is always great.  The value is good, usually plenty left if you want to take some home.  The location on Sahara isn't kid-friendly, and this location on Rancho is much bigger, no smoking in the main dining area, and has a kids menu.
3	Good place for a beer and a burger.
4	Great spot off the beaten path in vegas. Seems like a locals hang out so the atmosphere is friendly and the food good and inexpensive. Ill be back for sure.
4	Of all the restaurants in Las Vegas at which I have dined, I have frequented Big Dog's Draft House the most--in the double digits. This began with a food love affair of fried Wisconsin walleye at the now long-boarded-up Holy Cow! just across from the now shuttered and defunct Sahara Hotel & Casino. When that fine eatery closed, I began frequenting one of its sisters: Big Dog's Draft House on Rancho Drive.  It is known for very tasty comfort food at all hours, large portions, and excellent brews. I cannot vouch for the brews, because after a bout with gout a few years ago, I stopped drinking alcoholic beverages altogether--even wine.  I guess that is the price one must sometimes pay for several decades of fine dining while savoring rich foods high in purine content like Escargot, Sweetbreads, and shellfish. So, you will never hear me extol the virtues of various cocktails or vintages in any of my reviews. I can, however, vouch for the root beer at Draft House, which is home brewed and excellent but heavy enough on the gut that I have not yet finished a large glassful.  So, I usually opt for Sprite or Coca-Cola instead. Free refills are cheerfully provided, and on this latest outing I polished off three large glassfuls of Coke. My purpose in going to Draft House on this particular evening was to try out items on its new dinner menu.  But imagine my surprise when pan-fried Potstickers were no longer on the menu!  I had ordered them every time I had been here, because they were large and excellent, and served with a really kickin' Asian dipping sauce.  When I asked my server if Potstickers were nevertheless still available, she took on a sad look and said, "Unfortunately not, and neither is the large quesadilla, which was really great, too," as if she had fielded this question at least 20 times before already.  I think this is a foolish mistake by restaurant management, because I am sure that the Potstickers were a best seller, and now I and others have less incentive to come here.  My wife even wanted me to dock the restaurant a star on account of the elimination of this great appetizer, but I refused to do so.  It is well and good to tweak a menu now and then, but not throw out one of your best items to make room for another questionable offering like Southwestern Stuffed Pork Chops that are filled with roasted Poblano chiles, chorizo, and smoked Gouda cheese and drizzled with a spicy chorizo-tomato cream sauce.  So, as an appetizer we grudgingly ordered a Bavarian Soft Pretzel that was served with sweet beer mustard instead.  This new menu item was large enough for two to share, supple, and very good--as was the sweet mustard for dipping.  It was also very salty, with several salt crystals adhering to the dough of the pretzel.  But the crystals could easily be brushed off by hand to attain the level of saltiness desired. Next I tried the new Pulled Pork Sliders, which were very good, except all buns were completely dry and not enough barbecue sauce remained after cooking.  The pulled pork wasn't dry but it wasn't very saucy either.  My suspicion is that some of the sauce had leached into the cooked onion straws that topped the meat.  So, I asked for more barbecue sauce, and received it.  When asked, the server said that it was Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ Sauce.  Adding more cold sauce catapulted the sliders into the excellent-quality range, but they would likely have been even tastier if more sauce had been COOKED with the meat. The accompanying German potato salad was superb, as always. It was difficult to finish all three sliders, but that is probably a good thing. My wife enjoyed the Golden Fried Shrimp appetizer, which, although no longer on the menu either, the chef was able to provide.  I sampled one morsel of the eight plump fantail shrimp that arrived at the table, and it was juicy and succulent. The skin-on french fries that came with this dish were also very tasty: crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. We finished up with another new dish: Big Dog's Key Lime Pie, which was excellent: appropriately yellow in color, tart, and redolent of lime flavor with sumptuous and creamy whipped cream spread on the back of the top of the generous slice, and sporting a delicate and crunchy graham cracker crust on the bottom.  It was like a very good cheesecake but lighter, and reminded me of Miami Beach Key Lime Pie, which is a great compliment to Draft House's pastry chef.  Service was friendly, fast, and efficient.  Ambiance was that of a typical, fairly dark, and woody pub, for we ate in the high-tabled bar area.  The restaurant closes about 9:00 p.m.  But food is available in the tavern all night long.  All in all, if I could, I would have rated this meal 4-1/2 stars.  Only sliders that were light on sauce blocked an earned fifth star on this night out.  But I still had a very satisfying meal.Message to Draft House management: Please bring back the Potstickers!
1	Terrible service. was there over a half hour without anyone asking if we were ready to order.Wait staff,bartender and hostess were more interested in hanging out with each other then serving any guest.  My husband got diarhea shortly after eating there.
4	Big Dog's Draft House is one of our favorite places to stop for a family meal.  We like it because we can go there with our two kids.  The food is consistent, and the wait staff is usually attentive and upbeat without fawning or getting too personal.We went again yesterday, and the menus were all new.  It seems that the food is the same but some of the prices seem higher.  We probably won't be able to visit as often as a result.Yesterday my husband had the Tex-Mex burger, which he said was great, and one of my sons had the sliders with onion rings.  I had the pulled pork sliders and sweet potato fries.  As usual the food came fast, we never had to wait for anything like water.  There was plenty of food and we needed a take-home box.  The stout beer and root beer, both brewed on site, was really nice.  All of the food was terrific except the sweet potato fries. Last time we had sweet potato fries at the Big Dogs on Sahara, they tasted like sweet potatoes.  This time, at the Draft House, they tasted like nothing except the powdered sugar they sprinkle on top.  They were completely flavorless.  The mustard dip was great, but I was hoping to be able to taste sweet potatoes.  That's the only thing that prevented this from being a five star rating.  I'm sure we'll be back, because we like the place, but I don't think we'll order the sweet potato fries again unless  they make a change there.
3	The draft house is your typical bar, that looks like your parents farm house up state but It's allot bigger than some that I've been to and nicer looking. You can see the Brewery from a wide clear glass window and they have a good variety of beer to choose and a food menu to satisfy your late night cravings.
4	I've been visiting family for 2 months in Las Vegas and "The Big Dog Draft House" is somewhere me and my father go almost weekly. Why? Great bar atmosphere, good homemade beers, and surprisingly good food! My personal favorite order being the "Big Dog Chicken Sandwich" with a side of "Sweet Potato Fries" and a side of "Pale Ale Dipping Sauce" (I think that is the name, it's sort of like honey mustard) The sweet potato fries are addicting, literally. I have also tried the "BBQ Chicken Pizza" the "Filet Minion Sliders" and "Chicken Wings" all also surprisingly tasty for "bar food."If you are a local you can easily become a 'regular' here!(The only downside is the walls are covered in "Packers" memorabilia and myself beng a Patriots fan from Boston find it hard to stomach! ;-)
4	Strong beers and big burgers.  Love "The Bratzel"  a burger topped with a brat.  Be sure to try it with the pretzel bun!
5	Try the tail wagger wheat and a prime rib sandwich. Unbelievable how good this combination is. It's so good you'll hurt yourself!!!
4	I have been coming to the draft house since I was a little kid lonf before Big Dogs came into the picture.1. Food here is great no matter breakfast, lunch or dinner. The Walleye is great and the brats do keep me happy. Did I mention the Cheese Curds??? BOMB!2,  The beer here is great as well...one of the few local breweries we have  and one that didn't let their beer go straight to crap when the big hops shortage went down and the economy dipping. They also rotate some other brews from other micro breweries including other local ones which is a classy move.I must add that I am a Packers fan so I do haunt this place on that note as well.
4	When I lived in Vegas, this was my place for drinking great beer. The beers brewed on site were always of good quality with lots of local microbrews on tap as well. The food prices were a little bit steep but the food was always good and tasty. Those looking for a place to hang out with Green Bay fans will not be disappointed.
5	Absolutely love this place! Best bar food, yumm!
4	Las Vegas Brewery Stop #124 hour brewery....I like it. The draft house is in North West Vegas, shaped as a big barn with cow statutes out front.  We ordered a sampler and were surprised by the quality. There is defiantly a stigma to beer brewed in Vegas. Normally craft beer isn't cheaper than anything Anheuser...basically get off the strip for a good beer at a fair price. We enjoyed there:Leglifter LightTailwagger WheatHoly Cow! Original Pale AleRed Hydrant Ale38 Special (blend of Holy Cow & Red Hydrant)Black Lab StoutDirty Dog IPASeasonal: Pumpkin AlePale, Red Hydrant, and IPA took it. Good quality. Nice service and a good vibe. Big Dog's is a packer hangout with memorabilia all over the walls. Good first stop.
5	New menu,  some of the old favorites still there, but they have added some new stuff.  It turns out, it's the same good food , plenty of sporting events on their big screens, staff is efficient and prompt.  But when I finally decided to the try one their beers, they're out.  I really wanted to try the strawberry beer! It might be back next season so I'm told.
4	Love it, love it, love it!By far, the best brewery in Vegas. Their Holy Cow Pale Ale usually has me saying "Holy Cow" by the time I leave! They have a standard 4-5 of their brews, plus seasonal fare on tap at all times. Try the sampler to get a taste of all of them.The food menu is diversified. Everything from cheese curds to meatloaf and everything in between. Have never had a bad meal here over the years. Food is excellent, service is excellent whether you're sitting up at the bar, in the bar area or seated in the restaurant. I'm dying to give this place 5 stars, but until they bring the phenomenal taco pizza and taco quesadilla  back, I have to hold out on the 5th star.Do yourself a favor, if you're a local, drop by. If you're from out of town, make the trip over here. You won't be disappointed!!
4	What can I say...I'm a Midwest boy who went to University of WI for a couple years.  How can I give this place a bad review?  Seriously though, the bratwurst here are awesome. As close to home as you get out west.  The beers are equally impressive.  I fancy myself a beer snob, and I love some of the special brews they have at Big Dog's.  As much as I love the food here, I have to limit myself to only quarterly visits at best.  The dishes here are lumberjack portions!  I usually go into a short coma after a visit, but it's definitely worth it.If you're a Packers or Badgers fan, and haven't been here yet, shame on you!Looking forward to my Q1 visit in the spring!
4	My parents have lived down the street from here since 1995. We used to go during the afternoon or early dinner, the menu is diverse and pretty much everything is good. I havent been here in over a decade until recently and I was very happy to see not much has changed. You can get breakfast at anytime, free drinks at the machines, amazing fried shit, in house brews (among others), friendly crowd and staff, lots of seating and pretty much a local spot. Beer wise I like the Leglifter or the Talliwagger personally.
5	I like their home brew tail wagger wheat!
4	Well, for one, I am a Green Bay Packer fan.... but that's not why we're here are we?! Great pizza, burgers and salads! The brewery brews some of the best beers ever and the seasonals are exellent. Brats are awesome and you can get a burger with brat, hamburger and a pretzel bun! MMMMMM!!!
3	We went in here just because it was super close to our hotel, and whaddya know - a Packer/Badger (UW) bar in Vegas? Hot darn!I'm probably being a bit critical on the three stars here but it didn't quite round to 4.  The food was good but not amazing.  The service was average.  It was loud as hell and I could do without the smoke in the bar area.  I had a sirloin steak and my friend had fish/chips.  The steak was done correctly, not fatty, and the sides were decent.  At $17, whaddya expect.  My friend said his was good as well.  In the end, I wouldn't rush back but it definitely served the purpose.
4	I love this place for the beers. I love me some good beer on tap. As always, I look for places that have good service. I've always recieved good service with any group I've been with, and I've noticed the staff is good with all of their customers. These are a few of my favorite things:Mirror Pond beerWisconsin Cheese CurdsBig Dog's SaladThe BratzelThat's more than a few things, but these are the things I eat the most when I go. There is also a jukebox there which is a must for my boyfriend...it sucks when other people only want to play country music. I'm from Oklahoma, and I can't handle one after another. The only other downside, a lot of people smoke. That is one of the only things I hate about Vegas. You should not be allowed to smoke indoors and make other people suffer, but that's another subject.
3	Food is decent. Nothing special, but certainly edible. We liked the cheese curds. Service was good. Server was definitely friendly even though they were busy. Be prepared, though.....it's loud!
3	I've been going to Big Dog's Rancho location for a little over five years. Their beer is good, and the food is not bad.  Like a lot of places, it depends on what you order.  Tonight I had their Friday Fish Fry Special.  It was catfish, and it was OK.  Definitely fresh and not fishy or soggy.  I just prefer a crisper crust. The cole slaw was eh - better than a lot of places, because they make it themselves, but it was over-dressed. Their fries were not that great. Just average, not seasoned, not that hot/fresh. I always like the service. Even when they are busy, they are still pretty on top of things and are friendly.  I wish they would close off the bar more, because it is smokey. Their brats are good, and the beer cheese soup is also very good.
4	The chicken wings were very good.  My husband loved his burger with mushrooms and onions.  The dessert was overkill - but delicious.  The only negative was the service.  Our server made me feel like I was interrupting her day - she did her job, just not very friendly!
5	I have loved everything I have tried on the menu so far. Need I say more?
4	I really like the food and beer here.  I would have given a 5, but one of there bartenders is an a**hole.  Never had problem with any of the other staff.  For the most part everyone is very friendly.
4	It has been awhile since I last revisited Big Dog's.  Many menu items remain the same but there have been a few new wrinkles, and some flexibility is still displayed in the kitchen.  For example, Diane was able to secure a tasty Shrimp Appetizer with a side of fries that is no longer on the menu.  The 7 plump and juicy fantails that were then soon produced were well worth fighting for!On weekdays the soup of the day changes according to the whim of the chef.  This particular Tuesday night it was Chicken Rice Soup, and I ordered a bowl.  It was savory and clearly made with irregular lengths of chicken meat hand cut off the bone.  Although tasty and hearty, the soup was not hot enough.  Much better was a trio of very good Pulled Pork Sliders which were crowned by onion straws and made with a sweet barbecue sauce.  The small buns were lightly toasted just right, and the pulled pork was superior to most but a little drier than I preferred.  So, I asked for and quickly received more barbecue sauce, which I then dripped liberally on the meat inside the remaining two buns.  Along with the accompanying tasty and hot beer-battered Onion Rings dipped in Big Dog's special Pale Ale Sauce, which is perhaps best described as having a pleasant light honey mustard flavor, all was now well.  And, I greatly enjoyed a nice-sized serving of really good moist and creamy Potato Salad punctuated by bits of real bacon and green onion.
4	Great food and delicious beer. This place is loved by the locals, which says a lot, but note that this is a really smokey place when it's busy.
4	My only negative is cigarette smoke smell. Ok with that out of the way. Cheese curd is good brat was good. Beer was good. Waitress was good. Decor is cool. They have signs everywhere that are fun to read.
4	The only downer to this place is that you have to walk through a pretty divey bar to get to the restaurant, but once you're in things are great.  I had one of the best burgers I've ever tasted here.  The meat immediately stood out on the first bite as a quality hand-made patty.  The flavor was awesome.  Service was good and the mood was warm.  The house root beer is especially dark; not too sweet or fizzy.  Tvs had sports, although their placement is hit and miss.  Definitely give this place a go.
5	Update -25-Apr-11    We were in town two weeks ago and had to stop by the Draft House a few times.   Unfortunately, we missed the Double IPA but we were in time for the double red ale which was quite good.   Also, they had just started tapped the Black Lab stout which was good as always.    We've been coming to the Draft House and before that, The Holy Cow for several years and I only recently discovered their chicken fried steak breakfast.   Wow!   That's good.   Nothing like a hearty breakfast and a strong beer to start your day - especially if your day starts around noon!   One other thing that has changed is, in addition to Dave Otto's brews, they have developed a good selection of guest taps.    This past trip I had an awesome Green Flash double IPA (Palate Wrecker) and a good Ballast Point Sculpin Stout.   Great job on the guest taps folks.   Will I be back?   You bet.   Had a great time at Winterfest, hope to make Summerfest.  Good job!
4	Great atmosphere!  Great food even if you don't like ribs.
4	We stopped by this past weekend to check out the Peace Love & Hoppyness party.  We visited it too last year and had a great time so we were looking forward to it again.  It's a pretty reasonable beer garden.  For $30, you received a glass pint glass and $30 tokens for beer.  This year featured 50 beers to choose from but a majority of them were IPAs or heavier.  I don't mind a super heavy/dark beer once in a while but it's difficult for most people to spend an evening consuming IPAs.  Another thing was that 2 of the lighter beers were out early in the night further limiting the choices.  Overall it was a good time.  The bands were at a reasonable volume, it was outside, eclectic group of people and a good price for a Saturday night out.
2	Driving by this place, week after week and hearing so many positive things about this place, my wife and I rolled into Big Dogs with pretty high hopes.  It just seems like the kind of place that you can roll up your sleeves and dig into some great food, maybe throw $20 into a video poker machine and relax with some friends over a few pints.However, the bar staff was ridiculously rude and greedy.  There was one bartender for forty or so guests around a massive bar.  Every time a manager was called to the bar to answer some complaint about service or food or both, they would ask her if she needed help.  She would look around the bar and say "nah its not so bad" and then continue to give terrible service.I ordered some type of brat-burger sandwich creation that I thought was going to save the experience, but it turned out to be a hotdog pretending to be a brat.  At least they did have a fresh pretzel roll to hide the hotdog.  This place seems like it could be awesome or has been awesome, but I just missed it completely.  The twice fried or twice dipped wings were incredible, by the way!
4	The service is consistently slow, but the beer is good and the food is delicious. Sit in the bar to watch a game or sit in the dining room with the kiddos, either way it's always a good choice.
5	Everything you want from a Wisconsin Beer Mecca without Mosquitoes.Went here on a Tuesday (Ribs night!) with some friends. No ready seating at the bar so they seated us in bar overflow. I thought this was going to be BS because we were not in the bar. Not so, the bar overflow is open and adjacent to the bar, features a large quantity of sports-tuned televisions, and has a waitress bringing you their glorious beer so all was well.Food: Had the 9.99 ribs and fries. Really decent for a non-rib joint. Spectacular at 9.99 and consistent with the food I've had before- nothing exceptional just really well done classics and unusually good fish choices. This is not a gastropub, but that doesn't mean you won't leave happy and full. Prices are solid.Beer: These guys make the best beer in Vegas. The brewery is on site and they actually have quite a lot of great Big Dog beer on tap here at all time. Considering the size of the operation they must run those things night and day. The guest taps are also spectacular: well chosen regional standouts and usually on tap. They also regularly have gatherings for new beer releases and they have consistent enough quality to make the trip always worth it.Service: our waitress Shannon did something I have yet to behold here in Las Vegas. She split our check, and not only that, she did it happily, voluntarily, and without us asking in advance. I had not seen the like since I was in the Midwest (why is it they hate splitting checks out here?) She was great otherwise, but this was top notch. Pro-tip: If you come here in a Bears Jersey they're probably going to take you to the back and play "Abu Ghraib" with you. Otherwise an amazing place to watch a football, especially a Packers game.
4	Big Dog's Draft House is one of my fave places in Vegas! The only reason I don't give it a 5 star rating is because I smell like an ashtray when I go home. It's difficult for us non-smokers here in Vegas if we enjoy eating and drinking in bars. Oh well!My husband and I eat here frequently and love the food. Comfort food... lots of cheese, meat, and potatoes. They also have wonderful specials at night, like all you can eat shrimp on Wednesdays, etc. They have delicious craft beer made on site and we love the wait staff, including the bartenders. All in all, one of my fave places in Vegas!
4	Big Dogs is near my office, so we've gone to happy hour a couple times to celebrate one thing or another. The beer and drinks are pretty good. Don't expect the waitresses to know any fancy mixed drinks. The food is pretty good as well with decent, but not phenomenal, happy hour prices. I've had the nachos, artichoke dip, and burger with sweet potato fries.  All were quite satisfactory. Several of my co-workers have gotten the rib special (I think on Tuesday nights?) and they were very pleased.
5	This place is so close to where I live, I can't help but going there two or three times a month.  They have the best bar food I've had in Las Vegas and their beers are top notch.  Unlike many of the chain bars in town, their blue cheese dressing seems house made along with the house made pot roast served as an entree, tacos or on a sandwich.  Economically minded patrons will appreciate the regular coupons and Big Dogs rewards card to save on the dinning budget.  Beer aficionados will appreciate the Big Dog offerings of, not only their house brews, but a great selection of other top notch microbrews.
2	4 of us ate there late in the evening. There was nothing special about the atmosphere. Pretty typical of a sports bar type place - jerseys, license plates, other odds and ends decorating the walls. It was freezing cold in there. Usually we welcome nice cool AC int he middle of Las Vegas summer, but this place was like a fridge. All of us in our party were freezing. We had to move to a different table that was not under ceiling fans.The food was just average. We had nachos for appetizer. The portion was good, but nothing special about it. Looked like just a pile of chips with some cheese sprinkled on it and microwaved. Some of the cheese wasn't melted. Whole dish was just luke warm. For entrees we had club sandwich, fish and chips, and a southwest melted sandwich. All of it was average bar food. Nothing outstanding or signature about any of the dishes. Service was decent. All of us had that I ate too much greasy food feeling when we left. We probably will not go back there. Food was not worth the price. So many other options out there for better food and better prices.
4	So... This place is really good if you get the right thing on the menu. Beer is one of those things. The wait staff is great there. Eat:Fish and chipsPecan walleyeRibsDo not eat:"roasted" chicken (it's basically just burnt and dry chicken)Any salad other than the "draft house" salad, which is just a side salad. Cheese curds. I get these Every Time I go to big dogs and I am always let down. They smell great, look great with a nice golden beer batter fry but they are DRY DRY DRY. A good curd will have some melt to it but these are over fried and not worth the $10.
4	Big Dog's Brewery. A local's joint on Rancho, just north of Craig. Awesome prices for the "home" brews. Industry prices for the guest pours. Great service by the server. Attitude by the busperson. Maybe he needed a drink or ten to wipe the scowl off his face.Bar food. Not bad and not bad pricing either. Gaming at the bar and lots of fun placards with witty anecdotes plastered on the walls. Fun place.
5	The food was deeeeelicious! Beer cheese soup is amazingly good, the wings and the pastrami sliders too but the soup is a must!
5	Great venue! This is the staple of Las Vegas beer. The best Midwest food in town....brats and cheese curds! Try the IPAs especially War Dog. The fests are very fun to go to; however, they get cramped in the later hours.
4	I have been coming here for years. I love the consistency of the food each time. I do miss the brown bread loaf they used to bring toy our table!I ordered the "Cobb Salad". It was delicious and huge. I was able to eat the rest for lunch the next day. The avocado was fresh and very yummy.Our server was nice and checked on us often. The place was clean as well the bathroom.I like all the quirky signs they have around and their pride and love for the Green Bay Packers. The "Cheese Curds" are a must try at least once.Parking can be hectic but they do offer parking all the way around and have 3 different doors for entry/exit. You can choose to sit in the bar area or in the dining room area.
4	I took my wife and a friend in for dinner and a beer.  The service was exceptional and the server was very friendly and genuinely cared if we were enjoying our meal.  The Wisconsin Cheese Curd appetizer was a great choice.  We all enjoyed our meals, the beers and the atmosphere in the dining area.  No smoke and limited noise level made conversation easy and relaxed.  We will definitely eat here again.
4	Wonderful pretzels and good food in a fun environment.  Cold beer to boot!
2	Way older crowd slow service leaving now
4	Yay! I'm a fan of Big Dog's...only if I'm in the area.At Big Dog's, the portions are just that, pretty big.  Service is always quick to be seated, order to be taken, and food to arrive. Can't give them 5 stars for service because at Big Dog's, they are not the most attentive group.  Once you get your meal, there are times you don't see or hear from a server until your check is given to you.  My suggestion is to do what I always do, order your drink refill early. As for the food, it's not bad and the portions are good.-Sliders: This was recommended on my very first visit about two years ago.  Priced about average (less than $10)' It's still delicious and taste about the same as other pub and grill joints.-Fish and Chips:  Deep fried and greasy.  Poke a couple of holes in the breaded fish and drain the greasy out first.  Now you're takin'.  Now it's at least edible.  I think the batter is a little too thick and takes away from the taste of the fish.-Steak:  Not a bad option, but it's a little dry.  However, it's cheap and you get what you pay for.-Pizza:  Has to be over 2 years since my last pizza here, but it's cheap and one of their better prepared items here.  For less than $10, a personal pizza here is tasty and not too greasy.-Burgers:  2nd favorite to their pizza.  Their burgers are stacked, juicy, and affordable. I never expect much at Big Dog's because the prices are cheap and it's basically pub food.  Portions are big and there's still enough on the menu for everybody.
4	I've visited this place on and off since the late 80s.The food has always been great!The bar is owned by a family from Wisconsin and the food menu reflects that. You'll find plenty of brats and cheeses and their walleye is excellent.
5	WITHOUT A HITCH!My friends threw a birthday party for me on Saturday night.  They reserved two huge tables behind the bar area.  It was a great turn out....about 25-30 people showed.  My lasting impression is that "they have done this before".  Everything was so organized and flowed very well.  As you have seen in previous posts I love to entertain and have big get-togethers and this venue I will highly recommend.Our waitress Tiffany was really the only one taking orders if I remember right.  Most all orders were individual and you know how that goes.  This chick was amazing.  She kept everything flowing, remembering where everyone was, who order what and kept handing me drinks throughout the night. haha  The bald guy (sorry bald guy-I didnt get your name) kept the tables clean of emplied plates and bottles which is a huge pet peive of mine.  I hugged him at the end of the night because without him the tables would have been a mess.My boyfriend ordered a select number of appetizers for everyone....nachos, cheese curds, pizza bites and some kind of spinach dip.  All were fabulous bar food.  Someone ordered the pretzel and I am still dreaming about it.....and then someone else ordered the steak sliders.  Yes we will be back for those!  I must!!!I must say Dear Draft House....I am impressed.  What a great night!  Thanks for making my birthday special (and to my friends of course)...and I will see you soon for another pretzel and steak sliders....and some beer! ;)
3	Great food, usually great service, and good prices. We enjoy going at lunch and always leave stuffed.
4	After a long layoff, it was time to revisit Big Dog's Draft House to redeem some earned loyalty points, finish off a gift card, and enjoy the food.  So, one recent Monday night Diane and I did all of the above.  And found a couple of nice surprises.The first surprise was the novel soup of the day: a spicy Cajun Seafood Chowder.  It was good, but was much like roux and dominated by sausage.  A fine Dinner Salad with Honey Mustard Dressing was then served, emphasizing fresh greens, large croutons, and grated cheese, and including Cherry Tomatoes and cucumbers.  But the treat of the night was an outstanding Beef Stroganoff made with tender cuts of Top Sirloin, egg noodles, mushrooms, and a very tasty Stroganoff Sauce enhanced by a large dollop of sour cream.  It is without question the best dish of this type I have experienced in the Vegas valley to date, and was enhanced by complimentary Beer Rolls and butter delivered only upon request.  Meanwhile, Diane enjoyed her Fish & Chips.  Coleslaw was creamy and homemade.  And a smooth, cool, and creamy slice of Key Lime Pie with a Graham Cracker crust ended a really fine late-night comfort food dinner.
5	Wow! What a great place! The food was great, the beer selection is awesome AND great service!  I am becoming a regular....
2	Food is okay, nothing exceptional in my opinion, but the staff has an attitude, picked up lunch two days in a row, hostess didn't say hello, or thank you, I said I was picking up, she handed me the bill and walked away, POOR service.
3	Fun place to grab a beer and some food with friends. Old school atmosphere but if you want a local joint type place this is definitely the place.
3	I'd have to say for bar food, this is one of the best places. Cheese curds are out of control delish! Twice baked wings......in my humble opinion the best I've had in town. I don't like oversized wings, and they cook theirs just right. Not slimy, and the perfect amount of crunch on the outside. I will say the seasoning can be a bit on the salty side. The service we have experienced has been good, never has been bad. So why three stars??? Well, it's bar food, good bar food....and pricey bar food. The twice baked wings are 11.99 and its maybe 8 wings. Then you have to pay extra for fries and a drink. The garlic fries are also really good. So your looking at close to 16.00 bucks for some wings. I love going but not too often just because of the prices.
4	Pretty good food, a little smokey tho.
3	Place has a smokey smell, beer is expensive (for what ever reason), staff is nice, Too many Wisconsin people in one area of Las Vegas, Music is nice, TVS and seating is well-placed...Floors appear dirty (dark for a reason)...
4	I had a chance to visit here over the weekend. The atmosphere was very casual, the way a brew pub should be. They have a impressive selection of both Big Dog brews and guest brews. If you are a craft beer lover this is definitely a great spot to grab a few drinks. We started off with the cheese curds due to many recommendations from others. I have to say, these were fantastic! I also tried the beer cheese soup, and it's probably the best cheese soup I've ever had. The the main course I got a rib-eye, with potato cakes and mac and cheese. First, the Rib-eye. The meat was fantastic, great quality, however, I wasn't a huge fan of the rub they put on it. It really hides the quality of the rib eye which I didn't think was necessary. The potato cakes were by far the best thing on the plate, very delicious. The mac and cheese tasted worse than boxed, it had zero flavor and hardly any cheese, definitely pass on that as a side option.Beers:I started off by trying their nitro Bourbon barrel stout. I'm not a huge fan of nitro beers, but this one was creamy, had a great whiskey barrel taste with lots of deep coffee notes. Overall, great beer. Next, while I totally despise any Miller, Bud, Coors type beers, I decided to try the Leg lifter Lager. This is by far hands down the best lager I've ever had. It's very crisp and refreshing. In fact, it was so good, I had 2 more. I finished off with their Amber Ale, which was very well balanced, good malt flavor. A very good amber that is brewed to style.They even have 22 oz's to go in bottles which was a plus. I got 2 of those to go, War Dog IIPA and another Amber. Overall, this is a fantastic place to visit if you love good food and great beer. I'll definitely be back.
4	Come here with my dad sometimes to throw back a few and laugh at stupid people on television.The beer is good, they brew their own and it is awesome. My favorite is the Red Hydrant. The food is also pretty good, from what I've had. Mostly just the bar food appetizers and salads, but they do have an extensive menu with sandwiches, burgers, and other entrees that I have yet to try.The only thing that would be lacking is the service. I usually go here when there's only 3 or 4 other table occupied, yet it takes the waitress takes forever to come back with the check.
3	This was an oasis this morning - I am on east coast time, and this fun little place is open 24 hours...and serves great beer to boot!  I wanted to try some of their appetizers, and if i were here longer that just today, i likely would have gone back for dinner! :) However, it was not in the cards, for this time, i had a great egg and brat dish.  Try it!
4	Very good beer, not great, but very good!! Some top notch IPA's are created here, and the care and attention to detail in the brewing process shows in the finished product. The other beers are damn tasty as well, but the IPA's are the stars!!The food is good as well, that is not a hot dog on the bratzel burger genius, it's called a smoked Brat!! You can order it with a beer brat instead, and it is a thing of beauty!!The cheese curds are just ridonculous, but pricey!!! One of my favs is the pretzels with a bowl of the cheese soup, dip the pretzels in the soup, Yummy!!!My thanks to Las Vegas Beer Tours for introducing me to all of these wonderful brewpubs in Las Vegas!!!
5	I really miss the one on our side of town.  It was on Nellis Blvd and Owens Blvd.  The food was great, as was the beer; but it was the wait staff that were the crowning jewel.  The knew us and had our beers on the table as we sat down.Those days are gone.  Destroyed by the good-old-boy network of alcohol distributors here in Nevada.  But they can't stop the brewhouse from producing Las Vegas' best microbrews, and some of the best pub grub in town.  Some of the old wait staff are there, and they remembered us, even after a year of not seeing us.I think we're going to make the cross-town trek now that we know how much we were missing.
4	Always a reliable place to go. The food and crafted beers here are delicious. Sometimes the bartenders have an issue picking up the pace in order to get to customers quickly but if you come here with a relaxed attitude, you will have a great time. They always have something new and exciting going on here. The have festivals with music, food and new featured beers and this location also offers really neat brewery tours. The brewery tours are around $100 but they include lunch, two drink tickets and an all day walk-thru of everything that goes on in their brewery. Really cool stuff!
3	I would give this place 4 stars for their unique brew of beers and the atmosphere, however I had to subtract a star for the poor quality of the food. Overall, I like this place and I'm willing to give it a second chance even though I didn't have a slam dunk first impression. I'm optimistic  that I'll be able to eventually find a staple dish that I'll love, but bottom line is that I'd come back for the beer. What to avoid: The Wisconsin Walleye- I ordered this dish to be healthy. So I got the steamed version. It was supposed to come with a lemon glaze? Which was non-existent. The fish was completely bland with no flavor, and my first bite of the fish was full of bones. So that was a huge disappointmentBut this place can definitely offer a good time- chilling with your friends, drinking some beers, and munching on the Bavarian pretzels! The pretzels are awesome- super soft and salty served with a honey beer mustard dipping sauce. Can't go wrong there.
5	Try the 28 special. You won't be disappointed
3	great beer and good selectionsmokeybartenders could be a tad bit more outgoing and friendly
4	This place is just plain fun. The atmosphere is so lively and energetic, it's impossible not to have a good time. Big Dog's can't be beat on football Sundays, but be sure to stake out a table early, because the place gets packed. (I'm not even a football person, and I still enjoyed my experience at the Draft House, so that's saying something.)The food and drinks are good, and the prices are reasonable. I've only eaten in the bar area, so I'm not sure what the restaurant part is like.
5	I love a good microbrew.  Also, I love that Wisconsinites have a 'home away from home' here at Big Dog's Draft House!Great place for Packers' Fans to congregate in Vegas.  The food is classic Wisconsin and very tasty.  The service is always great, quick, and friendly.  There is a separate dining room and bar area so kids can enjoy fried cheese curds too!  There's lighter fare for those watching a diet, but "traditional" Wisconsinite foods fill the menu.
2	The food is a step-up from normal bar food. With that said, it is still bar food. None of the beers have impressed. The atmosphere is decent enough, the service is often lacking. And for what you are getting, the prices are a tad high.
5	I give this place 5 stars for the beer alone. The Brewmaster Dave Otto is, in my opinion the Best brewer in the state, him along with his crew have amassed 11 awards, since 1993, they have even beat out some of the big boys in a few categories. My personal favorite is the Watch Dog Wit, a Belgian style white ale that is a perfect summer cooler. A Hop Head as well he makes some very bold but balanced Hop bombs. A rotation of seasonal beers keeps the menu fresh and your tastes buds coming back for more.They also host a Beer School several times a year where participants are indoctrinated in the process that goes into making their favorite beverage.  You help make the beer and get to take some home when it is ready.  For Beer Geeks and Newbies alike http://www.bigdogsbrews.com/brewschool/
5	Been going there over 20 yrs.  The Brazelburger is phenomenal.
4	So I tried the red hydrant ale and it was really good. For lunch I ha the grilled chicken sandwich with lettuce and bacon. The sandwich was very good and the sweet potato fries for the side was even better!
4	Great selection of micro brew beer.  They have a 10 + percent alcohol IPA which was unique.  There stout was a step up from others I have tried before.  They had a raspberry beer that had a taste just like biting into a fresh raspberry: amazing.  The Packer and Cheese-head decor was a bit off-putting, though.
3	The food here was just OK.  We split the cheese curd appetizer - it was okay, but since I'm from Wisconsin, I've had much better. For my meal I had the italian beef and sausage sandwich. It was decent, but not great. The beer here was good - they have their own brews and a pretty good selection. I really came here to watch the Packer game since this is a Packer bar, so that was a lot  of fun. EVERYONE  was wearing packers gear and it made me feel right at home! So if you're a packer fan, this is the place to be on Sundays! And if you want a seat at the bar on game day, make sure you get there early because the bar fills up fast.
5	I love this place. Great breakfast, lunch, dinner, and beer. Friendly staff. It's my favorite bar in Vegas.
5	Heidi is the best!! She deserves a raise!!! Great customer service!! Food was great too!!! I'm a sucker for fries and ranch sauce!!
3	I took my daughter and wife her for lunch. I ordered a Salad with Chicken Breast and Balsamic Dressing. The salad was good. The dressing was a little strong. My daughter ordered the Club sandwich and she said it was OK. They were a little skimpy on the meats. My wife ordered the Chicken wrap. She said it was excellent and there were no issues with her meal. The waitress was very upbeat and positive and even suggested menu items for us. My drink was always full and the service was excellent. A little pricey for lunch. The entire meal for 3 was $45.00
3	If you aren't a Packers fan, avoid the seating area in the bar section by the back door on Sundays. My hubby and i got there early to watch the Lions 10am game and got the center seat. As Packer fans filed in for their 1 o'clock game, we were being watched and lurked and talked about because we were in prime seats. I felt uncomfortable and told my husband we should just leave. As soon as we paid the check, and sat up, one of them came swooping in with his plate. We hadn't even moved away from the table yet!Other than aggressive fans, it's one of our favorites to go. The food is good and the specials are nice. They're quick with service and friendly. They now also have shuffleboard and skee-ball.
5	This review should have been more timely, instead of three weeks after our visit.  It was originally written "in the moment" and submitted on my phone.  Lo and behold, my first attempt to submit a review by phone, and it went missing, including the draft.  Unlike the meal we had, which settled nicely into our stomachs, the review is floating somewhere in cyberspace.  A re-enactment follows.It's been several years since we were at the Big Dog's on Rancho, long before my Yelp residency, and I didn't recognize it.  It was conveniently right across the street from the Lumber Liquidators that we'd just been to, so a welcome excuse to avoid cooking dinner was inviting us to cross the street.  Alas, we were about 10 minutes too late for Happy Hour, so we had to order off the regular menu.  Not such a bad thing, since we had a fabulous meal.After quenching my thirst on my fave, Angry Orchard Cider on tap, I ordered the Southwest Turkey Melt, and Mr. G got the Pecan Crusted Walleye.  My sandwich was absolutely the best, full of stuff, including excellent turkey, and grilled just right.  Normally I wouldn't even have tasted the Walleye, since I try to avoid fried foods. (No, I didn't get fries with my sangwich).  But this one was pecan crusted; mention a nut and I go nuts, so I just had to sample it.  If I weren't so full from my sandwich, I would have inhaled every piece of walleye on that plate.  It was that good!Service was exceptional: friendly, helpful and mostly prompt, amazing considering it was a weeknight and the place was jammed.  We are looking forward to going back.  That would have happened tonight, except that I had a BOGO birthday coupon that I wanted to use from a different pub before it expires.  But we'll be walkin' that Big Dog again before too long!
3	Overall I like this place.  The beers are good and the they give you large portions (which any respectable manly man looks for in a draft house.)The food is a bit inconsistent.  I had an excellent steak a few weeks ago and last night it was just OK.  Almost seems like they used a different grade of beef.  The host may have been a bit slow or off his game, but he waited for me to ask for a table before saying anything.  Doesn't seem like a big deal, but if you think about it, it can get awkward fast.The beverages are always good though, so if nothing else go and try the house brews.
5	Another successful night Dogtoberfest, what a blast! Great food, awesome brews and all my beer friends can't wait for January. ...Well done Big Dogs!!!
4	Another late dining expedition to Big Dog's, and another great Big Dog's Beef Stroganoff, with morsels of lean meat (no fat), chopped Button mushrooms, Pearl Onions, a couple of pieces of mild orange pepper, some dollops of sour cream, stroganoff sauce, and egg noodles.  It is the best Beef Stroganoff I have tasted in the Las Vegas valley!And as a prelude, a Dinner Salad with mixed greens, radicchio, carrot slivers, plump Cherry Tomatoes, cucumbers, croutons, Cheddar Cheese shavings if desired, and a very tasty fat-free Italian Dressing gave me my quota of vegetables for the day all in one package.  Diane ordered a Bacon Cheeseburger between rare and medium rare, and it was spot on.  A fine comfort food emporium!
1	Worst food I've tasted since 1995. Service was terrible and the filet mignon was cardboard. Very disappointed. Will never return
2	90 minutes for 3 people to get breakfast... It took 20 minutes to get our drinks and an hour for our food. The beers we tried were good and the food was solid but based on the service I definitely won't be back to this location. It was not super busy and there was plenty of staff and we couldn't see what the extreme delay was all about.
3	Came here with a party of 8 at 6:20 p.m on a Saturday night. Hostess told us it would be a 20 minute wait. Waited over an hour to be seated. Terrible time to come. The food here is decent, and the fresh brewed beer is notable as well. However, definitely not worth the time waiting!!
4	My bf myself and our uncle love going to this bar. They have really yummy bar food as well as a sit down restaurant. Good service but if you want to sit and eat in the restaurant make sure you call in at least a couple of hours in advance to reserve a table because they don't have many tables and it can get busy in there. Came with a party of 8 and waited like over an hour to be seated on a Saturday night. Yikes. Food and drinks were worth it but we were starving.
2	As a fan of quality craft beer, I was excited to try Big Dog's. I'd had it bookmarked for months. Unfortunately, I came on the wrong day; they were out of the first FOUR beers I ordered -- the pale ale, Red Hydrant, Dirty Dog IPA, and 38 Special. Finally, I had the waitress tell me what she DID have, so she went off to the bar, and came back with a recommendation of a rye ale, which I ordered. It was probably the best fifth choice I've ever had. Apparently, Big Dog's had taken part in some sort of craft beer festival the day prior, and ran out of all of their beers there.For food, I had the sliders, which were okay; nothing special about them, and no reason to order them again.Our waitress (sorry, can't remember her name) seemed to want to do a good job, but also had a bit of a deer-in-the-headlights look about her. I envisioned that she had recently been in some sort of white-collar industry, and had not been waiting tables for very long.I would probably give Big Dog's another try, but I'm not really in any hurry to do so.
3	We were out in the Northwest on our haunted house expedition, and decided to stop in because we hadn't been here in years. It was kind of late so the restaurant area was closed. I HATE sitting at barstools, but they had this weird sort of option of sitting on really tall padded benches against the wall. Slightly more comfortable, but the Anaconda said he felt like a little kid with his feet dangling.Got the bacon cheeseburger with sweet potato waffle fries. Burger was well cooked and tasty, and the hot, crispy fries came with a thin, sweet dipping sauce that went perfectly. Baby Sis got a house specialty sandwich with bratwurst. She said it was good but I can't personally attest since I didn't actually get a bite. She never was good at sharing.Service was fine- friendly staff who seemed a little overworked. Pleasant vibe- they played a lot of classic rock mixed with country hits which seemed to cover the customer base pretty well. (About half of which were chatting and happy while the others were hunched over the video poker machines in their own private hell. I feel your pain.)Now for the part that, for me, lost them their fourth star, but ironically, made the Anaconda and Baby Sis want to give them 5: they let you smoke at the #@$! table! WTF!  Am I the only one who recalls a law passed not that long ago that prohibited smoking in food service areas? What the hell ever happened to that??!! They sat there dreamily puffing away, declaring that it was such a treat not to have to go outside for their post-meal coffin nails, that this was their new favorite restaurant. I wanted to call the police.
1	If you're going to come here - enjoy the beer and the brat & bean soup on a Saturday Night. Sit at the bar and enjoy the people watching. If you're super hungry, the ribs are okay.DO NOT use the bathroom. DO NOT get the food, especially the garlic fries. DO NOT expect decent service - but expect an overly priced menu. We accidentally spent $50 here thinking it would be worth it - it was not. We ended up grabbing Dominoes pizza 2 hours later. The food is so obviously frozen, and the waitress we had was rude. She gave us the 'What do you want." attitude - I typed that correctly - it's like it wasn't even a question, like we were disrupting her. There were buckets strewn about the restaurant and bathrooms due to the leaky roof succumbing to the rain, and the it just all felt dirty. We won't be back. Oh no, we won't be back.
3	It's a neat restaurant and has friendly staff. I had a bad experience when I was younger eating here by choking, so I can't really review it properly. The only thing I can say is that they didn't charge me for my meal. I appreciate them making light of a traumatic situation.
4	Being a Cheesehead and a beer lover, this place is an easy kill for me.  Breakfast, lunch and dinner +beer and Packer football.... It's an cozy friendly place to be.
4	A Bears fan going to a Packers bar doesn't make a lot of sense.  However, I do like the Red Hydrant Ale, the beer cheese soup and the last brewfest I attended despite the weather moving me inside. All good.
3	My bf and I came here for the packers game and it was a lot of fun! The place gets super packed and the atmosphere is awesome!! They have a lot of Wisconsin plates, which were super good! You must try the cheese curds and the Wisconsin brats!  Did I mentioned they brew their own beer?? I really like supporting our local brewers, so please come and drink a beer! Their service was really good, even though the bar was very busy our waitress was checking on us on a regular basis! I'm giving them 3 stars mainly due to their nachos and poor tv image. I mean, come on! A great sport bar must have great nachos!!! Their ingredients were very cheap and not very tasty, they need to add more ingredients and maybe some chicken. Also, knowing that this is a green bay packers bar their tvs should have a better image, they do not seem to have HDTV and they had tons of problems with the sound!
4	Our party of 8 came in and we were quickly seated..... The bartender came and put two tables together for us and made us feel at home (good job) then he took our drink order an and when he was done the waitress came and took our food order... I ordered the fish and chips but to tell you the truth I thought the fish and chips were VAN DE CAMPS BUT EVERYTHING else was very good very  fresh..... The service  was fantastic
4	Another great experience here at The Draft House.  Love the Staff, people, and food.  If you have a bad experience here, please talk to that staff.  They are great folks like you and I.  Thank you Draft House!
3	The Big Dogs on Sierra was closed, we always went there when we were in town at least twice for the beer and Nachos so we trekked over to the Draft house on Rancho.  Nachos were a disappointment compared to what we used to get.  The beer is good but we were sadly disappointed in our favorite nachos.
5	Time for another update.   Wifey and I were in Las Vegas right after New Year's and we stopped by the Draft House a few times.   Let me say that Julie, Tina and Jessica all took great care of us.    We never had an empty glass or did we ever need anything.   We'll always miss Patty though.   As always, Dave Otto's brews were spot on.   The Rebel Ryesin Rye Ale, the Black Lab Stout, the Rebel Red and of course the Down Under Double IPA were all good.   On a previous trip out there, we sat at the bar and had excellent service from Tyrone.   We normally don't sit at the bar, but since we were just going to have a quick beer, we did and it was great.  We tried a few things which we had never tried before from the menu.  The Porky Pine Pizza is really good and are the twice baked wings.   Wow... they were tasty.   Of course, the Bratzel is always good when you come in starving!   One good thing is they have the chili on the menu all the time now.   Awesome!   A word of note.   This place gets crowded for all Green Bay Packer games.  Come early if you want a seat.   Overall, the crowd was very well behaved and it was fun to watch the game (even though we were quietly cheering for the other team!)   Most everyone was really enjoying watching the game.   That was a good time. Will we be back?   Of course we will.
5	Still one of my favorite places (reminds me of home) but I forgot to add that they do offer a military discount!Also, Lady T's Vanilla Chocolate Stout is delicious.
2	The beer is fantastic, but the service at the restaurant is worse than before. Pretty sad.
4	Been coming here since the 90s always great beer,good service is the norm.  The brat burger is worth the drive.  My favorite beer is the dirty dog IPA but check their big board as they change up frequently.   Bar has a great vibe, recognize you even if you come once in a while.
3	Came in tonight on our way home and hoping for pizza, which we saw on the online menu. However,  when we asked for a menu, our bartender, poor guy, had to jot down the limited menu options on a beverage napkin because they do not provide him a printed late night menu. I can say as a fellow bartender, how can you possibly expect your staff to give great service if they don't have the basic tools to do the job?? He did a great job, all things considered but I don't know that I would comes back here to eat late night again. The bartender is awesome, but should at least have something printed to present for a menu. I would come back to see him for drinks,  but that's prob it. Give your staff a little support and they can do a much better job for you.
2	I think the world has been brainwashed into a low bar of service, hence the many good reviews. This place is, at minimum, an argument for abolishing tipping. I agree with the reviewers regarding the service. We were handed menus, and before we could open them, we were asked what we wanted, as if the information had been magically downloaded into our heads. Our waitress was equally robotic. She didn't try to sell us anything, talk about the craft beers, or pretend that we were helping to pay her check in any way,So we ordered. The food was tasty enough, albeit overpriced. The beer, not as good Aces and Ales offers a better drink experience. My stout lacked the dimension and heartiness I expect, and its flavor was dull.My friend ordered pastrami on sourdough. It came out on rye. The took it back to the kitchen and simply scraped it on to new toasted bread, losing half the sauerkraut in the process.We boxed our own leftovers. Our waitress did come to us at the end, smiling, hoping everything was all right. It was--just all right. Definitely not worth the price tag.At least it was a good night out with friends. We'll go elsewhere next time
2	It is so unfortunate, but since the menu change, it has really went down hill. This used to be one of my favorite places to go for a good burger, or salad, etc...  But the changes are NOT positive ones.The salads used to be almost works of art, now they look like pre-made wilted piles of mush.  I thought it was bad that they closed the Big Dogs on Sahara, but maybe not???So, so disappointing!!!!
4	As a Wisconsin native, I had to give this place a try and i was not dissapointed. Cheese curds were on par with what you actually get in Milwaukee! Cant wait to watch Packer and Badger games there when the football season starts!
4	Comfortable place where you can bring guests from out of town and know they will have good food, and a good beer. My husband and I go here often. The bar area service is why I deducted a star, the last 3 times I have been there and sat in the bar area the service has been extremely slow. In their defense, I was recently there on a Friday evening during a NCAA tournament basketball game. The soft pretzels are good, and great price during happy hour.  The cheese soup, and the nachos with shredded beef are worth a super long workout to negate the calories.Burgers are good and you can get veggie burgers (Boca patties) even though I don't believe it is listed on the menu. My fave is a build your own on a pretzel roll, with green chiles, pepper jack cheese, and guacamole....I've gotten this combo with beef burger, turkey burger, or a veggie burger depending on my mood. I was sad to learn on my last visit that one off favorites - the Mediterranean salad - was no longer on the menu. If anyone from Big Dog's reads this, I know I have spoken mostly of the delicious food porn options you offer, but more often than not i ordered that salad- please bring it back! Digressing...make sure you sign up for their free loyalty club for coupon offers and loyalty points. Sit in the dining room if you are bothered by cigarette smoke.
2	I've been coming to the Draft House almost every weekend for the past 8 years.  I have to say if I rated this place back then it would be a 5-star business.  But recently Big Dog's has self-destructed!  The service has gone from good to horrible, but that can be expected when you fire two if your best bartenders (Tyrone and Meg). The menu has gone downhill and the choices its head chef have made are disgraceful, plus the prices are high for what you get.  The only thing keeping the place alive is the beer, when they actually have it in stock.
4	I enjoy this bar/restaurant for taking out of town company to give them a taste of something off-strip.  Also a great place to watch Packer games.  Almost like being home in Wisconsin in terms of the energy and game day atmosphere.  It had been a couple months since I'd gone here and I happened upon a slew of negative reviews.  I had to check it out to see if one of my favorite places in Las Vegas had really fallen apart.  I'm told the other locations had closed and this review does not reflect or comment on that.  That's a business matter for the owners to speak on and not the yelping public.The menu is the same menu I remember.  I enjoy the cheese curds, Big Dog's salad, and Bratzel quite a bit.  The cheese curds are the closet thing to Wisconsin cheese curds I've had here in Las Vegas.  The Bratzel is a beautiful creation of cheeseburger, bacon and brat.  The big dog's salad is an excellent mexican style salad.  On my most recent visit I had the chicken friend steak.  The chicken fried steak was one of the better renditions of the dish I've had in town.We dined in the dining room and our server (I want to say Lynn?) was excellent.  Long story short, I'm not quite sure where all the recent hatred for Big Dog's has come from.
4	Great food, friendly staff!  Dave (brewmaster) makes some great beers, and Sergio (chef) creates some very inspiring dishes!  Don't miss their beer festivals!  Always great music, great food, and a lot of great beers!  Makes for a fun evening every time!
1	First visit to "Big Dogs" last nite shortly after 11 pm.  Bartender informed me they didn't make pizzas after 11.  Ordered a beer and an order of wings to go and started playing a video poker machine.  In less than 5 min I had $120 in the machine and ultimately $220.  Short bartender with starter set of muscles offered no interaction with either of the 3-4 patrons at the bar.  As he delivered my check he explained that he needed to collect before the food was delivered.  Looking at the receipt, I noticed the bartender had charged me $3.25 for the beer.  I asked if I had to pay for the beer since I had been playing the machine.  He looked at my machine and said he would remove it from my check.  Had I paid without looking (which I often do), I'd have paid for the beer.  The wings were delivered, I played for a couple more min before hitting the "cash-out" button for $240 - a $20 winner.  Several minutes passed without anyone acknowledging my cash out.  I began observing the bartender in an effort to make eye contact. No luck - he walked by several times with no contact.  Finally, I flagged a tall blonde guy telling him I needed to cash out.  He informed the short bartender and my payment was delivered.Normally, my $20 win would be split with the bartender - not this time!  I stiffed him, I left him zero.  Which was exactly equal to the service and attention he offered.A return visit is not likely.
4	I became a regular here, although admittedly I dreaded going sometimes because the cigarette smoke filled atmosphere is slightly unbearable. I'm a tough cookie, and Big Dog's holds a special place in my heart because they do beer, food, and service really well. That deserves my business everyday.The beer is pretty good. I stumbled upon the local/craft beer scene and the city of Las Vegas royally sucks for anything besides Budweiser products. I love every menu item I've tried. Cheese curds! The twice baked wings are delicious, and they even have veggie burgers :-) Great menu, overall.Service here rocks. I never sat at the bar, but always at a table next to it. I've had a few different waitresses, all superb. My beer never was less than a quarter full before I was asked for refills, and no matter how long I sat there drinking the service was consistent. Five stars, if a smoker didn't always sit right next to me.
3	This place has great beer so I go there for that foremost.  The food is plentiful, diverse and typical and pretty good.  I like that you can get Walleye Pike from Wisconsin here but the breading leaves a little to be desired.  They should offer it broiled or grilled.  Be prepared for smoke and beer in the air.  However, the servers are friendly, attentive and on the ball.  Good for sports watching too and place always has that festive feel to it. Pretzels are like in Germany.  Don't expect gluten free.
3	This restaurant is always packed with people and I have frequent this establishment serveral time over the years. It ihas great casual dining with large portions of home style food.  I was introduced to something new on the menu I have never noticed before, the Wisconsin Walleye 10-12 oz filet of this fresh water delicacy. It is offered in 3 ways: traditional corn meal breaded pan fried, broiled with citrus glaze or our house specialty "pecan crusted." includes your choice of two sides for $20. The fish was delicious BUT, stay away from the breading, it over powers the delicacy of the fish. Unfortunately, I had to send it back because I ordered it with the "pecan crusted" coating.  Order it BROILED! The Broccolini side dish was tasted wonderful and cooked al dente to perfection. I am coming back for that same dish broiled.
4	First time here but it wont be my last, the atmosphere is very welcoming with it's western feel. My waiter was very friendly and the food was very tasty.
4	even better that the one on the Sahara, that is close. Friendly staff and very attentive.
4	This place is great the Dirty Dog IPA is by far the best on tap. and the WI cheese curds are a great taste of home....I would say for $10 they need to throw a few more in on the portion size tho. all that said, this is a great spot for families as well with a kids menu and separate dining area away from games and smoke.
1	I loved this place until my visit tonight. The food is great. Cheese curds, beer cheese soup, pot roast, and sausages are awesome. However, the service is terrible. They LOST my debt card. I placed it in the card sleeve, the server took it, brought it back and didn't say anything. I went to sign, my card and the slip weren't there. So I began to panic! The card wasn't on the table, in my wallet, or on the floor around me. I waved the inattentive sever down and told her my card was missing. "Well, it wasn't there when I went to process it." So the search begins. She retraces her steps and after five minutes gives up. I begin calling my bank. Then from across the room some busser picks it up and gives it to the guest sitting next to him. HE GAVE MY CARD AWAY!!! The couple that he gave it to, got up and asked if there was someone missing their card. I wasn't expecting a free meal after this ordeal but it wasn't even offered. They asked me if I had a different form of payment before the card was found. You've gotta be kidding me! This was handled so poorly.  I really enjoy the food but this incident will prevent me from ever coming back. Horrible.
4	I've been a semi-regular to regular attendee of the place since it opened back in the late 80's, and its certainly had its ups and downs in that time period.Speaking for now, I consider it to be my "home" bar and rarely have an experience that's not positive.The beer here is phenomenal, and they always have a great selection of craft brews that they make on site. No matter what you're in the mood for, there's always something there you'll like.The food is almost always good. A lot of standard American fare, with some Wisconsin style dishes like their fried cheese curds (mandatory whenever you go there) and walleye. Their burgers are always great, as is pretty much anything else you get there. The only thing I've eaten there in recent memory that didn't really get my approval was their prime rib, which was very....okay. That's not a normal thing on the menu though.Service also generally good, especially if Emily serves you. She's one of the best out there and will always make sure you're well taken care of. The other servers there are also mostly good, though some occasionally disappear for longer than you'd like leaving dry glasses when you want another round.The environment is very welcoming and down to earth, but by no means trashy or low budget. Being a Wisconsin bar, there's tons of Green Bay stuff decorating the walls. If you're a Bears or Vikings fan, you have been warned. In terms of smoke, you'll come out of the place smelling like it, but there are plenty of air filters installed so you never feel like you're in a smokey bar.Lately there's some points against it in that it's been extremely crowded as of late (can't really fault them for success, but as a patron it's a pain), and they've also installed a jukebox which means being subjected to loud, crappy music whereas they've always played classic rock and other quality tunes there (some of which is actually fairly obscure, so a music nut like me would jump for joy when you'd hear an old 70's progressive rock tune that you'd never hear on the radio).One thing that I really wish they had is an established happy hour. The beers there are a little on the pricey side, and being able to swing by after work some days without a $30+ bill (food and a few beers) bill would be nice.
5	Home cooking, great specials, good beer, and cheese curds! Does not disappoint but I'm also from wisconsin ;)
4	We've been coming here for a while now.  The food is always good and the service is great.  Gets a little crowded sometimes but it's worth it.  The pot stickers were great.  My daughter isn't much of an eater but she downed 4 of them before she got her dinner.  The buffalo wings are great!!  The cobb salad is as good as the rest of the meal.  Just an all around good place to get a good meal.
5	another great meal here patty melt done right and burgers are good.  . beer special tonight is cream ale. Emily and Patricia taking great care of us.
4	It seems there is a new menu, a new patio but the same great service. We hadn't been in for a while, we enjoyed the nacho's before but for two people, it's a big plate. They would allow half orders but no more, so if you are hungry or have a large group, the nacho's are a good app.They also had in the past a bratwurst plate, thats been gone for sometime, but they also had a steak and sausage sandwich, but now it's chicken and sausage. They have added pizza's, not too bad, the flavor is good but the crust is not my favorite. Overall, good food, good beer and good service!
1	After being seated by a young host who mumbled something about drinks then walked off to never come back then sitting for over 10 minutes and being ignored by no less than 7 different servers who walked by us, we walked out. Since we've been here twice before and the food is always just average (extremely boring menu) don't think we'll be back. What a shame since there are not too many breweries on this side of town.
4	Big Dog's took away breakfast for a little while since my last review and then our favorite waitress left. Luckily they brought breakfast back but it hasn't been quite the same since. Lots of little changes, some for the better, but it just hasn't been the old faithful it once was. Still a great place in my book and maybe with some more visits it will return to the 5 stars we once knew.
4	Good food, although kind of limited selection for vegetarians. Patio dining is nice, but too hot by afternoon.
4	Went here for lunch after a trip to a new place that turned out horrible. We've been here before but my husband hadn't been in years. He is tough to impress. He loved it. He had the pot roast sandwich, I had the club. Everything was delicious and the service was good. I've never had a bad time going here. We'd go a lot more if we lived a little bit closer.
4	Well, this place is extremely chill on a Saturday evening, and though we didn't get to try the food, well the beers are real good! IPA, lake mead monster, even Pilsner, so good!
1	We arrived at 8:20 for the all you can eat shrimp. When we approached the hostess, she informed us that she would seat us, but they are closing the dining room and we'd be the last customers. I'm unsure why this was relevant, it only made me feel like an inconvenience and that she was doing us a favor. My son got the shrimp those were good. These rest of our meals were awful. I got the roast beef sandwich and it was so greasy I couldn't pick it up, the bun fell apart on the bottom. The Mac and cheese was not much above kraft. The pasta was way over cooked. I was going to give 2 stars until we sat and waited 20 minutes after we were done eating for someone to address we needed the check. After we received our food we did not see anyone until that point, once the 3 of us had to stare down the staff to get attention.
4	Tends to be a meeting spot whenever I'm in the northwest. Solid bar food, plus the only place I know of that has walleye. Their brews are pretty good, but if it's war dog season, order no less than three. Then a growler of it to go, it's liquid gold. Fun times at their mini brew festivals as well, held every few months.
4	Stopped by a Thursday night so pretty slow  wasn't expecting much but man the food was amazing I had a burger with sliced brat, the atmosphere was nice chill nice people bartender was awesome let us sample a few beers before we made our choice I had red dog wich was good for me but to strong for my wife she had their hefenwizer wich was good too def be back
4	Been coming here for many years. A wonderful home town joint where you will always feel comfortable enough to kick back and hang up your hat. Beer is the best brewed in house. I like the 38 special. You'll never go wrong coming here.
5	We went to Las Vegas last September to visit family and they brought us here for lunch.  I had the pot roast melt sandwich and almost died it was so good.  Now, I am born and raised in Chicago and know & love good food.... Everyone knows Chicago is a food city and I am a total fatass...but for the past year I have thought about that pot roast sandwich every single day!   We actually just booked our flight and hotel last night to go back to Vegas again this September.  Our first stop after checking in is to come here for that damn sandwich!!!!  :-)The owners are from Wisconsin and that is why it's SO GOOD!!!
5	Came out for SummerBrew Fest always so fun! The new patio is great and great additions to the menu. We had there twice backed wings spicy but so good!! Perfect with a good beer. Carla is a great and friendly waitress!
3	Came here with my boyfriend for some food, drinks, and a little fun. Food was decent but nothing special. Drinks were decent as well, the beer wasn't as good as I was expecting and his jack and coke was a little weaker than we would have liked. And as far as the fun. . . well if you're under 40 you're going to be out of place. I probably will stick to surf city from now on
4	We frequent the Draft House and the food is always excellent and they have very friendly bartenders. This past weekend we went for dinner and we were disappointed in the way we were treated by the manager, Patty, in the dining barn section of the establishment. She was quite rude and made my husband and I feel very unwelcome (we asked if they could please leave the TV on the same channel it was on when we were seated - pure silliness, especially since no one else was seated any where near us and we were only watching a sporting event.). I give the food 5 stars, the waitress 5 stars, the manager 2 stars.
5	My husband, kids and I came here yesterday while visiting Las Vegas. After our oldest daughter passed out from heat exhaustion, followed by many hours in the ER, we wanted to make sure we got lunch that she (well, all of us) would enjoy. We all loved this place, including youngest child (who is very particular). My husband did his homework, and we ended up here. Cheese curds- ridiculous. I need these in my life more often.Husband- Brewer's Sandwich. Bratwurst, another type of sausage, grilled onions, sauerkraut. (I told him he was going to have to get himself his own hotel room.)Oldest daughter- cheeseburger, lots and lots of water, and a house brewed root beer. Youngest daughter- kids' mac & cheese (Kraft from the box, but she loved it).Me- the Cheesehead burger. Being a huge Packer fan, I had to get this. And, speaking of the Packers, this restaurant/ brewery is full of Wisconsin paraphernalia, but more importantly, it's full of Packer stuff!Now, the beers. Dirty Dog IPA, delish. Double Down (double) IPA- delish. Husband got the Double Down, but it's a 9% beer, so I only had a sip. We did get a flight also- cream ale, Imperial IPA, double IPA, stout, and a peach. The cream and peach were okay with, but the other three beers in the flight were wonderful. Service was great and everyone was friendly.My only complaint is... why can't this be 200 miles closer to my house?
5	Brand new outdoor patio on this place is cool Thursday nights is live music.   Great beers and the sell growlers too
4	In light of some major changes here, methinks it is time for an updated review.Alas, while excellent tasting Potstickers with a Spicy Cilantro-Thai Sauce are solidly back as an appetizer, the well-regarded Beef Stroganoff--despite numerous requests from regular diners for same--has been permanently taken off the menu in lieu of a new pasta and meat-oriented entree called Down Home Peppersteak.  I will concede that the new dish is very good and satisfying comfort food: pieces of Choice grade Top Sirloin steak mixed with sauteed onions, celery, sweet Bell Peppers and cooked in a rich Demi-Tomato Garlic Sauce, and served over Egg Noodles, sweet Grape Tomatoes and tomato wedges.  Just a few of the morsels of meat were tough. But it is very difficult to find Beef Stroganoff served at restaurants in the Las Vegas valley, and Big Dog's formerly prepared the best example.  It seems a shame that this dish has now been put out to pasture, when it surely could have coexisted with the new pasta offering on the block.  And, to add to the loss, the closure of the former Big Dog's Brewery location on Sahara brought with it the untimely passing of one of the best French Onion Soups served in the valley.  Including this cheesy gem in the  the Draft House lineup would ease some of the pain of losing the stroganoff.  But as of now that is not to be either--except occasionally as a Chef's Special of the Day.  A cup of Cajun Seafood & Sausage Cajun Chowder--with bits of seafood, sausage, potato, and celery made hot and spicy mixed in a red Nawlins-style roux to provide a strong backbite--was again hearty and gut-warming on two more occasions, and sold out on a third.  A Dinner Salad with fresh Iceberg Lettuce, Cherry Tomatoes, Croutons, carrot slivers, and sqiggles of Cheddar Cheese was large and good with both Honey Mustard and Ranch Dressing.  And fresh Pecan-Crusted Walleye flown in from Wisconsin was excellent, moist, and delicious two more times, along with a first-rate homemade Tartar Sauce.  But on a first attempt Diane's ordered Cheeseburger was not rare to medium rare as ordered, and on another occasion her off-menu Fried Shrimp & Fries appetizer was way overcooked.  The burger's replacement was sound, and management voluntarily took this item off the bill.  Cheesy Potato Cakes, which I tried for the first time, were rich and cheesy as advertised.Service was sometimes slow but always friendly and helpful.  And this place, which now boasts a recently added rustic dining patio area in front, will remain a late night dining mainstay for me for the foreseeable future.   Still very much worthy of 4 stars overall!
2	The first time I came here the food was really good although the service was 'meh.' The cheese curds were great and my burger and fries were delicious. The beer is also good and they have many varieties. They forgot to bring out the cheese curds until after my meal was served. However, the second time we came here we sat outside. There were 2 other tables outside and the hostess told us we could sit out there. After sitting out there for 10min without seeing anyone I went inside to get menus and inform the hostess we still hadn't seen anyone. We waited another 10 min before leaving. I went to tell the hostess why we were leaving and she didn't say anything except, 'oh, have a nice night.' I wasn't happy with the lack of caring at all. The food and drinks are good and I would like to come back here in the future if the service improves.
5	I wish they would bring back the brat patty eggs Benedict with the amazing mustard sauce rather than traditional hollandaise.  Other than missing that dish - one of our very favorite places. We are from Wisconsin and when home sick we always hit up thr Draft House.   Love grandma's pot roast melt. The best melt of any kind I have ever had!!!!
1	I went to meet my mother here for lunch (she is a regular at this place ). So first,  the atmosphere was good.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich (garbage), the pork was tough and really seemed like yesterday's left overs (after it sat out and got dry), overloaded with a overwhelming bbq sauce that still couldn't mask the flavor of the nasty pork! The fries were good, and me trying to be positive, just figured some cooks have different standards (I wouldn't dare say Chef!).  So that said,  I hadn't seen my mother in a long time, and she seemed to be enjoying her food, so I didn't mention how much I disliked my food (although it was evident after I didn't take more than a couple bites after I had just talked up how much I would like a pulled pork sandwich). The last straw for me was when as we were walking out, our waitress mentions, loudly, to the hostess "wow they took forever". I figure she hadn't seen her tip yet, and I probably should have went back and taken it back! but I did nothing as she gave us another sarcastic comment before we left. I will say again, my mother is a regular here so I didn't want to make her feel uncomfortable.  I kept my mouth closed, even though I feel we did nothing wrong for sitting there for a couple hours catching up on missed moments.  we bought food, drinks, and tip well..  I thought that's what restaurants were for??  Please correct me if I'm wrong!
3	Stopped here with a few others, as we met a "local: here. Hung-out for a while, ordered some appetizers, and drinks. FOOD/DRINKS:     Ordered a beer that was on their menu, and written on their chalkboard - they didn't have anymore of that kind. Ordered another beer, that they had a photo/sign of in their bar, but they didn't carry that one. So I ordered a sampler of what beers, they did have, and that they brewed. Beer was good.     Ordered buffalo wings, buffalo chicken strips, and Nachos. The food came out in decent time, the buffalo wings were actually better than expected but the onion rings were on the "soggy" side. The chicken strips were a bit under-par, and the nachos were actually good in size and good in quality. SERVICE:     Eehhhh, got me here. Did not get greeted, and it took quite some time for us to actually have a waiter walk up to us, after we even tried flagging one or two down. After that, they did serve us well though. FACILITY:    Parking is great but the place inside is a bit on the older, darker side. The bar had a "Northwoods Inn" feel which could be good in ways, but bad in others. Table was clean, and bathrooms were well kept.
3	Lee at the bar was rude, he seems more focused on doing paperwork than customer service. We had not been here since the remodeling, we had a handicapped person with us and couldn't find handicapped parking. I went inside and asked Lee, hardly looking away from his paperwork he said we remodeled, it's in back and pointed to the rear of the building, I asked how do we get there, he said drive around the building with a tinge of sarcasm, I said oh is that door new, he responded been there as long as I have. At this point I would have left if not for having gift cards that I couldn't use elsewhere. We parked the car and had a wonderful waitress and wonderful dinner, recommendation, don't let Lee ruin your night, talk with someone else, Lee consider taking a course in customer service or think about an office job, you would meet your love for doing paperwork and not have to be distracted by customers.
4	I liked this place. I took my girl here because it was her birthday and she picked it. I ordered the bratzel burger.  It was really good. It was gigantic with a really good brat on top. The burger was cooked very good and had a great flavor. It was way too big to eat and super messy, but I still really liked it. I also for the fries on the side and they were hot, crispy and fresh. Definitely would come back again!
5	Great lunch,  microbrews and service. Sheila was great! The first time I went in it was just for drinks on a Tuesday night and the service was dreadful. Today more than made up for it. I will certainly be back.
1	The food was ok.  Service is very slow.It was over an hour and half before we were served. The waitress wasnice and apologetic at first but as soon as I asked "did they forget our order" she seemedlike she was avoiding us once another waiter finally served us our food. I think she forgotto put our order in. I get it that restaurants get busy but for me to have to ask and ask is not very professional. She didn't check on us. We had to waive her down to get the check and give her our money. We felt like she just kept trying to avoid our table after I asked her if they forgot our food. I won't go back and won't recommend. I work in the industry so I will make sure I spread the word that this place is not so great at customer service.
5	We had a big party show up through out the evening from maybe 7 or so until just a little bit ago and let me tell you, that bar staff has got it down.  Not only did we all order food all at different times, we ordered the daily drink special, pitchers of beer, waters, teas... you name it and hell, we were all on separate checks.  We unintentionally were probably the most annoying type of bar customers a bar tender would be forced to deal with but that British guy was fantastic.  I mean... just the sweetest guy with a great sense of humor.  It was a busy bar night but our drinks did not stay empty long.I will defiantly be making my way back to this place.  I can't believe I hadn't come to this place sooner.  If not for the food and drinks, but for the bad ass service!
4	We love football here!!! Food is pretty good. The atmosphere is fun and casual. Our servers are nice and keep the beers coming. I love the draft beers.  They have something for everyone.  It is a Wisconsin bar.
3	I wish Yelp let you score halves, then I could give this a more appropriate 2 1/2 rating. I tried five different beers, and the only one that stood out was the Fancy Herb and Lemon Saison. Everything else was rather bland, earning an average of 3.5 out of 5 on BeerAdvocate and Untappd. The pizza was disappointing, too. I had high hopes since they advertised all fresh ingredients, but I wasn't impressed.
4	4 stars for the beer and the atmosphere. Some of the best beer in Vegas. Otherwise, I'd give it a 3. Often slow service. And it is average bar food at best.
4	This is a really fun Midwest bar, and their beer is pretty great. I enjoyed their fish and chips, but was so disappointed that I didn't get the garlic fries. Their garlic fries are amazing! Been here a couple times with larger groups and they've always been really accommodating with splitting checks and multiple arrival times. They also have a discount for teachers!!
5	Once again Big Dog's, you didn't disappoint!   Literally the minute we got off the plane and got our rental car, we immediately went to Big Dog's.  And yes, I got my pot roast sandwich!   We had a group of 6 people and everyone loved their food.  My cousin had a huge burger with a bratwurst on it, on a pretzel bun.  She devoured it and said it was the best burger she'd ever had.  We also had the fried cheese curds which were gone in seconds LOL.  I couldn't finish my pot roast sandwich and wanted to take it home, but someone accidentally threw it out.  They gave me a whole new sandwich!  Big Dog's, you guys rock.  Keep up the awesome work!
5	I met a new friend here before we went to a show. They were having a beer festival and it was great!! I am not a beer drinker but am finding that if you know the right people who know beer it isn't bad at all. Tom was nice and between him and my friend I found a beer I like. After the show we came back to listen to a great band, drink more beer and eat a delicious brownie sundae. People go here to have fun for sure.
4	Love this place for the beer, food and shuffle board! Highly recommend the Mac and cheese with the added ghost pepper cheese and the broccoli salad... My only issue with this place is the vocalist of the band playing on the patio this Tuesday October 14th (not sure if it's an every Tuesday night thing or a one off performance)... Not that her vocals were bad, I actually enjoyed the band.  Her attire is simply something I've seen at establishments such as Sapphire's, which I think is great at such places, just not at a family restaurant.
1	Wow.  My wife and I have gone to this place for years, despite the heavy smoke and dingy atmosphere but  ONLY kept going because like the BEST bartender in Vegas worked there (Bartender Dave has worked their for as long as we've gone there, many years).  We'd always ask why the owner didn't do anything to clean up the place but was told the owner didn't want to spend any money to keep it up.  So we go there this Monday to watch MNF and find out Dave the bartender was fired.  I asked why and was told by they couldn't really say but later basically when I persisted was told he wouldn't kiss the owners butt, no big incident had happened or anything like that.  What a very poor business decision in our eyes, obviously an owner who doesn't watch this guy work or know anything about the bar business because this guy hustles like no end.  I know tons of his customers come just  because of the service he provided.  Anyway, I'm hoping I can find Dave on LinkedIn (Please reply to me if you know Dave's last name - never thought to ask) to see where he lands because the dude can bar-tend better than anyone we have ever seen.  We WON'T be coming back for Thursday, Sunday or Monday night football at this place because the owner just got rid of the ONLY reason we kept coming back.  Geez!
2	I typically stop into Big Dog's 3 or 4 times a week and last week after not seeing David (one of favorite bartenders) a couple of times I inquired as to his whereabouts and was told he no longer works there.  I asked a few more people and found out that he didn't want to leave Swing Shift and move to the Graveyard shilft and that was one of the reasons why he left, I don't know if the entire story is correct but even if a portion is the owner should have been more than willing to accommodate a loyal employee that has giving over 20 years of service to better his business and brand (STUPID MOVE).I am not saying my friends and I are going to completely stop going to B.D's but I will not go as frequently, though it is the owners prerogative to hire and fire people as they see fit the owner should also be committed to show integrity as well.(JUST MY OPINION)BTW the way another good bartender Tyrone was let go as well....Another bad move.
5	This place is great. Great food & beer, lots of machines to play.and a large amount of TVs for your viewing pleasure
2	Mixed review, it's ok, I go here...sometimes. Good selection of drat, their own brew and guest taps. I like to drink local and spend my dime on local wares whenever possible. Having said that, last time I was here the place was nasty smoky. Yes, nasty.It was a Sunday and the football crowd was still here after the packers game, rooting, gaming, definitely smoking up a storm and drinking their bud. Don't even get me started on going to a brewery and ordering a bud bottle. That might just be the definition of insanity. Anyway, maybe it wasn't the best time for a nonsmoking, beer enthusiast to patronize this establishment. I take some of the blame, but I looked around this bar and I was not part of the majority demographic monopolizing the polluted air space. I'm much better served coming here in the warmer months. Sitting outside, away from the smoke, maybe bring my dogs along, which are more than welcome. Or earlier in the day, through the week even. But the weekend, during American "football", watching people swill their bud, puff their stinking cigs, all while filling their faces with fatty bar food. No thanks.
5	Another update.   We were back in Vegas for Dogtoberfest and I was out there again in November.   Dave continues to brew some of the best beer around, the food was always top notch and the servers took very good care of us.   However, I am very disappointed they let Dave go.   I knew him as Boston Dave and we first met him when he was at the Holy Cow.   They guy was a great bartender and blast to talk to.   Even though we don't live in Vegas, he clued us in to some of the really cool places to visit.   It's a shame to not have him at the Draft House any more.   The place won't be as good with him gone.   Please, whatever you do, keep Dave Otto and Sergio happy, the beer and the food makes this place special.
4	I love this place. It's a small piece of the Midwest right here in Vegas. They have cheese curds and fish fry on the menu and Packers on the tv. What more could you want? The food here is a very good quality bar and grill style. I've had burgers, wings and ribs and they're all good. They also have one of the best craft brew beer menus in town. They always have seasonal things on tap and are constantly updating their taps. If you love beer and bar food this is a must try.
3	Used to love the one on Torrey Pines and Saraha.  They closed so I came to this one!  SO LET DOWN...way to smokey!   I was obsessed with the graveyard food and service and was so disappointed I won't go back...if friends wanna meet there I usually just stay in rather than go out!
3	I love the pizza here and I like the vibe for the most part. Normally when I come, I just go to the diner portion. Last time I was here about a week ago, we came to order some to go food, sat down and played some slots while we waited. I have to say, I'm not a fan of the women bartenders. If you aren't a regular the service isn't so great. You have to wait even when you've asked for something before a person they know by name. Big dogs on Torrey pines should have never been shut down! I will continue to go here for the pizza. Their fries suck, unless you get the garlic ones (which will have you smelling like funk for a week) also the chicken fingers were great.
5	Big Dog's is awesome. We live nearby so it's a great local hangout after work or just whenever. Food is excellent. My family being from wisconsin, I can't get enough of the cheese curds and brats. Ty the late night bartender is cool, always willing to suggest new beers and a great guy to chat with. The staff is willing to let you sample their beers if you want to expand your beer palate. I've never had a bad experience there. Definitely a gem.
