4	I've been staying at the Courtyard Marriott for a few days, and it's always great to be able to walk downstairs and get good coffee. There's a patio and dedicated parking.
1	Tiny, tiny Starbucks.  Shares a building with a Courtyard Mariott (but is in it's own space).  Only 3 parking spaces that are always full.  Nowhere else to park anywhere nearby.  No wifi!
3	Not my favorite Starbucks, but they have a good parking situation with spaces in the hotel parking lot.The baristas are really nice and the drinks are good, but the store always seems a little dirty, both behind the counter and in the seating area. With the Penn Circle and Bloomfield stores so close by, we typically only go here if parking in Bloomfield is too crazy and we don't want to deal with the insanity of the Whole Foods/Penn Circle parking lot.
2	Not the best Starbucks by any stretch. Used to have only three parking spots, which have since been increased to maybe 8. Service is always lacking, both ordering and making drinks. Wouldn't go unless I had a free drink on my card and was dying of thirst at the very moment.
3	This is my daily coffee shop because I work close by. It is a ridiculously busy especially before the hospital opens. They are usually pretty efficient though. I don't love this location for studying because it does tend to be noisy. Pastry tends to be fresh and baristas are nice. Parking does sometimes get packed but you can find street parking.
4	Very friendly staff and about 6 off street parking spaces make this a great location for my Friday cup of happiness :) Be warned of the morning/hotel rush though.   It's attached to a Courtyard Marriott and across the street from a major hospital so the lines can get a little long.
3	When Starbucks built this branch, they knew exactly what they were doing. Expertly located at the edge of three neighborhoods (Oakland, Shadyside, and Bloomfield) and basically attached to the Courtyard Marriott and UPMC hospital, this branch was created small and for efficiency. There are a bunch of people walking in every morning coming or going to all neighborhoods in the East for work, and the baristas here deal with the crowds well. Though it is a well oiled machine, it's not as much the cozy location to sit down and enjoy the paper or to work for a while. I only stop in here when I know I'll exit quickly.
