5	The office is called "I Care Optometry"The optometrist is from Las Vegas and is very nice and informative. She is also very patient and willing to take the time to help you and repeat things. Her staff is awesome and nice. They offer water to those who are waiting and give a very personal touch to their service (finding glasses etc.)They take Davis vision here and will soon be taking Culinary Insurance.She is also fluent in Chinese for those who need someone that speaks. Open on Saturday and Sunday (by appointment only), but good to have the option.One negative was that heir optician takes forever to adjust your glasses.
5	I have been a patient at ICare Optometry since January 2010.  And I found this office primarily because they are in-network for those with Culinary Health Fund Insurance coverage.  And I am glad that I selected Dr. Hsueh and her optometry practice (ICare Optometry) out of the many other offices in the Las Vegas area.Making appointments, even very last minute ones, were a breeze.  If you happen to be in the area without an appointment, they accept walk-in as well.  The office stays open relatively late into the evening, so it fits the busy schedule of many of the patients here.One of the things I really like about Dr. Hsueh, is that she is very patient and really takes the time to do the evaluation of contact lenses.  I know I have tried several test pairs to determine which one I like the most, so when I finally make the decision to purchase a box or more of those flexible vision enhancers, the decision will be an informed one based on personal testing. There is no sense of urgency to rush you into purchasing glasses or contact lenses.  It is our money and the decision to buy it is also ours.The other office staff are also very professional and do their part to make the patient's office visit a pleasant one.The office also offers coupon discounts, which can be access via her webpage http://www.icareoptometry.net/coupon.pdfThey also accept many other insurance, such as VSP, Aetna, Cigna, SPECTERA, Principal - Financial Group and more.  For a more complete list of accepted insurance plans check out their website or call their office.Totally a 5 stars experience.
5	Dr. Karen Hsueh is THE best optometrist in town and her whole staff is patient and kind. I've been coming here since 2009 and they still offer the same great service. I would have to agree with the other people that the staff doesn't rush you so you can make the best decision possible. I also like how they offer name brand frames such as Gucci, Armani, Dior for those that want something hip and trendy. Another plus is that they take most insurances including CIGNA for Caesars and MGM Corp.  I did walk-ins the few times I've been there but definitely make an appointment just to make sure you won't end up making a trip for nothing.
3	Dr. Karen Hsueh is a kind and knowledgeable optometrist that I can say & give the stars to. She asked me if I had any concerns and questions a few times in my exams. I asked her about my blood shot eyes, dry eyes, and mucus buildup from wearing contacts that she was happily and prompt to answer. I actually went to this exam to get new glasses, since I already have a good year of supply on contacts, which expires in 2016. I was open to trying a new contact lenses in hopes it would  be more better or should I say comfortable without the dry eyes feeling and blood shot red eyes after wearing them for a few hours. She gave me a pair to take home to do a trial run for a few days to see how they feel in my eyes without any pressure in purchasing them at the time I was there. Unfortunately, the minus 2 stars came from billing of my visit. One of the front desk rep told me with my insurance it covers $20 for the exams today and $150 in purchasing new glasses or contacts. I thought that was great. I specifically asked culinary insurance what they cover in the exams both glasses and contacts.. the rep replied a few times by telling me I only pay a copay of $20 for both exams. I asked her are you sure and she told me again that I only pay the copay of $20 for both. I thought I was getting the regular contact lenses exam like I always do, but I had a "special fitting" fee that costs me $200, which I was never told about this charge until After my exam was done and I'm standing at the front desk asking me to pay for it. I explained to the gentleman at the front I wasn't told about this fee before it was done nor did culinary even mention anything about a special fitting fee for $200. I told him I asked culinary twice in person about the fees & what this insurance covers. Never once did they mention this at all nor did anybody in the office before it was performed. If I knew about this, before trying on the contacts and getting it checked, which this is the first to charge me a fee for doing so. I would have never gone through with it, since my original purpose was to get new glasses, but  the Dr. told me my prescription for glasses is the same, so I wouldn't need a new pair. So I was open to try new contact lenses if there was one that would suit my eyes better. I understand the $20 copay and $90 copay for contact lenses fitting for regular eyes that culinary pays for, but nobody told me about the $200 "special fitting" contact lenses they have to charge me for. I've gone to CA, where the exams are included w/ the purchase of glasses or contacts. No extra fees! So instead of paying $20 copay, I owed $130. He then went to the back & brought out the billing person for all this & tried to explain to me why they charge this fee. I told her I wasn't told about this fee from the beginning, nor during from anybody, only when I was checking out and that's not right. That is something I should've been told, since the only reason I came here in the first place, they take culinary & only pay $20 copay. It would be proper and common courtesy to be informed before going through the fitting. I told her if I knew about that fee, I would Never done it. I was only told I didn't have to dilate my eyes if I decided to do a new method of taking a picture of my eyes for an extra fee of $39. I passed on that offer & went for the dilation of my pupils. I asked her if she can reimburse this transaction or if I can give the contact lenses, solutions back to her, so I didn't have to deal with this unknown fee. I didn't Need a fitting, just a prescription! She told me I'll be right back. Minutes go by... I waited very patiently then she tells me well since the Dr. & nobody in the office told you about this special fitting fee, we discounted the fee for you, so since $90 is covered by insurance from $200. We'll only charge you $30 plus $20 copay. I had enough. Said that's fine, paid and left. I'm not happy that I was never told about this from the beginning, but instead After when I'm checking out and still had to pay some of that "special fitting" fee. Would u be happy? My whole family goes here, my Father is good friends & even works with the Dr's Uncle.. my brother went to high school with the Dr's Husband They all recommended me to come here & get slapped w/ a special fitting fee without even being told beforehand.. the principles behind that.. That makes me quite angry & upset. That's Not how you do business in any place! I just wanted to renew my prescriptions & get the benefits from having insurance Finally. I even had to ask for the disposable sunglasses, since my eyes were dilated. I could have burned my eyes out. I threw those trial pairs away that very day. Not happy at all and got blood shot eyes by what I experienced here.  First & last recommendation place that I'll ever consider from my family. My Mother said that's not right?! Maybe your Father should have went with you to be treated better? I told her, I shouldn't have to.
4	Dr. Hsueh is a wonderful, thorough, and caring OD. She makes sure you understand what she is doing throughout the exam, and asks you if you have any questions for her.  I like that.Once my Rx was determined, I was put in the capable hands of JR (RJ?) who helped me pick out a frame. He was very friendly and professional as well. So glad EYE found this place ... It LOOKS like EYE found an OD worth SEEing again. Hope this reVIEW helps you choose Dr. Hsueh too.
5	My family has been going to I Care Optometry for 6 years now. The customer service is great, the consultants aren't pushy, and the quality of the lenses and frames are unmatched. In and out within 40 minutes every time. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Dr. Karen has been our family optometrist for several years now. My family loves her. The other day my mom wanted me to take her so that I could help her pick out a frame. The receptionist at the front was very courteous. After she checked our insurance, JR helped us with the frames. He was nice and accommodating and always had a smile. Customer service is what sets businesses apart, especially at Doctor's offices. Thank you for making our visit a pleasant experience!
5	My whole family goes here! Complete care, knowledgable, patient dr with great bedside manner. Nice selection of glasses. I recently changed my insurance that they do not accept, but I still come back. Lol. Staff has always been very courteous and they really take care of their patients.
1	I went here for the first time in April, in all it was the worst experience ever, total waste of my time and money! Scheduling was easy which is what attracted me here, I got to the office and experienced a pretty long wait but wasnt detoured yet as the staff was pleasant and the office was clean, I had my eye exam and got my RX only to find out after getting my glasses that the Doc misread my RX and gave me a prescription that was the complete opposite of what my eyes really are for example I was given a near sighted prescription for being far sighted. Anyhow, after returning for another visit to get the correct prescription (over which time my insurance had lapsed) the facility had incompetence problems contacting the insurance company to let them know that it was the Doctors mistake in writing the wrong prescription and that the glasses must be re made.  I spoke to the insurance  company and they said the glasses would be covered if the clinic could call and explain about the Doctors mistake, I guess this clinic has too much pride because after running in circles with the clinic and trying to get them to call the insurance to explain the reason (doctors mistake) behind the remaking of the glasses I got no result.  I begged for help from the clinic for months to correct this error but they never held to their part.  I am only allowed one Glasses prescription a year and they money I paid went to these glasses that I never got because of the practices negligence.  Hundreds of dollars I spent and no glasses (I returned the glasses to the clinic to remake), I could have forked out a couple hundred more but totally not worth it!  Dont go here they dont really care!  In my terrible experience here I did find a great place to get glasses online if you do already know your prescription, check it out.. it beats paying hundreds of dollars to a clinic that dosnt give a crap about you and your hard earned money! It is now July and I still never got a refund or my glasses dealing with this terrible I Care Optometry!  Here is the site for glasses if you want to avoid a horrid place like this one!  Zennioptical.comI hope everyone steers clear of this place, money hungry, non caring!
5	Just had my first experience with this office. The girl at the front desk was really helpful in checking my insurance benefits and willing to help me in my search for new eyeglasses. (I didn't get her name but she was super nice). JR was the optician who helped me out, he was also very helpful and friendly. He had me browse around and pick out frames and then calculated how much it would be for me. Probably the easiest transaction I've ever done for glasses, and I got 2 pairs !! He wasn't pushy like other opticians that I've had over the years and I really appreciated that. He really took his time with me and I left happy and excited to get my new glasses! I will definitely be returning!So like, they quoted me 7-10 business days for my glasses and I always expect the 10 business days but they called me Monday morning ! Awesome! 2 pairs of eyeglasses within 3 business days
5	Not only are the optometrists great, but the staff as a whole is extremely accommodating and professional.  I have been going to I Care Optometry for over two  years now.  I have seen both Dr. Hsueh and Dr. Wong.  Would highly recommend them.  In addition, the lens and contacts specialist JR is excellent.  He is extremely helpful and will always work with you to ensure your eyes look and feel great.  They accept VSP and other major insurance companies.  This place does not disappoint and I would highly recommend them anytime.
5	If you're looking for a great eye doctor, Dr. Hsueh is amazing. She's thorough and informative~ It's obvious that she takes great care and interest in her patients. Also, they have a great selection of frames that are contemporary - low to high end - which made it that much easier to find a style that fit my face (bc I always have a tough time finding a frame that I like)! JR really took the time to help find a pair for my hubby and I, without  making us feel rushed, even though it was past closing time~ I especially appreciated the fact that he didn't try to include things to my lenses that I didn't need. We've never had an eye doctor that we were particularly loyal to, but I think now we have someone we'll stick with!
