5	Is it sad that one of the fantasies I harbor closest to my heart is to be on NPR someday? I LOVE NPR, and Charlotte's station is as good as it gets. When I'm traveling, I get really pissy when I get out of range...all NPR is good stuff, but I know when all the programs will be on my local one, and I'm familiar with all their voices.Their coverage of local issues is top-notch, like all the recent information on the bailouts, the Wachovia failure, and the impact on our local economy. I haven't found anywhere else to get this kind of detailed, nuanced information in the Charlotte media. Charlotte Talks is awesome. They also do a great job of covering local events. I hear more about what's coming up in the community from the little mentions in NPR than anywhere else on television, print, or online...and certainly more than other radio stations.I know I'm becoming an old lady when I don't know what's hot on the radio, but I can tell you what's hot on NPR...Sigh.
3	Capable NPR outpost. If the tape deck isn't on en mi carro, 90.7 is.SciFri is awesome. Weekday morning announcers and pacing is great, tightly run, Sunday and late night schedules are appropriately weird (This American Life reruns I could do without, but Echos is decent). By the end of a pledge drive it seems most have trouble hiding their exhaustion but that just makes me giggle at their slip ups. Cute that they recently came to "meet the people" at a Revolution Pizza trivia night and brought coozies, window decals, awesome. So why the three stars? Because listening to Charlotte Talks for longer than 10 minutes inevitably increases my blood pressure. How many times can one anchor laugh at his own jokes, while mispronouncing some key name, while ALSO managing to cut whoever he's interviewing off mid-sentence, before he get's tossed out on his toukas? Ditch the dork, FAE! I wanna listen, but he makes my ears hurt.
5	Charlotte's NPR news station - 90.7 fm. Excellent local news coverage and be sure to check out Charlotte Talks at 9am weekdays, they cover all kinds of topics. I don't listen to anything else.
5	This is my favorite NPR affiliated station....EVER. I know. Charlotte Talks can be smug. I hate People's Pharmacy. My God- what is Says You?? However, the rest of the programming is top of the line stuff. You might think this is normal. Go on a road trip and listen to other stations. They play too much Jazz. They have NO local programming (as much as I complain about Mike Collins being smug- it is excellent to have a local program like it and I'm starting to not mind it)Keep doing what you are doing because you make me so happy on my way to work and on my way home. I also listen to you on the weekends. I have been a sucker for NPR since I was a little girl. I know a good stations and this is one of them. This is starting to sound like an awkward love letter.I don't even mind the fundraising. You have to make money somehow. The whole line about paying for a magazine subscription or cable TV always gets me.....
