4	Whenever I want to go have a nice sit down lunch this is my absolute favorite. Although it isnt much to look at from the outside, its very comfortable on the inside. The food is so fresh. The waitresses are very prompt. We always take our clients here. If you are near the Airport and want to have an awesome lunch business or otherwise this is the place!
2	My husband and I went for breakfast.  We won't be back again.  It wasn't bad it just was nothing special.  It has been around forever, the waitress was efficient but no smiles.  The decor is very 70's and never updated.  The price is average.
3	Last summer, to kick off a west coast road trip, my family and I flew out to Phoenix, where our trip would commence. We arrived in Phoenix at around 9:30 am local time, and by the time we picked up our luggage and rental car, it was almost 11 am. Since we flew over from the east coast and had not eaten since early that morning, we were ridiculously hungry. However, that day also happened to be the day of the highly anticipated US-England World Cup soccer match, so we also wanted to watch the game. In need of a site with food and televisions, we decided to look for a sports bar or pub. But I guess just about everyone in Phoenix wanted to watch the soccer game at a bar, too, because all of the sports bars that we passed by were full. Who knew that Arizonans (or Americans, for that matter) followed soccer? Anyway, long story short, our search kept turning up duds until our GPS navigated us to Rodehouse Restaurant. The nearly empty restaurant, large televisions, and our groaning stomachs all conspired to pull us into the restaurant. My jubilation at finally getting a chance to sit down and eat quickly vanished when I noticed that, though the game was not even 10 minutes old at that point, England was already up 1-0. Sigh.Anyway, about the restaurant: we ordered a couple of burgers and salads. The Cobb salad was actually pretty large and substantial, containing a good amount of chicken, egg, avocado, bacon, and cheese. The chili cheeseburger, a behemoth of a burger, was tasty, as the thick, hearty chili definitely hit the spot. Messy, but damn tasty. Oh, and the Tavern Fries (I think that's what they were called) served with the burgers were good as well. All in all, the food was solid, but nothing blew my mind away. We stayed for the duration of the game, giving a large whoop when the US tied game on Dempsey's goal courtesy of the English keeper's gaffe. The waiter was nice and didn't mind that my family and I lingered at the restaurant for the length of the game, long after we had finished our meals, so props for that. The Rodehouse Restaurant is not particularly special, but it more than served its purpose as a place where we could watch the game and get some good grub.
3	One of the closer places to eat near PHX. Food was okay. Waitress could've cared less if I was there or not. Perhaps it'll get better towards evening. Inside decor has style. Lesson learned: don't trust the recommendation of a rental car porter.
3	great little hole in the wall to get away... Had the ham n swiss burger,, (swapping cheese allowed) and the chips were great,, and so were the sweet potato chips,,mmm delish,, only down side was only 1 beer on tap... Bud Light.. Friends promote this place and havent had anything bad yet..
3	This was our first meal at a restaraunt post plane ride after living in Germany for almost six years. We were excited to get some American-style grub after such a long time. It's a nice cozy little place. We sat down and were served a big cold pitcher of Coke (with ice!). I thought I was going to drown I drank so much. I ordered the chicken quesadillas, my wife and daughter ordered the chicken with chips, and my son got the "Rodehouse" burger with Tavern chips. My quesadillas were average(could have done with a little more cheese), but they blew away every "Mexican" dish we ever ordered in Germany. The wife and kids seemed to enjoy thier meals and the price was about average. I honestly enjoyed my Coke more than anything else, which must be weird for anyone to hear. If you could give 3 and half stars, I would, because I thought the service was pretty good.
4	So I like to stay at this best western cause they have a bar and restaurant. Took someone's advice and ordered the Ruben. It was ridiculously disgusting haha. She was cool about it and took it off my bill after I told her it was ok and to leave it on the bill. They pour heavy drinks so that makes up for it. Ill totally stay here again but probably eat dinner somewhere else. Jenny is easy on the eyes.
4	I frequent this place for lunch and happy hour with the coworkers. As of yet, I haven't had a bad experience here. So far the food is great, especially the Chicken Chilean. There are a few waitresses that could improve their customer service. But the service in the bar is great. Always smiling and ready to take care of you.
4	Had breakfast here this morning.  The service was great, fast and friendly.  I ordered coffee and water and they gave me a carafe of each to keep the beverages flowing.  This was great!  I had eggs, hash browns & biscuits and gravy.  The food was tasty and came out super fast.  I give this place four stars for the food, service and ample supply of coffee and water.  No waiting for the waitress to get refills - something every restaurant should do!  Linger if you like or catch a quick bite.  Nice start to my Monday morning!
4	This had to be the best hole in the wall in Phoenix. This quickly became our go to place when we are looking for a place to hang out after work. It's close to work, comfortable and the perfect noise level to enjoy the people we are with. The prices are fantastic, especially at happy hour. The staff are typically very attentive and always have a great attitude. This place is the closest I have found to the small town bars where I am from. You won't regret coming here!
5	My husband and I had our flight cancelled. The airline recommended  the Best Western, when we arrived we noticed that the RodeHouse was attached  to the hotel. We went down to get a drink and Sierra the bartender was awesome, she greeted us  like she new us. Her attitude is great. Very personable, positive , and best of all very happy. You can tell she enjoys her job. This was the person we needed to see since, we were flying from Chicago, sitting at the airport and then cancelling our flight . We were very frustrated. Thank you Sierra for making it a positive trip. The drinks she recommended  was fantastic.
