5	Great time friendly staff.  The Monte Cristo Sliders are amazing if you eat anything try that. This place is a lot better than the Tavern. Can't wait till they start to brew beer.  The set up looks cool.  I really like the see thru beer cooler above the bar. Not many places do that.
5	This place is great! After I had my breakfast, the manager walked over and asked me how everything was going. He informed me that it was only their 2nd day open! I would have never guessed. This place already works like a well oiled machine. Awesome atmospheric, fun staff, good food and bottomless mimosas. Do I need to say more?!
5	Great place to gorge of some really decadent food with a couple of the great beers on tap. The happy hour is a must on the weekdays.
4	I think Blasted Barley is right on pace for the changing Mill Ave with USAA and State Farm adding another 40 - 50,000 new mid to high class jobs to Tempe in the next year. The price point may be slightly high but Mill Aves lasting business is the businesses not the college kids anymore. As seen most college driven bars close after the spring and summer hits. Most are going to Old Town Scottsdale these days. They have seemed to bring that unique feel with oversized pong, skeeball, brewer vats, wood grain and more. I'm sure the prices will go down a bit once it starts to get a bigger following. Cool spot, worth stopping through if your hip, fun and like a good brew.
4	Both times I've been here the bartenders have been friendly, the beer (of which there is a great selection) has been cold and the food has been delicious. They've only been open a few weeks, but so far it looks like they've got a good thing going. It will be interesting to see if they're able to keep it up as they get busier, but I'm very much looking forward to this becoming a frequent stop on Mill.
5	Impressive. The food was great. Atmosphere was pretty awesome.
3	Been here twice.  Nice atmosphere but does not particularly stand out in the area. I have had a few beers, closed tab and moved on. Meh...
4	A nice revision of the previous Tavern and I think, good use of one of those classic brick buildings that make up much of the historical development on Mill Avenue. The owners of Blasted Barley wisely made a decision to implement the windows that open up the bar to the outside when the weather is good - something popularized in the creation of HandleBar grill by the Fork and Dagger consortium, which runs so many good eating places on Mill. I also like the outside seating layout and of course, the prominent view of the brewing equipment, which should go into production any day now.As for eating experience, I will say that the mix of light type on the menus and low lighting can make for a challenging reading experience. Though the faded type is cool, it isn't all that functional so please, back to dark, solid font on the menu and the happy hour menu - I had to get the bartender to help me find a nice Belgian from the menu and even she had some trouble reading down the list - so maybe some larger type as well.As for the food and drink, not necessarily in that order, they do adjust the glass for the beer one is drinking, which is a nice nod to proper craft beer treatment. I also had the traditional wings off the happy hour list and quite good - seasoned but not overly saucy and served in a nice stainless steel bowl that was rather functional an unique. I hope to come back and try the curried cauliflower sliders.Finally, I found the culture of the establishment to be a bit of a cultural mishmash with both craft brew on tap, but also beer from traditional large beverage providers, but that may just be an economic necessity due to the location. If those beers don't sell I hope Blasted Barley considers pulling them from a menu as they don't align with the craft beer and distillery brand that I think Blasted Barley is using to differentiate itself. If nothing else, carry those in the bottle but not on tap. Finally, tried the barrel aged cocktail on tap - hmmm, a bit heavy on the orange peel flavor - I recommend calling it a barrel aged variation of the old fashioned versus a name referring to something provocative as I'm assuming another part of the brand mission is popularizing classic cocktails - I'd like to see that aspect of what this establishment can bring to Mill emphasized and I think there is the population to support that sort of quality cocktail emphasis.Suffice to say, I like Blasted Barley but I think it is working through a bit of an identity crisis - traditional college bar or cater to that strain of gentrification wafting through the halls of historical development on Mill Avenue? Suffice to say, I'll be stopping by and watching the possible changes but Blasted Barley is a step in the right direction.
5	Good choice of craft beers and the food was great.  The hamburger bun was bordering on amazing.
