5	We got a screaming deal on a dishwasher a month ago (or so we thought), because it had been a display item.  In actuality, the unit never ran properly.  After using it the first time, we noticed water under the unit and the fridge next to it.  Spencer's won't  repair GE products, so we were directed to the manufacturer.  Before the service provider arrived, we opened the unit and a repair ticket from Spencer's flew out.  Apparently, the unit was defective and Spencer's knew about it.  The ticket reads, "leaks from the bottom"..."main pump flange not on - no clamp."  After the first two manufacturer service calls, the unit was still leaking water.  We called Spencer's to ask if we could obtain a new unit.  The salesman said we got a "smokin' deal" so we couldn't get a replacement unit.  The obvious problem with his reasoning is that something is only a good deal if it actually works.  In our case, not only does the unit not work, our floors are damaged.  We got nowhere with the salesperson and were left to navigate the GE claims process on our own.  Frustrated and angry do not begin to describe our feelings on the situation.Our terrible experience was completely redeemed by Joe Zamora, who I assume is the store manager.  When Joe learned of our problem, he reached out to us and  asked what he could do to resolve the situation.  Our dishwasher was replaced with a brand new unit the very next day (and on a side note, the delivery guys were great).  We thought we'd been blown off and left to deal with a corporate giant; instead, our concerns were addressed, options were presented, and our needs were met.  Spencer's made this right.  Spencer's has proved they are aware, concerned, and ready to meet or exceed expectations- very impressive in an age where customer service is waning.
2	Brian was helpful and not pushy but delivery was a nightmare. Had to wait for a call somewhere between 7am and 10am for delivery that day. Delivery then set for 1330. To 330. 4:00 came and went with no call or refrigerator. Called delivery man. No answer. Called Spencer's  and they couldn't get ahold of delivery man either. Delivered at 530 with two scratches. Refrigerator refused. They promised a new refrigerator next day. Late the next morning told other refrigerator also damaged. We  were offered a different refrigerator we didn't like, a small discount to take damaged unit. We cancelled the transaction. Won't use Spencer's again. Too bad. I like to buy local
5	Our washing machine broke down  on Sat, never a good thing on wash day. So we went to Spencer`s Appliances in Mesa not only did we find the perfect washer for the right price but I had it home and running in under 1 Hour. VERY HAPPY
