3	Cold stone is a classic staple of the wonderful Vegas ice cream eateries. This location houses all my favorites like birthday cake remix and peanut butter cup perfection. Overall, the location is fast, friendly, and clean.
3	I like the creaminess of the ice cream here...I do enjoy the Birthday Cake Ice Cream. I had the Birthday Cake ice cream mixed with blueberries and marshmallows-Yummers!!!My daughter had the Birthday Cake ice cream mixed with brownies-Yummers too!!!!The Cinnamon ice cream and sweet cream ice cream are good as well.Because of the calories I don't frequent this place often(I'd rather waste my calories on a cupcake) This location is fast and clean and delivers total ice cream happiness,Oh and there's also a location in Guam!!!!
3	You can mix ice cream with candy. Do you really need much more reason or review? :-)
4	ok, finally a good review...greeted with friendliness and a smile. We ordered peanut butter perfection and cheesecake with blueberries. They were fast and friendly and the ice cream was fantastic...if you're a peanut butter fan, you must try!
4	2 words " Oreo Overload"
1	Ok, I love ice cream and normally I would LOVE cold stone; however I went there today after lunch and was highly annoyed at the service.  I brought with me a coupon which I get through E-mail about once avery 2 months.  It's a Buy One Get one Free (BOGO).  The young girl said she didn't think I could use this coupon and tried to call her manager on the phone, the manager didn't answer and so I was told I can't use it.  I have used the same E-mail coupons on at least 2 other occasions at the same place.  it says BOGO for Cold Stone so why wouldn't I be able to use it.  Now the coupon expires in 2 days so it will be useless.  I went there with a friend specifically for this purpose, what a waste of my time.  If the ONLY girl working there doesn't know the rules, train them better.  Seriously, the girl was cute and firendly, but what the heck???
4	There's nothing like an Oreo Overload from Cold Stone.  So when The Better Half and I passed one during a recent trip to Vegas, we had to stop and get some.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-stone-creamery-las-vegas-2?select=UYwICGoMSIqDQqwELaCb1Q#UYwICGoMSIqDQqwELaCb1Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-stone-creamery-las-vegas-2?select=FFhELO6xAnVo_Eq2E2nazg#FFhELO6xAnVo_Eq2E2nazgThe employees at this store hooked us up and made ours with a ton of Oreos/Chocolate Chips/Caramel....much more than we normally get at the stores we visit in Scottsdale.  When you get the craving for Ice Cream, you have to satisfy it!Return Factor - 90%
2	I didn't like the staff here.  They are not very friendly or attentive.  I understand that Cold Stone is just a ice cream joint, but I think they just wanted everyone to get ice cream and get going.  In addition, they seem to spill all over the serving cup.  The cup was sticky even after they wiped it clean with some cloth.  I am definitely not going back even though I love cold stone ice creams.. I am willing to drive to another location for it even though this is the closest to where I live.
3	i honestly have one huge dislike about this spot. Its right outside of the gym! Too bad its not bulking season.  But aside from that this cold sone is always a good pick.  The staff wasnt overly helpful but just did their job, not too bad, not too great.
1	Service and ice cream was fine. My complaint is about the condition of the restroom. Absolutely DISGUSTING!!! There was a dead baby roach under the  filthy sink. If there is a baby, there are obviously more!! The toilet was so filthy I didn't even want to go near it. I refused to let my 4 year old daughter use it. There is graffiti on the paper towel dispenser as well as the back of the door. In white writing on the back of the door it says "only fags write this" with an arrow pointing to some other graffiti. They were not busy when we were there today, someone could tend to that bathroom! When I told the cashier, she just said "I know." I realize this a public restroom, but for the price of their ice cream, I should be able to use a clean restroom when I'm there. Soooo incredibly gross!!!
3	Is there anything not to love about Cold Stone? Until some company creates and sells a birthday cake ice cream with chocolate shavings, coconut, and M&Ms, I'll be a Cold Stone patron. (Give it a try - it's a delicious combo!) This particular Cold Stone doesn't exactly move quickly and seems to be quite popular with the high school kids wanting to party hard. But hey, I suffer through that to get my ice cream creation fix.
4	It's great ice cream but a tiny bit pricy. I found the staff to be friendly and prompt.  The bathroom looked not too clean. The shop and tables were a little sticky. The place was good but the prices are relatively high for what little I got. I'll be back but not soon. I'm looking for full time employment so what I do spend has to be 5 stars to be worth using my plastic!
4	I can never tell if this Cold Stone is open or close. When I went late at night, the lights looked semi-off, like the lights you'd see at stores that leave their lights on during the night, and I didn't see any customers or employees inside. The next time I managed to realize it was open, but only because a customer walked in while I was debating. Still didn't see an employee through the glass walls until the customer walked in. The time after that, I came way too late, but the lights and inside still looked the same. I finally figured out their business hours so I know when to go and when not to.I've tried Oreo Overload and The Pie Who Loved Me flavors from the signature creations on their menu, but you can always create your own mixture. They're so delicious that my diet automatically groans whenever I pass by Cold Stone. The location looks clean and depending on when you go, you'll have a friendly employee or a not friendly employee. You never know.It's all about the ice cream though, at least for this location.
5	I come into this location frequently, I usually get mediocre service, not expecting the world. This past few weeks, my family and I come in and are welcomed by a young lady named Kylie. She makes everyone feel like there is no rush and gets out order correct 100 percent of the time! Whoever hired some life in this place did a great job by hiring this chick. Thanks!!
2	We come here frequently because it's close to our house,  but it's ice cream and when I need a fix....I nEEd a fix =) but the customer service leaves alot to be desired. No friendly smiles or happy helpful attitude(s). I have my favorites (oreo overload & chocolate devotion) but I've seen others come in not sure of what they want and the workers almost seem annoyed and in a hurry...I guess ice cream is enough to make me happy so I keep coming back....for now, after all DQ is not too far and the service has always been great there.
