5	Spectacular exhibits.  The Hall of Architecture is one of my favorites.  The  holiday Tree Display is fun with the six 20 feet trees decorated in different themes each year.  Some great art work including Monet...one of my favorites.  Many other great pieces of art are in the collection at the museum  Also, some newer or rediscoved art is on display.The museum changes some exhibits during the year.  One of the most enjoyable exhibits to me is the new B&W photograpy...The Teenie Harris photography is fun to see thru someone else's eyes...people...the urban landscape and some old signs in black and white.   Another exhibit is...Picturing the City...fun great pictures of Pittsburgh and sports fans.U can spend an hour or all day and the price is very good, especially compared to some other places.
5	I am a member of the Carnegie Museums and I particularly love going to the Museum of Art.  They have a couch that sits right in front of a huge Monet "Water Lillies," and that's one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh.  There's lots to see, paintings, sculpture, furniture, photography, architectural exhibits and more.  The special exhibits are great to visit, as is the permanent collection.  I would recomend the Carnegie International, a marvelous Modern Art exhibit at the Carnegie that happens every 5 years.
5	Simply beautiful. Glorious galleries filled with top quality artists. The contemporary art gallery is a touch weaker than some of the ones focusing on older art. Absolutely loved the furniture and design wing. Lucky, lucky Pittsburgh.
5	I enjoyed this museum so much that shortly after the visit, I became a member.Just the Hall of Architecture alone is worth the visit.  I don't believe that there is anywhere else in the world to see so many amazing plaster casts of architectural wonders.Visit in the Christmas season to see amazing 20 feet tall trees themed to a current exhibit and the Neapolitan Presepio.  It is a stunning manger scene that was constructed between 1700 and 1835 with amazing detail.There is a good mix of time periods and styles and I love the chronology approach to the galleries.   In fact, the only thing I don't enjoy is the Modern "Art".  Mostly because many of the pieces look like something I could have created myself.Overall, one of the better art museums I've been to and well worth a visit while you are in Pittsburgh.
4	I enjoyed this museum so much during my short trip to Pittsburgh. It's connected to the Museum of Natural History Museum and is a big museum that would probably take me about 3-4 hours to see every section of it.I thought the price was a bit pricey (even for student tickets), but still found it being worth the time there.
4	Great art museum - for its small size, it boasts some really amazing pieces, and all of the rotating exhibitions I've been to have been impressive. As others mention, the Hall of Architecture is incredible - those plaster casts are masterpieces unto themselves, and I would be that it is no longer possible to make replicas in this manner.The current Japanese art exhibit is amazing - the centerpiece is the ivory eagle, created from numerous pieces of ivory assembled into a grandiose presentation.I usually pass on the performance art or short film displays, as these sorts of things are a bit lost on me. It's good to know that someone will give these guys their day in the spotlight, however, in true Warhol-ian spirit.Will definitely be back!
4	I'll start off by saying that I know I only saw a small portion of the overall museum (and I wish I was able to see the natural history side too). Despite that, I thought that this was a very beautiful museum and the exhibits were done very nicely. The Egypt section was probably my favorite and while the hall containing the sculptures was nice, it was kind of a bummer to find out that the majority of them are replicas. I would definitely recommend this to any art or history lovers out there and don't forget to go next door and see the dinos!
2	The most uneven museum I've ever visited.There are some nice pieces, but the determination on layout, grouping. lighting, and flow is not good. Every room, aside from the vaguely Asian area, and the purple room, are just bright white messes. There no vibe or real comfort in the displays or the inside of the building, as a whole. We didn't sneak over to the Natural History half, but the Art Museum portion didn't do much for us. It's also a bit pricey in the museum realm, at $17.50 a head.
4	A bit small but they do have some art from some pretty famous people such as Vincent van Gogh and Claude Monet.  I'm a bit disappointed at the lac of Andy Warhol paintings but I guess it's understandable since he has his own museum that is also in Pittsburgh.  It's always interesting to see what is on display at their temporary installations as well.  You never really know what to expect.
5	The kids love getting a little culture.
5	The art here goes back centeries, very cool to see how different art was then to now and how it has progressed. It's alot of walking to see everything, but well worth it. make sure to plan ahead and give yourself time.
3	Cool selection of art. I'm not really an art person, and I've seen too much similar elsewhere for me to find this really interesting. Still, they do have a couple of unique items, and there's some Pittsburgh history here too. You can get into this and the Natural History Museum on the same ticket which is great.
3	The friendliness factor needs a lot of work as well as just having manners.   Also many display windows were dirty.Still a beautiful museum but hire friendlier more mature minded employees.
