4	I love this store because they stock high quality food products for my dogs and they take the time to educate people on what they are feeding their pets.  The staff is always friendly and helpful and the prices are very reasonable compared to some of the other higher end pet stores.
2	went to pet planet and this time it is 3 strikes and you are out! 1) we called about using the self bath for our pups and no one called us back for 2 days!  2) we showed up today to purchase the same dog food only to discover they no longer take AmX, but the SAME food had gone up 20% in 4 months; that's 3. We want to purchase at smaller businesses, but no more!
4	I didn't know that this place existed before last night, but after meeting some friends for dinner a few doors down, I noticed it and went in.  It was perfect timing since I was in the market to get Minnie some new treats and salmon oil to help with her joints.Haley was working and was friendly and helpful.  When I asked about salmon oil options, she showed me immediately the two different brands they carry.  She didn't hard sell at all, which I liked.  She also recommended some treats that her dogs like (which Minnie also enjoyed).  While Pet Planet isn't exactly convenient to where I live, and I may not go out of my way to return, I would not hesitate to stop by when in the area to stock up on stuff for my pup.  While they currently don't carry the Wellness line of food that I feed Minnie, they do offer quite a variety of other options.  Prices are moderate and of course, they are locally franchised (or so it appears from their website).  There are five locations here in the valley.  It's also probably worth noting that they do not accept AmEx.  Regardless, whether you're in the market for treats, toys, supplements, food, or accessories for your pet, this place is worth checking out!
5	Cats puke. I'm not disillusioned or unrealistic. Hairballs, food wolfed down too fast, bits of string or packing material that somehow looked appetizing. I'd nearly eliminated the hairball situation with these little nuggets I got on Amazon, but one of the cats kept puking just bile. Like, every other day. Often on the bed. He was otherwise fine, acting cute and stupid as normal, no weight loss. The vet said something about a protein sensitivity (?) and to try switching to one of those single ingredient foods. Oh, and it might take up to 6 weeks to see a change. If he's still having trouble, we sell this [exorbitantly expensive] partially pre-digested food. I dropped a chunk of change on fancy Blue Buffalo food from PetSmart and yet the vomiting continued. Then one day, after a mani/pedi, my friend wanted to pop into this pet store to see if they carried her dog's food. For shits and giggles, I asked the guy working there about my situation. He said the cat was having trouble digesting the food and so adding digestive enzymes should make that easier and eliminate the puking. Given that the vet had suggested that pre-digested food (um, yuck), this made sense. Then the guy went on to say that pumpkin contains the enzymes in question. Just mix a little in their food, and you'll see a change in 3 days if that's the problem. I probably laughed at him, but bought a $3 can of their fancy organic pumpkin puree either way as well as a handful of cat toys from the bins. He threw in a ton of samples of single ingredient foods, which I thought was nice. Two weeks later? The only puke around these parts is string or tinsel from one of the glittery toys I bought that day (ah, irony). Unbelievable! I went back and to Pet Planet and got all the food he recommended, as well as powdered digestive enzymes. The cats go apeshit over the food -- they love it more than anything I've ever bought at PetSmart. Awesome!!! I am so grateful for this place.
5	I posted this review for the Via Linda location as well, but since my experience involved both locations, I wanted to give this store the positive review as well. My boyfriend and I are very picky when it comes to our three dogs. We'd been to Pet Planet a few times just to browse and pick out a few new treats here and there. Once, they had a pet adoption event going on and the people running it allowed me to take a sweet puppy out of her crate and carry her around the store and love on her while we shopped. It made my day. Anyway, this most recent time I was desperately searching for some allergy relief for my 5 pound Chihuahua. She's always had terrible environmental allergies year-round, but they'd gotten worse over the previous month or so. I've tried every allergy med in the book, from homeopathic to Benadryl to prescription, and nothing had worked for her. She was having sneezing fits, horribly runny eyes and nose, what they call backwards sneezing fits where she chokes on her own mucus, and you could hear when she slept that she was very congested and having trouble breathing. We went to four different natural pet stores this day looking for allergy supplements for her. Unsurprisingly, the other stores had either no allergy supplements, or things I had already tried for her. Pet Planet was our last stop for the day, and I walked in expecting the same answer I'd gotten from the previous three stores. When we walked in the door, we were immediately greeted by the saleswoman, and when we asked about allergy supplements, she quickly went to show us a line of supplements called NaturVet, which she said she sells quite often and has never heard negative feedback about. Unfortunately, they did not have the Aller911 product that she was looking for. She explained that she typically works at their Tatum location, and was certain that they had this in stock. She said that she would call the other store and have them pull the product for us. Because it was a half hour until closing, we said that we didn't want to be "those people", but she insisted, saying "you have my permission to be those people". We ventured across town to their other location, and were greeted by the man behind the counter and someone he was training. He asked if we were looking for the allergy supplements, and pulled out two different types (powder and chewables) and discussed the pros and cons as well as the serving size for each. Since my Chihuahua is picky, we decided to go with the powder, and the salesman took us across the store and showed us different methods of feeding it to her. We eventually settled on wet food, and he browsed the different brands and proteins with us. All in all, both of these people were very well educated about the products in their stores, and had no problems answering any of our millions of questions or offering suggestions.  Not only was the experience in both stores great, but my little dog is the healthiest I've seen her in a long time. All of her symptoms are either much improved or completely gone. This experience left us both very impressed, and we plan to make Pet Planet a go-to stop for our doggies from now on.
5	I bring my grumbly dog in here for a wash every few weeks.  It costs $10 +tax.  The staff is always wonderful!  If you give your dog a bath on Friday you get a free bag of treats for your dog (like a whole bag not a sample bag).  Also they have a private wash room so your dog is not distracted by other dogs, humans etc.  Brando, as you can tell from the photo, is not a fan of baths, so he is better off in a private wash room with his master until he is clean and frolicking.  To top it off the 10th wash is free!  The store has a great selection of toys, treats, food and other fun animal stuff.  I am a big fan of their scented dog poo bags, so it makes my job less smelly and slightly more enjoyable.  Yay Pet Planet!
