5	Oh Wow. Like I said to the bartender as soon as I walked in... in the bar that Jake's previously was, ten years ago, I did some filthy things after some filthy alco-pops.And now, 31, I have grown into a *slightly* different person. Luckily, so has Jake's (formerly Belushi's Hostel Bar). You can say we've grown together. Things I like:High quality beer (i.e. Black Isle, Ayr, Loch ness, Harviestoun, Fordham, Dominion)AmericaScotlandBeer barrel decorRanch DressingHearing myself talkThe Black KeysCute bartenders with dimplesWalking short distancesMy dog Law and Order: Criminal IntentThings that Jake's Place has (or allows for): High quality beer (i.e. Black Isle, Ayr, Loch ness, Harviestoun, Fordham, Dominion)AmericaScotlandBeer barrel decorRanch DressingHearing myself talkThe Black KeysCute bartenders with dimplesWalking short distancesMy dog For some reason they aren't big on Vincent D' Onofrio. Three thumbs up.
4	I have a brother who loves whisky and bourbon, and a boyfriend who loves craft beers. So where better to take them both at the weekend when my bro was visiting?Adjoining St Christopher's Hostel on Market Street, Jake's Place is pretty small. The tables were all full when we arrived, but shortly after ordering some beers one freed up, so tehre we plonked ourselves down for the next few hours. We had a look at the menu and ordered the deep friend haggis patties (YUM), the salted cod croquettes (absolutely delicious and fluffy, if fish can be fluffy?), chicken wings and sweet potato fries. We were impressed with everything on the menu, although it's not huge and a lot of it is deep fried - but I guess that's perfect for soaking up beer!The drinks menu is great too, with lots of American craft beers and lots of Scottish ones too. Not to mention a healthy selection of bourbons and whiskies on offer!The staff were friendly, particularly when the barman arrived with a plate of fries for somebody who had left and another table snapped the freebie up before us. He then turned to us, and in a low whispers, asked if we'd like some free fries too. Hell yeah!I'm not giving it 5 stars, but I did really enjoy my afternoon there. They've made a bit of an effort with the decor, but a little more wouldn't go amiss. The drinks are a bit pricey for bottles too, but this may be down to a lot of them being imported. Still, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Jake's Place. Go!
4	Wow. From the bullet holes in the walls to the oversized beer labels stuck upon them, this place is awesome. When we've had one too many a gin, my friends and I often entertain ourselves silly with the idea of opening a bar, imagining just how we'd run it and spruce it up. (Are we alone in this?) It seems that someone had done the job for us. - Jake's Place is the bar we'd dreamt of with it's candlelit rustic craft beer brand of cool. Although a quick beer stop, we were impressed with the selection of craft beers, the atmosphere and the friendly welcome. It's attached to the hostel next door and to use the toilets, you have to walk through the hostel to use theirs. The bar is so atmospheric so it was a little odd walking through the youth hostel with an entirely different feel. Nonetheless, this didn't take all that much away from the experience. I'll definitely be back to soak up more of Jake's Place!Also, I'm taller than Susan Boyle but just a tad smaller than Tom Cruise. It says so on the celebrity height chart in the corner, of course! Quirky! How do you measure up?
5	Great little bar attached to the st Christopher's hostel. It has a good chill vibe with some great local beers on tap. I can vouch for the dominion Oktoberfest! It has some really good Scottish bar food, deep fried haggis! The chicken wings are great too. The main pub meals are nice big sizes too. The service is excellent and will go out of their way to make sure your food is up to standard.
5	USA USA USA!!!Love this bar, the only real downside is it is too small. Location - right next to Waverley and great stop off for any pub crawl through town. The service is top notch and the guys take time to talk to you - and they know their stuff. Really good range of beers - local and North American. Good whiskies also, not just the usual stuff.Great music also, you could easily lose  afew hours in this place Food looks great too, but I still haven't tried it...
5	Jake's place had been on my radar for a while because I had heard people saying it had a great beer and American food selection. It's a small bar and it's associated with the hostel next door. It's situated near waverly station which makes it ideal for thirsty travellers. The first time I visited I was with my Flatmate. Jake's Place is similar to the Hanging Bat, the Vintage and the Potting Shed in that it serves schooners rather than full pints. We ordered some obscure IPA which was actually quite good (sorry can't remember the name). We were also ordered chicken wings. The wings here are good because they are fresh - fried when ordered. Unfortunately they only come in one flavour. The wings so come with a tasty blue cheese dipping sauce. I found that the staff are very knowledgable when I was trying to decide on a beer. My only issue is that to use the toilets you have to enter the hostel that it's connected to. Tip: if you check-in on the yelp app you get a small portion of sweet potato fries!
3	I'm guessing I was unlucky the night that I went to Jake's Place as every other review seems to rave about this place. They have a large menu of American beers, however, the night I was there the first four I asked for weren't in stock.The burger I had to eat was OK but I can strongly recommend the Sweet Potato chips which were, for me, the highlight of the visit. I'll probably go again to see if I was just unlucky on my visit but won't be particularly rushing back.
