1	==Honey, Why Do You Hate That Sonic So Much?==A tragifarce in one act by Jetta(Drive-Thru at a Sonic. JETTA, a quirky yet attractive woman in her early twenties, sits patiently in her car as the staff inside hustle and bustle to fill her order. She fiddles with the radio. She checks her polish. She turns the car off. A greasy-faced SONIC EMPLOYEE sticks his head out.)SONIC EMPLOYEEHere's your strawberry slush, ma'am.JETTAThank you. Hold on, don't go yet.(JETTA pops the lid to the slush. The cup is filled ENTIRELY WITH FLAVORLESS ICE.)JETTAThis doesn't look like strawberry. I think you gave me the wrong flavor.SONIC EMPLOYEENo, actually, by this time of the day the slush machines freeze over, and they all come out like that. JETTAWhy didn't you tell me that twenty minutes ago when I ordered it?SONIC EMPLOYEEDidn't think you would mind.JETTAMind what, being charged a dollar and some change for a cup of blended ice? You knowingly brought this to me and thought it would be acceptable.SONIC EMPLOYEEI wasn't expecting you to check it.JETTAI want another flavor. SONIC EMPLOYEEOkay.JETTAWait. You're just going to give me another cup of ice.SONIC EMPLOYEEThe machine's frozen. I told you.JETTAJust get me an ocean water. Same size. SONIC EMPLOYEESure thing. (SONIC EMPLOYEE and JETTA exchange cups. She pops open the lid.)JETTAThis is coke. Ocean Waters have sprite.SONIC EMPLOYEESprite machine's out.JETTASo you just thought you'd substitute coke and hope I wouldn't notice? SONIC EMPLOYEE Can I get you something else?JETTAYes. Just get me a coke with some vanilla, cherry, and chocolate flavoring. Please. Thank you.SONIC EMPLOYEE Will you pull up in one of the spaces and wait in the dining area? You're holding up traffic.(JETTA parks her car and walks over to the dining area. She fiddles with an item in her purse, visibly trying with little success to restrain her anger. SONIC EMPLOYEE steps out with soda, a smirk on his face.)SONIC EMPLOYEEA coke with vanilla, coke, and chocolate flavoring for the la-(SONIC EMPLOYEE, now face to face with JETTA, stops in his tracks. JETTA stands a full foot over him, a sneering face atop mannishly broad shoulders. SONIC EMPLOYEE drops the soda to the floor. JETTA looks down. It was water.)SONIC EMPLOYEESorry. Wrong order. I'll be right back.(SONIC EMPLOYEE sheepishly returns with another soda. JETTA opens it in front of them, looking inside. She nods, signaling her minimal satisfaction.)SONIC EMPLOYEEHere's your money.(The SONIC EMPLOYEE hands JETTA a dollar bill and some change. Laughter and stares from the kitchen. The SONIC EMPLOYEE averts his eyes, staring at the spilled cup on the ground below.)SONIC EMPLOYEEHave a good day, ma'am. Thank you for your patience.(JETTA sashays off to her car, sipping happily at her flavored soda. SONIC EMPLOYEE, sulking, returns to the kitchen to ruin someone else's night.)
1	ALERT!!!My husband and his friend had a foot long chili dog yesterday and both of them got sick.  My husband had a somach pain and nausea all night, he couldn't sleep at all.  I'm not sure the food was old or it's a food poisoning.  Hope he will feel better soon but today is a super bowl night.
1	The kids the have working at this location don't give a shit about you or your food screw this place. One of them looked all tweeked out. No go!
4	After reading the previous reviews I was a bit concerned.  I am happy to say that we did not have the same experience.  Service was friendly and professional and food was delivered promptly,  correctly and it tasted great.
3	Sonic Drive Inn Will Do In A PinchSonic Drive-In is is a fun place to visit. Sonic  has waitpeople that roll up to your vehicle on rollerskates to serve your meal. Sonic"s food is average like many other fast food establishments.  However, Sonic has "tattor tots", and who doesnt enjoy an occasional tater tot.  In addition, to tater tots Sonic has hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, onion rings, breakfast items and so much more.So if the kids are hungry Sonic can satisfy in a pinch. I almost forgot 1/2 price shake after 8... and the shakes are great.
5	Good drive through with fast service. They haven't gotten my order wrong yet so far so good. They're corn dogs are good. Beware if you order the Chicago dog, they sometimes forget an ingredient and that jus ruins the hot dog.
3	Wanted a tasty drink (and lunch) from Sonic today. We decided to eat outside instead of the car since it wasn't too hot out. The table needed to be wiped. There were some dead mosquitoes on it. Better than live ones though. I ordered the Chicken Club Toaster (no lettuce, tomato, or mayo), chili cheese tots, and a cherry limeade! The drink was delicious. The tots were also very tasty. The sandwich... meh. They got it right, at least. Just chicken, cheese, and bacon on texas toast, but the taste left a lot to be desired. Almost had a heat lamp taste, even though though I'm sure they just made it... I don't know. Not my favorite. Ketchup couldn't even help it. I didn't even finish the sandwich and was quite full. Need go back sometime for a milkshake.
1	Second time I go there and they mess up my order....asked for no onions on burger and got onions again....the sticker for no onion is even on there....bread was stale and quite frankly when I called to complain no one answered there phone....is rather pay at another place for better service and quality..
