4	I bring my stuff here to get hemmed and tailored. The prices are reasonable and the turn-around is relatively quick. The people who run the joint are friendly and even funny if they get to know you. What's great is that I can stop at BBQ King or Pho Saigon 8 before or after I pick up my clothes because they're in the same strip mall.
4	For hemming the bottom of pants, I trust my dry-cleaning person.  I am 5'2" and I'm kind of a short girl.  Most of the time, the length of the pants that I have are mostly size "Petite" or "Regular"  Well, it is ok to wear in my high heels, but usually just a tiny bit too long :-(   So, I let my dry cleaner , Mr Le to hem my pants. I was introduced to him by my coworker a few years back and I've been happy with his service ever since.  I try to mark them before I take them in and just tell him to hem the pants where I marked them.  Or If I don't have time to pin them down where I want it, I just get there and make sure I'm wearing my dress shoes and have Mr Le pin the hem with the right break in the front and down to the top of the heel in the back.  The price is very reasonable from $6 to $10 per pants depends on the garments and the type of pants. Sometimes, If I need anything other than simple hemming, I go to one of the tailor shops that my friend uses. I think most dry cleaners offer tailoring services, if you want your good clothes to look perfect, you should take the time to find somebody reputable and make the investment in a proper hemming job. To me, Mr Le does a decent job with a great price comparing to others.  He definitely has earned both my dry-cleaning business and my alterations/tailoring business!!!
3	They did not do anything wrong, but I will look for another dry cleaner closer to work or home.  I dropped two pairs of dress slacks off last Friday (12/23/11), which was Christmas weekend.  They gave me a ticket indicating that my items would be ready for pickup on Tuesday (12/27/11) after 5:00 pm and the cost was $5.00.  I came back today (12/28/11) to pick them up.  The parking lot is always crowded and the parking spaces are tiny.  I drive a big truck so coming here frustrates me a little.  There were no other patrons in the store while I was there.  The people working there asked me to help them find my garments.  Apparently the numbering system wasn't working.  They were friendly, but spoke little English, which made communicating difficult.  They explained that the clothes had arrived today.  I guess that means that they don't actually dry clean the clothes in house.  It appears that they do tailoring in house.  It makes me wonder if all dry cleaners send the clothes to one large warehouse somewhere in town.  If so, what is the difference between dry cleaner A and dry cleaner B other than location and prices?  Anyway, I checked out their work.  Everything was satisfactory.  I had some strings hanging about that they did not trim, but I guess that's what you get when you send it out for someone else to do.  Euphoria Fashion is right behind Saigon 8, which is great because I like to eat there.  (Two birds with one stone.)  I really wanted to like this place more, but in the end they are no different than any other dry cleaner that I have been to.  I would recommend them for dry cleaning if you work or live in the area.  Otherwise, find some place closer.
5	came in here after i had a less than welcoming experience at rose's cleaner and alterations.i explained that i wanted my tent rainfly door replaced with some ripstop nylon i had. the guy came right over took a look at it for a few seconds and told me it'll take one week and $30 bucks.wow!the guy was busy working on something and took the time to come over really quick and help me out. even if he told me itd take a month the fact he took the time to stop and take a look was really great service.and for $30 bucks its a great deal. ill definitely bring anything i need to have worked on here. plus dakao sandwiches is next door so thats always a bonus to stop by.
3	Went here based on the recommendations of Jin C and Jieun L. I actually contacted Jin (he's in korea) and asked his opinion of some work he had done 5 months ago and he gave it the A-Okay.So i have a few military uniforms that are just beat the fuck up thanks to a decision to use zippers and velcro instead of buttons. I NEVER had a problem with my Marine Corps utilities but these army utilities are such bull shit...Anyway i purchased some OD velcro off of ebay for cheap and needed old worn velco replaced with the new stuff. So sleeves, down the center of the jacket, and both name tapes i asked to be replaced. I asked that the shoulder patches be left on because worn velco makes it easier to access those pockets and the breast pockets untouched because i dont use those anyway. I was expecting a pretty cheap price because it wasnt that hard of a job and i provided the replacement material. All i needed was the threading and some elbow grease. I was quoted 20 but got bumped down to 15 after suggesting i had more that had to get done, and i do. End result was some damn fine patch work. He even reinforced some sections of the velco that needed it.Overall this place does some quality ass work but when i can buy a surplus jacket for 10 bucks and i have the velcro to replace it on hand but the labor to replace it is 15 to 20 it's a tough decision...Yelp 100 - 036 of 100
5	My favorite cleaners 6 bucks to clean a suit and the best part is its ready the next day. This is also where I get all my pants hemmed and suit jackets taken in.
5	This is the ONLY place I go for tailoring in Las Vegas.  Leo is very talented and experienced. I have had simple hems to fully tailored dresses done and they have come out perfect. I can bring in ANY clothing and Leo can fix it. PROS: Quality work             Experienced tailor             Dry cleaning service              Great location
