3	From the outside this complex looks great but there are some downs.Kassandra was our leasing agent and seemed like the only person that was professional. talked to two other fat people that seemed really laid back and careless.Cons-Bad roach problem- bad pigeon promblem, bird shit everywhere-if your downstair the neighbors above you just sounds like they are constantly moving furniture. -they give you a key to the pool and gym but they never work- the apartments are WAY different from the model.- pool is too small, looks cheap- nothing but yelling kids at the pool- cheap wood kitchen floor.Pros- havent gotten my car broken into yet- or my apartment broken into yet- mostly military neighbors- havent run into any ghetto people.- quiet outside- every one keeps to themselves- great landscapers that keep the place clean
1	Pros: Looks nice from the outsideNice PoolCons: *Had car parts sent to my apartment while I was deployed and my wife went to go pick them up. The manager decides to say "how come your always the one picking up his mail?". Yeah well I'm deployed *Apartment worker lied about security guards walking the complex*My car had it's lug nuts loosened*Bad piegon problem, they poop all over your first steps outside*Apt manager is a pretty big smart_ ss*Maintenance is pretty useless and often I have to do it myself *Neighbors are hit or miss (My neighbor likes to bang on his ceiling when I'm walking around normal and quiet)*Shower is kinda ghetto (It's reverse cold is hot / Hot is cold)Over all I feel like I was lied to by there staff, but that's for you to decide. I would recommend that you look hard before deciding on moving here.
4	Much better than Colonial Grand at Desert Vista.  Quiet place with friendly neighbors. Tons of parking, surrounded on three sides by lots and haven't had to park more than two spaces away from my place in 7 months.  The pool is under some sort of renovation and has no water in it, it's also pretty small but the area surrounding it has plenty of places to sit.  The gym is small and not much equipment but they do have free weights which isn't common for apartments (since they are easy to steal).The attached garages are awesome and direct access carpeted stairs are great if you've ever had community shared stair cases.  The staff was pleasant and worked with us to make our transition from desert vista to palm vista as smooth as possible. They even got our $300 pet deposit from DV and gave it back to us to use at PV.  Very close to Nellis AFB for an easy commute and mostly military neighbors.  There are a bunch of kids around but they are all pretty nice, respectful, and keep to themselves.   The back wall has a ton of dog poop all along it as if NOBODY picks up their dogs which is very annoying and I wish the apartment personnel would address it.  The outside lighting around the buildings are almost all broken, at night it can be extremely difficult to see since the lights are all burnt out or flicker on and off.  My wife doesn't even like to take the dog out at night because it's so dark. Maintenance is pretty good but it depends on who responds to your service request.  Often times they'll come by and say they fixed it when they really didn't. I've had to make service requests multiple times for the same issues and sometimes just fix the stuff myself.  However, if you're descriptive enough and leave a note about how you've made multiple service requests they tend to take you a little more seriously and actually fix the problem. There isn't any security on the property but  I've seen metro patrol cars cruise the the lots a few times... Not sure if they're looking for people or just showing a presence but it's nice to see some form of authority actually inside the property. Overall, I love this place and can see myself staying here long term.
1	Hot tub sucks....jets don't work (half don't work at all). Pool isn't heated and they close it at 9pm (really in Vegas?). Manager is somewhat responsive but that was to get us to move in....since management has been non existent. Don't control pigeon....they let them shit every where... no one trying to control them.  Horrible roach problem when we moved in...had to have pest control weekly for a month to get rid of them.  Was promised upgraded colored paint on walls never happened....again management non responsive.  Kicker they don't allow grace period...rent due on first month if you pay on second they charge you 170 late fee (no shit). Management company is a joke!
1	Lights out, huge pigeon problem, lots of break-ins, a lot of gang activity, forced to pay for cable whether or not you want or use it.
