1	Yu's promises a lot but delivers little. I got their delivery menu on my door the other day and was delighted to see they described themselves as serving "Chinese Food & Sushi". Delivery sushi? Have I died and gone to San Diego? Evidently not.They have two choices for sushi: california rolls and vegetable rolls. I chose the california rolls, but what I got could not be described as a california roll or indeed sushi by anyone who has ever had either. The rice managed to have absolutely no taste even with a ton of soy sauce on it, and the roll instead of crab mix had a pencil-sized chunk of fake crab, a pencil-sized hunk of rock-hard carrot, a similar piece of cucumber with peel, and a teeny tiny sliver of avocado. Seriously, Yu can get at least 100 of these travestries from one 99 cent avocado.The seafood delight consisted of fake crab (seriously, folks, we know you can't sell real crab at these prices but at least have the class to call it "krab". We're white, not stupid) along with lots of shrimp and about two cups of absolutely raw carrot and celery chunks. Is it too much to expect the food to be cooked?Oh, and here's a clue: offer two liter bottles of soda. Your competition does.If you're looking for sushi delivered in Phoenix keep looking. If you're looking for good Chinese, remember this: Not Yu.
4	I really enjoyed my lunch today. I had Orange chicken, fried rice, crab ragoon, and egg roll. The Orange chicken was very good. Lightly breaded and fried WHITE meat. It was covered slightly in a nice Orange glaze served with real carrots, onions, zucchni and real orange hunks too. It was not overly fake orange flavored or overly sweet. It was alot like Bamboo Grill's orange chicken. (One of the best I have had)The fried rice was good but didn't have a real flavor or any kind. It was a little bland. (Maybe ask for spicey fried rice)The egg roll was good and I am not a huge fan of them. It was full adn cooked perfectly. It had a good flavor too. The crab ragoon or whatever they call it was good. Nothing special. The best thing was the price. $4.13 after a 15% discount for trying them out. NOT BAD AT ALL. The deliver too. (As mentioned earlier) PS They serve breakfast too. American style breakfast.
5	Yu can't pass this one up!If you like an overpriced plate of 80% rice, 10% chicken, and 10% heavy, syrupy, cloying, sauce, don't go here - go to Pei Wei or PF Changs (btw PF stands for "Paul Flemming" - sounds like authentic Chinese to me, doesn't it?). If you don't want to eat in a converted 70's era Taco Bell minus the hanging bell (the parapet remains however), then don't go here.  If you think the fortune cookie was invented in China, don't even think about going here.  But...  if you have sense enough to know what authentic Chinese food is, this is your place.  Heck, even if you have chosen to avoid decades of chain smoking in order to preserve one or two taste buds, please visit Yu's.  Yu's has all of the classic Chinese dishes that want to call your mouth home.  They are executed perfectly and all look good enough for the opening screen shot of an episode of "Yan Can Cook."  And all this for dirt-poor bargain prices even my parents could have afforded.  Breakfast?  What do you mean, breakfast?  Yes, they have breakfast too.  Now this is the Southern-California Chinese-American take on breakfast.  I'll fill you in on a little secret.  Even  the Chinese don't like Chinese breakfast.  So, they have adopted some of ours as their favorites.  Examples include pancakes, bacon and eggs, and biscuits with gravy.  Don't go here looking for eggs Benedict.  The Chinese don't eat that for breakfast, and neither should you.  And did I mention they have American desserts as well?  When was the last time you had made-to-order Chinese food followed by a brownie?  So Yu go here and eat.  And if Yu can't make it to the restaurant, and you are lucky enough to live in the gorgeous enclave of Sunnyslop ("e" omitted for emphasis), or even in the quaint hood of Moon Valley, then give Yu a call.  Their delivery driver uses a motorcycle.  Seeing that balancing act is worth the admission price by itself.
2	After passing this remodeled Taco Bell 2 or 3 times a day for the last month, I decided to stop.  The bright white paint and the garlands of little flags announcing the grand opening certainly got my attention.I was hoping to find a great place to add to my list of "carryout on the way home from work."  The place is clean and the people are very nice.  I really wanted the food to be great, but it wasn't.  The food was OK, but nothing to write home about.My egg roll was fine, but my seafood delight really wasn't a delight at all.  I threw all but a few bites away.  The fried rice it was served atop was not very tasty and altogether too greasy.  My friend had a few appetizers with dinner, all of which were tolerable, but not great.  The fried fish was good enough that I would stop if I wanted a quick piece of fish for lunch...  The fish itself was quite good, but the breading was thick and heavy.  The pot stickers were OK, but again, not great.  I also had one of their crab puffs.  That was one of the better things I tasted.  My friend also had chicken with broccoli, which was more broccoli than chicken.  Like the rest, it was passable, but hot that great.I would stop here again.... but not to get a meal.  I would DEFINITELY stop for egg rolls or a piece of fish.  This is the kind of place that would be great as a late night after drinking stop.... get the designated driver to pull through the drive through and order a mess of inexpensive fried stuff to soak up the alcohol....They advertise breakfast on their sign, but they do NOT serve breakfast.  I specifically asked and was told that they intend to serve breakfast at some time in the future, but have not started that yet.I would take those other reviews that rave about the breakfast with a grain of salt.  Since breakfast has never been served here, I suspect that they are unreliable fakes attempting to drum up business.I WOULD LIKE TO BE CLEAR THAT BREAKFAST DOES NOT EXIST.  IT IS NOT OFFERED AND THEY DO NOT KNOW WHEN THEY INTEND TO SERVE BREAKFAST. Anyone who says that they DO serve breakfast has NOT been in the door, or is trying to get a jump on the date that they do begin to serve.  I specifically asked about the breakfast. IT IS NOT OFFERED.
4	Holy balls! (my new catch phrase when I am excited)The Orange Chicken was fan freaking tastic.... So last week I found a menu shoved in my front door, and so I decided to give it a try. I typically do not eat from hole in the walls, but the choices for delivery foods in my area are slim. Boy am I glad I went against my better judgement and ordered this place. The Orange Chicken was all white meat, not overly sauced and the veggies still had a nice crunch. I also had the Chicken Fried Rice which was also delish. The crab puffs were just meh...But the Orange Chicken was the bomb (yes I know, the '90's called and they want their phrase back) Dont be fooled by the location. Great food and no bubble guts after.....
4	This past Friday night my hubby was in the mood for Chinese. It was 8:45, so I figured it was too late to order from our usual spot, Flamingo Palace, since they close at 9. I had received Yu's menu on my doorstep a few months back & saw that they were open till 9:30 so I placed an order. We got the large cashew chicken (extra cashews), orange chicken (asked to make it not spicy) & beef & broccoli. Each came with a (small) side of white or fried rice & you could also get chow mein for $1 extra. We got 1 of each. We also got 2 chicken egg rolls & they had a coupon for free crab wontons, we also got a 2 liter of Dr. Pepper & some sugar covered donuts for dessert. The food was all very yummy & the price was right, about $32 for all that. The only complaint was that they did not include sweet & sour sauce, I have to have that stuff w/my crab wontons! Next time we order Chinese I think we will try Yu's again, sorry Flamingo Palace...
4	We received a menu from this place in the mail. We are at the end of there delivery route, so I thought it would take them a while to deliver. I was very surprise, first this was the best egg drop soup I have had in a long time. The egg rolls were good as well. We got a family meal with a lot of different types of chicken. All wonderful. They were very fast with the delivery as well. They had quoted us 45 minutes to an hour and then were there in a little less then 40 minutes. I would defiantly order from them again.
2	Its alright as far as food goes but what I really like is how affordable their food is.  The reason why I can't give them a higher rating was because they charged my card an extra 2 dollars when they shouldn't have.  I made sure I ordered enough food to go over the the minimum threshold for free delivery and they still charged me the delivery fee.  It's not like I can't afford the extra 2 dollars; its the principle.  When ordering delivery, watch out.
4	I tried out Yu's Cafe today, which is a Saturday. They said the delivery would be 45 mins to an hour and my food arrived in 35 mins. I ordered the wonton soup that had a variety of very fresh vegetables. I have never had wonton soup with red & green peppers but it was still good. I got the fried pot stickers which were ok. I have always had steamed but was in the mood for something different, I should have stuck with what I know. I am sure they would have been awesome if they were steamed. I will defiantly try them next time.I also got a combination dinner of Mongolian Beef which came with an egg roll and fried rice. It was good as well, Lastly, I order my husband chicken fried rice since he isn't big on Chinese food and I heard no complaints. I have tried a lot of Chinese restaurants in the area and I have to say this will be the only one I order from, from now on!
5	Best Chinese I have had in a long time. I tried their orange chicken it was incredible!!!! Big pieces of white meat chicken the sauce was amazing and they had plenty of my side dish as well as the main dish. My honey got their sweet and sour pork and it was excellent as well :) They did not skim on the sauce at all like quite a bit of take out places do. We ordered for it to be delivered and it came before the time they said it would be. I am glad I have found a new place to go!
4	I went here because I had a coupon through my entertainment book.  Most entrees are under $8.  The average cost is 7.30-7.50 Sometimes I am leery of Chinese food because often there is more breading than meat.   This is not the case here.   The chicken pieces are lightly coated, and for me, I made 2 meals into 4.  I ordered the orange chicken (7.29) and the General Tso chicken (7.99) - with my coupon I paid under $10. The orange chicken did taste very good.  The General Tso was on the tame side.  I prefer mine to have more spice.  To be fair, there was no mark on the menu to say it would be - I am just use to it being spicy with visible red chile peppers. I really want to give kudos to them for not using Styrofoam containers.  The entree were served in a reusable plastic containers.  This makes me like them even more. Overall the food was good, quality ingredients, fast service, and prices are good.
2	Their food is okay, but they continuously change their menu and business name. It's very very irritating and confusing. I am done ordering from this place.
