5	This Starbucks is located in Terminal E of Charlotte-Douglas International Airport, not to be confused with the other five Starbucks currently scattered throughout the Airport.Ordered a Grande coffee with room for cream. Coffee was hot and strong - just what was needed in an Airport that is freezing cold! Long line but they cranked through the line quickly and got everyone their beverages efficiently!
2	How is one "Fourbucks" different from another? Well, there aint no difference, really! It's just a matter of where they are located. They are all too expensive for what they serve. This one did have a fat guy sleeping in the corner with his laptop ready for the taking... Not a good indication that the caffeine is working here. Grande flavored latte for the Wife, iced double espresso for me... That be about 9 bucks, thank you. True meaning of the phrase "MEH!"
4	Good coffee, but no souvenir Charlotte coffee mugs?  What gives, Starbucks?  My wife needs things to spend money on!
4	What can I say - it's Starbucks, the only thing missing here was the knowledge of my usual drink from the baristas at the East Blvd location!This is not the Starbucks located at Checkpoint B - but this one is located going down towards Terminals D & E mixed in with all the shops.
4	It's a Starbucks in an airport-- no surprises here. I'm pretty sure that in the Charlotte airport the rule is you can never be at a Starbucks without being able to see the next Starbucks -- seriously, try this game the next time you're there! It seems like there are more Starbucks than bathrooms in this place.
4	As far as airport Starbucks go, this place is at the very top.  The location, size, setup, and products mirror a normal shop.  The only thing missing is a place to sit, but hey... you're in AN AIRPORT!  Go find a place to sit!  The baristas were friendly and I had my coffee in a matter of minutes.  Couldn't really ask for much more!
5	I've always liked this Starbucks and used to stop by this one anytime I was taking off in the terminal in Charlotte. Even though I no longer live there, I recently had a three hour layover and seeing that I took the red eye in, I needed some java. The baristas are quick (because hello, they are in an airport and should be) and sugary sweet. While the Starbucks at Independence Center on Trade and Tryon will forever be my favorite 'Bucks, this one is a close second. Love it.
2	On the concourse that leads to the D terminal, right net to where you head down the escalators to the E terminal.I've been to quite a few Starbucks in my Yelp life (see the lists) and this one is unlike all of the ones that are "stand-alone" or even inside a supermarket. In the airport, this *$ is all about getting people their coffee and getting them onto a plane. They aren't encouraging people to hang around and use the wi-fi (which is the airport's not Starbucks).It's a outsource operation of some sort here, rather than one run by the proper Starbucks people. They have most of the drinks that are present in other Starbucks, but they don't do the "short" size. I prefer it because it has just as much coffee, but a lot less milk. Fewer calories, less cost, better taste (if such a thing can be said of Starbucks).They did manage to make my "tall" coffee and get me headed towards the plane quickly. It's a captive audience (since you can't bring liquids into the airport) so don't expect much.
3	Got a black tea lemonade here. The baristas made it pretty well, plus they were nice and I liked that they replied with a "You're welcome" after I told them "Thank you." I appreciate that! But argh, I hate inflated airport prices so once again had to dock 1 star. Sorry baristas, it's not your fault!
3	Old faithful, no surprises as far as the product goes.  The one thing that surprised me is that they are not set up to take gift cards or the android app.   I charged up my card before i left because I don't like to carry too much cash around.  Oh well.
5	I'm a Starbucks junkie from the early 90s...I wouldn't keep coming back if they weren't good and this location is no exception. I stop here every time I fly through Charlotte, as long as US Airways cooperates with my connection times. It's good coffee. Where else are you going to go, Burger King?
4	What an oasis in the middle of flights, great customer service and great coffee. Only down side is they don't serve the artisan sandwiches at this location :(
4	Need coffee
4	This little Starbucks location is truly like an oasis (quoting Bill W.) in the middle of a hectic gate area. The staff is very friendly, which is very hard to come by in an airport, and they do not make you feel rushed when you order (although everyone behind you is huffing and puffing because their flight takes off in 12 minutes). I see some people have complained about no seating area, or not encouraging people to stick around, but it's an airport...when people want to lounge, there is a bar just down the concourse from the Starbucks (Fox Sports Grill) which serves that purpose exactly.
3	Nothing special... Just another great barrista doing what they do best!
2	Coffee was weak and they didn't have any of the milk, creamer, etc. out even though it was 9:00 AM and they had been open a while. Asked for it and got aggravated at the wait so walked to my gate and used cream from the Starbuck's there instead.
4	Decent coffee airport standard. Macchiato is done just right.
3	Its a small yet a very nice relaxing STarbucks with a seating lounge too at the Charlotte Airport..The Caramel Macchiato was made into perfection with lots of caramel as I had insisted for.However, its crowded.
4	They move very quickly and for an airport, that's important.  I just ordered a plain old coffee, so it's hard to make a lengthy and detailed review and evaluation.  Good coffee, quick service.  The end.
4	Starbucks is everywhere you go.  This location in the CLT airport is fairly small.  But service is amazingly fast moving and efficient.  I don't know how the baristas were doing it, but they were happy, friendly, and upbeat all at the same time even with about 30 people in line.  Another thing I like about this location, they have different snack choices namely freeze dried fruit.  Love it.  And they also have a huge selection of calorie laden sickeningly sticky sweets that I somehow managed to ignore.
3	I'm weird because I came to this Starbucks with no intention of buying coffee. I was at the airport and needed to buy a sandwich quickly. None of the other restaurants around here had sandwiches ready-made, so I resorted to Starbucks to feed me for dinner. Unusual, I know, but when you can't get sandwiches as fast at the stores nearby, sometimes your options are limited to Starbucks. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but it's just not what most people go to Starbucks for.The staff behind the counter was very helpful with my questions, but the items here are ludicrously expensive. I got two cherry wood ham & swiss sandwiches here for $7.99 each, but that's par for the course at a place like this. They were the largest sandwiches by weight for that price, but I probably could have gone to Quizno's and gotten warm sandwiches of a comparable quality for a similar price. Starbucks sandwiches are okay, but they've been refrigerated and thus are not as appetizing. If you like whatever ingredients they put in these, however, feel free to grab these sandwiches instead. And maybe a cup of coffee as well.
3	As expected at SB. There are 2 problems. They do not stock moca powder and this is the most expensive SB I have ever been to and I have been to SB all over the country.
4	The usual Starbucks offering, the employees are well trained,  efficient and in tune. All of them are well-trained and the place is pretty clean and orderly. Although the line to order sometimes winds around the store and outside, it is usually pretty efficient and quick!
4	I had time to kill before my flight. There was a long line and they got through us fast! It was good and I sat at a table near an outlet so my phone charged while I people watched and sipped on my coffee!
2	Of course your average Starbucks fare is here, as at every place across the country. What sets an individual location of a chain like Starbucks apart is the quality of their service and the feel of the store. Both are subpar at this particular spot. Long lines out into the terminal because the store is understaffed, and that leads to abrupt, harried staff who in turn provide an unpleasant experience for the guests. There are also unpacked boxes of inventory lining the walls. I know that your bakery items aren't actually fresh-baked, but I like to keep a little mystery alive as to how those pastries end up in the glass case.
3	I'm sitting here trying to come up with what I'm going to say about this place and all I can think of is Lewis Black and his routine surrounding Starbucks...Seriously though, it's a Starbucks, in an airport. You need caffeine or the standard Starbucks experience while sitting in an airport- you've found the right place.
