2	Ker plop. Yes. The sound a cell phone makes when plunging into the abyss of my toilet. I wont scare you with the details of who/what/when/why, well, you know where, of this debaucheries accident. And I thought I'd be cool. You know for a few days without the cell. Why I remember rotary for God's sake. I don't NEED my cell. Well, by day three went I started the with drawl shakes. Sweating profusely from my brow and unable to eat solid foods, I checked in with Sprint (and called Betty Ford's new tech unit) to get a time frame on my replacement. Only a few more weeks. It's on back order. OH! I DID NOT KNOW THAT! Since I'm insured, I'm positive I can get a "loaner" phone. No? Well, great. So, I had to BUY a phone and then return it(which went smoothly FYI). But I was not impressed. All those cell phones floating around there, and you can't loan me one. Piss off.
5	I have been with Sprint for over 11 Years and with good reason. I have 1500 on a shared plan with 2 smart phones with the EVO Hot Spot and I pay $80.00 less than the AT&T iPhone plan. The savings alone allow me to cover the insurance deductibles when it comes summer time and my phones try to join in on the pool festivities... I feel comfortable knowing that I can go into any location and have my new phone in my hands when I walk out. Just like at work when all the B$tches that have been in the office for 5+ years they get the promotions and free trips, I get that too but no trips to Hawaii or anything. They offered a billable account on my service because of my employer. This allows everything to be billed to my account except for the restocking fee when I have to buy a phone and return it.And Just last night I called sprint on a drunk dial and asked to have some fees waived, I had to buy my ticket to Seattle and needed some extra cash, the rep was laughing so hard she waived them.Sprint = L O V E
1	THE worst customer service on the face of the planet and worse, when I simply raised my voice in frustration the guy helping me told me to calm down or he would make me leave the store.  Simply put, I spent close to $500 on an I-phone and I-pad mini less than 2 weeks ago and yesterday my phone stopped working.  I was told when I went back to the store that they are upgrading their towers through the end of the year so service could be spotty until then.  Ok -- tell me how I'm supposed to conduct business with no service on my phone!  So, I told them I wanted to return my items and they had the nerve to charge me $110 in restocking fees when I haven't owned the items for 2 weeks and it's not my fault their service stinks.Fortunately I got someone in the corporate office to credit back those fees but only after much time and frustration!  DON"T go to sprint if you need your phone -- they don't care about anything except their stinking policies and fine print.  They have ZERO empathy for the customer!
1	The sales associate Jennifer was extremely rude.  And made my husband and I feel very uncomfortable.  She made us have to go to another location becuz she was so rude. It's amazing how people in customer service actually talk to their customers.   It never ceases to amaze me.  A terrible experience and we will definately avoid this particular location in the future.  Jennifer could use some lessons in how to to talk toA person with kindness and withRespect.   Thankyou to the people out there in this world who do treat people with welcoming words and friendly smiles.  We need more of you in the world
1	Waiting for my contracts to expire.  I've had four phones down to three phones (and my bill is more expensive than when I had four). Here are some of the reasons I'm done.1.) Lost a phone, went on line to get the number to report a lost phone.  There were no live people at 9:30.  Took 30 minutes to navigate the automated reporting process.  2.) The phone was stolen by a Canadian, and so I'm stressed to see if there are going to be international charges, even though I reported within two hours.  The sprint store told me to call the sprint number which is a horrendous circle of multiple choices that many times take you right back to the beginning of the cycle.3.) Had a phone locked.  They said I had to call google.  Google said to call sprint and that the "surely Sprint can unlock the phone".  Went back to sprint, they denied that they have are able to unlock the phone.  I'm after six months of going back and forth between google saying Sprint can get my phone unlocked and different people at sprint saying no... I give up.4.) I'm trying to activate a phone. They no longer have live assistance.  You are stuck using their automated phone service.5.) I no longer get bills.  Just on line billing.  And prices keep going up... mmm, the logic behind that... oh yes, it's no longer about the customer.If you like automated phone service, fees that just creeping up, and customer service representatives that are not empowered or educated to help you Sprint is good. That is why they get 1 star versus zero.Came back, just to say... still so frustrated I can not talk to a live person to get my phone working. :/  Maybe back to the store again.. ugh
1	Came into this store and there were a few customers already and three employees working. More customers came in, the store was starting to get crowded, and two of the employees went on break at the same time! Then, because there was no sign-in system being utilized, they didn't know who to help next. I sat there for an hour and was only talked to once, and people who came in the store after me were being helped first. I left and went to a different store. Will never return to this store.
