3	I've been going to America's Best for a few years now and so far have had good experiences with them.  Up until now, I've only utilized the ones in the Metro Detroit area, so this was my first time visiting one out here in Arizona.I knew it was time to get my eyes checked.  I haven't had it done in about 3 years, so I was in need of getting my perscription updated.  I made an appointment, and went in to have my eyes checked out.The service here is adaquate, and selection of glasses was fine.  The eye doctor was wonderful, and so was the guy that helped me pick out my glasses and get me fitted with my new frames and perscription.My only real complaint was that its located in an office building and the office space itself is old and tired looking.  It could probably use a bit of a facelift, and have a more updated feel.  The office just felt old and tired. From previous experience, Americas best offices are usually more modern and updated.  This one was not.
1	Horrible place.  Went in for my yearly exam and the doc ordered me some trials.  I came back a few wks later when they came in and I put them on and was looking cross eyed.  While I was in there for the appointment, the doc had me try on 3 different sets w/in a matter of 10 mins.  Left there w/ an OK pair but not the right ones.  They said they were going to order the next pair of trials for me as they didn't have them in stock.  Call 2 weeks later to see if they were in as I was told it only takes 7-10 business days, was told I would get a call back, never received one.  Called 2 days later and they said they weren't in yet but it would be w/in the next few days. Call couple of days later, still not in and then tell me there was a mix up on my order so they had to reorder.  I asked for another trial pair as the ones he gave me on my 2nd visit were old now.  I go pick them up and they give me two contacts that are for my right eye!  seriously people, how hard is it? I think I am going to get Lasik after this crap experience w/ them!  I do not recommend them!
1	So here is my honest review on America's Best in Mesa. I made an appointment today for a 5pm appointment at this location. I take a seat in their waiting room and I sit quitely watching all of the people around me coughing and blowing their nose most likely due to the flu. ( I already had the flu this year so I'm probably at no risk :) So I get called in at 5:15pm, and I am walked into a testing room by one of their technicians named "Sandy". She asks me a few questions (What are you here for, how long have you worn contacts for, how often do you change your lenses, etc) When she asks how long I normally wear my lenses for, I truthfully tell her "Normally 2-4 weeks", She scolds me and says "IF they are two week lenses you need to throw them out after two weeks or the Optometrist will not write you a prescription!"  I agree with her just so I can continue on with the process knowing fully that I will continue to wear my 2 week lenses for a month to save money. She then tries to sell me an additional test that will cost $15. I decline, and she says "Well I hope the Dr is ok with this and still writes you a prescription because he really needs these tests..." After a few of the other eye tests that do not cost any additional fees, I finally get moved to another waiting room, which is the final one before the Dr ( I feel like Super Mario waiting to meet Bowser in the castle at this point, but still in good spirits). Then Dr Thomas Cheney calls me into his office and does a full exam on my eyes. He asks how long I've worn lenses and I told him about 10 years, and I really like the brand so I would like to stay with them (Acuvue Oasys with Hydraclear Plus--Best lenses ever!) So he says "Well I want you to try these on, these are America's Best favorite lenses, very breathable." So I say "Sure, but honestly I am planning on taking the prescription and ordering my trusted brand online like I've done for 10 years." He says, well I can't write you a prescription for that because we don't have any here to test you in but we can special order them in." But in the meantime wear these, and maybe you will like them and want to buy them from us, we do have very competitive pricing" I said "No I want a prescription for what brand I've had for 10 years, and I am ordering online." He declined and said I'd have to come back to do the next fitting once they right lenses come in.I then go to the front counter and tell them about my experience and that I am upset because I now have to come back for another fitting for the same lenses I've worn for 10 years. The nice girls at the counter tell me they will look to see if they have them in stock even after the Dr said they had to be ordered. They MIRACULOUSLY find a pair and I say "Great, now he can see me and write the prescription", and I am quickly shut down with the old "Well we're closing soon so it will have to be another day" So basically I spent 2.5 hours at this place to get a prescription for a brand I do not like, and the Dr marks the prescription "Dispense as Written", so I can only get that brand until he writes for a new prescription after a second fitting.Bottom line, the PRESCRIPTION IS KEY here, they will dangle it over your head and try to convince you to buy the $15 test, and buy THEIR BRAND of lenses from them. They want to sell you contact lenses, and they seem to do whatever it takes to get you into the brand of lenses they want to sell you as well. My suggestion, stand your ground, and do not pay for anything until you get the prescription that works best for you.
3	My son was saying to me that he can't really see and that he needs glasses and I don't have eye vision insurance, so I shopped around a bit to see who had the better deal.  I found Americas Best home of the 2 pairs for 69.99 with a free eye exam, to me that sounded too good to be true, but I went online and scheduled him an appointment.Date of the appointment. arrived and off we went, had to fill out some paper work, sat in a waiting room, got pulled into a lil office where a tech tested his eyes, got ambushed into also having his eyes tested for glaucoma for an extra 15 bucks, I said yes to this test because I know it's important, but when I called Americas Best, I basically asked them if there was any hidden fees that I should be aware of, and they oh no, the eye exam is free & you can get 2 pairs for 69.99, so now I know they are not very truthful and I should start getting prepared for more shady stuff. Then we went into the eye dr office, he got his eyes officially tested, and yes he does need glasses, he is very near sighted.  Was told to go out to the front and wait to be called to get your glasses, and so while we were out in the front lobby I told my son to go ahead and pick out 2 of the frames that are for 69.99, now I have to say they did have a nice selection of frames for that price, he did find 2 completely different looking frames. Was called up to a table and greeted by an eye tech she started to tell my son and I that the dr noted that since you are athletic that you are going to need poly blah blah blah lenses and that will be $387, my son, who is 6ft 4ft and skinnier than a light pole told her that her info is incorrect and that he is not athletic so no need for those lenses, then she said oh ok then you will need the none scratch transiting blah blah blah lenses for $259 and then I said no, we will not be doing any of that either, we will take what comes with the 2 pairs for $69.99, she got lil upset with me and made me sign a paper stating that I didn't want any of the upsell items or warranty , which really to me were not an item of choice but an item they push on to people.  I think she would have done better with me if she said ok for 69.99 you get this, but we also have blah blah blah, but no she tried to force me into other situations I didn't want part of.   I wonder how many other customers' they do that to.We ordered his glasses, he was happy he will be able to see the leafs on the tree soon and we should be picking them up shortly!
4	First off (and I'm not necessarily complaining about this...I AM giving this place 4 stars after all), how many people were enticed by the free eye exam w/2 frames for $69.99 deal? Everyone. And how many people ACTUALLY paid that (plus tax)? Nobody. That's what I thought. Like I said, I'm not complaining because I knew I wanted one of my frames to be made into sunglasses which costs more, but this place does find other ways to nickel & dime you as well. They will talk you in to paying an extra $15 with your eye exam to get tested for glaucoma. I hadn't had an eye exam in 4 years so I went ahead and did this. I have to say, the optometrist who did my exam (as well as the assistant) were very nice. I actually realized when I pulled up to the building I had an eye exam here like 7-8 years ago. They still had my information on file & funny enough, the same optometrist from back then examined me this time (I recognized him & he mentioned it was definitely his hand writing in my file).  The woman who helped me with my frames was nice as well. I mean, yeah, she tried to talk to me into an upgrade here & one there, but I immediately told her I wanted one of my frames to be sunglasses so I think she was a little less aggressive on that front knowing I was gonna spend more than the "standard" deal right off the bat. I STILL thought I had paid too much for everything, but when I got home I called around to compare (yeah, I'm THAT person) & realized that getting RX sunglasses really does cost a lot of $$$ and I probably didn't pay anymore here than I would have at other places (including Walmart & Costco) for all that I got. I went to pick up my frames today and was VERY happy. I actually called them to see if they were possibly ready a little earlier than expected (I really wanted/needed my new sunglasses), and sure enough they were!At the end of the day I'm not sure if the savings here is as great as it might first appear, but I certainly don't think you get ripped off. And for the service & quality of the frames I would definitely recommend America's Best...at least this location
4	I've been going to these people since I first started wearing glasses and contacts back in 1997. I am clearly devoted to this location and their staff, though I have to say some hiring changes have made it difficult to return more recently due to some of the staff.More specifically, there was a woman who helped me with the routine tests on my eyes and she felt she had the need to forcibly tell me how important it is I come in for an eye exam every year. I explained to her it had been 13 months, just barely over a year. She wasn't doing the math correctly and thought it had been two years but overcompensated with her mathematical error by pushing the point to come in as often as possible.I understand eye care is important, but the attempt at selling their services in that moment was overkill. Something else she didn't understand is that I didn't live in the state for 3 years before that, and even though I still brought my business here during my last visit to my family. I was also homeless during a period of that time that I lived in another state. Some sensitivity about people's various experiences and personal issues might be nice, instead of being made to feel guilty that you couldn't come in and get an eye exam. Heaven forbid I was focusing on eating rather than eye care while I didn't have a place to live!That being said, it was her, not the business or the other staff that was not pleasant during that experience.Why I like this place is that I have not always had insurance or a lot of money to get glasses or contacts so it has helped me when I need to see and am in a financial pinch. I enjoy the doctor, he is kind and always calm and soothing to talk to, even if there is a concern.They are always prompt with getting the products in on time and having you try them to make sure they work for you. The only thing I regret is the drive there now that I live in Phoenix instead of Chandler!
4	This is a very good deal on contacts and glasses! You are getting a good price and decent service. Initially the greeting and wait was disconcerting but the price we got for contacts, glasses, and exam was awesome! Mirna and the doctor were definitely the nicest people there! I definitely recommend this place to anyone on a budget!
2	I feel like they try to "up-sell" way too much here.  My boyfriend was quoted almost $300 for a pair of glasses that were seriously a fraction of the cost when we went somewhere else. I got an overall very unprofessional vibe here, the staff was rude and a bit on the ghetto side. Sorry, but not a fan.
2	I had mentioned to my boyfriend that I needed to renew my eyeglass prescription, and he mentioned the deal America's best had where you can get an eye exam and 2 pairs of glasses including the lenses for $69.99. I needed contacts as well and when I called the store, I specifically asked if there was a way to get both the eyeglass and contact lens exam for an additional cost. The woman on the phone told me for $79.99 I could have both the eyeglass exam and contact lens exam, so just $10 more. I made an appointment and saw the doctor as usual, discussed my options for both glasses and contacts and then proceeded to pick out 2 frames to go along with the deal I had called about. UGH! Turns out after sitting down to finalize everything that the contact lens exam was BY ITSELF $79.99 and there were no glasses or anything included! The staff apologized for the miscommunication, but at that point I had both called to get the correct information and ended up spending a good hour and a half in the store picking out frames. In the end, the manager gave me $10 off. I walked out of there with a pair of glasses I paid for separately from the $79.99 contact lens exam I apparently paid for. No glasses, frames, or anything included that the deal AND STAFF mentioned over the phone. Additionally, the staff were pushy and a little on the rude side. To their benefit, the gentleman that helped us tried to be sympathetic towards the issue. Overall I would not recommend this place. The prices are ok, be aware that glasses take a couple weeks to get as they don't have their own optical lab. I'll be going somewhere different in the future when I want a new pair.
4	I was a customer of this particular location from the early 90s up until about 5 years ago. I quit going because of the deplorable customer service and attitude from several of the staff. The customer service just deteriorated year after year and I finally had enough. But about a year and a half ago I got a discount offer in the mail from them and decided to give them another try. I was pleasantly surprised. I went for an eye exam and the customer service was an improvement. The glasses and contacts were a painless process this time around. When I went back for a yearly exam a few months ago, I didn't have any issues with them. I hope the good customer service continues.
1	Horrible Customer Service, with stink eye from everyone. Takes too long to get your contacts. Crappy service from start to finish. BBB will definitely get a complaint from us.
1	Worst customer service I have ever seen at any business.  The staff doesn't communicate with the customer, and that could've solved all or issues.  Now, trying to get new contacts, they asked my girlfriend to come back for a third trip to get them.  When you do go there, expect three ladies at the front desk to do nothing but goof around while you wait to see the slowest sales reps ever.  They will do anything they can to avoid helping their waiting customers.  After seeing the eye doctor, which was quick on both of the first two trips, we had to wait over half an hour just to order one box of contacts.  We thought we would get a box, since it was the trip after trying out a pair.  But no, after the longest wait ever for one box of contacts, they said they didn't have any and we would have to return to this hell hole for a third time.  Don't go there!  The eye care club is a deal cause they know you would never return if you had no reason to.
4	Place was kind of hard to find but the covered parking is a bonus. I have insurance so I am not eligible for the advertised specials, but I still feel I got an ok deal. I understand I need Polycarbonate lenses due to not wanting Coke bottle thick lenses, but I don't like the feeling that I am being upsold so much.The staff was friendly and put out a mellow vibe, from reception all the way back to the doctor. Exam went well and I had plenty of time to pick out a frame afterwards. I feel this store needs to move or needs a remodel. I stopped in at their store down in Queen Creek with a friend and that store looked clean and had lots of natural lighting.All in all a good experience and a good pair of glasses.
