5	This place is awesome!!! Super convenient when you need a work break!  The owner is really helpful and they have 12 different flavor choices!!  It is self serve frozen yogurt and toppings, it doesn't get any better!!!!
4	Well how could you not be a fan of self-serve frozen yogurt?  This place is inside the Overstreet by Chik-fil-A.  It is a small spot but there is limited seating available.  You can mix your favorite flavors together to fit your palette!  They have great non-fat options including coconut and chocolate and others.  The birthday cake tastes like plain vanilla though fyi.  At 42 cents per ounce you can right-size your order!  They have a ton of toppings such as chopped pecans, marshmellows, fruit, coconut flakes etc etc...Love it!  :-D
5	Dear fro yo gods--thank you for finally planting yourself Uptown! My co-worker told me that she wanted some ice cream today and I promptly said "Hey, let's try The Frozen Isle, the new fro yo place" and couldn't have been happier. No longer do I have to go to Cold Stone or La Harris Teeter when I'm having a cold craving, I can just walk across the street to the Overstreet Mall!Like some of my favorite fro yo places, you pay by the ounce so if you want something little, you can get a small portion or if you're having a bad day in corporate America, you can gorge! They have 10-12 different flavors ranging from fruity ones like strawberry, raspberry, pineapple to more decadent ones like french vanilla, banana cream, dark chocolate. The toppings rock as well--fresh fruit! None of that sugary fruit mix from a can that's swimming in syrup but fruit like blackberries, kiwi, blueberries and strawberries at their peak. And to top it all off-Ghirardelli syrups like caramel and chocolate plus they have punch cards that you can get punched for each visit, oh yeah!!So I guess I need to add a "Frozen Isle" budget along to my coffee budget each week? I think I can swing that!
5	So excited about this place!!! Went this afternoon to cleanse my pallet from lunch and got the triple chocolate and raspberry tart. Both were delicious! Yes, you can mix and match your yogurt. The topping bar like Tiffany said is very impressive. Also, mine only cost me $2.50! It doesn't get any better. Thank you Frozen Isle for joining our Uptown Overstreet mall we needed some more variety.
5	This is one of those "dang, why did I not think of this and get filthy rich" ideas!  The shop in Charlotte is the pilot store for TFI...I imagine it is only a matter of time before they franchise the heck out of this.The "do-it-yourself" frozen yogurt concept is a great idea, on many levels.  First, being able to make your own allows you to customize to your liking...no "ummm-ing and ahhh-ing" over a menu board.  It saves time in the line too!  You don't like what you got?  Can't complain to management, because you did it to yourself!  The topping bar is filled with all the typical favorite candy and chocolate toppings, as well as freshy fruit and nuts, if you are inclined to the more healthy options.  I am not, and promptly turned my cup of yogurt into a trip to Willy Wonka's magical chocolate factory.Which brings me to my next point...it is easy for someone like me to get carried away in a place like this.  What starts out as a tiny cup of ice cream can turn into an $8 hayday supermarket sweep once you hit the topping bar!  But, once again...you can't complain about the price, because pricing is by weight.  You don't like what you're paying?  Get less!It is very dangerous to open up a place like this within walking distance of my office....maybe I should just go ahead and buy the stock in this company now.
3	It is just like every other yogurt shop that has opened up. Nothing really special except it's location. It is walkable from my building downtown. They are more limited on topings than some of the other places but it is good and convenient. I think it will lose business when Yoforia opens in the EpiCenter this summer.
4	I LOVE YOU.  I LOVE FROZEN TREATS.  I love that I can walk here from work.  I'm on my second frequent flogurter card (can we make "Frequent Flogurter" a thing?).You might find me here making a late afternoon yogurt run with co-workers.  It's the best treat to get your head in the game for the rest of the day :)...but sometimes I wish you were Pinkberry.
5	I'm not sure what a Fro Yo place has to do to get a bad score but this place does plenty right.   - Customer loyalty card with double punch Fridays and I think Wed - great selection of yogurts and toppings - very clean environment - Friendly staff
5	Pretty bomb! Fresh fruits readily available and plenty of toppings.
5	Frozen Isle is located hidden in the Bank of America building, so if you try to find it from the street you won't have any luck. They have excellent frozen yogurt. The flavors taste great and the consistency is creamy without being too "icy". There are a lot of toppings to choose from and they let you taste flavors before you buy. It is serve yourself. The service is excellent and friendly. I come here all the time because I work across the street. They have a punch card program and they give two punches on Tuesdays. On par with what you would expect pricewise.I did stop by the other day and it looked like they were closed (during a weekday lunch hour) which was kind of odd. I am hoping they haven't closed down for good!
