3	My friend thinks this place is the bomb but it has a limited sandwich type menu for lunch w average food.  The water view, though artificial, is still nicer than no view at all & it was nice to sit outside.  It was very quiet with 3 tables occupied for a Sunday brunch in October (when we did go) while it was still 75-80 degrees out.
4	Some friends and I came on a Saturday night at 5 and stayed till 8. There were very few patrons, which was too bad because this place has a lot to offer: decent organic food, a nice view of the lake, live jazz music starting at 7. Unfortunately, with little advertising or visibility, I worry about its future success!While I generally recommend Captain's Cove, I must warn against ordering the "World's Healthiest Dessert" featuring the Xocai chocolate the restaurant hawks. It consists of a medium-sized chocolate cookie, a scoop of vanilla ice cream, and a square of the chocolate itself. The cookie is gritty and has a horrible flavor, and this dessert will set you back $14 - the same as most of the entrees on the menu! Yikes! Do yourself a favor and order one of the cheesecakes, which are quite nice and reasonably priced.
5	This may be the best place we've been to in Vegas. We loved the atmosphere, the food and the view. I had the spinach and ricotta ravioli which was very good. My husband had the pork chops which were excellent. We also had the hummus as an appetizer and that was pretty great. The cheesecake was good, but I probably wouldn't do dessert again. The ambiance is really extraordinary. If you're looking for a unique place to visit, please try Captain's Cove. We moved here from Chicago almost a year ago and have yet to find a place that feels as "neighborhoody" here in Vegas as Captain's Cove. We will definitely be back.
1	The Cove is closed, as of 12/09.
1	This is a great location with good food... but with terrible management. I used to go for lunch and enjoyed their limited sandwich selection. Wait staff was young and inexperienced (same owners as the convenient store next door), but I would forgive them because of the lake location and quaint setting. Then the day of "s**t" service came. Waited 45 minutes for a sandwich... When inquiring about it, I got a vague answer. It had been 1 hour for my party already (we were the only patrons), so I decided to pay for the salad that actually made it to our table and talked to one of the owner, explaining gently the situation. Reaction: OK. Not a sorry, not an apology...It causes me great concern when an owner actually do not care about the well being of their business. I used to be their number 1 fan.
