4	Review for the weekend buffet only.This place is friggin expensive for sure.  I would never do a proper meal here cuz the price scares me so much.  However..the weekend buffet is pretty good. Although the selections aren't as deep as Tamba or Gandhi, the quality of the food definitely makes up for it.  White meat chicken...can you believe it??
4	Remarkably good. Surprisingly good. Remarkably, surprisingly good. We had dinner here on a random Thursday night and were amazed at how good the food was. The service was friendly and fun, too. Had the veggie samosas (delicious), lamb curry (mmmmm), palak paneer (tasty) and some rice (frangrant and yummy).The only down side was the family sitting behind us, which I believe owned the place--the guy was the guy from the picture of the restaurant, and the younger guy seemed like he owned the place. Their grand-daughter was crawling all over the floor and making a huge mess, which I found distracting and mildly irritating. But man, this was some good Indian food and it hit the spot.
2	Hey look at me, Im a big fancy resturant in a big fancy hotel and casino and I really don't give a shit about how my customers are handled or, apparently, the quality of food I seve.Ive eaten here ONCE. The aforementioned points were the negatives. The decor was nice and I really wanted to like the place but it simply was a very unpleasant experience.Las Vegas is an interesting town; You never really know at any given time how much money someone might be willing to spend. Most of the city has figured it out, you treat everyone like a king and you don't judge a book by it's cover. Apparently Gaylord didn't get the memo.If you're stuck up and like a stuck up environment with pretencious food, enjoy!
3	Quite good - nice flavors, wide choices of dishes, pretty well-stocked bar!A little empty and kind of stiff (the place, not the drinks) and I felt like I was at a business meeting. But other than the atmosphere - it was good.
3	Was here for quick lunch as we didn't feel like the buffet or the chinese fast food at the Rio. Overall, was better than I expected. Lunch specials come with a variety of curries, tandori, and naan bread. If you are into Indian food, you won't be disappointed. Only thing is they don't offer cheese Naan, or garlic Naan........
2	Okay, it could have been better.  Service:  Our waiter kept trying to up sell us food.  Okay, we said we only wanted 1 order of naan bread...why do you insist on selling us 3?!?  Food:  The food was tasty, but unfortunately I've had better.  We had shrimp, dal, and other tasty varietals.  Unfortunately, I probably wouldn't go here again.  I'm sure there is better out there.
2	A very expensive place for a americanized Indian food. First sign that this is not a "TRUE" indian experience came when they were playing some middle-eastern music. The Mango Marghareita was good -but was also very expensive. Food was definitely bland. My colleagues enjoyed most of what was brought out there. But the food was real mild.One thing about the service though - as someone else had mentioned here - the waiter just kept pushing us to order more- both in terms of food and drink. One of the ladies was almost ready to take a half-full glass of mango margherita away so she could bring another drink. Very expensive Indian experience..
5	This place was amazing!  I'm a vegan and they were very accommodating both times I went to vegas to make sure we found the vegan items on the menu.  The second time we had a party there w/ a group of friends and pre-ordered a vegan feast and everybody loved it - and they weren't vegans.The atmosphere was very nice and the service was great.  This is on my list of top places to eat when I visit vegas.
5	Great restaurant with wonderful service.  We decided to try this place out for a quick and casual dinner and loved it.  I had been to their Chicago location many times and was hoping this place would be just as good... and it was.I had the chicken tikka masala with garlic naan and it was everything I wanted.  The portions were just the right size and the sauce was delicious.  The service was wonderful and surprisingly better than some higher end restaurants.  We were seated quickly and never really had to wait long for anything.  If I get a craving for something ethnic while in Vegas, I'll be checking this place out!
5	Excellent consistent food. The only item I would note is not well made is the Navrattan Korma. I find it lacking in flavor, and seems to be made with canned green beans, you know, the kind your grandmother serves. The service IS slow and non-responsive, but we have come to terms with the fact that it will be a 90 minute meal. The food is well-worth the snail pace. It is expensive, but well worth it. Try to make the buffet for a much cheaper meal. Be sure and try the delicious Mango Lassi. They have perfected the balance of spices, which can be hard to find if you are a fan of Mango Lassi. I highly recommend giving Gaylord's a chance, maybe you will come to love them as well!
2	Ok so this review is long overdue.  Gaylord's was undoubtedly a so so experience. my fiance and I ate dinner there after a few unlucky hands at the four card table at the Rio.  While it was only around 9ish pm there was one other couple in the restaurant (how weird) When I asked the hostess if we needed to make a reservation.. she kindly replied: no just come in (a light bulb in my thick head should have gone off). After we were seated we ordered the chicken pakoras for me as an appetizer (he's a vegetarian and i'm a pure carnivore) Needless to say yuck/blah/tasteless... Next we ordered the Paneer Tikka Masala and Yellow Dal with something called Bullet Naan.  The PTM was off the chart but the dal... I think I could have made better at home... the naan came out burnt and had to be sent back ( the server was pretty nice about it). All in all I think I should know what indian food should taste like but unfortunately I won't be returning to this mediocre restaurant and blowing my bucks on food thats "commercialized indian". Save yourself the time people and go Origin India or Tamba.
5	i can't believe this place doesnt have an off the charts rating!!!!omg... this place is delicious. i really messed up by this being the VERY 1st Indian Restaurant I had ever been to, because it is such a hard act to follow...OMG. Don't remember the name, but the lamb stew thingy and the chicken tikka masalla is my favorrrrrittttteeee here.. This place makes the sauces just right... I've tried several indian restaurants and none of them can ever compare to this or even come close....the sauces for the nan that they give are out of this world too!i kno it is kinda of expensive, but when i feel like splurging... this is my spot.
1	This place could be good. I wouldn't know though because we tried to go there last night and it was closed for a private party and today I tried to call to order lunch for pick up and they don't answer their phone. That's stupid!! The restaurants in the Rio are a horrible excuse for food, from what I've tried, and I was hoping this one at least would be good as we have to stay at the Rio for trade shows. Maybe some time I'll be able to try it. PICK UP YOUR PHONE!!!
4	This was a nice escape inside the Rio Hotel/Casino.  The atmosphere is elaborate and we were greeted with lit candles and incense burning.  It created a nice buffer from the casino.Rather than go with pre-selected Lunch Special Combo's, we chose off the regular menu and ordered enough to share.  The Garlic Naan was the best I've ever had.  The Samosa's were flavorful and delicious - perfect way to start the meal.  We shared the Chicken Tikka Masala (didn't try this but my 3 companions loved it), Mattar Paneer (cubed farmer's cheese and peas in a delicious gravy), Beghan Barta (baked eggplant with onions and tomatoes with spices), and Aloo Gobi (cauliflower and potatoes baked with herbs and spices).  All the flavors were rich and wonderful.  My favorite was the cheese and peas, followed by the baked eggplant.  I love that Indian food has so many flavorful vegetarian options.  It was a fantastically satisfying lunch.
4	Very calm and relaxing restaurant inside the Rio. Came here with a couple other people and we were able to get a seat after a short wait even without reservations even though the place was pretty busy. The portions look deceptively small but are really filling. They also offer some pretty interesting drinks. I tried the cilantro mojito, which was really good. The combination platters are well worth the price. We split two combination plates between three people and there was plenty of food.
4	Gaylord is a nice quiet spot inside the generally noisy setting of the Rio Casino in Las Vegas. I had dinner there in late 2009, was very happy with the service and quality of food. I think this would have been a 5 star review, but where I would mark it down is in value for money. I ended up paying around $60 for dinner for one, when $30 would get you a very nice Indian meal in pretty much any other place in town. No doubt the Rio setting is a factor here.
4	As captives of the Rio and all its sad offerings, Gaylord was one of the few things we enjoyed during a stay at this casino. We were whisked out of the smoke-laden casino area into a tastefully decorated tranquil space. Most other eateries were packed with 30 minute waits trying to handle the overflow of a conference held here. With about an hour left to find lunch and return to the conference, we poked our heads into Gaylord.Talk about underappreciated, the place was nearly empty, with one waiter and one busboy. We scored, with $13 lunch combinations served as a thali with rice and naan. We shared the tandoori combination and vegetable curry combination. Very full bellies, lots of leftovers, incuding that lovely naan that we snacked on the next day. Our favorite curry was the one with spinach, peas and paneer.But we were lucky. As mentioned before, this casino was not prepared for the overflow of hungry conference-goers. We were seated immediately and our food came quickly, sizzling hot. But just 20 minutes later there was a queue out the door, and people waiting frantically to pay their bills and get back to work. The place couldn't handle the load with its small staff, and they had to take a lot of heat from impatient people.  Finally, they just had to close and not allow anyone else in, which is a shame because this was the best lunch option available, *especially* for that price.The Rio seems to attract the kind of clientele that wants burgers and shakes, or buffets. So it's no surprise that Gaylord is staffed with an expectation of low patronage. But seeing how *all* the smaller restaurants in the casino seemed wholly unprepared for the streams of hungry conference attendees, I suspect Gaylord, as well as other places, should have gotten better warning by the casino management of potential increased business from the conference.For all the harried customers and staff at Gaylord, our waiter took very good care of us, in a timely manner, even getting our leftovers wrapped up quickly and efficiently.
5	i just recently went here for their all you can eat brunch. it is not as good as the regular menu, but i will tell you one thing. IT IS $14!!! ALL YOU CAN EAT!!!!They still get a 5 star from me, because i know the regular menu is the best ive ever had.and the brunch is still VERY CHEAP for indian food. many places over charge for indian food. i can go to a little hole in the wall anywhere in america & they will charge me $14 alone for one ala carte item!!!! so thats why i keep them at 5 stars!if you are craving indian food, brunch will satisfy your craving.if you really want to live it up, come here for the regular menu. and induldge!!!
4	Not sure if I'm rating this up because it was so good and such a pleasant place to dine or because the Rio is such a smoky dreary worn out hotel that this little oasis of calm unjangled my nerves and felt practically luxurious.  the lunch was good, the service pretty bad but we were all fed and eventually got our tabs straightened out.
4	friend and i walks by every morning for some starbucks and the sign always catches my attention everytime.  so one night friend and i decided to come in for a try. (out of all places, she wanted to try indian food... when there was a buffet joint on the other side of the hotel)verrry goood food. probably the best indian food i've had.. we thought the portions were small but in the end we couldnt finish the food and had to wrap it up.we tried the naanbutter chickenveggie samosasshrimp cracker type of thing (which was free)vegetarian curry ?? ( i kinda dont remember what it was)and rice dessert (compliments of the waiter)excellent service.. even though the waiter creeped us out by writing his number on the receipt.
4	I went to this place a couple years back, and the food quality was excellent. The waiters serving were beyond friendly and took care of all our needs. Even though we spend over 500, it was all worth it. The place also gave us a  very comforting feeling, quiet and soothing. People siting around us were quiet and talked softly and it was nice to hear someone sitting next to you for a change. I just had a great time spending great time with my family here.
5	Great Service and delicious food. A little pricey, but what do you expect in Vegas. Everything we had was so flavorful. My favorite Indian food yet.
5	This place is great. Classy joint, definitely a lot classier than the rest of the Rio. Food was excellent, really simple but really good Indian food. Great service, very attentive. Somewhat pricey, but if you're in Vegas, fuck it d00d go for that hotness.
4	Ok, even though I have heard terrible stories about the food being not-so-great .. this restaurant is what got me into Indian food. I've been there twice, and each time has been DELICIOUS! The waitstaff was friendly.. I NEVER had a problem.Giving it 4 stars though, because it's just so dang expensive!! $22 for a small bowl of chicken curry hurts a little. But here is a trick...just sign up for a rewards card at the rio, earn points, and just use them to pay for your food! =) Win!
4	This was the place that started our obsession with Indian food. We go when we are in Vegas and its always good but super expensive for Indian, not sure why so pricey it's at the Rio not Bellagio or the Wynn so that is our only complaint. Have eaten at the Gaylord's in San Fran and sausalito and they were good as well.
4	I don't think I'd typically come here but my bf was in a poker tournament at the Rio so we had to find a quick bite to eat during break. I do have to say I ended up enjoying it more than I thought. The naan bread is delicious, we had chicken masala with rice which was very flavorful. There was a vegetarian in our party so she had this spinach and cheese which was spicy and I tried it and liked it a lot. We also ordered the roasted chicken which was devoured quickly and not dry at all.
3	I have to say....I'm glad I finally had the chance to try this place...always wanted to try the one in Los Angeles.....but least I was able to try the Vegas location........well with that outta the way....I was actually disappointed with the place...don't get me wrong...I still enjoyed the food....but for what you paid for, I thought the places in Little India were a bit better....plus better priced...I think with most places I end up trying...I'm glad I was able to check this place out...not sure if I'd go here again since I know there's better Indian Restaurants out there......oh the Naan was really tasty =P
2	Food is not all that... The chicken tikka masala is not flavorful ...They are in a casino & they want people to be dressed up for buffet lunch especially when they are right next to swimming pool..Very expensive .. The garlic bread or Roti is like $4.00 each..
2	Food is average, just about the kind of Indian food one would expect. Since this in located inside the Rio, its prices are through the roof! There are better places in LV for Indian Food
4	I love this place and the foods are delicious!I got the vegetarian plate and my boyfriend got the prawns curry.The service is FAST at first but got slower afterward because it got busy.
3	Been here many times and the buffet is great BUT a la carte items are a coin toss. If you've partied all night, then this is the IDEAL brunch/lunch buffer for you on a Saturday or Sunday. Service is a toss up as well. If you like spicy foods, then don't go here.
4	Great Indian food.  Perfect amount of spice.  Quality of the food will make you forget about the price, until you get the check  :PMinus 1 star for price only.  Great food and service.
4	If your looking for dinner at the Rio, especially during crowded WSOP dinner breaks, gaylords is the place to go. all the tandoori stuff is good, naan is good, tika masala is good. Overall its just quality food which is tough to find at the Rio.
1	Service was slow and apathetic it really did remind me of India.  The lamb vindaloo was not good at all. I was thinking the chicken tikka masala was pretty good until about an hour later when I vomiting uncontrollably. Food poisoning for me and my buddy.
2	Chicken VERY dry. Had a groupon so didn't pay full price. Not worth the cost they want had MUCH better at Taj Palace off Eastern and Richmar.
3	The food was just "OK".  Not what you'd expect at these prices.  The chicken was over done to the extreme.  Dry and tough.     I've had much better at half the price, and there was nothing stellar about the service or atmosphere that would justify the high prices either.I think they rely on gullible people like me, who make the mistake of thinking that because the prices are high, it must be really special.  I've found again and again that there is very little correlation, unless it is inverse, to the price and the quality.As to it being in a casino, yes, that does matter.  Because I've seen it quite often that a fancy restaurant will set up shop in a casino where they can charge high prices to people who they don't have to worry about coming back, and who are in the mind set of having a good time and not worrying about the money.   Just because they are high priced joint in a casino does not mean that they are bad, but it's a red flag.And anyone who tells you to disregard the review of someone who has an opinion different from their own, and pronounces that such people are not proper foodies, deserves to have their own review disregarded.I gave it 3 stars.  I think that could be called generous in light of the overdone chicken ( I'm not the only one to notice this).  3 stars means, according to Yelp, "A-OK".   Gaylord is nothing better than A-OK.   You'd be better off trying two other Indian places at random.  It would cost you the same, and you'd have 2 chances to have a decent meal.
4	Ate here with a bunch of guys during a recent trip.  We managed to get a room/section all to ourselves which was good because we were a rowdy group and many of the other people in the restaurant seemed to be couples enjoying a quiet dinner.We ordered and went with more of a family style meal, lamb samosas, raita,  lamb biryani (very good!) chicken tika masala was excellent and there was another dish of lambchops which was outstanding.  Plenty of food for five hungry guys!  We added in a handful of Kingfisher beers and a good time was had by all!
3	We have recently moved from the UK, where it is not hard to find a reasonably priced Indian restaurant with great food. Gaylord had pretty good food, but the service wasn't great, and it was very expensive for what it was. Although we thought the food was pretty good with nice balances of fragrant spices, we can't justify going back because of the price...it'd have to be a heckuva lot better to warrant the cost. If you've got money burning holes in your pockets, knock yourself out! :)
5	A gem of a location for great Indian food.  I ordered my favorite, Chicken Tikka Masala, rice, keema naan.  Everything was exceptional.  Food was hot, beautifully cooked and service was fast without seeming pushy.  The atmosphere lighting was subtle so potentially good for couples, which I did see a few of in the establishment.  I would go back there in a heartbeat if ever in Vegas again.
3	If your at the Rio is probably the best food in there. It's not the best Indian food but is acceptable.
5	We had their buffet yesterday afternoon and the chicken curry was excellent as was the chicken tandoori.  Our waiter even brought us dessert at the end of our meal.  The price was very good, only $15.99 each.
2	Smelled great at first, but buffet selection was below par and having the runs for 2 days afterwards just killed it.  Listening to poolside techno at an Indian buffet was also weird.  DO NOT eat there before you go to the airport or a club, unless you're prepared to lay down some serious toilet paper on the seats.  Worst decision ever.
