5	Had an accident? Need your car fixed? Mirage Collision is the place. No ifs, ands, or buts.I was involved in a terrible car accident in 2011 and the entire left side of my car was basically destroyed (thanks red suv). Luckily, my mother found this place for me to take my car to. We went together and both felt like their estimate for fixing my car was the most honest, and upon talking to Thuy, I knew that me and my car were in good hands.I am very grateful for how quickly and efficiently they got it done.  My car is once again in perfect condition.This review is posted pretty late, but it is just another way for my to express how thankful I am. I still continue to take my car here for any checkups or if I have any questions they're more than willing to help!
5	Took our car here after a rear end collision.  They took care of everything including helping us get a rental car!!! The service does not get any better than here!!!  When we picked up the car, the car looked brand new again!!! You couldn't even tell that it was in a wreck.  I then also decided to bring my other car here to have the starter replaced.  They had my other car running in no time!!!
5	My truck got hit and I took it too Mirage Collisions and they repaired it back to new. I'm so ecstatic to get my truck back and it feels just as good. Their quality is great and their pricing is reasonable. I like the way they make you feel as if you are their best customer when calling or stopping by. There's a comfortable lounge and tv for customers leisure.
5	Best body shop in town.  Great prices and will pay part of deductible if needed.
5	They do everything you need without asking, always 10 steps ahead and whatever questions you have, they answer!! It's always good to know and trust a car doctor!
5	I took my truck here to get fixed, and they did a great job. They are all about making sure your car is fixed and back to 100% before you drive it out. The staff is really friendly, easy to talk to, and try their best to make sure you're taken care of. They take alot of pride when repairing cars. I had my dad, and coworkers gotten their car fixed here, and now they're repeat customers.
5	Call these peeps of mine, It's a family owned Business & I've know them since I've lived in the US :-) Very professional and get the job done right!
2	After reading other Yelpers reviews I took my car down here to get an estimate. I had a small dent in my back bumper and part of my front bumper had popped off. When I got there I wasn't really sure where the office was-just saw the garage. A guy spotted me and I believe he was the owner. He took me inside after looking at the car to get an estimate. He had to make a call to see how much the clips were. After he was done pricing everything out it came out to about $600, but he said he would do a discount for around $450. I did not think my car had that much amount of damage so I said I would come back. I drove down the street and Bumper Medic fixed everything for $116!!! Glad I walked out!!
2	After taking my car here and having the front end fixed,  windshield repaired,  and Windows tinted for a great price, I thought I was leaving satisfied.  Once I got home I realized my smog lights and automatic rear view mirrors were not working and the door was not shutting properly.  When I took the car in everything worked perfect,  I just wanted body work done. I took the car back and they happily fixed it and even popped out a minor dent for free. Leaving the shop happy once again only to find out my taillights are now not working.  Finding this out at 1 am when ur leaving work is not the best feeling in the world.  After getting back in touch with the shop, they responded they had not touched the tail lights. they were working fine when I bright the car in. I was too frustrated to even go back and let them "fix" THEIR mistake.  They also quoted my other car, which is a nissan versa, 700 $$ to Fix the air. They have a huge sign saying free estimates but they charged me 125 $ to diagnose my air conditioning.  Your joking right! ? Need less to say I never going back.  2 stars for popping out my dent.
2	Price: The quote price seemed fair and was only slightly higher than the other body shops I had received quotes from. This location had a lot of stars so I figured it would be worth it...The Job: I got t-boned pretty bad on the passenger side and needed both doors replaced. When I got the car, the exterior of the car looked pretty good i will admit. Nothing to complain about exterior aesthetics.Below are the reasons why I had to knock this review down to 2 stars:-the passenger door wasn't aligned correctly on my car so the door sensor thought the door was open even when the door was closed. this also meant I couldn't lock my car because the car thought the door was open...-When I picked up my car, it reeked of cigarette smoke...-I received the car without the radio code entered and could not use my gps or radio. I was told that only one person at the shop could enter the code and that he showed up at random times so I was told to wait for a text message and hope I happened to be available...(a google search 20 minutes later allowed me to do it myself...)-I was told the hours don't actually include Saturday which makes it difficult to bring in your car if you work 8-5 or 9-6 during the weekday and can't afford to take time off-there was a hole in the leather passenger seat about the size of the penny that was not there previously
5	Outstanding service! They aim to please the consumer, not their pocket books. words cannot describe outstanding they are or how pleased I am. Highly recommended!
2	So I took my car here after an unfortunate run in with a parking lot cement thingy that nearly ripped my bumper off.  I felt ok about the place based on the reviews even if the front office wasn't the friendliest.Well here I sit today getting estimates from other body shops to possibly have the work redone because of the 3rd issue I've had since I picked the car up.The day I picked it up there was a piece sticking out from underneath the bumper just in front of my front drivers tire.  They took it back and brought the car back without the piece there - no idea what was done with it though.  Was it removed?  Put back where it should have been?  And why didn't they notice it if I did??Then I went to Jiffy Lube shortly after who informed me my skid plate was missing half its bolts (cause those aren't important).  Now I've had the fender liner of the front drivers side (where that piece was hanging down) come flying off my car while I was doing 75mph in the middle of the AZ desert.  That was lovely.  And now there's tons and tons of road noise coming from the bottom of the car.I suspect not all the pieces that should have been replaced were.  It probably would have cost more but it would have been nice if they had included all necessary part replacement in their estimate, or given me multiple estimates and let me make the choice.  Now they've left me with a vehicle that I fear.I will never return here (not even if it was still under warranty) and I will never refer anyone I care about to this business.
