4	Le Di-Vin has recently appeared beside its French counterpart, La P'tite Folie, a restaurant that has long been an established and frequented culinary establishment at the west end. Le Di-Vin is all about wine exploration, so if you're the kind of person that likes to try two or three different wines of an evening, or possibly more, then this would be a good place to start. You can get pretty much every wine sold here by the glass, bonus, because it can be really annoying if you venture somewhere and there are about two wines sold by the glass, none of which you're keen on. There are times when ordering a bottle of white wine to yourself is not a good idea...actually, you should probably never do that, because it's probably classed as a cheeky bit of binge drinking. With more than 60 wines to choose from, this is an extensive and really well varied menu.You could also add to the Frenchness by ordering a cheese board or some charcuterie items, and the bar serves other light bites.Le Di-Vin has gone for a traditional, fairly relaxed look, so it's not one of those wine bars that's overly polished and too stylised for you to feel comfortable and enjoy yourself. The bar area looks great, with the wine bottles stacked to the rafters, and there's a fair bit of table space, plus a small mezzanine floor.
4	This hidden away bar sits next to Le petit Folie in the West End (just opposite Sygn bar).It's got a great atmosphere. Comfortable seating. A lovely long bar area to sit at and an upstairs area. It has a huge montage painting of various French and Scottish famous people (try and guess them all - some of them are very difficult to work out!)It mainly does small light bites and sharers for food. It has a great and varied selection of wines to try out by the bottle and glass. There is certainly an 'over 50's type' that frequent this bar but that is not to say not go if you are younger. I think it's a lovely place for a quiet drink during the week and to catch up with a friend, or for a date.It can get busy with financial types after work, especially Wednesday/Thursday/Fridays.The croque monsieur is delicious, as are the various charcuterie and antipasti dishes. The food is quite pricey but definitely high quality.Will certainly keep going there!
4	Great atmosphere with the French maitre d'. The food is nothing special but the atmosphere always makes us go back. Fixed menu is good value. Mostly have to book as it gets very busy.
2	We attended this place for a work colleagues leaving do, and although a wine bar isn't my usual joint I quite enjoyed a glass of red here. It was overpriced for what you got, but it's meant to feel exclusive I guess.Unfortunately on the night an elderly gentlemen on his retirement starting making trouble in the neighbourhood, he got in one little fight and the rest of my party got scared,  so we moved on to a pub on the corner of bell air.Unfortunately the owner refused to eject the trouble maker as he was a regular big spender which leads me to my next point.The clientele is basically over 50s, old Edinburgh money, as there's a fair share of sports cars and range rovers parked outside. Not the place to go if you've come out for a night of chat and banter with randoms.I might not be old Edinburgh money, but I can certainly choose where to spend mine and I don't think this place would see any of my hard earned pennies again.
3	Hmm, is it normal for a place to bring your bill after you order drinks?? When you're sitting at a table? This really annoyed me. Do I really look like the type to do a runner?!?  Don't answer that.....:)Went here for a few Vinos with my brother and his friend. The ambience isn't particularly great but it was early. Having been here before I know it's a nice place for a glass of wine especially at night when they darken the lights a bit. Unfortunately we were full after our afternoon tea. I say unfortunately as the cheese and charcuterie boards looked great. I always forget about this place for food. For me it's more of a watering establishment but then I see the menu and think "I always forget about this place..." And so it keeps happening... It's ideal if you're meeting someone for a "catch up and nibbles" or pre/post lunch or dinner.
4	Hidden wine bar just off Charlotte square with a lovely selection of wineI really like this place, it is hidden behind Le Petite Folie in a beautiful building with a glass roof . The selection of wine is great and the staff are very friendly. The wines are in a huge display over the bar and there is also a little balcony area that you can reserve.It seems very popular as an after work drinking place as it is full of businessy types from about 4pm. The food is distinctly average but not bad for the price.  Some reviews say its overpriced but I can't agree - the shared platters of charcuterie and cheese are pretty good, very filling and only marginally dearer that a chain pizza from round the corner. The homemade soup delicious too. I say give it a try!
5	How could I not give this place 5 stars?? I spent New Years Eve with a very special person and we drank lot's of good Merlot (we even got a free glass at one point since it was new years) they played loads of classic Motown stuff and had a cheeky shot on the dance floor too. Then we went to Princes St to watch the fireworks from the castle and then were allowed back in no problem to spend a couple more hours! Perfect evening.
4	Mrs M and I popped over to "Le Di-Vin for to celebrate some good news.We shared a Les Planchettes Charcuterie and Cheeses and a bottle of Klein Kloof Chenin Blanc from South Africa.The Planchettes was a "Medium" sized platter meant for two and whilst the food was delicious, the portion was (IMHO) was very small. The Cheeses were very wonderful and everything tasted so fresh.We washed it all down with some Chenin Blanc, which went oh so well with the food.As the portion of food was, er, shall we say, a tad on the tiny side, We plumped for Les Tartines - Goats Cheese, Red Peppers and Jambon de Bayonne, which was delicious. I love Goats cheese and was not in the slightest disappointed with this.The service was good, although when we asked the waitress for some Balsamic Vinegar she clearly did not understand us and instead brought us a small bowl salad dressing.All in all, we enjoyed ourselves and I give LDV 4 Stars.
