5	We have been bringing our pets here for about 6 years now. They are always very friendly, go over all possible options when it comes to healing your sick pets and don't try to push any unwanted services on you.
4	I had taken him to this vet clinic before, and had had a frustrating experience (the vet kept telling me that my very calm cat was stressed out). This same cat was having some issues with sneezing and coughing, so we had to take him to the vet again. We ended up with a different vet and a different tech. This tech took the time to keep our cat calm (even during the thermometer), and made sure that I was aware of the full process for my cat's treatment. The vet was very nice, and listened to everything that I said. The clinic was able to give my cat an antibiotics shot so I wouldn't have to give it to him orally, and the clinic provided me with support on how to give my cat the anti-virals without him spitting.  All of this was relatively cheap- only $140 total! Two days after the appointment the vet actually called me to see how the sick cat and the healthy cats at home were doing! I've never had a vet take that kind of time for me/my pets.They can be kind of pushy about services (cleaning cat's teeth, etc...), but overall, I think that they understand that sometimes there just isn't the money for it.
5	I love this place.  I have been to many veterinarians, but this place blows all the others out of the water.  It was hard to find someone that cares about my animals as much as me.  I came in because my cat was peeing on my furniture.  This was not the first time she had done this so it started to concern me.  They diagnosed her as much as they could before they ran tests.  They came in with a price sheet to let me know how much certain tests would cost and which ones were not necessary.  Some tests were just to have a thorough analysis of my cat.  I opted out because they were a bit pricey and if they were not necessary I did not want to go through with them.  They found she had a urinary tract infection and gave me medicine as well as some urinary OS food they sell there.  I have two cats so I was concerned the food might not sit well with my other cat.  They told me it would be fine and even helpful for my other cats digestions.  Well it has been a year and I haven't had any problems since.  I highly recommend this place.  They are very caring and want to help your little creatures.
5	Very happy with the service provided here.  The atmosphere is very calm and inviting. All services were discussed before being decided upon, and I did not feel pressured to obtain services I wasn't interested in.
2	I brought my sick cat in with some very specific requests- I had a fairly good idea of what was wrong with her (having been through this particular illness before) and knowing the treatment that had worked best for her last time she had this problem. I am new to the area and was searching for the right vet to help take care of her.The vet tech at the hospital was amazing; she was very caring and I could tell she knew her stuff. The vet whom I saw, though, left me with a very bad impression. He recommended all kinds of expensive tests that my cat did not really need (I had learned that from experience). Even after I explained to him specifically what I wanted, he really tried to push the expensive tests by giving me worst case scenarios. I honestly felt like he was trying to capitalize on my affection for my cat in order to make money.Long story short, I took my cat to another vet with my same requests and was listened to this time. She got the medicine she needed and is now healthy again. Had I listened to the vet at Fletcher Heights, I have no doubt she would have eventually gotten what she needed, but I'd also be down several hundred dollars in order to get her back up to snuff.
5	I love this Vet office! Dr. Venable is amazing you can really tell that Veterinary Medicine is her passion. Both of the Vet Techs I have worked with are awesome too! I brought my puppy here for a tick treatment and for her puppy shots and I have had a phenomenal experience so far. Dr. Venable even called to check and see how my puppy was doing after her tick treatment which I really appreciated. I would give 10 stars if I could!
1	Really disappointing with Fletcher Animal hospital. Chose this animal hospital because of the previous good reviews on Yelp. Brought my puppy in because I suspected she had Giardia, which she has often. I called before hand to get prices for the exam and stool sample. Upon arriving, we waited at least 45 minutes to get in a room (they said they were getting it ready). The vet tech Stefan (who is awesome) sat in the waiting room with us and started the exam by asking us questions. We went in the room, waited some more, finally saw Dr. Venable for maybe around 4 minutes. She barely examined my dog. I brought in all her previous records and she still recommended I get more of the same vaccines my dog had received 3 months ago. In the end I was charged much more then what I was quoted over the phone (they claim someone new was answering the phone and gave me wrong answers). They pushed products on me and my dog that we didn't need. Never had a follow up with the results of the stool sample or to see how my dog was feeling. I had to call them many times. Will not be returning, already made an appointment to another vet in Scottsdale for he follow up. Definitely would not recommend.
5	Stanley loves visiting Fletcher Heights Animal Hospital and I believe they love seeing Stanley despite him providing all staff in close proximity a tongue bath. I have always felt that the staff at Fletcher Heights is caring, considerate, and reasonable in their pricing. Nothing is pushed on the owner, however, as should be, benefits of services are explained. If you can't afford a service you want, they provide reasonable payment plans. They also cater to the local community by providing facebook notifications of lost and found dogs. Most recently, Stanley, though under the weather, greatly enjoyed (tail kept wagging) his visit with Dr. Schneider, Stephanie, and Heather. Stanley has also seen Dr. Venable and she provided the same competent and courteous service!
