4	Ok, most people hate going to the laundromat to do their laundry.  I have no choice but actually like coming here.This place is super-clean with a friendly staff (mostly Spanish-speaking but I'm fluent so THERE :P).  There are *no* pigeons running around this place.  Always a plus!You use a card here, no quarters dug from under the couch cushions.  I like that.  The place is spotless.  There's always someone cleaning up.  The machines are regularly cleaned out of forgotten socks and panties.They even have a little store with a variety of different detergents!  They are open late, which seems to be when I go there.  Many TVs throughout, tuned into different stations.  There's even a PacMan machine to play!
4	I get strange looks from my friends when I tell them I actually enjoy going to the laundromat. They always ask if our washing machine is broken, or if I'm in a domestic dispute over something. Yes, years of pumping caustic chemicals in order to clean clothing has corroded the drain pipe to the washer, causing spillage and overflow. But, I can wash seven loads of laundry, dry and fold in about the time it takes to launder one load. Fantabulous!Now, don't hate on me or throw those evil eye daggers my way, but part of what puts CoinLess so awesome is its entertainment value. Once I went midweek and met Robert from the Secretary of State office. He was accompanying a somewhat disheveled-looking gentleman in his washing (I believe Robert was helping out a homeless man and I think it's truly inspirational when one treats another human with dignity). Robert was having some difficulty with the product dispenser so I gave him the rest of my dryer sheets. See, good gets good. But today when I went it was a comedy of errors: a front-loader was leaking bucket loads of water, 98% of the dryers were in use *at the same time*, these punks were playing hacky sac next to me and this guy with shockingly hairy arms spent 8 minutes organizing his white plastic hangers. Eight flipping minutes!! Dude, they're all the same! You don't need to examine each one and relocate it for 8 minutes...but it was a great distraction. Another time I went I saw and entire family who apparently did not own mirrors that showed them from the neck down, as their clothes were a sick mess of too tight and too pink.CoinLess claims to have WiFi but I couldn't get my laptop to recognize the server that one time so I cannot validate this statement. Besides, when you have so much to observe, who needs the internet?
4	Yoser! A Laundromat with free WiFi! I mean how freakin' cool is that!?The place is well maintained and has PLENTY of machines ... The only issue I have with this place is that it's "coinless" meaning you will need to buy a card to use any machine. That being that, you will inevitably leave with a card that has money left on it, and the prices are not cheap.
2	FAIL, This place was cool when they first opened. I go here on occasion when I have a bunch of laundry piled up. You have to buy a card and put money on it. Well I have a couple of cards as I have forgotten to bring it before. Well I go to use one of my cards and it says invalid card. I had money on it and bought it here. Well I call the number on the back and it rings to a full voicemail box. The attendant is rarely there but I asked her and she offered no help. They even state to fill out a refund form located next to the cards. Well guess what, there are no forms or a place for them. As far as the place, it used to be clean but they cut the help and so it goes hours with no attendant. One time I was there and there was even food on the counters that someone had left. The prices are pretty steep to use the good machines and the driers take at least two cycles to dry anything. It is sad too because this place used to be nice.
3	*There is no free wifi here*I go here on a weekly basis and on occasion you can mooch off some of the surrounding companies wifi but their is no "Coinless" wifi. Their are always machines open. They have top load and side load. The smallest side load is going to run you around 2.79 and although it says twice the capacity... I disagree. A comforter will only fit in the next larger one which is an extra dollar.They do have a bill exchanger that takes 10's and 20's and spits out 5's.The dryers recently went up to 0.60 cents per 20 minutes. Almost anything will dry in two runs on hot (load of towels, comforter etc).In terms of laundromats this place is clean and quite comfortable (in terms of climate). They have lots of swamp coolers running to keep the heat out. All around good place. On occasion you may get a Mexican guy that comes through and asks you in a really polite and interesting voice if you'd like to buy some tamales. So if you're lucky enough, you may get laundry and dinner done in the same trip!
5	I love this place my clothes come out smelling great and not like I did them at the laundromat. No children running around trying to knock you over while your getting your stuff out of the dryers and that's a plus!
1	I would not recommend this business. Their bill exchanger is broken with a sign that states "repairs are not scheduled". The attendants do not have cash so any bill denomination you insert in their machine will be loaded to a pre-paid card, minus $0.50 fee. Those machines also malfunction often causing purchases of new cards when you are only trying to add funds to an existing card. Each card costs $0.50, no refunds. I put the card in my purse and when using it at the dryer, got an error: Card Damaged. No one available for balance refund. Must buy new card. The front loaders leak detergent. The attendants do not speak English. Over two visits, I lost $2.25 in fees and a malfunctioned card (that balance was lost). There are cleaner, cost effective, customer servicing laundry facilities in the valley---I suggest you use any of them. Just not this one on Indian School and 7th Ave!
1	Avoid this place! I work long hours and need a place that I can do laundry late at night. For 5 years I have counted on this place to be opened between 10-12 pm.  Tonight I walked to this mat after work and arrived at 10:27 knowing I would still be in time because last load is at 10:30.  They locked their doors early and would not me come in even though just a few seconds prior they let in someone else. I begged to be let in and repeated that it wasn't 10:30 and I was desperate.  I was so embarrassed as peope inside were all staring at me. As if walking in the heat wasn't tasking enough, shamefully walking home with dirty clothes was worst of all.
2	They don't have enough swamp coolers, even for September. We dripped with sweat while standing in the saunalike heat of the place.  Inevitably, I got ripped off by one of their vending machines and the staff didn't care,even though the sign said they're authorized to issue refunds. Machines constantly need shepherding and prodding by management to run through an entire cycle, and I learned to look at the displays first to be sure it was working - they don't keep up with the signage either to tell you which machines are broken.  (How hard can that job be??) Besides the fact already noted that inevitably you end up with a magneto-card with ten cents on it, damning you to a cycle of re-visits for a card that never gets fully used up, the worst part of the "coinless" experience is that YOU NEED BILLS to load to your nifty "coinless" space-age-Jetsons-magneto-card - the stupid machines NO CAMBIO GOD DAMMIT, which is Spanish for "they don't accept change". So forget about your typical laundry-day dash through your car's change tray and rooting through your pockets.  It will help you not.Floor and bathroom are clean enough. Admittedly it's no worse than most laundromats, but don't let anybody tell you it's anything special. At least it's not the the hellish Econo-Wash down the street at 15th and Indian School, which is like heading to a third-world country, grab your pith helmet, quinine pills and snake stick.. Despite the reviews below, this laundromat had *no* WiFi at all in 2013.  Maybe they did at one point, but it must have broken down like everything else, or maybe they're trying to figure out still how to charge for that, too. Husband adds plaintively, "Can't the Health Department require WiFi in all laundromats?"
2	Prices are reasonable, but the place is dirty. Better than the other one on 15th which looks dangerous.
4	No complaints.  Place is clean.  Plenty of washers and dryers.  $1 off 30lb washers on Mon. Wed. & Fri.  Some tvs around the place.  Alsi has old school video games...Ms. Pac-man.  Do like not having to bring coins as they have rechargable card to pay for washers and dryers.
1	Conveniently, the change machine has not been working for months and months as I was told by a customer. Want to know why? Because the extra money on a useless card that you can't use goes to the owner. Shady
5	It's always clean and the machines are working every time I come here.  I've never had a problem with the card machine, although the bill changer doesn't work-just know that it probably never will, it's been here since the beginning and all of the tweakers using it for non laundry related motives have probably ruined it.
