2	Summing it up here in the first paragraph...it is like Sizzler only with a Western Theme, and no salad bar.The service suffers from more mood swings that a patient in the state mental hospital, and the food can be just as random.  I had the shrimp dinner which was served on a bed of cale (kale?) that had more leaves than a rainforest.Ok, I'm not saying it is bad food, and some of the people there are nice, but Bill Johnsons is just not what it used to be.  This was mediocre fare served up at average prices.  Will I go back?  Sure, when I am bored and cannot figure out what else I am really in the mood for, this is a safe choice.  Is this a place to bring grandma for her 80th birthday?  Well, not for me, but apparently some diners thought so the night I was there.  : )  Wow is all I can say.
1	Based on our recent dinner, I don't think I'll ever go back to a Bill Johnson's restaurant...at least not for dinner. Breakfast there is pretty good and often times worth the miserable service, but dinner? Not again.We went recently.  Took 20 minutes for salads to come out of the kitchen. I don't know what's going on back there, but the restaurant was NOT full and there was no need for it to take 20 minutes. Salad is the basic bagged salad, a couple of grape tomatoes with dressing in little portion cups. How hard is that to put together and why did it take 20 minutes? A question for the ages I'm afraid. Our server was moody. She went from being friendly and interested to not filling a drink on our table in the 20 minutes it took her to get our salads out. She ignored us when she did come out of the kitchen to attend to her other tables. When she did bring the food, Dr. Jekyell appeared again and she was nice as could be and filled our drinks, only to disappear again while we ate. Thank goodness we didn't need anything because we weren't getting it. I ordered the Ribeye special. Since I received my education in the culinary field, I can confidently say that the piece of meat I received was NOT a ribeye. Since it took so long to come out of the kitchen though, I suffered through once again thinking of my motto to NOT eat at chain restaurants again.... There was so much fat on this piece of meat that I made a neat litle pile of it on my plate for the server to notice. She noticed but said nothing.  The mashed potatoes were instant potatoes and the corn on the cob was over-cooked and dry. But it was only $12.99.Oh and don't bother with the $2.99 margarita special. You get what you pay for and that's not saying much. I've given Bill Johnson's many a try over the years because back when I was a kid, this was a great restaurant to go to and the food was always really good. As of today....I think the only way they stay in business is because of their breakfast. It sure ain't the dinner or the service. I am hoping this is my last visit to Bill Johnson's but alas, I'll probably try them again in a few months hoping that they will be like they were years ago, but I'm sure reality will kick me in the gut again, much like the crappy dinner we had on Friday night. *sigh*
1	Bill Johnson's has been in the valley forever.  I think its time for them to go.  My wife and I have tried it twice and both times it has been horrible.  The service is bad.  The waitress was rude, slow and needed work on personal hygene.  The food was not very good.  I ordered a hamburger and fries.  The burger was very dry like it had been under a heat lamp for a long time and the fries were pretty much the same way.  I still cant figure out why whenever I drive past this place the parking lot is full.
4	Since the last review of the place took place in March of 2009 it seems they have improved a bunch.  Not sure if its new management or maybe its a change of style but I have eaten here many times and the food has been great.We have had some of the friendliest servers in the valley here. The last time we went to Bill Johnsons our waitress went out of her way to make sure we had everything hot fresh and timely.  Whats cool is every night they have a dinner special.  They have one called the BBQ blowout it has Beef Ribs, Pork Ribs, Chicken, a sausage, rolls a salad and beans all for 9.99.  That's a great deal.  They also have really nice prime rib and beef rib specials.  The BBQ is pretty good.  Its pretty similar to what you would find at a chain BBQ place.  I recommend getting BBQ only on the special because then its more worth the money.  They have really good steaks and burgers, and the chicken is outstanding.  Stick with chicken and you wont be disappointed.  A little warning they do have sawdust on the floor as it is part of their theme.  Overall I like this Bill Johnsons its not a bad meal and for the money you cant lose.
3	The West Valley is devoid of unique independent (meaning not a chain IE. Denny's, IHOP, Village Inn, Cracker Barrel, etc.) breakfast places so on my quest for something different ventured into Bill Johnson's Big Apple Barbecue.  Even though there are several locations around the Valley their website states they are still family owned. The menu, though relatively limited, is what one would expect from a "Cowboy" restaurant. Country fried steak and eggs, steak and eggs, biscuits and gravy, etc. and if you can get past the surly, yet moderately capable, waitresses it's not bad.Lately my West Valley breakfast locations are Cracker Barrel, Mi Mi's and Bill Johnson's so the search continues for a great place for breakfast.
3	Starch Paradise
2	This is not the Big Apple from my childhood. I have tried this place twice in 8 years, they ran out of ribs the first time and food was just not good the second.....waitress was cool and a bit cooky, couldn't make up for the meal though.
3	I have been told, oh how good Bill Johnson's is, there breakfast is the best!!!! I don't think so! Daughter's boyfriend wanted to take me out to breakfast. So he took me here, he likes this place a lot. Daughter likes there breakfast a lot? I have no reason to come here a lot!!! Actually, this was my only visit. Did not impress me at all. I had there over easy eggs, hash browns, bacon, and a side of pancake. I do admit, I liked the pancakes. There eggs, hash browns, and bacon were just alright. Nothing special, no special flavor, just alright. Service was fine, other than that, I have no reason to make another special trip.
1	Horrible experience, bad service, sub-par food.
2	I wish I would have read Yelp before eating here, but fresh in town, tired and hungry and now, disappointed.  Based on just my meal, this place is a one, but there were 3 of us and the vote was a two.The menu sounds good, but the actual food is not.....
3	Went there on a Deal Chicken coupon for lunch.   We were seated quickly and the waitress came and brought our drinks on a timely basis while we perused the menu.   I had a pulled pork sandwich which was fine, not particularly interesting but OK.  However,  I did have a sample of the Green Pork Chile which was surprisingly spicy and pretty good.  The side salad was romaine which was a plus but for the first time ever, too much bleu cheese dressing, which I did not think possible as I love bleu cheese dressing. I did like the sweet potato fries that came with it.  My general impression was that it was like a Denny's with OK food to get you by but certainly nothing you would seek out except for reasons like it was close by, etc.  Prices were inexpensive for most of the menu.
4	We have been there many times for breakfast and lunch and have yet to be dissapointed. The menu isn't huge, but the food is good,the serving sizes more than adequate, the coffee flows freely (I usually have 5 or 6 cups with breakfast) the staff is present and friendly. Come to think of it, the coffee is actually a little on the bitter side, so I usually milk it down some - but I wouldn't refuse to drink it. The "cowboy" theme is a bit hokey (servers wear "guns" strapped to their hips and something is scattered on the floor) but I never let ambiance stand in the way of a good meal.I would rate the breakfast well above Denny's (which isn't saying much but is a well known restaurant for comparison) but maybe slightly lower than the Black Bear Diner just down the street.This has become one of our regular places and we look forward to eating outside once the heat breaks.
4	Breakfast was fantastic! The Snakebite Scramble has the most incredible pork chili (like a dark chili verde) that would rival 9 out of 10 breakfast places. Prices are reasonable, and we had great service. The yelp reviews make me cautious to try it for dinner, but you can take my word for it- breakfast was great.
1	Really, Really, Really BAD! The BBQ Beef brisket sandwich was so tough it couldn't be chewed. They replaced it with the pulled pork when the waitress verified that all the beef in the kitchen was that bad! The pork was like soup. Watered down pork soup with BBQ sauce on it. YUCK. Then there was the fried chicken. The chicken itself was good, once the huge chunks of bland batter were peeled off.  I like fried chicken as much as any Georgia girl, but this was just plain terrible. OK, I could go on about the "straight from the freezer" fish and chips, but you get the picture.Now the service: The waitress was friendly and got a good tip. The manager was very transparent in her attitude that we were trying to get a free meal out of it. Nope. Just looking for some decent food and Bill Johnson's is the wrong place. Breakfast might be better, but I don't have anymore effort to waste finding out.
1	This place is bad. I mean really bad. It's the only time I have ever had buyers remorse for a meal and it was the first and last time I chose to ignore yelp reviews and give a poorly rated place a try.The food was gross. The burger was average and the "Jack Daniels Sauce" was a luke-warm, globby, gelatinous, bitter-tasting atrocity served in a cup on the side.I don't think the french fries were even fried. I'm positive that they were bagged oven fries like the kind you get at the grocery store. There service was terrible. The waitress didn't seem to care about her job at all. She was bland and uninterested and slow as hell. She didn't even clear old dishes. The whole time I had a collection of cups at the side of my table from her not taking them away after drink refills. The place is decorated with awful and hokey cowboy/indian stuff... complete with the staff wearing holstered toy pistols. Also it seems like it's falling apart and bathroom was gross. Please do yourself a favor and drive past this place. You can drive 100 feet down the road to black bear diner and get the same foods 10x better for the same price.
1	We used to take my family here for the big beef ribs and sweet potato fries. I guess 2 weeks ago they changed the menu and the big beef ribs are now 1/3 of the size and they took the sweet potato fries off the menu. On top of that they raised the prices. So there is no reason to go back.
1	To all:Dis place is not the same anymore dey changed der menus 2 yrs ago & I have never went bak since. Miss the old Bill Johnson's. It's funny & its closed down now!
1	We had eaten at the Big Apple for dinner over the years, but it seemed like someone in our family would always complain, afterward, about feeling ill.  So we stopped going only to return occasionally for breakfast, which was usually OK.   The service was fair to poor, but not terrible, until today. I ordered 2 eggs, sausage, hashbrowns and white toast...pretty simple.  I ate it all and enjoyed it with coffee. As I finished up my toast, I noticed that the plate it was on was splattered with what looked like some type of salsa or tomato paste.  I didn't have anything red with my meal....my toast was served on a dirty plate..I pointed it out to the waitress and she said 'hmmm'. Then I heard her tell the cook about it, no apology to  me, no manager came over, nothing. We left and my wife mentioned the dirty plate to the cashier and she said 'yeah, sorry about that.'...we won't be returning to the Big Crapple.
3	Not awful. The chicken fried steak was good. My dad wanted to go because he grew up going there, so I was excited. When I left, I didn't really see what the big deal was, but I didn't leave hungry!
3	We went on a Friday night and the place was empty. I ordered the special for the night Prime Rib. I had a good meal. They have received a lot of bad reviews but I will go back.
4	I went here with 2 friends tonight for a leisurely dinner. It was the first time for all of us at this location, and the first time I've ever been to a Bill Johnson's. Two of us chose the Sirloin and Hand Breaded Chicken Fingers, and our other friend chose the Nate's Top Sirloin. They were all very good, as were the sides that we had: Steak Fries, Green Chili Macaroni and Cheese, and Green Beans with Ham. We even indulged in some desserts, and they were all great and very generous portions. Two of us loved the Rock Springs Bourbon Pecan Pie, and the other went with the Chocolate Brownie Skillet. Chris was our waitress, and she made the whole experience a very fun and enjoyable time. She's so outgoing and friendly.It's a shame that Kent, the manager who was on duty tonight, put a downer on our experience. Seems he doesn't know how to treat his waitstaff, and spent a lot of time firing orders at Chris and running her ragged. By the time we left, I couldn't be bothered to even acknowledge his presence. If Bill Johnson's is going to make a comeback, they need to greatly improve on who they have manage the place.In spite of his sour vibe, we will be going back.
1	My wife and mother in law ate breakfast this Sunday morning and had the worst service and food ever. The bar tender was our server and completely messed up out order. Bacon and ham was ordered on two of the plates but everyone received the lousy undercooked sausages. Yes, Lousy sausage's.For scrambled eggs the cooks used omelets and slice them up, not even close to scrambled eggs. My wife had ordered over medium eggs which came out over hard and she substituted her hash browns for a fruit cup which she never received. Shame on you Server/bar tender!! The cooks here are lousy. Rather go to Denny's where we now the cooks are trained to cook traditional foods and are consistently great with service. ONE STAR FOR THE ATMOSPHERE. IF THERE WAS A MINUS STAR SYSTEM THEY WOULD GET A -5
2	Myself, my husband and our son went on a Thursday nite and we were one of three tables there (at 7:00p) and it is as stale and boring as last time we went (years ago.)They got the steak and I got a sandwich (nothing else even sounded good).  My husband liked the green chili Mac n cheese the most and the toasted bread of my club sandwich was so dry it cut not only my palate but my mouth as well.  I could not eat it!  Steaks were smaller than before and the sides were just ok.  My onion rings were over fried, dry and tasteless.My husbands first beer on draft was Bud and $1.50 and the re-fill(?) was billed as a Coors and $2.50?? He swears it was a Bud!!Probably will never go again since there are many better choices to eat in that area.I did like their raspberry tea though.
2	This restaurant has the singular honor of serving me the best country fried steak in my 42 years of life unfortunately a week later they served me the worst charcoal briquette they had deluded themselves into calling a country fried steak. If they were consistently bad I would just never go there. If they were consistently good I would be there twice a week. They are however consistently inconsistent. If they retrain the chef and the manager I would love to come back but how they could let something so burnt out of their kitchen, that they knew was substandard and badly burnt as they hid it by covering it with the gravy before they took it to me. It only worked until I got home and took my first bite.
2	Went in for breakfast. We were sat pretty quickly but no one came to our table for about 10 minutes. Apparently no one was sure who's section we were in. The food was ok, definitely nothing to get excited about. I had to ask for a glass of water 4 times before they brought it. We have had a decent dinner there before and may go back for that sometime but for breakfast there are much better places in town.
1	I can tell you this I will not be a regular here. Sorry Big Apple but me no likee. You get good size portions but quality and taste is a big part of it too. chicken strips overcooked with a hard crust. .Whatever the heck the corn mush was tasted bad.  They are testing out a dark loaf of bread was supposed to be served with meal we got that toward the end. No bueno no flavor to it. I ordered a steak it was nasty dry and small. I was like this aint no rib eye. There was no steak sauce. Oh and the smoked chicken was so overcooked it was very dry I think it was old ugh. Well at least we had a nice time with the family. Thats all that matters.
1	Can't tell you about the food cause we never got any. After a 35 minute wait we walked out. Check out the other reviews and I concur. Don't hate your self and go somewhere else.
1	one of three tables in the resturaunt. waited ten minutes no service at all not even a drink order.  When we went to leave the bartender-waitress told us to not let the door hit us on the way out. yepppp wont be back ever..
1	Soooo thought I was going to be in for a big meal.... In for a big disappointment.  Tuesday night. 6 people on the entire restaurant and they're OUT of 10 oz steaks... REALLY? ? Didn't even offer to upgrade up to 12 oz at 10 oz pricr. Bunch of CRAP. We left. STILL HUNGRY
5	I love this place for breakfast! ! The AZ omelet is outstanding. The biscuits and gravy are delicious.  I'm so sad that they closed this location :(    what happened? ?????
4	My younger brother and I went there for breakfast/lunch. Typically, I have to deal with the prejudice and rudeness of waitresses on whether we are able to "tip good". In this instance, I felt incredibly comfortable and the waitress was Astounding. Never have I received such respect and she made a point to engage my younger brother in their "reward scratchcard". It was a wonderful experience and I am planning to go again this week. Wonderful service, full of fun and lighthearted atmosphere. I tipped a good 30% for their kindness and enjoyed the overall atmosphere. I am astounded by the amount of negative reviews.
