4	I ordered a birthday arrangement through the corporate site, and this location arranged and delivered. Everything worked out lovely, and with less than 24-hours notice! I would've chosen a local florist, but this place was cheaper and my office is now on a budget.. :(
4	I have never actually been to their location but we occassionally order arrangements from here for occassions like birthdays or bosses day, etc. since they are located very close to our office building.  They always arrive fresh and on time.My husband actually sent me chocolate covered strawberries from here for Valentine's Day this year.  It was such a nice surprise!  They were soo delicious.  Just like flowers, a little impractical since they don't last long, but at least with the strawberries I did walk around and offer some to my cube-mates... a great excuse to show off what a wonderful hubby I have. ;0)
5	Called the Scottsdale Az location from STL to send my son who works in Scottsdale a Birthday present. The person I talked to was so helpful in finding the right arrangement for me. It was delivered to my son's office and he was thrilled.  Beautiful, yummy  arrangement, and he was able to share with the people in his office.  Thanks so much EA..
1	Ordered an arrangement at 830 am on Valentines Day. This should be enough lead-time to get the arrangement delivered only 7 miles away, right? WRONG. I even called twice during the day to check on the order so that it got to where it was intended on time. "Oh sure, your arrangement is out for delivery" is what I was told each time. Then, I call again after 5 and this is what I get: "Oh, uh, our driver got stuck in traffic. He called your wife and tried to get her to meet him somewhere, but she said she couldn't, so we're going to have to deliver it tomorrow." REALLY? You want my wife, who doesn't know your driver, to go MEET HIM SOMEWHERE? Gee, that sounds like a SWELL idea, thanks for the compromise!I went online to the corporate website to complain. The complaint went right back to the original store. I get a call the next morning: "Um, sir, I talked with you yesterday, and we told you that we would include some balloons, (NOT TRUE), and you complained online, so....do you want us to cancel the order?" SERIOUSLY? Cancel the order? Good customer service is asking someone if they want to cancel the order??? If I wanted to cancel an order, trust me, I would call American Express and deny payment. This franchise sucks. Avoid it. Go to another one.
1	Unbelievable!!! We order my mom, which is dying of cancer some "edible arrangements" for Valentines day, hoping it would bring a smile to her face! All day long we tracked the order and it said "in transit" the day came and went and my moms arrangement never showed up!!! Almost $60 bucks down the drain! We told my mom something was coming the day before, so she was excited, only nothing ever came!! And on top of it all, NOT EVEN A PHONE CALL letting us know that they were not going to be able to fulfill the order, at least if they had let us know we could have gotten her some flowers or something to replace it. THANKS "EDIBLE ARRANGEMENTS", thanks a lot for let my mom down!!!!!!!!  I'm not even mad about it, In fact I'm very sadden by it......
