5	Man, oh man. You've got game if you shop here. If I were a guy, I would buy my entire wardrobe from Stitched. A combination of classic and contemporary, suiting and street - this is how a man with swag dresses!The store itself is the ultimate man cave. There's a billiard table in the back, flat screen tvs on ESPN and even a whisky lounge with Macallan scotch lockers to rent. There are also several cool choppers worked into the decor. There's an on-site tailor stitching up sharp suits too, personalized with your name if you'd like. Probably the only thing missing is a cigar bar and hot female cocktail servers.Price points are really reasonable. A lot of the coats and blazers that I liked were around $250. You'll find ready to wear brands like George Esquivel, Jacks & Jokers, Rag & Bone, Cr8tive Recreation, Louis Stewart and Psycho Bunny.And girls, the sharp looking men that work here make the visit worthwhile too.
5	Cool place with up and down clothing wear. hidden back room with a place to chill and drink cocktails with the boys. it over looks the Strip and they have some sick bikes on display
5	Very cool place I stumbled on while waiting for my reservation at E.  I was surprised at how comfortable I was here.  Guess I am more hip and trendy than I thought!  The staff was very friendly and they are wheelchair accessible.
5	The owner spoke with me for over an hour on the history of the store. We discussed why he chose each product sold in his store as everything was hand picked. The ambiance of the store is done perfectly and would be respected by anyone interested in interior design. It is obvious the people who work at Stitched are deeply knowledgeable and passionate regarding fashion and truly love what they do. *I mentioned that I was going to be eating at STK that night and he suggested he walk us up (my group of 7 had no reservations on a busy night). I had a great experience here and look forward to visiting again.
3	I loved this place when I first discovered it by chance, just strolling through the shopping center not looking for anything in particular. Their in-store displays and bright, stylish clothing caught my eye and drew me in.Stitched has very nice clothes, well-tailored and with great style, if a bit overpriced ($240 per shirt!). Their sales staff is very smooth (they know how to sell!), but also very helpful. Turned out I liked their shirts so much that I bought three and had two shipped to me in California. Fast forward to a few days later when a package arrives on my doorstep. I could hardly wait to open it, but as soon as I did I was completely disappointed. Turns out the store shipped me a pair of shoes meant for a different customer, and my shirts were nowhere to be seen. We'll see how they try to fix this mistake, but with the prices they charge and the effort they attempt to make at providing high-end service, one would hope they could at least slap the right label on a box.
5	Amazing.  Cool clothes for mid level ballers.  Never thought I'd spend $330 on a shirt and a tie but there I was 30 minutes later saying goodbye to Misha with an adorable bag in my hand that said STITCHED on the side.  :) Thanks MishaBrady
3	I didn't expect to buy any clothes while in Vegas, but this shop has great clothing.   Awesome shirts and ties.   Suits were tailored well with great fabric.  I happily bought a suit made with Zegna fabric.   It is a beautiful summer suit.  The service was also great.  The only downside is the tailoring.   Rather than use the tailors.  I would suggest you buy the suit and have it tailored at home.   I had the shop's tailor alter my pants, and when I received them, the seat of the pants were still too tight.   Additionally, they had lost my receipt, and I had to send them a copy of my credit card statement to prove that I had paid for tailoring.
1	Stitched at first impression is like meeting that perfect guy who claims to be self-made.  Successful businessman who built his company from scratch and single-handedly remembers all the details.  Well, then it turns out that the kid's really a trust-fund baby who has a housekeeper, an assistant, a cook to help him and yet he's still barely holding himself together.I was impressed with Stitched too when I first laid eyes on the store.  That prime real estate at the Cosmo, those smooth-talking salespeople, the sprinkle of designer labels, and of course, that man cave in the back with the shiny leather couches and the Scotch cabinet.The Mr. has been wanting a bespoke suit for a while now and Stitched came close to his heart's desire.  After all, they showed us Ermenegildo Zegna cloth, poured us espresso, and talked fast.  I have a keen eye for shopping and luxury goods but being that this was an experience for the Mr., I asked my OCD self to take a vacation so he can shop in peace.  That was a mistake.We purchased a suit, a jacket, and 2 pairs of pants, all together ringing the bill up to almost a hefty chunk of money, the alterations themselves about being 50 times more than I've ever paid.   After missing the first delivery date of the clothes (both of the pants were the wrong length and width as well as the jacket), here we are after barely 3 wears of the clothes and the alterations are coming apart.  It is a worst tailor job that I've ever seen, the hemming haphazardly finished and many shortcuts in sewing taken.  I can pay about 5% as much and take them somewhere else to have a better job.Go to Stitched if you're buying something that they've bought from another place (like cufflinks or pocket handkerchiefs), if you don't mind paying more and already have your bottle of Scotch parked in their cabinet.  Don't let that designer fabric selection fool you, the in-house construction will be very inferior.  And in the end, what good is luxury bricks if the build of the house is terrible!
5	Great customer service from Branden! Enjoyed a fun time here and kept my cool as I know I could just go crazy buying some really nice mens wear to update my professional attire. Plus:Learned to tie a bow tie and a few cool new tie techniques. Enjoyed a shot of espresso and offered some scotch while I shopped.Bought a nice shirt and tie.Minus:Actually can't think of any other than knowing that I could easily bruise my credit card here if not careful....I will be back for sure and home to get a suit next time.
4	Excellent customer service.  We went in to buy a suit jacket at the last minute on recommendation from the front desk of the Cosmo. I could not have had a better experience - everything we needed, wanted and they got it done fast. They were also very accommodating in doing alterations when it was convenient for us and got everything done before we left town.  If for some reason they were not going to be able to get them done they had offered to ship the jacket once it was completed.
5	Stitch is a cute place and the staff is super friendly. They have a range of brands from Stirched to Jacks and Jokers
5	I love love love Stitched.This little men's clothing boutique in the Cosmo hotel is very unassuming, especially when compared to the nightclub-like AllSaints next door.  It's also very elegant, with decor reminiscent of an upscale bachelor pad, complete with leather couches and liquor cabinet.The clothing selection is excellent.  Their in-house brand offers up wonderfully tailored shirts and suits.  I adore the accessories, especially the collection of colorful silk ties that seems to go on forever.  And the hats?  To die for.I wasn't planning on buying clothing in Vegas, but I fell in love with the selection of Hudson jeans and couldn't say no to them.  And the prices at Stiched are actually reasonable compared to some of the other overheated Strip shops.  The real highlight is the staff.  Ryan B. was infinitely helpful and patient with me while I tried on various items and acted like my typical, obnoxiously indecisive self.I'd be back to give Stitched my business anytime.  :-)
5	Love stitched!!!! Everyone is so friendly and fun. Ask for Ryan for a great shopping experience!
5	This custom tailor & retail shop is classy and quality. Fine selection of men's clothes, shoes, accessories, knowledgeable high-end tailors. Would love to see how they can dress my man!
5	I walked into Stitched and into heaven.  The clothes are amazing and Jack was friendly and very helpful.  I'm going back tomorrow to check more clothes out.  Jack is the bomb!  Very soon I will have a new wardrobe of fabulousness!  Highly recommended for the individually fashion minded.
1	Called this place when I realized last minute that my maid of honor dress no longer fit and needed to be taken out. The tailor told me over the phone it wouldn't be a problem and would cost $45. Got to the store, tried the dress on, and the guy said he could change the zipper back to a corset back for $75. I agreed, as I was leaving town for the wedding in 3 days and was desperate. I changed out of the dress and all of the sudden it was now going to cost $175 to alter the dress. Really? Could he have made it anymore obvious that he was trying to take advantage of me since he knew I was leaving in a few days and needed the dress? Again, I agreed, out of desperation. Then, some other guy walks over, talks to the tailor in another language before laughing, walking out, and the tailor telling me he can no longer fix the dress because he doesn't have enough time and he's too busy. Are you kidding me?Avoid this place. They are shady and think they can jerk around their customers just because they are in the Cosmo. Newsflash, the Cosmo is barely surviving, which means this place will sooner or later be shut down, too.
5	Love the concept of this store!! Amazing clothing and great staff!! Cheers guys!!
1	Don't waste your money.  Bought an $1,800 suite here last September and it's already falling apart in less than 1 year.  It's LITERALLY FALLING APART.  The fabric is worn in the crotch and the seams are showing severe signs of wear and tear.  I've never had it dry cleaned and have only wore it 3-4 times per month in the last 10 months.I was initially reluctant to purchase from Stiched in the first place because of their shady reviews regarding their tailoring.  When I addressed these issues to their staff prior to my purchase the sales man used phrases like "we have new tailors", "those are old reviews", and "we now have the best tailors on the strip". Don't be fooled!  When trying to come to an amicable resolution with the manager 10 months later, he too said "I'm sorry and we stand behind our product".  This was B.S. because he didn't care about resolving this issue in a reasonable manner.  Shame on you Stiched.  I've had suits from the Men's Wearhouse that have lasted much longer. The only resolution that the manager offered was that he'd sell me another pair of pants (that won't match the existing jacket) at a discounted price.  I'm sorry but this is completely unacceptable.  I will never buy from Stiched again nor would I recommend you gamble with their product.
4	Pricey but very well put together clothing I've gotten t-shirts suits & socks from here everything is of excellent quality the underwear though falls apart very quickly after few washing.  When you look at the quality of the clothing in price you pay you could easily be expected to pay a lot more you get a whole lot for your money here if you're into fashion and looking good this is the price place to go and not have to pay a whole lot
1	Apparently, the tailor in the store is not associated with Stitched; they are - separate company. But either way, still horrible.
5	When it comes to class and style, nothing prepared me for Stitched. Every high end store I've been to in Vegas is the same, overpriced cloth with quiet and queasy salespeople. Ricci, the general manager, and his team were very hospitable, and not to mention hilarious! I ended up bringing friends by later to meet the staff and check out the swag.The Creative Recreation shoe wall was my favorite!! I initially bought two pairs of shoes, and have added two more since! The bowties are another hit; the briefs by Saxx are so comfortable, even I admit I feel as good as I look in them!Overall, stop by, take a look, see if you can sneak a peak at the lounge and truly enjoy this store! It's a gentleman's paradise!
