5	Great breakfast! Organic scrambled eggs with smoked salmon is a lovely break from the usual Scottish breakfast. Good coffee & decor and nice light & view of Frederick St.
5	Quite a risk opening up on the first floor (but cheap rents!) - this place seems a good esacpe from Princes Street shopping. It's elevated postition reminds me a bit of the sadly lost Edinburgh Book Shop cafe on George Street (now Brooks Brothers so at least it's still classy!). I enjoyed listening to the conversation of a couple of elderly Edinburgh ladies ... which again reminded me of the Book Shop cafe which was a favourite of New Town ladies of a certain type ...Fredericks main feature is its expansive art deco fenestration, presumably added in the 1930s to the original Georgian building, giving a light filled space and great views of the new town streets. Unfortunately only one of the windows opens so it was quite warm when I was in. The decor is great - all calming light blues and creams - very nice!I only had a coffee and toasted fruit loaf - coffee was fine and menu looked good.Sure I will be back as I am a sucker for good architectural space and good design and fittings ...Also great loyalty deal - buy 4 coffes and get 5th free!
5	Sometimes you just need to escape the madness of the city centre and Frederick's coffee house is the perfect place for that. Its like walking into the living room you've always wanted but are never ever going to have! Bright, airy, immaculately clean, perfectly decorated and there is a Barista in the corner who'll make you whatever tasty beverage your heart desires.  Discovered this place by chance, literally standing outside trying to decide where to go for a sit down and a nice coffee with a big family group ......."oh lets just go in here" we stumped for since it had started raining, the world mocking our indecisiveness. And boy am I glad we did! Plenty of big squishy sofas and armchairs to melt into, no line of people a la Starbucks, beautiful fresh flowers and a banana latte as the daily special. What more could I ask for?Well how about a free hot drink with every 4 you purchase? Done. 10% off my bill when I log onto their facebook page? Done. Clotted cream and heaps of jam with my warm scone? Done! I'm a coffee girl and loved my latte and the wide tea selection was highly regarded by my mum and cousins, not just your usual supermarket multi-pack flavours. And I could eye up the cupcakes all afternoon! Feel like I've finally found myself a sanctuary for when I need that half hour breather, maybe I shouldn't be sharing it after all!
3	Other than the lack of an apostrophe there's very little wrong with this establishment  service was good (although the thought that we might have wanted food after having longer to study the menu whilst our teas were being prepared seemed to get lost somewhere), decor is pleasant (some very comfy chairs to stretch out in) and it benefits massively from the large expanse of window facing onto Frederick Street.Food and drink-wise there is nothing on the menu that you wouldn't expect from a cafe of this kind so if you're after a surprise or a new taste sensation you'll probably be out of luck but, whilst not breaking any records, they do what they do well.Having not checked out the toilets on this visit (or the food for that matter) I'm hedging at 3 stars but would expect on current evidence that either of those things would easily push it to 4 the next time I pop in.
2	A quiet little coffee shop above the street.  It's location would make it a good place to while away some time if in need of a break, and the coffee was acceptably good.However, when I visited on a Friday morn, I found the wifi was non-functional.  One waitress clearly couldn't handle the task of making a breakfast sandwich and getting the advertised free wifi up and running.
4	Did I just stumble into a friend's front room? Is that the smiliest and most accommodating waitress in a coffee house ever?..oh, hang on there are two of them!I loved this place as soon as I stumbled across their inconspicuous sign in the street and made my way up the wooden stairs to the first floor. In I walk, the first to cross the threshold that morning I think, and it instantly felt like home. So much so in fact, I stayed there most of the day to work and took advantage of their free WiFi. I even came back for the rest of the week!!Scrambled egg on toast for breakfast one day and porridge the next, both excellent but I do think the menu is a little limited for breakfast or brunch. I know this isn't a restaurant as such, but as I was there all day (and i noticed a number of other WiFi squatters while i was there) I would have really appreciated something a bit more consistent. Kind of a pain in the butt packing up, going for lunch then coming back...damn, am I really that lazy, I had no idea?!But, the ladies that serve here are fantastic, very tolerant of my squatting too, the coffee is great and as one whole side is a huge window, the place gets flooded with light and you can sit in the window and watch the world go by on George Street.I'll be back to Edinburgh, ergo I'll be back to Fredericks!
2	the spot is hidden one floor up, the space is nice and nice decor aswell.The coffee is terrible for such place, i had a cappuccino and my friends had espresso and tea, the Coffee taste bitter and milk foam was ful of bubbles("death penalty" in Coffee buissines). A small coffee house can do better than this.....(like mimis in Leith, superb coffee)
3	After the reading the reviews for Fredericks I was mega keen, to say the least, to give it a go! After a very hard morning, of walking round town doing Christmas shopping me and my friend headed here. We were in the mood for Soup/Sandwich, something tasty and filling to keep us going for more shopping and til our pretty late-ish dinner we booked.Now, inside this little cafe is lovely, and if you sit by the window the views are nice. We went at probably the lunch rush on Saturday so it was pretty busy, but we managed to grab a table as people were just leaving. I don't know if it just me, but to have only TWO members of staff on a Saturday, at lunch time, near to Christmas seems utterly absurd. Needless to say, we sat for a good 10 or 15 minutes with dirty plates and cups in front of us. Had they come over a minute later, we would not have been there. I was very close to up-ing and leaving. The two staff didn't seem to have a very good system at all, both taking orders, both making coffees, and at points faffing about not doing much. All I would have needed was an acknowledgement, just a - sorry guys, I will be with you as soon as possible. No luck.We finally got our order taken, I went for the Roasted Pepper and Coriander soup, and my friend had the same aswell as a turkey and stuffing panini. That is what this menu was missing, he really didn't want soup with bread, then a panini with salad and crisps. Just the soup and panini. After placing our order, we still waited for a while with dirty dishes on our table. At one point an empty table was actually cleared before ours. Which really did baffle me.But down to food, soup was delicious. I had expected a blended soup but no this had lovely strips of roasted red peppers in it, yum yum. My friend enjoyed it just as much, he said his panini was good too. So overall I was not massively impressed by Fredericks Coffee House, although the cream tea looks amazing, I was very envious of the ladies next to us. Would give that a go if I am back there again.
5	Fredericks has become a regular haunt for my friends and me. It's wonderfully cosy, has friendly staff, a lovely relaxed atmosphere and is in an excellent location. It's the perfect place to sit and watch the world go by (without the world noticing because you're nicely above it) while sipping an earl grey tea and eating scones with jam and cream.  I've lunched there (the paninis are tasty) and afternoon tea'd there (the aforementioned earl grey and scones, not the official afternoon tea on the menu). One day perhaps I'll get there early enough for breakfast. Free-range scrambled eggs with smoked salmon? Yes please...
4	Great little place I never even knew was there! It's pretty much just a doorway to the stairs so easy not to notice unless you're looking.Had a tea and some cake, both very nice and staff really friendly.I was there to pickup a competition prize so it was always going to be a good visit I suppose!
4	I've been here a couple of times before and always had a nice coffee and cake or Sandwich.  Nothing to complain about.  The area is clean and tidy and a eagle's nest when you sit and watch out the window on passers' by.  Today I had a scone and 1)london fog 2) cappuccino.  Both drinks were hot and tasty.  And the scone was pretty tasty too and came with butter and jam warmed!  It's nice and quiet mid morning. it's good for a catch up with a friend or just chill out and watch the people pass by!
4	Tasty breakfast in a secluded second floor location. Well made coffee and friendly service. Will come again.
4	Stopped here today because I had some time to kill before heading to Uni. I am a fan! Not a bad little cafe. Had the entire place to myself at 830am which I thought was a bit strange because its a coffee shop shouldnt there be people?? But I was happy I have never had a coffee shop to myself! Ordered a cappuccino and a cream cheese and lox bagel from the two lovely gals working. Really enjoyed the bagel as she must have put extra cream cheese and there was a lot of smoked salmon on it. But it hit the spot and was a good breakfast. The cappuccino was also good, I went for a wet cappuccino instead of my usual dry one and it was nice and yummy. Over all not a bad little shop and I will be back when I have time to kill before classes. The only thing was it seemed a little over priced. I paid 8 pounds and some pence for a cream cheese and lox bagel and a double shot cappuccino. I dont know though maybe I am being cheap though. But besides that cool little place :)
4	I've been here several times. It's a very nice coffee house hidden away just off Princes Street. It's very peaceful inside with friendly staff, it has a good menu for quick bites and good coffee
3	Located smack bang in the middle of town, so handy for catch ups and a cuppa before having to run for the train or bus. Feels a bit lacking in soul to me, and was also quite cold (might be due to the huge windows without double glazing, brr!). Tea was fine. Again, this is a coffee place so it seems their tea is a bit less of a central thing. It was a standard tea bag in a pot. Just, you know, fine. Would come back due to location, as so central.
3	Third time lucky as they say to try something new. But is it worth the wait, to get a table and a cuppa in such a popular place on a Saturday with larger chains all around, I hear you ask? You know I wondered that myself as climbed the steps to enjoying hot food and drinks.Adequate and very comfortable seats with a large window to people watch from, and respite from window shopping on a crisp winters day on George Street. Or connect via the free wifi, as mentioned on the sign at the entrance.With candle on table, (supplied as it day turns to dusk) flickering slightly in the breeze of lots of people coming and going, I was ready to indulge in the offerings that Fredericks has. 10 mins in the door, was by now toasted like the fruit loaf I'd ordered very warm infact quite hot as I sat by the radiator but not quite as leg melting like a real fire might give you, although did feel like turning it down!In all for this brief shop stop; dam fine coffee, coupled with fruit loaf made the wait all the better, but don't let the blue room colours put you off this place, cause it's red hot right now, or maybe that's my leg catching fire?
5	Great coffee, lovely food and a relaxed pleasant atmosphere.  This is a gem of a cafe.
4	I happened to stumble upon this little coffee house while I was trying to find ANOTHER coffee house, actually. But when I saw the little sign and a sweeping staircase, I decided, what the heck? I'm an adventurous spirit.This is a very comfortable coffee-house with a pretty good view of the street below. The staff was friendly, my latte was delicious, and I had a little baked treat to go with it. It was busy enough with customers, but by no means overcrowded, which I like. It seems a good meeting spot for friends, and a nice stopping point if you're bushed from shopping on Princes Street, which I very much was today.A charming place!
3	I'd been meaning to try Fredericks Coffee House and got my chance recently when out shopping with my mum. Hungry and thirsty, it seemed to fit the bill - with the added bonus of getting to nosey inside a Georgian building!Good points? The location and the food - I had a smoked salmon and cream cheese ciabatta which was very generous with the fillings, alongside some crisps and salad. All very good. Plus they have a lovely range of 'posh pop', which whilst a tad expensive, were very tasty. Less good points? The menu isn't huge, which I was surprised by to be honest. It's a cafe so I didn't think it would be massive, but it just seemed a little lacking in terms of what it offered. They did seem to have an extensive alcoholic drinks menu though, which felt out of character. That and the service was pretty slow. It wasn't especially busy when we were in, and there were two members of staff visible. One was preoccupied with chatting to a decorator who was obviously in for a consultation, the other seemed to feel that putting away glasses etc. was more important than serving customer. Don't get me wrong, they weren't rude, they just need to focus better and what their priorities should be (their customers!). It was also super cold next to the old (original?) windows.I'd happily return for a bite to eat at lunchtime and it really is 'A-OK', but it's not my favourite cafe in town.
