5	excellent, excellent sandwiches.  almost too much food for a very low price.  corvette chicken FTW!!!
5	I don't even know what to say other than, I love Carhops. I've been eating there for years and I've never been disappointed. Good food good service, family run. The theme inside the sub shop is all about cars and there's a bar in back. I have an unhealthy obsession with one of their sandwiches called the z-28. ( see picture) Its a fabulous cheese steak sub and it comes with all the things that dreams are made of,  including marinated steak, sauteed onions, white American cheese and the more minced garlic than you can imagine. The bread is baked fresh daily from a local bakery and is to die for. Some times I get peppers and mushrooms too. I love this sandwich so much that last labor day i had my boyfriend pick up a sedan (2 ft) z-28 sub and bring it with him from Pittsburgh to Detroit. so we could enjoy it together on our picnic. Sick right? Well I'll have you know that I have seriously considered giving them a call and seeing if they would be willing to ship one to me in LA. No matter the cost. I've tried a few other things there too. I think it was the fire bird. Which ever one had chicken and marinara. That was decent. Their loaded cheese fries are awesome. Lots of bacon bits. They call them something else though. Something car related. My boyfriends favorite sub was the carhops special (hot) which is a favorite of many. I didn't really stray to much from my usual sandwich but they have lots of other subs and pizza too. Now let me just say that in the past five years I have tried to find a decent cheese steak sub that is at least comparable to the z-28 but its just no use. That sandwich is unique to carhops and always will be. The only place that has even come close is Jersey Mikes sub shop in Burbank. (which I'll be reviewing later) Its pretty good but I have nearly unreachable expectations for what I think a cheese steak sub should be so, I will continue to carry a torch for Carhops subs for as long as I have to. I love you carhops, I'd marry you if it were legal and sane to do so. - Love Laura
5	I love Carhops! I have been going there for years! They also have a location in Monroeville. They have hoagies, burgers, fries, wings ,salads sandwiches etc. Every hoagie is named after a car. You have two choices in sandwich sizes, coupe - 1ft and sedan - 2ft. They offer cheesesteaks, chicken, reubens and Italian subs.I love their burgers too. All of which are named after Lamborghini's such as the Diablo, Countach, Espada, Muira and Jalpa. My favorite burger is the Jalpa. It consist of a cheeseburger with melted cheddar cheese and bacon and is outstanding!There is also a full bar in the back.Make sure you try the home made ice tea! It is outstanding!Cash only!
3	After reading all the 5 star ratings on Carhops, we decided to give it a try. My hubby is from the East Coast; therefore, he is very particular about his subs. Carhops inside looks more like an old bar with few tables for dinners. We ordered Z28 and Carhops special. Z28 is nothing but cheesesteak sandwich with almost minced meat and few onion pieces. The steaks are thin and minced. The sandwich is tasteless.   The Carhops special consists of thinly sliced Italian meats, cheese, lettuce and hot pickled peppers. The seeds from the pickled peppers over taken sandwich, which leaves a taste of vinegar and pulps of peppers after each bite. After the meal, we miss Charley's Philly cheesesteak sandwich, which is a chain restaurant. Big disappointment!
5	Seeing the signs for quite some time, we were glad to learn that Carhops is now open in their new Strip District location!  1806 Smallman St, in what used to be "Bill's Produce".  Same great menu, same great taste!
