5	A neighborhood, hand-crafted, independent cafe. High quality, healthy menu. Fiercely motivated and fiercely motivational! Moderate price.This is a great place for breakfast or lunch or late night (advertising 6am-midnight hours). Great for kids, with a ton of healthy, kid-friendly selections like fresh squeezed Orange Juice. Tip; you can watch them squeeze the juice right in front of you if you sit at the bar.  Outdoor seating means dog-friendly.A wide selection of lunch-y, snack-y stuff like soup and sandwich/soup and salad combos make this a great place to meet and greet. Situated on the border of Spring Valley neighborhood and Westside neighborhood at the corner of Desert Inn and Rainbow on the NORTHWEST side of the intersection, this venue is minutes from the strip. Driving from Las Vegas Boulevard, take Sahara west (up) to Rainbow,  turn left (south) on Rainbow. The cafe is on your right with private, off-street parking.The coffee drinks are just too numerous to describe in one review, but everything you can imagine is on the menu.
5	Excellent food, service, and ambiance.  Everything was super fresh and flavorful. The soups are to die for with Eastern European flavors Spoke to the owner Renata, very sweet and accommodating and passionate about her new cafe.  Big plus, outside dog friendly patio!  Highly recommended!Todd and Sandra
5	Impressed!  My panini and soup were scrumptious.  I will definitely be back to try more items on the menu.  Nice decor.  I hope this place does well.  I think its a winner!
5	Heard of this place by my business partner who heard about it through word of mouth as well. Went to try it out and I love the interior design, feels very comfortable and the outside patio is spacious. Loved their hospitality and the quality of their product. My Coffee was perfect and I can honestly say it was probably one of the best Caprese Panini I have ever had! This is definitely as good as it gets! Actually writing about it makes me want to go back right now. I highly recommend this place for your next cup of coffee, breakfast or lunch.
5	Since I live in the area I have seen this place a million times and yet never dropped in until now. Noticed the owner had changed something told me to stop in. I amso glad I listened my gut. The atmosphere is charming, the menu enticing and the service just perfect.  I had requested a apple tarte for dessert when a voice from behind the counter suggested I have the" garash" instead. I was pleasantly surprised to hear the recommendartion. The presentation was appealing and the dessert decadent! I was even offered a sample of their oh so delishious Bisquit Cake, which is worth a trip The Strip View Cafe in itself! I recommended this restaurant to every one I spoke to today! Wishing them much success
2	I came here with a friend to pick up food to go for the 1st time. We spent some time looking at the menu and ordered 2 sandwiches each. 40 minutes later, I got only 1 sandwich. I told them I ordered 2, so she went back and put my 2nd sandwich in the bag. My friend's order came 10 minutes later and she only got 1 sandwich too. We were finally fed up and asked them where her 2nd sandwich was. They said they made it already but didn't know where it was. They told her to check "your friend's bag" and low and behold, 1 of her sandwiches was in MY bag. I asked them where my 2nd sandwich was and they told me it wasn't even on the ticket and that I didn't even pay for it. I was so hungry and tired of waiting I said forget it, I didn't even want to wait for the 2nd sandwich. They kept apologizing and saying they must've been busy, but there was no one else there but us. I believe the lady that walked in right before was the owner and she offered a free pastry and I couldn't even accept it. Despite waiting an hour for our to-go food, food quality is good.
5	Great place! I just discovered this beautiful cafe this morning. I had a very delicious latte and their deserts looked yummy! It's a nice place for hanging out with your friends or having a business meeting. Very good service and ambience.
2	I hate bashing small mom and pop places but this place isn't good at all. Had the panini which was extremely dry had another dish and was dry as well. I also had the chicken pot pie which was salty and the worst part had a piece of hair in it. That really killed my appetite. Threw in the towel and asked for the check and left very disappointed!! Won't be back that's for sure.
5	Don't let this place be a "best kept secret" if great diners in Las Vegas. Great panini's, soup, and desert.
5	Wow...just wow! I often give 5 star reviews, but you have GOT to try this place!!! The food, everything is from scratch, is some of the best I have had in town!! I had the B.A.L.T. Panini and it was fantastic. I didnt think it was dry like another reviewer did, but the only knock I would be able to give is the avocado was too green. My wife had the Senjanka salad and though it was rich she thought it was very good. Last thing...if you don't try their dessert I will punch you through your iPhone...in your face!
5	Very happy with service and food Came to a birthday party for a friend and we had a great time
3	Ok.  I hate giving this review.  In fact, I've debated back and forth for days about posting it.  I love yelp though and it's my main tool for finding new places to try out, so I have to keep it real.This location is super close to work so I was excited when the business opened about 3 weeks ago.  I tried it this week for lunch with mixed feedback.  I will give the cafe a second chance, because the food was decent.  The dining experience is what throw the overall experience off.  We sat outside on a nice patio, but if you aren't a smoker beware...it's gross eating next to a table, or 3 full of smokers.  Let me say that the young waitress was FANTASTIC!  She was super nice and energetic!  The problem was is she was the only wait person for the whole place during service.  I could not believe it.  I'm not sure how any business person could support not hiring more wait staff.  The poor waitress was running around too much.  She made errors, not because she was not dedicated, but because she was overwhelmed.  I give her credit though...she was so positive and smiled the whole time.So back to the food.  We had the BALT panini with potato soup and a turkey panini.  I had the peach smoothie as well.  I had asked for white bread instead of the ciabatta bread, which came out wrong from the kitchen.  We had to go back inside about the bread and got to witness the owner being short with the cook about the mistake.  She actually asked us if we told the waitress we wanted a different bread...ah yeah we did and she even read it back to us on her iPhone.The smoothie was very thick and sorta bland.  I wouldn't recommend it.  The potato soup had a very herby taste to it.  It was good, but not what I expected.  It was more brothy, than creamy.  The BALT had 2 small pieces of bacon and a sliver of avocado.  I felt like for the price it should have been more.The food was decent, not exceptional.  I would return because of its convenient location.  I hope as they get busier, the owner sees the value in additional wait staff.  I would worry about losing the one that's there.  And know...I don't know her, just felt bad for how hard she was working, but not able to keep up with the service needs.
5	I came for the first time to attend a birthday party. I met the owner who was so gracious and very personable. I had the Tuna Melt with a salad. The bread was simply fabulous (I wasn't planning on eating all of the bread but I couldn't stop until it was all gone. I loved the tuna and I am very picky about my tuna too! Everything is from scratch. The ambiance is great with outside seating that is very comfortable. Easy access, easy to find and parking is good. The service was very good. The prices were reasonable and the portions good sized.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Great place. Great food.And really good espresso. I've been here when it was "Natalie" coffee shop, and it was not so good before. The place reopened 2 weeks ago - beginning of April 2014. It has been totally remodeled and under new ownership. The lady that owns the palce took the time to make it very nice. She gave it a new name "The Strip View Cafe" and it really has a view of the strip. The decor is now great - it has nice wood and glass tables, comfortable chairs, stone tile decoration, good working AC, fans and fancy lamps, nice bathroom, free wi fi, etc. The menu contains coffee choices, salads, sandwiches and soups at the moment and they are also offering breakfast.Great start, I will be back again!
5	Great food and ambiance. Prices are better than Starbucks and way more high end. You feel that you are at European place..
5	Amazing new cafe with excellent service and exceptional food. The menu has something for everyone.  Perfect location at Rainbow and Desert Inn. Ask for Iris and Erica.  They'll take great care of you.
5	This place is a great little gem. The food was really good and the portions for the price are ridiculous. I had chicken pesto panini, daughter had 3 cheese panini, wife had tuna salad, all very good. The side salad my sandwich came with was actually pretty big with quality greens and fresh tomatoes. My daughter had the tomato basil soup, also good size, which was really good as well.The smoothie I had was not like the jamba juice type smoothie where it is extremely sweet. This had more subtle flavor where you could taste the various fruits not just citrus and sugar. My wife enjoyed her latte which is a high compliment as she is a coffee snob.The server was very attentive and did a great job.They have free WiFi so I will be having lunch meetings here to support this place and enjoy the value they offer.Summary: good food, generous portions, nice atmosphere, tremendous value.I very rarely write reviews, but this place deserved it.
5	This was my first time trying this restaurant and I would definitely eat here again! My co-workers and I had a tuna melt (which was huge), strawberry fields salad, and a chicken Caesar salad. No complaints from anyone. The ingredients were fresh and they didn't take very long to deliver. I can't wait to try more items from the menu especially the smoothies!
1	I'm surprised at how many positive reviews were for this place, perhaps it's because I ordered delivery and the food didn't travel well. But the meatball sandwich was coated in some weird cheese product and the avocado in the spinach salad looked so gross I couldn't bring myself to try it. Very disappointed with the entire meal especially after it costed me close to 35 with gratuity and delivery.
5	This place is a great place for lunch. Sandwiches, Paninis, salads, soups...all delicious. Interior is decorated nicely, good ambiance...very comfortable. I recommend.
5	Excellent service and amazing food..so full of flavor! Today's daily special was soooo good. .Hungarian Musaka w green salad.
2	I didn't dine in for this order; it was a take out and run affair. I grabbed food for myself and three friends, they ordered a tuna melt and potato soup, a chicken pesto sandwich, and potato soup, and I ordered the smoked ham and cheddar panini, a side of potato soup, and the cheesecake mini. I hate to be so down on a place, but my order was a huge bummer. The sandwich did have ham on it, but it was certainly not a panini; it was a cold sub. The worst shock, however, was that the "cheddar" was sort of a processed cheese single. The whole sandwich really didn't taste like much, and I was really missing the salty tang of the promised cheddar. So then I tried the soup, which was warm, and had a lovely texture, but again, very little flavor. It had a strangely muddy taste, and no potato-y flavor. None of the 3 of us finished it. My friends reported that the tuna melt was, and I quote "meh" and the pesto chicken was "Not bad, kind of a weird temperature". But that cheesecake mini was totally delicious! That was the star of the night, and that alone is enough to make me willing to try to eat in, try something else on the menu, and see if maybe I just had a bad experience.
5	This cafe is very nice.  It's in a strange place, within a business park, but that works out because there is plenty of parking. The Patio, and Interior decor is awesome.  It's warm, and inviting.  They have a nice sound system that plays relaxing music.  Jazz I think? The staff is friendly, and constantly check on you to make sure you're all taken care of. My favorite items here are the Panini's, perfectly made by the cook in the back.  Not to crunchy, not to soft.  Everything fresh. Another cool thing I like is their register system. It's all electronic, and the waitress puts everything in on an Ipod Touch.  This way the order comes out right the first time. Free WIFI!! Plenty of seating, clean, friendly, great food, great place to come for a work lunch.  And to top it all off a nice view of the strip to the East.
5	We held our first event here last night..a business mixer..and Everyone. .& I mean EVERYONE was really impressed with the variety of delicious appetizers provided...presentation..staff..just everything was fabulous! Highly recommended for a quick coffee..leisure lunch & now even a special event! Thank you!!
5	Hands down best place for lunch! The panini's and soups are delish! Highly recommend lentil soup with any of the paninis. Special desserts change weekly. I really wish they would sell their bread by the loaf.
1	We really wanted to love this place. The customer service is wonderful, nicest people, but everything is over-seasoned and over salted. With the menu and the decor, they have the right idea but they just miss the mark. The fig and prosciutto panini was over salted and the "figs" were I believe, actually orange marmalade. They also added romaine lettuce to the panini which wilted with the heat and adds an off-putting flavor.  Menu states "baby greens" not romaine. BALT panini was also not edible. Poorest quality bacon available and most likely re-heated  for the sandwich. The sandwich had a watery vinaigrette that just made it worse.   Nothing was fresh. Soups were also over seasoned. Side salad was good. I do like there homemade dressing.
5	Have been to this restaurant several times now . They have great food and as usual enjoyed . The service is friendly and staff are knowledgeable about the menu . Highly recommended
5	Lovely spot for friends and business. The menu is diverse with an interesting spin on classics with a Bulgarian twist.  I had the cucumber dill salad. So refreshing with the most delicious homemade vinaigrette and lots of fresh dill.  The cabbage rolls were so tender and flavorful.  Comfort food that doesn't weight you down.  Service was so friendly and attentive.  Patio seating is charming and it does deliver on those Vegas Strip views.  Free wifi makes it my new Westside business meeting spot as a great,  locally-owned alternative to chain coffee houses.
5	Good place to relax after the Spotlight on Vegas Business radio show! The stuffed cabbage was excellent (and I am NOT a cabbage person!) I think it was the Bulgarian twist! The homemade tiramisu was so #Yum!
3	Hm... I don't quite know where to start...I was in the area for church, and I remembered that this place was nearby.. My friends wanted to go to a juice bar, but I was like hey let's go get some coffee and I've never tried this place. I was a bit excited because whenever I passed by this area, it seemed nice. The outdoor seating had couches and comfortable seats, which you never really see so that's always a plus. They do provide ashtrays for you smokers out there. The inside was a bit dark. Not to say that's bad, but just not what I expected. Now onto the real review...I didn't get any food. Their menu was quite large. They actually do have one juice item on the menu if you really don't like coffee and you were kinda forced to come with your friends. They have a variety of food items..So..can you really call them a cafe? I guess so..I got a shot of espresso because it's on the house if you do a yelp check-in. But I was going to get it anyway of course because the real way to judge a coffee shop is by their espresso beans. It wasn't too dark as far as espresso goes. So as a learning coffee critic, I can't totally judge it, but I did enjoy it. My palette is still growing ;) I also got a latte, which tasted fine. As any latte should. My friend ordered a cappuccino, but it pretty much came as a dry cappuccino (double the foam). Doesn't seem like a very experienced barista, but for the most part they get the job done. Overall this place is just okay. I was glad there was a non-Starbucks coffee shop in the area. I didn't complain too much or else I would've drove elsewhere. In the end, they got the job done. They did what they were required to do whether it was the bare minimum or not. I wanted coffee and that's what they served. I didn't hate it, but I wasn't WOW'd over it either.My justeatit rating: WheneverIGoToChurch#justeatitgirl
4	I am so glad I gave this place another chance. The restaurant contacted me after my previous review very apologetic that I'd had a bad experience, and wanted to make it right. They are all so nice, they genuinely want you to feel welcome and happy at their restaurant.This time I ate in with my husband for a late Saturday lunch; and I will definitely be back. The restaurant and especially the patio are wonderfully casual. The kind of place I could see coming back to often for coffee and a treat when I want to enjoy the beautiful months of Vegas weather. The coffee is great; perfect foam, unburnt shots. I worked in a coffeeshop for most of college, so I get sad when coffee is bad; this coffee was pretty much perfect.I had the Snejanka; holy cow, you could see and taste the love that went into this dish. I had never had anything even close to this salad before, so it was a really fresh, exciting meal. It was also crazy rich and quite filling. I want to try the other bulgarian specialties there, and the watermelon salad! And the soups! The cold cucumber sounds so perfect for a hot vegas day. They do really great plays on tangy and creamy and crunchy. And the deserts. I'm not eating sugar right now, but oh man I want to try those deserts. My husband had iced tea (I am specifically abjured to remark that the tea was way better than expected for "just iced tea".) and the strawberry avocado salad with bacon. The house vinaigrette was tangy and wonderful, and the avocado and strawberries perfectly ripe. He is usually grumpy and gets unripe hard avocados when we eat out, these were at their perfect peak. He got a few bits of spinach that might have been just about to go off, but overall, both of our meals were fabulous.I will definitely be back, probably fairly often. I've been looking for a cozy place with a patio where I can bring my sketchbook and snack on a saturday afternoon when I can't get work done at home, and a great place to take my mom for a relaxed lunch when she visits from Minnesota. She always wants someplace to eat outside, and there are so few great local places I can take her. She'd love this place. Thanks for inviting me back, Strip View! I'm SO glad I took you up on it!  I'm seriously thinking my Eat24 driver couldn't stand the delicious smells, and ate our sandwiches last time, then replaced them with Albertson's versions to get away with his nefarious crime.
5	Really cute cafe, that has the option of sitting outside.  I tried their Chicken Pesto Panini with the Tomato Basil Soup, and I must say it was very delicious.  I'd have to say that I enjoyed the soup more.  It was extremely tasty, you could tell it was made from scratch.Our waitress was very nice, and attentive.  The vibe was very chill.  I thought the decor was cute!  Their lights are made of mason jars with a couple of random quotes hanging.Overall, it was a really great place to get lunch.  I'd most definitely recommend it!
5	Great place to come and chill. Food is making. I would say surprising. It comes out looking delicious and the taste doesn't disappoint.
3	A locally owned place on Rainbow and Desert Inn, Strip View Cafe does offer a view of the Strip in the distance (if you squint really hard) and some good eats. The interior is beautifully decorated with a rustic, yet trendy, motif. The staff, particularly the owner, was very friendly while describing dishes on the menu, many of which are made from scratch. Sandwiches are large with prices to match. The chicken pesto panini ($10.95) was excellent with its house made pesto, plentiful white meat chicken topped with melted provolone, tomatoes, basil and EVOO. It came with a side of not-so-creamy potato soup. Even more expensive was the fig and prosciutto panini ($13.95). It was good for a few bites but the cloyingly sweet fig spread was too much half way into the sandwich. The lamb curry pie ($5), made in-house, had a pronounced gaminess to it that benefitted from a curry sauce that added some much needed depth. Saving the best for last, the mascarpone cake ($5) was a tantalizingly sweet dessert comprised of multiple layers alternating between creamy and rich mascarpone and chocolate.3.5 Stars
1	There are only two breakfast choices on the menu. Some of the lunch sandwiches are good but I went for breakfast this time. Even with 2 choices I've gone for breakfast a few times because the coffee was good and the bacon was great. This time the coffee was different and not great. The bacon is no longer the thick cut real bacon that kept me coming back bits now paper thin and tastes like it's been microwaved. And I'm really not impressed with a huge pile of green salad with my small portions of bacon and eggs. Maybe if you stick to lunch choices but I won't be back for breakfast.
5	Ordered delivery while i was at work. Tried here for the first time. I'm a little further than there delivery area, but they came anyway. I had a panini and salad. The sandwich was soooo good! It was crispy on outside not soggy at all. I was upset i had to share my food with a coworker lol. Also got the Marscapone cake.. Holy Crap it was good! Definitely will order again from here and highly recommend it!
4	Located on the West side. If you like supporting local business, not just because they are local but because they are good, look no further fellow Yelpers. A great staff and a fun menu make it worth the trip. Plus there is a Yelp! Check in deal! (I wont tell you what it is, I will let you be surprised) They also do catering! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	The tomato basil soup and chicken noodle were delicious. My 10 year old licked the bottom of soup bowl. The kids enjoyed their meatball sandwich.  The sausage panini was very good. Lovely tables outside. We will definitely be back!
4	Staff was nice and helpful explaining the menu. Food was great. It hit the spot. I had the ham and cheddar panini and chicken noodle soup. Little pricey but worth it. I will be back. I'm excited to try the rest of the menu.
5	Back at strip view cafe, never disappointed when I come here. Great food, nice portions, great price. The coffee is ridiculous as are the deserts. Its a shame my review was removed because I don't review much. I just don't usually like places enough to bother with it. This small cafe deserves it though.
4	I have been here multiple times and have always been happy.  Small owner worked and local business.I have been here multiple times and have loved every time.  Have been for gatherings and for personal taste fulfillment.  I have had the Caprese Panini, Grilled Cheese Panini, Chicken Pesto Panini, Proscuito Di Parma Panini, Spinach & feta Panini.  All have had great amounts of meat, cheese and seasoning, the option of the soup or salad I recommend the house soup any time of the year.  My favorite soups are Tomato Basil Soup, a warm reminder of my grandmothers, it really melts in my mouth I can dip almost any sandwich in it anytime of the year it is soooo good and in the summer I love the cold cucumber soup this one I don't dip but I love it!  Every sandwich gives me 2 meals with the soup it is so hardy and filling.I love the decor in this restaurant it is inviting and warm modern and rustic kind of the perfect blend to have a meeting with a friend for a lunch or a quick after work snack work meeting also a great place for me and my girlfriends to meet for a snack pre drinks.  I live around the corner so I take out often but I have meet up with a girl friend to eat then wine after! :)A fan for sure!
5	The food was fabulous. I tried the beef and vegetable soup and my husband tried the tomato basil. Both soups were delicious and homemade. We also had turkey croissants and enjoyed them as well. Can't wait to come back again!
2	Strip View Cafe had some potential... but the indecisive concept killed it IMO.Is it a lunch spot or a coffee place? They are trying to be both, and when I ate lunch here and switched to work mode after that, I felt uncomfortable. The presence of a server alone put me in an awkward position, but when she frequented to my table, sending a signal that I'm no longer welcomed, it was time to leave.Even though I saw a couple of people seated in a booth and had their laptop open, it didn't feel like a place to get some work done.It's not the greatest place to have lunch either for the very same reason, it's a bummer considering that their food was decent.
5	I have been in numerous times and I love the feeling in there. The service is top-notch and the food has been consistently delicious. My personal favorite is the Chai with the breakfast special. The bacon is always crunchy, just the way I like it and the eggs were seasoned perfectly. The pleasant surprise is getting a delightful salad on the side that is drizzled with a freshly-made herb vinaigrette. Whether I pop in for breakfast or just a cup of tea and to do some work on my tablet, I'm never disappointed. The server noticed I was working and let me know they had free wifi too. Impressive, to say the least. It's far more cozy and quieter than Starbucks and the prices and value are better too.
