5	Kelsa is THE FINANCIAL COACH!  I have been inspired by her excellent newsletter and great insights into debt reduction.  Armed with a wealth of knowledge and an MBA in Finance, Kelsa can provide you with time-proven methods to position yourself to become debt-free and reach your financial goals.  I would recommend her services to anyone needing to get out from under a mountain of debt, or just needing some help with the family budget.  She can help you has she has me!
5	I thought I was good with my money until I took a huge paycut for a great job and moved across the country....then I realized I didn't know anything.Enter Kelsa. She is nice, humble, knowledgeable and fantastic. She really cares about you and your money and your state of mind. Its incredible what she can do with even the smallest of incomes to create a budget where you are saving, investing, paying off your bills and able to spend fun money as well.I have been working with her for a while now on my personal budget and recently created my own LLC for a new job/business...oh yeah people, she does business budgets too! People often get frightened by the word "budget" and think they cannot live a "normal life" if they go on one...quite the opposite people...not only does allow you to live a "normal life" but you feel better about it because you're not stressing about every little dollar!I LOVE KELSA!
5	FYI people, in less than a year, I have paid off 1 credit card in full and am about | | that far away from another...thats right, debt free in a year. All of that money that I spend now now and will go directly to ME! The decisions on what to do are now harder...I mean after working your ass off to pay off the plastic and focusing on only that, its hard to fathom that now I get to spend all of my hard earned money on me and do it now responsibly!Its awesome the Kelsa is just as excited as you are about paying things off, she even shares it in our FFP Facebook community and its great to see so many other people out there who are choosing to take their financials in their own hands.Thanks again Kesla!
5	Kelsa is the BOMB Diggity!  I have referred a number of clients and friends to her, and each one comes back singing her praises!  She is super smart at "finding" money in your budget, and re-allocating the remaining money to the stuff that really matters to you.  No matter what your situation, you MUST schedule a EUREKA session with her!  It's worth at least twice what she charges.  If you decide to hire her, you WON'T be sorry!
