3	The Ruby Relaxer is delicious! and its only 5 dollars, All The Time! I thought my burger sould be seasoned better but i loved the endless fries and the sesame wings. Those were really good!
5	This is our favorite restaurant in the Southwest Valley. We eat there several times a month. Even though its a chain it has an upscale atmposphere and munu. The food is always excellent. The salad bar is over the top. The staff is very friendly and the service is great. We've never had a bad experience at this restaurant.
5	My wife and I ate at Ruby Tuesday Saturday night for an early Mother's Day. Even though the line was out the door we got immediate seating because we had reservations. The service was still good even though they were busy. My wife tried the seafood treo, which she loved.. I tried the new Mahi Mahi and had them blacken it. I loved it. We love the ambiance, food, and service at this Ruby Tuesdays. We keep going back because we know we can depend on them for a good meal, a good value, and good service.
4	Good food and service.
1	The food was bland. I think they poisoned me too. If you value your life don't go here.
1	If you value your life don't eat here.
1	THis restaurant is terrible my family and I were seated after waiting 15 min and was never waited on. We sat at our table for over 30 minutes and no one came to take our drink order much less food. IT was like we were not even there. This place has terrible service. Stay away
4	We had not visited a Ruby Tuesday since 2006 when I visited the (now closed) location on University and Mill in Tempe. When I walked into this one, I wondered if it was the same place.The neighborhood watering hole feel of the old Ruby Tuesdays has been replaced by more contemporary, slightly upscale furnishings including comfy chairs and artwork. The salad bar is still there, though, and looked great.One look at the menu and you know it has changed -- for the better. They still have the great burgers, but they have been banished to the back cover of the menu. The emphasis is now on healthier but substantial fare like small steaks, seafood, and chicken.I had the dockside grill trio, including a small skewer of grilled shrimp, salmon, and spicy tilapia with mango salsa. This entree comes with rice and one side. I was disappointed to hear they didn't have the spaghetti squash, but opted for the mashed cauliflower. Good stuff.My wife had the petite sirloin and fried shrimp. The shrimp were coated in a cornmeal-type batter with some Cajun spice. Great job done preparing it.The service was friendly and efficient. We'll definitely be back!
4	Love RT. The salad bar is small but always stocked with fresh, high-quality items. I love their zuchini miniburgers. The staff is always friendly. And, I get coupons in the mail or newspaper for great savings. Doesn't get any better.
3	Let me start out by saying there were some very good things, and some not-so-good things.We received a coupon in the mail that came with an announcement of some new items on their menu.  My husband and I frequent RT's, but we haven't been in a while, due to our schedules.  We decided to go there tonight and see what was new.First off, our waiter, Thomas, was delightful.  He was friendly and attentive.  He deserves 5 stars.  We both went for the salad bar to start off with.  I love their salad bar, but when I went to get a plate, the first 2 I picked up were still dirty.  I reached all the way to the back to get one that was clean.  I did enjoy the salad, all the ingredients were fresh and delicious.  And, their little biscuits are wonderful.  I only wish they were a bit bigger.For our dinners, my husband got the Cajun Seafood Plate with mashed cauliflower (way too garlicky) and grilled zucchini.  He enjoyed the meal, but should've paid more attention when Thomas mentioned the garlic in the cauliflower.  I had one of their new items, the meatloaf with white cheddar mashed potatoes and grilled zucchini (I asked for it to be extra grilled, and it was...yummy!).  When imagining meatloaf, I get a picture in my mind of something very specific.  This wasn't it.  It was 3 small pieces of "meatloaf".  It wasn't cut off a loaf and served; it was sliced, then had a dry rub on it and then cooked on each side (at least, that's what it seemed like).  I'm not a fan of their dry rub on the ribs, and this tasted very similar to that...all over.  It also had their tangy BBQ sauce underneath and on top of the pieces.  I guess I assumed the sauce would only be baked into the top crust, but it wasn't.  I ended up wiping the sauce off the pieces and trying to maintain the flavor of meatloaf.  I enjoy meatloaf, I enjoy the flavor of it, this didn't have any of that.  Luckily, the mashed potatoes went perfect with it, and I ended up eating both at the same time.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't horrible, it just wasn't what I was expecting.  And, since I was hungry, I ended up eating it all.  The shining star on my plate were the grilled zucchini...I could eat those all day.We'll definitely be back again, and hopefully have Thomas as our waiter.  But, I won't be getting the meatloaf anytime soon.  I normally get their grilled salmon, which is always delicious.  But, decided to try something different this time...oh well.
5	We've been dining at Ruby Tuesday for about 6 or 7 years now (ever since it opened in Avondale).  There have been some real misses in years' passed, but every visit in 2012 has been enjoyable.  Tonight's dinner was simply perfect.  I had a steak with potato and the wife had the grilled chicken breast (she had them leave the bbq sauce in the kitchen) with a side of grilled zucchini.  We both opted for the salad bar. Every bite was delicious and cooked perfectly.Even the silly little cheesy "biscuits" were good tonight (those can be hit or miss, but tonight they were definitely good).The service has been excellent this year, too, and we're noticing that the staff isn't changing as quickly as it did for a while.  Must be a new manager or something.  Whatever it is, the prices are good, the menu is simple but has good choices and the classic RT salad bar is never a disappointment.  The interior decor is very comfortable.  We both like that they keep the lights a little low, makes for a nicer meal.
4	Fresh salad bar, so the turnover is good. I have the Ruby Minis as these make for good comfort food.  It is a comfortable place to relax.My Wife had Chicken potstickers, though I usually am not impressed by regular restaurant/diners with other genre foods, these were good, with crisp vegetables that and solid chicken cuts.
5	We came in for a free birthday meal and the service was spectacular.  The hostess put the game on for us and the manager visited our table.  Johnathan was our server and he was awesome.  We've never been in before so he recommended some items, which turned out great.  Johnathan had great customer service and the whole staff, even the cooks, went above and beyond. We will definitely return!
4	Came here for my bday lunch with my hubby.  The staff was super friendly.  Our server was the BOMB, but he just spoke so softly it was hard to hear him!  He was super attentive (like he was reading our minds).  We both ordered the:Triple Prime Bacon Cheddar Burger (with aged New York cheddar and applewood smoked bacon) and fries.  Mine was excellent and the fries were just perfect.  But of course my husband has to be special, he added guac and red onions to his.  Four Way Sampler:  Crispy chicken strips - GOOD, fire wings - TOO spicy for me, southwestern spring rolls - sorry Chili's still is the king , and fried mozzarella - they were OK.Our service got us filled togo cups with our drinks.  +++
4	We came here for the very first time tonight. We have been to other Ruby Tuesday ,but first time here. Nice Hostess,opened the door for us and then sat us in a booth. Just one thing wrong we noticed after going to wash our hands, the place was freezing! It was only in the 50's outside and the air was on. We had a sweet server ,Robyn.She said we can only change it 4 degreees either way. She also offered that we could move to another booth.We declinded, she turned it up and it was slightly more comfortable!Anyway, the food was good , I got the Ribs and they were fantastic! Along with baked potato and sugar snap peas, was really good. My girlfriend got steak, shrimp and zucchini with baked potato.Steak was a little tough,but they cooked it perfect.We like Ruby Tuesday and they have kick ass coupons at times as well.So always a good place, we just do not need the air on in Dec. Ciao!
3	Service was TERRIBLE. Two ladies that helped us looked like they were having the worst day ever. But the food is good. We had my six year old niece with us and she asked for crayons and they were so rude to her! Not going back.
4	I took my family here for dinner about a week ago. The one thing I was disappointed with is their salad bar selection. I used to frequent Ruby Tuesday's years ago and their selection was larger. However, I guess since their salad bar selection is smaller, they offer more food menu items. I ordered the flavored iced tea and I was impressed that the server mixes it up for me in person. I also love the shrimp dip appetizer. I ordered the chicken broccoli. It was delicious. I know next time to have my sons split a food dish instead of getting their own. Our server was prompt and polite. We left there stuffed.
3	Whoa! Ruby Tuesdays! This place does not exist in my area. I've only seen commercials of this place. It was a myth to me until now. It's a regular type restaurant similar to Marie Calenders and those type of places. Very friendly service.. very typical menu. Nothing out of the ordinary here.I had the steak with veggies. I also ordered a side of pot stickers. The steak was cooked medium.. I asked for medium rare. The pot stickers were decent. The peanut sauce with it wasnt too good. My buddy ordered the spinach artichoke dip. That was a very heavy and filling dish. We also had the sampler platter and the item that stood out were the chicken strips.. Very moist inside.. surprisingly.Glad to finally give this place a try.
4	My husband, son and I went for lunch yesterday.  The service was excellent! Very attentive, timely and helpful.The salad bar was great but the first plates we picked up were dirty.  I just put them aside and found a clean one.  Great selection on the salad bar.  The buffalo chicken sandwich and the mini turkey sliders we got were not so great.  You could eat them but prefer Red Robins.  Son got the petite sirloin and lobster tail and it was definitely petite!  Cooked to perfection! The lobster tail was excellent.  Mashed potatoes were very good.  The peach tea and the strawberry fizz drinks were excellent! And the refills kept coming.  Think if we go again it will be for dinner.  Tab was $68 for the three of us for lunch.
5	Very impressed.  Service was wonderful.  Salad bar was fresh, not a large selection but very good.  Shrimp fondue - wonderful.  Blackened Talipia - wonderful.  Rib-eye steak - wonderful.  Price - very good.  Had not eaten at a Ruby Tuesdays in years, and was very impressed.  Will go back.
3	Average diner.  Nothing special.  My chicken And coconut shrimp were over cooked and dry.Service was attentive and everything was correct.
4	Yummmmmmmy  this place is sooo delicious they have the best ribs ever ! Anddd the garlic biscuits are out of this world. :)
2	The smell of the place took me off at the beginning of the experience. I was shocked-perhaps it was the carpet? No one was there but they still sat us in a far off corner which felt weird as well. We ordered their new pretzel burger which tasted good but was super greasy. I could not eat the whole thing because of the grease, no wonder it tasted good. My daughter got a chicken strip meal and was satisified. For dessert we had the red velvet cupcake but we could have gotten better choices at a grocery store. Don't think I will go out of my way to eat here again. When we left we went to Culver's next door for ice cream and that seemed to make the meal better!
1	Sick of going to all the same places locally, ruby Tuesdays is a little drive for us.  After seeing their commercials we figured we would drive a little.  Me and the wife both have find memories and wanted to give it a revisit.  First note of caution was the empty parking lot.  Please note this is Saturday night at 6pm.. Prime time!!  On a positive there was no wait.  Inside the I believe somewhat newly uplifted was barely empty, a handful of occupied tables.  Still sat down to eat.. Me, the mrs and 2 children, one baby so he wasn't tortured by the food like we were.  I ordered pasta, she order a chicken sandwich and mini burgers for the 2 ur old.  Pre dinner biscuits, I guess they're called, awful tasting and super dry.. A foresight to the main dishes.  All were flavorless and after one bite we wished we stayed home and found something in the fridge.  The service wasn't poor at all but the food made the entire experience regretful and depressing!!  Sorry Ruby it's not us, it's you.. Consider us forever broken up!!
3	It is what it is. I had a larger party and they provided good solid service. The food was also good and solid. No complaints but no wows either. Again, it is what it is.
5	First time at a Ruby Tuesday for me. Stopped in around 2pm for lunch. We were seated right away. Our server came over promptly and greeted us. We ordered a Smokehouse Burger and the Shrimp Scampi. Skipped the fries and mashed potatoes and she asked if we would like to substitute something else. Decided on extra veggies. They have a nice looking salad bar too. Will have to try that another time.Our food came out quickly. Everything was hot. I was impressed with the flavors. The shrimp tasted fresh and was not bland or overcooked. The side of broccoli and zucchini was seasoned just right and tender crisp. The hamburger was supposed to be cooked medium and it was! Wow, it was a nice size. Juicy and flavorful! It was nice to go somewhere that could cook a burger!Our server was very pleasant and checked on us several times.Great place! Delicious food!
5	My husband and I were out in Avondale working and decided to stop here for lunch instead of fast food. Thought we were going to grab a quick burger or something. To my delight they had a New Orleans Seafood entree. It was tilapia and shrimp with creole sauce. Of course as you know I ask for my seafood cooked lightly (med rare) can I just say cooked to perfection! It was fabulous, I can't rave enough. Hubby had a burger and the same thing, it was perfectly cooked with great flavor. He also had the salad bar which was stocked with wonderful fresh items. You can get a coupon on the retail me not app. for buy one entree get the 2nd 50% off!
4	Atmosphere: Clean, plain, classy, modern, dimly lit, quiet, slow-paced.Burger: Savory, thick, flavorful, free (birthday).Fries: Nothing special.Service: AverageOverall: A pretty delicious main entree, with an unremarkable side, and okay service. The free birthday burger is a nice gesture on the company's part.
3	My wife an I have been here a couple of times.  The place is clean, and the food has always been good.  We always seem to have a waitress named Tasha and she is awesome.  However, there was no Tasha today.  We were greeted immediately as we came through the door.  There was no life, no enthusiasm, and no eye contact from the hostess.   She basically just grabbed menus and walked away.  Like cattle we followed.  She then pointed to a table, put menus on it, and said "your sever will be with you" and walked away.  Again still never once making eye contact.  Our server was not unpleasant, but really was uncharismatic and other than taking an order, bringing food, and bringing a check she was non-existent.  Every table around us was offered and brought biscuits but not us.  The best service we had was from a waitress in a different section the refilled my ice tea and my wife's soda twice.  Where was our waitress?  Not sure.  It almost seemed like she did not like us because she was on top of the couple of other tables with more guests and probably a bigger, potential tip.  The food was very good.  Overall we would eat here again, but the service today was awful.  I even had to write that on the bill.  My 3 star rating is based on the food we have eaten in the past, and if you get Tasha as a server she is awesome.
2	Manager wiped down table with extremely wet rag.  Waitress watched while we unfolded the napkin from the silverware and dried off the table.  She did bring us extra napkins to replace those we used to dry the table.  We did complain, and saw her tell the manager, but manager never apologized.  Food was mediocre.  Manager studiously avoided eye contact as we left.  Please note we were pleasant to the waitress and left a lower than average tip, and will not be returning.
3	Good place for a work lunchHad lunch with a couple co-workers to discuss a coming charity campaign. Nice space and my colleagues are fans of their salad bar.  I had one of their burgers, which was oily, but till tasty.Good overall and service was above par. Will visit, again.
3	We decided to come here because it was next to the American Sports Center and we had a couple of hours to kill til our next game. Food was okay, not great. A little on the pricey side for the quality of food. We didn't get the salad bar, but it did look clean and nice.
4	I came to Ruby's , never been to one. I decided to take my wife for her B-day. We went for the main thing ...Steak ... ok back in track, very nice , clean, atmosphere very quite and nice waiters and attentive. Love the service. So back to the dish , the Stake wa superb I don't know who was that cook that day but it was so tender melted in my mouth.. the vegetables hit the spot , not too soggy nor raw just perfect...oh and the Nash Taters love it as well.  I recomend it , I enjoyed it...
3	Courteous staff and clean restaurant. We were seated at a center round table and frankly the plastic table cloths are a huge turn off.  The menu had a great selection of your typical American Fare restaurant. Sliders, burgers, ribs, and steaks. Prices are reasonable, average about $10 -$15 per person. For appetizer we shared fried green beans that came in a light crispy batter. Sadly the green beans were really soggy, and that was a turn off. For lunch I ordered the chicken tacos with the tortilla soup. I have to say if I could do this over again, I'd order a bowl of that soup! So hard to describe - just a bowl of flavor, so Very tasty!! The tacos were also a melody of flavors and textures. Peppered chicken, grilled peppers, mushrooms, crispy lettuce pico de gallo and a light drizzle of crumbled feta cheese in a soft flour tortilla. I would have rather have paired Cotija cheese with this but the feta was close enough. The sweetness of the peppers and the salty cheese was an excellent idea! Loved them.
5	We drove 5 hours from Southern California to dine here for 2 hours, and the food, service decor, was greatly cool. The culinary manager (Alfredo) heard about our travel and was amazed at our dedication to drive for 5 hours, just to dine @ Ruby Tuesday's. Alfredo comp our meal.Allen, the bar tender was cool to chit chat. We left him a huge tip.
1	The food was horrible! the salad bar is not fresh at all! My chicken was sad and dry. It was my first time trying this place.  It smelled funny and my booth seat was torn. The server was really nice other than that it was a waste of money.  They advertise freshly made lemonade and when i asked our server if they had it she said it was just regular lemonade from the fountain drink, I pointed at the "freshly made" on the menu and she said, yes but its just minute made from our drinks. No wonder it was lonely in there!!
3	It reminded me of an expensive Dennys.  In no hurry to go back.   My hamburger  was supposed to be medium came rare and since the waitress was originally pleasant and quickly changed the 98 dollars we spent I would have been happy to have at least service w a smile.   The manager kept staring but not one word was said to us.
1	I haven't been to a Ruby Tuesdays in forever, mostly because a lot of them have closed down, now I remember why. The restaurant looked clean enough amd the service was good and she was attentive. The food however was disgusting. My husband asked if the burgers we frozen or hand pressed, she said they are not frozen, she lied... tasted  worse then a McDonald's burger. The wings appetizer was so under cooked and slimy that I couldn't even eat them. The po Boy shrimp  Flatbread tasted  bland with a hint of fish. Nothing about this meal was food except for the service.  Please step up your food or just go away completely. I would much rather go to Chili's.
1	I DO NOT RECOMMEND EATING HERE!!!!The empty parking lot at 6pm on a weekday should have been a sign. We drove up and there were all but 5 cars parked there, we even wondered if it was open. We (me and the family) was seated. We ordered the entrees that came with the salad bar. Every single salad item tasted old. Our entrees finally came, and we were all very disappointed, the burgers my daughters ordered were mushy, the bun covered in grease, the burger no flavor. My wife ordered fish tacos, it was mediocre. I ordered the crab cake entree, it was literally two very small cakes of what appeared to be food. It had mushy wet mixture of stuffing and mayonnaise, it was extremely undercooked. I had to separate the mush from the actual pieces of crab, or what was supposed to be crab, then left the wet mush left. The server asked if everything was ok, I told her the crab cakes were not done, she said well you seemed to eat most of it, I said " Yes, the fish that I picked out, however I left the undercooked wet mush" The manager came shortly after and asked if everything was okay, and before I could open my mouth she grabbed the plate of wet mush and walked away...So...If you like gross food, and paying high a price for it, go here.... We should have gone to Culvers across the street, It would have been light years better than here...Giving 1 Star is generous...Never Again!....
4	The service was excellent.The waiter presented a lovely birthday desssert for my friend , which topped of a very nice evening. We recommend the establishment for special occasions.
