5	We visited Yogurt Jungle tonight and it was awesome!Here's how it works:- Walk in and grab a cup (mini sample cups are available!)- Dispense your yogurt- Add as many toppings as you want- Have your cup weighed and pay upSome of the flavors available today were: pomegranate, tart yogurt, cheesecake, strawberry, peanut butter, cookies & cream, cake batter, and pistachio.  There were more flavors, which made it tough to decide, but I don't remember all of them.  I imagine they will change as time goes on.  They also have a TON of different toppings available: assorted cereals and candy, mochi, and fresh fruits.  I would even say they have a plethora of options.  You may be asking yourself: does he even know what a plethora is?  I would not like to think that a person would tell someone he has a plethora, and then find out that that person has no idea what it means to have a plethora! Anywho, it's great to have a place like this in Maricopa!  And one last thing, the pricing is very reasonable.  We'll definitely be heading back to Yogurt Jungle to try some more tasty combos of yogurt and toppings!
5	Yum!!  This place was pretty darn GREAT!!  The first fro-yo joint to hit Maricopa, and it definitely fulfilled it's hype.  The place was crowded when we got there, and was completely packed when we left.  The shop just opened for business on St. Patty's day (3/17/11), so it's still very new, and everyone around seemed to be stopping there on the particular Saturday night we went to go try it out.  The frozen yogurt was really good, and there were tons of flavors to choose from.  I chose to go with the cookies n' cream, which I should add was fat-free.  Of course after I slapped on all my toppings, it probably had more fat in it than most scoops of ice cream.  The yogurt was tasty and priced right.  They even offer a punch card with room for 9 punches to get to a free 12 oz. serving of frozen yogurt.  It's so nice to have the option to get a treat like frozen yogurt, made your own way, in Maricopa.  No more driving miles across the res to get this frozen treat.  I give this place an A+ and hope it continues to deliver.  Good job Yogurt Jungle!!
5	I am sooo happy we finally got one of these awesome yogurt places in the Copa!!! Went a couple weeks ago for the first time and loved it! Had cake batter yogurt with...get ready for it.... fruity pebbles, brownies, strawberries, coconut, hot fudge, and chocolate chips. What can I say, I am a kid at heart. My concoction rocked and I have decided I am going to call it "Lil Devils delight." Owners of Yogurt Jungle, I would appreciate if you would put this on your menu... your welcome. Anyhoo, I love that they have punch cards and the service was very friendly. Also cool is that they will make you a smoothie or a milkshake. You just put everything in a cup and they will mix it. I have not seen that done at other yogurt places. A tip for anyone that has not been to a yogurt place like this: they charge you by the weight so don't get more than what you can eat. Will I be back? You bet you fruity pebbles I will!
5	Good flavor choices, the inside ambiance is really fun.  Has an outdoor rainforest theme with the pillars being trees and a sky painted over the top.   Good choice of toppings, and even had a kid seating area with some kids books laying around, and a tv playing cartoons.  They also have 2 computers set up if you want to use the internet.  Will be back for sure.
5	I am very pleased with this establishment.  It was my first time in a "weight it to pay it" type of yogurt place, and the concept was refreshing.I had two instances in this place, both times I chose to mix the cake-batter yogurt.  I had one with Low-fat Cheesecake, and one with Strawberry.  Then the selection of toppings to add on was excellent, from fresh fruit to candies, to chunks of cookie dough.The staff greeted me upon entering every time, and was friendly while I was paying.  This place is excellent for children, too, and has computers and a DVD player available to entertain them.
5	10 flavors and 50 toppings, ok!  I got the cheesecake that is no fat no sugar added and it was devine!! Topped with a little granola and strawberries and it was a no guilt pleasure. We ate outside on a nice warm night.  We will be back!
5	Love love love this place.  Their yogurt is so good and they rotate flavors so you can always get something different.  Mmm.  Lemon and Strawberry are my favorites.  My only negative is of you have a nut allergy, be careful of cross contamination.
4	Yummy!  Our first experience with this type of yogury place, the kids really liked it.
4	Reasonable prices, good variety of flavors, and lots of topping choices.  What's not to like?
5	Love love love, always super clean, great choice, quick sweet snack!!!
1	No longer go there.  Big issue over a coupon.....not worth my time. Not big on customer service.   I buy my yogurt in Chandler on the way home.
4	This place is great! Killer good yogurt, decent selection on flavors and people working there are friendly and nice. My 2 1/2 year old daughter loves to check out the bright colorful murals on the walls and loves the cute picnic table and kid's movies. A family favorite!
5	yummm! always clean and fresh, love yogurt jungle!
5	LOVE this place. Me and the kids come here often. Never had a bad experience.
4	Really good, i usually go here with the wife after we go out eat dinner.for some dessert the mango flavor is my fav and i throw in a bunch of fruit addons. Grapes, mango slices, kiwi, cherrys. i just wish it was a little cheaper those addons add up since you pay by weight. Overall the product is awesome staff is friendly. Good family joint
4	Love this place, always very clean and the toppings are always fresh! I wish they had a soda fountain also...
5	I want to believe that all the yogurt is fat free and sugar free...many are. All taste fabulous. I have an almost completed frequent froyo purchase card and must admit that I never put any of the many toppings on top of the yogurt! This is a hard to do as they have fresh fruit and candy and cereals and nuts and sauces!!!  The actual yogurt is quality. I have a few flavored as staple flavours for me. Lucky if you catch the sugar and fat free green apple one. I love very berry and euro tart too.If the prices were a little less, I think I'd try to eat it every day!
5	While I usually dread the heat of summer, this shop gives me a little something to look forward to when it's hot out! Only been a few times, but the flavors I've had have been good and the service was friendly.
5	The ceiling supports are transformed into trees, the walls beckon you to the jungle...but the best part is the yogurt.There are numerous flavor selections and the staff even creates a weekly flavor recipe and posts it so you can recreate it at will!  The toppings are amazing--from drizzles to fruit to mashed up candies such as Heath bars and Twix bars...even whipped cream if you ask!   The prices are right --you can get a sizable cup of delight for under three dollars.  And they are community partners--doing a drawing contest with multiple winners each time and offering free ice cream to students who get straight A's!The kids love it, I don't feel guilty buying it for them once in a while, and the staff is just amazing.  Customer service is their middle name!  The place is tidy, and they are glad to see you come in!
5	Very clean, fresh toppings
3	FOYO is fryo. Its all good, its fine. No earth shattering flavors or toppings...have had better.I would say for sure overpriced, but, i guess they figure they're the only game in town.
3	"Public safety discount: for firefighters, police officers, military and public school teachers". Not uncommon to leave EMS out of the "public safety" umbrella, but sad nonetheless. Good variety of toppings. Mango yogurt is the best!
5	Love this place, even when they weren't the only game in town. Hard to get a dessert anywhere for less than 5 bucks. Love their flavors and toppings. Enjoy this treat at leadt once a month.
2	Another let down in Maricopa. The yogurt we had was bitter and gritty. We didn't like it at all. The majority of it went in the trash. So sad because we really wanted to be able to come here for our frozen yogurt fix. The place was decorated nicely and kept very clean. That's the only reason I'm giving it two stars but I know we won't be back.
5	Good place to bring the kids for a treat! I enjoy the cake batter with fruit!
5	I've been taking my kids here or over a year and we all love it. Sometimes I go by myself. Healthy and tasty.
2	Usually  great service, came in, no one to greet us, when the Gal FINALLY came out from the back she said absolutely nothing, not a Hello, Welcome... Nothing she just walked up to the register and with no smile and waited, the only thing she said to me was the total and asked if I wanted a receipt.  For this I have to give 2 stars.... Sorry Yogurt Jungle.
5	Nice
