5	This place made our day.  We were driving through town and only stopped after seeing "Tortilleria" to hopefully pick up some fresh tortillas for dinner later on.  Amazingly, they make fresh tortillas seven days a week.  For about a dollar a pound (roughly 14 tortillas).  Are you kidding me?  We felt like we hit the jackpot.  Disclaimer - we live in Charleston, SC which despite a rockstar food scene has NO good Mexican.  We started looking in the deli cases and before you know it we were being offered samples of Honduran cheese (salty and tangy and feta-like) and carnitas and barbacoa.  And by samples of the meat I mean whole tacos on their tortillas with homemade salsas brought to us by my fantasy adorable Mexican grandmother.  There was a bit of a language barrier but I hope she understood how happy she made us.  I think I started to cry - we haven't had Mexican good since leaving Southern CA (did I mention there is no good Mexican in Charleston?!?).  We immediately bought a pound of the carnitas to-go ($7 - another ridiculous bargain) along with the house-made salsa verde.  We also took home a chunk of Oaxaca cheese at a price that should make Whole Foods ashamed of themselves for what they charge for the same product.  Lupita's is essentially a take out place within a deli so don't go if you're looking to eat -in.  That being said the premises were exceptionally clean and didn't have that old meat and grease smell a lot of groceries have.  All of the staff were exceptionally helpful, friendly, and patient with our terrible Spanish.  You could tell they took pride in what they were offering.  They should.  They rock.  We drove our goods back to home, reheated the carnitas in a tiny bit of the manteca we bought, topped them with the salsa, and had an absolute taco feast.  We're already looking for an excuse to go back.
5	I love this place. I can pretty much feed my family for a little over $20 and still have leftovers. The tortillas are made to order and the meat(s) you choose are also cooked to order. Everything is seasoned perfectly. Just a word of warning. If you don't like spicy or super hot don't buy their salsas.
5	Delicious carnitas for 6.50 a pound,  fresh, spicy,  homemade salsa and yummy homemade tortillas!   The real deal!,
1	Given the 100% positive ratings on Urban Spoon, I was really looking forward to getting take out from Lupitas.  I walked in and it seemed like it had a lot of potential. So I ordered everything on the menu.... all THREE things!... Carnitas, shredded beef, and chicken. I also ordered some salsa and tortillas.  When I got home and opened the boxes I was disappointed to find that they were boxes of meat and nothing else.  I mean, No sides of any kind.  No rice.  No beans.  No veggies.  It's a good thing that I had ordered the tortillas or I wouldn't have even had anything to put the meat in. This wouldn't have been a big deal if I hadn't woken up a handful of hours, violently ill from what I had eaten.  Being up all night with intense cramping from bad food is not an experience that I care to repeat.  I won't be back.
