5	If there were a 6th star, Pit Stop would have earned it.  I had a great experience booking the appointment through Marcus... They are very busy, and still found a way to fit me in when it was convenient for me! Jackie did a great job with the detail work inside & out... My car feels as brand new as the day I bought it! Not to mention, I had a scheduling issue & they went above & beyond to accommodate me, when they didn't have to. You guys have a customer for life with me! Thanks so much!
5	Have used this service for almost 2 years.  Started using when the E Bell Rd Car Wash went belly up - and haven't used anyone else since starting with Pit Stop. They always do a top notch job, give white glove service, and are reasonably priced.DM
5	I've used Pit Stop for over 3 years for Mobile Wash and detailing.   The service and attention to detail is amazing.  Once you try it you will never visit the local car washes again.
1	Terrible detail,  didn't even look like it had been anything other then car wash, front of car still had bug guts on it, trunk wasn't even cleaned.  Dannys car wash gives a better detail for less money for the groupon or so called "special".  Don't go here, waste of money.
5	Was VERY impressed by the work done at this little shop. My car looked terrific; the seats and flooring returned to beautiful condition and they buffed out many of the imperfections in the body. Really great work from conscientious fellows who seem to take pride in a car that looks as good as it possibly can!
5	Marcus and his staff are awesome.  They are professional, knowledgeable and genuinely care about their customers.  Their mobile service is efficient and their attention to detail is awesome.  I HIGHLY recommend them to everyone. It is nice to know I am getting a fabulous car wash and I don't have to worry about a thing.  The fact that they are mobile and will come to you is the icing on the cake...LOVE THEM!!!
4	My 14 year old car is not in too shabby of shape and had been long due for a detail. There are always a bunch of Groupons for this service and I purchased one from Pit Stop due to their great reviews. I called up right away (in March) and their next appointment wasn't until this past weekend so I booked it and waited patiently. I called on Friday just to confirm we were still on since a few weeks had passed and Marcus let me know that I was good to go. The location is a little hidden so you have to keep an eye out for the number on the building. I parked outside and walked into their shop which was very clean and waited for Marcus to come out. We went outside, he did a walk around of my car, and I signed off and waited for my ride to pick me up. Not more than 3 hours later did I have a voice mail that my car was ready whenever I was. My car looked almost as good as new (besides the pre-existing dings and scratches) when I picked her up. I also opted to get the engine cleaned for an additional fee and they did a FANTASTIC job. Only reason this isn't a 5-star is that he said they would wash the door jams and there was some spots that were still dirty. That's my only minor complaint, everything else was cleaned perfectly and I was very pleased with the job. I don't know if I'll splurge on another detail unless it's before I sell my car, but I would definitely recommend them.
2	I had my car detailed at Pit Stop recently. First, I had to make an appointment, and it was two months ago I called. Yep, they could not fit me in for TWO MONTHS. When I got there, I noticed that they have a shop area inside where they do work. Or so I thought. Actually, they detailed the car out in the (112 degrees today) sun. And when I got there to pick it up, there were wax goobers on the car, and there were some places where there was calcification or something on the paint which came off with gentle rubbing with my fingernail. Detail? Maybe. Attention to detail? Not so much. Inside the car, it was clean, but they left haze on the instrument cluster that I had to wipe off. The price for this lack of detailing is high. I can get the same basic service for about a quarter of what they charge. Ouch! And their high price for this service did not include detailing the engine compartment (an attempted upsell), and did not include shampooing the carpets. Really? Totally unimpressed.
5	I was looking around for a good detailer in the Scottsdale area to get my Lexus IS 250 cleaned up and came across pitstop. I called in and Marcus got me scheduled in for a "basic" wash for the following Monday. When i came in on Monday the two guys working there were very attentive to me and got started on my car right away. When they were finished my car looked  great!!  It seemed like more than what they called a "basic" wash, and was worth the price of it. I'll definately be bringing my car back here again soon. Thanks pit stop!
4	I bought a deal online for a detail from Pit Stop Auto Detailing.  I used it to have my wife's car detailed.  They did a fine job.  It was not over the top detailed, but it was better then what I would have got for the same money from a big car wash like Danny's.  I do think they were very busy with lots of cars to detail because of their online marketing campaign, and that might be why the car was not over the top.  All and all I do like this place and the owner was honest and passionate about his business.
5	I've been in the auto racing, automotive marketing, exotic car and driving events industry for many years by now and I've seen them all. The simple fact is that the Pit Stop Auto Detailing company is second to none, they're the best and they approach what they do with extreme professionalism, integrity, suburb workmanship and they exceed all expectations - something that I believe is rare these days. From exotic car storage to world-class detailing, absolutely awesome and I'd recommend many times over, check them out!
5	As I have been burned many times by the famous chains out here (dannys), and have lost all patience.  Finding pitstop was a blessing.   Went to their location at the air park for the first time and They were great!!!  They took care of my car like it was their own.  Liked them so much that they have mobile service coming to my job site every 2 weeks and wash all 4 of our cars to perfection.  Warning! If you are cheap and don't care above your ride this is def not the place for you.  If you love your ride then this is definitely your spot.
5	I have a black car and had Marcus and his crew do a 4 step paint correction on my car.  I dropped it off when I was going to be out of town for a few days on vacation.  I wasn't expecting the level of quality I got from them. The car was scratch, swirl free!  They even had my wheels fixed with a wheel vendor as I suggested.  Now I just try to keep it as perfect as the day I picked it up!  BUT..........I can't do what they do, so I will always take it to PitStop to get it flossed back up! Thanks guys! I think the negative reviews must be from your competitors!  Well worth the money!
5	Marcus & the crew at Pit Stop are the BEST at what they do as far as detail, Ceramic coatings, & paint correction. They took my 2007 Porsche GT3 RS 3.6 Black/Orange and when they were done the car had NO swirl marks...None, & the paint looked better than when it rolled out of Stuttgart in 2007 after treatment with GTechniq. Now as I write this, Pit Stop has my F430, I can't wait to see them work the finish on this one. Thanks Guys A+++
5	I just had Marcus and crew do a lot of work on a Tesla Model S and Tesla Roadster.  On the Model S they put on the Xpel clear bra, 3M Crystalline Tint, and and then OptiCoat with paint correction. On the Roadster, which had a lot swirl marks, they did the OptiCoat treatment with paint correction.  The cars look fabulous! The Roadster, in particular, had a lot of swirl marks (bought the car used). It looks so much better now. The color also looks deeper and richer. The only drawback was that it took a little more time than originally estimated, but the quality of the work is outstanding.  I highly recommend.
5	Absolutely the best in town.  I worked with Dan, and he was extremely professional, his work was first class, and I plan to use their services many times.  I came in today with paint over spray on my car, and they made sure that every last speck was off.  There is no up-selling or sales tactics like your typical drive-thru wash, instead, these guys operate on pure top notch service.  If you are searching for a place to do any sort of detail, or just a mobile wash, Pit Stop is the way to go! They definitely made me a customer for life.
5	I've been meaning to review them for a few weeks. I bought the groupon deal for the Arizona protection detailing in May after we drove cross country. My poor car took a beating on our week long trip.  I finally got around to calling and making an appointment in Sept. They were great, able to get me right in. Since this is our only vehicle, they even recommended some shops up the road where I could pass the time if I didn't want to wait in the shop. The shop was nice and clean, but we decided to walk the one city block and enjoy a meal while we waited.  The detailing took about 4 hours and I was super impressed they were able to get dry, caked on pine sap off the car from the two years I spent in the Carolinas. I also had a salt water stain on my cloth seats from a beach chair I had put in the car still wet when I first bought it, it's gone now! The guys did an amazing job! I would definitely go back!
5	The service at this place is tremendous I had a tree branch fall on my car and it got scratched up really bad, I thought I was going to have to get it repainted but low and behold these guys definitely came to my rescue as they were able to get a majority of the scratches out, "Thank God"!! They told me that they pushed it a little bit but didn't want to get too crazy with it but I sure couldn't see them anymore so it worked out great! I will be a customer for life and so will my clients as they did a Range Rover and a Ferrari California for me as well, Thanks Guys!
5	I've been in the automotive business for over 22 years in motorsports, marketing, film, product launches and automotive training. I've seen every type of detailing service and Pit Stop Auto Detailing tops them all. Easily the best that I have seen. To round out their superior product is a serious sense of service, camaraderie, attention to detail, professionalism, product knowledge and youthful exuberance. This place is incredible.
1	Caution!!  Caution!!  Caution!! Bait and switch.  I bought a $129 car detail for $99 on Yelp.  When I called to make an appointment they wanted me to pay $250 for the "Arizona Detail".  That's roughly $150 over and above the $99 I already paid!!  It's the old bait and switch.  If you want the $99 deal you basically get nothing done to your car.  Stay away!!  YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.
