1	I feel bad for the low rating b/c the lady who works the drive thru late nights has been there since my hubby & I were in HS & she is super sweet but ugh, I GOT FOOD POISONING HERE! It was 1am Christmas day, or the day after if you wanna get technical, and we were all hungry after some drinking & other 'festivities". Jack in the crack is 1 of the only places by us open 24 hours, so the boys went on a food run. That morning at about 5am I got so sick. I thought maybe it was the alcohol but I only had 2 glasses of wine & 1 glass of champagne, nothing crazy. When I couldn't stop throwing up that entire day, had the chills & body aches, my husband said it had to be food poisoning. I will never eat here again, or at least for a long time, no matter how hungry at 1am I am. All the pain I was in was not worth it!
5	This is almost embarrassing!! I never thought I would review a fast food joint on Yelp! Where to begin...my first time at this Jack in the Box was a 'walk-through' where I tried to persuade the nice lady at the window to let us buy food, as we were in no condition to be driving. She said it was against the rules and she could get in trouble, but we could probably easily persuade someone in a vehicle...which we did, The food was of course awesome, but I believe anything is probably amazing considering the state we were in that night. The second time I was actually driving through after being DD for a birthday bash late in the evening. Ironically, I was asked to help some 'walkers' get their food. I also learned from these late night patrons that the sweet lady at the late-night window was Tess and that they always call in great reviews for her, which I found quite hilarious coming from two drunk burly men! Hahah, makes me laugh just remembering the image. I came to realize after living in this neighborhood for a while that this place has quite a few late-night regulars! In addition another afternoon, after leaving the pool, my friend and I were starving and I volunteered to pick-up some food at good old Jack in the Box. My friend had recently become vegan, which I had forgotten up until my arrival at the menu.....hmmmmm, what on earth will I get her besides fries?! So I consulted another friendly Jack in the Box employee at the window and asked her if it was possible to take all the meat and cheese off the chicken fajita pita and add as many vegetables as they had. She also put every sauce in the bag because I was clueless in the vegan department. This along with some churros and my friend was quite impressed and she said it was quite tasty!!! This place looks like any other Jack in the Box, and really probably tastes like most (it is always quite fresh though). But the service here is above and beyond! If you are ever near Cave Creek and Bell Road and have the urge for food on the fly, this is by far the place to go!I gave it five stars in comparison to other fast food restaurants; obviously this is not exactly 5 star dining!  :)
1	I have been here many time in the last few years since the JitB at cave creek and cactus turned into filiberto's. the only reason i even come to this one instead of the one at 32nd & cactus which is just as far from my current house is the food quality is better here, i have never really had a 'good' experience here but it's sorta what to expect. but several times in the past, yesterday and now today they have told me to stop and wait after the car ahead of me leaves so they can "fix their time/clocks" I always got frustrated because of this but today it almost got domestic in the parking lot after the cars behind me started honking their horns, i yelled at the DB directly behind me that i was instructed not to pull up, after the employee "Julia" came to the window and told us just to pull up, i demanded an explanation, and to speak to the manager, but she said said there was no explanation and hesitated to say the managers name, instead she just kept saying "he is working the back and can't talk now" so i kept demanding until she said it. it was a terrible experience and i don't see myself returning here for a very long time.
2	We have been here other times and I don't remember ever having an issue. We stopped here for quick breakfast on the way out of town a few days ago. I did not pay attention to the drive-through but I think it was average busy, there were like 0 to 2 other customers inside at the time...We placed our order, and it kind of took a little while, which I am fine with because I understand sometimes the cashier may be new, or in training... Hubby had gone to Costco to get gas in the mean time... he came back and we sat to wait (4 people)...5 minutes went by... 10 minutes went by... I asked if it was going to take long and someone told me it was because it was a big order... I do not know what the confusion was... We ran out of patience and went to check again... Finally our order was ready and it took over 15 minutes from the time in my receipt... We usually do fast food breakfast when we go out of town and it may take 15 minutes for us to be in and out, ordering, getting our food, AND eating...Our daughter thought I was making a big deal out of it, but this is called a **fast food** place, and we were in fact in a hurry...OK, so we left and I gave everyone their meal... only to find out the last one (mine) was not what I ordered... at this time I was not willing to spend much energy on this, so we didn't go back... later in the day I found out my order along with other sandwich was at the bottom of the bag... so they did mess up the order but my food was in there... I just didn't see it... I only regret that maybe someone else was missing those items in their order : (But the unthinkable, and the one I cannot wrap my head around, is that we had ordered a box of churros and... They didn't cover them in sugar and cinnamon! that is unforgivable : PIt bothers me enough when they don't do it evenly and some of them have sugar/cinnamon, and some have barely any... but skipping it altogether? I would give them zero stars if I could...I know this is making me sound like I am a very demanding person, but honestly I do not think I am. Any of these incidents on its own would have been within my tolerance level... but delay, wrong order, no cinnamon/sugar? that was a little too much for a not so much of a morning person like me.
