5	I recently moved to Madison after graduating. I was spoiled with the availability of a free gym as part of tuition. When I moved here, I started searching around for gyms & I couldn't be happier with Planet Fitness.They're very close to where I work, there's always machines available and the equipment is first-rate. What really sold me is the atmosphere they create for their members. They also have  VERY nice tanning beds, hydro massage and RED light therapy machines available to their black-card members. I used to tan at Sun Tan City, and I basically get better machines for the same cost of a membership there PLUS an entire workout facility.All this, and they're still significantly cheaper than many of the other gyms in the area. because they don't waste their time or money with all the fluffy add-ons you'll see at big gyms.
4	I am very happy with this gym. I am overweight and I feel very comfortable here. I love the 30 minute workout, so close to what Curves offers. There are many choices here. The only downside is I work out after work and it seems like everyone else gets off of work the same time I do (4pm) so some days it is difficult to get on a treadmill. I see people coming in for a tour every day so I think this location might have to get even bigger (Southtown area) For $20 a month you get way more that other gyms in the area like tanning for no extra charge if you pay the $20 a month. Anytime fitness charges $15 a month on top of a $30 a month membership.  A big thumbs up for making me comfortable enough to sweat.
5	I'm grateful for this place. I can actually say I love my gym. After years of other local fitness clubs that made my anxiety explode, this place is different. There is plenty of equipment, the prices are great, the place is CLEAN, the tanning beds and massage areas are well maintained. You have access to a personal trainer and the staff is very friendly. It's a club for everyone not just seasoned weight trainers and little bunnies. I'm hoping this culture of athletic club catches on. From circuit training to cardio and everything in between A+
5	I got a very good first impression of Planet Fitness. I went to work out with my friend who invited me because of the unlimited guest pass deal this gym offers. There was plenty of equipment, the place was spacious, and I enjoyed the motivational wording on the walls. My friend in particular really likes the "judgement free zone" quote. All the weights and equipment seemed new and clean. Purple also happens to be my favorite color, and there is lots of it at this gym! The hydro massage tables were also nice to use after a weight lifting workout. The 10 minute session helped soothe my muscles. My friend's $20 membership gets him unlimited tanning, hydro massages, and guest passes. So much for such a small price. I wish there was one of these gyms in downtown Madison!
