2	A small indoor shopping district that also houses a cell phone shop, a bookstore, and a clothing shop. We sat down at the indoor restaurant and ordered carnitas which were pretty flavorful and sat down at one of the benches in the wide open area for seating. There is a big screen TV which everyone seemed to have been watching intently. We watched a couple of kids from the hair salon a few steps away wrestle over a ball. For some reason, in the back it also doubles as a daycare for children?What I did find refreshing was the horchata and snow cone that I ordered. On the side of the restaurant there is an ice cream stand that serves fruit juices and snow cones of all flavors. Anyone that sells snow cones is okay in my book. There was also some small clothing stores inside but nothing that I would really go out of my way to return to again. It was strange because everything was so small inside.
4	I was shocked at how good this place is. My husband and I were initially across the street because we had planned to get korean food for dinner, but when we saw the posted sign that it was "closed for summer break" we looked around for alternatives. That's when we saw this mercado. I ordered the vallarta burrito and my husband ordered the tapatio enchiladas. After a bit of time, my husband looked at me and said "It's taking a while... that means it's going to be good." He was right. This is not a fast food place. The portions were huge..  we stuffed ourselves, and there were still leftovers for tomorrow. Definitely going back. Maybe also picking up a pinata while I'm there.
5	Food is really good . I always get the tacos but ive had the torta n "taquitos" n those r good too. My dad always gets the torta ahogada he loves it. I'm most often in there for the tostilocos from "Las Tres Cruzes". That little place sells a variety of delicious snacks including Thrifty's ice cream (yess!!!), snow cones, nachos, Agua de horchata, tortas, lots of candy, and i think Champurrado too. The owner is really nice and the prices are good. Ill be  back soon!
