4	Stopped by Po Boy's for lunch and was treated to some delicious BBQ. I opted for the BBQ Pulled Pork Grilled Cheese with the hot sauce, and it was quite good. The pork was tender and the sauce had a good mix of spice and sweetness. The fries were also very good, with the portion generous. Nothing mind-blowing about the place, but it made for a good, cheap lunch stop.
4	Service 5 stars, food 4 stars, atmosphere 3 stars. This is a BBQ and Pizza place with a full bar. I had the thin sliced beef bbq sandwich. It was great. The meat had good flavor and the sauce was very good. Much better than Hickory River. They also have a small salad bar.
5	Sirloin sandwich and fries were great!!!
4	if the decor was a bit toned down, or different.. or something, I'd go 5.  I loved the old Po Boys, and well... I don't really need to go into a big long deal about how this spot is not like Arnie's spot in Downtown Champaign.  I will tell you that they have the original sauce, and the original Polish.  I love this combo.   The beef, the pork.. about a touch under being great.  One thing they have that I f n love, is Chicken, which the Original spot didn't have.  I just took stars off from Porgy's for the horrid way they have let their chicken go, but Po Boy's original sauce on that chicken.... It's heaven.
2	food tasted good, but the shrimp PO boy had at least four times as much bread as.the amount of actual shrimp could support. It was like bread with a light spread, not a full po' boy sandwich.  For $8.50 I felt ripped off...and still hungry.   I've had great po boy sandwiches -- this was NOT one of them.
5	Amazing tender pork  sandwich and the best homemade pies with real whipped cream. You just can't get food like this anywhere in town. The pies are amazing, allof them!
5	Great pulled pork sandwich!! Nice and tender the medium sauce had just the right bite! Will come back for sure!!
4	For excellent local food I suggest Po'Boys. Their pizza is great (if you are a fan of deep dish, then this is not the place for you). I would say their smoked chicken, polish sausage and rib tips are great!Parking is easy and they have beer, wine and spirits.
4	My wife and I stopped by here the other night as we had been wanting to try it out. We both ordered a Caesar salad and the pulled pork BBQ sandwich w/fries. The salad was pretty watered down, had no cheese and was definitely not worth the $8 / person. The pulled pork sandwich, however, was delicious and well worth the trip. We don't like spicy food so went with the sweet BBQ. The fries were basic but good. Service was pretty fast and friendly. Did not try out the pies but maybe next time? :)
5	Always great when one finds a long time local favorite and it's actually still good after several decades. This is one of those places!History says it started as a hole in the wall and now it's a modern, simple restaurant with great pizza, sandwiches and BBQ, and still family owned. I tried the Pork Fry Nachos which was BBQ pork with fries and nacho cheese in a bowl. A little messy, but delicious.
5	Great crispy crust on my individual pizza.  We went for lunch and our waitress kept in mind that we were on a tight schedule.  Husband thought his sandwich was ok, priced right but nothing special.  The hit of this place, as many have said, is the homemade pies!  Save room for a slice, very tasty!  Can't think of another place in town with homemade pies like these.
5	Holy cow! This place is amazing! Went there for a rehearsal dinner last night. The pizza was phenomenal!!! I tried the bbq chicken and sausage pizzas and they were out of this world! So so good. We will definitely be coming back!
4	Always enjoy po boys, though I've never been there for anything other than lunch.  The ribs are very good and one thing I look forward to is their salad.  Best Italian dressing ive had.  Great pecan pie too!
4	Nice place with good food. They need better iced tea (yes, this is a big deal to me) but the  chicken Cobb wrap I had was very good and my dad's Italian beef was excellent with a lot of flavor. I would definitely return.
