5	There is a nail salon on every corner it seems, especially in the East Valley . . . and I have tried mnost of them.  Recently I happened to find a new little salon called 4D Nails that is very special.  It is a bit hard to find ~ it hidden behind and to the Northeast the CVS, near a Chase Bank off Warner and Lindsey in Gilbert, AZ.  Once you do find it though it is worth remembering for the following reasons:1.  It is extremely clean.2.  The husband and wife team who own and run the salon are so charming and remember your name after just one visit.  I have referred several other friends and neighbors to them ~ they all report the same thing ~ After one visit they are called by name the second time in.3.  The wife is an amazing artist ~ the designs she paints on the nails are some of the finest I've ever seen.4.  The prices are very reasonable . . . and because they have only been open 3 months they are still offering the Grand Opening special of 20% off the published rates.5.  I broke a nail and stopped in quick to get a repair ~  they wouldn't accept any money for it ~ they insisted they didn't charge 'friends' for misfortune . . .  they explained they make their money on loyal customers, not charging someone for the misfortune of a broken nail.I will be a loyal customer/'friend' for a long time with people who have that kind of business philosophy.  Blessings to them as they grow their business. I hope others will consider stopping in to exeperience their graceful custmer service and high quality workmanship.Blessings : ) KC
1	I went with a group of girls last weekend. We went there with an appointment so they knew how many people were showing up, this was for the bridal party. These people are not good at all. We all got manis and pedis and they all look so horrible. Our feet are still dirty. All other places I've been to, they make sure the cracks on our feet are gone. They barely massaged our legs and also our fingernails look horrible and they polished it horribly. When we told them and wanted them to redo the nail polish they said that it was our nails that made it look like that, we get manicures all the time and never looked this bad, it was horrible of them to blame it on our nails instead of taking fault and redoing the job. They only cut cuticles and polished and never massaged our hands. I will never use this place again and will never recommend to anybody.
5	Amazing!  The salon was clean, the staff was extremely friendly and went above and beyond!  I will definitely be back.
2	Not sure if the sloppy service I received was due to the Groupon I used....  this was my first time at 4D Nails, I will never return and will never refer anyone to use their services.  My pedicure was fine but I didn't even receive lotion on my hands for my manicure, no less any kind of hand massage.  The nail polish dried bubbly and smudged due to the technicican gooping on the nail polish.  The technician seemed nice and friendly during my pedicure but seemed to have a personality change during the manicure when he spoke rudely about another customer, even using a curse word.  NOT professional!  I also got my brows waxed which was the typical brow waxing, no tweezing clean up and no offer of other waxing services.  My friend that joined me that day complained of her pedicure & manicure.  She was not offered any choice of pedicures (she just received the basic) and her fingernails weren't even filed evenly for her manicure.So much for trying something new!
4	I had the most wonderful pedicure today at this salon. Lisa did an outstanding job!  Sanitary and clean salon and owners are very professional. Great prices. Pedi chairs are comfortable and so clean. I recommend this place. You will not regret it!
5	I just moved to gilbert from tempe, I have been to so many nail salons over the past 10 years, I always get excited when i come across a place i fall in love with. I am super picky about my acrylics, I have a very specific shape and profile I have to have, and Lee  the owner is so great, he gets it, he totally is super friendly, likes to chat, asked me all about myself, just made me very comfortable,  he was soooo detailed , he took time on each nail, also not many places actually trim up and do your cuticles after the set, I love that he took care of that. I love the shop too, its modern and clean, although i Didn't get a pedicure, I will certainly get one though , the chairs look very comfy. Above their nail drying station I noticed they had a whole wall of customer notes and  comments on little pieces of paper, i thought that was really nice, you can tell that they have pride in their services and really appreciate all their clients, they had a little conversation with each client that came in for services , very personal  i seriously cant wait to come back.
1	Not Impressed!!!  I stopped in to get a pedi was told it was a 15 min wait....45 MINUTES LATER they finally started- and a day later my polish started to peel!!! I also got a full set and they look horrible. I tried to explain what I wanted but it was obvious he had no idea what I was talking about. On the positive side, it was very clean and the staff is very friendly!
4	I went in for a shellac manicure.  I was greeted immediately and only had to wait a few minutes.  The place was clean and well set-up.  I had many nail color choices and I believe my nails were done well.  The only complaint is that they were very busy...so my nail guy kept getting up to assist other customers while my nails were drying in the machines.  I prefer more of a personal experience but they must be good to have that many people come in.
2	I went here yesterday to get my nails done for my birthday with a friend. We went because we saw the groupon now deal that was 38$ for manicure and 'delux' pedicure. I made an appointment and off we went. When we got there, the man who took our appointment was very friendly and had us pick out our polish and go sit in their massage chairs. So I had Max and he was a very nice (soft spoken) guy. He did a really good job, I learned he used to do some kind of massage and so he is the guy to get if you are coming in, He took his time with me and we chatted about different things, his family and whatnot. Now, as nice as Max was, the guy who did my friend's nails was rude. I don't know his name (no name tag), but seriously, he seemed upset to be there, he criticized her color choice and said "I have to be honest"....but he didn't suggest any other colors or ask my friend if she wanted to switch colors....pretty not cool. Also, he left her nails jagged and she felt like it was a pretty weak service. On top of that, they gave us fliers at the end of the appointment for discounts and they were offering what we had gotten for 30$! and said regular price is 35$! So....the groupon now deal was a scam....it was MORE than what they charge in house (didn't know that cuz they don't have prices listed online as far as I could tell). Now, I'm not terribly mad about that, because I bought the groupon thinking it was fair for the service...but that's not cool on the business's part. Lastly, one of my nails already chipped (and I did not do anything with it)...so I wonder about their product. So Max was awesome....but I don't know that I would go back here.Update: Just 3-4 days after my manicure I have chips all over the place! I do not do any work that is hard on my hands. What a waste of money. I will NOT be back...sorry guys.
3	Came in randomly for a pedicure and was happy with the result. The pedicure includes a mini sugar scrub and hot stone massage. Price was only $18 (same price with or without a coupon). Guy who did the pedicure was nice and quiet. Has been almost a week and no chipping.Only downside was that I went on a Tuesday, late morning, and had to wait 20 minutes before getting into the chair, and another 10 minutes before anyone started on my toes. There were 6 customers in there when I arrived, along with 6 people working. Guess Tuesdays are popular?
5	I went in for the first time today and Amy did my gel french manicure and a pedicure.  DETAILS DETAILS DETAILS.  Amy was amazing.  She really is a perfectionist which is key for me.  My nails and toes look amazing.  She drew the most intricate flower on my toes as well.  The place is clean, and the staff is very friendly.  I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back!
5	This place was recommended to me by a co-worker, and I'm glad it was recommended to me. I went to get my eyebrows waxed (I've never had them waxed before) and I was really happy with how they turned out! The lady that waxed them was very nice, and I told her I did not want them to be too thin. She did an excellent job. It was only $8 to get them done. Woo!
2	Since moving to AZ, I have tried a few different salons and yearn for my place back home.  But this place was recommended so I thought why not?I will say off the bat it is the cleanest salon I have been in since I arrived in AZ.  sterile equipment. Nothing reused.  Kudos to them.And I will say that the owner and his wife seem genuinely friendly.And the place is busy.  But I got THE worst gelish job ever.  My nails were a little longer than I liked so I told the worker that I keep them a little shorter.  And i was getting ill from the fumes so i didnt pay as much attention as i should have   I thought she squared off my beautifully rounded nails a little short but that can happen first time someone new does your nails.  But the corners were so sharp, my hubs howled and said they were lethal weapons.  Then, to make matters worse, the gelish was over my fingertips and under my nails.  So now I have polish stuck to my skin and it is not going to come off easily I fear.  And to be honest, they look like crap.  It s the first bad French mani I have ever had.Maybe if I had the owner or his wife, I would try again but I don't think so.
5	I love this place, took my boyfriend's daughter there with a groupon coupon and then we brought her dad back with us our second time!  The deluxe pedi is amazing.  They really take their time massaging your feet and calves.  The hot stones are nice.  :)  BF's daughter's french tips on her toes came out amazing both times!  I'll be going back again and again.
4	My daughter and I have been going to a certain nail place for years but the service was starting to go downhill. We saw this place and thought we'd try it out and we are so glad we did! The hot stone pedicure was fantastic and my daughter's custom One Direction manicure turned out perfect! Will definitely become a regular!Now if you like chatty techs this place is not for you. All the techs seemed quiet but friendly and really seemed to be focused on their tasks. My daughter wanted a very specific design on her nails and they did an EXCELLENT job and didn't even charge us extra! Will definitely be going back!
5	The 1st time I went here for a pedicure, they were not busy, and they really made me comfortable. This place is the best I've  found for a pedicure since moving to AZ 14 years ago! The owner, his wife & most of the workers are very courteous and friendly. Sometimes they get really busy. I've never had to wait more than 20 minutes. They try to accommodate everyone, but when you have more customers than workers, that's hard to do. They definitely make the effort to get you to become a regular customer.
4	After a few unsuccessful visits to other Nail Spas in Gilbert, I am pleased with 4D nails. They were busy on a Sunday afternoon, but moved many of the customers rather quickly without compromising their services. The lady who did my manicure was great and very friendly. I think her name was Vi . . . the gentleman that did my pedicure was really great. Most of the techs chatted with customers and that is something I can appreciate. They even gave me a great deal on a mani-pedi through the Yelp site that I was not aware. I will certainly go back and have spoken to a few people in the Gilbert area who recommend this place as well. Thanks for the great service :)
5	I have never been happy with a manicure until I went here. I bought a groupon for 4D to pamper myself and I can't believe how nice it was. The service was great, the place was clean and my mani/pedi looks great days afterwards (first time my mani lasted more than a few hours). I paid extra for gel polish and it was still a great deal. For the price (even without a coupon) this place can't be beat in quality and service.
5	This is THE best salon in town! I've been to scads of nail salons, and have paid anywhere from $15 to $70 for a pedicure. This place beats them all! They're reasonably priced, thorough, CLEAN, and friendly! The only downside is... they're so busy, there's almost always a bit of a wait. But it's always worth it. :-)
3	Had a coupon. Went with my fiancee. Decent pedicure, although I've had better ones from other places that were more detailed and gave better leg/foot massages. Great for the coupon price.
4	I really like this place. Tried it out on a groupon and they did an awesome job. Ive been coming for pedi and mani and it has always been reasonably priced and they give out coupons. Also salon is always clean and sanitary. today i had them do a design in my nails and it came out adorable. A good value and a good experience.
5	Had a really nice experience getting a pedicure here today. I had a little wait - but that allowed me to soak and enjoy the massage chair. The technician I had, Michelle, did a really nice job!The $20 pedicure included a sugar scrub, hot stone massage and regular massage - WOW...these are usually add-ons.The place looked clean and everyone was really nice...and for $20 - why not!
2	I really wasn't happy with the quality of service at this nail salon for a couple of reasons. 1) They eyebrow wax that I had done was a mess, and my mom's was even worse. Eyebrows weren't even, and they blow on the wax which is just unsanitary. 2) I got a gel manicure that just showcases the inability to paint nails. There is polish on my skin, the edges are missing polish in some areas, and my nails were not cut before she started. Also, she made me bleed and the gel is pulled up in some places. They're really only getting 2 stars because they attempted to be friendly. I don't suggest going here.
4	Just got a simple pedicure here. When I go to a nail salon, I rate my experience based on sanitation, how good my nails look, how relaxing the experience was, and the friendliness of the staff (yes, in that order!). Sanitation was excellent; very clean shop without clippings on the floor, clean seats and foot basins, properly sanitized towels and tools. My nails look great; very evenly filed, perfect application of polish, no torn up cuticles. The experience was great; the chairs had higher-tech remotes than most places, long massage focusing on my feet and ankles for no extra charge, quiet salon. The staff was just fine - I cannot remember my nail technician's name (sorry!), but it was a gentleman with several tattoos and maybe in his 20's who did a fantastic job and was very kind. I used a check-in deal and got my pedi for $18 so it was fair enough. Knocked off a star because there were barely any good magazines, and yes I'm picky like that.
5	I found a Groupon for a mani pedi so I came in early Sunday morning. Most nail places are closed on Sunday, so I was happy to find a place open. Everyone was so friendly. So many nail polish colors and brands to choose from. And just many options for gel polish. Jenny did an amazing job! She waxed my eye brows and they look perfect. Everyone there was so talented. I highly suggest you check this place out. I know I will be going back. I suggest getting in early, by the time I was done, the place was packed.
2	If you're okay with settling for mediocrity, then this is the place for you. Unsanitary, lazy service. The girl used the same cuticle clipper that she used on my pedicure for the manicure. She didn't even bother to wipe the clippers clean so the collected cuticle bits were trapped away in the crevices of the clippers. The "drying station" is a greasy table where everybody places their nails to dry by the distant heat of a dinky light bulb that hangs overhead. You'll be waiting at least an hour if you opt to dry your nails this way as the heat emitted by the light bulb does nothing but shine light on your less-than-great manicure. There are better, cleaner, FRIENDLIER places.
4	New to the neighborhood and decided to check them out since I haven't been happy with my normal nail place the last couple of times. Great prices; she did a great job on my pedicure and I actually was able to relax and doze off. I got the Royal Spa Pedicure which included a soak, massage, callus remover or wax, and polish. The menu was a little confusing and got a paraffin wax and the callus remover when I wanted the callus remover and design and needed clarification on getting a design but 1st time there; now I know what to ask for.
4	Came in for a mani pedi with no appointment. Everyone is very nice and friendly. Mani pedi was $30 which is typical for this area. My guy was very nice and easy to talk to. Only reason I couldn't give 5 stars is because I just didn't feel the quality was there. My mani was super super thick and I when one started to bubble I let him know, he immediately came to fix it but I asked to just do clear instead which is also thick but at least not to noticeable.
1	I've loyally gone to 4D nails for 2 years now and have finally realized it's not the place it used to be. I've referred many people here and almost all have had bad experiences. My mom and sister have both been badly cut during pedicures (with hardly an apology from the tech) and most of my referrals say they think the quality of the service and outcome is poor. I always defended it since the price is low but today I realized you're getting what you pay for. I had the young male tech - he's always way too rough, and he cut my cuticle then tried to tell me it was my "hangnail" like it was my fault. I had no hangnail, he literally snipped my skin and tried to blame me. Then he's complaining that the polish remover is hurting his finger since he has a cut on it so I suggest he puts on a bandaid but instead he acts tough and squirts alcohol on his wounded finger into the bowl of water that I'm then supposed to soak my fingers in?! I was in shock. I wanted to ask him to not finish my manicure and I wanted to complain to the owner but I think its his son. I also have noticed how dirty their gel lights are and in fact everything feels dirty, the shelves behind the stations are filthy, the techs are eating potato chips right there, its just grimey. I'm really sad to be writing this review as this has been my salon for a while but I will not be returning. I suggest you think twice about going there as well.
2	I started going to this salon after seeing a groupon for it. My first experience there was alright. Not the best nail salon but also not the absolute worst. My last visit there is what made me want to never come back. I got a pedicure and gel manicure from the younger guy and I honestly thought he was just the salon "helper" because all the other times I had come in he was just sitting in a desk in a corner tending to his farm on Facebook. The pedicure was mediocre and lasted only about 10 min total which is entirely too short for a "deluxe pedi." What really upset me was during my gel mani, I asked him to file my nails in an "almond" shape. He had no idea what meant. I tried to describe it to him and even pulled up a picture from Pinterest. He looked at me and said that's round. He then grabbed my phone and showed it to the person next to him as he proceeded to mock me and say that it's so annoying when people walk in with Pinterest pictures and expect them to replicate the designs. According to him those designs are all "photoshopped" and aren't actually possible to make. All of this because I asked for a shape! And that is the reason why I will not be returning to 4D Nails. If you insist on going, try your luck with one of the other nail techs but avoid that guy at all costs.
5	This place is awesome! Tommy was very nice and did great on my toes. I will be going back here for sure! He took his time and did a fantastic job! Highly recommended!
2	Nice remodel and pedicure was ok, but still searching for my go-to spot.
4	Very happy with this place. We bought on groupon we haven't had very good luck with groupon and pedi .. They were clean took there time and did it right. I  am a nail tech so very picky.we will be back .also the nail art was awesome..
1	Worst manicure I've ever received. It took approximately 1.5 hours to do a GEL MANICURE!! With no hand massage and on natural nails. It took so long that a guy came in after me and got a mani pedi and still left before I did. The color is uneven she put so many coats on one nail to cover her mistakes that when she was drying my hand off she messed up the polish because all of the other nails ever completely dry. I asked her to fix it and it took her another 15 minutes just to fix her mistake. I came in because the reviews were decent and the price was good and I'm new to this area.But this was not worth it.
