3	Friendly staff but very slow service. I waited over an hour just to get a review of my lab test??? Dr. Kimberly is great though..they just need to improve their service time.
2	I've been here twice now and both times I experienced a long long long wait. I expected the first visit to have a long wait as they would have to add me as a new patient and communicate with my insurance, but it turns out that my second visit had a SIGNIFICANTLY longer wait. I waited 45 minutes. In the waiting room and then about another 35 minutes waiting to be seen in the room. My primary insurance isn't accepted by them, so I am technically not supposed to have my secondary insurance billed, and I have told the staff this multiple times, yet they still haven't recorded that anywhere. I am supposed to pay as for a cash visit and they still try to charge me only my copy every time, which could cause trouble with my insurance company. The staff isn't organized at all. They couldn't even find the sign in sheet. All of your measurements are written down on sticky notes, which I'm assuming isn't always transferred where intended considering that the woman who was weighing me asked me what my weight was at the time of my last visit. They are friendly for the most part but that's not all it takes to run a doctor's office. The professionalism just isn't there.Dr. Adams herself is awesome, which is the only reason I gave 2 stars. She is a busy doctor with lots of patients but still makes you feel remembered and spends time talking with you until any and all questions have been answered. I intend to continue to see her but it sure would be nice if the staff worked on their organization and professional skills.
3	Dr. Adams has a great demeanor and she is professional and courteous.
1	Doctor is great... But everything else about this clinic is really bad. Staff is rude, waiting time is forever!
2	Dr.Adams is great! Rest of office parley run. Long wait time, violations of patient privacy, loud staff!
