5	EVP Coffee is one of the best local coffeeshops in town--freshly roasted coffee, great and friendly staff, a good selection of bakery and drinks, plus a fabulous atmosphere. One of my favorite things to do is go and sit and study there and look at the drawings in the glass of their tables.
5	Excellent coffeeExcellent pastryExcellent staffWhat more could a person want in a coffee shop?
4	I have been going to EVP this summer to do my studying.  It's totally great! I used to study at other coffee shops closer to the square, but I find that now EVP seems to attract a quieter crowd. There's also a good chance of getting a seat.I've only ordered the iced coffee so far, but all coffee is basically the same to me.  But the big plus -  unlimited refills.  Big negative -close at 6 every day, and might be closed sundays.I don't think they have a/c, but lots of windows.  Staff seems pretty friendly, and the interior is kind of funky in an independent coffee shop way.
4	Moving here from Seattle, one of my top priorities was to find good coffee. And this cute little acronym-of-a-coffee shop has what I need! Delicious coffee, extremely friendly baristas, and a great vibe. I'm writing this review from the new Sequoya EVP on Midvale and Tokay. Next month, I'm moving just down the street, and I'm pretty stoked about my new neighbor! The windows are tall, allowing great natural light to fill the room. I love the artwork and acid-washed cement floors. I look forward to many a lazy Saturday morning, waking up with my EVP. So, dear EVP, please won't you be my neighbor?
5	This is easily the best coffee shop in Madison.  First and foremost, the coffee is very strong and delicious.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  The various locations (Mineral Point Road, Sequoya, VA Hospital and East Washington) are convenient.  I think the VA location helps keep the entire UW/VA medical system running.
5	Love this place. Love the atmosphere the patio outside. Wonderful day to whiddle away the afternoon.
5	Best coffee I have ever had, and that's the truth.
4	Two walls of windows allow sunlight to pour in this coffee shop.  Lots of tables with mismatched chairs add to the casual, funky charm.  We never had a problem getting a seat on any of the weekend afternoons we visited, which was nice.  The tables are glass-topped, protecting found "treasures" that make for interesting things to look at (peoples' doodles, ticket stubs, postcards, etc.).  The service was just fine, one time the barista was super friendly, another time not overly so... but all in all it was satisfactory.  And they had a nice tea selection, loose leaf, so you know I appreciated that!  They have a small, private, free, parking lot adjacent to the building, otherwise there is street parking that is non-metered and non-permitted on nearby side streets.   Not a bad spot at all to spend an afternoon.
4	Buy your freshly roasted beans here. You won't be disappointed. When it comes to coffee, EVP has it going on. I don't much care for their pastries, but their coffee is top of the charts for me.
2	I was pretty underwhelmed given the sparking reviews. Then again, this is based off of a single visit, so maybe some baristas here actually give a damn about what they serve. The latte I got was way too hot, and made with re-steamed soy milk that had been sitting out in a steaming pitcher--a definite no-no at any decent cafe. It may be difficult to get soy milk to the proper consistency, but there wasn't even an attempt here. The result was a mediocre beverage on par with something I could've gotten at any coffee chain (e.g. Espresso Royale, Starbucks, etc). Though it's on the other side of town, I would have gladly gone to Bradbury's on my trip through for a quality latte had I known EVP's would be barely drinkable.
4	Good coffee, good pastries and an actual SELECTION of decaf!The only complaint is that it is somewhat slow in the morning with just one barista...don't go in with only 2 minutes before your bus stops.
5	I don't know where in the world I could get a better cup of coffee than EVP! Consistently superior quality. Everywhere I have every been, and I drink coffee like I breath air, EVP stands above.
5	This might be my favorite place to grab an Americano before work. The barista is really sweet, coffee is terrific and I never have to wait very long for my drink. I can't say this for all the other coffee shops I frequent in Madison... thanks, EVP!
3	I stop here almost every day on my way to work for a quick caffeine fix. They don't have the best cuppa joe in town, but it's better than most and gets the job done. They roast their own beans in house and offer 4 or 5 different brews (usually lots of single origins) every morning. The staff is always friendly, the prices are super reasonable and the cup discount is one of the highest in town.
4	Prices very reasonable, baristas and fellow coffee/tea drinkers generally friendly. Very laid-back atmosphere; it doesn't get loud and I never feel guilty for lingering with my laptop. I don't find the coffee to be the best in town, and at times it can be p slow (only ever one barista)... but although they're equidistant from my house, I'll keep picking EVP over the Johnson Public House, which makes me feel uncool and broke.Nitpicks: some chairs more sittable than others, appear to have gotten rid of salads so that there are no fruit/vegetable options (much less anything with protein-- this is not a place to attempt to have lunch)Perks (lol): soup of the day is often excellent, you can put your own doodles under the glass tabletops, hot cider is like $1.50 and comes with a whole cinnamon stick in it that can be used as a delicious straw, good chance of meeting friendly dogs.
5	Best fresh roasted (on site no less), ground to custom spec, coffee in Midwest. Bar none. Friendly staff too. I've whiled away many the winter morning here. One of the best places to visit in Madison. I love picking up just enough freshly roasted coffee beans for a couple of days. It makes the best brew at home to have the beans so fresh.
2	The coffee I had was pretty gross. The cappuccino was barely foamy, and the coffee was kind of rancidly bitter.
4	3 cheers for EVP East! I was attending a several day conference in Madison, and EVP provided a lovely break where I could get reading done and ease into the busy days. Friendly baristas, tasty pastries, and gender neutral bathrooms! Love it!If you're walking to/from EVP, I'd recommending hiking on Mifflin--Washington is crazy!
5	Hands down favorite coffee in Madison, Wisconsin, and maybe even the world. Well, I haven't traveled the whole world, but it's definitely some of the best coffee I've ever had, hands down.Maybe it's just my taste buds, but EVP makes their coffee perfectly. It's just strong enough, dark enough yet light enough, and always delicious. I loved coming here and then to the little outpost in the VA Hospital on my work breaks. Ever since I moved, I've missed this place. And, for what it's worth, prices are reasonable. :)
5	Enough said. Seriously great lattes, generally lots of room. Mikey before noon and Greg in the afternoon - they both make some of the best lattes in the biz... they are serious about quality.
