3	If you are a Northern California resident like me and you're looking for someplace to golf in the Phoenix area, what I'm about to say will amaze you.  Phoenix residents however, are apparently quite used to this:Okay.  I paid for 18 holes for myself and my nephew, a riding cart, rental clubs for said nephew and a dozen golf balls.  The entire total came to $89!!!  That won't even cover the green fees at most courses around the San Francisco area!  All this for a Friday morning tee time.  How crazy is that?The course is very straightforward with a Rating/Slope of 71.9/122 from the tips and 68.3/117 from the forward tees.  I honestly thought it played a little easier than this, but then again the Arizona Golf Association doesn't have Pebble Beach or Spyglass to view as comparison.  There are two forced carry holes but otherwise, any novice should be able to get around this course without wanting to give up after the Front 9.For a muni in the middle of the desert, I was pleasantly surprised at the condition of the course, the greens and the tee boxes.  Brown patches of grass were few and far between.  The greens rolled fairly smooth given the amount of play.  I can't comment on the pace as I never saw the group in front of us, nor was there ever a group behind us.  All in all, it was a fun course at a great price.The caveat of course is the oppressive Arizona heat.  Figure out how much water you will need, then bring twice that much.  I would reccomend wearing a wide-brim hat, LONG SLEEVE golf shirt and slathering sunscreen on any and every exposed piece of skin.  How these people put up with this year round is beyond me.
4	This course remains one of the old courses of Phoenix. Still maintained by the City of Phoenix, this course offers every level of golfer some challenges and enjoyments. Not the longest course  you will find, it offeres other challenges in the way the course weaves through the Cave Creek Wash.  Tee boxes that require drives over the wash. Approaches that are some times blind and many times from unlevel lies.  And some challenging greens.  You won't be disappointed. My only complaint, and the reason for 4 stars... Phoenix has adopted a more difficult tee time reservation system.  Having to call into a central number or reserve through the internet, the City has made it more difficult. But take a minute to get a tee time, you will love the challenge..
2	This is the first time I played here. As a matter of fact, first time I played in Phoenix metro so my basis for comparison is weak. Nevertheless, I thought prices were a bargain and competitive based on my twenty minutes of phone calls prior. The course was "up to par" and challenging. I was in the water a few times. It is too bad, however, that my main takeaway from this golf course was the "old man" at the counter. He was, quite frankly, an ass (this is aside from the oddities of the elderly). My buddy and I are young (around 30), but I am not a fan of someone big-leagueing me if I ask a few questions. Save that for the school yards, not the golf course. With that being said, there are far too many other conveniently reachable and competitively priced golf courses in the Phoenix metro area for me to return here.
3	This course is A-OK! Paid 20$ for cart with a 8am tee time in the summer! Twosome with no additions and no one behind us. Course could be maintained better but it is still quite fun! Great opportunity to use your driver! Lots of long holes!
1	The old reliable restaurant is not the same . The prices had gone up by couple of dollars. The  eggs very oily . The hash browns were way overcooked.  Only decent item was the bacon. Even the toast was overcooked.
