4	This is a little gem tucked away near Haymarket station. Too often do I see people settle for a crappy Rail Pub next to the Station. They may wander up the street, if they knew about this place,.Decent beer - not cheap but then expected for this type of Edinburgh location. Good bar selection. Nice decor and comfortable chairs. Food is quite good with a reasonable selection. Most tastes are catered for here. If you find yourself settling for a dark pub next to the Haymarklet sign - think about taking a wee walk just up the street to this little find.
5	Mercat went and fixed the one issue I had with it before. The Food.Not sure what changed in the kitchen but Cary "Mr Challenge" and I arrived at the Mercat for a Vendor Event held in the lower lounge area of the bar. We were both hungry and a bit early for the free grub which would be rolled out later by the vendor. I chose a burger as did Cary. However, Cary said maybe some nachos to start. The bucket of Nachos arrived and was consumed with trepidation. Great chilli on top of cheese and a large mound of baked tortillas. Next the burgers arrived. They were great and the chips were stunning. But the large portions started to have their effect and we barely managed to complete these. The Vendors food was left untouched by us. I was exceptionally stuffed by the burger and the nachos. Brilliant food well presented. Don't think you will get the tiny portions you received here before. They have definitely up their game and the quantity of food.
4	The Mercat Bar in Haymarket boasts of being the best gastropub in town, and that bold statement is not far from the truth at all.It's a big step up from the traditional (and occasionally downtrodden) appearance of gastropubs - with its contemporary, clean and simple look, you can tell from the offset it's a cut above.Aside from having a good and vast assortment of drinks behind the bar, they pride themselves on having an up-to-date, widely varied menu. It's basically tarted up pub grub, but they do it with an elegant flair. From hummus sandwich snacks to big (and I mean big) tasty burgers, it's good stuff. They even had guacomole as a side order which I found quite unusual but also to my liking!It's the kind of pub you can relax in, but with its sophisticated take on the gastro style it's one you could meet for a big family meal, or even a hot dinner date!
5	incredulicious burgers, home-made everything, and the mac & cheese RULES! they were a little late withone of our orders so they took it off the bill.. classy move...
5	This was the best dinner we had in Edinburgh. Our concierge suggested this place and we went in with no expectations  there werent very many people there on a friday night, whch usually isnt a good sign - boy was i wrong!The people were friendly, the food was great and the whiskey list was extensive and reasonably priced. I ordered the tuna which was delicious and hubby had the grill with peppercorn steak which he equally loved. We were too full for dessert with the wine and beer and food and scotch but if coming back to Edinburgh, will try.  This was truly a pleasant surprise.
4	Went here for dinner on a weeknight, and it was moderately busy (hard to tell, since there is a downstairs area as well). We started with kefta, which was superb. My wife had nothing but good things to say about her fish, and i had sizzling steak in peppercorn sauce, which was also delicious. Beer selection was decent, Deuchars was the only real ale. Service was a little bit slow, but staff were constantly darting up and down the stairs, and they never looked like they were just standing around, so I'm thinking they might have been running a man short. I would certainly go back.
3	this review may be a bit underrated as i was only at the mercat to attend an event.  so due to this, perhaps didn't experience the full of extent of what the bar has to offer.  but that said, the drink selection is pretty decent (although my boyfriend was disappointed that he could only get prosseco and not champange, but i think this is normal for most mid-range bars and probably a request they very infrequently get).  however, there was a large number of spirits available and beers on tap or bottled.  so no one went thirsty.  i noticed that some people had ordered food and it smelled good, but i can't report on the quality as i didn't have any.i have to say that the service though was excellent.  there was a large number of people, some very drunk, constantly at the bar ordering more drinks.  but the bartenders were polite (although they did look a wee bit harassed, which i dont' blame them for) and did their best to keep up with the demand for drinks.  so i did find this place A-OK and i'm sure on a return visit i'll be happy to update my review and perhaps add another star.  but in terms of use for a mid-size event, this was a good venue.  they booked out the lower bar for us which was a great space and had it's own private bar so no need to travel upstairs.  my only real complaint was the spiral staircase between the floors.  i mean a few drinks and wearing heels meant that i had great difficulty in not falling on my face when i attempted to go up or downstairs.  perhaps they should re-think this design in terms of customer health and safety!
5	Very good gastropub with an extensive menu, good wine list and now a good range of whiskies in their downstairs bar. When looking in don't worry if it looks busy there is more room for dining downstairs as well as two vip couch areas that you can reserve. Have had many after work drinks with colleagues in these areas. They also have wine tasting nights which are definitely worth the money. Also a good pub for rugby nights.
4	Stopped buy for lunch after landing in Edinburgh. Fish and chips were excellent. The other 2 with me enjoyed there food also. One had a burger the other a sizzling chicken platter. service was quick and pleasant
