2	I certainly have stayed in worse places, but they generally didn't cost $100 per night. To be fair--the place is clean. The temperature was good. It's just small and old. The carpets are threadbare, in places. There is no restaurant, and no obvious nearby place to eat--I ended up driving around for a while before I found something. The people who work here are very friendly, and as the previous reviewer wrote, it's got a manager's happy hour (which I arrived right before the end of), and a fitness center & pool. You have to reach the fitness center and pool by going outside, though, and in the middle of February, that's not so attractive. The mall that is nearby is not really a mall. It's got a Giant Eagle and a KMart, but all the other businesses seem to have closed. Even the ATM was boarded up, which is really not a good sign.
5	I'm saying this is as good as it gets. If you're a visitor coming for a Steelers game, that doesn't need 5 star accommodations, then I HIGHLY recommend checking this place out. Two words: FREE SHUTTLE. Hell yes, free shuttle to and from the Pittsburgh Steelers game(downtown Pittsburgh Hilton, about 1 mile away). Free shuttle to and from the airport. Complimentary managers happy hour (two free drinks per person). Complementary Internet and parking. Breakfast buffet in the morning. Seriously, as a tourist on my first trip to Pittsburgh for a Steelers game this hotel made everything way to damn easy. It isn't 5 stars for it's glitz and glamour, however the rooms are clean and I cannot stress how tremendously friendly the staff is. It isn't exactly close to the downtown area, but like I said- free shuttles will take you there and pick you up. I can't recommend this place enough for it's 'value to complimentary services' ratio. Made my trip to Pittsburgh a breeze.
5	First time in Pittsburgh, a great value!Free shuttle to/from the airport, to/from downtown area (and they will drop you off/pick you up wherever within a reasonable distance). The staff is EXTREMELY friendly. The bed was comfortable, and the room was clean. It was a little small, but it was comfortable. Only stayed for one night, but wouldn't have minded staying for more.Oh yeah, complimentary breakfast (which I didn't wake up for), happy hour (which I wasn't in the hotel for) and indoor heated pool (which I didn't get to go in).p.s. tip the shuttle driver, people.
3	The Parkway Center Inn did not live up to my expectations based on other Best Westerns I've stayed at - my room was tiny & dated.For some reason, I had thought that there was a restaurant on site. There isn't, and there isn't really anything close either. A mini fridge in the room would have been . . . useful. To be fair, they do offer a continental breakfast & an evening cocktail hour - neither of which I was around to check out.  The room was clean, free parking and internet, reasonably friendly staff etc, but I'll definitely chose to spend a bit more to be in a more serviced neighborhood next time.
4	Easy access, plenty of parking, friendly staff, clean. A little old fashioned though but I think that's nothing to be bothered about if you just need a bed for a night. Glad they had an happy hour.
3	Not a bad place, but here is the good an the bad.The bad: The light in our room didn't work. It's not very close to pittsburgh. Hotel requires updating. The good: Hotel was a great price. The gym was huge for hotel standards with large locker rooms. Decent free continental breakfast in the morning and a free two drink happy hour in the evening. Friendly staff. Free shuttle to events in the city. Overall I would stay here again.
3	This is exactly what I was looking for in a hotel during my one night stay in Pittsburgh. Close to the city, but far enough out to get free parking and a reasonable rate (under $100).The room was fairly small, but I was only planning on sleeping in it. It was clean so I couldn't ask for much more. The people at the front desk were very friendly too.If I go back to Pittsburgh, I will absolutely stay here again.
3	My husband and I stayed at the Best Western Parkway Center Inn for a U2 Concert at Heinz Field. We realized that the room was going to be extremely small based on the reviews, but I think I was taken aback as to how small it really was. The hotel was clean on both the inside and outside. Although our room was down a very narrow corridor and a joining room to another room, it was clean and updated with a nice flat screen TV. We had Bath n Body Works products, which I use at home. The best part of the hotel was the free shuttle to and from the concert. I hate having to drive in traffic and parking would have cost us a pretty penny. The staff are wonderful! Very friendly and accommodating.  Apparently there is free breakfast from 6am-9am, which we were told about, but didn't get to take advantage of since we overslept. There is also a pool which we missed because we weren't at the hotel long enough. We did get to take advantage of the free wii fi which was very nice. The purpose of our stay was a place to sleep and for this purpose, this hotel served us well. However, if you intend on staying an extended amount of the time at the hotel, I would suggest elsewhere. The quaint room made me feel very claustrophobic. As well, there aren't any places to eat near. I would stay there again for a reason of a place to crash after a concert or something similar. I wouldn't recommend staying with a family at this facility because of it's size, unless you can get a bigger room or a couple rooms at once.
4	I thought this hotel was very nice. One of the better Best Westerns I've been in and the staff was polite and accomodating. The only bummer is it isn't within walking distance of anything, but they do have a convient shuttle for taking you downtown or to the airport.
4	Our stay here was nice.  The staff was friendly, they have coffee and pastry sitting out in the lobby, a FREE shuttle downtown, free parking, free local paper, and the rooms were clean.  We rented two rooms at $120ea. after tax, which I felt was a bit high, but not the end of the world.  The area is safe for a bigger city with an easy drive downtown and to avoid congestion when leaving Pitt.
4	We stayed here in an effort to cut costs (being competitors, we are always trying to cut costs...), and we weren't disappointed.  Our room was clean, the fridge was an adequate size, and we had a microwave and coffeemaker, plus free internet.  Another bonus was that we were relatively close to the downtown area without being part of that congestion.  The decor was pretty neutral, which was a nice surprise.  The staff was also pleasant and friendly.
2	The rooms are laid out weird, and for the cost the rooms are not worth it.  There are also not many place to eat around the hotel.
