4	I'm told that E. Carson St. in the South Side of Pittsburgh has one of the highest concentrations of bars per block in the country, and I can definitely believe it.  But while E. Carson St. itself is home to a plethora of sports-, beer-, and dive-bars as well as any combination thereof, which attract locals and tourist alike, the South Side side streets (try saying that 5 times fast...especially if you have the slightest of lisps - like me :) ) contain more than their share of hidden gems.One such bar is Jekyl & Hyde.  From the decor to the beer selection, this establishment could not be more faithful to its terrifically terrifying theme.The exterior is that of a haunted castle, complete with a [presumably] empty suit of armor guarding the front gate/door.  Once inside, you're assaulted by skeletal remains, ghoulish rubber heads, and spiderwebs on all sides.  But in a good way (especially if you're an avid Horror movie fan).A chalkboard lists upcoming events such as karaoke nights, live music (some of which I was fortunate enough to witness and was extremely impressed by), and free pool night.  The bar and tables are lined with flyers listing appropriately named specialty mixed drinks.  They also have an excellent beer selection, due largely to microbrewers' penchants for scary names for beers and J&H's proclivity to stock such beers.The night that I came (largely due to my Welsh bladder and the need to use their restroom) their bartender was attentive, fun, and easygoing. The music, both live and from the jukebox, was entertaining, but what really set this bar apart from any bar I've been to -  was its faithful following of its frightful theme. Staring around me at the assortment of people around me, my lungs slightly sore from belting out to Rock Band, my eyes itching from my brother's cigarette smoke, and my hands cold from my bottomless mug of water (which the bartender was on point at continuing to refill) - I couldn't help but sigh in perfect contentment.
4	I love this place. It is down the road from the main drag of Carson Street- so thankfully, it's a lil off the beaten path for all the student bar hoppers. When you walk in you will notice the horror theme and the drink list is crazy scary like jager and oj. ew. There is always some idoit playing the Uncle Fester Electric Shock treatment game.. complete with shock handles and a smoking lightbulb- haha! There is one pool table and a decent jukebox with guest dj nites.The 'special' scary drinks are adorned with lil skeletons or other strange trinkets. The beer selection is top notch - they carry many specialty beers in the cooler.One day when we were in town here, like 30 pirates showed up, and no.. it was NOT even Halloween. Good Times!
3	Halloween everyday all year round.  The drinks are weird concoctions, I tried one... not horrible.  It's off the drag of carson, which is actually nice.  The proprietors are good people. pretty down to earth.  I agree with the others, not big into that Uncle Festers Shock game.  Some d-bag's always playing it or making their gf play it and she'll scream and squirm... it's terrible.All in all though, nice little spot off carson
4	Jekyl and Hyde is probably my favorite bar in the South Side. Why? It is not frequented by the high heeled drunk girls and their popped collar boyfriends. Yes. I'm a bar snob.Best of all, the place has a year-round Halloween theme. The interior reminds me of a haunted house... but with sports playing on the TVs. Jekyl has a decent beer selection at great prices, too. Their well drinks all have a corresponding "spooky" name.  On Saturdays, a DJ livens the place up with dance hits and there are often free taster shots on weekends. All in all, its a great dive bar with a haunted twist.
5	I have to agree with my esteemed girlfriend... Jekyl and Hyde is my favorite South Side bar. Not only do they have your usual Yuenglings and Miller Lights for cheap, but they also sport an interesting and unique variety of high gravity beers (including the delicious 14% ABV Samichlaus). They also make their own signature beer and liquor concoction, "Witch's Brew." Opinions are mixed among my friends--some hate it, some love it--but if you go, you should try it.The bar service can be a bit slow at peak times, but the bartenders are great. Amazingly, Carmella will remember your name once she learns it and greet you personally the next time you're in. If you can reach the inner sanctum of regulars (sadly, I haven't), you get added to her mass text for their special events, and a reminder if you forgot your credit card.Others, including my dear Becky, have described the decor well. I'll just add that when they actually have Halloween parties, people come in costume; the atmosphere is even better! I do have to disagree with some of the other reviewers, though: the shock game is a favorite of mine.Basically, this is a welcome change of pace from your average Carson St. bar.
2	I was here once, two years ago. I had high hopes because my bff's partner raved about it and because its like halloween everyday. Unfortunately is was lame, lame, lame. Parking is beyond aggravating and it looks like the Dollar Tree threw up in there.
4	Get your morbid on!Great Halloween theme, drinks arelike shitty candy.(b)
3	"Pittsburgh's #1 Halloween bar""Pittsburgh's ONLY Halloween bar"J&H was a chill spot for post-holiday Monday drinking. This was my first time and my friends didn't prepare me at all for the decor. Kind of felt like we were drinking inside a Hot Topic.Drinks were cheap, and you get 50% off an "Evil Drink" for checking in on Yelp, but please note this canNOT be applied to the "Evil Shots."
5	Does what it says on the label - it's a halloween theme bar with 'evil' drinks that taste like candy.  I highly recommend the Zombie.  They have a pool table in the back which is cheap to play.  Also have fun lighting and decor and a very laid back atmosphere.  You will have a good time here.
2	This place always has a dj in the evenings, there is a tiny dance floor and usually cheap drink specials.  Generally I disliked this place, the blue moon I ordered seemed to be watered down and hence gross.  They do offer it for 3$ everyday, all day.  My friend said it might have been at the bottom of the keg, idk if bottom of the keg beer is generally sub-par but my drink was.  I really hope my friends do not take me here again.
3	I ADORE HALLOWEEN - so I was expecting all out, in your face, free candy, spooky, slightly evil bar. I didn't see the appeal. Mixed drinks with spooky names, dark lighting, and a few "halloween themed" decorations.  Just seemed like a $500 effort to turn a regular town bar, into a halloween bar.  One plus, it was one of the new places I could get an iron city.  Why is it so hard to get a pittsburgh staple beer in pittsburgh? (Yes I noticed that it wasn't made in pgh anymore). I'd love to see them spend another couple grand and make it more halloween please.
4	I'm in love with this bar.  Anyplace that can incorporate Halloween into the decor and sustain it 365 days a year gets my vote.The drinks all have ghoulish names and no two are the same.  Depending on their inventory the cups or straws are Halloween themed too.  Last time I was there, I got one of those spider rings usually out on Halloween and wore it for the remainder of the night.  No one had to ask if I was at Jeckyll & Hyde with that piece on.If you don't like Halloween, stop sniveling.
4	Okay, you got me!  I'm a sucker for themed bars!  Don't give me a trendy club where every girl's wearing 10 inch heels and a tight dress and every bro is well... a bro.  I want corny, cheesy themes that you can just go in and have some fun!  I want some fun tunes to let loose and a friendly bartender that doesn't look so bored they want to die.  No lie, the bartender touched me, with a fake arm.  You know, the ones you buy from Halloween stores that have blood on the top like it was chopped off.  Fitting right?Come to Jekyl and Hyde were everyday is Halloween, for realz!  The specialty drinks have a whole list of "Evil Names" that you can choose from, and they won't break the bank either.  Any day of the week they'll have some kind of theme.  It's really just a old fashion good time, with creepy decorations!
3	I had high hopes for this place. As a horror movie fan and lifelong metal head I was really wanting this place to be better than it was. They offer a plethora of shots but all of them sound pretty gross and are all VERY "girly" but I also don't want any liquor that is overly sweet, has high fructose corn syrup, or is primarily based on schnapps. The shot I settled on they were out of the key ingredient. Full disclosure, I work for Geeks Who Drink, and I was here on business. If I'm not in a bar I'm not working. We run pub quizzes in 30 states and had just expanded to PGH. I wanted to check out the trivia night there. Unfortunately, I was the only person there to play trivia that night. Additionally, in my hour there only 2 other customers showed up. I'll go back if I'm in PGH and give them another try. I really hope their weekend karaoke is as awesome as it should be or I'll be significantly disappointed.
4	I love themed bars, especially Halloween/scary stuff themed bars. The concept of this place is great. It's a dive-type place with some interesting mixed drinks and cool atmosphere. They really need more help, especially on the weekends, because the poor bartender was in way over her head. I waited 15 minutes to order at one point. This is likely because they have these awesome things called Evil Drinks that have vampire teeth, witch fingers and spider rings decorating them. Awesome touch and great flavors. They have a ton of seasonal brews on tap. Head over there now for a huge pumpkin selection. I'd go back to J&H, but maybe not on a Friday or Saturday night. The DJ was pretty awesome, though!
3	Halloween-themed drinks and a good craft beer selection.  Jekyll is can be a nice change of pace from the regular shenanigans of Souf Side.  Definitely a lot calmer than the Carson Street action.  It's a good mix of hipsters, bros, and whoever else wanders in.  It's not my favorite bar, but it's doable since my friends like it.P.S. The scariest part of the bar is bathroom.  Hands down.
2	I have mixed feelings about this place. I'm not a fan of Halloween so I didn't get the theme nor like it. The bar was dark, dirty, and the decorations were not my thing.  It is off the main drag of Carson Street but it was still crowded which surprised me.  The prices were not bad and they had good specials for a weekend.  I went with a $3 fireball.  I would give this bar another try.
4	Pretty much always Halloween here. A cool dive bar. Nothing more.
4	Halloween all year round? That equals totally awesome! At times it can be overly crowded and smokey but still worth going too. They have several bar crawls a year that support the Halloween theme. If you attend often enough, the bartenders know you by name and invite you to special events. Also nice that is not directly on carson so you have to want to come here to find it.
5	I was just being a baby about it not being open at 7:07..its awesome in there. And great service. Spooky drinks and Spooky shots are awesome and not crazy pricey. It's like Halloween plus carnival plus liquor in a drink. Big fan.
4	Fun little dive bar with good specials, decent drink selection and fun live music.  If you want a good spot that is somewhat off the beaten path with a mid 20-30 crowd, this is the place to go.   Also, bartenders and very accommodating and serve with a smile :)
4	Oh Jekyll and Hyde! If you are looking for a new and creative bar to check out in south side.. I really recommend coming here. I had some of my best memories at this place with the help of good friends, great music and awesome mixed drinks! It's a smaller bar and can get crowded at times but it's worth giving it a shot. They have some really cool and DELICIOUS Halloween themed drinks.. My favorite being 'the zombie'. The best part about it is if you ordered one of their mixed drinks... You get vampire teeth or a spider ring along with it! The only downfall is if you aren't a fan of smelling like smoke after leaving... It can get pretty smokey in there!
4	There's something about this bar I love, and I don't know entirely what it is. The drinks are good, service is fair...I think the Halloween theme and interesting crowd do it for me. Karaoke night is always my favorite night here.  :)
1	I've done karaoke for 15 years and the guy tonite is easily the worst I've ever witnessed. Sound system sucks and frankly the DJ blows...
