4	I love Diamond China.  Their portions are a bit smaller than they used to be, but there's still a good amount of food to get me satisfied.  The food's still delicious.  Usually this place would get 5 stars, but service was a bit bad the last couple of times.  I'll bring it back to a 5 if they redeem themselves.  Anyways, the Hong Kong style chow mein noodles are awesome as are the Pork in chef's sauce, the vegetable dishes, the shrimp with that mayonnaise type of sauce, etc... The place is located next to a saloon kind of hidden across Fashion Show Mall.  It doesn't ever get packed when I'm there, and I hope it stays that way even with reviews from Yelp.  I love this place for some great Chinese food.
5	I *love* this place. It is definitely the best Chinese Food I have ever had. Many options, ranging from the exotic to more familiar favorites. Plenty of vegetarian choices.Hot & Sour Soup - Full of vegetables and tofu, the sour mixed with the spiciness was a perfect way to warm up. It was so delicious I ate two cups even though I had more food coming.Schezuan Scallops - Bay Scallops aren't my favorite type of scallops, but this dish was really good. It isn't garnished with lots of useless bits of uncooked broccoli like at other restaurants. This is a full plate of scallops.Chicken Egg Foo Young - Hands down, the best egg foo young in town. The patties were generously sized and the gravy was to die for.I also hear that their wonton soup is delicious.Don't be alarmed by the exterior (Sonny's Saloon) and the neighborhood. The people in the saloon are nice (their drink prices are very reasonable). In fact, I kind of like the atmosphere.Our waitress was a little grumpy, but I won't take stars off for that. The food more than made up for it and everyone has a bad day every once in a while.
2	Sonny's/Diamond gets at least some props for living up to my senior citizen pal's description of the place as "Half Chinese restaurant, half saloon." He'd been describing it as such for months and I figured it was just a bar that served Chinese food. Nooooooooo...the description was spot on. You walk into Sonny's, a "saloon" or bar in its own right, and at the back, there's a short passageway which leads into, wait for it, a Chinese restaurant. Yes, kinda like the KFC/Taco Bell one-two punch except not at all. Sonny/Diamond also gets a shout out for being on Industrial road, nestled between strip clubs and other shadiness. Las Vegas at its best/worst.But the accolades stop there. I was amused by the scene of our waitress telling my eating companion exactly what we would be eating that night, which included spicy string beans, pork chops, orange beef, and spicy fried shrimp. The string beans were quite good, and the pork chops passable, but the orange beef was sludgy and sweeter than a pixie stick; the spicy shrimp dish was fine, just kinda forgettable. Not a terrible place to eat when you're intoxicated and jonesin' for some sodium, but there are so many other late-night spots in town that go toe-to-toe, why try one of them?
4	two thumbs up.
4	I remember when this place was in a rinky dink strip mall before Spring Mountain went over the I-15 Interstate. What a nightmare that was! It was good back then and it is still good to this day. Stay away from the regular stuff. You have to order the house specials and certain entree items. I would have to agree with one of the reviews that the quantity or amount of food has decreased over the years. Fortunately the quality has not degraded too much. Great restaurant and food with a bar next door.
3	This place was pretty cool. The food was good but the lady was crazy!! I wanted to order this stir-fried dish and she kept recommending me other things. NO!! I just want what I ordered!! Not your stupid suggestions. Honestly, she kept pressuring me to order a drink. I don't want a drink. She probably asked me about 3 times. I have a giant bowl of soup! My friend ordered egg foo yung and she requested sauce on the side. It took awhile so we asked her. She says,"Your juice is coming! Your juice is coming!" WOW... juice? That sounds disgusting if you know what I mean hahhaa. Everything was good cept for the aggressive service from the lady.
2	I could not agree more with Adam C's review. The only cool thing about this place is that it doubles as a chinese-restaurant AND a saloon. There's a little corridor between the two.Practically, it doesn't change anything though. It's really two separate places. If you have chinese food, you have it in the chinese restaurant. A very dark place, with no windows and little or no decorations. So much for the saloon atmosphere.We went for lunch, and the place was relatively busy. There was only one waiter, a chinese man who couldn't muster English. He didn't look very busy, but it took him a full 5 minutes to acknowledge us and bring us the menus. Then, another full 10 minutes to come back.We ordered two of the lunch specials: kung po chicken (pictured), and shrimp and vegetables. We asked for a soda, and water. It took him about 5-6 minutes to come back with the soda and waters, and then another full 10 minutes to come back with the egg-drop soup. You'd think that if it's part of a lunch special and that everybody gets the same, they'd have it ready pretty quickly but no. Didn't taste like anything really.Another full 15 minutes and we got our entrees. So much for a quick lunch meal! The kung po chicken one of the worst I've ever had. Heck, all the recipes I've tried at home were better. The sauce wasn't spicy at all, and it tastes like the brown sauce that you get on noodles, but not salty. The chicken was fine, but there were almost no vegetables. It was just a very very blend dish.The shrimp and vegetables meal was average. We counted a total of 7 average-sized shrumps. There were plenty of vegetables in it, which was good. The sauce was a thick white sauce that was more or less flavorless. She ended up stealing my plate to get the sauce for her rice, because hers was even more blend than mine.Once we were done, we tried to get the waiters attention as he hadn't even come back once to our table and we wanted the check. We had already been there for about an hour, but he was too busy clearing up the dishes and making lots of noise (the dishes were collected right by the entrance of the kitchen, in the dining area. Go figure why.).In the end, we were very dissapointed. It was super close to our hotel, and we thought a small restaurant food where we could get cheap chinese food AND have a drink would be heaven. But the service was so sloppy, and the food was some of the most blend chinese food I've ever had. We would never go back, but the place gets a second star just for offering a $4.75 lunch special a block off the strip.
4	The reviews about the physical attributes are spot on. The 1st time I walked in I almost turned around and walked right back out. I only stayed because I was meeting other people there, who SWORE I would love the food.They were right.This is THE BEST authentic chinese food in the valley. If you're looking for sweet, americanized "chinese" food...don't go here.If you're looking for absolutely fresh, flavorful, authentic chinese food...you have to try it.Hot & Sour Soup - amazing...I won't even eat it at other places nowDouble salted squid - Wow! Makes traditional callamari boring.Garlic Spinach - Do NOT expect American spinach. This tastes totally different, and totally mouthwateringPork Chops with Chef's Special Sauce - Zippedy doo dah :) Make sure you ask for extra sauce...you'll want to drown your rice in it, it's sooo good.Actually, I don't think I've EVER had anything that wasn't absolutely fresh, hot, and delicious from this place.As for the "ambience"? lol....it kind of grows on you. In the 10 years or so that I've been going there, I've dragged lots of reluctant 1st timers through the door....and have NEVER had to apologize after.I only removed a star due to the ambience/location.
4	Wow! Delicious authentic and under $10 Chinese food. Except it's in quite possibly the seediest building and location EVER. It's walls are covered with "Best of Vegas - Asian Restaurant" awards which it's food deserved. Problem is it's in the middle of a saloon in a shady parking lot you know lots of blood has been spilled under a freeway overpass. Going in you think you're going to find 25 gangsters brandishing guns next to the bar. We came here on a recommendation of a friend for the best duck and rice for $10.The food was seriously GREATNESS. 1/2 crispy duck - A huge serving of perfect fatless duck in a beautiful oyster sauce with duck sweet n sour. 5 star.Salty squid calamari - perfectly battered and chewy. 4 stars.Sizzling Beef - very good, tender meat with a thick Chinese gravy.YOU SHOULD NEVER under any circumstance take a first date here. This is a place to go with friends you are comfortable with and just want to enjoy a great Chinese meal for $10-15 total each. Such good food, such horrible location and atmosphere.
4	I have been coming to Diamond Chinese for YEARS! It's my favorite Chinese restaurant. Don't let the odd location, shotty exterior, or the interior decor throw you because the food is GREAT! We never come here with less then 8 people. This is how it usually goes: *Ring, Ring* me: hello Julie: hey we're going to Diamond Chinese wanna come me: yep, what time. *Ring, Ring* Denise: hello me: hey we're going to Diamond Chinese, you and the family in? Denise: for sure, what time? ...and so on. We sit at the big round table with the lazy susan and sometimes they have to add an extension onto that to accommodate us. We order family style the same thing every time: Singapore Noodles Pork in Chef's Sauce Beef Chow Mein Sweet and Sour Chicken String Beans in Garlic SauceOrange Beef Salty Spicy Squid Combination Fried Rice We order multiple times, no one ever goes hungry, and provided no one is drinking alcohol or sodas, we end up owing like $10.00 each. That includes the tip! It's amazing!! We've never had an issue with service. Probably because they know us now :) This is a perfect spot for a pre-night on the town dinner, or as a cap to a day on the lake.
3	*2.5 stars, but I'll round up*Tried this place (despite it looking rather unsavory on the outside) a couple of days ago...Plate sizes/portions aren't as big as I'm used to living next two big Chinatowns in the Bay Area, and the food itself seems uninspired and low-key.Prices were on the high side at around $9 a plate which is high after considering the aforementioned factors, too...I liked, however, that the inside was actually nicer looking than I'd expected from judging the exterior. Service was also satisfactory.Other perks: Free parking in decent sized lot, restaurant is connected to a bar, and both are off the strip and low key / quiet. Also a decent menu selection.Advisories: Unsure how safe the area is and if parking for long periods of time is completely risk free..I'd eat here again but it definitely wouldn't be my first choice.
5	I've gone here about 4 times already and every time the food is delicious and the service is quick. You may be a little thrown off by the location. I probably wouldn't have ever noticed it if my boyfriend didn't point it out because it's pretty hidden in a ghetto looking plaza next to a bridge. When you walk in you usually see the staff eating at a table because it's not that busy (at least the times that I've gone). You get to seat yourself and they bring you the menus along with water. We usually order the pork in chef sauce and the crispy noodles because they are to die for! Then we'll try a couple dishes that we haven't tried before. The first time we went we got fried rice, but they give you complimentary white rice anyway so there's no need to order extra, just get another type of dish. Every time we've gone the place has been very peaceful. I like that it hasn't ever been very busy, it makes for a nice quiet meal. Even though the staff is usually eating at one of the tables, they're still very attentive and fill your glasses whenever they get halfway. This place has the best crispy noodles and pork I've had in town. I'm definitely a fan!
5	April 14th 2010  This is seriously the best Chinese food I have had... no joke!  I came in with a group of friends (we have all been here numerous times prior and just can't seem to stay away).  Here's the scoop:Ordered: Pot Stickers (8)  $6.95 Spicy Salt Squid $8.25 Baked Pork Chop w/ Spicy Salt $8.25 Sweet & Sour Chicken $8.25 House Special Crispy Noodle $6.95 Shrimp Fried Rice $7.50 Ice waterPros:  * Service is extremely fast (even when it's busy) & accurate w/ the order.* Generous portions and decently priced* Awesome Chinese food... I love it!Cons:* My favorite dishes (see below) are missing from the Lunch Specials* There's a "house special" board in the restaurant, but I can't read it because it is written in Mandarin (or perhaps Cantonese...I'm not sure exactly which it is).Tips:* We didn't order it this time, but definitely try the Baked Pork Chops with Chef Sauce... It is to die for!  A perfect combo of sweetness and crunch that I can't get enough of.* Lunch Specials run from 11 am- 3 pm and only comes Steam Rice* This place is a little hard to find, but look for Sonny's Saloon.  Diamond Chinese is connected.* ask for their hot sauce.. mmmmmmm*  Yes they cater!Final Verdict:  This place is a must!  I'm a big fan of Chinese cuisine, but this place just stands out to me.  I haven't had a dish that I  didn't like from Diamond (not to mention the food is not overly oily like most of its' competitors).  My favorites and "must haves" include: the Houes Special Crispy Noodle (AMAZING!!!!), Baked Pork Chops w/ Chef Sauce (this sauce makes this dish!), and the Spicy Salt Squid.  Aside from the food, the service here is amazing as well.  The server always recognizes me (even if I have not gone in for months).  She always remembers that I'm a big fan of their hot sauce (which appears to be a homemade concoction of sorts mainly composed of Sriracha) and that I like to have hot tea.  Upon taking my order, she already has both in hand.  It's always nice when places remember their customers.  What can I say... I'm a fan!!
5	This is my favorite and probably the best chinese restaurant in las vegas!  I've been coming here so much that the waiter and waitress know my order.  I can come in and they will run down my favorite items.  They also have recommended items to me that are not in the menu!  It never fails.The Honey Walnut Shrimp is the best ever! Every time I go to different chinese restaurants no one has come close to their walnut shrimp.  I've been to 27 states and tried walnut shrimps in every state but no one has every topped this restaurants Honey Walnut Shrimp.The service is phenominal! They treat you like family and during football season the chefs and waitress share their "hot picks"  I have recommended this restaurant to everyone I know.  Another big plus is that this place opens late.  They don't close till 2am!  So if you are ever craving some chinese this is the spot!
5	Although I haven't eaten here in many years I can say this is my favorite Chinese restaurant in they city.  The duck soup and chicken wings are amazing. It's an odd location, but try it if you haven't already done so.
4	Chinatown really begins HERE! Cheap deliciousness in an unlikely location near strip joints, sex toy shops, and Fashion Show Mall with an uninspiring dining atmosphere. But, as everybody else raves, the food is A+--nothing on the regular menu tops 10 bucks-lunches struggle to break the $5 barrier. On a couple of yelpers recommendations we tried the baked pork with special sauce. Killer, super crispy and the "sauce" is a nice touch too. Is this stuff really baked? Seems more deep fried to me, I don't know how they could bake this stuff to such crunchy perfection. Regardless of how they do it, it's good stuff. We balanced it off with Mixed Vegetables Lo Hon Style, "spicy please". Waitress brings it out and the moment she set it down she says, oh, it's not spicy, I'll bring some hot sauce. At this point I'm kind of bummed, she sets a dish of some kind of chili sauce in a bit (not a lot) of oil. I'm thinking "well this kind of blows", UNTIL I tasted that stuff, complex layers of flavor. Use a little for a touch of heat and lots of flavor, add more for the burn you yearn. All of the sudden, I'm happy! That's right, a happy ending on Industrial Rd. Who would have thought? :-)
5	Great restaurant.  Thought it might be questionable since it was empty at 1:30 on a Saturday, but after I realized it was just a well hidden gem!  The hot & sour soup didn't disappoint.  Just the right amount of heat and flavor.  Waitress was really nice and recommended the orange chicken instead of the sweet and sour chicken we were going to order.  She was right on.  Beef and broccoli was very good.  The broccoli was crispy fresh.  Pork fried rice looked a little greasy, but again, great flavor.  Fed family of 5 for $40+tip.  Can't beat that!
5	This place is AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME.  We are from Montana and get to Vegas once and sometimes twice a year. If we can't fit in Diamonds 2 times we really feel disappointed.  I also don't know what some of the reviewers were looking for. Even though we rarely get there, our waitress always remembers us. No, sometimes they aren't the fastest, but I don't see any advertising for "fast food". For those people that have enough time to nit pick and put a timer on waitress, please don't go back as that isn't the kind of atmosphere I'm looking for.The food never disappoints. Always fresh and hot. We also like alot of the favorites mentioned, especially salty spicy squid. We are going again in 3 weeks for a ZZ Top concert and I'm excited to try some of the mentioned dishes we haven't tried.Vegas has lots of famous chinese places, but this is authentic and great food. I just wish I could read that house special board.
4	Next to the train tracks along Industrial Blvd, in a dumpy little building behind a bar, sits one of the best Chinese restaurants in Vegas: Diamond Chinese.  Almost everyone who finds the restaurant in its uninspired building is dubious that the place could be as good as advertised, but I swear Diamond Chinese doesn't disappoint.I brought a huge group here and ordered 8 or 9 dishes off the menu.  Almost every dish they brought out was a winner.  We started with hot and soup soup and pot stickers.  The hot and sour soup is the best I've ever had.  Most Chinese restaurants focus on the sour flavor in this dish, but that's only half of the recipe.  A good hot and sour is supposed to mix sour and spicy.  The cooks at Diamond Chinese nailed it.  Fresh ingredients and the perfect balance of spice and sour.  The pot stickers (pan-cooked pork dumplings) were classic.  Not remarkable or unique, but everything that a dumpling should be -- seasoned pork and vegetable filing in a lightly crispened dumpling.For main courses, we went with baked pork in chef's sauce and walnut shrimp based on the recommendations of Yelpers.  They were spot on.  The pork was crispy and tender and the chef's sauce was a great blend of sweet and spicy.  And the honey walnut shrimp?  Order it.  I am most definitely not a seafood guy.  Doesn't matter.  The shrimp is fresh and crispy and the sauce is spot-on sweet -- not overly sugary, not too creamy.  Just right.  The orange beef also deserves a huge thumbs up.  Best orange sauce I've ever tasted.  And the beef was crunchy and delicious.  Some of the other dishes were a bit disappointing.  I recommend that you stay away from the kung pao chicken.  It's a classic dish, but Diamond Chinese's version is surprisingly bland.  The chicken was tender and the vegetables fresh, but the sauce was . . . meh.  The lemon chicken was also uninspired, but I generally find all lemon chicken dishes to be dull.The service was a mixed bag.  The waiter was friendly and made some good recommendations, but the kitchen was moving at a snail's pace when we were there for lunch.  Seems odd since so many other reviewers comment on the speed of service.  Bottom line: 5 stars for the greatness of the great dishes minus 1 star for the dishes that fell flat.
5	Total hole in the wall and in weird/sketchy area. This place is one of the most authentic chinese food I've ever had.Hot and sour soup and lemon chicken are a must to get here during a cold winter night. The hot and sour soup is definitely a must prior to getting your main dish. The server will even serve the soup to you rather than you doing it yourself. The lemon chick is not the usual crumby breaded ones you get from other Chinese places. I don't know how to explain how they breaded it, but it ain't crumby.A defo must stop if you're really hungry after a late night drinking.
5	No one makes salted fish fried rice like this place does.Yummy in my tummy open till morning
1	Nasty experience. Walked in around 1:30pm and the cook was wandering around an entirely empty dining room. Wanted to try the hot and sour soup. but you are NOT ALLOWED to order that for the lunch special. Instead, I received the worst version of Egg Drop ever. The soup tasted like a runny egg. The next issue weas the waiter, who spoke about 2% of English and was actually eating his lunch at the same time he was serving mine. He brought out my disgusting shrimp w/mixed vegetables and then went back to eating his meal. I felt like I was disturbing him if I needed something, but it didn't matter because I walked out soon after. The shrimp still had that nasty ring of fat on the outside which the lazy cook faled to remove and my one bite was tasteless and bland. PLace needs an overhaul - Mexican is a much better brand of food to be served hole-in-wall style.
4	my girlfriend and i really enjoy this place. it seems a little shady at first, but once you enter it is very pleasant. the place is usually empty when i go there, so the waitress is ready for our order asap. we always take out. last week we placed our order and walk into the bar that is attach to the Restaurant, and play a 20 dollar bill in the poker machine and what do you know my girl hit a royal flush. right as we cash out our food is brought to us. talk about perfect timing. we had good hot food and fat stacks in our pockets        oh yeah i always get the Mongolian beef, and she get chicken chomien best in town
4	This place is great. Cantonese style chinese food. Really good. I just needed some vegetables in me and something that wasn't a gut bomb. After 4 days in Vegas you can start feeling a little lethargic from all the booze and fat and carbs, that you begin to crave a fresh salad or some simple chicken and vegetables. The wonton soup was EXACTLY what I needed. I walked here easy from Treasure Island. It's kinda funny to find, you have to walk through the bar. It was seriously the coolest things ever. I think it goes something like this:Two hungry tourists walk into a bar looking for Chinese food. The townies, and burnt out regulars hunched over their drinks hardly look at you as you walk around like a dizzy cheerleader "like where do I go for the Chinese food?"Service was fast. Prices were cheap. Ambiance was nil. I would most pleasurably go back.
4	The food here is delish! Especially love the hot n sour soup and the sweet n sour fish. Literally a hole in the wall and would not have gone if it wasnt for yelp. Coming back for sure :)
4	Great Chinese food and good portion size
4	Diner style, great menu, lots of variety.  Helpful waitress.  Food was great!  I nice break and just one block from the Strip!
5	LOVE this place !!! Spinach Galic , Sweet Prok , N combo fried Rice  My favorite Dish......
4	We have heard about this place for YEARS but never went until now. It is true, the food was really good. This is an old hidden Chinese gem in Las Vegas. Nothing fancy about ANY of it but the food makes up for it. Its simple and the taste is good. PROS: * Hong Kong style noodles with beef, chicken and bbq pork. The sauce was perfect and the noodles were crispy and didn't get too mushy from all from the gravy. The baked pork chops were my FAVORITE thing on the menu. I don't know why they call them "baked" they seemed fried and they had this incredible salt and seasoning on them that made them incredible. They come in small pieces and very easy to eat. Lemon Chicken was good. It was a fried chicken breast (breaded) and a HUGE side of lemon sauce. It was really good but I wouldn't order it again. Just because it wasn't mixed. Great pictures of old Las Vegas in the hallway to Sonny's bar. Check them out if your there. CONS: There was only ONE waitress working the entire restaurant so it took a minute for her to get to us. We were fine once the food came out though. The inside of the place could use a "facelift" but the food makes up for it and I kind of liked the feeling of being in a hole in the wall. We will be back for sure.
4	How long has this place been here? Forever? Really? I never noticed it. Why? It's hidden. This little diamond has been hiding behind the Fashion Show Mall and tucked away behind a bar for goodness knows how long! In all my years in Vegas this delicious place has been concealed from my palate! How dare everyone! Now that I have been clued in to this jewel of a place it has easily become my favorite chinese food place! Going to China Town on Spring Mountain is nice. The neighborhood looks nice, the shops are nice. The prices are ok. Sometimes the service and attitude is lacking from staff and servers. I rarely see smiles or any conversation there. It is very dry. This place is not like that. The woman who served us each time we have gone there ( I presume she is an owner or related) is extremely hospitable and friendly. We have been lucky (I think) to have gone on times where it is not very busy. Maybe it is because it is a hidden place? Anyway, we have had plenty of great times here and have converted a few friends into coming here. The food is tasty and the prices are so low! For the amount and quality of food I would easily pay 50% more elsewhere! We got checked up on often every time we were there and always had some to bring home with us. It is not the fanciest of places compared to nicer looking places on Spring Mountain, but the food and service easily blows those places away for me.
4	One of my friends from work introduced me to this random hole in the wall Chinese restaurant behind Fashion Show Mall, and I could not be happier! This is not a place to go to for ambiance. It is essentially attached to a dive bar, which can be accessed via a hallway that connects the two establishments. But it is definitely a diamond in the rough, no pun intended!I highly recommend going with a group so you can try as many dishes as possible. My favorites include the Baked Pork Chops in Chef's Sauce (a must-try!), Spicy Salty Squid, Orange Beef, Singapore Noodles, and Pork Fried Rice. I have only tried their family-style dishes and cannot speak to their lunch specials, but I'm sure they are delicious as well.Diamond Chinese does not have many frills, but what it lacks in ambiance it more than makes up for with delicious food, huge portions and very low prices. Once you find it, you'll visit again, I assure you!
4	This place was tough to find even with GPS.  We ordered a beef and cilantro soup, oyster and bean curd clay pot, beef clay pot, a seasonal vegetable dish and the beef with bitter mellon.  The fantastic flavors were truly unexpected.  Being from the San Francisco Bay Area, I'm no stranger to excellent Chinese food.  Since it was off the strip, the prices were reasonable. I would definitely eat here again.
1	Worst Chinese food I've had since I left North Dakota.Okay, I was going to build up to a grand conclusion, writing this beautiful prose and sharing my final analysis of Diamond Chinese Restaurant in an eloquently laced sentence filled with spirit and poetry. I had even written almost a full page of lead-up to this grand conclusion, when I suddenly realized that most people will never make it past my first paragraph (much less the sixth or seventh, I can't remember how many I had written) and therefore would never truly know how I feel. Anyway, that is why I made my feelings known up front.We ordered the Pepper Beef and Kung Pao Spicy Chicken. Of course we assumed that by adding "Spicy" to the Kung Pao Chicken, they were trying to let us know that this dish must be really spicy, seeing that Kung Pao Chicken is already spicy. Both dishes were devoid of any flavor, let me repeat, Devoid Of Any Flavor what-so-ever. And this may come as a shock to you, but the Kung Pao "Spicy" Chicken was not the least bit spicy, not even close. Only after depleting the container of Hot Pepper Oil was the chicken even remotely spicy, but it came at a terrible price - the Hot Pepper Oil added a strange flavor to the chicken dish and actually made it slightly putrid.So now here's what worries me, how could so many people be this terribly wrong about a place? What happened? Unless someone can explain why this food was so bad, I may not give this place a second chance.
5	The best Chinese restaurant in LV.  Come here every time I come to LV for the past 15 years.  Even back when they were in their old location on Spring Mountain.Like everyone said, their Chef Special Baked Pork Chop is second to none.  Can't even find anyone as good as them even among the So Cal Chinese restaurants.The lady waitress is the best.  Excellent service.  Made sure water are filled all the time without asking.Hope the chef doesn't retire soon.  Cause we want to come here as long as we can.
3	Excellent beef with Broccoli!  Will be back
5	You can take off one star for lack of ambiance, but then add a star for a dinner of 10 with a final bill of $107, including tax. This is an old Vegas stand by. Really delicious potstickers, pan fried and little crisp and soft and the same time. I love anything in their Black Bean sauce. Good fried rice, and Kung Pao isn't too spicy, just right. My favorite thing is their Beef Chow Fun. I love this dish with little hot pepper slices and wide noodles. Off the beaten path, but not far for tourists. Also, they pour a good drink next door in Sonny's!
1	Rude as fuck! My fiance called about ordering and we asked when they closed because we didn't want to be assholes and order 10 min before they closed.ANYWAY, she told us at 11 and he said oh, you close in a half hour?Her reply? "Yup, thank you. Bye"Um excuse me? What the fuck is that? Is that really how you run your business? Rude Asians with no manners and apparently no business knowledge.
4	Great Chinese food and good value for lunch specials. Can say all the dishes I ate were delicious but the dinner portions are a little skimpy, lunch is a better value. Tried the sweet walnut shrimp, curry beef stew, mixed seafood, hot n sour soup, and the beef hot pot. All yummy.
4	This is a hole in the wall spot but the food is very good..I'd compare it to Jasmine from Bellagio but minus the fancy setting..this place is a gem.  They still display their#1 Chinese ranking from 1993,but the food is still good.
5	OG Chinese in Vegas!!! Love their Pork Chop with Chef sauce.
4	This is a hole in the wall spot but the food is very good..I'd compare it to Jasmine from Bellagio but minus the fancy setting..this place is a gem.  They still display their#1 Chinese ranking from 1993,but the food is still good.
2	I was a huge fan of this place the first time we came by last year and was very excited to have found a deelish whole in the wall.  Since that first visit though they have managed to dissapoint me. The service is fairly quick but their food quality  has gone way done. The first time I had their green beans they were savory, tender and sweet. Now they are bland at best and maybe even a little on the raw side. Their sweet and sour chicken is literally mush. Do not recommed..
4	This is my go to Chinese food place when I'm in Las Vegas, and since my boyfriend lives here that is quite frequently.  My boyfriend told me before coming here that it's a hole in the wall but he wasn't kidding.  Building is not visible from the street, the front says Sonny's Saloon and Diamond Chinese is located on the left back side of sonny's saloon.Positive:You can order alcohol from Sonny Saloon 24/7Quick delicious Chinese food made from a real Chinese man in the backNice friendly service... 2 different nice Chinese ladies very sweet and attentive.Mapa tofu is good.beef with black bean curd sounds gross but is deliciousgarlic chicken yum Negatives:SODA is out of a 2 liter!!!! I seen it! oh HAIL no!!! I'm a soda enthusiast and that is not coolChicken is kind of suspect... even though I always order it I'm always curious of where the chicken came from.  lolSometimes when the chef is different you don't know if it may be salty or the usual awesomness.  Remember this is a hole in the wall... but its good food.I haven't tried many other places but thanks to good old trusty yelp, I just bookmarked up a storm.   I'll try those out soon and update for comparison.
5	Excellent place!! We love their Hong Kong style beef noodles and orange chicken we've been coming here for many years and recipes are still the same,  their prices are reasonable specially since they are so close to the strip and just behind the fashion show mall
3	Love the place food, but  slow service, waited 20 min to take our order, place need remodeling , I come here once a awhile and service is never this slow , new server today ..over all food was good..
2	Just ok at best no way all the rave reviews are people who have eaten there. Definitely a dive but not the amazing food kind of dive. The reviewers are from 1993.  Nice lady and nice service but prices for very mediocre food did not impress
5	It's sooooo good! Hot and sour soup, beef and oyster sauce, fried noodle. Sooooooo good! The customer service is sooo awesome and price are reasonable! The restaurant located next to saloon and the entrance looks super shady but inside is clean and nice! The best Chinese restaurant I found in Vegas!!! U need to try this place!
4	We love coming here for their Baked Pork Chop and Spicy Salt. We also usually get one of the fried rice dishes with our meal. The only knock on the place is the location. Never had a bad experience and we always look forward to coming here to eat.
5	I don't go to Chinatown or Spring Mountain for Chinese Food here in Las Vegas. I only go to Diamond Chinese in Industrial. It's been there for years. It was good then, and it's still good now. It's a little hole in the wall, but isn't that always the best ones?....
5	Difficult to find but this 'hole in the wall' restaurant serves some terrific dishes esp soups (bird nest soup, hot & sour), seasonal crab & lobster dishes, and 88 menu items all much cheaper and tastier than at high priced casinos. Quite a history here too!
2	Not my kind of Chinese food, all dishes over sauced.  Won ton soup broth thin on flavor.
5	Just realized we were coming here since Janae was born 15 years ago. That's a lot of Chinese food....lol
2	this place was god awful, had sweet n sour chicken, and it was just WAY to sweet, the fried rice taste store bought, my brother had chicken curry which smelt exactly like chicken top ramen, my mom had chow fun that was LOADED with gravy, back east no one puts gravy on the noodle dishes and if they do its very light.  giving a 2 because the waitress was very nice but this place sucked, panda express will take my money before them.
