5	A real bright gem for Japanese ex pats and likes in the heart of Chinatown.  Having moved here from Japan so many years ago, I yearn for a real Japanese food even more every year.  This joint filled that void in me.  A real ramen joint in Montreal?   It can't be true! (oh yes, it's true!)Menu included 7 or 8 kinds of ramen which you can choose soup base from miso or soy sauce.  Gyudon (beef bowl), Unadon (eel bowl), Curry rice, etc, all the right menus at right price points.  I was a bit skeptical of its authenticity at first, given the Chinatown location, but I was proven dead wrong.  I had a Kazan ramen and gyoza. Mmm. gyoza!   Gyoza is wonderful, every living men in Japan loves them, and it can put people ecstatic state if they taste good.  Sumo restaurant hit homerun for me.First off, where else in Montreal, can you find a handmade gyoza that are grilled in a right way with pari-pari (thin sheet of gyoza skin) on top?  Knowing how much easier to serve you a frozen gyoza for a restaurant, these guys are serious about the gyozas and it shows in the flavor.The ramen was wonderful - having had ramen in other resto on St. Laurent in upper Main, sorry but there is no comparison.  As a ramen junky, I loved the selection of ramens and I think it's so cool to have a real Chinese addition to the menu.  You can choose to add selective toppings much like the restos in Japan.  The soup tasted great and I definitely think that it was adapted well for customer base in Montreal, not to say that it was bad, but to assure that this restaurant is serious about staying in business as well.Yes, I am totally impressed with the food and I am thrilled even more that there is a restaurant who cares and respect a very popular type of Japanese food, most appreciated by ordinary people.  One of the staff there told me as I was paying after the meal, the chef was a Chinese but spent 7-8 years in Tokyo food business.  Makes a complete sense and I want to applaud him for having the gut and resource to pull this off.  Having this restaurant in Montreal definitely makes my homesick a lot easier to deal with.So if you are a Japanese ex pat, you should definitely go there and enjoy the gyoza and the ramen.  if you want to experience a definitely most popular type of food in Japan, you should go there too.  Nothing can bring down my happiness about this restaurant, but because I was so impressed with this restaurant, I would like to offer a few points of my wish list to make this joint a KING of ramen in North America:- soy sauce, vinegar and hot oil at every table for customers who would like to make their own gyoza dipping sauce.- porc on top of the ramen could be lot more fattier and it would be perfect if it can be lightly blackened on the surface like in Tokyo- I would love to see a ramen with gyofun (ground dried fish) or katsuobushi (bonito frake), which is becoming sooo popular in Japan- Tsukemen (noodle served in a separate bowl and a dipping sauce) would be also awesome- Use of Korean bread crumb (larger frakes), not western bred crumb (almost like corn meal)  for fried shrimp and scallop would make it even more authentic
4	Nice little spot on St Laurent right in Chinatown. This isn't the greatest bowl of noodles I've ever had, but I'll give it 4 stars because this place has its heart in the right place. Doesn't look like much from the street, but when you climb the stairs you find a clean, modern, cozy little ramen-ya. The noodles are fine, if not terribly exciting. Tasty soy-based broth and good selection of toppings. If I lived in Montreal, I'd stop by every now and then for a quick bite.
2	I instantly regretted not going to one of the many Chinese noodle places on the same street when I got my bowl of "Sumo Ramen."  The flavor was bland, the bowl was small, and the meat was 1/2 fat.  The appetizers were mediocre and small and whereas I could get a fantastic meal elsewhere for $20, i was left still hungry and yearning for flavor.  Thankfully I stuffed myself with egg tarts later in the evening and felt better!  The atmosphere was nice though and 'trendy'.  The patrons were all young people - probably people who like myself didn't know any better and were drawn to the cutsy name, cartoon logo, and trendiness.
5	Solid! This will be my ramen place in montreal. Had the negi shoyu, Portion was just right. The default 2 chashu slices were thick and juicy, the way chashu should be. I finished the broth... I know, not a healthy thing to do, but it was so f@#*ing good, I couldn't stop.
3	I expected something a bit better from Sumo Ramen. We had gyoza (kinda tasteless) and 2 ramen bowls (pretty ok but we've had better in Montreal, at Ramen Ya specifically. There's few vegetarian options which was also surprising given the nature of the food, usually I have more than 1-2 choices.Overall, decent place. Nothing really negative to say about it, there's just better options for this type of food.
1	After spending a week in Montreal, my husband and I decided to give Sumo Ramen a whirl. We started off with the gyoza appetizer - it wasn't bad but not great. I ordered the kimchi ramen and it was the most tasteless ramen I have ever had (and I have eaten lots of ramen in my life). The broth - the most important part of ramen - was like water (not enough taste to even call it bland). The kimchi was meh, the noodles weren't cooked all the way, and the bowl wasn't piping hot when served. The best part of this tasteless dish was the two strips of pork belly. My husband ordered the curry rice with shrimp that came with a salad and miso soup. The miso soup was also tasteless and inedible. The curry was extremely watery with no chunks of veggies or potatoes. But the curry dish was still better than my kimchi ramen. I really wanted Sumo Ramen to be delicious but it was horribly bad.
5	Sumo Ramen is some damn fine buttery ramen and izakaya with a convenient location to boot. Seriously, I could have eaten here at least three more times during my one week stay this year in Montreal.  Every morning, I would wake up craving Sumo's delicate creamy broth.  Drinking it up with the large ladle they provide makes the entire experience even more amuzing.  Upgrade to the shio ramen and you will thank me later.  Me personally, in the future I am saying yes to corn and no to bean sprouts.  I believe the owners are from Hong Kong, however this is some mighty fine Japanese style ramen!  The izakaya dishes are also praise worthy, rivaling even some of the most popular Manhattan 8th Street establishments in my book.  The Takoyaki was absoulutely perfect in every way, even the inside was cooked to perfection.They also even serve bubble tea of the milky variety.  I don't think that they will make it into a smoothy for you, so don't even bother with that one.  We arrived so early that the boba was not even ready yet, so I went with a large frothy taro sans boba.
1	after reading the reviews on yelp, my boyfriend and i decided to give this place a try, especially since we are on a mission to try ramen in every city we visit.we were really excited, as when we were in NYC, we had really good ramen. listening to the reviews we started off with the gyoza appetizer - which was not as good as everyone says it is. It was pan fried with the thin layer of skin, but there was an aftertaste of soap water. Which I should have known, since the glass of water they served us was disgusting!We had ordered the jumbo sumo ramen - beware, it is a very big bowl of noodles, which we did not expect.The sumo ramen came with a half boil egg, seaweed, pork belly, and other veggies. The noodles and pork belly was good. Soup was tasteless.Definitely would not go back again.
5	Excellent food and a great Monday night crowd. Traveling to Japan on multiple occasions, I can attest this is the most authentic Ramen in Eastern Canada. A wide selection of seafood, chicken and beef with various noodle choices. I chose a miso based soup with Udon noodles and chicken. We started with a few appetizers to start and some authentic Japanese beer which made for a great opening. We were fortunate enough to have the owner Anthony visit our table to inquire about our meal. My girlfriend found him very polite and attractive, before his sister stopped by and she was even prettier piece! Good food, atmosphere and owners. Keep up the good work!
3	This isn't the Ramen I lived on in University. Sumo Ramen is one of my favorite lunch and late evening places. When I worked in the old port I would wonder over at least once every couple of weeks for a cheap, fast and easy lunch.Sumo Ramen has an extensive menu with something for every palette, from the veggie Gyoza's to the multiple meat and broth choices and the bubble tea who can forget the bubble tea, my favorite! Now keep in mind this is not fancy Japanese cuisine, it's good lunchtime or quick evening fare. If you're looking for higher end Japanese food give http://www.yelp.ca/biz/imadake-pub-japonais-montreal or even http://www.yelp.ca/biz/kazu-montreal, I promise you won't be disappointed. But for a quick lunch Sumo Ramen won't disappoint.The service here is like it is at most places in Chinatown quick and efficient but don't expect allot of conversation. My only complaint and the reason why I only gave them three stars is that once you've place your order it sometimes very difficult to get  someones attention if you want something else. Other then that the service is adequate, specially considering what your lunch will cost. Give this place a try if your in the neighborhood and need a place to stop for lunch give Sumo Ramen a try it's worth a try.
4	The best Ramen in Montreal ! We went here on a cold weekday night.It was fun going up the steps to the second floor to find a very nicely decorated resto with characters of Sumo wrestlers all over the walls.  The Gyoza (Japanese Ravioli) was a standout- off the chain good ! The grilled calamari very nicely done and served with mayonaise, I've not seen this before. The Ramen soup bowl was tasty and especially filling with accompanying fried chicken. I like to give this more stars, but, my standard is the legendary Katana-ya in San Francisco, where I slurped my way through the best bowl of Ramen outside of Japan. Sumo was quite the bargain about $22 per person including sake. If your in Chinatown this is an enthusiastic GO.!!
4	My girlfriend and I stopped by here during our vacation because she was craving ramen. We nearly missed the place even though there is a big sign hanging on the building. If you are going to come here, it's really easy to miss as the restaurant is upstairs. (If you want to skip this long review and want just an overall rating, go to the end)When we walked upstairs, we were promptly greeted by a waitress and seated. I ordered the Seafood Ramen and a Mango Juice. My girlfriend ordered the Shrimp Ramen and Peach Juice (Both of us got the pepper soup). I was pretty skeptical about the drinks due to the fact that the boba drinks I got from Montreal Chinatown sucks  (Yes, the bubble tea in Montreal pretty much sucks because it's all powder instead of fresh fruits). But, let me tell you, the drinks were very refreshing and it tasted great! The mango drink, even though it doesn't really taste like real mangoes was awesome and the peach drink actually tasted like peaches.As for the ramen, I didn't have any doubts about how it was going to taste, and I am glad I didn't because it is some of the best ramen I have had! We are from Boston and there is a couple of shops that serves ramen, but Sumo Ramen has to take the cake. The noodles has a great elasticity, the soup wasn't too thick, tasted great and all the ingredients complemented each other. One thing I can complain about is that the seafood was too bland. The scallops were cooked perfectly, but they could have sauteed it and added a bit more flavors, same for the shrimp. My girlfriend didn't have any complaints either and she finished her whole bowl...even though I think she usually does.So, if you're craving for some ramen or just want to try it, Sumo Ramen is definitely the go-to place for that. I guarantee that you won't be dissapointed. You should definitely try some of the fruit juices that they have, although I'm not sure about their bubble tea drinks, it seems like they use powder as well. My girlfriend says it was okay and it's not SO good that you want it everyday, BUT, I say she's wrong and I wouldn't mind having it everyday! Hope she doesn't read this...
4	Ok so this place was bookmarked as a to try, and now I have give you the scoop, was it good? was it worth seeking out? ya know answers. Located on the second floor  at 1007 (James Bond anyone), on St Laurent we walked, in on that same sunny day, (see other review) and found ourselves in a almost full place with very content looking patrons.  We started out ordering what we assumed was some of their best sellers, (we based our decision on product placement on the menu, not scientific I know but you kinda get a feel for it by where and how often a dish is displayed.So Japonese raviolis, and fried chicken.   The fried chicken bits, were really good, the portion was much more filling then expected so beware or like us you may fill up on these.  The raviolis were very good too if,   A you like raviloli/ dumpling (which is not my case), or B if you like cabbage (which was not the case of my dining partner), so you can see how we may have misordered...Then come the mains, if having a Ramen you choose your soupe base (Pepper, Miso, Soya), I went for the miso with the Ramen Volcano and my dining partner went for the seafood with :Pepper base.  You can also choose the noodle and we chose Udan.  Mine was superb, it was hot (you can see the  pepperflakes on the surface), but still really savory, and really brimming with pork, corn ,mushroom,half a egg,lots of noodles, and some greens.  I ended up taking half home and managed to make two more small meals out it, it is huge and filling.The other one with the seafood was very tasty as well, but had a more creamy, fresh taste, which actually reminded me a little of the flavor one will get when eating a soup with coconut milk in it, making the dish quite the oppsite of mine.We ordered some cold Saki, were very well taken care of by the friendly and efficient wait staff, while we chatted away.  We ended up paying about 45 dollars each, (including tax and generous tip), which was quite reasonable given that almost half the bill was for the bottle of Sake,  I am happily adding this to the must tell people to try list, so enjoy.
3	Sumo Ramen is a decent ramen shop/izakaya located in Chinatown. I had the Sumo Miso Ramen and the portions was average, not too filling but it won't let you walk away feeling hungry. The pork was nice and fatty but lacked any real seasoning to it, so it tasted a bit bland. The broth was not too rich, so if you like your ramen broth heavy, this is not the place. Ingredients were limited however in what was an otherwise, decent bowl of ramen.
2	This was definitely a 'Meh' experience. The fast food of ramen- not terrible, but definitely not good.The menu does offer a lot to pick from if you're looking to snack, but I wouldn't bother with the ramen at all.
4	Delicious broth and gyoza,  generous portions and cheap prices.   What more could you want from a ramen restaurant?
5	Yummy plates at great prices! Their also no cheap on portions ;)
5	Having had a lot of ramen in New York, I wanted to check out ramen in Canada. This specific ramen place has a great environment. It is located on the second floor, so the poster on the first floor door confused me...I had ramen for lunch and it's pretty much what I expect at a ramen joint. If you've been to ramen places, this is just like all the other ramen places. Some Japanese decor, big bowl of ramen and extras if you want. One thing I noticed is that the noodles in this ramen place is straight. I'm used to curly ramen noodles in New York. Still, it satisfies my taste-buds.
2	I want to really love this place. First because I have an emotional tie to it and lastly because I want to see young people make a go of it.  We come yearly for the F1 and spend a week to enjoy all that Montreal has to offer. I've been coming to China Town since 1997 first for my love of Dim Sum and second for the clothing and shoes which I find eclectic to the western ways and for the inexpensive cost of it all (this not so much anymore in costs but I digress).  On one of my trips to a small, no tiny clothing/shoe shop That i frequented yearly, i was asked by the owner to walk with him to his new shop. It did seem like we were being taken astray but with my husband by my side I gave it a shot. We left the pedway streets and moved to st-Laurent street and I was pleasantly surprised by the great shop he had there and have been coming back every year since.  Now you might ask how this relates...well while in the store one day/year I was asked to please try their new restaurant just next door and up the stairs.  I took their card and we came back that weekend. We really did like it and try to go every year. Out of habit we were there again this year and it was not great; just good but barely.  Granted I keep ordering chicken wings as an appetizer if I see it. It should not matter that it's not their speciality; if they have it on the menu then it should be good.  i had to ask where the wings were since my husband's Goyza came and some  minutes later nothing for me.  They said they were making sure it was cooked thru. Cool but.... His main meal came and a few minutes later my wings.  Ok they were not good. They were so heavily battered and obviously the oil was not clean.  Before I finished one wing my main meal came.  Ok not good. I asked for them to be put in a takeout container and they were very obliging even including the sauce (nice).  Then the mains. He had the volcano ramen which was not too bad and I tried it and agreed; a bit blnd for volcano but not bad. Then mine; the midi ramen soup.  So very very bland. I left more than half behind. I'm sad to say that this is not the place I remember and I hope that this was a one off and that they return to what they first were about.
2	Just another typical "Japanese restaurant" opened by Chinese people. The food just doesn't... make any sense.In what kind of Ramen restaurant do you see bubble tea on the menu?Alright, let's get started:1. The ramen doesn't make any sense whatsoever. You got Chinese handmade noodles (which, by the way, was extremely f***ing delicious) instead of the Japanese ramen. Why not make the place a Chinese noodle shop then? You got such PERFECT noodles and you're ruining it with... the soup base, which I'm going to rant next.2. The soup tasted absolutely horrible. I tasted at least a good 10 grams of MSG in it, and only a very small scoop of miso mixed with soy sauce and hot water. The "chef" should be ashamed of himself for ruining good handmade noodles like this.3. Their "juice" on the menu were basically cold water + some sort of power mix used in bubble tea. Extremely sweet and had an artificial aftertaste. Nonetheless, I was given no choice to chug it down since their water had a disgusting tap water taste.4. Ordered the Takoyaki, tasted pretty good, however I was disappointed by the amount of octopus per dumpling balls, contemptible.5. I will never return, and I would suggest you ramen fans to try out Imadake or Kazu. For an extra 4$, you won't be disappointed.
2	When I first started my journey to find the best ramen, sumo ramen was the best place. However, after going to Japan and discovering so many other ramen places, going there again made me very disappointed. We even had a deal with our club, but they are so greedy that they wont allow any discount unless we come in very large group. Their ramen is oversalted instead of having that deep, rich flavour that all Japanese ramen have.
2	I'm a little disappointed: last time I went there, their menu was missing some interesting food I use to eat there. Their Won Ton soup was good, but nothing to go crazy for.
4	I'm always on the hunt for delicious Japanese foodz, whether it's in my home cities - Boston and Montreal or when I'm on a day trip to New York City, or touring through the  West Coast; though I'm quite satisfied with my sushi and yakitori finds, I always felt a lack of great ramen-ness in my Japanese food experience. Though I cannot comment on its authenticity, since I don't consider myself a ramen expert. A bowl of sizzling hot and spicy volcano ramen at Sumo is delicious and satisfying. The menu is comprised picking your choice of noodle, soup and then 'toppings'. I took the volcano soup (spiciest on the menu, naturally) with ground pork, topped with scallions and seaweed, and being Chinese, I committed the sin of taking Chinese noodles in ramen. I love the flavor of the broth, intense but not overly rich and the perfect spiciness is numbing and warms the heart (perfect for a winter day in Montreal). The noodles are delicious, perfect texture and consistency. I quickly gobbled down the whole (giant) bowl of noodles.I thought the ramen prices were reasonable, but other appetizers (i.e. yakitori) seems rather expensive for the portions. Overall, it was a yummy experience for me and I'll be back for more.
4	I often run-into here for a quick ramen fix when I'm in the area walking around in the cold. Service is fast and attentive. I've tried two different types of ramen and both weekend delish. Everything else on the menu looks really good too but the ramen portions are big so i never got the chance to try anything else on the menu.
4	Sumo Ramen was a pretty good experience- I had never been to a place that sold solely ramen until I went there.The server was very nice and friendly. He made suggestions for appetizers. We decided on octopus balls. I've never had those either until then. They were pretty good!The ramen is also very good. It was a bit blend for me but they do have sauces on the table for extra taste to it.
4	Why people find this place bad? I rather like it. The price isn't pho cheap but it's worth what it is. It's one of my fav place in china town and it's very clean. Service is good enough.
2	Not real Japanese ramen noodles. I also had the grilled squid which was OK and the gyoza. I would go elseware for ramen!
2	The noodles were not Japanese.The broth did not have authentic Japanese flovor.I got overcharged and the cashier did not give a receipt.
3	Food were fine but it took them a little too long for the food... Maybe they were busy...By the way, hot tea is not free.
3	Sumo Ramen. Should have went with ramen? Since my friends were trying the ramen, I went with the beef curry.  Big disappointment. It did not taste like Japanese curry I've had elsewhere. It was just yellow gravy with a tad of spiciness.  The slices of beef did not help either. It didn't look like the picture on the menu.The ramen noodles do not look like authentic ramen, more like Chinese noodles.We also had the okonomiyaki.  There was no description, but it taste like takoyaki in pancake form, a little bit of octopus.They also offered bubble tea.  I don't think that's Japanese.  As some other yelpers have mentioned, this is probably a Chinese-own establishment.The service was a little slow. It took a while for the waitress to take our orders.
3	Broth is decent (for Montreal). Noodles are OK (for Montreal). However, there is no edible ramen place within 2 km so this will do.
4	Awesome ramen soups! Cheap, nothing too fancy but really tasty! The raviolis are ok but nothing to die for. Udon noodles and pepper broth are really good. Its a really nice spot for lunch or quick dinner. Cheap and spicy!!Love.
