3	First impression is it must be family friendly because there were a lot of kids when I walked in.  I showed up on time to find they are running 20 minutes behind although I wasn't told I over heard this between two employees speaking.  Waiting area is comfortable but I rather them be on time then knowing what the waiting area is like. I was hard up for an eye exam so I didn't really have a choice the hours here are great!  Very accommodating for people that don't have doctor hours.The doctor was very nice and friendly, i was able to get in and out of the actual meeting with the doctor in about 10 minutes.  Frame Selection:  They really don't have staff people there that can help you decide they are all very busy assisting the appointments.  The have a good selection of framed at a medium price point and budget friendly.  I am a designer frame I must admit and although they had a small selection is was a good selection, Fendi, Coach, Versace, Escada, Oakley - They have an amazing selection of Ray Bans!!!  I sprung for a pair of prescription Ray Bans.I am going back for my 7 day checkup for the new contacts and pick up my frames.  Will check back in.
2	The two stars are for the young lady that helped us purchase the glasses. The doctor barely said 5 words to me, didn't go over his findings of my sons exam and just seemed all around kind of creepy. We won't be returning.
1	This place has gone down hill.  I have been here over the past few years and until today have had decent experiences.  I showed up to my appointment 10 minutes early and was required to fill out paperwork (is there a reason they don't keep a file for me?) but again, I was early so whatever.  I was done in 5 minutes but had to sit and listen to front desk staff discussing personal issues (babysitters' schedule, going to lunch, making fun of a poor lady who called for directions to the office two times, etc) until finally heading to the back around 9:20.  While waiting I couldn't help to notice that the place is dirty - trash on the floor,etc.I go to the first round of tests and Megan (I think that was her name) the tech was awesome.  Except when she had me remove my contacts in their bathroom --- to spare you I will just say that it was more of a mess than the waiting room.The dr exam was also pleasant and quick.  My current contacts were discontinued so she recommended a new brand and even gave me a sample set to wear home with my new prescription.I went upfront to pay and was expecting my $20 co-pay as in years' past.  They charge me $60.  So of course I asked why and it was explained to me that this year they had given me a contact exam so that's why the additional charge.  What the?!  I've worn/renewed contacts for 4 years and have always gotten my exam from them.  In my opinion nothing has changed but I had no choice but to pay, obviously.  I called my insurance immediately to see if there was something that had changed with the plan and the agent said no and then asked if I order contacts through Nationwide or elsewhere.  I always do my exam at Nationwide where my exam is covered by medical insurance and order contacts/glasses at another place where my actual vision insurance is accepted.  Here's the kicker-- because there was no change, the insurance agent thinks Nationwide is charging more because I mentioned I wouldn't order though them.  Looking back, I'm not sure I was so honest in past years.  This makes me sick because I know I've been "had".I should've run away from how dirty the place was anyhow because now I keep thinking about whether or not they sanitize anything that touched my face... *shudder*On the up-side, this place is next to Wildflower for a good muffin & good cup of coffee.
1	Worst place ever! First time I came here for my contact lens fitting appointment I had to wait 1 hr + and that was with an appointment. No apologies from the staff for the long wait either. Second time I went to finalize my prescription I told the doctor about how the contacts didn't feel right, I couldn't see very clearly. I've been wearing contacts for years. Discovered that on top of all the waiting the doctor and staff are incompetent because they incorrectly ordered my contacts for me and changed my -2.75 prescription to a +2.75.  Do not go here! They suck! This is for the location at 4280 E Indian School.
4	First time there I arrived 7min early for paperwork. After waiting 40 min without any word from the staff (and they had several staff members talking at the front desk) I asked how behind the Dr. was. They said she isn't (?) It was 50 min after my designated appt time and they informed me the Dr. isn't running behind. This was a sign.  Finally the technician performed my eye tests. She was very quick and talked to her computer that I had to stop her several times to have her talk TO me. Dr. was very helpful. Ordered contacts and after 10 days I called. Oh, they are back ordered and no one called to inform me. Someone will call back. No one did and I called back 3 different days to find out what was going on. As of today they will be in a couple days and they will call. I hope so.I work at another medical office and this practice needs a professional make over to learn how to value their clients so they will return.OK...I am pleased to say that I was contacted by the Marketing Director. So they care! I received my contacts when promised and they worked me into the schedule to learn how to use them at my convenience. Very helpful. The manager came to talk to me to correct the problems. I am happy to say that I will be returning................
5	My friend and I both went at the same time to the Optique Center at Tatum and Shea in Phoenix.  The store was very clean and well stocked.  (I must have tried on 100 pairs and didn't even touch 1/2 of them).The technician was extremely friendly and thorough, as well as the doctor, and we did not wait long.  The staff was extremely solicitous, I would rarely rate a store five stars, and don't know all of them, but have been to three of their stores so far.  (I have several children).  It is good to have your paperwork done in advance.  Good job Nationwide!  Holly
1	The Worst Customer Service Experience in a long time.  Long wait times while giving off lots of attitude while you wait.  Amazed at the consistency of the poor attitude of every single employee in the place.  Do yourself a favor and stay away!
1	I purchased glasses on 5-3-13.  I am still waiting to receive the glasses that I paid for.  I paid on 5-3-13 and then waited.  After waiting two weeks I called to see when my glasses would be ready and was put on hold.  I was on hold forever when I was finally told that the factory had made an error with my prescription and that they had to be sent back.  I was told that they would rush the service and call me as soon as the glasses were ready.  I waited a week and called to see when the glasses would be ready and was told they just arrived.  I went in and picked them up.  I wore the glasses for two days when a friend informed me that the glasses were not darkening in the sun.  He showed me how the lenses did not change at all in the direct sun light.  I took the glasses back and the representative tried to convince me that the lenses were exactly what I had ordered.  When I asked her to step outside in the sunlight and show me she suddenly decided that maybe all I had was the anti-glare and the lenses were not correct.  She said she would correct the glasses and would do a rush service on the glasses. One week later I was called and told the glasses were ready.  When I went in to pick them up on my lunch I was so disappointed.  They were now trying to give me plain old glasses with the line across the lenses.  I did not want to try them on but the representative insisted.  I told her I was not blind that I could clearly see the line on the lenses so they could not be my glasses.  She insisted that I needed to try them on.  I told her that I want a refund and NO I am not trying the glasses on.  She said she would go get a manager.  I sat there for 15 minutes waiting.  I then met with Diana the Manager.  I was clear that I wanted a refund that I was patient and they had three chances to do my glasses and they could not get the job done.  I am going on vacation next week and I am going on vacation with my glasses and you have not been capable up to this point.  Diana then stated that she would  personally take care of my glasses and that they would be correct and that I would have them in time for my vacation.  She said she would give me a discount for the inconvenience I had been experiencing.  She looked me in the eye and gave me her word.  I looked her back in the eye and said if you do not get it right I will contact her corporate office and then I would find every review place I can to share my experience.  I picked the glasses up today.  I met with Diana and asked if she had checked them and is everything I paid for there and she said yes.  She put my lenses in the glasses and I tried them on.  The glasses seemed to be ok.  Things looked a little fuzzy and the ground appeared to be moving.  I was told there is an adjustment time and that it would clear up soon.  We went outside and I tried them on and they seemed to be more shaded than my old pair of glasses.  We went in and she did some more adjustments to the glasses and cleaned them.  I again asked her if all the features I paid for are on the glasses and she said yes.  She went outside again with the glasses while I was waiting and she checked them in the sun.  Diana said yes everything is on the glasses that you ordered.  I was running late on my lunch hour and was feeling rushed to get back to the office.  Diana refunded $39.99 on the glasses for the inconvenience I experienced.  When I got home tonight and stood out in the sun for five minutes, nothing happened.  The lenses do not darken at all.  The lenses do appear to have a thick anti-glare coating.  There definitely is no change to the lenses when standing in direct sunlight.  I will return tomorrow morning and get my refund.  I am concerned that they will make the refund difficult, but if a refund is not given then I would have to call their actions fraudulent. I had insurance that paid a portion of the bill.  The insurance company has also been charged for an item not received. If necessary I will be calling the fraud department at United Health Care. I have been deceived and feel like a foolish woman.  I am foolish to the tune of $ 793.90.  I will follow up this post with the results of my visit tomorrow where I intend to get a refund.5-5-2013 Went back this morning to return the glasses.  The representative put them under a special lite they had and presto the glasses got dark. We then went outside and the glasses were definitely darker.  I really felt like something was wrong because I had the glasses outside at home for an hour in and out of the sunlight and they never got dark like they did at the store. The glasses are still fuzzy when I try to read small print.  I am going to bring them to my eye doctor to have them checked to see if they have been made to the prescription that I was given. I also double checked my paperwork and noticed a $135.00 copay I was charged.  My benefits show that I have a $25.00 copay. I will be calling United Health Care Monday to verify my benefits.
1	I purchased $ 793.00 glasses on 5-3-13.  I am on the fourth set of glasses which translates into 6 trips to Nationwide Vision Center.  Six trips for one item!  How many chances do you give a professional business to deliver on one $ 800.00 item?  Ok, maybe I assumed they were a professional business.  I have a simple bifocal subscription.  When I ordered I asked for glasses without the lines on the lenses.  I also asked for glasses that worked like sunglasses outside and regular glasses indoors.  I was given a bill and I paid my portion and was told I would be called when the glasses were ready.  I called two weeks after ordering my glasses and was told the factory made an error and the glasses were sent back to the factory.  A week later I called and the glasses were ready.  When I put the glasses on everything felt a little wobbly but I was told there is an adjustment period. I was not wearing the glasses for driving so it was a couple of days before I noticed there was not a sunglass effect standing in the sun.  Disappointed I took the glasses back.  The representative tried to convince me that the lenses were exactly what I had ordered.  When I asked her to step outside in the sunlight and show me she suddenly decided that maybe all I had was the anti-glare and the lenses were not correct.  She said she would correct the glasses and call me when they were ready. One week later I was called and told the glasses were ready.  When I went in to pick them up on my lunch hour I was once again let down.  They were now trying to give me plain old glasses with the line across the lenses.  I did not want to try them on but the representative insisted.  I told her I could clearly see the line on the lenses so they could not be my glasses.  She insisted that I needed to try them on.  I told her that I want a refund and NO I am not trying the glasses on.  She said she would get her manager.  I sat there for 15 minutes waiting.  I then met with Diana the Manager.  I clearly stated that I wanted a refund.  I was patient and they had three chances to correctly produce my glasses and they could not get the job done. Diana then stated that she would personally take care of my glasses and that they would be correct.  She said she would give me a discount for the inconvenience I had been experiencing.  She looked me in the eye and gave me her word.  I looked her in the eye and replied that I was a letter writer.  If the glasses were not correct I would contact Nationwide Vision Center corporate headquarters, Facebook and any forum available to express my dissatisfaction with Nationwide Vision Center product and service.  I picked up the glasses on 6-14-13.  I met with Diana and asked if she had checked the glasses and she said yes.  She put my lenses in the glasses and I tried them on.  The glasses seemed to be ok.  Things looked a little fuzzy and the ground appeared to be moving.  I was told again that there is an adjustment time and that it would clear up soon.  We went outside and they seemed to be more shaded than my old pair of glasses.  When we went inside again I asked her if all the features I ordered were on the glasses and she said yes.  She went outside again with the glasses while I was waiting and she checked them in the sun.  Diana stated again that the glasses were what I ordered.  I was running late on my lunch hour and was feeling rushed to get back to the office. When you go in to pick up glasses you should expect it to be an hour to an hour and fifteen minutes.  Diana discounted $39.99 on the glasses.  When I got home that night and stood out in the sun for five minutes, nothing happened.  The lenses did not darken.  The lenses have a purple/rose colored hue when I am indoors and outdoors. I did not detect a change to the lenses when standing in direct sunlight.  I will return tomorrow morning and get my refund. I went back the next morning (6-15-13) to return the glasses.  The representative put them under a special light they had and presto the glasses got very dark.  We then went outside and the glasses were definitely darker.  I asked the customer service representative why the glasses were a purple/rose hue outside in the sun and not grey.  I ordered gray and I had expected to see grey.  He said no that is the gray (yes the Emperor has clothes).  He then added that the lenses are effected by heat and the lenses will not get as dark outside in Phoenix as they would in Flagstaff.  He repeated it again that if I go to Flagstaff the glasses would be significantly darker.  I do not live in Flagstaff, I live in Phoenix and I purchased my glasses in Phoenix and I expect them to work in Phoenix.  The glasses are still fuzzy when I try to read small print.  I have not been able to darken the lenses to the level they did in the store with their special UV light.  I left the glasses out in the direct sun for 2 hours.  This is starting to feel like a bait and switch scam.
5	I bought a pair of glasses at Nationwide Vision on Apache Trail and Signal Butte. The customer service was good and very knowledgeable, and the optometrist was also friendly and took his time to help me. I have glaucoma and my vision is very important to me, and I was willing to pay a little more than my insurance covered. I found a frame I liked, and for only a few dollars more, I was able to get the polycarbonate lenses. I had a little trouble getting used to them, but the associates were very helpful. Three months later, a lens popped out of the frame and got scratched pretty badly. I then talked to a district manager named Michael Oppat, who told me he wanted to make me happy, so he suggested I purchase the warranty for $39.95, and he would waive the copay to replace BOTH lenses at the same time. I could not have been happier. I spent a lot of money on the glasses so it would make sense to purchase the warranty and pay a minimal copay for a replacement for the frame or lenses should anything go wrong in the future. It does not cover loss, but it does give you peace of mind. Thank you very much, Nationwide Vision, and thank you, Mr. Oppat!
1	Thanks for the service, or lack thereof. Customer service sucked. Not one person offered to help, and yes, it was slow.
1	Never again!!!!  The worst customer service and communication I've ever experienced. They should all be fired and start fresh or I can guarantee this location will be gone in less than a year. HORRIBLE!!
2	The doctor was great and one lady was hospitable but the rest of the staff seemed completely incompetent.  They couldn't seem to give me a proper quote on how much an eye exam would cost.  A week after my exam they still didn't have my trial contacts and weren't willing to call other locations to see if I could pick up a pair at another Nationwide.  I won't be returning, they need to work on their communication skills.
