4	I stopped in quickly to have my ring cleaned (the steam cleaning process only takes a couple minutes) while I was in the area for lunch. There wasn't anyone else in the store at the time, so I was assisted promptly. My interaction with the gentleman was literally just Hi, I would like to have my ring cleaned, thank you, bye. I may have been there for a total of five minutes. I haven't shopped at this location, so I don't experience with that type of interaction, but I'd assume it would be as professional as any location.This location is in Forum Shops and not too far from the casino entrance. It's near Louis Vuitton and the Trevi Fountain.
5	My friend April F. and I have a tradition of having drinks then roaming in jewelry stores. On this fine Wednesday afternoon, April specifically requested we go into Cartier. Oh my....OH MY. Everything is absolutely stunning. It probably was a bad idea to bring our friend Yvonne into this since she is soon to be engaged. Lorenzo helped April to find what she wanted. He was delightful and humorous. Although, I personally did not purchase anything on this particular day, I will most certainly be back.
5	In an industry often beleaguered by pretense and cries of 'snooty' service, it would be easy for the folks at Cartier to carry a 'better than you' attitude, particularly in Las Vegas where the rich and famous often swoop in to party and live life lavish, but perhaps as a testament to the classic nature of the brand I've never once received anything less than superlative service from the folks in any of their stores - the shop at Crystals my most recent experience where a young sales associate named Lorenzo Aduca spent no less than thirty minutes discussing watches, mechanisms, and models both modern and defunct with me even after I told him I was not yet ready to buy, but merely weighing the brand versus others.  Always beautiful, always classic, and now featuring in-house movements on nearly all of their automatics I'm still not 100% sold on where or when I'll add to my watch collection, but there is no doubt Cartier will figure into the conversation in large part due to their strong commitment to their clientel.
5	This has got to be one of my new favorite Cartier-stores on so many levels! I was having some timekeeping issues with my Santos and needed to take it in to get serviced; apparently it has went through a magnetic field or something and needed to be demagnetized and restored to regular working order. While I initially ordered my watch through Hyde Park here in Denver, I got a personal recommendation to take it to Cartier directly so that they could perform the correct servicing - since it was probably going to have to be sent out anyways. Long story short, I had a Vegas trip coming up and decided I would take it in and have it looked at. I gotta say that I was very impressed with the level of professionalism that was carried out from all levels of staff. You would expect this level of service aptitude to be standard, however, I have experienced not so great service at other high-end establishments when making big purchases. Even though I was in typical "Vegas" attire, everyone in this store - from the security and the doorman to the sales associate to the serviceman - was extremely courteous and professional and was more than welcoming! Also, even though I had forgotten to bring my service warranty information with me, they were able to contact Hyde Park and get the verification needed to start the repair!All-in-all, I am very happy with this visit and most definitely recommend this store over the other ones in Vegas. My watch was shipped out and returned to me in tip-top shape and faster than the delivery estimate I was given!
