4	We went there for the lunch special.  There was a good variety of dishes available for the low price of $5.25.  My boyfriend got the Mongolian Beef which is a spicy plate and he said it was just right.  I ordered the Sesame Chicken and it tasted good, except... I'll tell you what, if you are not able to eat sweets, please don't order this.  It had more sugar in it then a hot fudge sundae.  I was disappointed that they didn't have white rice.  Only a small scoop of fried rice or brown rice.  But hey, brown rice is better for ya.  While I'm on the subject of rice, I don't know about you, but what I'm used to, and what I wish they had was a heap of white rice along side the chicken.  Which is fine if you want more of the main stuff.The atmosphere was just right.  Not too many gaudy Chinese decorations, just tastefully done.  The staff is friendly, service was fast and the food was piping hot.I'm giving 4 stars because the food was delicious and priced very well.
5	I love Chen's! It's a family favorite. The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is nice... not too dark or loud, just right. Plus the food is delicious. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu but I particularly love their potstickers.
1	Went there today for lunch....I got the orange chicken and I cant remember the name of the plate my husband got but it was spicy and it had nuts in it... We each took probably two bites and that was it.. The egg rolls were probably the worst i have ever had!   The Great Wall in Gold Canyon is 100 times better! The Rice Garden was better then this place and i hate that place too.. The staff was very friendly though i will give them that and that is it.. Will not be going back.....
4	Great food! Jim, the owner, is very personable. Food portions are extravagant! Parking is easy.
5	Our favorite place to eat in Gold Canyon. Whenever we arrive for our winter vacation, before we even have a chance to grocery shop, we run to Chen's first. It's that special !We always feel so welcomed by James, the owner and we are greeted like old friends by the staff. Food is consistently delicious, always freshly cooked to order and served hot. Excellent quality food. The portions are very generous and rarely does a person leave without some to take home.Try egg foo yong there, which is like none other I've tasted in my travels...It's 3 huge dumplings with a yummy sauce.Sesame chicken and moo goo guy pan are favorites as well.Very reasonably priced.. We highly recommend it !
1	This place is beyond disgusting. I ordered a vegetarian meal. I got served first with some soup that looked like glue, it would not sit without slipping on the plastic spoon. Then I got a vegetable dish: what arrived was nothing more than a portion for 6 on an enormous oval dish that was nothing but soy and white cabbage with what looked like wallpaper paste. My partner's chicken dish had more cochineal dye than is probably legal it was so bright red. We both sat there and stared. I complained. All the staff came out of the restaurant as if it was the first complaint since the day they opened. I had taken one bite. They refused to give me my money back and made a huge fuss which was highly embarrassing and said that if I came next time I would get a complimentary meal. If you like crap food that will put you in an early grave for $5, this is the place for you!
3	If you want something substantial and cheap for lunch then Chen's is your spot.  I had lunch here last week.  The $5.50 lunch special.  Came with a side salad.  Actually strips of lettuce with ranch dressing.  A cup of egg drop soup, which was actually delicious.  Then all the main dishes come with rice, crab angel, and an egg roll.  Also a drink.  I had the Moo Goo Gai Pan.  Not the best I've ever had but pretty solid.  This won't be my go to place for lunch but with meal, tax, and tip I only spent $9.50 so that's one hell of a deal.
5	LOVE this place! GREAT lunch specials! You get A LOT of food for less than 6 bucks, and it's DELICIOUS! Granted, they do give you small plate of lettuce with ranch dressing and call it a salad. BUT for less than 6 bucks you get delicious Chinese food, soup, and "salad." You STILL can't beat a lunch like that anywhere else.As for dinner, it is a little pricy for their dinner plates. But I would say it's definitely worth it. You get enough food to last for two or three meals, and it's delicious!I highly recommend this Gold Canyon restaurant!
4	Very good food.  Very fresh for Chinese food.  The shrimp fried rice was very fresh.  Great service.  They had high chairs for my 1 year old and were very nice about the mess she made.
5	I LOVEEEEEEEEEEE Chens. The food is so tasty and the prices are beyond reasonable. The dinner portions are so big, I always have leftovers for 2 days or more. Lunch specials are about 6 bucks and are a great size. The owner is nice, he addresses me by my name everytime he sees me ( I work in the center, so eat there often) He also let me leave my business cards on the table by the entrance. Also if you are watching your weight, you gotta try the chicken lettuce wraps. SO TASTY
4	This place has great food. Their portions are large, we can usually eat off one meal for two nights (for me, sometimes three) and while it's a little pricey, since we're getting more than one meal, I don't complain.The orange chicken is a favorite, and the lo mein is always good. The crab puffs (I think they call them angels on the menu) are super yummy. I confess, I have ordered the crab puffs and an egg roll for dinner before. Don't judge.They are very quick as well - I can call them on my way home from work when I'm about 10 minutes away and pick it up right when I get there.
4	Great service, friendly and quick.  Had the Mongolian Beef, asked for it mild and it is perfect!!
4	We have eaten there twice in the past week. Very friendly, courteous and efficient service. When I did a takeout, the hostess made sure my food was hot when I arrived and did not sit around to cool off. The Chicken Curry was very good..but somewhat spicy if that matters to you. Make sure you check the "spice" indicators next to the menu items. Ample servings and reasonably priced. We will go back.
4	Yum.  Good egg rolls, no make that great.  Some of the best egg rolls I've ever had.  Portions are very good sized and quite tasty.  Sorry, didn't like the egg drop soup. Then again, I don't like egg drop soup.  Service is sometimes a bit slow but food does come fast after the order is taken.They do takeout also and expect a lot.  They don't short the take out orders like I've seen in the past.All in all I'd say this is one of the better Chinese places in the east valley.
5	Great quality food. Well established with attention to detail. Great deal on lunch menu.
5	We can't speak highly enough of Chen's.  Though we long since moved away from the Gold Canyon area, we return as often as we can.  They are worth the drive.  The food is phenomenal, the service outstanding (they make us feel like Norm on Cheers every time we show up!), the price is right and the portions are huge.  When family come to visit from out-of-state they always request to visit Chen's.  If you haven't, go try them today!  And, as another poster said, the egg rolls are some of the very best you'll ever have!
