4	Chicago deep dish pan pizza that is some of the best in the valley!  Thin crust and double dough aren't as good, but worth trying if you like variety.  Cubs memorabilia is cool on the inside, but please note this is pretty much a TO-GO place only... just a couple seats outside for people who get a slice and lunch.Coupons are in the mail all the time if you live in the area, and they double the coupon value on Fridays.
4	This location of Rosati's is great. We've been going here for years. Have had quite a few of the menu items from salads, pastas, beef sandwiches and the thin crust pizza. Haven't had deep dish or double crust. The food is consistently good. Only have had a couple average beef sandwiches and one pizza that was a little more salty than usual. Other than that it's a great place. It's mostly takeout but they do deliver. When the delivery arrives the pizza is piping hot. My husband usually goes to pick up the pizza. If he has our little dog with him he carries her in and the staff comes out to greet her. They know her by name and notify the kitchen that she's here and sometimes the workers in the back will bring her some sausage. Now please don't call the health department she doesn't leave his arms.   Like the previous reviewer stated they do send out coupons if you're in the area.   You can also print out coupons on the "Clipper Marketplace" and if you use "Zone 13" you will find their coupons.   You can keep printing them out as needed.
3	Decided to try it since it is very close to my house.  The toppings were good but they put too much sauce on it.  We got the thin crust and there was nothing special about it.  Will try some place else next time I want pizza.
2	I've had Rosati's from several locations in Phoenix. At my house I have two stores within range and when I am at my friends we order Rosati's near them.Ordered a Pan style.The ingredients are very good (as they are at every Rosati's I've ordered from) and it actually arrived without the top of the pizza sliding all to one side... Kudos the the delivery guy.However, I counted six (6) tomato tops in the sauce on the pieces I grabbed. In my opinion it completely ruined my experience. The tops I am referring to are where the stem connects to the tomato. That little piece of stem ruined it for me. One maybe....six????
1	Since moving to Glendale I have rarely encountered rude business owners, especially during economic downtimes. Apparently the owner (or at least who I'm guessing is the owner) of this establishment (stocky bald guy) doesn't care about his customers. We came in with some local med students, and being students we asked for the cashier to split up the bill. He came over apparently upset and made a snide comment. The pizza wasn't even close to Chicago style deep dish, but whatever enjoyment the food might have offered was soured by the poor management. Definitely do not recommend! I posted this on their other review page too.
5	My Fiance and I were first introduced to Rosati's Pizza from his parents. Every time his parents ordered they got supreme, which I don't like however I picked off the toppings and it was still great. Tonight, we order our own (NO SUPREME) thin crust pepperoni and mushroom and it was Awesome! Great Price too- $12.99. We are going to order Rosati's for my Birthday dinner and have everyone over!
4	Rosati's is our favorite pizza place in Glendale AZ... My husband doesn't like to get pizza from anywhere else any more. Our favorite is the thin crust Meat Lovers Pizza. We always do take-out and bring it home, because the only seating is outside (and it gets HOT in Arizona), but if you like a thin crust (we do) with lots of goodies on it, Rosati's is the place to go.
1	Out of fairness, I want to say that Rosati's Pizza has delicious food(if you're still hungry by the time it's delivered.) This particular location is plagued by slowness and poor customer service. Let me quickly outline my latest experience:Sun: 7:30pm: Ordered 2 Salads and a large thin crust pepperoni pizza. The call taker had to be told multiple times what I wanted, acted like he didn't even know the menu.8:29pm - Food arrives, delivery person is cordial.8:35 - I open the pizza box to find that the pizza is sitting in a greasy lump in the left corner of the box, mostly stuck to the top. 8:39: I call the 59th Ave Rosati's to tell them what happened. Get the same dim bulb I had earlier. He runs off to get the "manager." A few moment's later someone picks up the phone and says "hello..." I ask "Is this the manager?" They reply, "yeah, how can I help you?" I now have to re-explain everything. The "manager" starts telling me that the pizza was fresh out of the oven and that's why it slid, or maybe the driver took off too fast to try and get it to me quickly(an hour is quickly?) He then says, we'll send out another one to you(like he's doing ME a favor.) 9:05pm: Second pizza arrives. We tell the driver how dissatisfied we are that the first pizza was all smashed, she tells us she needs it to take back with her to prove we weren't lying. She also declares "well, we did bring you a new one, what more do you want?" My wife tells her, "how about an apology, or a "thank you for your buisiness"" The driver was clueless and obviously just wanted to go, we let her leave without further discussion. This is not the first time I've had problems with this Rosati's customer service. Other times it's been surrounding the use of thier coupons, both online and print. Since they give coupons with every pizza, send them out in mailers and are online, I have, on occasion just assumed I had one lying around. So, over the last couple years have not had the coupon ready for the driver when they get to the door. Come to find out, Rosati's has a database on every customer with notes, apparently mine notes that I have been delinquent with my coupons twice! What else do they have in there?!?!No matter how good the pizza is, we are done with this Rosati's forever. I'd rather eat Domino's than have to put up with this. In a nutshell:1.) The pizza is really expensive. $18.00 for a 14" cheese?2.) They typically deliver in 45min to an hour on or off peak times.3.) They have no idea how to treat a return customer.4.) Apparently they have no quality control, rush around, damage the food, then blame it on the drivers.
1	This place has the worst customer service.You walk in and they act like your disrupting them.I don't say thank you or even appreciate your business.Most of the food is decent, the prices are way too high.I paid $50 bucks for 2 large pieces and they were not worth that price.But being treated the way they do every time I have gone in there I wont go again.Pizza Hut has better respect for the customers and they don't charge like this.I would think for the price I should be treated like a King!
4	Ordered for game night,Had both thin and hand-tossed. The thin crust is definitely the way to go, great pizza!It's a little on the expensive side for pizza, and make sure you ask when you're ordering and have a question, Garlic Bread =/= Cheese Garlic Bread, both excellent, but completely different.ciao
4	OK, so I gave them another chance. Several times actually. They have improved substantially. Not one bad experience...until now...cause I just jinxed it. Dang!
1	Let me preface by saying that if I receive exceptional service, I ensure everyone knows about it; same goes for when I receive terrible service.My friends and I have ordered from this Rosati's location several times.  It is truly hit & miss.Last month, we placed an order for a pizza, fried mushrooms & stuffed jalapenos.  The pizza was fantastic.  The mushrooms & jalapenos were terrible.  Half of them were still cold, to the point where they didn't seem like they were cooked/fried all the way through.  We called Rosati's to see if we could get new mushrooms & jalapenos.  The manager got lippy & told my friend "fried food isn't meant for delivery or carry out".  Then why is it on the menu & why do you offer to deliver it?  After 10 minutes on the phone, the manager begrudgingly agreed to bring another order of each out.Today took the cake, however.  I order the same pizza every time from Rosati's.  I stress "extra sauce" every single time, to the point where the person taking the order tells me "a ton of sauce", no problem!Rosati's brought the pizza out & unfortunately it didn't have extra sauce, at all.  My girlfriend called to see if they'd be willing bring out a pizza to our liking.  The smartass punk manager tells her "the pizza does have extra sauce, I know because I made it, so you're wrong".  Managerial maturity at it's finest. He proceeds to tell her he'll give her a "$5 credit for next time".  Normally I'd be OK w/this, but after the manager decided to be a dick about the entire issue, we told him that wasn't acceptable & another pizza needs to get sent out.Again, after back & forth with this degenerate, he agreed to bring one out "only if you exchange your current pizza with the new one."  Fine by me, we haven't touched the original pizza.Needless to say, the customer experience at this place is substandard, and even that is a stretch.  Very disappointed & I'll be taking my business elsewhere moving forward.
1	My husband has been ordering from Rosati's on 59th Ave. since we moved into this house 5 yrs ago.  I read the Yelp reviews on Yelp and could not believe the amount of people who are having the same issues we have. It seems every time my Husband (not me) orders, we get the same crappy service. It's ridiculous. Our pizza tonight came an hour and 15 minutes after the order was placed (we were told 30-45 min), and the pizza was very cold when it finally got here.  The cheese was sliding off the top and driver apologized and said "lemme know if the pizza is ok......I had to slam on the brakes", what???!!! So we called the store and spoke with a "Manager".  We get that , that can happen but did he bake the pizza in the car too?! Here's the kicker.......We live only a half mile away and it took them an hour and 15 minutes! My husband called to talk to a manager and he yelled and said "sometimes the drivers drive too fast. We could walk there if we wanted! So we feel an hour and 15 minutes is a cop out. Not to mention their pizza has been really disgusting lately. Who puts toppings on the dough, that was undercooked, then puts the cheese over it? Ridiculous! The cheese kept sliding off. It was cold, grease was dripping off the whole thing and just plain disgusting! I would rather eat a frozen pizza. NEVER again! Will find another pizza place and put this one in the past. After reading all of these reviews, you would think management would listen and make some changes!
4	I've only tried the thin crust pizza here and I love it. It's totally different from a NY style pizza, but delicious nonetheless.  It's cut into squares, not greasy, perfect amount of cheese, crispy, and everything tastes really fresh. The only thing is that it's really too expensive and not worth the prices they charge. I would probably not eat here as often due to the price.
1	Rosati's has the worst customer service.  I could not believe the way I was treated today.  I never post anything negative but I could not believe how I was treated today by the manager.  They delivered the wrong pizza so I called to have them deliver the right pizza.  The person addressing my issue on the phone was basically telling me that he couldn't do anything about it.  So I asked to speak to the manager and he told me, "I am the manager and i'm very busy right now."  This is ridiculous!!  I will never place an order with Rosati's and was going to use them for catering next month for a party I'm having but will go to a different Italian restaurant.   It's very sad to have insensitive people running restaurants ...Do the owners not know what's going on?
3	I only give this place 3 stars because the staff are kinda rude. My husband and I have been ordering from here for years and there have been many times when we've boycotted this location for a few months because of it. Also, one time the middle of our pizza was falling apart and raw... But Rosati's does make good pizza.
1	I give them one  stars worst service:( manger is rude. And the pizza stinks:( Pizza Hut is better then this junk:( think twice
1	This place is HORRIBLE!!! WORST SERVICE, EVER! We waited 55 minutes for our delivery, which was supposed to only take 30 minutes. We live 7 minutes down the road. We called to find out where our delivery was, they said they were "on the way"... No apologies, no "let me find out where the driver is and I will call you back,"....Well, when they FINALLY delivered our italian beef sandwich it had the au jus spilt all over the bag. The other au jus didn't even have a lid and was also spilt, there was about 1/4 of it left. The sandwich was disgustingly soggy. They completely forgot our salad. When we called, we spoke to the manager who said they would give us $1.00 back for the salad, and would send us another sandwich, but refused to refund us. We didn't want another sandwich, we wanted our money back by this point. We even said we wanted our money back because this was disgusting and there was no way we wanted to eat a soggy sandwich!! WHYYY would we want to wait ANY LONGER for another order?? We wanted our money back so we could get the sandwich we wanted from someplace we know has good service. NEVER will I EVER go here, ever again!
