5	I have my grandmother's feet.  Wide at the toe, narrow at the heel - generally hard to fit.  I've never just been able to walk into a store and find things that will fit.  I can't imagine ordering shoes over the internet as some of my friends do.  About 5 years ago I went into a store specializing in "wide feet" and it was so sad I never even tried again.  Bad bad bad.  Birkenstock style sandals and white tennis shoes in the style nurses used to wear.  I pretty much ran to the door after that.  I found this place purely by looking it up on Dex.  Coincidentally, it's close to where I was working and so poof - it showed up near the top of the list.  I decided to take a chance and run there for lunch.  WOW!  Otherwides has women's sizes 5-13 in W-WW and men's in 7-18 3E-6E.  And they don't LOOK like wide shoes.  I got a great little pair of sparkly strappy bronze heals with little sequins on the straps.  They were $49, really well made - and I made it through a day long wedding without hating my shoes even once.  Sold!I made myself hold back from also buying this awesome pair of beautiful red leather kitten heel shoes - but I don't know how much longer I'll be able to wait on that one.  They were SO awesome!I can't remember the last time I went to a shoe store where a guy sat down and actually put your foot into the shoe.  Even at Dillard's I find myself occasionally having to chase down someone to grab a box from the back.  I'll be making the trip back here again on a regular basis.
5	After being out of the workforce for 10 years, I realized the shoes and clothes I had were outdated. I was returning to the office and would you believe I could not find a decent shoe that did not look like an orthopedic contraption that even your granny wouldnt wear?Thank you Otherwides for bringing fashionable shoes to us ladies that have wider than normal feet. I can't speak for all women with wide feet but I can tell you that my smaller version of Fred Flintsone footies is a nightmare to shop for. I love strappy heels, peep toe pumps and a nice wedge just like any other of my narrow canoe shaped bi ped sisters out there! Well thanks to Otherwides, now I can have the shoes I always wanted! I have shopped on the internet before, only to have to return ALL the shoes I purchased because I was never sized properly. I went into Otherwides and actually had a professional size my showshoe style feet! I about fell off my chair when he informed me that I was a 71/2! The only other place I found wide shoes was Payless, where I had to buy a 9 to even get my foot in the shoe! And 90% of the time they were not wide enough. Plus they were cheap. Otherwides is more pricey, but the quality is great! I soon got over my embarrassment about not having a pedicure before I went in. I had no idea I would get the fantastic service that I received! I would make the 30 mile trek from my house again! It was worth it! I actually got emotional after I made my purchase. To be able to have a shoe that finally fits comfortably is a blessing, to have a shoe that is great looking to boot(no pun intended) is awesome!
5	As far as I'm concerned, this is the only place to go in the Valley for good looking, comfortable shoes at a fair price when you have hard to fit feet. I have been shopping here for over a decade, and the customer service has always been outstanding. Not only am I a teacher, but I also have MS, so wearing bad shoes during the day can mean an evening of excruciating pain. Whenever I wear shoes I got at Otherwides, I can be guaranteed a more comfortable day and decreased need for pain management at night. Don't forget to check the back room for clearance deals!
5	This is absolutely the best shoe store for people with wide feet. Like the other reviewer, I could never find shoes that fit and was wrecking my feet by wearing shoes that were too large. The salesman at Otherwides measured my feet and it turned out I was actually a size six! At times I was buying shoes as large as size nine because my feet are so wide. Needless to say, Otherwides is the only place I will buy shoes now. Everything I have bought at Otherwides has fit perfectly. In several cases, I have worn the shoes until they wear out, then replaced them with the exact same shoe. My feet feel great and I love the shoes I buy at this shop.
1	I went in on tuesday to buy slip resistant shoes for work. I have a lot of issues with my feet and have problems finding shoes I can wear for 12 hours a day. I bought some new Balance which on the box said they were slip resistant and oil resistant and the only ones they carried. I was advised not to wear them out otherwise I could not return them. I wore them around the house that night and was slipping all over the place. I knew I could not wear them for work. I looked on the receipt and low and behold it said no returns only exchanges. When I went there to return them on friday, there was a little sign by the cash register that said the same. Unfortunately I paid for them on the other side of the register and could not see it. If I was told that, I might have thought twice about buying them. I was never told anything. The guy was very rude when I brought them back and said if I was in more dire need or 80 yrs old he might have written me a "pass" to take them home and try them????? Really???? You don't know my situation????? You lost a customer and a referral. I wil never refer anyone to you. Obvioudly, guest satisfaction is not in your vocabulary.
5	Good customer service; very polite and attentive and knowledgeable. They have a good selection of wide (into the 2W and 4W that I need) dress and casual shoes for women, especially in brands like New Balance and Aravon that seem to be pretty much indestructible.  Unfortunately, they didn't have and couldn't order any knee-high lace-up combat boots (which I was also shopping for) in wide sizes, but I have never in my life found any companies that make wide boots in the styles I'm looking for. I guess those of us with wide feet will just have to keep waiting and wishing the boot-makers will notice us. In the meantime, I'll always have dress shoes and tennis shoes.
