5	This a new location and a new venture under an old name. They have hired a chef who has expanded and improved on the original menu. There is a large, tasty selection of salads and sandwiches to choose from. I especially enjoyed the asian noodle salad! There is now a smoker behind the counter that I understand will soon be providing house made bacon and smoked meats. You can also pick up the salads to go by the pound or order the salad sampler as a meal. There is ample seating for breakfast, lunch or dinner with counter service.
3	Having just moved to Southend I was happy to hear that this deli just recently opened. I'm originally from Long Island, New York so a good deli in Charlotte has been on my agenda for a while. Roast Beef and Rye is going for the whole New York-feel and the decorations/paintings on the wall scream that. What appeared to be the owner was extremely nice, gave us plenty of time to make a selection and was enthusiastic about what they were offering. There are quite a few sandwiches to choose from on the menu but I ended up creating my own since it seemed easier than reading everything they had. I went with roast beef (of course) on a french baguette with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion and a horseradish mustard (or maybe it was mayo) spread. The spread was actually really good and complimented the roast beef well. Unfortunately I've become a bread snob over the years of sandwich eating and I wasn't incredibly happy with the french baguette. I found it to be tough and hard vs. crunchy and delicious which is the primary reason why my sandwich wasn't the best it could be in my opinion.Many of the meats including the turkey, pastrami, roast beef, corned beef and a few others are all made in-house which is great to see. Typically if a deli doesn't carry Boars Head or make their own stuff in-house it is an excuse to walk out in my book. I had the the opportunity to try the roast beef and corned beef and both were very good with the corned beef being the better of the two. My girlfriend got the corned beef on sourdough which proved to be a much better bread choice vs. the baguette. There were several salads on display but I didn't have the opportunity to try either of them. I'll have to report back on the salads after my next visit.I will certainly be visiting Roast Beef and Rye Deli again but will be making some alternate decisions; specifically my bread choice. I look forward to trying another sandwich here and hope to add another star when I do.
5	Yesterday I had some EXCELLENT pastrami from RB&R Deli. They cure their meats in house a this was marvelous. This place is ideal if you are looking for a lunch spit with good and quick service, or you want to pick up a couple of pounds of REAL deli meats for home or a get together.
3	We stopped by here for lunch the other day and grabbed some sandwiches. I tried the roast beef wrap with the broccoli salad (they let you sample any salad) and Molly had turkey and bacon on a croissant. One thing that stood out, was that the bacon on the turkey sandwich. It was so crispy and delicious. I recommend adding it to any sandwich/wrap. Overall the sandwiches were good, and the servers were very friendly. I definitely want to come back and try out some more sandwiches. It's nice to have a sandwich place/deli nearby.
4	A refreshing change of pace with in house cured bacon, pastrami and roast beef. Give their salads a try. Plus they get the bread from Nova's, which is right across the street. If you want a Reuben fix or a little of NYC and Harry Meets Sally,  this is the perfect place in CLT to get that.
5	Everything is delicious - the sides and the salads are all very tasty. He's got some very unique sandwich spreads too that complement the sandwiches.
2	I struggle to even call this place a deli.  It was pretty big inside, but the offerings were so sparse compared to most deli's I am used to.  There is one little wall with very few chips, only one drink case and a soda fountain.  Even the deli counter had such sad meager portions of everything, it was odd.  I needed to grab a sandwich to take with me on the way to the hospital and so I went for tuna salad on a bagel and a bottle of gatorade.  The bagel was rock solid, thought I might break a crown, the tuna wasn't bad, but what really bothered me was that my order came to over $10.  I just felt like that was a bit high for what I got.  There are just way too many other better option in South End for me to bother with this place again.  Its sad too because I was really hoping it was going to be a great deli.
5	I recommend this place. All the meats are prepared in-house (not pre-packaged) which really adds to the quality. Roast beef is their specialty but I had roast turkey and it was excellent. Don't expect a huge menu or fancy setting. This is more of a traditional NY style deli where the food quality really sets it apart from other restaurants.
5	I hate I missed the grand opening, but I finally made it in.  Great roast beef, really good rye bread, the mayo spread is a great compliment, and the broccoli salad was pretty damn good as well.   I have no complaints.   Great food and service.  I will be back for sure.  Read my other reviews.  I rarely have no complaints.  This is a local shop worth supporting.
2	Tried this place today because I wanted to support a local deli. Unfortunately I was pretty disappointed. The sandwich itself was fine, but nothing special and overpriced. I got my kids a grilled turkey and cheese and paid $7.45! And they didn't even ask what kind of cheese or bread I wanted. My husband and I built our own sandwich and they asked for one topping at a time and then would turn around and take 3 minutes until they asked for the next one. Not very efficient. But the kicker was the price. Like I said the sandwich was fine, not bad but not great, although the toppings offered were pretty meager and with our 3 sandwiches, 1 drink and 2 chips our total was $32! Plus the customer service was a bit lacking (the guy gave my husband attitude when my husband told him that he wasn't done ordering) and they couldn't figure out how to ring up our order.
4	The roast beef with Dijon Horseradish is amazing! My personal favorite is the smoked salmon with capers and cream cheese. This place was much needed in South End. It's walking distance for the apartments and condos in the neighborhood. Oh yeah, they sell reasonably priced wine by the bottle with prices comparable to Common Market!Make sure you check their Facebook page to find out when the wine and food painting / tasting pairing is!!!!I will be back!
3	Went by there yesterday and all the furniture and equipment were gone. Looks like they closed. Sad.
