5	Vladimir and his son came out to my house today to fix the washer. They were knowledgeable, friendly and reasonably priced. I highly recommend them!
1	Vladimir and son came out to fix my dryer, they did so efficiently and inexpensively. Then it broke again with a different but related issue. I called and asked them to come out, and it was an emergency because I was leaving the next day on vacation and had two wet loads of laundry. He asked me to text him my information. I texted it to him and he never came out, he never responded. I went on vacation after drying my laundry at a friend's house. I have no wish to contact them again and push the issue, I just want a dryer that works.
2	I am very disappointed with this company. They came out to repair my dryer and ice maker on my refrigerator. They fixed the dryer just fine but the ice maker was a different story. The service man tried several different things but could not fix it and when he left, the ice maker and water dispenser was not working at all. Before he came, it would at least make a tray of ice once or twice a day but when he left, it made none at all. When he left, there was a small trickle of water for the water dispenser but as soon as he drove away, my husband went to get water and there was no water at all coming out of the dispenser. I called the repair man immediately to tell him and he told me to mess with the water line in the back to adjust the water flow as a solution. First of all, if I knew how to do all that, I would not be calling a repair man in the first place. Our conversation that night ended with him telling me he had to consult with some others about the situation and he would call back in a day or two. After 3 days of not hearing from him, I called him back and he apologized for the delay and said he would know something the next day. Three more days went by and still no reply so I called again and again and kept getting the machine. It has been more than 2 weeks and I have still not heard back from them. Since he left, my ice maker has made ZERO cubes of ice and not a drop of water was coming out of the water dispenser. Finally, I went ahead and called another company. The new company came out and found the issue within minutes! It was a super simple fix. This review would have been 3 stars because they did fix my dryer, but ONLY if they would have bothered to come back out or at least call me and let me know they would not help me or could not find a solution for my ice maker. Instead they just ignored me and left me high and dry. This is inexcusable and not the way to do business.10/1/13 - I decided to change the star rating to 2 because although they left me high and dry on the ice maker issue, they did clean my coils for free and fixed my dryer. I really hope they come on here and read this review and know that I originally gave them a 1 star review but changed it. Customer service is sometimes more important than the work they perform.
3	Our dishwasher would not drain.  They were responsive and friendly.  I thought $60 to diagnose and go toward repairs was a very good deal since GE was going to charge $90 to only diagnose.  He showed up and took a piece of glass out of the dishwasher.  The piece of glass was the only thing wrong with the dishwasher as to why it would not drain.  The bill came to $150 for that 15 minutes.  I'm not sure it was a good deal after all.
5	Vladimir was great to work with! We had an issue with our ice maker + a separate issue with our freezer. He was able to schedule an appointment the next day for us + was very timely to arrive + get the job done! He easily assessed the situation + let us know what needed to be done to fix it. Prices were very good + I would call him again next time I have an issue with any appliance!
1	Vladimir is the worst repairman I have ever met.  He showed up an hour after his 2 hour window and managed to make our dishwasher worse than before.  He would not allow me to try it because he said it would take too long.  He ruined the wood around the frame and blamed it on the wood being old.  When asked why he put the door on crooked he explained he doesn't do installs.  Refused to give us a card and refused to fix the dishwasher or damages.  Stay far away!!!
1	WARNING...they only want to text message you and they never do what they say they are going to do...don't use smith's appliance repair....they don't do what they say they are going to do!!!!!
5	I purchased a home that came with a beautiful laundry room and front load washer and dryer. Of course the washer stopped working immediately. Alec came to diagnose the machine promptly the next day. He was clear and concise about the problems with my washer and additionally warned me about other potential problems that might exist once the unit was fully disassembled. We decided to replace the units based on the expense to repair the LG front loader.I would call Alex again without hesitation. I would recommend to my friends and family.
