4	This  place is soo good and cheap. We love it.  My husband and I have been coming here for over 12 years.You have to try the chicken wings they r sooo good!   I recommend this place,  yes the place might be a little dirtyso just take it to go.  its good for a quick cheap lunch.
5	I loooooove this place!! I've been going there since i was like maybe 12 years old and the food is always good. The lady is always nice and the little coin machines are always cute games. The chicken is always bomb!
5	Best chinese food in vegas, hands down. Homemade love in there and guess what?? the staff is nice..even on the phone. the prices are too absolutely die for! i spent more in gas getting there than i did on the food. love u guys
5	My friends and I were going for lunch and I asked to go somewhere cheap. THIS PLACE IS CHEAP. It's also really delicious! The sign is a little run down, but the inside is clean and the food is great. They give you big portions and all the food comes in a to-go box so if you don't finish, you can just leave. If you're low on funds but want to eat a lot, I recommend a trip to MB China!
5	Five stars every day of the week. This had been one of the best Chinese food places in North town for years. I'm not sure why there is not a line or the door.  I recommend the beef chow mein. It's five bucks for a small bucket of delicious.
5	You can not beat this place for the prices!!Good food, dirt cheap, funny lady at the counter.Love it here, I'm from Cali and this taste like the hole-in-the-walls back home.Sweet and sour chickenHouse chow meinPork fried riceThose delicious chicken wingsThats my usual! all for around $25
5	Great price for the food, you can get a lot of food for a low price. The pot stickers were lightly fried and the dipping sauce was tangy with a littke spice, food rated great I would definitely come back here again
4	Food was great and give you plenty to eat. Menu on wall didn't have a lot of selection. If there was another menu I was never offered one so not sure if there is more to offer. Food came out quick so didn't have to wait long. Would  come back here again, just hope  there is more of a variety.
4	Pretty good! Actually very good for what it is. It is great for a take out place but we dined in. Since we were packing up to move and needed to eat somewhere and were too tired to head down to Spring Mountain to our usual haunts we found this place on Yelp. .It might only have 8 reviews but I have to tell you it's way better than other take out Chinese in the area. We are veggies so won't eat meat or chicken and they were very accommodating. We had tofu and veggie curry and kung po tofu.. Both not on the menu but made special. Yes she charged us a bit more but not enough to make us not order it. We also had veggie lo mein which was really really good. Of course, they don't compare to many of our favorite places on Spring Mountain but for a quick dinner that's fresh, hot and tasty you can't go wrong with MB China! .
5	I love this place. Its our second time here and the woman remembered us and even what I like WOW. She is extremely friendly and offers excellent customer service.  My food is always tasty and served hot. Try the chicken teriyaki bowl and of course crab cheese wontons are a fave!
5	This is our second time here in 1 week! The food is great and the price is right. If you like your food spicy just ask, they will make it as hot as you want. The lady who works the cash register is also very friendly and remembered us after just one visit. I highly recommend eating here.
