4	Stopped in here to pick up some stuff for a project.  I was very warmly greeted at the door - even though I was staring at my phone (with the list of what I needed).  All the Home Depot stores are pretty much organized the same way so I was in and out in no time - more time to get home and start projects!I didn't ask for any help since this was a quick stop, but it looked like there were a lot of employees with smiles on their faces to help if you needed to find anything or needed advice on your current project.
3	This is a fairly standard Home Depot, with almost nothing to single it out from the others around town, except that they are a bit more challenging to get to than most others, simply because of their location.Not only is the traffic a bit worse because of the 485/51 intersection, but then you have to take this strange loop around the shopping center and finally you get to Home Depot at the end of the road - the last store on the left, as it were.Once you get there, everything is just about the same as all the others, and the staff is nice enough, so there are no real surprises to be found. I have had neither bad nor particularly good experiences in this particular location, since we do not get to this side of the city all that often.
3	Hello Friends, (Disclaimer) I have been on a serious Planking kick. One of my favorite show (online)  is Sam the Cooking Guy. He made a Cedar Plank Salmon that looked outta this world. SoooooIn comes Home Depot. Instead of ordering cedar planks online for 10-34.99 or going to Wally world or the like and buying them for around 15 bucks. Under the direction of Sam, I went to a lumber yard. (well not quite but you get the point). I walked in and straight to the wood sections. Asked the guy for UNTREATED Cedar Wood. Well he pointed me in the direction of A LOT of different wood. I told him what i was trying to do and he in fact told me to go to Wally World. NO THANKS. He pointed me to some Cedar Wood 6ft tall. Well, i picked one up and asked if he could cut thme into 12 inch long "planks". He did so and I was outta there...Total cost for 6feet of Cedar wood cut into 6 twelve inch cuts... = 2.76.So instead of spending 10-35 bucks on 2 -12 inch planks, I spent 2.76 on 6 -12 inch planks. WINNING!!!!(of course i took pictures)
4	I live in an apartment and I am not exactly what would be considered handy.  And as I have had to decrease my insurance coverage to the bare minimum thanks to rate hikes over the past 2 years, I try to avoid anything with sharp pointed objects rocket-launched into other things.  I am moving and need boxes and packaging material and such.  As my firm designs Home Depots, I try to stay loyal to the brand (job security!).  I found myself on the Pineville side of town after lunch and figured as this store is a little harder to get to (across 51 from Carolina Place mall and very near to where 485 cruises through Pineville) it might be a little less crowded.  Upon walking into the clean store, I was greeted by a smiling employee and asked where I could find moving supplies.  He directed me to an aisle number and said walk all the way to the back of the store.  Behold!  Moving stuff.  They had quite a few large, medium and small boxes, packing tape, bubble wrap in several different sizes/lengths, tape guns, etc.  Perfect, just what I needed.  While looking at the boxes, I had two gentlemen asked if I needed assistance getting the boxes into the cart and one shopper tell me that she would be praying for me, as moving sucks (amen, lady... amen).  They only had one checkout line open (approx. 1 pm on a winter Sunday), but all 4 self-check lines were humming along.  As I had large awkward boxes that I was balancing in the cart, along with a large roll of bubble wrap and some rolls of packing paper, I elected to go through the regular checkout so I wouldn't be the lady that knocked over a row of displays in a crashing domino effect of destruction.  Unfortunately I was behind someone who was stocking up on a cart-full of batteries and light bulbs in preparation for what I assume based on sheer quantity of items would be some sort of zombie apocalypse, so that took an eternity, but whatever... I took that opportunity to check out my facebook and texts.  The woman at the checkout was quite friendly and also passed along her good wishes for my move.  I was asked again if I needed help getting the boxes into my vehicle, but I declined and battled them alone.  I got what I wanted, at the price I expected, and save for the wait at the checkout, I was in and out in no time with exactly what I needed.
3	Meh. It's a Home Depot that is no better and no worse than any other Home Depot I've been into. I was looking for one specific item in the plumbing department and their selection was only one and it didn't have the features I wanted. Oh well, there's always Amazon.
