4	This is one of those places that must be spread by word of mouth.  The think it's time for Yelp to get that word out.First off the hours are only Wednesday, Friday and Saturday from 10 AM to 3 PM.  The other days they are cleaning, pricing and prepping the store.It's kind of like a Goodwill meets a mom and pop hardware store.  Great place to go look for a piece of furniture you might need or a fixture for the bathroom.  I went in looking for a light fixture for my bathroom and the prices are amazing.  Huge area to look through so make sure you have time to browse, you don't want to look over something that you may need.  Inventory is based on what they get.  So products change constantly.  I ventured throughout the whole area and what I saw was enough to make sure I stop back in for any of my hardware needs.  They have everything  you can think of for your last minute fix you need at home.  Furniture ranges from desks to dressers.  They have doors, TVs, appliances (at times), carpeting, etc.Be sure to stop in here.  It is for a great cause.
5	How can you go wrong with a place that sells everything from hardwood flooring to couches, golf clubs to punch bowl sets?Habitat ReStore is a part of a nationwide effort of Habitat for Humanity.  They use items donated to them that can't be used in houses and sell them to raise additional funds for the organization.Since inventory is donation based, it changed constantly, but there is a huge variety of items, most in very good (some even new) condition.They take charges, but there is a $10 minimum (no minimum for debit purchases).This store is especially great for people completing do it yourself home repairs or those furnishing their first house or apartment.I was there to volunteer but ended up making a purchase.  I know I'll be back (both to volunteer and shop)
5	this is the best/biggest restore i have been to. i went to the salem, oh store, new kensington, pa and beaver falls, pa stores. the restore in irwin on 30 is closed as of 4/13. this restore has large selection of doors , windows, toilets, tiles antique, misc, appliances, china dishes, tools, etc.... some things really cheap like 10 cents - to about $20. ========across from kmart braddock pittsburgh pa
2	I  understand and appreciate the mission of the store,  but it is not being run in a way that benefits anyone. It is cluttered and disorganized, overflowing with merchandise. Mainly because the prices are so outrageous that no one wants to pay them. 100+ dollars for something that I have to sand and refinish is insane, especially when it is not even high quality or an antique. I  saw  pushes with overflowing stuffing selling for more than  a hundred dollars. Drop your prices,  unload some inventory and make a profit for those in need.
