3	This Checkers location recently opened up on the corner of Jones and Tropicana in the Smith's shopping center.I've never been to Checkers. The food was decent for fast food and the prices were low. I wasn't too excited about this location, but it's good to have a little more diversity in the area for junk food.
1	My box of loaded fries came with a surprise: A DEAD FRIED COCKROACH!!!!! Luckily the incompetent employee forgot to put fork in my bag so I had to pick cheesy fries by hand and that allowed me to notice the bug!!! Big one too.
1	The fucking employees are incompetent stop hiring highschool dropouts. When we got back the order was wrong the fries were cold, was so exited when they recently opened, with the shitty service and even shittier food i hope the shut this place down
1	It's just sad, to be so excited to finally see a checkers and them to be so shitty. I ordered a big chicken club they assured me they had the right order and it wasn't. ..when I called to see if i could get some kind of something back for my wrong meal and super cold food they pretty much told me go fuck myself. Don't waste your time here cause the bad customers service and horribly cold food will just piss you off. Smh hopefully the right person see this and I can get back my 26$ we spent for something I would not eat in a zombie apocalypse.
1	Oh god it was terrible! The employees were annoyed with the customers and even made fun of the guy in front of me. When I got my food there was a roach or cricket leg in it. Seriously. I'll starve before I eat here.
3	Meh.I'd had Checkers once before, on the other side of town about a year ago, and it was pretty darned good.  I was SO excited that there was a Checkers opening up near me!After having a really rough day and night, my fella and I decided to just drive through for dinner. The food was ok.  It wasn't spectacular, but it was a step above McDonalds, and a good alternative to Jack in the Box.The burgers were standard, but they got the "special" orders right (no tomato for me, no mayo for my fella), and I thought the fries were great, although they were cold when we got home, but that was our fault. We also tried the fish sandwich, which I thought was pretty good too, although I'd have to have the sauce on mine (fella doesn't like that kind of sauce).  I don't know that I'll make this a frequent stop, but I think its great, like Emily R said, to have other junk food options in this area.  Service was nice, and there were no bugs or bug parts in my food (which I was terrified about after reading the reviews...which I read after we ordered), so I'm pretty happy with it.
3	This was our first time being here and the food was good and their chilli cheese frys were very good. We will be coming back.
