1	I bought two pair of jeans at Nordstrom, Joes and Hudsons.  I brought them here to have the hem shortened.  I paid for same day service and picked them up on time.  When I took them home and tried them on, one leg is visibly shorter on BOTH pair of jeans.  I returned in the morning and told them they were uneven.  I was asked to try them on and after a lot of tugging and pulling to make them appear even, the woman told me that I wear them higher on one hip than the other and they are not uneven.  I tried on the second pair and she told me the same.  She said if I had mentioned it they could have worked around it.  She said she would "lengthen" them.  I asked for an explanation of "lengthening" because at this point I have invested nearly $450 dollars in jeans and one leg is too short to wear.  She couldnt provide an explanation of the proccess she intended to use.  I was skeptical because the hem leaves no room for mistakes, even I can see that.  I only wanted to know what she planned to do, I did not want her doing anymore damage.The new hem on the jeans is rounded on the front side and longer than the back.  The seamstress used her own styling to recreate a strange look.  I wanted them exactly as the original, just a tad shorter.Eventually after shouting at her two coworkers in their native language she stopped responding to my questions and started putting on a language barrier much stronger than we originially had.  It was clear to me at this point that not only could she not fix her mistake, she refused to admit the mistake existed and instead offered that I'm simply uneven, and that she had no intention of refunding my $24.00.  I have never been so disgusted with a businesses practices in my life.  If you cannot do a simple hem evenly, you have no right running a business.  For the record, I measured when I got home and they are uneven.  One pair has a three centimeter difference and the other has a five centimeter difference.  Doesn't seem very big, but it's noticeable enough that my significant other picked up on it before I even mentioned it to him.I would NOT suggest doing business with these people.
5	I have taken plenty of items to her for over a decade and have been pleased every time.  She has taken good shirts and made new collars and cuffs from extra material from the bottom.  If that option was not available she then put contrasting collar and cuffs on.  She has taken out and taken in dozens of pants.  She has recut shirts for me. Her prices have always been reasonable.ddc
1	Terrible service. Completly ruined a simple hem job. About a week after I got my pants back, the hem popped out. I took the pants back to the store to try to get them fixed, but they refused to fix them. Then they tried to tell me they hadn't actually put the hem in (insisting that I actually took my pants somewhere else and was trying to cheat them out of their hard-earned money. Ridiculous to say the least. I won't ever be returning here. I'd stay far away from this place. They're happy to take your money (the place isn't exactly cheap either), but they do crappy work.
