4	This Starbucks, located next to Pinkberry and the Mandarin Oriental Hotel on S. Las Vegas Blvd, is a relatively new addition to the CityCenter family of Starbucks. Having opened in March of this year, it sports a beautiful dark wood interior and some fancy display of technology.The front entrance is dominated by a large wood plaque naming Starbucks coffee blends offered here, and an oversized Starbucks icon. The combination is visually unique and dramatic, and keeping with CityCenter's artistic flair.Seating is varied, with a back collection of comfortable couches, and a front set of stools and counter, a combo perfect for Vegas people watching.  Outside seating on Las Vegas Blvd. is also available.Opposite the front stools is an engaging digital display of a tweet feed, #starbucksvegas.  Although a bit repetitive because there's not a high-volume of tweets at this point, we found it fairly addictive to watch while enjoying our coffee. This is the first I've seen of this new Starbucks technology, but I have a feeling it will be coming to more new stores in the future.Coffee lovers powerwalking down S Las Vegas Blvd. now have a new option for a quick caffeine fix!
1	Get ready to pay 2 times any normal Starbuck.  Drip coffee grande (med) was $4.20.  I like my Starbucks, and I do drink it daily, but give me a break.
4	This is one of the better Starbucks I have been to.  It is large and open.  The decor is clean and more upscale than most.  The staff is friendly.The most important positive is the fact there are almost no leaches that have set up shop for the day, to mooch off the internet.  Real patrons can actually sit down and enjoy their coffee.
1	If there's zero star I would have put that. I only asked for ice for my puppy after buying a gazillion value of drinks and they told me to pay. Amazing...I never thought I would give a 1 star for any starbucks as I have always gotten a great service, but this is taking stingy to a different level. No thanks to u.
1	What a huge inconvenience!  I came here with my Starbucks card to pay for my drink/food.  I was told that since this location is owned by the casino, that they do not honor the Starbucks card or phone apps.
