5	With wireless internet and a relaxing ambience, this was a place I was looking for during my two years in grad school.  Coffeehouses in Pittsburgh often were too loud and rickety uncomfortable chairs.The owners are often attentive and bring a certain unique warmth to the place.  Sure, a large part of the cafe is devoted to them.I loved coming here for an after-dinner conversation with a friend or for studying.  Normally I would order a pot of darjeeling or a green tea.  Great selection of teas.  Very attentive service.  They give you a timer to help you remember how long to steep the tea.  The cups are all selected for the particular type of tea being served.When I was in the area, the cafe closed on Saturdays (being in Squirrel Hill), but I hear the hours may have changed.  Also, the owners seemed to have hired some of the younger crowd in the last few months which changed the pace somewhat.Still, when I visit Pittsburgh, I will return to this place.
5	I can't think of a better to way to spend a lazy sunday afternoon than a pot of oolong, a copy of the sunday times, and just sitting back and relaxing at the Te Cafe.
5	Good tea, comfy chairs.  I hear the food is also good, but have not tried it.  Nice quiet place to relax.
5	I came here with a friend and her young child for my first visit.  What a nice and friendly place!  The staff was super sweet and helpful and suggested some different teas for my friend.  I ended up getting a white tea which was nice.  The cafe has both tables and comfortable side seating (long comfy bench).  I believe they also have a couple of comfy chairs.  In addition to the internet, they have made this a cozy place with games that customers can play with - both for adults and children!  My friend's child ahd the time of his life.  I'll definitely be going back!
4	You can purchase from a huge variety of loose leaf teas. It's one of the few places I know that really pays attention to brew times and water temperature. The smoothies are fresh and taste very natural. If you order in, they'll give you your drink in a cup that looks smaller than if you order to-go. They have nice metal counters with lots of plug in places for your laptop. The benches aren't terribly comfortable, but the couches are. Plus, the people behind the counter are great!
5	I'm a graduate student here in Pittsburgh, and this is one of two main places I go when I want to get work done. The tea selection is excellent, and the staff was excellent - everyone knows the teas very well.
4	I'm writing from Te Cafe right now.  I love this place and always made an effort to come here when I was visiting Pittsburgh from other locales.  It's sad that I don't come out here more often, now that I live here again...Anyway, they have a fantastic beverage selection (not just tea), high-quality loose-leaf teas you can buy by the ounce, comfortable enough seating, free wifi, and friendly staff.  The music's a toss-up; right now, it's some pretty good oldish rock, but apparently there is "wispy Lillith fair crap," sometimes?  On the bright side, if you show up on a bad day, it is definitely quiet enough to allow you to just listen to your own on headphones.  And the clientele is pretty varied, which I also rather like.
4	Every tea and tea-related concoction I have had here has been great. The atmosphere is bright and warm. They must have taken the other poster's music complaint into account, because I have heard a wide variety of great stuff every time I have been in there.The staff is always super-friendly (without being annoying) and the clientele is usually a good mix of studying students/laptop users and people actually having conversations.In short, good tea, good tea-related creations, good service, good music, good place to study or have a chat.
5	Huge fan of Te!  Always a great experience every time I come.  The atmosphere is cozy, nice friendly staff who all know what they are talking about.  Not sure what to order? they will for sure help you out!  I'm a fan of Dragon Pearl Jasmine...yum!  Great place to read a book, do some work, or just hang out with friends.  They have awesome fruit smoothies, made with REAL fruit!  I've gotten them for breakfast a few times, also NYC famous H&H bagels, you cant go wrong grabbing something on the go here.I get some tea to take home from time to time, there are tons to pick from its hard to choose!Their daily teas are always changing and are a great way to try something you may not think you would have chosen yourself.All in all I think Te is great, I don't how they do it but they do it well.
5	Oh what wonderful, delicious, unique drinks they have! I'm a tea person and I was extremely impressed by their selections (with prices better than Teavana, mind you). It's small but beautiful (think Ikea beautiful). And damn good people work there. :)
3	Really interesting tea flavors. Stop by if your in the neighborhood.
5	Before checking out a matinee at the nearby Manor Theatre, my friend Marla and I decided to have a little bite to eat.  We'd never been here before.  It's amazing how a place can be right around the corner from you, yet it's ages before you try it.But this is a neat little place in Squirrel Hill and it's one of the reasons why I love living in this neighborhood so much.  There are so many individual stores and cafes that make it so preferable to "Strip Mall Suburbia".This is a tea house and not a coffee house.  So don't go looking for ye olde cup of Joe here.  They have many varities of teas here:  blacks, reds, herbals, whites, greens.  They might seem a little pricey here, but they do serve you a 16oz pot here.  And they have all kinds of sandwiches and baked goods here including a cashew butter and jelly sandwich (which I didn't try) and a Southwestern Wrap, which was very good.If you are looking for gifts for the tea drinker in your life, they have all sorts of gifts available.  They also have Kosher teas too.
5	Stopped by Te when I was in Pittsburgh and loved it.  Quaint little place in Squirrel Hill with a fantastic selection of loose teas.  The staff knows their teas and is friendly/helpful.  And the atmosphere is comfortable and neighborly.If you're new to tea, this is a great place to get started and learn more.  And if you're a tea veteran, you'll be happy with the variety.  Cream Earl Grey is delicious, as well as peppermint rose.
4	Even if you're not in the mood for something from Te Cafe's diverse tea selection, there are plenty of other drinks that satisfy: tea lattes, lemonades (both plain and with unusual flavors like ginger, lemonade and hibiscus), hot chocolates and more.  The pleasant staff is knowledgeable about its teas and can offer great recommendations.  The loose leaf tea is also sold, and some of the more unusual tea blends can make neat gifts for people.The atmosphere is calm enough that I can concentrate if I bring work to do.  It's also really helpful that in terms of food, Te Cafe offers more than sweets--while I loved baked goods, sometimes I need something more than sugar to fuel my noggin.  Grilled cheese sandwiches and vegetable soup are recent additions to the cafe's menu.  While the soup is clearly from the can, it and the grilled cheese are nourishing.  I definitely appreciate not having to pack up all my study materials and leave in search of a decent meal.  I really like the feeling of community that Te Cafe fosters with an area for posters and fliers for upcoming local events and work by local artists on the walls.  The cafe also hosts occasional poetry readings, but unfortunately I've never been able to attend one.
4	This place is such a great place to hang out with friends or study.  They take tea seriously, which can be a little intimidating but is on the other hand reflective of the quality of the product you get here.  I also really love that they have H&H bagels and a grilled cheese/tomato soup combo.
5	Excellent looseleaf tea served on a platter complete with tea timer customized for each variety of tea. Nice and quiet inside; this would be a good place to study or read a book.
5	On a daily basis, I dream of the days that I spent at Te' Cafe. Two years have gone by and I live in a city with Tealuxe (some horrible wanna be Te' Tea Shop with snotty college students who don't know the time difference between green and black to save their lives.) The owners of Te' are lovely people who have a great store going! They are the best tea shop I have ever been to and you can't even get a better variety of tea anywhere else! I dare you to say NYC, because I have yet to find one with such lovely people, environment and selection!When I come home once a year I immediately run to Te' for a pot of Jasmine Pearl Dragon and dream of the days when I will be back again!
4	Good selection of tea, plentiful seating, nice atmosphere. I had an iced hibiscus tea that was pretty great. I will definitely be returning.Also, they have outdoor seating (though it's on the Murray Ave sidewalk and a little noisy) and a clean bathroom.
4	Amazing little place for tea lovers. Great selection and atmosphere.
5	Started going to the Te' when they first opened. The two ladies that run the place are very nice and good to talk to.The teas are excellent! I have yet to find a better place to get good, loose leaf tea. The presentation is top notch and the variety is excellent.The atmosphere of this little tea shop cannot be described. I would stop by towards the end of the day to finish up some work. The relaxed setting and fairly quiet place made it easy to focus and get things done.I don't work in the area anymore, but I'll use any excuse to get back there.Seriously, it is worth fighting to find a parking spot in Squirrel Hill for this place.
5	I have trouble ordering tea when I'm out because it's such a simple thing to make. I know there are a lot of nuances to the preparation, like everything else, that can give you a plethora of subtle variation that you wouldn't get if it was made incorrectly. However, I still can't stand paying for it.However, Te Cafe has a great selection of gourmet teas that make the stop worth it. It's the kind of stuff that, unless you were a tea connoisseur, you would never be tasting. Their menu is full of teas all with names that vary from mundane, to Japanese, to just plain odd. I've been to the Te Cafe a few times but last night I ordered the "Kokeicha". It's a kind of smokey green tea that you steep for 3 minutes. I tried to order a tea by the name of "gunpowder" but they were sadly out of it. The man behind the counter informed me that the "Kokeicha" was very similar.The tea was great and, honestly, even when something's not your cup of tea you have a fun experience. It's something you usually don't get to try on your own. Who would honestly buy 23 dollars worth of loose leaf tea that they've never tried? I'll leave it to the Te Cafe to let me sample them a pot at a time.Every time I enter the cafe the staff are friendly, accommodating, and most of all informative. They know their way around tea so someone who is completely ignorant, as I am, can get a little guidance. It's a fun place to relax and enjoy a beverage you usually wouldn't; how often do you drink gunpowder at home?
3	This is a cool place to read or write or maybe a little of both. The chairs and tables are comfortable and there are plenty of outlets for computers. Like the name suggests Te Cafe is known for its tea. The problem is I know little about tea and usually just order lemonade (which comes in different flavors and is really good) or chai. But it seems as if you are a tea lover you'd love this place cause there is hundreds you can order from. The staff is nice and seem helpful for those asking questions about the tea.The negative aspect of this place is that sometimes some of the patrons use Te Cafe's small space as their platform to loudly talk about their political and social hot-botton issues. Seriously dude, i'm hear to read, not listen to your rant.If I was a tea lover im sure I'd give this place 4 to 5 stars, but i'm not so 3 it is, but a very strong 3.
5	This place hasn't changed a bit. Still awesome tea, great service and friendly faces. Although, the owners have changed, Te Cafe remains the same. So good to be back and sipping on my favorite iced lavender lemonade.
4	I loved coming here with my friends and enjoying tea with talking about our little adventures around town. My favorite part and the most memorable part for me were the people around us! I experienced some of the oddest and most interesting people in this cafe and there is something so unique about the energy that has me wanting to go back.I also love the 3 different colored sand glass timers for green, white, and black tea.
4	Great tea and amazing service.  The only thing that is sad is they don't have bigger space, since this is the sort of place you want to camp out with a cupa.The lemonade is as good as advertised!  The lavender was bright and delicate.The person who was working was very gracious in explaining how ordering worked.  She also had many great tea suggestions in case you were feeling intimidated by the robust list.
5	Great staff, huge tea selection as well as the best lemonades and hot chocolates in the city. The tea selection is extremely extensive, and the staff is very knowledgable and willing to help you out if you don't know what you want. This is the kind of place where you can sit at the bar and chat with the baristas, and there will be a regular sitting next to you reading the paper and ordering "the usual." While the tea menu is huge, if you get the teas of the day listed on the board (which are color coded by type: black, green, white, or herbal) you'll get them for a lot cheaper. I recommend hanging out for a while with a pot of a tea of the day, which is only $3 for the pot with 2 hot water refills. I also highly recommend their grilled cheese paninis with tomato, which are overpriced but too good to pass up if you're hungry. The hot chocolates are great specialty drinks in the winter (better than any coffee shop I know) and their specialty lemonades rock in the summer. I've known a handful of the baristas who worked here and all were happy and had fun befriending customers during their shifts, which gives this place one of my favorite cafe atmospheres.
5	Amazing place to read or just relax, lots of loose leaf teas to choose from. Some of their lower priced teas aren't thrilling (especially the greens) but you get what you pay for. The only problem I see arising is, if you buy a pot which is the best deal, you get a neat tray that comes with a timer, a cup for drinking, and a cup to hold the used leaves. If you're drinking on your own or with a single friend, that's fine and dandy- but it's near impossible to have a proper meeting with three or more people without forcing everyone to use inefficient mugs instead. I might be mistaken but they really should have party tray type tea sets. Still, 5 stars for sure. Excellent service, eclectic music (classical one day, indie the next), good ambiance, good price, decent hours (I wish they would open a bit earlier, but they close so late that it makes up for it), and some really amazing teas mixed in. Free wifi makes it even better.
5	The Te Cafe gets a 5 star rating because they really have everything going for them.  The teas themselves are wonderful. I have been lucky enough to have a long time boyfriend who will order a pot that is a different tea than what I choose so that we can try as many flavors as possible.  Recommending the pomegranate rose-hips tea. It's a tea I used to get when I lived in the city and biked to squirrel hill. -okay, so I did that once. I couldn't hack the hill of Forbes- it was still refreshing.Five stars for their biscottis also! So many people tend to be drawn in for the grilled cheese, but if you ask me it's the biscottis that should really be talked about. They're large, with great texture and a huge variety of flavors.Lastly I love the ambiance of Te Cafe.  It's decorated nicely with art for purchase on the walls. A generally relaxing atmosphere is also complimented with a game of chess.  They have a really nice chess set with nice carved pieces.
5	This is a tea lovers paradise!  If only they would serve high tea and I'd be in Wonderland!They have a large and varied list of teas in every kind of flavor and kind (herbal, black, floral, oolong, red, etc.).  All their teas are loose leaf and you can buy it by the cup or the pot.  Um, of course, I had to get it by the pot!  They give you a tray full of the goods.  A pot with the loose leaf tea of your choosing, a little cup to dispose of your leaves, a mug (of course for the tea) and a hour glass timer for you to time out if you want it light, medium or bold.  I mean, how cute is that?  I almost thought the Mad Hatter was going to appear and we would toast to Alice!  I tried the Pumpkin Blend and it was delectably fall!  I love black teas because, as I am of English heritage, I must have milk in my tea.  It blended beautifully together.  I actually want to come in every day and try every single kind of black tea!  They also offer other kinds of specialty drinks, like hot mulled caramel apple cider and Mexican hot chocolate.  Honestly, everything sounded delicious!  How could I ever stray from tea?  But with the look of the other drinks, I probably could once at least, for the sake of being fair!  The ambiance is totally chill, lots of people on lap tops.  They have old books for you to read.  Tables for groups or your computer and comfy chairs to sit and chat with a friend.  For realz, I've come home!  Tell the Mad Hatter I'll be there tomorrow!
5	This is my favorite cafe in Pittsburgh. I'm not much of a coffee drinker, I prefer drinking tea or smoothies if I'm sitting at a cafe and Te Cafe is perfect for that. It's a very chilled out place, got big windows and all kinds of seating. It's not the fanciest cafe around, which is actually nice, because it has a very comfortable vibe to it. They have free and unlimited wifi. The ambience is great for doing your own thing, but I've also played board games there.They have all kinds of teas there. They have specials every day in each variety, and they give you a pot of it, which is around 2-3 cups. You can also order a pot of any loose leaf tea on the menu. Or, you can buy loose leaf tea as well. My all-time favorite is the Panetonne. It's a black tea with vanilla and orange, and just the right amount of it too. I also really like their Green Tea smoothie, they make it with Maccha powder. They make grilled cheese sandwiches and have some biscottis and muffins.Great place, check it out!
5	My go to place to study!  They play great music at a volume where you can still hear yourself think.  It's almost never crowded, and the people that come there generally are reading or studying.  They have an amazing tea collection, with equally good food and even grilled cheese sandwiches (with the option to add tomato :) )  One of the walls has some cute benches that are padded, making it a perfect place to wrap your hands around your warm cup of tea and read a book.  I agree with Rachel C, I wish they had high tea, that would make it perfect!  The only drawback is that it's small, and there aren't a lot of places to sit.  If you are the mood to try a variety of tea, or just need a place to study/relax this is it!
4	Great selection of teas.  A very clean and comfortable space with nice plants.  Highly recommended as a place to meet a friend or to study.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The food is very good, although I mostly buy the tea.
4	Delicious green tea latte and tea mulled apple cider. Cozy atmosphere, generally quiet, would recommend for reading or studying and enjoying good tea.
4	This is my favorite place to go in Squirrel Hill. There's so many different drink and tea options, I have to keep going back to try everything! The atmosphere is really nice and chill too- perfect for reading, sketching, studying, etc. I only wish there were more pastry/dessert options, other than just tarts and biscotti. It may actually be a good thing (for my wallet) though... haha.
5	Perhaps one of the best tea/cafe experiences in Pittsburgh. Hands down, this place is off the charts. The ambiance, employees, and tea are the best in Pittsburgh. Their selection of tea is impressively large. The cafe is also a great place to study.
5	Certainly up there as one of my favorite spots in town to study.  The overall ambiance is very conducive to being productive: comfortable chairs, good lighting, a great selection of music at the appropriate volume, and of course the warm tasty beverages that are an absolute steal.  This place has the most robust hot chocolate lineup I have ever seen, with the Mexican chocolate being my favorite.  Free wi-fi, with no necessary password, makes things all the more convenient.  I also love how this place caters to those who want to study/read.  Sure light conversation does occur, but I hope it stays that way such not to detract from the great study vibe this place engenders.
5	Wonderful place to read, work and snap! Tea pots are exquisite. Every sip makes you want to cherish life more!
4	Te Cafe has an extensive selection of teas including dozens of green and black teas as well as a few other variations; you can also order coffee, hot chocolate, and pastries. In terms of ambiance, it is one of the coziest establishments that I have been in making it an ideal place to read, study, or complete some work. It's also a nice venue to meet up with a friend for a pot of tea and some quiet conversation. There are also some board games (including Chess, Backgammon, and Dominoes among several others)
1	I came in for the first time, sat down to setup my computer, and within 2 minutes had a server telling me that if I do not order anything I will have to leave. I'm not sure if I was being judged by the way I looked (wearing sweatpants and ratty t-shirt), or if this is standard practice. I was planning on staying and purchasing a drink, but found this treatment extremely rude and uncomfortable. Do not plan on returning.
5	The people who run this place are very friendly and the lemonade I had was really tasty. The place has a great ambiance. I plan on going back.
4	Aw, I love it. It looks like a really great study area. I would come here to study. Also they give you a pot of tea with free hot water refills. That would be perfect for studying. Also, the guy working there was really helpful with suggestions. And the place inside is just super chill.
5	The barista is really friendly and nice.  He'll bring your order to you.I enjoyed the tea timer that indicated the type of tea and when it was finished steeping!  The Bohemian Raspberry tea and pumpkin spice latte were delicious (the latter was much better than the Starbucks version).The atmosphere is cozy.
5	Went here with my girlfriend and really enjoyed this place. Great atmosphere. I'm not that into tea, but I had a couple cups from the pot my gf ordered and enjoyed it. We ordered 2 biscotti, a medium coffee and a pot of tea (which comes with a free refill) and it cost just over $7. The Barista was really nice and helpful.
5	I recently  moved away from Pittsburgh, but this is one of the spots I miss the most. I spent many hours here working on my thesis, but also many hours here just hanging out with friends or reading a book. The people who work there are very friendly and very patient. When I first started stopping in, I knew very little about tea, and they always took the time to explain different properties of each type of tea and were able to make thoughtful suggestions for things they thought I should try based on my current mood and goals for the day.One of the best parts of this place is the insane selection they have. I felt like there was always something new to try. I loved the hot cider in the winter.The space was almost always neat and clean, including the bathroom. I enjoyed the little flowers they kept on the tables, and the music selection was what you would hope for in a cozy little tea shop. The atmosphere is inviting, and only rarely would it be too crowded to find a place to sit. The wi-fi was much more reliable than other places in the area.I love this place! If I ever make it back to Pittsburgh, I'm going to make it a point to stop in. Keep up the great work!
5	I love buying a pot of tea and studying here. It's always quiet, there's a ton of outlets, and you can always get free refills of hot water. It has a great, relaxing environment. Their lavender lemonade is great as is their plum berry white tea. I wish they had more room. The one thing they can definitely improve upon is their bathroom. The toilet is almost always broken and it never seems too clean.
4	Te Cafe is going to be one of my favorite places in Squirrel Hill.  I feel it.So here is the quick summary:-  Loose leaf teas served by the cup or pot at reasonable prices!  Cups of tea were around $2, and I got a pot of peaches and cream tea for $4.01 with tax.  There is also free hot water so you can keep going!- If you are not a hot tea drinker, there was also iced tea, lemonade, and hot chocolate!-The sell grilled cheese sandwiches with pesto for $4.50 ish.  I don't remember the exact price, but I remember that the pesto grilled cheese was amazing.-This place gets packed with wifi hogs.  You've been warned.I really like the vibe of this place.  It's a good place to catch up with a friend or study, and I like that it's on the quiet side of things.  They only had about half of the teas on the menu when we went, but there were still at least 50 types.  I will definitely be returning here soon!
