3	New place, with Cambodian, Thai, and a few Chinese dishes on the menu. Nice decor, hasn't gotten much attention yet, so was rather empty. Server was knowledgeable, even though she admitted she is of Filipino descent. Tried the Chha Mee, was pretty good. Wasn't aware that Cambodian wheat flour noodles are similar to what we are used to in Ramen. Will try and return to get a better review.
5	New Thai on the Southside!  What a great surprise to see what appeared to be a vacant building suddenly open up as a Thai restaurant.  The decor is beautiful and everyone who works there is really nice.  I've already been there twice and plan to make this a very regular spot for lunch.   There are so many options on the menu, and everything I've had so far has been terrific.  Lunch specials are very reasonable- $7.95 for a nice sized entree with soup and spring roll.   Looking forward to my next visit!
5	Thai food is my favorite, so I am always looking for new places to try. I walked past this place a bunch of times on my way home, so I finally caved and ordered take-out for dinner.  I love spicy food, so I always ask to get my Pad Thai as spicy as it can be. However, some places never make it hot enough which is frustrating. This place definitely listened and made it exactly how I like it and the flavor was awesome. It was also a huge plate for only $11.00. The woman working there was also super friendly and even though I only got take-out, I noticed the pretty restaurant decor on my way out. Next time I am going to go to eat there rather than just get take-out. I would definitely recommend it.
3	I would have given this place more stars, but I thought the service just. Wasn't that good.  That's a deal breaker for me, especially since it wasn't all that busy.  However, the food was delicious.  We had the eggplant dish and shrimp with fresh ginger and pineapples.  The eggplant was good, but cut into these really large pieces.  This wouldn't have mattered if I had been given a knife to cut it up.  And our server was nowhere to be found.  So if I was basing this rating on the food alone, it would be 4 stars.  since its combined with the service, I give it 3 stars.
5	I've probably eaten at Apsara 10 times since they opened and have not had a bad dish. My favorites include the Haw Mook, the Coconut Lemongrass Soup with Tofu and the Saramann. They don't seem to have the dinner menu on the website but they are open for dinner, might want to call first at night because I've gone down a couple of times to find them closed. (Still sorting out hours of operation?)
4	Apsara Cafe is a very solid Thai/Cambodian restaurant and an overall fantastic addition to the offerings on E. Carson.  Unlike typical Thai restaurants, Apsara sets itself apart in that it also offers Cambodian food-probably one of the few places in Pittsburgh that has such an offering.  The actual restaurant is unlike that of the surround neighborhood: clean, neat, quiet, and somewhat romantic!  The service is friendly and timely.  Menu selection is robust; pricing is competetive with that of other Thai restaurants in the city.  We started our meal off with fresh spring rolls.  They were large, had plenty of tofu stuffed inside and came with perfectly crafted peanut sauce.  Very very solid.   For my main meal I ordered the Cambodian rice noodle pasta with Tofu, veggies and what appeared to be pad thai sauce.  Unlike traditional pad thai, the noodles were softer and larger.  The dish was fresh, tasty, and dare I saw somewhat more satisfying than a traditional pad thai. Overall the meal was great, the service was solid.  A few notable deficits: 1.) their hot sauce level request is absolutely pathetic.  When I ask for an 8/10, I expect my food to actually taste spicy, not sweet.  2.) why would you hide the chopsticks and make me request them?  Come on!  Beyond that, this restaurant is a great addition to the area and I highly recommend you check it out.  I was also intrigued to see that from Thurs-Sat, the restaurant is open until 4AM.  Something to consider...
4	Great addition to the South side! The spring rolls were fast and delicious. And the Pad Thai was great (a little heavy on the onions, but that's just me). The owners are wonderfully friendly as well!
4	Grilled beef short ribs. Dinner Only. A house specialty. Beef short ribs glazed with wonderfully crafted Apsara marinade. Served in a crispy basket filled with green papaya pickles, ginger and garlic.You know when you go to get crummy Chinese or shady pan-Asian at the grungy and run-down why-has-it-been-in-business-since-I-moved-to-town place around the corner and you know that what you're ordering will only end up being a poor reflection, a sad afterthought, an abhorrent attempt at replication of what you really wish you could order; yet you order it anyway, and everyone involved ends up slightly gassy and unfulfilled?Apsara Cafe's grilled beef short ribs represent what all of those awful places are attempting to emulate unsuccessfully.Usually, when I go to write a review, I like to browse first to see what other people had to say--so I won't say what's already been said (nice restaurant, nice atmosphere, okay service, blah, blah, blah). I agree with Rachel C. and wholly support her 2-star experience. However, I wonder if she tried the grilled beef short ribs.Apsara Cafe gets four stars because of the grilled beef short ribs and the grilled beef short ribs only. Frankly, I don't really care about anything else on the menu. It's all pretty tasty but at the same time fairly forgettable. Except for those grilled beef short ribs. Grilled beef short rib God came down from grilled beef short rib heaven and gave us His grilled beef short rib goodness through the grilled beef short rib preachings of the chefs at Apsara. I could waste an entire paycheck on multiple orders of them and only feel slightly ashamed.Seriously.
5	My co worker and I went down here for lunch and boy am I glad we did.  I had spring rolls soup and we each split the C6 and c12 on the lunch menu.Both are wonderful and the waitress was friendly, and efficient.The place looks like it will be pricey  from the outside but the prices are VERY REASONABLE.Highly recommended.
4	So after having a fantastic dinner at Cure early in the evening, my friend from college and I headed down to Carson St to check out the Saturday night life.  For some damn reason, I wanted to eat again at midnight, haha.  As we walked by Apsara Cafe, a little old Asian lady spotted us, and came outside to encouraged us to enter.  Being two AZNs (my friend and I), it's hard to walk away from an old lady promoting her food.  In case you didn't know, if you have little old Asian women, you'll usually get great food. Food (8.25/10) = So we pretty much just asked what she recommended.  Two dishes.  Chicken pad thai and chicken red curry.  Both winners.  Don't know how this place compares to other thai places in Pittsburgh, but this restaurant does serve delicious food regardless.  Surprisingly what impressed me the most was the clean crisp hot tea they served.  Usually the Asian restaurants serve the cheap tasting stuff, but the tea was probably the part of my second dinner I enjoyed the most, hah. Ambiance (9.0/10) = One of the nicest thai restaurant I've visited.  The decor is beautiful in my opinion.  The art work.  The figures of elephants and other animals surrounding the walls of the restaurant caught my attention.  Service (9.0/10) = old asian lady with hospitality.  Anthony Bourdain knows this.  He talks about it in one of the numerous episodes where he visits Vietnam.  Old smiling asian lady = hospitality = delicious food = like a second mother.Overall Opinion = I came here for a second dinner.  Why?  I still don't know.  I wasn't hungry.  I had dined at Cure early in the evening where I indulged myself in meat.  Was it the old smiling Asian lady?  Perhaps.  Bottom line is, the chicken pad thai, the chicken red curry, and the tea were Double D - Damn Delicious, even with having a full stomach of cured meats, haha.
1	I was so excited to try this place and then so utterly disappointed with our takeout order.  The pad thai was so dry.  I mean there wasn't a scrap of sauce to be found on those sad, barren rice noodles.   They also forgot the noodles in my fiance's CURRY NOODLES, and they put egg in the fried rice even though we asked for no egg (I'm allergic).  When we called to explain there were mistakes in our order, the girl on the phone didn't put us on hold but proceeded to discuss the situation with her manager very audibly, though somewhat muffled as she made an attempt to place her hand over the mouthpiece.   They asked if we wanted to exchange the food...as in return the wrong orders in exchange for the corrected orders...very odd since this is a restaurant, not a clothing store.  We drove back down there, got our replacement food but sadly that couldn't redeem our meal.   The food was just terrible.  The fried rice was really oily and chock full of red pepper flakes.  The crispy tofu triangles didn't, well, taste like tofu.  The crispy breading fell off them and then we were left with a really tough, chewy, McDonalds chicken-nugget-like blob.  I can't really explain it but it wasn't edible.Maybe I just don't have a refined enough palate for Cambodian food?Think I'll stick with Lin's Asian Fusion next time I want Carson Street Asian cuisine.
5	This place is great! I've dined in and gotten take out from them several times and have yet to order something I didn't like. My favorite has got to be the green curry noodles with chicken! I crave their green curry and order it pretty much every time I eat here. The short ribs appetizer is also delicious. I've had a variety of the items from their menu and was not disappointed by any of them!I went recently with a large group 8+ people. I called ahead and they had very nicely arranged the tables in the center of the restaurant to accommodate all of us. Plus, the staff was incredible. Our "waiter" was the owner and he checked on/chatted with us and even brought out his mother, the chef. It just made the whole experience even better knowing this nice family was running the restaurant together. I'm not sure why this place is empty every time I go in because it really is a wonderful place to eat! But at least you know you'll never have long wait times, like most places in the Southside.
5	This is actually a Cambodian restaurant and one of the most authentic Asian restaurants you will find anywhere. The curry is amazing. They roast their own herbs and create their own curry rather than simply mixing a powder or paste. They've got a number of more familiar dishes to appeal to the unadventurous but do yourself a favor and eat your way through the menu. The Cambodian family that runs this has had at least 3 other restaurants going back almost 20 years, and this is the one they have most poured their heart into. Don't confuse it with the Cambodian Kitchen next door (an unfortunate trick of geography) which sells Asian food and kielbasa...nuf said.
5	I LOVE Apsara Cafe. They have some of the best Thai food in Pittsburgh hands down and believe me I have taste tested a lot of Thai restaurants. My favorite is the green curry noodles. They put huge cuts of fresh vegetables in the delicious curry and its so flavorful without being too spicy. Perfect combination!
5	Got takeout for lunch here and it was delicious! I got pad thai and it was really good... Not too heavy on sauce, veggies were crisp and delicious, good amount of chicken. Inside was beautiful and bright. Not what I expected... It was very elegant looking. I'd like to eat inside sometime. It was totally empty though. I would hope around dinner time it might fill up a little...I love spicy food and usually order a 9 or 10 on the spicy scale as most places never make it that spicy. I got my pad thai at a 9 and it was almost too hot for me to handle, so order a few notches down from what you normally would. My noodle dish came with soup and a veggie egg roll. I picked wonton. Soup had one wonton in it and was just okay, but then again I always think wonton soup is just okay. Egg roll was tiny, like the size of my thumb, but I didn't mind because the size of the rest of my meal was larger than expected. Large noodle dish (plenty to split or have leftovers), soup, and an egg roll for less than ten bucks.  I'll order here again.
4	There's something about Cambodian Thai that I just can't shake and Apsara is my go to place whenever I need my fix. The portions are great and the food is consistently good. The spice level varies from visit to visit so be careful near the higher end of the spectrum, and while friendly, the service is sometimes slow. Try the red curry!
3	I had high hopes for the authentic quality of the place when I saw all the paintings of the Apsara goddesses and the earthy decorations. It is definitely a beautiful restaurant with a very calming atmosphere. Being there and seeing all the Apsara paintings made me nostalgic of my days spent in Cambodia. However, for a restaurant located in Southside, there wasn't much business. The service was wonderful and the food came out quickly. I ordered the curry noodle bowl with green curry. It was pretty much rice noodle and vegetables in a coconut curry sauce. The curry sauce was creamy and super tasty on the first bite, but I quickly got sick of the creaminess and could not finish my bowl. Also, the rice noodle was too mushy and overcooked. My eating companions got the pad thai and the pad thai fusion. The pad thai was a bit too bland and again the noodle was too mushy. The pad thai fusion came drenched in curry sauce, but the sauce was way too sweet. Overall, the food okay (I have had worst), but just okay (I also have had better). I'm only giving it three stars because it lacks that authenticity that I crave--less sugar and more fish sauce please!
2	Not pleased with the thai food. The dishes weren't nearly spicy enough, and there was nothing special about it the dish either. It was like every other thai place but this one was more expensive. I got the pad thai fusion with red sauce.  While the presentation was very impressive, the taste was nothing even coming close.
4	This was our first time here. Everything was delicious. My daughter and I both chose pad see ew,  mine spicy (I ordered a 7) with sliced beef, hers was vegetarian (not spicy, a 2-3). Both were awesome although I learned my lesson: I usually order a 7 at Nicky's and want it spicier. This 7 was way too spicy for me. I had to request a bowl of rice to cool my mouth. It was otherwise prepared perfectly and my daughter's mild version was spot on.The lunch portions were very generous and included a fried spring roll and soup. I chose the coconut lemon grass soup. It was exceptional. I could eat it everyday.  It was also pretty spicy but with a good sweet/hot burn. It was my favorite part of the meal. Lunch was very inexpensive: $18 for the two of us.Service was fine. Water kept flowing, plates moved off in a timely manner. I'll definitely go back.
2	Second visit, not nearly as impressive as the first. The food was still terrific but the cleanliness left something to be desired. My daughter shook her napkin and a little bug fell out. We sat in the window table and there were so many flies, we moved to another table. We discussed leaving but convinced each other to stay. Food came and was delicious but I'd still thinkcagain before going a third time.
4	I would give this place a solid 4 stars.  The decor is very nice and the staff is very friendly.  I have been living in the area since they opened and I must say the young gentleman that works their (seems to be owners son) is very professional and friendly.  I have come in on several occasions both during the day and late-night.  The food is always good.The only negative thing that I have to say is that my last few visits the food has been somewhat disappointing.  It seems obvious when the owner/cook is making the food.  There is a lot of room for improvement.  On this note, I used to always love getting their calamari.  It was always nicely seasoned, light and crispy.  But the last few times it has been bland, heavy and greasy.  :( The food here has a lot of potential and room for improvement.  I will still come back and recommend it to people.  But if I don't see improvements I will stop.
5	Service was good and dishes came out timely.  Carful when ordering the level of spice as they have three chefs with different scales.  Better to get a 5 and add to the desired level.  Can never go wrong with Panang!
5	This is great food... Not sure how it's not rated 5!!! I have a very ethnic pallet, and for a random walk in... I wasn't expecting much! I will now be a regular!!! Someone mentioned not spicy enough... Tell them u want the level 10!! And it's a guaranteed ear popping, sinus opening, mouth burner!!! These people have serious service, and authenticity!
4	I was not impressed with this place when they first opened about two years ago. I came with my cousin for lunch and thought the entire experience was mediocre and never felt impelled to return.. Until, a friend of mine told me they have pad Thai fusions......Yes... Pad Thai mixed with curry! What!!?!??! I had to return and try this magic! We came on a Thursday around 1- it was deserted. We sat at one of the cute tables right by the window, so we could people watch- naturally, it's southside. Our server was extremely friendly! I was very impressed with the fact that their lunch specials come with soup AND a spring roll. Pretty sweet! I ordered the lemongrass soup- delicious, baby mushrooms and tomatoes in a spicy broth- perfection! The spring roll was mediocre and was not served with a lot of dipping sauce, so I improvised and dipped the egg roll in the soup! Delish! As for my entree, I ordered the tofu pad Thai fusion of course! The curry that I mixed with the pad Thai was panang curry. Oh my goodness... So let me say, I've been to my fair share of Thai restaurants and I never finish my lunches, ever. I always have to take some home. This portion was large but I ate all of it! It was so good! The flavors were awesome ! Not spicy but packed with flavor! The tofu was not cooked the way I prefer- it was pretty squishy, but I notice that most restaurants do not know how to prepare tofu correctly. I will return for more of the Pad Thai fusion!
5	I love this place! I'm pretty sure I have been here at least once a week for the past 4 weeks. Their lunch specials are the best! Every lunch comes with a soup and spring roll! My favorite is an Apsara original, pad Thai fusion, it's pad Thai with your choice of curry, either Panang (my favorite) red, or green curry. Last night I got a season special, butternut squash coconut soup! It was AMAZING!! The waitress is so nice there as well, very attentive but not overbearing. I plan on trying the more adventurous selections next time! Last night we also got their calamari, light and crispy with a delicious dipping sauce. The calamari could have been bigger. It's also a great location right in south side, one of the few places with outdoor seating! Always my first choice for Thai! Would like to see it be more busy!
4	Elegant airy atmosphere with nice Thai/Cambodian nik-naks and golden Buddha statues here n there.  Some impressive paintings on the wall of Thai / Buddhist scenery .I had the coconut lemongrass soup which was on the small side, portion-wise but very delicious once it cooled down enough to sip ... i'd love to see them offer a bigger portion of it  than what they are currently offering... next, I had the fish cakes which were delicious with that peanutty/vinegar sauce that comes with them ... I could eat those everyday !   Then came the Pad Thai fusion w/chicken ... an impressive portion size (nothing bothers me more than Thai restaurants that are stingy on portion sizes and bring you a tiny plate of Pad See Ew or Pad Thai ... this one was a good amount of noodles on the plate ... Very tasty if under-stated (i'm sure they're so accustomed to "is it spicy ?"  "i dont want it too hot" from the wimpy Pittsburgh palate people that come in ... mine could've stood to be hotter / more intensively spiced... next time, I will ask for it to be hotter ...I look forward to returning and trying the other dishes on the menu, there were so many ...
4	The food here is really excellent, and a great value for lunch. They have a group of regulars, identified by sentences like, "I'll just sit at my normal table", or "I don't need to see a menu, I'll have the...."  Those of you who want something besides the normal bar fare should check this place out.
