5	On short notice once moved into a new house, I called Bryan and he was able to come over and install a few ceiling fans and some new switches to control them and the lights.  Even though some modification had to be done to the wall for the bigger switch he didn't leave a mess.  Laid down some drop cloths and cleaned up before he left... My rooms are cooler now and I'm happy about that... nice guy too!
5	I recently did some remodeling work in my living room- knocking out a built-in media niche, moving around the electrical boxes, and redoing the drywall. I called Selberg Electric to see if they could help with the electrical work. Bryan came out to my house and did the work quickly, allowing me to get the drywall finished that same evening. He left everything cleaner than when he started working and ensured everything was working before leaving.
5	Bryan has helped me on so many different occasions with electrical projects around the house. He wired up my air compressor, added outlets behind our TV in the master br and family room among other things. He is always on time, professional and get the job done quickly and correctly. I have called him on occasions with electrical questions and he has given me troubleshooting tips and suggestions before coming out to do a fix.
5	I can't believe my luck at finding Bryan Selberg.  What an amazing electrician and outstanding person.  I am not sure I can enough about this fellow.  One cool afternoon we tried turning on our tv and had some surge take place that fried our surge protector and caused power to go out in three of our rooms.  Nothing we could do would fix it....so let the calling began!Bryan spent about 5 hours in my attic - over two days - scouring around a bunch of old insulation (cough cough) and a maze of wires that made NO sense to the handyman who had also spent a couple hours up in the same attic and ---- much to our surprise ---- he found the problem with wiring and our home was fully operational.Then I drug him around and bet him a quarter he couldn't fix a problem we had with a shakey outlet and had him look at some open wires in the backyard (safety hazzard galore!)  He fixed both those things and with a bit of troubleshooting he found a dead fuse in a third unrelated problem that caused us not to be able to take bubbly warm soaks in our old, but cozy, spa.Then...well...I can't tell you what he charged us because he would become so crazy busy ...we would never be able to have him come back again - but it was ...less...much less...than I thought he would charge us.  And, he never collected the quarter I owed him!!When I am drinking wine by the spa and relaxing under the stars, it's Bryan's name I will be muttering under my breath...okay, his wife might read this...scratch that. :-)CALL BRYAN NOW.
5	Woo Hoo! We finally found an electrician who is awesome! I called Bryan the day my other electrician bailed on us with the job half finished. He came over that same day, gave an estimate (under bid what the other guy quoted), and said he could start right then and there if we wanted. We opted to have him come the next day. Bryan did in one day what the other guy couldn't do in three weeks! He was completely professional, the nicest guy we've ever met and totally honest, hard working and knowledgeable. Seriously...we love this guy! It is such a relief to know we have found someone we can rely upon, to do the job right the first time, and not stick you for an arm and a leg. Did I mention that he actually cleaned up the area when he was finished??? Our rooms were spic and span when he was done. I was stunned. He even did a few things that weren't on our list because he noticed they just needed to be done in order not to be a hazard.  What a guy! A total keeper.  We'll be telling everyone about Bryan for sure.
5	We went a little nuts with holiday lights this year for our company holiday party and no matter what kept popping fuses.  The day of the event got fed up with trying to figure the issue out and called our normal electrician.  He was too busy too help so I checked out Yelp, saw great reviews for Selberg Electric and gave them a call. I reached the owner Bryan.  After explaining our issue he even tried to help over the phone.  I was unable to get things working so he agreed to rush up to our house in the afternoon from about 40 minute drive away.  I was shocked he did not charge us a rush fee, travel fees and all the other fees our last electrician (who we won't be using again) charged us and what a great guy too.  He took the time to check all our outlets, power usage and figured out what our issue was.  He never took advantage of our situation and took the time to explain everything going on.  If you have any electrical issues I strongly recommend Selberg Electric.
5	Bryan did a great job installing an Ethernet cable in my home.  He returned all emails and phone calls promptly and arrived when he promised.  He cleaned up after himself , was very courteous, and gave me a great price.  I am going to have Bryan do some more work in the next few weeks.
5	I trust Yelpers. Their unbiased reviews reward good business owners in our community with free publicity. I've had run-ins with my fair share of bad contractors in the last two years. I bought my first house two years ago and it was a project to say the least. I needed an electrician the other day and I thought, "Instead of a phone book or Google banner why don't I try Yelp?" Yelp delivered. This kid is adorable. He showed up enthusiastically and on time when it was convenient for me. I even enjoyed his company. Him and I talked shop for an hour about small business marketing. His quote was unbelievebly competitive. He runs his business himself to ensure he can provide the best customer service possible and keep all his clients within arms reach. I highly, highly recommend him.
5	Lucky, lucky, lucky- I'm so glad I'm a part of the Yelp community! Selberg Electric is shockingly superb! I was very impressed with Bryan, owner of Selberg Electric. I sent him an email with my issue and he called me back a few hours later. We discussed the issue (dimmer switch broken in the ON position and starting to overheat) and he gave me the option to purchase my own part if I wanted to (since I did plenty of research on the issue before I called anyone). We scheduled the appointment for the next day. He kept in contact with me with followup calls before the appointment and was on time! The problem was fixed within 10 minutes! His prices were very reasonable and he was extremely professional. It's SO nice to have finally found a fantastic electrician.
5	I was recommended to Bryan from a friend, and now am recommending Bryan to my friends!I needed an electrician to assist me in creating a network closet.  I needed about 750 feet of CAT-6 ran throughout the crawlspace, needed two coax runs, a telephone run, as well as a power receptacle added.  He also added a new breaker!Also, while Bryan was there I showed him that I had mounted my LCD TV on the wall, but still wanted to hide the wires behind the wall, and he knocked that out for me in record time.  He even ran some speaker wire to the master bathroom!!After taking a look at the "aftermarket" cable and telephone runs that the previous owner and Cox had done, he volunteered to hide both of these lines in the wall of the garage, making a huge aesthetic improvement.He did all of this work without interrupting power to the house, and with as many electronic devices as I have, this was a major break compared to some of the other electricians we've had.I can't recommend Bryan enough.  He's a hard worker and has the knowledge to back up his work!!  Thanks again Bryan!!
5	I was recommended to Selberg Electric and Bryan by Chuck Reynolds, and couldn't have been more pleased with the experience. Bryan showed up to my house 15 minutes early, completed the work, cleaned up what little mess he had made and had our broken outlets and switches working in no time. Price was extremely fair given the work that was completed. I would recommend Bryan and Selberg Electric to anyone looking for electrical work/help in the Greater Phoenix Area.
5	I've been using Bryan's electrical services for years. He completely rewired our condo in order to put in a new washer/dryer, this required a new fuse box and heavy duty wiring. He's exchanged more outlets and light switches than I could count. He's done all the work on our new house, lighting inside and out, outlets, wiring, fan installations, not just all electrical but also random small and bigger jobs I was too frustrated to deal with, carpentry and some plumbing help! He's very handy, is always on time, never leaves a mess, his prices are highly competitive, and he will always go above and beyond for his customers! I trust him to the point that I gave him the house key, so he can get everything done even when we are not home! I highly recommend Bryan for any electrical work, small or big, home or larger office jobs!
5	Selberg electric is awesome.  I have used three different electricians since moving to PHX and Selberg is by far the best.  Bryan called me back quickly, came over at 5pm on a Saturday, completed the work THOROUGHLY.  Ensured the repair was completed all the way down the line and the best part, his pricing is the best I have ever seen in my years of home ownership.  You know how the saying goes, a good mechanic is worth their weight in gold, well so is a good trust worthy electrician and Selberg Electric is all of that.
5	Bryan recently did some work for me in a newly purchased historic home.  He was excellent!  He updated a fuse box with new circuits, raised a mast on our roof, cleaned up wires outside the home, added a 220 for our dryer and a few more outlets outside the home.  His prices were very reasonable, but even better Bryan was extremely professional, courteous,friendly, and honest.  When we were having problems with permits (and who doesn't have problems with the city) he came over twice in one day after he had finished his other jobs to do a last minute adjustment.  This may not seem like a big deal but it was 105 degrees plus, and he dug a trench and did some other work that the city required just so that it would be ready for inspection the next morning.  Excellent service overall.  Lots of practical solutions and I never felt like he was trying to persuade me to do something that was more expensive than I needed. No scams, great work, and he doesn't talk down to you like some people do.  I highly recommend him for any electrical work you need!
5	Can't believe I found an electrician on Yelp...but I did. Bryan is great...as good as it gets - capable, honest and with value. I had a meter box that went bad on my house...Bryan came out to look, had to search for part (stopped manufacturing) and had everthing take care of quickly and affordably. Thanks Bryan.
5	I don't even want to tell you how great this guy is, because he might get too busy to help me out. I needed someone the same day (almost impossible!) and he fit me in, and didn't drag out the "how will you pay" issue, like one guy I called who wanted my CC # before he'd even TALK to me! And he was really quick, fair, and besides, he's a really nice guy. I have already recommended him to 3 or 4 people in real life, and now to all my Yelp pals!
5	Selberg Electric is awesome! The reviews didn't lie. He came over within a 1/2 hour of my call and changed three circuit breakers for me. All for a very reasonable price. And he's a super nice guy! I highly recommend him!
5	I was referred to Selberg Electric and was very pleased with the work done. Bryan came over to troubleshoot some electrical issues and showed up on time, was professional, and was very knowledgable. I had multiple projects going on and he was able to get everything that i needed done and with a great attitude! I highly recommend Selberg Electric!!!
5	So I too like a few other people here found Selberg Electric on yelp...however the scope of my project was much larger than changing out switches, plugs, or lighting fixtures...  I was in the process of remodeling a 1956 home in Central Phoenix, including a full rewire, all new fixtures, and service panel replacement.  Initially in getting quotes that is all I was asking for however what we received with Bryan was that and more.  I called him my "electrical consultant" as many of his recommendations, knowledge of available products, and ability to conceptualize the functionality of our finished project really helped things come together in the end.  He was professional and timely, so no complaints there...additionally he was available/willing to meet/talk to the city inspector if issues arose, though none did...which I guess in itself is a testament to his work.
5	I contacted Byran based on reviews I found here on Yelp and couldn't be happier. We needed our hot tub wiring installed and were quoted by 3 other electricians that we need to upgrade our electrical box. Needless to say that was not the case and Bryan was honest and upfront about everything and explained exactly what needed to be done. Of course our electrical could be upgraded but it was not necessary to get the hot tub wiring installed. After receiving this news I amazed that we almost made a $2000 upgrade that wasn't necessary. I highly recommend Bryan - great rates, friendly, and honest.
5	I recently moved to Phoenix with my family from England and needed to get quite a few things sorted in the house - but who to call and who to trust!  Bryan was recommended by our realtor and did an excellent job for us in a very tight timescale - he was professional, quick and tidy.He offers excellent advice, guides you to the best solution and not the most expensive one - he is definitely a real find.We have several more electrical jobs to do and Bryan is already booked - i really do have no hesitation in recommending him to anyone - an excellent electrician and thoroughly decent guy.Just read these reviews - we cant all be wrong!
5	Bryan Selberg is amazing!   I had an issue about 8 months ago with my Breakers and Electrical Panel.  I called him and even though he was booked for the day, he managed to stop by on his way home. He looked at the Panel and was able to get my electricity working again.  I told him that at some point I would need to upgrade and replace the panel because it was original, and part of my issue is that my house takes on more load than the panel can handle.   He suggested several alternatives that would cost MUCH less than replacing the panel and also gave me a really great quote on replacing and upgrading the panel. Brian was polite, professional, and very reasonably priced.  When the time comes to replace my panel (when I can afford the project), Bryan is the only electrician I will consider.
5	Hard to believe - yet another 5 star review for Bryan. Showed up on a sunday on short notice -- did a great job. Highly recommend him and i'm sure we'll be using him on future projects.
5	Brian is such a nice, honest, fast working guy with good pricing! Highly recommend calling him! He did indoor and outdoor lighting at my house and put timers on lights I wanted.
5	Used Bryan's service after purchasing a new house back in July. Asked him to install a ceiling box for a ceiling fan. Extremely cool guy, very helpful, and excellent results. Even helped me with a couple of non-working light switch. Highly recommended and I will definitely call him up again.
5	Bryan came to help my wife and I fix an outlet that had broken. Originally he gave me detailed instructions over the phone but when I couldn't handle the work a few days later, he came over.His service was amazing! He's a guy who understands customer service and the value of it. He was pick, prompt and courteous. Quite honestly, this was one of THE BEST customer service experiences I've ever had... in ANY industry.I highly recommend Bryan and certainly won't hesitate to use him again.Thank you!
5	I needed to have a new dedicated electrical outlet for an appliance.  Bryan did an excellent job.  It's looks like it's always been there and the price was fair too.  Selberg Electric is my first choice for any electrical modifications or repairs to my home.
5	Bryan's the best!  He did a ton of work for us (replacing lighting fixtures throughout the house we just moved into), was very reasonable (came in right where he said he would - perfect quote), courteous, on time & diligent (got the whole job done in 1 day - a Saturday!).  I'd highly recommend Bryan & we'll use him again when we have electrical needs.
5	I don't normally write reviews like this but I feel compelled to highlight what a great electrician Brian Selberg is. He is prompt, reliable, and not only reasonably priced, but did an amazing job (above and beyond at every step). He not only did great work on a residental job for us, but he also gave us a great recommendation on cabinet work which saved us thousands of dollars! I HIGHLY recommend Brain for any of your electrical needs and will use him again.
5	Bryan installed a zero emission electrical car charging station for me that I had purchased from the dealer . He is quick and knowledgeable and enjoys his work and seams to enjoy new challenges. I would classify him as an electrical ninja. I won't hesitate to call him again in the future.
5	Really is the best, not much to say that hasn't been said about the guy. He's incredibly incredible, friendly and I wouldn't ever go with anyone else!
5	like others on this review, i must say bryan is one of the best. on saturday morning,dec 29,2012, i went to the refrigerator and found lights off and power down. in checking other appliances, i found the coffeemaker clock was out of sync.when i turned on the tv, it started a direct tv reset. checking the circuit breaker and other outlets gave no indication other areas were affected. one circuit was involved. i checked around and came up with bryans company on google and then yelp.com. in talking on the phone explaining the situation, he mentioned having seven more jobs that day and was leaving one already. said he could be here within about 15 minutes. showed up, traced the line checking each outlet and finally went to attic where a junction box containing the line showed wire nuts off wires causing a feed back through the lines. repaired it and we were back in business within the hour. and to top it all off, he was very reasonable in his price. thanks bryan. need more companies like you.
5	After seeing reviews on Yelp regarding Selberg Electric, I called them to set up an appointment.  Within 24 hours, Bryan called me to apologize for  not getting back with me sooner.  I thought that was phenomenal customer service!  He told me that his schedule was booked and even gave me the name of another electrician to call since he wasn't available.  I wish all repairmen were as thoughtful and consciencious as Bryan.  He's a keeper!  I will most likely give him another chance in the future.  Thanks, Bryan!
5	Bryan came over same day and bypassed a malfunctioning power limit unit which had disabled our heating while it was freezing outside. Very pleasant, explained what he was doing, fixed it quickly and made sure we tested all of the connections. Also a reasonable rate for that kind of service. Wouldn't hesitate to call again or recommend to others.
5	I had been working with an electrician that was so difficult to work with.  It aways seemed like the job was so big and so hard.  I can not believe I used them for so long.  After being tired of the complaining I searched for someone else and found Bryan.  He had so many positive yelp reviews I had to give him a try.  Wow, he is amazing!  He is so positive, knowledgable and fast!  And the real surprise, he was sooo much less expensive than who I had been working with.  His pricing is unbeatable.  I will forever use Selberg electric.  He always answers the phone, is always in a good mood and gets the job done.  Top notch!
5	I just spoke with the company about some shortages that I was having.  Very very honest and helpful and walked me through some separate scenarios.Most companies would just want to get a technician out in order to "sell you something" you may or may not need.
5	Highest praise for Bryan. If there were more stars, I'd give them. On-time, efficient, courteous, fair price, and other kudos.  Bryan is our go-to electrician.
5	In sudden need of an electrician, I found Bryan through the reviews on Yelp.   I called to explain my need and see how quickly he could come by.  After hearing the whole story he diagnosed the problem over the phone.  It was such a simple thing, but something I had not thought of, his words to me were...."try it and see if that fixes it, and saves you some money, if not, call me back and I'll be right out".  Sure enough, the problem was EXACTLY where he said it would be and easily within my abilities.  He saved me some money, and has now earned a customer.  Bryan, thank you!
5	My husband and I are so glad we found Bryan.  He is such a nice guy who is also professional and honest.After trying at least 3 other great names from Yelp (the ones with lots of 5 stars) and had no luck, I called Bryan and immediately knew that he could do the job.  Although he was busy at the time, he was able to give an immediate estimate of our project.  His price was so reasonable it was only half of what the other electricians quoted.  When he came to the house, he showed my husband and I how he could do all we needed for less than the quoted price.  AWESOME!!!!  We highly recommend Bryan!
5	Bryan Selberg is the BEST! We have used him on multiple occasions in the past , .... & YUP! , we keep using him ... because he's so good! He's honest, fairly priced, and gives quality advice, keeping the customer's best interest in mind at all times. Not only is he very experienced and competent, he has integrity ...hard to find in today's world. Bryan truly understands the concept of "customer satisfaction". We try to treat him like part of the family, and we've always been rewarded with a quality, first class experience. Shame on us for waiting this long to write a review! We highly recommend Bryan at Selberg Electric!
5	Hired Bryan to install 2 celling fans that needed wiring, he managed to crawl all the way to the corner of the attic to get the job done. Very professional, knowledgeable, I will call him for any challenging electrical issues. Two other companies had to visit the home to give a quote while Bryan was able to give an estimate right on the phone, his quote was in the middle of the other two. Glad i had Bryan do the work.
5	Great electrician . Will use them again in a heart beat
5	Bryan was great.  We recently remodeled our kitchen and needed a good but not too pricey electrician.  Bryan worked us into his schedule and offered thoughtful tips about layout and placement of lights, switches, the whole deal.  His price was reasonable and he was very reliable.  Called when he was running late and was on time if he didn't call.  Perfect!
5	While I was abroad, my adult son realized the garage door would not function.  He called someone who charged a service call and said it may be as high as $400. to fix the problem.  I got on my I-Pad, read the reviews for Selberg Electric, and had my son make the contact.Bryan just came, made an analysis of my problem within 5 minutes, changed the dimmer switch that the door was connected to,  the door went up and down, and he left without wanting payment.In a city the size of Phoenix, his integrity stands out on top- double the 5 stars.I will call him for some updating of my electric , and know I can't find a more honest and humble electrician anywhere.Many many thanks Bryan.
5	I recently had a terrific experience with Brian at Selberg Electric. I was in a pinch when another valley company canceled on my wife and I on the last days of our home inspection, and we found Selberg on Yelp. Although Brian initially informed me he was booked solid for the day, he promptly gave me the names of TWO other electricians he trusted.  Not many business would be willing to send you to competition let alone two other competitors! Well the other guys couldn't help me either, apparently good electricians are hard to come by on short notice! I called back Selberg and scheduled him for a couple days out. Brian was professional and punctual on the day he came out to estimate as well as when he came back to complete the work. Once completed, he walked me through exactly what had been done and all of his work was extremely thorough. I'm very satisfied with my experience with Selberg. Brian was friendly, professional definitely knew his stuff! His prices were very reasonable as well, I will be using him again to change out my light fixtures!
5	Brian (owner) was super professional, thorough and thoughtful and might be the nicest guy ever.  Highly recommend him and will definitely use his services again!
5	Selberg Electric lost $100 on me because of their honesty. I will definitely seek them out for my future needs.They quoted me $100 trip fee and for the first hour to come to my house in Buckeye. When I started to hesitate, they told me exactly what they would do if they came out and said to try that. If it still doesn't work, then call them back and they would be happy to diagnose my issue. Well, about 5 minutes of work fixed my issue and I never had to call them back. Because of their willingness to help for free over the phone, I will call them back when I am ready to rewire my garage.
5	So my dryer outlet started on fire the other night, fire department out and everything.  I don't even replace my own light bulbs, so when the fire department left and told me to get an electrician out to replace it, I scratched my head and thought, "what's an electrician?".  So I googled "Best Electrician in Phoenix" and this Selberg Electric pops up right away.  I doubt this guy will ever get a poor review.  He has to be one of the nicest, happiest, most efficient people I have ever met.  He walked in with the right supplies, fixed my dryer thingy in no time.  I asked him to look at a couple lights in the kitchen that were out, and was SO polite when he explained to me that I needed to change the light bulbs.  I giggled with delight as I tried to think of more electrical challenges that needed to be solved (now that I knew what an electrician was).  I now have light on my patio as well, after grilling in the dark for about a year and a half.  He went above and beyond, and really should consider charging more.  I even tried to give him more, but he refused.
5	We got Bryan's name from our lighting company a few years ago and we've had him over to do various electrical jobs for us including installing ceiling fans, moving several lines for our kitchen remodel, and he will be coming over Sunday to add new lines for our washer and dryer (since we are moving them).  He does good work and his prices are reasonable.  He also is willing to work extra to get the job done (he's coming over on Sunday!! because we need our lines before the appliances arrive).
5	Bryan is very knowledgeable, very efficient, very helpful and very focused on fixing the problem!!  My AC guy repaired a wire that had melted in my AC unit, but when it was turned on, the circuit breaker tripped.  The AC guy didn't know what else to do to fix it, because it was running within specs.  I called Bryan, based on Yelp reviews, and he did everything he could to help me diagnose and fix the problem over the phone - he was truly trying to save me the cost of a service call.  He had to come anyway and found that it was a very simple problem that was easy to fix, but the AC guy just didn't see it.  Will definitely use Bryan again!!!  Really, really nice guy who gets the meaning of customer service!
5	Bryan did a great job repairing an electrical receptacle for us.  He was prompt, friendly and incredibly easy to work with.  I'd highly recommend and plan on continuing using him for all electrical projects in the future.
5	I was looking for electricians on Yelp because I had an issue with a breaker at my house.  I called and had to leave a message.  They returned the message within 5 minutes.  Not only were they super quick to respond to my message but they actually fixed my problem over the phone and didn't charge a thing.  I will use Selberg electric for all my future needs.  The man I spoke with Ryan was also super friendly and totally made my day.
5	I am so glad we were referred to Selberg Electric.  We own a few properties and we will definitely use Bryan again.  He was just great and the price was great too.  Highly recommend him!
5	We had an electrical scare last night and couldn't get ahold of the electrician that had been referred to us, so my husband checked Yelp and i'm so glad we found Bryan! He answered us right away and was able to come out later the same day. He was super friendly and professional and had our problem fixed in no time! It definitely puts our minds at ease knowing that we now have a go-to for any future electrical needs!
5	I seriously could not have had a better experience. Bryan was prompt, friendly, professional, and efficient. My only complaint was that he should have charged me more (seriously, he was way less expensive than I would have been happy to pay).
1	Slow to respond, difficult to get a hold of. I think the yelp reviews have overwhelmed him. He responded to my first contact but not my second. Seems to have blown us off, it has been 8 days since our last contact and he has yet to even set a timeframe for an estimate. I have been kept waiting too long. Unfortunately I have to go with someone else now to get my work done.
5	I could not have had a better experience!  Friendly, prompt, knowledgeable, fair price, A+ and will definitely use again!
5	Bryan Selberg is an excellent electrician and ever higher caliber professional business owner and operator. He was incredibly helpful through an entire home re-wiring of our 1930s historic home. Pricing was competitive and his attention to detail was superb. His entire crew was also top notch. I would (and have) recommend Bryan for any electrical project.
5	Our pool electrician had finished wiring our pool equipment, left, and afterwards we found that we could not set one of the breakers. We called him and he said he would come out to fix it the next time he was in the area. That was over a week ago. We called Bryan and he set an appointment for the next day. He called before arriving to let me know that he would be there earlier if I would like, and of course I said yes. When he arrived, he took one look at the work, saw what was wrong, and immediately fixed our spa heater issue. The other electrician had put in a $100 breaker that would not work, and Bryan replaced it with a $9 breaker that did work. I was able to return the breaker,  get a refund, pay Bryan, and had enough left to take the family to dinner. There will never be another person to touch our breaker panel as long as Selberg Electric is around.
5	What a joy to find an honest reasonably priced electrician!  They were prompt, efficient, and cleaned up when they were finished!!!  I would use them again in a heart beat.
5	We love this guy he has done all our electric in our home.He helped us figure out were to put all our lights so it would make the most sense.I will only use Bryan and would recommend him to all my friends family and my customers.He is clean on time and honest.Not to mention a top notch Electrician.
5	Selberg was as advertised. Bryan did a quick re-wire job In my garage and fixed a long time small electrical Issue ive had. Bryan was probably the most friendly contractor Ive ever met and far exceeded my expectations in all areas of my transaction with his business. Now I see why Selberg had an amazing reputation. Highly recommended if you need a dependable electrician.
5	I recently purchased a home that had a bunch of minor electrical issues that needed to be resolved. I sent Bryan Selberg my full home inspection report, and he gave me a quote. When he started working, however, he discovered that there was a lot more work needed than the report indicated. The job ended up taking Bryan and another employee about 11 hours over the course of three days. Nevertheless, Bryan stuck to his quote, completed the work so my home is completely up to code, provided lots of helpful advice, and cleaned up after everything was done.Really outstanding, can't recommend highly enough.
5	Bryan removed and reinstalled my breaker box. I contacted him after reading all the great reviews. He was extremely helpful in setting up my permits as well as coordinating srp and the city. He gave me an estimate well below all my othe estimates,  so I have admit I was a bit leary at first. However, he showed up early to do the job finished early got the inspections signed off and still came in under his estimate.  So if you want a reliable, honest, budget friendly eletrician, call Btyan, you won't be disappointed.
5	Called Selberg Electric to come out and look into an ongoing issue we had been having with multiple outlets in home. Bryan was in the area and able to come out same day. He arrived on time, was courteous, professional and best of all, found the problem and repaired it in short order. The cost for repair was extremely reasonable. I will use Selberg again and recommend at any opportunity. Well done!!
5	Courteous and professional. Need I say more? I had to call him to remind him about the text I sent him but he was apologetic and scheduled me right away. Gave me suggestions on different things that I had questions about. Will be using him soon again for a bunch of stuff around the house.
5	Unfortunately, I wasn't able to hire Brian due to my timeline, but still wanted to provide a review, since I found him extremely professional. He showed up on time for the estimate, Price was very fair, and he provided me a few other ideas that I hadn't thought of, that would be less obtrusive for what I wanted done. Nothing that would cost me more money, just more aesthetically pleasing. I would have definitely hired him for the work but needed it done this week and unfortunately he was booked already. Will call again.
