4	Reid's is a convenient uptown lunch place with a veritable cornucopia of options and food choices. The prices are a little steep for what you're getting, but they're pretty competitive with today's rising prices.There's a hot meal station, a custom sandwich counter, sushi made daily, coffee shop, soup & salad, wine bar, and a mini grocery to boot. The best part is the FREE parking in the deck next door. That's right, if you go to Reid's, you can park for free on the first floor of the deck (spaces marked with signs) right by the elevator.Outdoor seating with great people watching coming on & off the Lynx.
3	Reid's is a local grocery store, with a little cafe attached. If I were to work in the area, I'd probably frequent this place quite often.The prices did seem a little pricier than your normal grocer, but you'd kind of expect that from this location. It's located on the bottom floor in 7th Street Station parking garage & borders the light rail. They have several sets of tables & chairs for eating lunch on a nice day.I did a quick walk through the store & this really is a full grocery store, having everything you'd need on a shopping trip. They may not have a huge variety or assortment of things, but they have every type of item you'd find in your local large grocer. Also, they have a large wine selection, 2 aisles worth. I'm no wine connoisseur, but they seemed to have a good selection from low end to high end.Reid's is really a nice little, local grocer that has all of your needs in the food department. They also serve up some lunch but I haven't had any so I can't speak to that. If I were to work uptown, I'd definitely check this out more often & pick up some goodies here.
4	It's a little snooty and fancy, but if you're in the mood for snooty and fancy, it's the place to be. The little cafe is a great place to stop for lunch if you work in the area. When I'm working uptown, it's one of the places I hit up most frequently. It's nice to sit outside and watch the crowds bustling by. The hot bar is nice. I always spend too much money, but it's good food. It's also kind of nice to be able to pick up some fancy-pants groceries while stopping in on a lunch break. I like looking forward to dinner while I'm at work, and stopping at Reid's always means that there will be something promising to look forward to.
4	this place is fun because it is on the light rail line.   things here do tend to be expensive, but i will say the sushi is yummy and normally priced.  the tizerts cakes are so delish i would eat them until i died.
3	If you're searching for specialty foods, check out Reid's at Seventh Street Station. They've got a great selection of wines as well. Their cafe also a good option for lunch if you work nearby. I'd suggest having a glass of wine there and sitting outside, watching the light-rail train go by. If you're not usually uptown much, you might not think to go to Reid's. But if you shop there, they validate your parking stub for Seventh Street Station, eliminating one of the hassles of going uptown.
4	Reid's is a fun little market where you can find eclectic grocery items that you might not find anywhere else.  It's fun to browse the few aisles to see what else is in the world out there besides what's offered in your local Harris Teeter.  The only bad thing is that the pricing is a little higher than I usually like to pay, but it's fun to splurge every once in awhile.  If you're hungry, grab a small bite at the cafe or hot bar and sit indoors or outdoors (and watch the lightrail pass by).  Again, prices are a little higher for the basically self-serve food items, but sometimes you've just gotta support your local non-chain markets.
4	fun little market, has everything, easy parking nice food, small produce, but where it really excels, as im sure you all know, is the meat counter. they actually have a butcher, one who knows about meat, and the cuts.  every one who thinks its more expensive, it isn't.  Harris Teeter drive me crazy in this city, but thankfully between Trader Joes, Reids and Fresh Approach, its working out.
5	You will be sorely missed! An icon of Charlotte. And at one point the only market in Uptown!
