1	Picked this dentist because they had Saturday apptointments.   Made an appt for 2 1/2 mos away, because they only were open 1 Sat a month, the Friday before my appt I get a call to cancel my appt, the dentist couldnt work this Sat!!!  Why offer Saturday visits, if the dentist wont work on Sat?!?   I figure if he is making enough money working mon-fri he doesnt need my business!
1	It's official... they are after the dollars!  I want to say crooks but it may be too harsh.My husband and I went to Smiles of Beauty for 2 years but got fed up with all the phone calls and what seemed to be bogus procedures that insurance didn't pay for.   There were numerous talks in a closed office about our additional financial responsibilities above and beyond insurance.  They mainly targeted my husband who on a couple visits they told him had cavities which he hasn't had in 15  years.  Most recently  telling him that they wouldn't even clean his teeth because he needed a deep cleaning laser procedure immediately (which wasn't covered by insurance).  My husband set up the appointment but due to  a business appointment he had to reschedule.  The lady in the office called me to tell me how serious his condition was and to make sure I get him in ASAP.  Well, that didn't feel right so he went to my new denist, Dr. Garrett.  Guess what... his teeth are GREAT and no cavities.  There were no "deep pockets" and it was a pleasant visit.In my opinion the dentist isn't my favorite place but when you mix that with them making you think your teeth are going to fall out, it's even worse.  Steer clear my Yelp friends!
1	Been going here for 3 years for cleanings, everytime, they "find" something.  Havent had a cavity since I was young, didnt feel anything but appartenly I had one, they drilled, drilled, and drilled on what was called a "small" cavity, and 3 weeks later I still can not chew on that side of my mouth, and will be going in for the 4th time to try to fix.  Let me point out I never felt any pain in this tooth before! They charge above and beyond what the insurance pays, and I feel like I am going to finance a car with the seperate room and the pushy office staff.  Good news, with this painful tooth ache, I've lost 5 lbs, maybe they should go into weight loss business!
1	Crooks, fake and phony!!!! Between my husband and I we paid over 8000 in work, to only have to have it redone a year later because it wasn't done correctly. My crown fell out less than a year after because there was no tooth left because they did it uncorrectly. My husband had a ton of work done that didn't need to be done and it "wasn't" covered under the insurance even though they were billing both of our insurance companies for it!! Please stay away for your own good.
5	I recently went to this office after my wife made me an appointment for a deep cleaning.  She was not happy with the service of the corporate office that I went to in the past.  This is a privately owned office with a great, knowledgable staff.  They are caring to my needs and understood my financial limits.  I also had 3 cavities that I had conveniently fixed later that week.  The office is modern with up to date technology.  I felt like I got the best dental care possible.  I also liked that some of the staff is from the mid-west like myself -Illinois.  I would definitely refer my friends and family to them.
5	After moving to the area  I put off my dental care for a few years until a friend referred me to Smiles Of Beauty.  These people- were my kind of people.  They truly care about  your  needs.  They are persistent because they care,  that is their job.  They do not sugar coat your situation while being in no way rude or unprofessional, honesty is a rare thing. They politely explained to me my treatment plan, the cost and other options that were available to me. I needed something called a deep cleaning and was somewhat embarrassed of my teeth. They thoroughly explained the procedure and why it was necessary.  I was somewhat upset and their friendly staff reassured me that their is always a solution.  It was more costly of course but I consider it an investment on myself.  Their entire staff was eager to answer any questions that I had.  I felt like they cared and will remember me on my next visit and not just another number or dollar amount.  I could not have been more satisfied with my visit and I will continue to use them in the future.
