5	This place is great, Michelle does an excellent job cutting men's hair, and I only trust her to cut my difficult thick head of hair. Very few stylists are able to cut it the way that I like, and I trust her every time, and I get constant compliments. I've seen many of her women clients and they all love their cuts and colors. She always makes highlights look natural, and does a great job delivering the type of cut you came in wanting.
5	September 29 UPDATEI had to schedule with a new stylist today as my normal woman is gone.I was VERY happy with the change.  LACEY is talented...and a Hottie.  I received probably the best cut of my life.I highly recommend TooHotties.Too Hotties is a great salon.  I visit every two weeks.Too Hotties offers very cool ambiance, including leather lounge chairs and a full size pool table.  Three flat panels provide all the video entertainment.From what I've observed, the staff is talented at both cut and color.I highly recommend Too Hotties.
5	So this is the 3rd try since coming to Vegas, and Bammmm!  Finally, someone that can do a fade correctly.... I ama sooo hoppppy!and a pool table to boot?  Who does that?  Tiff and all the gurls are cool, refreshments served..... and grab a samich or some cookies next door when you're done!Check it out....
5	Walked in to have a haircut and I had the privilege of having Deanna working on my hair. She's friendly and does a darn great job on cutting hair. My hair is fairly thick and it's hard to find a stylist that could make it turn out how I want it. I'll definitely come back to this place because I finally found the "GO TO" place for an excellent haircut. Try this place..you won't regret it.
4	I tried this place for the first time last weekend.  The package deal for $35 is hard to beat especially with a cold beer.  Lacey was friendly and did a good job.  I like to go to different shops but will try this one again.
4	I was in Las Vegas for an extended stay and needed a place to get a haircut (for some reason, the only time i find to run these kind of personal errands is on vacation now). Anyway, I was staying up at the hard rock hotel on the strip but a quick yelp search revealed some places with good reviews in the vicinity, and since i had access to a car i didn't mind making the quick 6 mile drive down to this spot. Too Hotties was open on a Monday which was key, since who has time to take care of this stuff on the weekend when you're douching it up vegas style? ok, so i got to the spot and thankfully was able to walk in without an appointment. i got Lacey, who was kind enough to put up with my self aggrandizing stories of my vegas shenanigans and give me an awesome haircut without carving a warning message into the back of my head with her scissors. At any rate, the great haircut for a great price that I got in Vegas came home with me, proving that what happens in Vegas does not always stay there and that people should be less gullible about that. Thanks Too Hotties, for making me a (tiny bit closer to being considered a) hottie, too. Holla!
5	This place is awesome. All the ladies were so nice and Leslie is an amazing stylist. I love my new do :)
5	What a great place. I called for an appointment that day and got in at the last minute. My appointment was at 6:30p.m. but I had to wait 30 minutes but t was well worth it. April was my stylist and she did an awesome job. I love my cut and will go back for highlights, etc. -- Thanks April, thanks yelp!
5	nice service. nice specials. while you are waiting they serve cold drinks including beers, there is a pool table you can practice, there is one of these massage chairs and many good updated magazines. there are more services beside a great hair cut you can get here such as tanning beds. by the way, some how all the girls are super hot working here.
5	my hair stylist is leslie which i forgot to mention in my last comment. shes really good and she knows what shes doing. I was hesitant to trust anyone with my eyebrows as I have had the same stylist in Laguna for 8 years. I am a guy who tries to be clean and i take care of myself as much as i can but at the same time i def try to look manly. if you are a guy and you need to get your eyebrows fixed but you dont want it to be obvious that you got them done and dont want anyone to be able to tell def go to her. she gives good hair cuts as well. she is a stylish, hip beautiful young lady herself so when you explain to her what you want she knows exactly what you are talking about. I am one of her regulars and i recommend her 100%.
5	After trying a few other places in this part of town, this is where I will call home. Very modern and laid back feel as soon as you come in. A pool table and t.v.'s to pass the time as you wait. I was offered a drink right away (water, juice or beer) and the place was really clean. My stylist was able to give me a proper fade in no time at all and was very personable during the process. I also found out they give a decent military discount. Close to my houseMilitary discountCheaper than others in the areaOpen till 8 during the weekQuality cutSold!!
5	This has been the only place for a haircut for my husband for over a year now.  After 3 years of horrible haircuts and resulting to me shaving his head every other week, we gave too hotties a try.  What a great place and friendly staff.  Make an appointment if possible because they are usually busy.
5	Tiffanie Bonaventura has been my hair dresser for over a year now and I love her. She is great. I don't wait longer than five minutes,.. she always greets me with a beautiful smile and shares her love in every cut. Love you girl... keep up the great job. Oh I am fussy and she take care of me.
1	Was looking for a place to get just a simple hair cut, read some reviews about this place and sounded pretty good, so I decided to try it out since it was also close to home......but oh my god what a waste of time & money!! I got totally ripped off, they charged me $70 for a simple hair cut that I usually get for $30 or less anywhere else!  My hair was not very long, I have very little hair and it's very thin, so cutting my hair it's piece of cake for any stylist. I'm truly professional so I decided not to complain about anything and just pay what they were charging me, but to be honest I could've done a better job! Also the front desk had an attitude when I mentioned to them I wanted to do another method of payment. Will never go back or recommend anyone to this place. Not even on the strip they charge that much for just a simple cut on someone with my hair type.
5	Walked in to Hottie's based on a yelp review was greeted promptly and was in Jannah's chair getting my hair cut within five minutes! Fantastic cut and fatastic service! Highly reccomended!!
5	I love Jessie !!!! She is a great stylist , so  cool fun and charming . I been to Hotties and gotten my hair done with other stylist , but no one is like her . Come check her out !!!!
5	I always go here for my haircuts.  Very good customer service, timely appointments, and did I mention all the girls who work here are super cute.  Last cut done by Jesse, great job!
5	Thank you so much Tiffanie!  I love my hair and eyebrows!  Super friendly place.  I was in and out of here quickly and the prices here are quite reasonable. I'll definitely be returning!
5	This review is for Tiffanie: She is the best.. check her out and tell her I sent you. She is a kindred soul with a healing touch. Tiffanie Bonaventura has been my hair dresser for over two years now and I love her. She is great. I don't wait longer than five minutes,.. she always greets me with a beautiful smile and shares her love in every cut. Love you girl... keep up the great job. Oh I am fussy and she take care of me.
5	They have a pool table, what more do you want? Oh they also give great haircuts. They offer drinks, although I have never partaken. They have a great staff. I recommend, even if there is a wait no biggie (See the first line of this review)Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	The staff is always friendly and more than helpful.  I think a bit pricey for such minimal requests, but that I can handle.  The inconsistency in pricing kinda sucks.  I got charged $80 for a color once, then $110 the next time for the exact same thing.  Oh well, I loved the chick that did my hair (Jannay)and she was friendly and personable and just a delight to talk to for a couple hours.  I'll be back for sure.
5	Excellent service, friendly staff, Tiffanie is the bomb.
5	Just moved to the area. I was very skeptical to see a new stylist for months! Hairstylist, SEKELIA, cut my hair and I LOVE IT! My hair is long with layers and I am very specific in how I would like my hair cut. She was right on, gave no hassle and knew exactly what I wanted. I'm happy to say "I found a new stylist in Vegas! Woohoo!!" =) Thank you, Sekelia. I will see you in several weeks!!
5	Long overdue review for this place.  Jannah is awesome!  We've been coming to her ever since we've moved to Henderson.  She has been cutting my hair as well as my son.  My wife has recently gotten a cut from her as well.  She does an outstanding job and are always pleased with the results.  It's so difficult to find a hairstylist when you move to a new city but we found a gem in Jannah.  We will be sad when we move back to Cali.
1	Hot? uh, NOT!.... I am very disappointed in the results from my recent visit, which by the way was because of all the positive reviews I read. This salon was dirty and I should have gotten a clue because I was the only customer in the place. The person who cut my hair was very unprofessional and stank of musty cigarette smoke. She attempted to give me a "one size fits all" haircut which left my hair a mess even after I was very specific in what I wanted. Do yourself a favor and DON'T GO HERE!!
5	The place is professional and laid back. The stylists seemed a bit rock n roll with tattoos and piercings. I was a little skeptical when I walked in, because I made an appointment off of yelp reviews. I didn't go in with a picture in mind of how I wanted my hair to look and I left my hair in the hands of a stranger. Well, I just got my hair cut by Jessie and I LOVE it! I normally hate when stylists blow dry my hair after a cut because I have naturally curly, wavy, thick hair. When it's blown dry it usually frizzes big time. I guess none of my previous stylists cared to do it right. Jessie took the time to work my curls with the round brush and blow dryer, which I have never tried to do. I could have cared less about my hair before today because I thought I was just born with crappy hair. I didn't know that my hair had "cute" potential. Needless to say, I was excited to flaunt my new hair around town afterwards!
1	After looking at several reviews about this place I decided to try them out. So I called one day and asked if I could make an appointment for the next day for a specific time. We agreed on a time, and since it was my first time here I told the girl who was booking the appointment it didn't matter who cut my hair but that it is important my hair gets cut at the appointment time that was set because of my extremely busy schedule. She told me it would be no problem and I was set to go.I show up the next day excited to get my haircut. I get there four to five minutes before my appointment and let the receptionist know and I take a seat. She asked me if I wanted a drink and that it would only be a few minutes. I notice there were two hair stylist's working and both were in the middle of cutting another clients hair. About fifteen minutes pass and one of the stylist's finish with their clients haircut. The next thing I know she starts quickly cleaning up and starts packing her things. She completely ignores me and walks out of the salon when she knew I had been waiting now at this point twenty minutes past my original appointment time! I get no status from the receptionist. I continue to stay calm and think ok my time is running out before my next business appointment but I still have some time so I wait for the next hair stylist. At this point it is now thirty five minutes past my appointment time! Finally a few minutes later the only hair stylist left is finishing her clients haircut. I think to myself just in time. THINK AGAIN! The next thing I know someone sitting in the back quickly gets into her chair, and the only stylist left starts cutting this persons hair. I get no acknowledgement from the hair stylist or the receptionist!!! I felt like I was invisible. This was one of the worst experiences of customer service and professionalism ever!!! At this point I was furious. No haircut, a waste of forty five minutes, and a clear view of how this place conducts business. I guess the first girl didn't want to make some extra money? Because I was ready to give a big tip. I was looking for a new person to cut my hair since my old stylist is no longer in the area. If you believe in being punctual, professional, and good customer service this IS NOT the place to go! If you want a drink, and to play a game of pool and maybe get your haircut within a two hour time frame then you found your place. But I can go to a bar for that, minus the two hour waste of time hoping for a haircut. I would never recommend this place to anyone and let everyone know how horrible this place was. I am not the type to complain like this, but this is noway to run a business if your trying to win new clients and possible referrals from that client.
1	I never received an email from the person who runs this salon. And yes I was a potential customer. How would I have all those details. Just another way of not taking responsibility, to say I was not your customer. Please you could have looked at the record book for that evening and got my phone number and called me. Again worst customer service ever at this salon.
2	I went in for a simple trim. They get an extra star for offering me water.If you're Asian and used to getting your haircuts with Asian styling - AVOID AT ALL COSTS.This lady cut off 1 1/2 more inches that was necessary because she didn't know what layers was for Asian hair. By the time I got to tying up my hair I'd realized the hair cut was as if she was just chopping it off for a donation to Locks of Love.I had to go to Beauty2Beauty to get it fixed.They have a nice atmosphere in the salon and would encourage everyone who doesn't care for the style of cutting to go - but ASIAN FEMALES, AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
5	Move in town 4 months ago. went through three haircuts terrible. until I went to hotties haircuts.Jannah trimmed my hair straightened is out.  awesome job she is the one for me. I recommend this place 100%
4	Very accommodating salon. Jessie is a good stylist and I would highly recommend her.
5	I like to keep my hair long, so I only need them a few times a year.  Same with my teenage daughter.  We've both seen a few different stylists over the years and all of them have been great!  Their knowledgeable and up on current styles.  Each time we leave there feeling like movie stars.  Thanks ladies!  See you soon!
4	Had an issue with hair color and Will, the owner went above and beyond to correct the problem.
5	Want a great haircut. Go to Tiffany!!! She rents the private room in back. She has been the only one who has ever cut my step daughters hair for 7 years. She does amazing work & has great ideas of would work best for your face shape & hair type. She's great & the rest of the staff is very friendly & welcoming as well.
5	This place is great!   Friendly service and experienced hair stylists.   Free water and beer.  Pool table inside while waiting, but never used it because I've never waited.    Easy to make appointments.  They even have a tanning booth!
5	I am LOVING my haircut. I usually get bad anxiety about getting my hair cut & put off my appointments, because of a fear of getting my hair "hacked". My mom used to cut my hair, so I guess I've been a bit spoiled.... Anyways--Summer is here in Vegas & I couldn't stand the long dry ends on my neck any longer. Made an appointment a day before, which was super convenient. The environment is very chill, good music, & even a pool table for waiting clients. Barely any wait. My hairdresser was Sekelia & she was wonderful. I showed her a picture, she asked a few questions & went at it! She absolutely NAILED IT. Highly recommend her! THANK YOU!
5	I just moved in town and I found hotties Hair Salon Melissa was my stylist she was wonderful did exactly what I asked her to do my hair turned out fabulous I'll always go back there and Melissa is very kind very experienced stylist it's great attention to detail and caring for the customer way to go Melissa
