4	We like this supermarket - close, convenient, and actually well-stocked! Seafood and meats are fresh, and for a supermarket, it actually has a fair amount of specialty items.  Fruits and vegetables are of excellent quality, and they have a large organic section, which is nice. Probably the biggest "perk," however, is the fuel discount you get at GetGo. That, and the quality food keeps us coming back for more!
5	I love this grocery store. Excellent selection of organic produce, a lot of prepared foods, nice salad bar, a decent amount of ethnic groceries separated by style/country, and a great butcher. The cuts of meat here are better than most grocery stores in the area. The only better quality I've found is at Whole Foods, but you pay the price for it! The cashiers are overall friendly. I also frequent the pharmacy and the staff there is very efficient and helpful! Also, there's a Starbucks in the store! Nice touch. :)
4	I personally believe that this is one of the nicer GE in the area. For some reason the inner-city ones seem dark and dingy. Also, I was at the Waterworks last month and they are renovating this to make it a Market District. If you don't know, now you know ;)
2	UGH. I don't know why Pittsburgh has allowed Giant Eagle to basically have a monopoly on groceries in this city. Yeah, sure, we have some smaller niche grocers and a few low-cost players that have moved into town recently, but let's face it -- in the all-encompassing big supermarket space, there really is no true competition. The market pretty much belongs to Giant Eagle. What I wouldn't give for Wegman's to expand into the Burgh...but I digress.Limited competition means that Giant Eagle stores can be consistently subpar and people will shop there anyway. Ok, so to be fair, this Giant Eagle isn't among the worst locations as far as Giant Eagles are concerned -- the South Side and Squirrel Hill locations that I used to frequent take that honor. So I'll give this location an extra star for not being the suckiest of a sucky chain of stores. But even this supposed 'nicer' Giant Eagle still doesn't cut it in the grand scheme of supermarkets.My main beefs? First and foremost (and this applies to all GEagles) -- the prices. The prices are downright insulting. Yeah, yeah, sometimes they have sales (oh boy, how nice of them!), which take their sky-high prices and bring them down to what most other grocery stores would charge on a normal day. So I hope that your shopping list contains nothing but items on "sale," because otherwise you're out of luck. Second, this location seems to consistently be out of stock of basic items every time I come in here. Just yesterday I went in for two things -- baby spinach and sandwich wraps. Two things. And BOTH items were out of stock. I'm sorry, I know that it's the weekend and it's busy, but how about you try to keep up with demand? Is that too much to ask? This is not the first time I've gone in for just a few items and have left without them because the shelves were empty. For a store the size of Giant Eagle, I expect more.Third, I've personally had issues with meat quality here. Specifically, I've found their Nature's Basket chicken breast to be consistently tough and stringy -- almost inedible. The first time, I thought maybe I just got a bad batch. The second time, I started to get suspicious about the quality. And the third time (several weeks later) when it still had the nasty texture issues, I vowed to never buy chicken there again (and I haven't). As a dubious ex-president once said, "Fool me once, shame on me. Fool me -- you can't get fooled again."Lastly, I've had some really poor customer service experiences at this location. For example, the latest instance came about a month ago. When we went to check out, my hubby put his basket on the conveyor belt without emptying it. Now I used to work at a grocery store when I was a teenager, and I would get frustrated when people were too lazy to put their items on the belt. It's annoying, I get it. I really do. But my hubby didn't know any better. And when this would happen to me as a cashier (which was often), I would smile and take the items out of the basket one by one and scan them (albeit secretly cursing the customer in my head). But Kayla, our cashier? She gave a pissed-off sigh, rolled her eyes....and then literally took the basket, held it pointedly up about a foot or two over the belt, and deliberately dumped it upside down so everything came crashing down at once. We had some fragile things in there (strawberries, blueberries, and eggs) that were damaged from the impact. Completely unacceptable!Sigh. I have countless additional stories about how awful Giant Eagle is, but my fingers are getting tired, and if Yelp doesn't already have a word limit, they would probably consider putting one into place if I keep going.  :)  Ok, one last thing, and then I'm outta here, I swear. They are currently renovating this location to be a Market District (slated to open in early 2015), so we can all look forward to that. Sorry, GEagle, but you ain't foolin' anyone -- you can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig. All right, now I'm really done.  :)
