5	HOORAY FOR MELTED CHEESE... and chocolate and mapley stuff!  We were on a quest as touristy tourists for some decent fondue.  This was recommended and rightly so.  The service was fantastique as was the fondue.  I mean, it's hard to eff up melted and boiled things but hey... they did it right. Plus I think only one guys works there... as host, waiter, cook, etc.  It's a pretty cute old building too.
5	My husband and I have gone to here 3 times now. In the summer there is a secluded garden to sit in out back. In winter the inside is cozy and warm. There are various cheezy options (including raclette, which is delicious). But what I recommend is the Mentale option ($50 CAN/person). It includes  a simple salad with their signature sesame dressing. First choose which cheese fondue you want to start with (there are about 10 varieties ranging from traditional to one with sundried tomatoes to one with blue cheese). Next you pick 2 items per person to cook in the broth fondue. There are 4 seafood options, a veg option and numerous wild game options. Finally, you have either chocolate or maple cream fondue with fruit and mini marshmallows. I highly recommend the maple. The beer selection is minimal but the wines were fine by us.
5	Amazing. My girlfriend and I had the Romantique, I had a fantastic Bordeaux and she had a delightful Cider. The pink peppercorn cheese was rich and pleasant, and couldn't be better. The Chinese fondue (with vegetable broth) came with 4 sides to dip in, each exquisite except the coriander dip, which we didn't care for. I started with beef dipped in their soy  ginger and was in heaven. The shrimp and chicken went brilliantly with their honey mustrard, and the calimari went great with the garlic and everything else. I was full but had to continue trying to eat because it was so good. The chocolate fondue was gone in five minutes. It was delectable, and so delicious we couldn't help but gorge ourselves. Only the apple did not go with the chocloate, the pineapple was a surprising delight. The service was great, they allowed us to take our time, were not too intrusive, but kept an eye on the flame, and were very polite.The atmosphere was great--I could make analogies about the artwork and the food, but I'll leave that to each party. The only peculiar thing about it was the music choice--some funk and '70's mixed with covers and reggae.Delightful, if you're in Montreal, go.
3	I had been looking forward to visiting this restaurant since 2004 but kept missing it on my subsequent trips to Montreal. I have to say, I was kind of disappointed with their fondue. We ordered a blue cheese fondue, which really did not taste like it had any blue cheese in it, maybe just a few little bits. The other cheeses it contained were rather bland and the fondue really lacked a good cheese flavor. The chocolate fondue was also rather disappointing. When it arrived at the table it was cold, so we had to wait for it to heat up. It was served with some fruits including bananas, strawberries and grapes, but the portions were not very generous and we easily finished it. The atmosphere here is intriguing with lots of interesting modern art works on the walls and old light fixtures. I might return here to give it another try, but would advise anyone looking for good fondue in Montreal to check out Alpenhaus instead. One thing I will say about Fonduementale was that the service here was excellent and was among the best we had on our entire trip.
4	Great restaurant.  Met up with college friends we hadn't seen in years.  We were there for almost 3 hours and had great fun talking while enjoying the incredible food.  Most selections are better when shared as the options are mostly intended for 2.  (Chinese fondue, a broth, is my favorite option for the main course cooking selection.)  The setting is great and the food delicious.  Plateau Montreal is also a great neighborhood to visit while in Montreal.
3	Fun with fondue!Wanting to have something different, we decided to check out Fonduementale.It's a romantic spot!  We were seated upstairs which was dark and quiet, I think I would have preferred the downstairs seating which was more lively.  They played jazz versions of popular old tunes... okay the jazz vocal cover of Madonna's Like a Virgin was a bit weird, but hey, at least you can sing along while you eat.There are different choices of fondue, depending on how hungry you are.We ordered the l'aventure which was three courses for $29 per person.The starter fondue was the traditional suisse.White wine, melted emmenthal cheese, and garlic... each bread bit dipped into the fondue was delightful!  More carbs and cheese please!The main fondue was an Asian style broth.  It was like Chinese hot pot, but well... more expensive with less selection, with Americanized dipping sauces..  Then again, I eat hot pot all the time, if you don't then it's decent!Good sized serving for two people.The dessert fondue was fantastic. You have the choice of chocolate or maple cream.  We went with chocolate which was warm and perfect with strawberries, bananas, marshmallows, and pineapple.   I wished we had more strawberries, but other than that, I can't really complain!Overall, a fun fondue experience! :)
4	Love, love, love this place! This was my second time here, and it didn't disappoint. The service is great, and it's just a unique place. We had the original cheese fondue with pink peppercorns, which we were scraping the bowl to get the last bits of. Then we had the meats- filet mignon, honey chicken, pork, and beef teriyaki. We had both oil and broth for cooking, along with tempura batter and 4 dipping sauces. Everything was awesome. There is just something romantic about fondue, and my hubby and I enjoyed ourselves. Next trip to Montreal, I'll be stopping in for more fondue!
5	This was an absolutely fantastic restaurant!  I used to work at the Melting Pot in the U.S. and so I wanted to take my girlfriend to a nice fondue restaurant while we were vacationing in Montreal, as it was her birthday. Everything was so perfect and so tasty!We were sat in a nice little table near the back of the restaurant.  It was a small dining room, but still managed to fit many tables and guests in it, and yet it didn't feel crowded.  The waiters were incredibly nice and attentive.  I drank my water extremely fast the whole meal and they always refilled it promptly.We ordered La Romantique for the both of us along with a glass of the Bordeaux Superieur each.  We chose pink peppercorn for our cheese, which we needed to say because when we ordered they didn't ask us what options we wanted, which we thought was odd.  The meat (shrimp, salmon, calamari, chicken and beef) was all so fresh-tasting and high-quality.  All the sauces were well-flavored and yet not too overpowering.Finally... the moment we were waiting for arrived.... CHOCOLATE fondue!  The chocolate was so delicious and the dippers were excellent! (bananas, pineapples, grapes, apples and marshmallows)Between each course they were fast to come to us and clear, and quick to deliver the next course.  The ambiance and level of service was very pleasant.  My only wish is that I lived here in Montreal so that I could come back more often!  Bravo!
3	I went there for my birthday last night. The husband asked me where I wanted to head out on my big day so I suggested why not fondumetale? It's cozy, warm and romantic. I go in there with him and surprise my whole family is waiting with close friends. Yes out of all evenings he chose that place to throw me a party. Anyway, everything was good except the part where service was extremely slow. Well the food was anyway, I don't think there was anything wrong with the waitress. We went there at 7pm and took over half hour to order. Finally got our appetizers but they took over an hour to get on with the course. We all left the place at around 11. I just got a bit embarrassed on everyone having to wait around and pay big bills when they isn't have a good time. That being said, I still like this place. I tried the quebecoise and also had peppercorn one as well. Both are excellent along with the food which are always fresh and well cut. I also love the chocolate fondues with fresh fruits. Hopefully will have faster delivery from next time on :)
3	Small portions for a specialty that is meant to be abundant, generous and shared.They have some good things but some others feel like menu fillers and don't bring much to the table (ahah).
5	I loved this place!  Very cozy and romantic which was nice because my wife and I were on our honeymoon.  The cheese fondue, peppercorn, blew me away and left me wanting more.  Our selections for the main course, which is essentially a hot pot, were duck, wild boar bison and lamb.  They were out of lamb so like an airhead I chose scallops.  Bad choice, my fault not theirs.  The other 3 aforementioned were outstanding and were complimented with excellent dipping sauces.  I was quite the sommelier that evening and chose a wine that complimented our choices perfectly! Dessert, ahhh, melted chocolate with yummies to dip.  I didn't understand the pineapple but everything else was excellent.  Solid, solid 5 stars.  Next trip to Montreal we are definately going back.
4	Very cozy and inviting atmosphere,  once you sit down you don't want to leave.  You can enjoy a fondue without the worry of being rushed, we took 3 hours to enjoy.  The service was very polite and courteous.If you're not into cheese fondue this is a good place to start liking it,  you'll be hooked from the first bite.  the traditional Swiss fondue was excellent and the red peppercorn cheese fondue I preferred with pieces of peppercorn in every bite.Thank you to the staff and kitchen staff of FONDUEMENTALE for an excellent evening.
1	I've been here once two weeks ago, and honestly it doesn't do it for me. The fondue was yummy no doubt (we ordered sun dried tomato and mushroom swiss cheese fondue) but I feel like I could have it made it myself for less money that it was charged for. Not only that but they gave us only bread to go with it. This meal cost 19 dollars and they didnt even provide vegetables? (veggies were an extra 7 bucks) Sorry, but that's being overpriced for no reason. The bread wasnt even good quality and there was too much of it. If you like fondue, why not but prepare to spend spend spend. I would suggest making fondue yourself at home.
3	Yummy fondue. But that's about it. The restaurant isn't exciting, albeit being located in a very bustling area of the Plateau. Might be back, but probably not...
5	Second time and style amazed. The terrace during summer is cool and cozy. Got the whole thing: Cheese fondu, delicious. Got the mix plate of filet mignon, shrimp, salmon and scalop, to die for. And the Ying Yang fondu for dessert.
5	Great restaurant on this busy street full of good restaurants.  Plan on spending a couple of hours working your way through cheese fondue, meat and veggie fondue, finished off with chocolate and / or maple fondue.  Great wine and beer selection available.  Setting is great.  Cozy interior and nice patio option.  Service is timely.  You don't feel rushed as you enjoy your various courses.
5	I've been there yesterday for my fiancee's birthday. Food was amazing (we had melted brie, cheese fondue then chocolate fondue, 3 dishes were awesome).Waiters are nice enough to advise you to order a less expensive wine to match the food correcly.From A to Z it was all perfect. ACEFor those who complain about the price for melted cheese, this is no cheddar swiss style @ Kraft. This is Swiss cheese dears.
5	My boyfriend and I went to Montreal for Valentines weekend. Fonduementale definitely stood out as one of our favorite memories of the trip.We did not have a reservation, and were lucky enough to get a table during the popular dining out weekend (probably would make a reservation next time). The atmosphere is very romantic, it has the intimate feel of being in a french home.My boyfriend and I both ordered the "la romantique". I would highly recommend this option because we got to try a bit of everything. Honestly, every course was terrific from the appetizers to the richly decadent chocolate desert.The waitress was more than accommodating and helpful. She never rushed us out and let us linger over wine and cheese to our hearts content. One of my favorite places in Montreal; its a must for a romantic rendez-vous.
4	I went to Fonduementale and I was very impressed. The food tasted excellent and the experience was fun! We had 3 courses of fondue - cheese, broth, and chocolate, and they were all very good. The cheese fondue was strong and flavourful. The broth fondue came with an amazing selection of dipping sauces, that each complemented the dish in a different way. The sauces were all great and the meat and salmon dippers seemed really fresh and of high quality.  The chocolate fondue was a great ending to the meal - rich and sweet, it was so good. The only downfall is that it was extremely loud and packed, which is why I deducted one star. We went with a coupon we bought at a group buy site, and it was coming up to the expiry date, so I wonder if it was busier than usual or if it is usually as full.
2	No value - La Fonderie where priced in the same range is far superior.I'll start with the positives; the young lady & gentleman serving were very personable.The broth was very tasty.The toilet paper was very good quality.The quantity of food was more than sufficient.The place was not clean, the dining room was buzzing with flies, wasps and fruit flies.The toilet was terrible - thankfully I went after the meal or it would have killed my appetite.Mom could not believe they used soya sauce as a dipper!The dessert is supposed to leave you with your last impression. It was skimpy and something I would expect to see a kid's party.I won't be back.
