4	Excellent gym that has everything I need. Plenty of machines, hot tub, showers and a locker. Downside is they close at 9pm on Saturdays and Sundays.  Not quite 24 hours but otherwise perfect.
5	So I decided to do yoga stretch on Monday.  Boy is that a workout. First of all, bring your own yoga mat.  Bigger then the pads provided. Second, don't be too out of shape like I am.  Not that I'm grotesquely out of shape, I was sweating like there was no tomorrow.  Which leads me to my third and final point.Stay hydrated.  Your in Arizona so you should know this by now, but this will definitely dehydrate you if your not careful.The class overall is excellent and the instructor could tell I was a noob and helped me out with my form so i didn't help myself.  I will be back again, just after I lose the beer belly.
3	The childcare facility has improved greatly in the past few months and the staff is very friendly.  There is always something broken, and for their enrollment numbers, you would expect more working equipment.  If you go at 5:30pm, good luck finding an aerobic machine of any kind.  The afternoon classes are PACKED, at least the good ones are like the LIFT class or body pumps and ZUMBA.  The facility itself is cleaner then many other gyms I have been too but not as scrubbed down in the bathrooms as you would hope.  Its older, plain and simple but functions.  Get a MULTI-gym pass if you want and go to Riverview for the "nicer" facility feel and the 24-hour access.They do have a Dry and wet sauna which is hard to come by.  My enrollment  tour was very short and the "closing Manager" was actually more helpful and humorous then the actual tour guide.  He even gave me a free month for my hubby tho he can't join.  This place is NOT 24hours, you have to go to River view for that.  They have a ton of treadmills.   Overall, its good and its close to my home.  Its basic for the price. If you can go in the middle of the day or super early, it is great.
2	This 24Hour Fitness is THE disappointment of all their locations in the Phoenix area. The freeweight area is too small, and the machine area still has machines from the late 80's that are tired and worn out. This club is also overshadowed by the much newer Mesa location 3 miles away, and the Chandler club 7 miles away. They finally moved the old electric LifeFitness equipment out last year and moved the express equipment in their place. This is roughly the same building style and layout of Phoenix, and Scottsdale, but not equiped the same. In need of a makeover!
4	this 24 is nice. i didn't realize it until i moved to the bay area and experienced what a not-nice location is like.this one is roomy, clean and has plenty of treadmills. i always went late at night so it was nice to use the big aerobics room to exercise in. it's not actually 24 hours which is pretty dumb, but all the ones i've been to aren't either. maybe they should change their name.
4	I have to say that I hate "big-box" gyms, but I had a really pleasant experience at this 24 Hr. Fit. The staff was really nice and not pushy at all! I appreciate that a lot! It is really big, and has lots of equipment and space. The bathrooms are clean BIG PLUS! and the TV's are up to date with good resolution. Over all this is the nicest 24 Hr. Fitness I have been in.
4	Stopped by this 24 Hour Fitness location the other day to take a look around and get in a lil fitness.  The facility was nice and clean with the machines on the 2nd floor and the pool, sauna, child care and locker rooms on the ground floor behind and to the sides of the reception and massage area.I didn't stay very long.  Usually I have my normal routine at a gym but I'm pregnant right now and so I kinda walked around not knowing what I could/should do.  After only a short while, I went back downstairs and talked to 'Lauren' who was behind the reception desk.  She was very helpful!  She gave me a schedule of classes and recommended the yoga classes to help with my pregnancy fitness needs.  I felt a lot less anxiety after I talked to her.  haha  See ya there!
4	I used to go to the 24hr when I lived in Cali. The place was a total meat market and was a little skeptical when looking into this one. Luckily my concerns were put to rest when I walked into the place. When I entered the girl at the front desk was very nice and set me up immediately with a person to talk to. The guy showed me around the facilities. He was polite but seemed like he was just going through the motions. I decided to try to make conversation with him and he seemed to loosen up a bit. We went through the paperwork and he asked me if I had any questions. He answered all of them as best as he could and even looked into the other facilities to see if they offered what I was looking for. The facility is clean and well organized. The locker rooms are well kempt and the place doesn't smell like a dirty gym socks soaked in b.o. which is a plus. There are always plenty of machines. As long as you avoid the 4-7pm after work crowd you'll never have to wait. Overall it's been a good experience. It would be worth your time to at least print out the 7 day free pass and try it out. You might be pleasantly surprised :)
3	I have been to about 4-5 24 hours nationwide and this is the lowliest of the bunch. While not disgusting or lacking in features it just has a old feel and seems like it needs some TLC and some equipment upgrades.My biggest issue is the shower/bathroom/pool area where tiles tend to be missing, handles in the showers are reversed hot cold or grungy looking, and parts of the mens restroom have been closed for weeks last i was there. Also the scale in the men's room has been broken for over a month (or still was a week ago when i was last there).Some of the weight machines could use an upgrade as they don't move as smooth as they should or have too much slack in the cables. On the plus side the staff is nice, they have new flat screen tv's and are trying to get the little sound devices on more cardio equipment. While it's not a horrible location it's not that nice either when compared to the one at dobson and the 202 or others i have been too.
3	I had a membership here off and on for 2 years. When I first signed up,  I got a decent student deal ($22/month, no initiation fee, paid first & last month dues up front). After my membership lapsed, I went back, and they gave me the same deal again! Pros: The front desk always gave out free towels. Rarely had to wait for a machine. Only crowed during after-work hour (6-7ish). Cons: The cardio machines were often out of order. Most people don't wipe down the machines. It's *not* open 24 hours!  I didn't take advantage of the amenities, unfortunately. I'd give it 3 1/2 stars if I could.
4	I like this Gym.  The building, including the pool area, is larger than other 24 Hour centers.  It does need a make-over.  The locker room is all original tile that was installed when the gym was built as a "Q" in the early 90's.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.
2	Okay gym. If you want to bake while you work out, this is the place. Must be saving on electricity bill. Only a/c turned on in the mornings, is in the weight area. Also, as machines die, they sit as unusable for months until they are finally fixed or gotten rid of.
1	This location definitely needs a renovation. Mens locker room smells like human waste and BO, and the late night cleaning crews give off a creepy vibe every time. Treadmills are broken and in need of repair, and AC isn't always working. Get your act together 24 hour fitness!
2	this place is HOT and I am NOT talking about the EYE candy-it was just as HOT inside the GYM as outside and its arizona 115 at 10:00pm at NIGHT. it's really DARK inside does not look clean or in anyway shape or form It did NOT made me feel like Im at this fantastic place its mediocre at best.. The staff was great though very friendly!
3	Well if it wasn't for this place being directly across the street from me I would probably go to a different gym. That being said seeing as I usually workout between 10-12 at night and this place has pretty much everything I need it works fine for me. The great thing about working out that late is the place is pretty much a ghost town and I don't have to fight to use the equipment. The weight equipment is old and dated but there are 2 squat racks, 3 flat bench presses, 1 incline bench press, 1 decline bench press and 6 varying weight benches with a dumbbell set going to 120 lbs. I cant say much about the machines because I rarely use them but like I said before they are very dated. The locker room/shower area has that gym musty smell to it, but hey its a locker room what do you expect. It does everything I need it to do. The showers could use some work, some the water is too cold others too hot and some stalls seem to always be out of soap.The staff that I see at night is friendly. I have never tried any of the personal trainers there but from what I have heard they are alright. There also is a daycare during the day, but I don't have kids so I cant comment on the state of it. There are a few things that bother me about this location. First the weekend hours, Friday , Saturday and Sunday the gym closes early and I am forced to go to a different location because I workout at night. Second the stream room and sauna are closed for cleaning it seems almost every night after my workouts past the times stated on the doors. Lastly I wish this location had the updated gear that the Mesa Riverview location has, this place could use a renovation BAD.All in all if it wasn't for the convenience of being across the street from me and it being empty every time I go I wouldn't be able to justify spending $30 a month on this location.
3	The finished resurfacing the parking lot last week. The place is starting to show signs that they are spending money on it.
5	Probably one of the best 24 Hour Fitness locations I have been to in a while. I've been to a lot throughout the US and the setup with this location and equipment is my favorite!
2	Two years later...Parking lot has been resurfaced and the huge pot hole was repaired.  The equipment up stairs have been moved around, the older machines have been moved to the back and the Nautilus are out front by the main aisles.  Thats kind of deceiving to potential new customers.  The old stuff isn't noticed as easily.  I originally joined at Chandler and moved up to this area 5 years ago, so I have been going to the Tempe club ever since.  Local management changes all the time.  But I think the main problem is corporate doesn't give them the budget to make the place right.  This is one of three locations in Phoenix that were former Q-The Sports club.  The each have buildings that are very similar, but are not in the same condition. Tempe is still the neglected one.  Someday maybe this could be a Super Sport like the one in Mesquite TX.  Same building design(former Q).  Mesquite is a perfect example of what Tempe could be.
5	this gym is old... yes i get it...  compared to the gyms in cali you get more for your money here... my membership in cail got me the hot buff guys whos stares everywhere but their workout. here there are many people of different age groups and body shapes. the classes here are really good.. when expressing concerns with an instructor they listen... ie body pump .... the staff in the mornings are always friendly (we r always out before 2pm.) sauna pool spa steam room are all fabulous! people here come to work out not gawk at others...
3	Positive: a much younger crowd than the 24 closest to my home. Better people watching. Negative: crowded
2	This club is substandard.  The staff is friendly but despite repeated attempts by members to repair equipment - sometimes missing parts, sometimes down for months - management makes no effort to repair or replace machines.  In one instance, a simple-to-replace ceiling fan in an exercise room is literally hanging by a thread and it stays dangerously overhead.  Look elsewhere.
5	I just recently joined this gym after being at my last for 5 years. The group fitness classes at this gym are amazing. I've taken both Cycle and Body Pump classes. The instructors are excellent. My favorite is Carmen. She keep the class engaged and knows her stuff. The class participation in her classes have made it so much fun and will keep me coming back.  Great gym And staff.  A+++. I highly recommend this gym and group fitness classes. They have a great selection and good equipment.
1	Arrrggh!  They eliminated ANOTHER spin class -- no 9 AM spin on Thursday.  They eliminated the Tuesday 9 AM class a few months ago, so the only morning spin classes during the week are at 5:15 AM.I don't get the logic of this company.  They finally brought in brand new spin bikes to replace the originals that 24-Hour inherited decades ago from the Q Sports Club, and then they eliminated the morning spin classes.  I've been going to this class for years, and now it's time to move on to another gym.
2	Just joined this gym a week ago...not impressed at all. The one in Scottsdale seemed to be ran a lot better when I was going to that one. I've come here every day, the spray bottles to wipe the machines and weights have been missing twice, this is unacceptable. I don't pay a fee to come use a machine covered in someone else's sweat. I can understand if a bottle needs to be refilled but to have NO way to clean the machines is unprofessional. I know I would never recommend this gym to anyone else.  I cannot wait until I move...I hope the Walnut Creek location is better than this Tempe one!! They got a star for being open and another for air conditioning. Not much else here.
2	I've been to quite a few 24 Hour Fitness gyms.  Yes, this has all the equipment you need for cardio and weights.  However, the gym is dirty.  Equipment is old, carpet coming up (being held down with duct tape!), and equipment is down for maintenance fairly regularly.   The biggest complaint I have about this gym?  The swimming pool!  On more than one occasion, I've seen floating debris, dead bugs and a build up of dirt in the pool.  It's literally stopped me from getting my morning swim in.  The staff is great, I don't have a single complaint.  With possibly the exception of the maintenance.   But, I'm more willing to bet it's not their fault, yet corporate ignoring requests.  This gym is in desperate need of help.  My 2 year membership expires soon.  Rather than enrolling again, if changes aren't made to this club, I will go to LA Fitness which has two locations 2 and 3 miles closer to home anyways.
5	I just love this place. I have been coming here for awhile and even though it needs to be updated it is still awesome :)
1	Got a hassle every single time I've tried to check in. And it is because they value technology over customer relations. Today their front desk was particularly rude. Not going to tolerate it one more time. I'm done and gone.
5	Some would say that the gym looks old.  It's very well kept and maintained, though.  I like the locker room and how spacious it is.  You can bring your own lock.  The gym portion is nice with a bunch of machines, a cycle room, and "dance" style studio.  The studio you can go in when there're no classes.  It's great to do circuit training in there.  The monthly price is very affordable and they reward you a discounted monthly rate after one year if you're on their loyalty plan.
1	UPDATE:  I just realized that my reviews aren't "recommended" because Yelp doesn't know enough about me.  Really?  Know this:  I've been a 24-Hour Fitness member since 2004.  I spent big bucks upfront to join (in Vancouver WA), but my annual renewal is only $20. I have been going to the Tempe location since 2007, and I have paid for many sessions with trainers at this club.  My gym routine is normally 5-6 days/week, and I usually have at least 2 cycle classes/week.  I know the Tempe 24-Hour Fitness quite well.________________________WTF??  They eliminated ANOTHER CYCLE CLASS.  No more Thursday evening cycle.  A year ago they eliminated the 9:00 AM Thursday class after to clear the schedule for a body pump class.  For many, many months prior, all the bikes were taken by 8:30.Similarly, the Thursday evening class was packed through the summer, and while attendance was way down (under 10 cyclists) over the past 3 weeks, we had 14 riders tonight for 23 bikes.  Now the Tempe 24-hour Fitness has 4 cycle classes per week:  Tuesday at 5:15 AM; Tuesday at 6:00 PM, Thursday at 5:15 AM and Saturday at 9:30 AM.  ARRGHH!I have never seen a business where the management and staff turnover is as high as this club.  I wish this company would get their act together.  I don't know if the management instability is cause of cutting the classes, but the constant flow of new management and staff is certainly not driving member satisfaction, retention and new enrollments.Once again, 24-Hour Fitness has failed to come close to meeting the needs of the members.  I'm very disappointed and discouraged.
2	Long time member of 24-hour Fitness here and this one is my home gym because it is a couple of minutes from my house. This gym is the worst I have encountered in terms of facility renovations needed. The light fixtures in the pool area have rusted completely over so you can't even tell what kind of metal it used to be and the glass covers do not stay on over the lights. All of the tiles in the pool area could use a thorough powerspray or replacement. The sauna has the glass brick window/walls that are cracked and broken. The mens shower area is actually alright, showers work, lockers work and it does not smell like a gym sock (props to the cleaning staff, who are nice, btw). The walls in the actual gym area are scuffed, marked, and more holey than my daddy's bible. There are at least five spots that I know of that need a hole patched in them. The cardio equipment is in serious need of repair and replacement and some of the cables on the machines are dangerous. Last of all, the hours... I have insomnia so sometimes at 1 AM on a weekend I decide to go get my pump on and it is mildy irritating to have to drive to Mesa Riverview to do so, even if there equipment is better. The name of the place is 24-HOUR FITNESS! WHY IS MY GYM NOT OPEN FOR 24 HOURS??? On the plus side the staff I have talked are friendly and sociable! I hope they remodel because the building is nice it is just 30 years out of date.
3	I was in Phoenix this past week-end, and the GPS directed me to this gym.  Evidently it must have been the closest location to the airport.   It's an ok gym. I think probably older.  A 2 floor type design.  Personally I like the 1 floor designs.  The 2 floor types always seem more cluttered and crowded.    I can't imagine going to this type gym when it is really crowded. I mean what kind of a workout would that be.  Equipment looks old and an update would be nice.    Again is a nice enough gym, but I found it very cluttered and poorly designed upstairs.    Poor use of space.   So when visiting Phoenix its an ok place to workout.  If I lived in the area which I would not.  Then I would not choose this location.  Just seems like it would be very overcrowded and poor use of space.   Not my idea of a workout environment.  I even saw members coming into the club smoking those E cigarettes.   Really classy members lol.
2	very disappointed that the Thursday nite classes have been cancelled.  i miss Carmen.
