3	After a long walk along the Union Canal, there's no greater pleasure than spying the Bridge Inn. A buzzing hub of the local community, rarely have we dined in an atmosphere so alive with lively chatter. It can be relied upon to provide hearty fare and a friendly welcome.Overall, we said: "this place seems like a good pub. They do nice food, good portions, decent prices and had a convivial atmosphere that is what I would want in my local, and should I find myself back in Ratho, I certainly wouldn't be averse to popping back in."
4	Tasty British cooking created with flair....We visited during the week for dinner only and the place was full, which was a good sign. The proprietor met us at the door and apologised for problems we had encountered trying to make a booking as they had had a power cut earlier in the day and the phones had stopped working. We ordered drinks at the bar, I had an excellent draft pint of amber ale, whilst they quickly laid a table up for us.The venue has undergone some serious remodeling and the new bar area has an open fire, but there is also a separate quieter bar, again with an open fire in the seperate restaurant area. The decor and lighting style created a pleasant ambiance.The menu is inspired by many local food suppliers, the inns own pigs and 12 month year round vegetable garden, and it was most impressive.I had scallops and black pudding to start with and they were presented in a creative way. For my main course I went for the pork belly, which also came with some pork meat, home made baked beans and apple sauce, all getting 10/10. The addition of twice fried chips were good, but I felt the thick potato wedge style chips could have been a little crisper. However I consumed everything presented to me.My dining companions had a wood pigeon appetiser which was thought to be excellent, and a smoked salmon tartar, which was very tasty, but was not prepared in a minced tartar style, but simply served in small pieces of smoked salmon.The dining room had a lively atmosphere, but was not too noisy and we all had a great evening.
3	Nice Village PubCycled out to Ratho from Fountain park on the Easter weekend and stopped off here for a bowl of soup before heading back. They had obviously been quite busy for the Bank Holiday lunch, and the staff had that look of fear in their eyes when I walked in - "oh no, more customers, haven't we done enough today?!" - they didn't really say that! They were quite pleasant, if a little rough around the edges.Food took its time, but was obviously home-made, try the Onion Rings, they were pretty special. I know a lot of people who love this place, but it has yet to win me over, though it is certainly the best option in Ratho.....Straight forward semi modern deco, with a nice beer garden and a balcony looking over the Canal.
4	Just had a very pleasant evening with a large group (30+). Despite the large group, food came out in a timely fashion and more importantly was pretty good.
4	For what it is (country pub type place) I really like this place! The food portions are huuuuuge, the pies ginormous and flaky! Yum! Clearly homemade. The service I found exceptional, very friendly and attentive. They certainly know how to endear themselves to customers. As a pit stop during a summer walk along the canal this is exactly the type of place you want to go to. It has a lovely beer garden area out the back. Must remember this place for the summer months.
4	"There is a good tradition of love and hate; stayin' by the fireside.."Hey Tanita Tikaram, your lyrics just about sum up my experience of The Bridge Inn. Well, hate is a rather strong word in this instance, but otherwise, these lyrics are perfect!Our first visit was true love - we didn't want a big lunch (although it was Sunday, and the Roast Pork was tempting the SR); so settled for a couple of cheeky lemonades and a snack. For the boy, this was a mightily packed chicken and bacon sandwich with shoestring fries; for me it was (what I thought was a salad) roast vegetables, ciabatta and beetroot hummous. Well, the sandwich paled into insignificance to my vegetable sharing platter (not a salad, as it turned out) - a pile of warm, grilled vegetables, sliced and toasted mini ciabatta and a pot of the purpl-iest hummous I have ever seen. Melt in the mouth too, the beetroot serving as a gently earthy undertone to the traditional chickpea and garlic mix. I had assumed I would just snack a little bit on the hummous... when in reality, I wolfed every single bit down. Having had such a good meal, we returned with my parents a few weeks later. I had, at my first visit, noted that there wasn't a massive non-meat selection, but had forgotton this in my post-hummous comedown (2 of said options contained egg, which I'm not a fan of, so narrowed my options further). When we got to the restaurant and saw the menu, I remembered. While my parents and the SR tucked into steak pie of gigantic proportions, and my mother into a beautifully presented trio of lamb, I had a rather more forlorn looking bowl of chickpea curry, with not even a garnish to cheer it up. To say, it tasted of disappointment and I secretly wished I'd ordered the vegetable platter again. One side note: the restaurant is popular, and as a result, can be extremely loud - we struggled to hear each other talk, making the Silent Reviewer even more silent than he normally is. I left a comment card at the end, as I felt so disappointed and it seemed to me that there was a significant difference in the meat and non meat based options, in presentation and flavour. The owners called my mother back (I'd left her name, rather than mine, as I know she would return for the roast) and followed up on my criticisms. And that, my friends, is how you get a 4th star - food is good, but customer service can create memories for far longer. If we return, I hope that feedback turns into action.
4	This is a nice pub and a very good restaurant.  I would rate them as the finest choice in the area.  I visit frequently, staying at the Dalmahoy, so the location in Ratho is quite convenient.  Although the restaurant atmosphere is casual, I feel quite comfortable taking clients to the Bridge Inn for business dinners and lunches.  The food is quite good, the staff friendly and responsive.  Service might be a little slow compared to typical pubs, though I would not characterize their food as pub-grub, and would not characterize the atmosphere as fast-pace, fast food.  Its more relaxed and conducive to socializing with guests.  I wouldn't recommend the Bridge Inn if you're in a hurry. Very good mainstays at the Bridge Inn are the Fish & Chips, the Cullen skink, and Lamb trio.  They also have gluten-free offerings that are quite good as well.  They have weekly specials that do not disappoint.  Last week I had a venison dish with tenderloins and a venison croquette that was very tasty.  (The tenderloin was as toothsome as a filet [mignon] with a hint of venison.)
4	This place has been bigged up..it won a couple of awards apparently..so we were expecting a lot out of this place. It didn't disappoint. I had good old bangers & mash (they breed the pigs they serve).  The kids had fish & chips (real fish). Husband had lamb which was good (though I think he liked the pork sausages more). We shared a brownie for dessert - it was like warm fudge cake - delicious - with a scoop of the creamiest vanilla ice cream.Our youngest was having a bad night but the staff were all happy to help me calm her down (which she did, long enough for us to eat dessert).The fireplaces were lit & it had a warm & cosy atmosphere. It's on a canal (we couldn't see anything outside by 6pm) but apparently it's a gorgeous setting.The food is pub food done really well.  The place is warm & cosy...we'll be back in summer to check it again for sure!
