5	This is a chain of east coast deli-style sandwich joints that started out in Austin, Texas.  Their sandwiches are awesome because they bake them up all warm and toasty and offer a bunch of different combinations.  My favorite was always the Original Italian with double meat baked on a sourdough round with melted cheddar. So good. Too bad they don't have this place in Northern California anymore.
5	Why did you ever leave me Schlotzsky's? I wish you would come back to Chicago. You are missed here. This place has warm, fresh, soft bread. This place has delicious meats, fresh ingredients, and hearty helpings.I recommend the reuben or the original. This particular location has a larger, cafeteria style seating area. When I went there was a large crowd of blue-haired old-timers reading the paper and hanging out.
5	This is an awesome sandwich shop!All of the sandwich bread is made onsite every morning.  A far cry different from that frozen and thawed kind of other chains.  It's always moist and full of flavor.  The meats and cheeses are also sliced on site daily, so you don't have to worry about older or stale tasting ingredients.This is one of the few restaurants that I've worked at that I not only eat at, but will fully endorse.  And after 13 years and a load of jobs, that's saying something.It also helps that the owner, Todd, is a great guy that treats his employees and customers with respect.If you're in the area, this is a great lunch stop on any day.
4	I didn't realize this place was a chain but it was still decent. There were many tables for a large crowd during lunch and even parking spaces! The menu features sandwiches of many types -- warm and cold. Also, pizzas and new salads are on the menu. The cranberry, apple, pecan, and chicken salad was great and had the right amount of dressing on the side. It came with few pieces of cheesy bread that was mouth watering. Fountain drinks and bottle drinks of choice and many side bags of chips. From what I hear, the Reuben is amazing.
5	This place has amazing sandwiches it can be alittle pricy for the portion but the quality is really GREAT! I was suprised to see this place was empty I was the only one sitting here with my friends. The place is very colorful ad also has a large selection of drinks and teas. Dont forget to mention the free refills for a guy like me it comes in handy!
1	I had the vegetarian sammich.  It was a bunch of veggies between two pieces of spongey bread, with a hot sauce that was not flavorful, just hot.  I guess I should try something else because eating spongebob squarepants wasn't enjoyable for me.
5	I give five stars because of excellent service. Nice pizzas and sandwiches and above all fantastic service
3	Went here with some friends and was not familiar with the menu.  The order counter seemed confusing to me too. Got a turkey sandwich,  but think they used miracle whip not mayo.  Not a fan though.
