4	This mall is more my speed than the one closest to my house, Fashion Square.  They have stores that appeal more to me like Old Navy.  They recently got a gelato place and a cool little dog boutique store where you can get fresh baked treats for your pup.  The mall has another unique store that is a favorite of my boyfriend, The Hobby Bench.  The only thing that really bums me out about PV mall is the book store is now gone.
4	I am a Paradise Valley girl.  PV School district, PV Community College and first "real" job at PV Mall.  So of course I'm going to like this mall.  It's home.  That said - this place goes though more re-decorating than any other mall in the valley!  And we're not just talking about a fabric/color kind of upgrade. The food court alone has had massive structural changes at least 8 times.  So though I visited just months ago, who knows what might have changed by the time you read this because I hear they are about to start some changes again.  As always, newer "hotter" new stores will be joining the ranks.  They never let themselves fall TOO far behind.  PV Mall does a great job of balancing higher and lower end shops to ensure there's a little something for everyone.  From Disney Store to Fredrick's, Industrial RideShop to The Knife Shop and long time favorite The Hobby Bench, they make sure to get in all types of interests as well.  They do a great job of being a real neighborhood mall. Sure, we know where to go if we want some fancy or super specialized store, but for our basic mall "needs" - we always come here first. Side note - You'd think there is something in the water.  There are always tons of baby carts - especially morning/afternoon.  It's like the stay at home mom hang out!  Baby networking anyone?
3	PV mall is the mall I go to when I don't want to spend a lot of time shopping. It's small and easy to navigate so I can usually get in and out really fast. PV mall isn't an awful mall, it's just very plain Jane. The movie theater is gone, it needs a makeover, and nothing about it really sticks out. The food court changes so much, and that can become annoying. Last I saw they added in a place called Hot Dog on a Stick! Don't be looking for my review on that one..Gross! All and all PV mall just can't compete with all the new shopping malls in the area such as Desert Ridge and Kierland. But seriously if you want a more quiet and fast shopping experience go to PV at daytime during the week. No hassle!
4	Very nice mall at present.  Well laid out and plenty of selection.  Features a Macy's, JC Penney, Sears and Dillards as the major stores.  Has quite a few boutiques, from Body Central and Charlotte Rousse, to Abercrombie & Fitch (Yech!) and the Gap.  6 or 7 jewelry stores, probably the same # of shoe stores.  Old Navy, Victoria's Secret, Frederick's, Hallmark, Hobby Bench, As Seen on TV, many others.  The food court has a nice selection, as well as a Ruby Tuesday's for slightly more upscale fare.
4	I've worked in this mall. I've been kicked out of this mall. I've hung out at this mall. I've shopped at this mall. I have early childhood memories of this mall. Mall mall mall, mall mall... mall. Yet another Westcor joint... this place has gone through many facelifts and is set to go through yet another soon. I don't really shop here much anymore, but I find it to be very easy to navigate and park at and find exactly what I want. I get a very nostalgic feeling from this place whenever I go. Usually years go by between visits and I'm always surprised both at seeing the new stores and changes made as well as how much it has stayed the same. Most of my favorite stores have long split the scene. No matter how much things change here or what comes or goes, there's always something for everyone here. I suppose when I'm 70 if I still live here in the valley, I'll probably start walking around the mall at 5am until it opens... do they still do that? I don't know.
1	This mall blows dogs for quarters (if you know what thats from you get my respect)It is the Paradise Valley Mall, it should be nice!I drove by the other day and saw they are redoing it, they totally need to. I want it to be good but it has crap stores
3	i work in this mall, is so-so, if you are a person whose doenst like big crowds of people, then i guess mall is for you, majority of the time it is pretty dead there.  you have the main stores, macys, dillards, sears, and jcpennys, and then stores such as victoria secret, hollister, papaya, charlotte russe, wet seal, abercrombie and fitch, american eagle, pac sun, aeropostale, etc, no forever 21 tho!  they also have express, buckle, gap etc. so you can say there is many stores that the current "13-25 year old demographic", then you have some 25-30, and few 30+, see where i'm headed?  i think this mall is more aim at serving for the "mall rats" and the younger generation, because ann taylor, newyork and company and any misses/petities/contemporary stores are not much.  It's more like a lower class of scottsdale fashionsquare, and much smaller.  probably one of the smallest malls now, and a costco soon to come.they are some choices outside of the mall such as krispy kreme donuts, sees, ulta, best buy, tjmaxx, target, etc. there are lots of mall rats, highschool or younger who just hang around the mall messing around with nothing to do.  we had to kick so many out so many times.
2	I used to go all the time when I was in HS and last trip I noticed some change over of the stores from what I remember. The food court has okay variety, but not a whole lot. I think that the management company neglected this place for too long, it definitely needs its facelift. It's great for its convenience if you need to pick something up real quick but I wouldn't be spending all day there.
4	For my San Jose Friends out there, this mall sort of reminds me of Oakridge before they totally remodeled it.  I would probably give it a 3 1/2 more than 4 but it's 4 because I'm giving it the benifit of the doubt.  I've only been here twice.  This mall has two of the stores I shop most frequently....Lane Bryant and Justice.  The Justice store here is very nice and the sales people were very attentive and helpful.  The Lane Bryant store is very nice as well.  It seemed a little sparse but it is a bit between seasons so I'll give them that.  As for the rest of the mall, it's clean and there is on Origins and a Body Shoppe, Bath and Body Works, and Aveda, all of which I shop at.   The one thing missing is a Sephora.  And it seems as though they have spruced it up a bit and they are going to open a Cosco around the back in the fall.  I did not go into Penny's or Macy's or Dillard's so I can't say anything about those stores.  I will update after I do.  We stopped and got gelato that is located just outside the food court.  It was good....I had banana caramel.  Yum!  My daughter had something called Birthday Cake and ate every bite!  The food court seemed to have the usual Panda Express, McDonalds, Hot Dog on a Stick, and there is also a Dairy Queen located by one of the other entrances.  I will be going back here since it's just a sort ride up 51 for me.  And there are other stores across the street from the mall too.  Toy's R Us, Best Buy, etc.  On the other side of the mall there seems to have been a nice strip mall but a lot of stores have closed thanks to our slowing economy.  I thought Paradise Valley was a nice area and somewhere to consider living in the future.  For now, we will have trips to the mall.
3	I live in the area so I've been to PV Mall so many times I could walk through it blindfolded and still tell you which stores I'm in. I came here practically every day during my last 2 years of high school. The only reason I don't go anymore is because of college and my proximity to a much larger and better mall (coughAZMILLScough)People say PV Mall is small but I think it's pretty decently sized. It's one story, but it's spread out, and there's a lot of little strips surrounding it that sort of count as PV Mall too. At least to me. They have all the main "mall" stores and there's at least one store for everything area The food court's pretty good too, just don't stay there more than your meal because there's just way too many middle and high school kids hanging around.
3	Dear Paradise Mall, Oh you poor thing !! You need a break , a rest, a makeover ,anything to get you back on your feet again..I have seen this before  and I am frightened for your future. I  remember back when Metro  was acting just the way you are.. oh  you think you can keep up with your young ,trendy, fly by night stores , but how much time and interest do you want to give Spencers, Industrial and Charlotte Russe?  And be careful , honey , there is a fine line between  asian decorating stores  and being just another swap meet mall.I know Z Gallerie broke your heart when he left , he made all us a little sad. But you better do something quick. Before you know it ,  you will have license plate stores like Metro does,  and the fake electric cigarette kiosk , which is always a shady character to hang out with . Glad to see you are still hanging on to your last shreds of dignity , your friends Abercrombie and Fitch , Macy's and Aveeda see like good people , keep the faith and look for quality just like we the consumers do!! Best of Luck on your relationships , Hug and Kisses --DebPSI respect that you want to stay for the kids , little Gymboree needs to a loving home and so does Justice, but don't the kids need to have good home ,don't they deserve it? If you keep letting these slutty , lowlife losers  hang out ,  you will be sorry and you will lose all of our respect.
4	About as pleasant a shopping mall as you will find. I love the Vans Store. Its usually not crowded and the clientele is much preferable to Metrocenter.
3	Where do I even begin with Paradise Valley Mall?To start, it's old. If you're expecting something chic and expensive, I'd try Kierland Commons, or Scottsdale Fashion Square. PV doesn't even come close to the par that those two reach, but in a sense, that's part of it's charm. Location wise, it's bordered between Scottsdale and Phoenix, giving it two different consumer markets, which has provided the mall with a more diversified variety of stores. It's also at the cross roads of a major  intersection, and transit center, giving it a constant supply of business (In theory, that is.) Moving to the Valley in the early 2000's, I distinctively remember PV mall's walkable distance and fabulous accessibility to be it's strong points. Stores were flourishing, the movie theater was convenient, and it seemed like an all-around good place to hang out, see a movie, and do some casual shopping without being overwhelmed by a large atmosphere of crowds or getting lost in a huge maze of buildings. It's a good sized mall, and has easy parking, which many malls do not offer. However, as the years passed, PV mall has taken a walk of shame. Originating from the closure of the Harkins Theater, numerous other stores have closed, even the Taco Bell! I found that the selection of restaurants is depressing as a whole, and the food court is although very spacious, is exponentially loud and messy. (And more recently, Televisions screens spew out loud music from Vh1 to entertain the middle school kids who now dominate the food court.) Nevertheless, I've grown up with PV mall. It's locale has served me nearly everyday, and the collection of strip malls surrounding Paradise Village Parkway is one of the more navigable array of stores there is. I have a repertoire of memories from this mall, and it's middle class environment is a happy median between Fashion Square and Metrocenter.But PV mall, you seriously need to upgrade your selection of stores, and Costco won't save you from the same fate that's taken Christown.
1	I had the second and last of my bad return experiences at Dillards at Paradise Valley yesterday.  I was returning a very expensive pair of blue jeans and was greeted by the rudest sales associate of all time.  The return policy is clear that you need either the sales receipt or the original tags.  I had purchased the jeans a week ago in Houston and in the packing and unpacking process I had lost the tags.  The sales representative basically told me I was an idiot for not keeping the tags and tried to tell me she was going to give me $29 or a $128 pair of jeans that I had the sales receipt for.  I've never in my life had such an awful return experience.  I got my money back, but will never make the mistake of shopping at Dillards ever again.  I hope they become a casualty of the down economy.  They don't deserve to be in business!
4	I am a total fan of PV Mall-- something about it.  Maybe it's the nostalgic feeling I get from being in 8th grade and going to the movie with my friends and walking around the mall acting cool.  Years later (many)- I still walk around feeling cool but not because I bought a belt at Units (it's a skirt, it's a belt, it's a shirt- you remember that one?) or got a new skirt from Wet Seal-- I feel cool because I just scored the best deal at Macy's on work pants and can't wait to wear them the next day.  There are malls with better shopping options but PV Mall does have some decent stores still:  Macy's, Bath & Body Works, Body Shop, Gap, Ann Taylor, JC Penny (um btw, JCP has some really great stuff in there, you just gotta look), Hallmark.  There are more but I am tired from thinking of them all. OH and Costco is new to it!It's not really all that busy here, so that is more my speed when I just want to wander in and out of stores that I may or may not buy something from on a Sunday.  I'm a fan of PV Mall.
3	Paradise Valley is pretty mediocre as far as malls go, but it's still better than Metrocenter. It a single level mall with quite a few stores, but nothing too thrilling. I guess it's a nice mall if you're looking for somewhere to walk around and browse on one of your Saturday afternoons. It's also managed to keep most of their stores leased, unlike Metrocenter. I don't know why a Costco was added though, Costco just doesn't fit in with shopping malls.
4	This mall is nice for its size, great parking and lots to do even around the mall. Many restaurants and fine shops to go to around the mall as well.
3	Poor Poor PV mall. I have so many fond memories of you. I learned how to freaken drive in your parking lots! We've been through thick and thin, but damn you are looking BUSTED! I went here last night with my sister, I needed to find a hot dress for a wedding next weekend, unfortunately no dress was to be found. As we are walking through the mall it made me sad to see all the stores and restaurants closed. Ruby Tuesdays-Gone Random smoothie place-Gone ShoGun Express-Gone Dairy Queen-Gone Origins-Gone Fancy Shampoo store-Gone Ben Bridge-Now a random Indian jewelry store The Macy's there is a disgrace, so filthy.There were about 5 other places that were empty that I cant remember which stores they were. You better watch out PV, You are one step closer to becoming a Christown/Spektrum Mall...You already have a Costco in you!
3	The food is f*ckin' sh*t, except auntie ann's cinnamon pretzels with cream cheese.I like a few stores from this mall includingHollister, A&F, Aero, American Eagle, Victoria's secret, Bath and Body works, Papaya clothing.There's a beauty salon near zales in the SE entrance. They did a fab job waxing my brows.Sears had some good deals (fuzzy socks 2 pair 8 bucks, cable sweater 17 bucks, imitation ugg boots 19.99) etc.I wouldn't say its the best mall ever but I do like hanging out here when my AC craps out on me.
1	I havent been to PV mall for many years since moving to north Scottsdale, so it was a surprise to see how run down the place is.The final straw for me was watching as a young man shook down a shopper in Dillards for bus fare. Yes, panhandling in the main aisle in Dillards, but even more impressive was overhearing one of the salespeople explain to another salesperson "how it happens all the time and management doesn't do anything about it."I walked out of the store looking over my shoulder, thinking the panhandler was following me out after having made eye contact with him and seeing him do a quick turnabout in my direction.Who needs that shit.I will never go back to PV Mall....it IS the new Christown!Shame on you Dillards management!
4	It is what it is.It's no Scottsdale Fashion Square, but when I have to choose between a 10 mile drive to the REALLY NICE mall and the 1/2 mile drive to Paradise Valley Mall, it's PV almost every time.The store selection is decent- it  has a Dillards and Macy's plus plenty of other stores that my teen daughters enjoy. Need a fast birthday gift?  The Game Daze is a big bonus!Kids need a fast haircut?  MasterCuts does a decent job for a good price.Uh, oh~  Someone outgrew their shoes, it's 8:30pm, and we need a new pair FAST!     Where to go-- Journey's is a Hop-Skip-Jump away.  Or Hot Topic. Or Tilly's.  Or Champs.  Or Lady Foot Locker.  Or Dillards.  Or Macy's.  Shall I go on?If you need something specific, you'll likely find it here.  Of course my Fashionista child prefers Scottsdale Fashion, but once again, weighing the 60 minute round trip vs. a quick 'n easy trip down the street...  you know where we land. :-)The Food Court is decent, and they have an independent theatre here.  One big perk:  you can park in covered parking, shop, see a movie, and go to the Public Library in one trip, no moving your car, just park and go.  A lot of effort has been made to update this facility.  There has been a massive amount of landscape update, and other changes to this area, to modernize and improve it.  The idea of a Costco here scared me, but it works fine.  Maybe This is an older mall, once a shining jewel in the Phoenix mall world. But like most malls, demographics change, city expansion happens, newer, shinier, bigger and better get built elsewhere.  But don't write this location off yet.  I think it has a lot to offer and, with the effort expended here, likely a good neighborhood contender for the long-haul.
3	It's an OK mall, a bit older.  I like Scottsdale Fashion Square better to be honest.  The Kierland/Scottsdale Quarter area may be better than PV as well.  Just my opinion.
3	Well first of all I can't believe I have not reviewed this mall since it is within walking distance of my apartment. However with that being said the reason why is maybe because this mall is average at best. I have been to some of the world's largest and best malls and this one would not even crack my top 30. Now for us residents that live near paradise valley this is our only real mall of choice...but there are several strip malls out here that are better. Now I know there have been some changes made to it over the years and the new Picture show movie theatre was a nice touch....so it is not a horrible mall....I just expected a little more for this area. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	PV Mall is one of the nicest in the area, even though the do not have as many of the high-end shops as Fashion Square does in Old Town. No matter, this is one of the original Malls in Scottsdale and you can sometimes see the history and I mean this in a good way.  They have a very nice Dillards, Macy's and Sears as the main anchors along with many of the other stores you would find in any Mall in the US.  What's really nice is that they also have a Costco which seems larger then most I've been in.Why drive and waste all that gas going to Desert Ridge or Fashion Square, when Paradise Valley Mall is nearby?
4	I actually like this mall, mainly because it is a place close to my kids daycare/preschool where I can kill some time.  I know it doesn't have many high end stores, but I can relax for a few minutes.  Another bonus are the girls who are selling the flat iron, if you buy one you can get your hair done for a year, needless to say I am on that chair almost every week.
4	I am not a middle aged mall rat, so I do not have a great appreciation for this classic American past time.  I must say in all fairness that the Paradise Valley Mall (PV Mall) has cleaned up their act in the last few years.  The mall has a great play area for kids with slides and other rides.  They even have a kid's train ($3.00 per ticket) that is fun to do - once.The quality of the stores is not equivalent to the Chandler Mall or Fashion Square, but they do have a Macy's, Dillards, JC Penny and other specialty stores.  Most of the eyesore stores have left the mall.  It is secure and clean.  Parking is ample.  It now has a Chompie's and Costco which means that I actually go there more than once a year.  If you need to get you inner mall rat feed - this is the place for you!
5	Nice local mall that has a lot of stores and is easy and convenient to get in and out of. The new theater inside is really nice.
3	Meh- not a huge fan. It's old and kind of depressing. It reminds me of the malls from the 80's. I kept looking for Kelly, Zack & Slater to pop out somewhere.  It could definitely use alot of updating.Personally, I'd drive a little further and go to Scottsdale fashion square better.
1	Terrible stores. Mall looks tired and dreary. There is a kiosk where a women 'threads' eyebrows.  She uses her mouth to hold the thread then spits it on the floor. Many weird cheap stores.
4	good mall for walking.there is a costco, movie theater and decent food court
1	I recently moved to Scottsdale and decided to check out the mall. Stores were ok, but the food court was appalling with middle school, high school students yelling profanities and speaking abnormally loud. It was very uncomfortable and don't understand why mall management would let kids behave in that manner. It was culture shock. Worse than any mall I have ever visited. MALL MANAGEMENT - CONTROL THOSE ANIMALS!!!!!
3	This mall is my 'go to' mall because it is near where I used to live at in PV.. however, it would not be my first choice. It is in serious need of an update. It's simply tired, dingy, and in need of a little updated decorating and then maybe it would bring in some updated, cool stores. But again, I like the fact that there is an Aveda, a Dillards, a Macy's that is friendly (but limited in what it carries).. the usual for what I need. Just needs an update for the part of town:-)
3	So, eh, I've been coming here for 20 years and its definitely declining in Mall worthiness. Many stores have left this mall, leaving it feeling empty, and after Costco pretty much took over one whole wing of the mall, I get this weird feeling that something is off. They completely remodeled the outside of the mall, putting in green grass, but taking out many trees (which I am bitter about) and replaced them with a few palm trees. The inside of the mall is struggling though. In my opinion it needs a few more higher-end stores as opposed to the randomness and temporary stores that are filling the spaces. On the plus, I do like taking my five year old niece here. There are a few children's stores I can take her to along with the "horsey-go-round" aka carousel located in the food court. There is also a "trackless train" now, with five or six cars that you can ride with your youngster for $4 (I think). It starts in the children's play area and takes you down towards Sears where it then turns around and drops you back off at the play area. PV Mall gets 3 stars from me, its great for children, but for my retail therapy...I need to visit another "therapist".
3	MMM its all mall nothing that really made it very unique. basic 1 story mall with a decent amount of stores... Nothing very high end or unique other than a Chompies being inside which was my only reason to find this place. Probably my least favorite mall in Phoenix.
2	A little ghetto fab of a mall.  Some nice stores with lots of places I just wouldn't shop at.It's in serious need of a renovation as it just feels tired, like it hasn't gotten any TLC since the 90s.
3	Still an OK mall, very quiet compared to years gone by!
4	I enjoy the ability to get around this mall without hoards of people.  I prefer to shop at a mall that doesnt attract mall walkers, you know those people who just go because they like malls.  PV  mall offers great stores, lots of room to get around and good parking
3	The mall definitely does not seem to be going after big name stores ,but  rather small off brand stores. It feels like a dying mall that could use new management. The barrel train has got to go, people having to move out of the way for a TRAIN, Seriously how trashy! They do have macy;s , dillards and a small movie theater with covered parking which is great in the summer.
3	Clean with a good choice of stores.  Quiet.
3	My first "official" visit was last Thursday and I'm impressed!  Didn't think much of this place last time I was here to return shoes at the now-defunct Naturalizer store.  This time, I was on a mission to purchase a few olive body butters and shower gels for my Mom.  A HUGE plus-- there's a See's Candies located just across the mall (northside of Tatum)!  Quick look and I see there's an Express, as well as other stores I've never heard of.  Would've stopped by, but I'm now looking to purchase organic business-casual and dress for work (and play!), and I don't think any of the malls in the valley offer this option... There's a children's play area, as well as a standalone Costco at this shopping complex.  I was hoping to access the wholesale club via a quick walk, but the entrance wasn't facing the mall's exit, and I didn't have much time to invest any further.  Next time!PV mall is definitely a surprise.  Definitely a better fit for me than that of Arizona Mills, or even Tempe Marketplace.  Now that Scottsdale mall closed down its Body Shop and See's Candies, I'll be frequenting PV mall more often when monthly chocolate fixes need to be attended to.  :))Quick tip:  I never knew Spencer's was secretly an adult shop!  Spotted a few interesting novelties there.  (Also, a couple of peeping toms as I circled the novelty section at the back.)  Thought it funny how the clerk bade a couple of young teens goodbye as they exited- I got the feeling they were regulars.  ;)
5	My favorite mall in Phoenix. Away from downtown, in a nice area, nice stores. Great food court. Not crowded at all. Will definitely be back when I am in Phoenix again.
4	meh...it's a mall. I always stop to see the puppies in the pet store andfor grub at Panda Express in the food court.
2	...the theater is alright, I guess, and it isn't very crowded....plus it has a Merry-Go-Round.  I think that sums up the good parts.  Just not sure why anyone would go here considering some of the other malls in the area.
2	Typical mall with decent shopping for all walks of life. Decent food court populated by underdressed/over made-up teenagers.It's nothing short of a miracle that any of this mall's kiosks are still open. Every person working was either on their cell phone or the internet.
5	This is the spot were I go to for my family shopping specially around Christmas time!! :) or whenever I frequent Macy's!!! The staff here is always helpful and friendly!! Also when I feel like snacking I stop by their Auntie Anne's for some Pretzel Nuggets with hot salsa cheese!! Oh soo good, but bad!! Very bad, like I said only when I feel like snacking!! Overall I love their Macy's!!!
3	This mall is one of the smaller malls in the Phoenix area.Ok food court..not much selection. My review is really for the bathroom which is located in the food court area.It has a couch, changing tables, and another sort of changing table alcove thing by the couch. Decent for moms wanting to nurse their babies.
2	This mall gives me the heebie jeebies. Weird, desolate pop-up stores, WAY too many kiosks with uncomfortable salespeople approaching you, dirty (DIRTY) bathrooms, dingy and dim...Done.
4	nice small size mall
3	It's a shopping mall with lots of store to see.  There weren't to many people present for a Friday night so the experiance wasn't that bad.
4	Great place to go shop, people watch, or keep a kid busy with the merry-go-round or the toddler playland.
5	Great mall
3	PV mall brings me back to my highschool days, and not always in the best way. They are missing a lot of the fancy stores and such, but for what it's worth, it's still better than Metrocenter. There's really not a lot going on inside the mall, but their satellite stores are pretty decent around here. Best buy, major departments stores and things like that. Save yourself some trouble and go to Desert Ridge. They have bigger stores, more easily accessible layout, and you don't have to do the whole "hope you parked within a mile of your destination" guessing game that these indoor malls do.
3	The mall itself is ok, but appears to be going down hill slightly. The recession has definitely taken its toll on the small business owners here. Multiple stores have closed and there don't seem to be any "Coming Soon" signs to announce a replacement. Still its better than Metro Center Mall.
4	I have not been to this mall in AGES!  It has changed and has a facelift (nice).  They have a parking structure, Costco, etc....  We walked through the food court area.  Nice, clean, and lots of tables/chairs to sit.  In the mall, they have many rest areas so your feet can get a break.  =)  I am not sure if they let dogs in, but someone was walking a HUGE dog???
1	The Paradise Valley Mall used to be a high quality, upscale mall in the Scottsdale/Paradise Valley Area. As of late, the clean sparkly sheen of Scottsdale has been lost. Compared to other malls, it appears to be dying on the vine. The foot traffic is extremely low, and as of late: many businesses are shuttering or moving away from the faux fancy marketplace. Security is lax as I have seen shoplifting on the rise and they allow homeless people to heckle the businesses and customers. I would not recommend this mall unless you sag your pants and want to steal things and get away with it. There are no cameras on the premises so if you get mugged or raped in the parking lot, you will never have a speck of recourse in the legal system. Best bet is to drive the extra distance and visit the Arizona Mills Mall, or the much classier Fashion Square Mall.
3	The kids play area - Alright..if your kids are extremely mobile.  Quite a few bigger kids plowing around and knocking into the younger ones.  Baby C just started walking the other week, so he's still really wobbly on his feet at times (imagine a baby t-rex stomping about..That's Baby C walking..lol).  I kept worrying that these older kids (7-10 year olds) running around like crazy heathens were going to run Baby C right over.  SERIOUSLY PARENTS OF OLDER KIDS  - CONTROL YOUR DEMON SPAWN (or better yet...GET THEM OUT OF THE KIDDIE AREA)!!The food court - Hardly any A/C running in that area or at least you cant really feel it.  So be prepared to sweat during the summertime when eating your Paradise Bacon Turkey Bravo sandwich or Panda Express Orange Chicken.
3	I used to live closer and when I did, this was my go to mall. Overall, it is pretty easy to get in and out of the mall, since it has a circular set up. I like that it is easy to park outside the large department store where I wanted to go and then I could easily navigate to another store within the mall. Weekends are definitely the busiest days for this mall - jammed with families and teenagers. It became hard to navigate and those days I wouldn't want to go from store to store. I exclusively came for the big department stores, such as JCP, Dillard's, and Macy's. (Sears always smelled weird and I avoided it.) When smaller stores opened and closed, I didn't pay much attention to them since I wasn't that interested. I like coming here now for the Food Truck Thursdays in the parking lot. They have seating inside and this is a nice addition.
2	Are there any good stores here anymore? I remember in high school this was the hangout place, but now it seems run down and very vacant. All the good stores are gone, i.e hobby bench and they've put in a lot of cheap clothing stores. Not a fan anymore, other than the Costco I guess.
3	This mall is just ok. It's very easy to run in and just pick something up though. It's closer to my house then any other which makes convenient. Some of the stores though are in need of updates
3	It's an okay mall, since I live in the neighborhood, I come here all the time.  Not the fanciest one, but it's okay.  Don't let the name fool you even thought it says Paradise Valley.  Easy access from SR-51 and Loop 101.  It went through a major facelift few years ago, so if you haven't been back in a long time, you will see what changes and what didn't.
3	I haven't been here in a few years, but last time I was, I wasn't overly impressed. The mall was pretty small and generic, though I'm sure it would do if there weren't better options in the valley (there are). Nothing outright bad about the place though.
5	Don't forget to do your receipt surveys so you can get 10% off all purchases over $50. And if you make a payment on the same day as a purchase, you get double points!!!
3	It's easy to tell that it's an older mall - not a big thing for us at all, age means it's been able to hold on through the times, right? The stores range from the American Eagle, Abercrombie and the like to the standard staple department stores like Dillard's, Macy's and JCP.  It's easy to find a place to make a purchase without spending a ton!The food court is pretty typical for a mall and there is something in almost every taste range - it's a bummer that the Auntie Annie's pretzels place was closed but it's not like there aren't other options!It doesn't have the size or offerings that Scottsdale Fashion Square does - BUT it definitely has more stores that I'm likely to shop in and actually make a purchase! The parking lot was big and it was easy enough to find a spot.  Overall: B+A bit older of a mall, but plenty of choices and easy to walk around in - makes this location a spot we will definitely be back to!
3	It took 17 calls and a yelp and I finally got 1 Cuck Ferguson he says he is releasing the kittens in the storm drain to Mr. Moser YEAH!!!!PV MALL IS ALLOWING KITTENS THAT HAVE A MAN WILLING TO RESCUE THEM TO DIE A SLOW HORRIBLE DEATH!! THEY ARE  KIlling kittens that could be saved http://www.myfoxphoenix.com/story/23888419/2013/11/05/kittens-found-living-in-a-storm-drain Here are the numbers to callMacerich Corporate Office 11411 N. Tatum Boulevard Phoenix, AZ 85028-2399 Phone: (602) 953-6200 Media: (602) 953-6550! I just called them and the woman I was speaking with was laughing.
3	Used to be so nice, now it's not so nice. The place over time has been run down. A lot of stores have shut down and now theres not much very good stores that people would know of nowadays. The food court is big but gets very crowded and very loud. Don't ever come here unless i'm with someone else. They definitely need to renovate this place to make it nicer.
2	Going to PV Mall is like visiting your grandmother in a nursing home; It's nice to see the grandma you've loved your whole life, but no matter how well the visit goes, there's something depressing about the experience.The mall just feels neglected.  It's not rundown by any means, there just isn't anything there to be excited about.  The few times I've been to PV mall (and not just to eat at a restaurant or grab something at an anchor store) I usually end up meandering around and wondering what I'm doing there.
5	Hi,This review is strictly in regard to customer service. The absolute best! I was shopping for a mine craft shirt for my 9 y/o son. As the clothing is really for teens/adults, I had a difficult time sizing. Needless to say, I has a couple transactions which included the staff having to order the shirt online. Decided to order a !D for my 11 y/o daughter and again sizing issues due to the "women's" shirt was a junior. After 4 transactions, we have the correct sizes and 2 happy kids. This Mom is extremely appreciative of the courtesy and professionalism of the store employees (Ashley x2, District Mang who happened to be there at one of my visits to name 2 of the 4). Ashley also informed us that if their jewlery breaks, it can be returned at any time. Extremely impressed with return policy too. Thank you!
2	Seems like more and more shops are closing. I don't go often, but every time I'm close by it surprise me to see half empty mall. All the good stores in the area are actually outside that mall, and from what it looks now soon enough it will be only Macy's and JCP there
3	A good variety of stores. My son and his friends had a great time at the theatre and
2	This mall is very mediocre.  When you compare it to Fashion Square, Chandler  Fashion  or even some outdoor malls like Desert Ridge and Tempe Marketplace....it doesn't seem to live up to its name.  It is called Paradise Valley Mall after all.  I have been coming to this mall since the 80's and feel it needs a major renovation.  The mall itself is very dark inside and several stores are left empty. Here are the things that I do like about PV Mall:  great for moms to visit with their kids; family restrooms and nursing area. They have a weekly story time that you can sign up for which includes a free ride on the carousal. They have a train that runs throughout, perfect for little kids, a few good anchor stores, a Starbucks inside and that's about it!
4	After all these years I still love PV Mall. I'm shocked the McDonalds closed after all these years. Clearly I haven't been here in a while. It brings back tons of memories from childhood. The remodel they did years back is nice and I like the furniture throughout the mall. The crowd looks clean cut and even the kids look like upstanding citizens. I'd come back a lot if I lived closer to it.
2	Let me start with this As you walk in the first establishment on the right is empty it's one of those malls that you literally have to avoid making eye contact with the employees in the kiosks down the middle of the hallway they will literally pressure you with all kinds of stuff really making you feel awkward and uncomfortable if you shop at Dillards or JCPenney's or Sears great other then that the mall has nothing to offer I would say 1/5 of the rental space is boarded up really a horrible experience
2	This is an alright mall. It satisfies my needs. It was a good mall when I first moved to the valley around 10 years ago, but all of the old stores have gone out of business, and these tacky new boutiques have been ushered in. The quality of the shops have declined a lot since then.  There are only a few decent stores left.The mall is also riddled with very pushy, small kiosk sellers who hound you as you walk through minding your own business. Granted, these are in every mall, but I feel that other mall's kiosks aren't this bad. I have managed to master the art of ignoring these sellers.The food court is sub-par as well now. A lot of the well-known fast food places have gone out of business, and a lot of my favorite fast food places there have gone away and have been replaced with mediocre food options.The inside of the mall looks outdated and the entire place is in major need of re-vamping. This mall pales in comparison to Scottsdale Fashion Square.
3	I want to love Paradise Valley Mall, I really do.  Its close to where I live they have a Chompie's so I cant get my lox and black and white cookie on.  They have a Dillard's, Macy's ... Costco? The Costco, although I appreciate is kinda disheartening and reminds me of the downward spiral that Christown aka Spectrum went through.  The problem with the mall is its just sad, there are some worthwhile stores but too much sadness (empty space).  I wish some new management would come in and breathe some new life into a great location thats just missing something.
2	In its heyday (80s and 90s) I would have given it 4 stars, but it just doesn't have that mall energy or buzz any more. It has too many cheap specialty shops. The best thing about this mall is it is a cool place to go in the summer. It needs some serious updating to be more relevant to the times. However, my son loves the play area and "choo-choo".
1	Horrible- treated my special needs son playing in play area with my younger son like a criminal. Never said anything to other older sibs playing with their younger ones. Henry from security a total douche. I tried to talk to mall management but I followed up many times and never got a return call. Haven't been there in over 2 years- kinda glad to see all the other bad reviews and others staying away.
3	Strengths: Kids:Toddler play area, toddler train, Coca Cola Carousel.Anchor tenants: Macy's, Dillard's, Costco.Food Court: Crepes, Japanese, Korean. Also Chompie's on the East side.Movie theater: Avoid the crowds at The Picture Show.Weaknesses:Anchor tenants: JC Penney, Sears still trying to find themselves.Specialty Stores: Ongoing battle to keep mall fully leased.Food Court: McDonald's and others have closed.Clearly not one of the strongest malls in the valley, but enough improvements have been made to give it a decent pulse. The location is just too convenient for the mall to be allowed to fade away. Surrounding retailers such as Hobby Lobby, Best Buy and Target, not to mention numerous nearby chain and independent restaurants, make Cactus and Tatum a vibrant area..
3	Ok, its not the greatest mall.  Its not where the kids want to go.  Its rarely crowded except maybe on Black Friday.  I like that its NOT crowded.  It has some unique shops.  It works for me.  I like the massage chairs and the $3 charge visa gift cards, a decent food court, I'm a fan of Hot topic, Spencer gifts & Fuzziwig's, and there is plenty of clothing stores...   I'm not sure how it stays in business but I'm glad it does!  Proximity is king - I could go to Desert Ridge, yet usually will choose PV instead.
4	Silver Effects has great merchandise-there are silver rings in many sizes, and there are many rings to choose from per size.
