4	Went to the At&t store this past week to get my girlfriend on the iPhone 4 bandwagon.  The store was very friendly and assisted us in our purchase with no problem.  The store was well put together and makes a nice addition to the Centennial shopping center.  I wish the store on my side of Vegas was the same.
1	My wife and I went to this store to try to rectify a problem with her cell phone. We have been AT&T customers for over eight years, so they have gotten their share of cash out of us. We got nothing but a runaround at this store. They were willing to lose our business and have us sign up with another carrier because my wife was two weeks short of her upgrade date. After calling customer service they told us to go to another store, and they would see to it that we got proper treatment. We were treated like valued customers at the other store. At this one we were treated like errant children. I will not be talked down to by people I am paying to provide a service for me, and I will never set foot in this store again.
1	Caveat Emptor!!! Just found out that they added $9.99 fee for insurance that I didn't ask for ($6.99 and $3.00 for 2 services!!) and declined when I upgraded to Iphone 5. I know that I didn't ask for it and declined it because I never buy insurance for anything that I buy. I cannot even remember someone talking to me about phone locator service, totally not  aware that they do offer this feature. I remember reviewing my bill to make sure that I am keeping my old plan and that my payment will not change. Poor customer service, felt like I got scammed! For those who are upgrading, make sure to check the breakdown of that very first bill after upgrading. Caught it early to get my account credited..
5	EXCELLENT Customer Service at this Store!! Please note that some of the other reviews on here that are negative, are not directed towards the store, or even the employees- but with the AT&T company. I went into the store to add a phone for my daughter to our current plan. We went into the store prepared, having looked over our current bill online and we had Investigated the other available AT&T plans. The gentlemen we spoke with went above & beyond to get us with the best plan for our family and helped us attain an Iphone 4 for the new addition. He helped us save money wherever possible and was honest about what features we truly needed, and what we could go with-out. While we where doing this the Manager passed out left-over packs of Easter Candy to my younger kids, and made their day! Then the rep & manager came together to solve a bigger problem for us- The service we get at our house- No Service! We live in Providence community of Centennial Hills, where we dont get the best service. Well they solved our problem. They gave us a piece of equip. worth a couple hundred bucks and Viola we have 5 bars now in our home! The store overall was Helpful, Kind, and Provided EXCELLENT Service. Thank You!!!
1	The customer service here is the worst. Twice I have had issues and both times have been sent away with an oh well we cannot help you. I have had better service in dealing with AT&T over the phone or at a satellite branch. Overall if I was not locked in a contact I would go elsewhere. I am in customer service and know what you can and cannot do to help your customer. Do not use this location! Maybe others are better. And if you get a guy named Dale run! Had him both times with my issues and  he sucked!
1	One of the most frustrating retail experiences I've ever had. I stopped in last night, wandered around for about 5 minutes until someone was free, was put on a list and told it would be a short wait. 15 minutes later, I asked how much longer a short wait would be. Person said she didn't know. Sales manager, Derrick approached me, said she had told him that I was asking how much longer the wait would be and told me that there was one person ahead of me (the same person who had been ahead of me since I walked in) and that it could be as long as another 40 minutes before I would be able to speak to someone. Meanwhile, Derrick and the girl who checked me in continued to help other customers who walked in after me with what I assume were quicker purchases (I was trying to buy a phone, others seemed to be buying items unrelated to their accounts). I told Derrick that my biggest frustration was not the wait, but that no one told me when I walked in how long the wait would be, that there were 5 people on the floor when I walked in in addition to the 2 of them and now there were only 2 (3 others had mysteriously disappeared behind that depressing staff only door in the back, and that they still didn't know how long it would be.25 minutes later, I got to see someone. Because of something that the Sahara store had done, my account shows that I'm not eligible for an upgrade, though I am. I visited the sahara store a couple of weeks ago and they said the saw what the problem was and had made notes to my account that I am eligible. Neither Derrick nor his salesperson were able to find what the problem was on my account nor the notes that were (according to Sahara) made to the account.Clearly, there are some managerial problems with this store. As I was leaving in frustration and trying to understand why I had spent so long in the store only to find out that they couldn't help me, Derrick told me that he thought he had "been more than understanding" about how long I had waited and the situation with the upgrade. That was the end of the line for me. I had been understanding by waiting so long, by not raising my voice, by not storming out. The person who is paid to help me and sell me things was not being understanding by doing his job. Go here if you want to wait and want frustration. Otherwise, find a different store and/or different carrier.
1	don't go to this store if you don't want to sit for 30 minutes when it's not busy just to get a new iphone. place is full of employees walking around.
5	I want to comment on Derrick the manager here. He was outstanding (had some negative reviews below). He immediately greeted me, discussed my issue and was so helpful. He really apologized for long wait (rec MAKE AN APPT IF U GO HERE) and was extremely professional. I did not get service bc of time but again, was impressed by his management.
5	Been an AT&T customer for years, just moved from NY to NV, glad I know I can come here and get any questions I have answered. Very friendly & helpful team! Shout out to Derrick for the great customer service!.
1	Stay away from this store. The manager is rude, a fraud, and arrogant!!!  They talked us into a plan that costs me $600 for a cell phone. I had no idea that I was paying that, the 'installments" were supposed to be at the discounted price ($199). We went to Corporate who agreed with me and logged a complaint against the store. The manager had the ability to right the wrong but refused! Unless you just are paying for something off the shelf and you know the price stay away from contracts. The manager wanted us to sit down with the sales person and discuss because it was not his problem. Bad Bad bad.......Thankfully Corporate helped us to defer costs
5	Love that this store was so helpful and it was all Armando - he was very patient with an indecisive customer and the previous week with and technically challenged grandma thank you again and if we decide to change our plans we will come see him!!
4	This is a great store. The staff is helpful and informative. We ALL know that reps are doing their job as best as they can. If you have to wait a little longer it's usually because the reps are doing their jobs thoroughly and correctly. This is an AT&T store. Make an appointment if you don't want to wait.If you choose to simply walk in, expect a bit of a wait. You ARE not better than those who work at the store. If you want to be treated kindly, do the same. I've been coming to this particular store for many years. It really doesn't get much better than this store! It's clean and they always have items in stock. It's a good location as well. My only recommendation for the store: Get a water cooler. If I'm waiting 10-15 minutes and didn't bring water, it can make the wait worse. It would be pretty sweet. Remember, People: NOBODY IS PERFECT. BE PATIENT. :-)
1	This store is just awful. The staff is very unfriendly and unhelpful. Juan assisted us with a stolen phone and we were informed it would take several days to receive a replacement, even with premium insurance!!! Unacceptable. I've know people to receive a replacement the same day with a different company. Will definitely be checking into other carriers after today. Juan was not only rude to us, but other customers approaching him while he was "assisting" us. He had a better-than-you attitude and the manager was no better. Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous.
1	I have been a AT&T customer for over 12 years and recently had to replace my phone. I'm not sure if all stores are like this one, but after the initial friendly greeting from the blue shirt members, they get right down to business. I explaind my issue, and was given a big fat "your not covered" and "we can't help in this store, because you got the phone from a reseller"... that's strange because the sign said AT&T on the door. After wasting my first hour with this 20 year old "insurance" sales man, I moved on to the manager. Wow, this guy was something else, rude, arrogant, demeaning, talking slow to me and explaining that it was a computer error and not their problem, only after I had pointed out for the 10th time it was their mistake....oh sorry I mean the "OTHER AT&T STORE". He said he would call his manager and get back to me. Hour and a half wasted in my busy schedule.   I got a call several days later and a new phone a week later. The "insurance" deductible was still several hundred. I should have just replaced the screen myself. Lesson learned.This store promotes sales only, not customer service. If there were no stars, they get it. Yes I have my phone, but only after becoming one of those angry customers whom I detest. I will not go back to this store, which is so frustrating because apparently the "retailer stores" are not AT&T.....any way, that's for another day.Avoid this store! These guys will soon be working at a car sales near you!
1	As of the date of this review, the store is staffed with a bunch of kids that would rather dance on the job and "hang out" rather than support customers.  It reminded me of a visit to my son's high school.  Why they have to explain to me how "cool" they are and what parties they attend is beyond me.  I blame the management.  If it were my company, I'd be pissed because I guarantee those employees are costing AT&T serious sales revenue.
1	Absolutely terrible service, after nearly an hour of waiting for the employee to come out of the back with my new phone he told me that I had to buy it at retail price even though it clearly stated online that I could buy it at the discounted price.
5	I have been with At&t for more than 10 years,  Great customer service,  no matter what the reason for your visit, they will always help, I have bought 4 phones with them and so far I have no regrets.
