2	First impressions are hard...The people were nice the burger was shit. The fries seemed fresh cut but were dripping with grease. No combo's only ala carte items. BURGER, previously frozen cheap ass burger with cheese, flat grilled with no seasoning (that I could detect) The bun lettuce and tomato were good. FRIES nice flavor, nice fresh cut NOT nice greasy greasy... and  Mr PIbb all for $6.17
1	even the air is saturated with grease. i literally went straight to Kohl's and bought a shirt off their clearance rack to wear back to the rest of my work day.
4	This isn't a 4 star diner, its a burger stand and ice cream place.Their Specialty Hot Dogs were quite good, and the staff was very friendly.I didn't care for the fries, but the onion rings my lady got were good.The ice cream was FANTASTIC!
3	I really wanted to like this place. I love the idea of a simple, local fast food establishment. Being objective however requires me to give it  a less than glowing review. The people were friendly, the service as fast as it was good, but the burgers my girlfriend and I got were not exactly of the greatest quality. The patties were similar to if not exactly the same as a bulk box of low grade burger patties I once bought at WinCo. Fine if you're trying to get more protein and calories into your diet, but not so good when you're trying to build a business on burgers.If the meat changes, I'll give a better review.
4	This place seems to be getting a bad rap but really I thought it was pretty good. My only complaint was how long it took to get our order out of the drive thru, but it was a big order so I won't treat them too harshly.Prices could be a little lower, but nothing too outrageous for a locally owned non-chain burger joint.They do have some clever menu items (Chorizo Dog!) that my family enjoyed a lot. Their burgers were pretty good too.It looks like they may have had some troubles early on but got them corrected. My verdict is that they deserve an honest shot. Would return. It's not bad!
3	Decent burger place. Better than McDonalds. The person working drive through was knowledgeable of the menu items and very polite. It did take a longer time then optimal to get our food with this being fast food.Interesting menu, the Chorizo Dog was spicy but really good. Onion Rings were pretty stellar. The chicken nuggets weren't bad either.This is definitely a place I would like to see grow and adapt their menu items. I hope they get the chance.I will return and support a local business.
