5	Visited last night for dinner with friends.  Our party of 4 split a large 18" pepperoni pizza and an order of 12 garlic knots.  The food was EXCELLENT!    I think the dough/crust MAKES the pizza and Brooklyn V's has it down pat.  This space has been occupied by a few pizza joints since I've lived in the area and I've never been too impressed - but I'll definitely be back to Brooklyn V's.  Other +'s:*Cannoli's - Very good!*Iced Tea - Fresh!*Friendly staff*Nice family/owners that took the time to say hello and welcome us to their establishment.
4	Brooklyn V's opened 3 weeks ago and is having typical start-up issues with a new young staff. But, that's the only area that needs improvement! I wanted to try Brooklyn V's because as I was sitting at the stop light at Lindsey and Warner - the most wonderful pizza aroma drifted across the intersection. I told my husband, based on the aroma alone we needed to try this place. The FOOD IS WONDERFUL and definitely lived up to the tantalizing aroma! We ordered house salads and the Sausage and Pepper Stromboli. We didn't receive the Stromboli we ordered, however we kept the dish brought because the crust was so crispy and light, the cheese was perfectly stringy and gooey, and the combination of meats inside tender and tasty. Paired with their marinara sauce, we couldn't send it back - it was that good!One of the owners stopped by to check on our dinner. When we let her know what happened, she "comped" us Cannolis for dessert. The plate was chilled and the presentation was something I would have expected from a more upper end restaurant. We are so glad to have Brooklyn V's in our neighborhood and within walking distance! We'll be returning again and again to try the other items on the menu - which we expect will be equally flavorful.
3	Very low key, but nice server, great food (huge portions) and just satisfied my pasta craving.  Only wish they had beer.......
5	This restaurant is a very pleasant surprise to walk into. With it being kind of tucked in the corner of a shopping center that hasn't seemed to have much success, you would just be expecting a cheap pizza place that doesn't serve much more than average pizza and maybe some wings. Brooklyn V's offers a very pleasant, homey feel when you walk inside and the staff is very friendly. They are very grateful for your business and deliver a menu and quality of food that makes you want to come back for more. Within the last week or two I have already eaten here twice and nothing has yet to disappoint. Portions are extremely generous and the quality of food is something you would expect at a restaurant charging a steeper price. For my first visit, me and my girlfriend split a 12 or 14 inch pizza (can't remember the exact size, but not the largest size) and a Caesar salad. The Caesar salad had just the right amount of dressing and tasted about as good as a Caesar salad can get. It was also served on a chilled plate, which added a nice touch. The size of the salad was quite large and could probably feed at least 3 as an appetizer before the meal. The pizza came out a few minutes later and was quite delicious. A NY style pie that had the right amount of crispness to it, which is tough to come across. Most NY style pizzas are pretty flimsy, but Vito seems to have a great recipe. I am a stickler on Pizza and this easily satisfied me. About as good as I could expect out of a pizza that wasn't cooked in a wood fired brick oven. During my second visit I decided to venture out and try the Bow tie pasta with pesto sauce. I am not a huge pasta person but I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and portion size once again. During this visit, we also decided to try Vito's cannolis and that was an EXCELLENT choice. The cannolis were superb and I have been craving them ever since. I would give Brooklyn V's a 4 1/2 star rating if that were possible on yelp. The only things I wish differently would be that the plates were maybe a dollar or two cheaper ($10 for a pasta plate, I think the salad was somewhere between $5.50-7 and then a 1-topping 12 or 14 inch pizza was $16) and I think the speed of service will improve with experience. Overall, Brooklyn V's provides a much higher quality of food and service than you would expect out of a place tucked back in the corner of a Goodwill shopping center, next to a smoke shop. I have encouraged others to try it and the one family that did was very happy, so I hope others enjoy it as well.
4	I tried this place today, and I was impressed. I had the 2 pizza slice & drink lunch special. The margherita pizza was fantastic. The crust was thin & crispy, which I usually don't like because other pizzerias either make it too hard or too limp. This crust was incredible. They also have delivery service. I will not order chain pizza again.
5	We had some amazingly fresh bruschetta here as well as some very richly flavored lasagna, garlic knots and cannolis. We had excellent service and our server was very attentive. Additionally she and the other staff were so passionate about their food and the restaurant that it was contagious. We were truly blown away by this place! The  food beat out some of the street crap I had in Rome over the summer!
5	OMG! THIS IS THE PLACE for an authentic NY Italian meal!!!!My man decided on a whim that I was going to try a new place after he had tried it for lunch. He said he couldn't wait to take me to Brooklyn V's.I am a very picky eater and I am not a fan of chains so I was really happy to support a small business that really knows its business!We started with these little bread things they call garlic knots that come with marinara YUM! This was starting out fantastic. You can tell a lot from the marinara, ya know ;) We each ordered a Stromboli and they were to die for! I could have cut it lengthwise and just crawled in, they do kinda look like sleeping bags. You know when you taste something so good the world just kinda stops spinning? Yeah......Oh sorry!We took a tiramisu home to split for later. The waitress said it was heaven in a box. I haven't had too much luck with tiramisu here in AZ so I wasn't too excited. A couple hours later her words were still echoing in my head and I just had to taste it.Fireworks shot off! The band started playing and suddenly I was in Italy! Reluctantly I put the other half (well almost half, he he)  back in the fridge for my man.The liquor license is coming folks!
5	Went to Brooklyn V's last night for dinner for the first time with my family.  I was intrigued because they were from Staten Island so I figured they knew good pizza.  It is hard to find a good "pie" out in AZ.  The restaurant did not disappoint.  We had the Margherita and the White Eggplant Pizza's.  They we amazing. The dough was light and thin. The sauce was perfect. Not to thick and acidic. The eggplant pizza is a must.  I can't wait to go back again and try the dinner selections.  The staff was so friendly.  It actually felt like a "family".  Highly recommended.  They deliver and cater also!
5	Being from the East Coast, it is hard to find an authentic New York pizza in AZ. Brooklyn V's is FANTASTIC!!!! Takes me back home.... The crust is fantastic with just the right amount of cheese. We've been here several times but haven't ordered anything other than pizza yet. Based on the other reviews,  trying the Stromboli next. Check this place out, you won't be sorry!
4	Just tried Brooklyn's based on Yelp reviews. Pizza is outstanding. Will definitely be back. Upon entering this place you can tell right away this is a family run establishment. Very genuinely friendly staff. I noticed the other patrons and there were smiles at every table. Next time, I'm going for the sausage and peppers hero. It looks amazingly delicious.
4	I got the lunch special, 2 slices and a soda for $5.75. I think it's a great deal and the pizza was delicious. I'm picky when it comes to my pizza crust and they didn't burn it which was great. Sometimes places that have thinner crust blacken their pizza before it comes to the table but it arrived hot and the perfect crispiness. This place is tucked away in a strip mall, but it doesn't take away from the great prices and good food.
3	Pizza was average for New York style. Delivery was pretty quick but the pizza was cold and way over-priced. 25 dollars for one pizza is a little ridiculous.
3	I am not from New York, I have never been to New York. I have no expectations for pizza based on my old New York neighborhood or from childhood memories. Growing up in Mexico, pizza choices in the small town of Agua Prieta were somewhat limited to a couple of restaurants that served pies that had one thing in common to New York style pizza, the shape was round.Hungry last night, after a very stressful day at work, we wanted some food to be delivered to us. We wanted to be able to order it without hassle and we wanted it delivered fast. Demanding, I know. In this area ,Brooklyn V's Pizza delivered. I ordered it online, in a very easy to use website, they delivered it to my home and took about 45 minutes, which is a great time on a friday night.The pizza we ordered was the buffalo chicken pizza, not a very traditional pie, but I had been wanting to try it. The cost for an 18" pie was $20.00, a little on the expensive side. I was hoping for a delicious pizza, and I am not going to lie, the dough had very good flavor, but that was it. The chicken was extremely salty, to the point that we had to take it off the pizza, which wasn't a big task because there hardly was any chicken on the pizza to begin with, and the worst is the chicken was way too dry, and it hardly had any  buffalo sauce in it. So I wasn't too pleased with this pie, but I am sure if I stick to a classic next time, they will do better in this department.We also ordered a cheese calzone with bacon and their garlic knots and those were the highlight of our meal. The calzone was filled with lots of cheese and bacon and tasted delicious. The garlic knots and the accompanying marinara sauce were so delicious we were fighting over them. I would definitely go back to Brooklyn V's pizza and probably eat in and order a more traditional pie or something else off the menu. For a pizza, a calzone and the order of knots I spent $45.00 including delivery and tip.
1	Ordered 2 large pizzas and when I went to pick them up, I askede if there were any discounts I could get some money off. The man Veto says from the back, "NO THERE ARE NO DISCOUNTS" ,"OUR PIZZA IS THE BEST IN THE VALLY"!!After spending 36.?? I got home and the fucking pizza was cold, Tasted like Cardboard, And was burnt to shit. This place is nothing like the pizza place that was there before. They will never make it there for long. The place was dirty, the Kitchen looks like a Toilet, and the front area was nice but not orderly. The front staff was nice and was sitting with other customers as if they were family and did not even acknowledge me or thank me for my business. I guess the owner was Veto, What an ASSHOLE! And With a NEW YORK ATTITUDE.Never will go back again!!!
1	Placed a rather simple pick up order-small pepperoni pizza.  I was not told a price on the phone, I figured it would be in the 10 dollar range.  Lesson learned, never assume anything!  When i got there, I paid over 15$, which, I'm sorry is EXCESSIVE!   They need to sprinkle gold or something on there to make it worth the money at that price.  Either way, I paid since I did order it and figured if it was a really good pizza it was worth it.  Needless to say I was further disappointed when I got home and started eating it-now, I don't have extremely high standards when it comes to pizza-I love dominos, pizza hut, you name it-but the sauce was bland and had no taste to it. I lived in Boston for many years and have visited NYC many times; believe me when I tell you, this place has nothing, and I mean NOTHING in common with NY pizza.  I was disappointed and won't be back.
5	Phenom eats, seriously!  The service is amazing, our favorite server is Anna. She's always there to greet us with a big, family-sized smile and makes sure that everyone is receiving equal care (never sits on her rump, just making sure that everyone is getting the best service!)  The food, now THERE is something to BRAG about! My favorite thing to eat so far is the White Eggplant Pizza.  This gastronomical concept is so far out of my comfort zone, I didn't know if I was married to an Italian long enough, Glory Be! 13 Years and I was eating eggplant like a pro!.  I'm here to tell you it is THE BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER HAD! We're attempting to hit everything on the menu, so far we've dabbled with Garlic Knots, Eggplant Parmesan, Lasagna, Bruschetta, Baked Ziti, Stuffed Shells, and meatballs and every single thing has been extraordinary in flavor and quality!  We have never been disappointed.Try this place, your taste buds will thank you!  Oh and don't forget to sign up for the loyalty program, those points add up QUICKLY!Ignore those people that have left unsavory comments. Look at those accounts, one of them ONLY seems to YELP negative reviews and use foul language, really? Do you trust that kind of poppycock, I don't, I let the Cannoli cream talk for themselves?)
5	Love this place. I've been three times, once for pizza, then penne in vodka sauce, and most recently spaghetti with meat sauce. Absolutely everything is made fresh and I can taste every bit of it! The sauces are fantastic. Next time I'm trying the pesto. I don't even like pesto, but that's how much I enjoy the food here. The service is great too. Very friendly and warm staff. Feels like home.
5	There have been a few pizza places in this suite over the years, I tried them all but never went back after trying them out once or twice (and I live pretty much right across the street). Love the food here, owners and servers are very nice and bend over backwards to give you what you want. I've brought friends here and they've enjoyed the food and atmosphere as well!!!
5	I have had many entrees here and have never been disappointed.  Spaghetti and meatballs,  Alfredo with chicken, lasagna or ziti are awesome. Sauce, cheese and meat are of high quality.  Everything we ever get is good,  great value and consistent. We often go home with leftovers for lunch. You cannot beat this wonderful Italian find for great food and friendly service.
1	Well, once again I tried it for chance. Still the rude son of a bitch New Yorkers with extremely high prices for the shit they serve. Let me tell you, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT.
5	Love this place. Love their food.As authentic to NY Italian as it gets here in Az. Very nice, cozy atmosphere with great service from our waitress Allora. We were a party of 12 last night and everyone was raving about their dishes. The cheese pizza here is superb : perfect crust, great sauce and just the right mix of cheese. Eggplant parm was the best I have had in years and their calzones are amazing. Cooked just right and everything blended well. My experience in Az with other restaurants trying to make Calzones has been so so with most just throwing the stuff in hoping it gels. The owner Vito has been doing this for 30 years and certainly brings that and more to this awesome place.  My new favorite place in Gilbert.
5	Best food ever.    Love the chicken parm and meatballs to die for. Everything authentic and made fresh.  Wow.  Can't wait to come back.  My wide had the caprese salad and the balsamic is fresh and homemade.   You gotta eat here.
5	So good!!!  Real east coast Italiano!!!  Some favorites - eggplant parm - very authentic, thinly sliced!!  Ask for Desiree - awesome waitress with good recommendations.
1	Been to Brooklyn V's several times since they've open, my complaint isn't the food...Last night my husband tried to order a pizza for take out. It was 845, they close at 9. The young female on the phone stated that they didn't want to make our pizza since they were closing... Wow. Great customer service. We normally aren't those ppl that order for right before close, but we are moving away from the area and that would have been our last time there. Thanks for the great memory.
5	Great food, great customer service. We are from NY and really are thrilled to have amazing pizza and cannoli in Gilbert! Will be back again for sure.
3	Not a bad place to get take out from. If you are looking for real NY pizza and pasta this is the place for you!
5	Great service, clean and friendly. The food was great prices and tastey. Not my most fav sauce but the raviolli was yummy!
5	Everything is fresh! I was first pleased at how good the ranch dressing was, light, not heavy. I ordered pizza, which was great, but immediately thought the baked ziti looked so good...I'll be back! The price is super for the quality and I'd recommend anyone that likes New York style pizza give this place a try.
5	Great food, staff and atmosphere! We had our local lunch club here and it was great! I would recommend everyone to try the ziti as well as the pizza!
5	A most go to place!!! You can taste the freshness, you can tell they make the dough daily. Amazing
5	FANTASTIC!!!  This is a great little find.  tucked in the corner, real mom/pop feel.  The bread knots were a fun appetizer (amazingly priced) and my family enjoyed a pepperoni pizza.  the red sauces were fantastic!!  Vito himself even came out and chatted with us for a few.Nice atmosphere, great food, great price.  You've got a customer here!!! We'll be back!!
5	Wow, walking into this place brought so many "Back East" memories. Bright and clean, amazing customer service and the food is out of this world.  My son always told me when you visit a new place the ONLY pizza you order first is a Cheese pie.  That is how you judge the pizza.  You have got to stop in, even if just a slice and a coke! Bill July 2014Bill Salvatore          Realtor  / Veteran / OwnerRealty Executives East ValleyFounder AZVHV / Veterans Helping Veterans President VAREP Phoenix Chapter602.999.0952   www.yourValleyProperty.com Save $2000 buying or selling  HOME here...."Honored to be selected top AGENT in Gilbert for 2014 by EV Tribune."
5	The food is delicious!  The owner will come out and shake your hand at your table and ask how the food is and if we need anything.  He is so friendly.  This is a family owned business and all of the staff/family are extremely nice and personable. This is the restaurant we continue to go back to time and again.
5	First off we had the garlic knots. They were SO DAMN GOOD. Perfect balance of crispy outside with soft gooey insides and not overly garlic'd. The sauce was made fresh in house and had great flavor. We ordered 12 - 6 would be enough for most people as they are larger than I expected them to be. None survived though :)Excellent pizza. Tried the margherita and was very impressed. The basil was super fresh, as were the tomatoes and it had clumps of gooey real mozzarella. The crust was perfect. If you like NY pizza this is the closest I've found it in AZ. The pepperoni was also very good. Not too greasy with nice flavor. Also, you can order by the slice and it still comes fresh so that was great for lunch.For dessert the Snickers pie was amazing. It was not too sweet which is often something I dislike in those types of pie. The owner, Vito, came over and chatted with us for a bit which was a nice touch and our server Nadine was super friendly and attentive. Dining room and restrooms were very clean. We will definitely be back to try other things off the menu. Hands down crushes Casanova Bros.
5	Everything here is amazing.   Garlic Knotts.   Chicken Marsala, and the pizza is top notch.   I am an east coast pizza snob and this pizza is LEGIT! !!!Come and try this place you won't be disappointed.
4	Really awesome pasta dishes, I love the fact they don't use sausage in every dish.  Wished they had garlic bread as a side.  Pizza is good, wife likes it a lot more than I do, probably wouldn't order it if not for her.  Side salads are pricey but entrees will leave you enough for lunch the next day and are priced right.  Nothing fancy , real casual but yummy.
5	Delicious! We moved from NYC 2 1/2 years ago and have been to many pizzerias where we have been told it's just like NY pizza and each have fallen short. My husband found this place on Yelp and OMG this is it. Cheese pizza reminds us of back home. We went back today with his brother and family and we ate and ate and ate. Cheese pizza, V3 pizza, eggplant pizza and the bianco pizza--- yum yum yum! The mini zeppolis  and cannolis are delish. We are definitely going back to try the calzones and pasta dishes. It's a 20 min drive from home and so worth it.
5	Can't eat pizza anywhere else now !!! Close my eyes and feel like in Brooklyn eating Bay Pizza by train in Sheepshead Bay.. and their sauce is delicious. ...and they leave the the bubbled pockets of dough and don't pop them like other places!! Cannoli's perfectly sweet, garlic knots w/fresh chopped garlic perfectly crisp on outside and yummy on inside!! This is my only place for Italian food now.. and owner is friendly as is waitstaff.. Enjoy the food every time I come here, it is worth the trip no matter how far..
5	We had Spaghetti and Meat Sauce and Zita.  The Meat Sauce was one of the best we ever had.  The music was "Sinatra/Martin" and it felt like we belonged.  Great place to eat, food was  excellent.
5	Got takeout on Saturday Night (9/27).  It was our first time ordering from them, so we decided to order a cheese pizza.  In my opinion, the true litmus test for any pizza is getting the pizza in it 's purest form, plain cheese. Well, Brooklyn V's passed this test with flying colors.  The sauce had great flavor and the crust had the right amount of crispness and chewiness. We strive to support only locally owned restaurants, not chains. I love that this place is 2 minutes from our house.  We'll be back!
1	Seriously!!! I mean this place got 4.5 stars ! Worst pizza i ever tried , nothing special at all , i ordered for home delivery and got my order after 75 minutes cold , the the pizza tastes horrible . First time and never again
4	Best eggplant Parmesan by far! We've tried the gambit of eggplant parm at other  Italian restaurants here in the valley and nothing compares to Brooklyn Vs!!
5	Amazing food and quality service. The atmosphere is great and the service is phenomenal. The restaurant is fairly new (opened about a year ago) and the staff really makes you feel at home. I'm originally from New York myself, and I absolutely love Brooklyn V's, it makes me homesick in the best kind of way! I've tried all of their pizzas, a few of their dinners and all of their strombolis. The food is incredible. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to ANYONE! I recommend the garlic knots as an appetizer for all first time customers, not only are they a great price, but they are just unbeatable!5 out of 5 stars, always.
5	The garlic knots are to die for and the eggplant pizza is freaking amazing. The owners Bob and Vito go out of their way to make you feel welcome and these guys do a ton of fundraisers to give back to their local community.
5	Amazingly great food. Owner is super nice and friendly. Good prices and very clean inside and out. Taste flavor everything absolutely amazing. First time here found my new home for pizza definitely won't go anywhere else now. If your ever in Gilbert Arizona don't pass up this place without stopping in and grabbing something to eat. Thanks for the great food experience and service.
5	This place is incredible - GREAT food, great service - we will definitely be back!
5	These guys get five stars from me not just because owner is from newyork like myself but the pizza is the best in Arizona. I have found so far especially the buffalo chicken pizza. Great job guys keep it up!
1	We ordered 2 stromboli's, thinking we were getting NY style stromboli's, but what we got were 2 loaves of bread with a little bit of filling.  For starters, ANY time I've ever ordered a stromboli, much less 2 of them, it has had to come out in a pizza box due to the size of them.  But when 2 of them came out together fitting on ONE paper plate, I was already highly disappointed considering the $22 price tag.  Once getting home and beginning to slice them up, the first 2 inches of the end was all bread, and as we started getting in through the rest of it, the crust of it was so think and breadlike, there was no room for filling.  I've attached some photos to showcase the size and filling.  Past all that, taste was only... ehh.  The Eggplant parm stromboli was very bland and sausage and meatball stromboli was mediocre at best.  I never leave bad feedback on these kinds of sites, but this one we felt needed to be addressed.  Just know what you're getting when you order a "stromboli" there.
4	I accidently stumbled upon Brooklyn V's last night. I was headed to another pizza place to try for the first time but it was closed. I decided to get a slice and a salad. They get points for offering a slice right off the bat.1. The crust was perfect, very true to the Brooklyn way. Flavorful. A+2. The sauce was very nice, I do like a little more sauce, but it was quality. A+3. Ingredients - Sausage- A.  Roasted Pepper- A+.  Eggplant- A. (It was very good, however it was tossed in tasty bread crumbs, but I do prefer the eggplant without the crumbs.) 4. Salad - I ordered a simple dinner salad with Ceasar dressing. Lettuce was a mix of greens and Romajne. Very crisp and fresh. Ceasar Dressing- A+5. Service- I can't comment too much as I was a carry out, but the young lady who took my order was very nice, I didn't ask, but she brought me a glass of water while I waited and that always gets points. She knew the menu well when I was deciding on my order and possible future orders. I will be back to dine in for sure.
5	This was our first time at Brooklyn V's.  We had the garlic knots, sausage, meatball, and pepperoni stromboli, and sausage and peppers hero.  The stromboli was amazing!  Other reviews have shown that is was more bread and small amount of meat, which was not the case!We will definately be back!
3	I was really excited walking in and hearing all the accents and such, but if this is New York pizza, I'd rather stick with Arizona. Pizza was not terrible, but the sauce was way too watery. Everything slid off of our pizza. They also seemed to be big on the oil as well. Both the pizza and knots had excessive amounts of oil. The service was great and the staff was friendly, which is why I say 3 stars. Would I return? No. Not with all the great choices in the area. $28 for a med pizza, knots, and drink.
5	We moved from NYC 3.5 years ago and could not find authentic pizza, not to mention cannolis. I found Brooklyn Vs on here (yelp) and due to the great reviews decided to try.... YUM YUM YUM. We had the white eggplant pizza, margherita pizza and garlic knots ALL DELICIOUS. As we were getting ready to leave Vito the owner came over and said hello. We told him we could not find good cannolis anywhere, even though we had paid our bill he brought us a few cannolis for us to try... How thoughtful! We will definitely be back to try other things on the menu
4	There are places that sell pizza and places that sell a pizza like substance (Pizza Hut, Domino's, etc).  I would put Brooklyn V's in the category that sell pizza.Started off with the garlic knots.  They were very good and the marinara sauce that was served with it was good also.Ordered the 14" white pizza and added pepperoni, onion and garlic.  The crust on the pizza was light and crunchy...so that was a good thing.  The pizza itself was a tad soupy but good never the less.  As it turned out, after the garlic knots (small order) the pizza was more than enough for two with leftovers to go home.From a price perspective the price was a tad high when compared to a place that sells pizza like substance  On the other hand it was competitive with places that sell pizza.  So if price versus quality is an issue than a place that sells pizza like substance may be more in order.
5	We LOVE Brooklyn V's. We come here at least once a week. The food is amazing and the service is great. They have added some new girls so be patient, the food is worth the wait anyway. We pretty much have the menu memorized and I haven't eaten anything I haven't liked yet. They are also apart of a great rewards program where you can build up points and earn free food!
5	Very friendly restaurant, fast service and the food was absolutely fantastic. Had an ice cold beer to start, pizza was totally East coast and the ricotta shells with meat sauce. Bob served, Vito prepared and I wouldn't have known that if they weren't so friendly. I will be back!!
