2	I noticed The Purple Pig was popping up a couple weeks ago, and recently went to visit the newest addition to the Tollcross cafe scene. I came with high hopes, and found myself to be very disappointed. There are very many great things about The Purple Pig. It's clean, new, and the staff seem friendly enough. However when I approached the cafe, I wondered if it was even open with the lack of light inside. This left me in the dark (haha), are they already trying to save their electricity bills? It was a grey day, and even with the white walls, a little extra artificial light might have helped. My friend and I even noticed they had no lights on their ceiling? We were quickly approached by a semi-awkward waitress whom said something along the lines of "waddaya want?". It was more difficult than expected to acquire a menu to browse our choices. When we insisted we needed to see it to make our decision she was reluctant to give it to us. Once we received our coffees (flat white and cappuccino) they were very disappointing. I had the cappuccino and it reminded me of the coffees from the machine at my uni. I don't like to be wasteful but I didn't drink more than half. At this time, we didn't want to test our luck on the (dark) desserts. Overall, i wont be returning soon, the coffees are quite rubbish compared to many other cafes nearby!
4	I visited the purple Pig for a colleague's farewell meal.There were 12 of us, and we picked the venue having heard good quality food, and inexpensive, given the no corkage charge byob.The menu was simple, 3 choices each for starter main and desert, and I would have happily eaten anything. I went for the goulash which was tasty although slightly spicer than I would have expected. The Eton Mess was delicious though and made up for the extra kick.Our group spent several hours in the venue, which was quiet apart from our party but wasn't lacking it atmosphere.I would like to see the Purple Pig continue to build business, as I feel this venue has changed many times over the years.Definitely a welcome addition to Tolcross, and very handy for a pre theatre I shpuld imagine.
4	Absolutly adore this little cafe! I fell in love with it when I met up with a friend for a well deserved catch up and althought there isn't very much on the menu everything I have sampled has been absolutely delishious. (Comforting mac and chees is my favourite). Since my first visit I have been on quite a few occasions and every time the staff have peen terrific, always so polite and friendly! The only reason it is a 4 out of 5 is because of the limited menu but that will not stop me from returning :)
