5	Have called Jeff on several jobs and he can work some amazing miracles.  Not only did he do a great job but saved me a ton of money on not having paint or replace and part.  I found out later that Jeff also contracts out his work to to high end dealerships and other collision shop.  Great guy to work with,
5	I have used Phoenix Dent Repair on a few occasions over the past four years for my SUV and they have always done a great job! Mark has always been the one to work on my car and is always thorough and on time. I have had offers to fix dents whenever ive taken my car in to get it serviced at the dealership, but they often charge way too much compared to Phoenix Dent and use national companies. I would rather support my local business and I know that Phoenix Dent will always take care of my auto body needs.
5	These guys are amazing. Mark Zigler is the tech that I have dealt with twice. Both dents he fixed were perfect. One of the dents was on the body line of my 2 month old 2013 Dodge Challenger right in the driver side quarter panel. It was a dent that was almost impossible to fix with out drilling a hole but mark took his time and worked it to perfection with no hole drilled. AMAZING! I am SOOO happy with there work.Thanks Mark
5	Phoenix Dent Repair is GREAT place to get your car back to its former glory!  They come to your place at your convenient time.  Jordan came out to take huge dent out of my Accord. He did a great job and very professionally!  Not your typical car guy.If you have a ding or dent, give these guys a try!
1	I was referred to Phoenix Dent Repair by Airpark Collision Center since I only had a door ding. I called Jeff and made an appointment to have my car serviced at my job location (they're mobile). I also provided him my phone number so he could reach me if something changed. He never showed up at the time. I waited 1/2 hour and never even received a call. I then went online and filled out their appointment form to request a reschedule. I even included in the comments that this was a reschedule since he missed the first appointment. I provided all the details and requested a call back to reschedule. It was over a week and I never received a contact. Needless to say I took my business elsewhere. I will not only not recommend Phoenix Dent Repair, I telling the story of this bad service to others. And I'm writing this review. There are plenty of other good car body repair businesses in the Airpark. There's no need to put up with bad service!
5	The rear quarter panel of my Porsche suffered a small door ding during my first week with the car.  I called Phoenix Dent Repair and spoke with Jeff.  I sent him photos of the dent and he gave me a quick estimate by phone.  The rate was good compared to a few other estimates I had received.  We set an appointment for 2 days later.  He arrived on time and completed the job in less than 20 minutes.  The car looked perfect when all was said and done.  Thank you, Jeff!  I would not hesitate to use these professionals again.
5	I couldn't have been happier with the service. Although the ding in my hood couldn't be repaired because the hood is aluminum, Jeff touched up the paint and also buffed another spot on the fender. No charge! Wow! I think that the one star review must have been written by the competition or someone had companies mixed up.
5	Jeff just left my house 15 minutes ago. Awesome company, awesome service. He fixed my ding in about 20 minutes. Price was reasonable, and he swiped my credit card right on his cell phone using Square. Would highly recommend these guys to anyone. In this day and age of horrible customer service, companies like these need to be recognized.
5	My favorite part about dealing with Jeff for the first time was the convenience.  I called on a Sunday and left a voice mail. He texted back within minutes asking for a picture of the dent. Within seconds I had a quote, within minutes I had scheduled an appointment.  Another dent repair place didn't return my call until the following Monday. (Uh, too late.) We have dealt with several dent repair services in the past and we will not hesitate to recommend Jeff. We are VERY happy with the repair and we completely realize that most dent repair businesses would have been unable to help us. Check out the pictures (gray driver's side quarter panel).
5	Considering all the good reviews and ratings I contacted this company today online to submit my estimate. I also sent an inquiry too. My 2012 Avalanche some how ended up with this mysterious dent in the hood and I told my friend about it who lives in Scottsdale and she referred me to Phoenix Dent Repair. Once the company contacts me and conducts service I will be glad to come back and share my experience. Thanks to all of you who have left a review/rating; helped me out a lot. :DTiffani M
5	Jordan from Phoenix Dent Repair came and fixed my dent in my truck last week. I was so bummed about the dent found in my front hood which was a weird place for the dent to be because I know a rock wouldn't of hit that hard. But Jordan gave me peace of mind, we discussed the appointment date and even though he was busy with other clients he still made time to drive all the way to the North Valley to fix my dent. Everything after the repair looked like nothing ever existed. Thank you Jordan, just told a friend about Phoenix Dent Repair and now he will be calling you soon too. :D Happy Happy Joy Joy
5	I would highly recommend Phoenix Dent Repair.  It was a very easy service to use, I got an estimate with a text message pix of the damage and the repair was completed at my home.   Jeff showed up right on time and did a great job in repairing my front quarter; you can't even tell where the damage was.  He also buffed out some scratches, which wasn't part of his estimate.  I would definitely use Phoenix Dent Repair again!
5	Jeff smoothed out the dent on the roof of my car for $200 and while he was there he took care of some other dents free of charge. He provides mobile service so he'll need a garage or shaded area to work under. Professional and efficient
4	I emailed and even showed a picture weeks ago and still have not heard from anyone.A bike rider ran into my car wasn't paying attention I would really like to get rid of that experience.   UpdateJeff finally got ahold of me and was very polite even though he can't fix my car I give them kudos for listening to what I had too say and even let me text instead of call as I'm very shy also didn't want a family member to know about it , thanks Jeff
4	Very efficient service, was able to repair a hard to fix dent over my rear driver side wheel well.  An estimate from a paint and body shop was $350 plus 3 days without my Subaru. I ended up paying $150 Appointment was very easy to set , arrived on time and was finished in 20 minutes.  No complaints what so ever.
5	These guys are excellent! I reached out via their website for an estimate.  Had a response within a few hours, and scheduled to come out within 2 days.  Jordan came to my home to remove 3 small dents/dings. He was very professional and nice.  Was done in about 30-40 minutes.  I can't even tell exactly where the dents were. Had received a total of 3 estimates.  These guys were by far the most reasonably priced AND they come to you.  Doesn't get any easier!  Granted, I hope that I don't need to call them again, but if I am in need of dent repair in the future, these guys are it!
4	I had a golfball sized dent repaired today on my driver's side door, and am very pleased with the overall result. Speedy service, friendly repairman, and he came and did the job at my work to boot! I'd definitely recommend this place and I will certainly use them again for any future dent or ding repair needs.
5	Requested a quote via their website this weekend, received a quote and scheduled first thing Monday Morning. Jeff showed up on time Tuesday and quickly made the minor dents on my truck and car vanish. Price was much lower than the dealership and cost me almost no effort or time, and he takes Credit Card payment!.  Highly recommended!!
5	Was extremely upset after getting a ding on my perfect Audi A7. After calling around I set up and appointment with the owner.  he showed up at my house and fixed the dent in no time.  I am extremely   satisfied  with the work done.  I highly recommend their work! Now I can sleep knowing my car is perfect again!
5	These guys are excellent! I reached out via their website for an quote and had a response within a few hours, and scheduled to come out within 2 days.They repaired the self inflicted dent on my X6M within an hour and the dent is completely unnoticeable. I highly recommend them.
