4	I was in desperate need (and a little bit of denial) that I needed to get glasses. Today was the day. I had to get my prescription at a different location also located in Chandler Fashion Center but they did not take my insurance as far as frames go so I made my way to Visionworks to pick out frames. I had a good experience here.They are in the process of renovating the store layout so things were understandably a bit messy. The frames were all in there respectable locations, women's, men's, kid's even though they seemed to be still setting up new displays. Visionworks had a great selection, bigger than other local competitors and they also have a wide range of prices which is nice. I ended up with a really beautiful pair of vintage inspired Guess frames which I am kind of in love with right now.The insurance information was easily handled and I had given my prescription and handled all paperwork with in fifteen minutes. The associate was very nice and told me it would only be about an hour to put the prescription lenses in. I was very impressed for a Sunday afternoon, I figured I would have to come back the next day. When I came back to pick them up they were ready and I was out the door. Good service and great selection. I am impressed.
3	Today  I went to get an eye exam with a $49 dollar coupon for a glasses eye exam. The woman who checked me in was professional at first and when I was done with my paperwork she would not stop talking with one of the other employees when I was standing there obviously needing to ask her a question. I left and returned for my eye exam and the optometrist was really nice and got my exam done really fast.. The problem I ran into though was picking out the glasses and the deal for buy one get one FREE. When I sat down with a saleslady (who was very kind) she started ringing up the prices for my two pairs of glasses which totaled over $400 dollars. So in reality it is NOT buy one get one FREE but buy one and double the price. I decided to go only for my glasses and it was $209 for a cheap bendable metal pair. I walked around for a while and came back when I decided that it was not worth it and asked for my money back. The woman who was at the front desk was pretty rude after I told her that the buy one get one FREE was a false advertisement. She got pretty offended by it when she didnt need to and I told her it was not her fault. I will never go back there again for glasses but for the cheap eye exam! do NOT fall for their buy one get one FREE scam!!!
5	Repaired my glasses for free. Very friendly and customer service oriented. Thank you!
2	I made my appointment and arrived on time. I went back and had to wait for a little while due to employee to employee chit chat. They are definitely friendly folks there and I have zero complaints about the eye exam. Initially, I struggled to find a pair of frames because I had difficulty seeing them on my face without a proper contact Rx. The girl that was supposed to helping me obviously did not want to be at work that day, so I just packed it in and decided I'd try again when I came back to get my trial contact lenses (special order). The doctors there try exceptionally hard to get you as close to 20-20 as they can. Awesome docs. So, my suggestion is that if you need a great exam, go there for the exam only. Just go elsewhere for your lenses. Here's why: usually, (at just about any other vision center) you go in get your frames picked out and measurements taken and leave 50% down and pay the balance when you pick them up. Not at VisionWorks. Nope. All or nothing. In my case, the lenses were extremely pricey as I needed to have them digitally done because I'm so tiny and that's the only way they could get my progressive rx to fit in a shallower frame depth. I ended up having to go back and get the frames separately so I didn't lose them because they will not hold them at all or work with customers regarding deposit/final payment. Now I need to find somewhere to have the digital lenses done since I figure I'm done with VisionWorks due to their policies, not their employees. I contacted corporate regarding their policies and simply got a generic "go back to the store and ask them to tell you the same crap they've already said" type of email. Supposedly, corporate cannot talk to you about pricing or payment policies. Really? So who can, is my question. I'm hoping that Costco can do the digital lenses. If not, I'm stuck with VisionWorks but probably will never go there again. If you disregard this review, and decide to take the plunge, make sure you work with Mary. She's awesome and cares about the customer being as happy as she can make them.
