5	It might not be the biggest stadium, or the most famous stadium, but it will always be my favorite. Through good or bad, it always gets orange, loud, and rowdy. Fantastic atmosphere to see a football game in, especially in the student section.
5	Still a great place to watch a Big Ten football game.  And the band.  And the fans.  But where's the Chief???No need to pay high parking fees.  Check around campus for parking lots that are not restricted on the weekends.  They're everywhere.  We parked for free and had a nice 15 minute walk to the stadium (walking by even more free parking spaces).
5	It is by far not the biggest or the best or the most modern with all of the nicest luxuries. To hell with all of that because it provides a very intimate, comfortable and relaxing setting to watch a college game. It has personality as many college football stadiums tend to lack. it will always rank up there as one of my favorite spots to watch a game
5	Best place to watch a game is only two hours away in good ole Champaign, plenty of reasonable parking, good food and mild weather until the last game.We have season tickets for a mere 77.00- quite the deal!  But if you get them, make sure you pony up the extra money for the installed seat cushions.  It keeps you warmer and marks your seat.Too bad there isn't a bit more Oskee Wow Wow on the team this year and at halftime - bring back the Chief!
5	Memorial Stadium is great. It's big yet cozy, renovated yet full of tradition, loud yet respectful. For many of us, it will always be a memory filled building where we spent many Saturday afternoons watching the Fighting Illini. Cheering crazily whether they were winning or losing.
5	Hail to the orange, hail to the blue!I really think that Memorial Stadium is beautiful.  Since the renovations, it looks especially fantastic.  Lots of great memories from this place, and I love coming back to watch the homecoming game.  Win or lose, I love going through all the cheers/dance moves that we used to do during college ("to the left!"), although now that we are alums, we don't have as much fun as when we used to sit in the student section.  I have to say, last weekend when they played the Three-in-One, and the whole stadium rose to their feet and said "CHIIIIIIIEF" I got chills.  This is one place where "homecoming" truly does feel like coming home.
5	This is our fifth year with season tickets.  We love going to all of the games.  The staff is always helpful and friendly, the seats are easy to find and the concessions are pretty good too.  The renovations look great and we finally have seats where we can see the scoreboard.  I-L-L......
3	Memorial Stadium as a venue is pretty clean. As the home of the Fighting Illini football team, it's a great place to go to with affordable tickets. They pack the seats in pretty tight for a college stadium (nearly 20 seats to a row so if you're stuck in the middle, it's ahrd to get out). It's also a fairly long walk from the bottom of the stadium to the top seats. Seeing the Illini marching band perform is definitely a strong plus.A word of caution... they only accept cash for food and drinks. Sitting near the Orange Krush section is awesome. They are noisy and loud. However, the fans aren't completely into the game. Don't get me wrong, they love their team, but it's not the best college environment I've been in. The basketball games are a lot more fun.
4	College Football games, particularly in the Big Ten, are fun and have a cool atmosphere.  We've had season tickets here for 6 years now and one year, they even had a winning season.  The seats are cold and can be pretty crowded if you don't pony up the money to get seat cushions installed.  As season tickets are so low, it isn't that bad of a deal.Parking can be plentiful if you make a donation to the I Fund, then you get parking passes at a designated lots.  This also helps the Athletic department and gets you emails with offers to other events before they go on sale to the general public.  If you are thinking about subscribing to football tickets, I would recommend you look into it.As far as the team goes, well, it's another rebuilding year.  And the NCAA took the Chief away but still, we are there for the Orange and Blue through thick and thin.
4	Nice, big stadium for a nice, big school.  Lets break it down with WINS and LOSSES:WIN - classical architecture, pretty historic buildingWIN - honorable 'memorial' instead of corporate sponsorWIN - very big: large enough to host NFL Chicago Bears gamesWIN - tailgaiting on game days is funWIN - new sleek-looking press boxWIN - stadium isn't too far from campus so it is possible to park cheaply and walk to the gameLOSE - horrible Illini football programLOSE - nike's Illini football jerseys are too vividly ugly--the refs never miss seeing their penaltiesOverall, its a great game-day experience in a historic building on the prairies of Illinois.  4 stars!
4	Kent Brown prepares a great menu for pressers on the 8th floor.  From the holiday meal to the fajitas its all top notch, i recommend the meatloaf.
4	Beautiful place to see a football game!  All the updates to the west side are amazing, but the East side could use some work in the bathroom area.  None the less it's a beautiful place and I'm sure I'll be there a lot of Saturdays in the fall!
