1	This store is always clean and very chilled. Yes it can get extra hot in Vegas. But the staff are clueless about new phones that come out. How can they help you with a new phone if they only had it 3 days? They can't and guess what they tell you this is the reason as to why they cant be of help. The store seems to cater to new clients and don't care about us who have been loyal to them for years upon years. In my case over 10 years.  You will and can at times find yourself in my shoes being a walk in at the store why am I being told to call customer service? They have people in house that are able to fix phones so why are they full of fear to even pick my phone up. I have had over 18 exchanges when it comes to my phone. They sold me a phone that they knew was no longer in store or being sold any longer...and I'm trapped with it for another year. NO I cant get a more up to date phone so while all my friends show off the new phones they have...I have a crap phone :(   All I can say is thanks a lot SPRINT that the 10 years of service I have allowed you to give me means nothing so ASAP I will go to TMobile...And With Bells on :) When in store no one will greet you. And they have you sign in. But in my case being that no one greeted me at all. I had no way of knowing that this location did things this way. And when I walked up to a moody staff person he felt it was the thing to do to scold me like i'm his child. He didn't say welcome to sprint...Just...EXCUSE ME DID YOU SIGN IN? Ok so yall know how this went right? -.-  ok... I went off on him...Lil pissy ass boy who are you yelling at? Did you go out of your way to help me? Did you sign me in? UGH! I can't stand when someone yells at me. I should have slap his ass 20 times. Anyway This location is crap the staff are full of them self. And I should have beat his rude ass with my purse.
2	This location is a Sprint "Corporate" store. If you are a former Sprint employee who still enjoys the benefits of a SERO plan, but you want to get a new phone then more than likely you will get directed here. And you will learn quickly that this "Corporate" store sucks. It starts from when you walk in...and most of the time there's a wait to get to the kiosk. There's a wait to get to speak to someone. There's a wait to buy a phone. There's a wait to get help with accessories. There's a wait for pretty much anything and everything. If you are a fan of lines/ queues, than this is queue heaven for you. For the rest of us we think this location sucks donkey balls because it's painfully slow. I have visions of lines for soup in Russian gulags in the middle of cold Siberia moving faster than this place does. Once in a while you will get a staff member who knows what their doing and if you haven't fallen asleep waiting you'll be pleased when they finally take care of you. But that being said double check everything, especially if they make a plan change. This store has a nasty habit of totally messing up plans to the point that it can take an hour or more on the phone with a customer care specialist to try and make things right. It's happened more than once to me so consider yourself warned. (Thankfully the awesome staff at the Bristol Call Center can right many a wrong!)As for how to rate this place...when you get a good employee helping you it's 4 Star territory. But the wait is so atrocious it drops a star. Add in the fubar'ed plan changes and you lost another star. 2 Stars is the best I can give. And as I'm still grumbling 24 hours after my visit that 2nd Star is iffy....
1	Horrible customer joe the manager. Will cancel my service  because of this store very rude
1	Well I have to give at least 1 star but would rather give it minus 10.  Horrible customer service.  The big fat guy was the worst and the rudest.  I may even call the sprint phone customer service to complain.  I have never seen anything like it in my life.  There are other sprint stores in town.  Find them.  This place is a nightmare.
3	Not all Sprint stores are created equal. There are franchise stores and there are corporate owned stores. This Sprint store is a corporate store, and if you want a popular phone that is hard to get this should be one of your first stops. Be prepared to sign in and wait. In 3 years of coming here my typical wait is 30 minutes, it's been almost 90 minutes on a couple of visits. Customer service at this location continues to improve. On my most recent visit after a 40 min wait I was taken care of in about 25 more minutes from asking questions about phones to signing the contract and walking out the door. And on my most recent visit I didn't have to call Customer Care to clear up a problem after the sale. They got everything right the first time. 3 Stars. I would give them 4 but I hate to wait, especially over 30 minutes. One last thing: Parking is kind of tight especially if they are busy.
1	Very disappointed with this specific store. Be sure to check your receipts at the end of your purchase. They will sell to make numbers and lie to you so that they can make their sales. Be sure to ask about promotions and push to get the best deal. I would shop at other stores and ask various associates because they can be very shady. I was told an item is free and charged for it. They tell you they can add it to your bill so you don't look at the price. They place your receipt in the bag to try and trick you. Do not let them add it to your bill. Review everything. In general, I've been a loyal sprint customer for years and I'm so disappointed in how their customer service has changed.
2	I hate this location they can never do anything the always send me to the location on eastern. Such a waste of time and money if u ever have any issue just goto there other location they are more knowledgeable and actually have the means to fix ur phones.
1	This is not a corporate store but a third party store so they feel free to lie. Nothing is free when you make your purchase today as you will find when you get your next bill from sprint. Don't fall for the upgrade today and you get a free speaker or battery pack. You are better off going to a real sprint store or sprint.com. Have been with sprint 15 years but will never go to a third party sprint store again. This was the worst experience I have had with sprint and tell everyone I can to avoid this store, if sprint is lucky this location will be out of business sooner than later
5	Came here to get my upgrade from a iPhone 4s to 5s. I had a good experience and love my phone! The sales person Nick was very happy to help and was genuine when explaining thing regarding the plan/upgrade/phone. He even gave me his card when I was leaving to make sure I was happy. Great service from him.
1	Don't waste your time, keep driving.  Employees are rude and have lame stage names on their name tags.  "Jazzy" tried to find reasons why she couldn't help us the finally sent us to another store. Gave them 1 star because you cant go any lower.
1	Bring a 24 pack of beer because the wait is worse than DMV and you'll most likely finish the beer before your called up. The workers don't pay any attention to arrivals and leave them waiting for hours without reassuring the customers that they will be helped soon. Not even a eye contact. Did not feel like a customer. I am switching carriers.
4	At first my experience started off rocky, the wait was long and there was an issue with a phone that was supposed to be on hold for me. By the end of my visit I was highly satisfied. The manager, Brian and my rep, Cesar did not stop trying until they resolved the issue and I was able to leave extremly happy. They both ensured that my experience was great and I was completely happy. They both had great attitudes and were extremly understanding. The convince of this location to my home and the relentless work ethic of the employees will lead me to return. I only sugguest an extra employee or two during high volume times to ensure that customers feel acknowledged and taken care of quickly.
3	Just arrive early.
1	I've been here three different times and every time regardless of how many customers are in store the wait is ridiculous. They have about 7-9 stations yet only use two or three to help people. Waiting 1-2 hours is not ideal for customer service. Not going back to this store again
3	I mean here's the thing it's a sprint store! It's like going to the bank or the post office. Just expect a long wait. Granted this place is a little run down looking, needs new carpet and I didn't see a whole lot of pep in the employees step to get to the next person on the list. the "manager" lady or whatever she is there was on her cell phone the entire time. When she needed to speak to me she put whomever was on the phone on speaker and kept talking which was extremely rude. The guy who helped me was a little un knowledgeable at first but he figured it out and was always nice and helpful. I got what I needed to get done and went on my way.
