3	Not bad for your typical, run of the mill take-out Chinese food. Big portions, cheap food. Tip: their spicy stuff isn't really spicy. At all.Also, avoid their egg rolls, which are bland; go for the crab rangoon or some other fried treat.
3	The food at Mandarin is great - except it has MSG.  With that in mind, I can no longer enjoy the great menu selections.  However, my daughter lives for their food and goes every chance she gets!  The location is convenient and orders can be phoned in for pick up.  If you don't mind the MSG, you can't go wrong with Mandarin.
2	About as simple as they come.  Typical strip mall, primarily take-out Chinese place.Lunch averages $5-$6 and is worth no more than that.  Tried the Hunan Chicken and it was fairly blah.  The fried rice was oily and the tea was old.  The interior was below average.  They didn't even have a drink or ice dispenser.  You got your ice from a small blue Igloo cooler.  Yup, just like the ones you take to a tailgate party!If you're in the area where Harris Blvd ends & connects with Mt. Holly-Huntersville Rd, and are jonesing for some fast Chinese, then give'em a shot.  If you're more than a stones throw away, then pick another spot!I gave'em two stars merely for the convenience factor.  If it weren't for that, then it'd be one star.
4	Such good Chinese food. Pleasantly surprised!
4	Quick , fast and easy phone in and picked up in 15 minutes.If you don't mind MSG food pretty good, fresh and hot. Can't beat the convenience!
5	Fast and convenient.  I am a six year customer and I have never been disappointed.The food is great and the staff couldn't be friendlier!  I have never met a harder working couple then the two who run this restaurant morning, noon and night 7 days a week.I agree the interior is less than perfect but the food is so so good.
5	The interior is very VERY basic, but I absolutely love how quick I get my food. The food may seem expensive, but they give you lots of it. I always have leftovers. ALWAYS. There's never been a time where I didn't. Definitely your money's worth.Since it's very bland looking inside the restaurant, I would just order it as takeout and not eat there until they improve. They always give you what you order; not once have they messed up any of my orders. I see great things for this restaurant. I really hope they make the money to improve the interior because it wouldn't be so bad to eat there if they do.
4	Take-out. Great food. Great service. Great price.
2	Best Chines in the area. Chicago had some of the best local Chinese I've eaten to date.
1	It's definitely not the best Chinese food. The meat seems to be a mystery almost as though it has been prepackaged and warmed. Meat has a rubbery texture. N sometimes the food doesn't seem that fresh regarding the ingredients. Cheap yes! But that doesn't mean it tastes good. Fried wanting we're decent.
4	4 stars because they have great tasting food and very fair (almost cheap) prices.   3 stars would be too low and 5 stars would require higher quality ingredients and better options.  It's Chinese. About the same everywhere.  This place has awesome general tso's chicken and the standard run of the mill sweet and sour chicken that is awesome anywhere.
4	This place is really good, much better than the over priced food at pf changs
3	It was ok. I had the sesame chicken. The sauce was pretty good, but the chicken was mediocre. There was very little actual chicken and it was mostly breading. They gave pretty generous portions, but all in all the lack of quality chicken was a bit of a let down.
3	Food is great. Egg rolls a little dry for my taste. But on my last visit, I decided to use the bathroom. There was a bug in the toilet paper. Ask me if I've been back. Absolutely disgusting.
5	So I eat here probably way more than I should but it's only because it's delicious! The owners are really nice and helpful. And the food is like I said before, delicious. You always need a good go-to takeout place. This is mine. Try it out! Go during lunch. They have great specials.
3	Our favorite place so far in Charlotte for Chinese.  Everything tastes fresh, friendly service,  good portions...never had anything that was "so-so". Would recommend.
5	Just moved to Charlotte about 6 months ago and went to lunch here for the first time. Loved it. Best Chinese restaurant I've been to since I've been here. Once a week or so visit to Mandarin won't hurt...will it?
5	Love their food! Always fresh and delicious! Not much to look at theme wise, but it's clean and sanitary.
4	I was craving Chinese and I found this place close to my place. I am happy I stopped by because the food was delicious. Service is good; and the woman who takes the orders is really nice. I have been here twice and both times, the food was very good
5	Very tiny restaurant, doesn't appear to be very good - but friendly, cheap, and delicious!
