5	The first time I practiced Yoga was in Miami 4 or 5 years ago.   Since then I tried to pick it up again several times, but for some reason or other I never consistently kept up with the practice.  That was until I moved to Pittsburgh and discovered AMAZING Yoga. I came across amazing yoga, by googling yoga in south side Pittsburgh.  I know myself and if I was going to do it right this time, it had to be walking distance from my house. To my surprise they offered an introductory two weeks of unlimited yoga for $25 for new students.  GIVE ME A DEAL ANYTIME !!!  Or as I like to say, TIMES ARE HARD. I got my two weeks and began what would be a positive change in my life.  After completing my two weeks, I was hooked. The instructors take pride in teaching and make sure you feel comfortable with the practice at any level: beginner, intermediate or full blown Yogi. Since my first practice at Amazing yoga, its become part of my life and now take pride in calling myself a Yogi.  Amazing Yoga is not just a name, it truly is AMAZING!
5	Oh Amazing Yoga, what can I say? You lured me in and now admittedly, I am an addict.  Many people can't believe I lust after "hot" yoga, but what an experience. Maybe it's surviving the challenge (mental and physical) that makes one want to return time and time again. You truly discover potential within your soul that you probably never knew you had.  I highly recommend trying Julie's class, but all of the instructors are above average.  Definitely bring a towel and water!
3	I've been practicing yoga for a few years so after moving to Pittsburgh, one of the first things I did was begin sampling the local yoga scene.  Due to convenient proximity and the lure of unlimited 2 weeks of practice for $25, south side amazing yoga was the first studio I tried.  Power yoga is not my thing, but I was in dire need of a spring detox, so I signed up.  New students should realize that this is an aggressive style of yoga adapted for the westerner who more often than not is after a good workout.   Consequently, a great deal of the philosophy and intention of ancient yoga is lost.  One of my concerns is that it can misrepresent yoga to new students and potentially turn them off from trying more gentle styles that may be a better fit for them.In power yoga, sun salutations are performed at breakneck speed and poses are often held for just a split second before it's time to jump into the next one.   What happened to moving slowly and feeling each pose and breath?  A previous teacher of mine translated "asana" as "taking a seat" with the point of the poses being to settle in to them, find a comfortable spot--this is where the meditation and sweetness of yoga seeps in.  It's nigh impossible to do this at the rate at which power yoga classes are conducted, so I just decided to go at my own pace in order to protect my body.   The danger in this style of yoga is that the risk of injury is distinctly heightened in a room that's heated to 90-100 degrees; the heat artificially lengthens the muscles, which enables you to go deeper with stretches and tricks you into thinking you're doing good yoga.  And you may be doing good for your body, but without careful attention and awareness, it's easy to go too deep and cause injury.   Again, moving so fast and trying to keep up with the class, makes it a lot easier to ignore or skip over the messages your body is trying to send you.   Another bone I have to pick is the excessive amounts of chaturanga, which can cause or exacerbate shoulder injuries.   No fun.    The instructors generally breeze over these risks, and one must remember that this ancient Indian philosophy has been transformed by Western capitalism into a for-profit industry.  Their motive is to get students to keep coming back.  In my opinion, Baron Baptiste and Bikram Choudoroy have a lot more in common with Billy Blanks than with Patanjali  or BKS Iyengar, but hey, it's all what you make it.  Can you turn this into yoga?  Sure, I can turn going to the grocery store into a yoga practice.  Doing power yoga, you can surrender to the brutal physicality of it and use this to break down the ego.   However, I'd venture to guess that a lot of egos in the room were being strengthened by the power trip this yoga can offer.   To me, it's not inviting the kind of stillness that is essential to real 'progress' in yoga.Afterwards you feel detoxed and exhilarated (a feeling which can become 'addictive' as a lot of the proponents of power yoga advertise like it's a positive thing), but inspired or enlightened?  Not so much.   Amazed by amazing yoga?  Nah.   I've seen these gimmicks before.  Moving on and looking forward to trying other studios. These are just my two cents.  If it's your thing, more power to you.
5	I go here consistently at noon M-F.  I really like this studio as it is kept very clean and tidy  by the staff(Amy). Nice friendly environment with nice big windows giving my toes a good view of Carson street.  The regular  teachers are all good and usually in the course of a week there is a substitute or two, which makes for a nice variety.   Recently they added a Thursday noon class which for $7 is a real bargain and the regular teacher(Hannah), while a new teacher is quite good.
5	Awesome Yoga studio. I first tried yoga a many few years ago at Amazing Yoga and have adopted it as my home studio. AY is the perfect combination of strength, calorie burning, flexibility and spiritual training for me. All of the instructors are very helpful and care about your personal needs or worries, and they just happen to be pretty cool as well. I recommend Amazing Yoga to any person looking to get into yoga, challenge their current practice, or looking to try hot yoga(without the strictness of Bikram)
5	Hannah is now a regular teacher so no more $7 classes at noon.  However she really has gotten a lot better since she started teaching a year ago.The other noon time teachers are quite good.  Branden is one of my favorite teachers at Amazing Yoga so I really look forward to Wednesdays.
5	This is my favorite yoga studio, prayer-hands down. I have been going there in spurts for the past 3+ years, and every time I start going back again, I forget why it took me so long to get back into the practice (I usually stop because I get interested in another sport or have an injury that doesn't play well with AY's practice). The instructors challenge you mentally and physically, and while this is certainly an active yoga, it never fails to clear my head and release the stresses of the day. I appreciate that while they are giving you a workout with the variations of sun salutation and a healthy dose of core work, they are also mindful of the holistic elements of yoga and bring a lot of clarity and mindfulness to the practice. It's helpful to get into the habit of drinking a lot of water as part of your daily routine, because once you're thirty on the mat it's too late. Plan to sweat A LOT, bring a towel for your mat and one for your face, especially if you're new to the heated room.  It's also a nice space at the South Side location that has windows overlooking East Carson Street, if you're into that sorta thing. Otherwise it's a roomy studio and there should be plenty of floor space away from the windows (and close to the water fountain!).
5	Love this place!  I stumbled across it while trying to find a place to work out during an extremely icy and cold winter (even by Pittsburgh standards).  The first time that I went, I was startled by how hot it was (yes, I know that it is "hot yoga").  Now though, I realize that this heat helps me stretch and serves as a reminder to hydrate.  For those not familiar with hot yoga, it is approximately 95 degrees in the studio.  Therefore, I suggest bringing your own mat, at least two towels (a big one to cover your mat and a small one to wipe off sweat), and water (the studio is plastic free - meaning they don't sell bottled water, but offer a water fountain).  Tighter clothing is easier to move in than loose baggy clothes.  Have fun - namaste!
