4	Okay, so I was looking for a place that wasn't super expensive, but still provided quality work. I did research on not only yelp, but asked friends for recommendations, and I made phone calls to places. Pretty much, most places are the same and very similar in price. So it's more about the person your working with and they type of service you wish you receive.  And location of course.I just needed my damn pants tailored and I didn't want to spend too much money.Creations & Alterations did an excellent job tailoring 4 pairs of slacks ($36).  I will definitely go back.Don't judge a book by it's cover.  It's not the prettiest place and parking sucks. The decor, displays and signs are all horrible,  but... the woman comes through the curtain and greets you with her eyebrows. She only spoke spanish (although she did say "cash only"). I showed her my slacks and she pointed to the dressing room.  I got the hint. I tried them on and when I came out the door and she was ready with all her pins. She pinned my slacks, and I went back in to try on the rest and she pinned them up.  By the time I was done trying on all 4 slacks and came out some other customers were there picking up what looked like a bridesmaids dress. The customer appeared to be very pleased and they left. The woman pulled out a calendar and pointed to Tuesday. Again..i got the hint. Thats the day my items would be ready. Cool.  (It was Thursday around 5pm) I was in no rush.She pulls out a sales slip  writes my order which was 2 hems, and 2 cuffs. The hems were $8 each and the cuffs were $10.  She had me write my name and number. Then I left.Tuesday comes around and show up to pick up my slacks.  They weren't ready.  With the language barrier and all, I was able to tell that the woman was truly sorry. You could see it in her eyes. I wasn't in a rush or anything so it wasn't a big deal.  Wednesday I show up..my pants are ready. Woohoo. She pulls them out and points to the dressing room. I go in and try them on..and gosh gee golly wow..my freakin slacks fit me like they should. End of Story. Good Price. Quality Work. Customers Service was good. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they weren't done on time.  But I will go back to this place for future work.
4	Excellent job and quick turn around- prices perfect! Cash only. Price is great!
5	This place is great!I had a pair of pants that needed to be taken up and they were quick to help.  I needed them in a pinch and they got them done, and done well.Everyone here is extremely friendly, and makes you feel like family.  They even sewed on a new button for my shirt while I was dropping my pants off.If you need any alterations (or Creations for that matter), this is the place to go!  They are cash only, but there's a Chase across the street if you need it.
5	I went to Creations and Alterations because of high Yelp reviews, and they didn't let me down!  Friendly service.  They sewed on a botton in just a few minutes and I was out of there.  $3.  I'll be back for their friendly and quick service.
1	Last week I went on yelp to find a good alterations place to fix two pairs of pants and a shirt of mine. Creations & Alterations had some good reviews and it was down the street from my apartment. I dropped off my clothes thinking it wouldn't take more than 2-3 days. I dropped it off on a Tuesday and they told me it'd be ready the NEXT week Thursday!! At the time I didn't care and just wanted it done. I came in the next week Friday morning before I drove out to California, intending to wear my newly fixed jeans, and they said it wasn't ready. They hadn't even started on it. They asked if I could spare an hour for them to fix it, which just added insult to injury being informed that they sat on my clothes for a week and a half when everything could have been taken care of in an hour. I asked for my clothes back and will NEVER come back again. 0 stars.
2	I try to stay fair and reasonably positive on my reviews of restaurants because its hard for me to be that critical of all the great restaurants I've been to.However, when I go to get my clothes tailored and my shirt I had comes back looking like it belongs on a 12 year old boy, I just can't let that go. I'll be fair and say that the other shirt I had done came out fine. But either way, I'm gonna look around next time.
1	Pros: Easy to find, reasonable prices, close to my home, always has available parkingCons: I used to come here because it was the closest to my home. I just had to stop. They messed up my clothes 30% of the time, but I still kept coming. However, they absolutely destroyed a pair of pants I brought in one time. When I tried to bring it to their attention, they argued that it was the way I washed the pants. I had not even worn the pants or washed them.
4	Don't blink, cuz you'll miss them driving down 24th street. If you do happen to find the place and are able to squeeze into their "parking lot", then I think you'll be happy.I have come here for the last 10 years. I don't think the place has changed much in the last 10 decades. Yes, that is a hundred years.But, still keep coming back because they haven't screwed up anything of mine.Yes, they do only speak spanish. I don't know what Rand is talking about, regarding them being Vietnamese. I guess I always work with the Spanish crew.I have brought in a leather jacket and they altered it for less than $20. A place on Indian School wanted $80+ because it was real leather.I have brought in slacks, button replacements, zipper fixes, belt loop repairs, and converted button up shirts to slim fits. Everything came out great, as directed. Pay on the average of $5 to $7. I find that the more I bring in, the less I pay per item.For example, if I bring in a button replacement, I might $3. If I bring in a pair of slacks to taper the legs, than maybe it'll cost $7. But if I bring in both at the same time, I might end up paying $8 for everything. My advice, take the extra minute or two to ensure they know what you want. After they put in the pins for the location of the sew, cut, etc., put the clothing back on for a double-check.Also, learn a little spanish, or vietnamese. It'll go a long way.Cash only, if I remember correctly!
