5	This place probably has the biggest selection of random stuff I've ever seen.  They have comics old and new, back issues, and graphic novels.  Plus they have the strangest assortment of action figures and toys you'll find.  I never even knew they had Stargate Atlantis action figures.  So if you can't find it anywhere else this place just might have it.
4	There products have a pretty far range that any comic book fan could easily appreciate.  I picked up a Tales from The Crypt toy here, I haven't heard anything about that crazy show in years.  Anyways it creeped me out as a kid, and that is a nice nostalgic feeling right?  The staff is pretty entertaining, as is a lot of comic book fans that have so much knowledge about their hobby, or more of an obssesion.  They have plenty of cool underground graphic novels and a ton of classic comic books for collectors.  Hit it up, it is pretty entertaining.
4	Woo-hoo, part II of my self-proclaimed comic book geek tour of Charlotte.  Rebel Base Comics is located on the lower level of a shopping center. Walk in and your eyes just don't know where to look (in a good way).  Loads of comic books, graphic novels and tons of toys!  The staff are very friendly.  They hang back, give you enough space to check things out leisurely, but are available for questions.  A cool, hidden gem, rivaling in coolness to my old San Francisco comic stores.
4	"Toys" means a wide assortment of comic book and sci-fi/horror movie figurines all in mint boxes.  And they have several racks of the most recent comic book releases.It doesn't say Rebel Base on the sign outside, just Comics & Toys.  But it's easy parking and quick to find in the basement of the shopping center alongside Great Clips hair salon.
5	Now this is a classic comic shop. the walls are packed with comics, action figures, and other collectibles. The staff always have a smile and are quite helpful. I rarely drive by without stopping in for a look.
5	This place is fantastic!! My son is in love with Doctor Who and this is the place to go.  They are helpful, knowledgeable, and have something for everyone.  They had so much more than we expected to find in Doctor Who, but they also had a plethora of Star Wars, Harry Potter, DC comics as well as action figures, novels, posters.  This is our comic shop.
5	The Force is Strong with Rebel Base Comics & Toys
5	Rebel Base is a probably one of my favourite shops in town. Especially, after my experience the other day. I was in dire need of a awesome Star Trek or Godzilla type gift for a good friend. I stopped in at 11am hoping they were open to find they were closed but cleaning up post Hero-con weekend. The owner let me in and shop around very cool. Considering it was 3 hrs early. They have a strong comic selection and even better toy selection. The store brings back so many memories with tons of 70's and 80's toys. The only thing missing was some Yo! Mtv Rap cards. Their pricing on the toys or action figures is right where it should be and not absurdly expensive. I will definitely be back in. Now, the hard part how do I split my cash between here and Heroes.
5	Huge Comic Book "Action Figure" collection with a big section of Star Wars figures and shelves of Comic Books!  The Guys here were friendly and knowledgeable!  Being in the Basement is a cool extra for me!
5	There is no better place in Charlotte for geeks to buy toys and comics than Rebel Base. Yes, there might be a shinier place with better PR and its own convention, but I always feel more comfortable in this tucked-away place that's stuffed with geek treasures.Toys and action figures are really the emphasis, but there are loads of new and back-issue comics for sale. Get a "subscription" (reserve your favourite titles to come in and pick up) and you'll receive a nice discount. You can even find a small selection of used DVDs sometimes. If they don't have something, ask if they can order it for you. The owner and his employees are extremely knowledgeable and will help if you need it, but they won't pester you. Regulars like to hang out on Wednesdays after work -- new comic day! -- and talk before they make their purchase.You can park in the front and head downstairs, past the Great Clips. The sign says "Comics & Toys" instead of "Rebel Base," by the way. My husband and I have started parking in the back, which might be a little harder to find but it's worth it.
4	Excellent comic book store and amazing source for vintage sci-fi toys!
5	The guys who work here are great, the comics stay on the shelf for a long time so you don't have to pay for them bagging and boarding. With their subscription service you save %20 off the cover prices. I would strongly recommend this place to anyone looking for comics in the Charlotte area.
5	Absolutely amazing.  I don't even know where to start when talking about this place.I am from Philly and was on  trip down to Charlotte last week.  Prior to that I had done my research into some comic book shops in the location (of course, the main store I kept hearing about was Heroes Aren't Hard to Find)... this store blew every other store I went to clear out of the water.The feeling of approaching the underground dwelling place of this store was almost enough, alone, to make this the best excursion of my vacation.  Everything about being near and in this place is EPIC.  I was aware that this place had an incredible assortment of vintage toys, but I was shocked to find how much my expectations were exceeded.  I will get back to the toys in a moment.  The comic book collection was enough to put many modern comic book shops to shame, and yet it hardly felt like a comic book store at all.  The comics were just an appetizer, and addition to the real meat of the store.  There were, of course, MtG cards for sale, as well as a variety of other TCGs (Yu Gi Oh, Pokemon, etc) and a good assortment of modern toys and games.... but I almost cried when I saw an entire quarter of a wall covered in Batman toys that I played with in my childhood.  THIS STORE IS AN EXPERIENCE.I could have spent years in here picking things out, but I only had enough for a few MtG boosters, a 90s Ben Grimm Toy for a friend, and an Orochimaru figurine for myself.  Living so far away from Charlotte makes it feel, almost, painful that I've ever been to this store at all.  I must go back some day.
2	Wow. If you want to go to the stereotypical comic shop this is it. The help was friendly but inept (a hello when I walk in and then having to excuse myself to move past the local customers bs'ing with the staff is not really good customer service) and the store was a mess. They had a ton of stuff packed in there but there is no way you could find anything. Back issue bins with stuff piled on top of them, new issue racks with months and months of current issues in the front of older ones rotting away and piles of boxes everywhere. They may or may not have had some good back issues somewhere but good luck finding them. The few boxes I could get through to look at had overpriced non-descript stuff. I am not a toy guy so I can't say too much but the prices I saw seemed a little high from what I have seen things go for. Sad thing is I literally had a grand in my pocket to spend on old stuff, new stuff or something I could have gotten a deal on but they were too busy shooting the shit with themselves and a couple of other customers to spend time trying to figure that out. I am sure that they are nice folks but as a thirty year collector of comics it really did not live up to the reviews.
5	Hands down the best comic shop in Charlotte!  They have a lot of toys (new and vintage) as well.  Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  There's a lot to look at so budget enough time!  Prices are good and even though I was visiting from out of town (not a regular) I received a discount on the bulk purchase I made...which prompted me to buy more...and I was happy to do it!  I was made to feel right at home in this store, was very impressed and will be back as often as I can.  3 cheers for Rebal Base!
5	Rebel base is always a great place to walk into therereally friendly staff they have some the best action figures comic books excetera I go there every Saturday and personally I think it's probably one the best places in Charlotte to find superhero related items
5	This place is a truly a secret base for nerds to gather. Yes, they have a good deal of comics ( though certaily not as many as Heroes) and yes, the stock of random toys (both new and used) they have is impressive, and yes they have lots of random collectibles. Still, my favorite part about Rebel Base is it's simply fun to go there, look at all the random stuff, and chat with people. Rarely have I ever walked in there and not chatted with the staff and some of the other customers. It's just that kind of place.  If Cheers got turned intoa comic shop, this would be it.  On their older and used toys, their prices are pretty reasonable and sometimes you'll get a steal. On newer stuff, they're often a bit overpriced. Still, if you're a nerd (especially an action figure collector) you owe it to yourself to go here.
5	I try to stop in here whenever I can. Is it super clean feeling? Nope. Polished?  Nope. But it's full of treasure and awesomely priced comic book/geek paraphernalia. There's usually one Peron working and if you need help are more than happy to give you ny information that you happen to need. Normally, I just like to rummage through boxes and books and isles. Yes, you can just rummage around, that's totally a thing. It's like the last if the basement comic book stores which is why I adore it for everything it is!
5	I love this place. I literally can go in there and just look thru books and boxes for hours.  They don't have all the comics as Heroes but they are close. But their collectibles and action figures are awesome. It's a really cool store, definitely check it out!
5	A downstairs gem! Great selection of comics, books, and collectibles both vintage and new. The staff is helpful and knowledgeable without being pretentious. If you're not a "comic person" but want to explore, or if you're a collector looking for a rare item; check it out. You'll be back.
4	I knew it as a twelve-year-old and I know it now: Forbidden Planet is pure NYC nerd-vans. Comics, action figures, collectibles, t-shirts, posters - it's where fan boys go to die. And the front door handles are the two halves of Captain America's shield - how cool is that?
3	Service is friendly but if you are looking for comic that's been out for more than a week its more than likely going to be damaged. The set up for new and recent comics is terrible. The racks are overflowing and a lot of the books are creased or bent because of this. Its a huge mess and hard to find issues. Huge toy selection but its very messy. Maybe a bigger location or just a major cleaning would help out immensely. I've been several times but almost always walk out with nothing because everything I wanted was damaged in some way.
4	Oh man, so I just started collecting some nostalgic 1980's toys for myself and I searched for toy stores only to stumble across this place.  First off, it's packed and I mean PACKED.  You can spend hours just sifting through loose action figures and comics easily.  The staff is super nice and helpful.  I can't think of another toy shop with the kind of selection this place has when it comes to action figures both old and new.I can't wait to go back.
