4	It's just your typical mcdonalds... but it opens early, practically in Waverly Station, and unlike other McDonalds in the UK, the Cloud provided free WFfi actually DOES work quite well.
4	This is just a regular branch of McDonalds with everything you would expect on the menu. The good thing about it is that it's rather large so even if you go in at peak time during lunch time you will generally always find a seat. It's nice to sit upstairs and watch out over Princes Street. It's also a prime location if you find yourself shopping on Princes Street and find yourself in need of some refreshment.You do need to watch yourself in the queue though as the entrance is quite small so if everyone stands in the one queue you'll be queuing along the Street so watch out for chancers trying to slither there way into the front. Cheeky.On a recent visit here I was clumsy as ever and we experienced "Frieageddon" as I spilt all my bottled water over G-Bot's chips and they were left drowning in a watery grave. Oops.
3	As has been said before me, this is just a typical MacDonald's restaurant but it's quite a good one! It has a really big seating area upstairs and plenty room for the masses. However, past 10pm this place can be dangerous. I have often felt really intimidates by all the teenagers hanging around and later on, all the drunks. It's a good enough place for lunch or an early dinner but I wouldn't come here later than 11pm!
3	Ahh Mc D's, how many times you have helped me in my pursuit to kill off a hangover. McDonald's is a real favourite with students, because they do a great deal where you get a free hamburger, cheeseburger or McFlurry with every meal that you buy.I sometimes attempt to have a half decent healthy meal, by choosing from the deli menu, but even these probably pack a good punch when it comes to calories. When it comes to choosing a drink, I normally opt for a  tropicana or a bottle of water  with the meal instead of fizzy drinks.The Waverley McDonalds is usually pretty busy, but actually less so than the one just off Princes Street, as I don't think as many people know about it nestled away in the corner of Princes Mall and with an entrance on the Waverley Steps
1	This place is definitely not for the "Faint Hearted" It's down right depressing. The staff are well.. Less than cheery which I've always found it to be rather odd.. As McDonalds is surely aimed at Kids?.. No? It's all business now... You can see it in the staffs faces as they slowly "zombie walk" around wether it be sweeping the overly salted cold chips from the floor. Or sympathetically handing a ball of breath to some poor child that's trying to figure out what the happy meal toy actually does?. The image of the restaurant.. If you'd call it that definitely has changed over the years.
