3	Came here to have lunch before a trip to Walmart. I'm not a big fan of Panda Express since I am accustomed to authentic Asian food, but at the same time it's not terrible enough to hate. This is a clean restaurant, but the portions were pretty stingy. At most Pandas they will give you a ton of rice and noodles to at least make up for the stinginess of the entrees (if they are even stingy with the entrees, it really depends on the person serving you), but not at this location. My bf pointed out that perhaps if we had ordered it for there we might have gotten more. I do like the outdoor seating. It's facing the parking lot, not the street, which made it quieter and more relaxing to eat outside. We'll probably be back to order our food for there, and hopefully they will not be so stingy.
3	We all know that this is not authentic Chinese food. But hey, Panda Express has been around for years and I have always liked them because they are cheap, fast, and their food keeps me full!  This location isn't too bad. There are many parking stalls outside and the restaurant is clean. However, I do feel sorry for the employees who are working here. It seems like every time I stop by, there is only one employee behind the counter who has to deal with a long line of customers and no one else is around to help out. But even under all that stress, they try to be friendly and are always asking if I would like to sample any entrees. The main problem with Panda Express is that you don't know how long the food has been sitting there, and they don't make a fresh batch until they run out of something. Sometimes the fried rice is dry, the egg rolls are not crispy, and some of the other entrees may lack flavor. Over the years, I have become a fan of Pick Up Stix. But since they don't have any locations here in Vegas, Panda will have to do for now.
4	I remembered the food here being mediocre and I normally do not come here for Chinese food but I was in need of white rice and I did not feel like only ordering white rice from an actual Chinese restaurant.  I know what you're thinking...why don't you just cook rice at home yourself?  Sad to say, I am probably the only Asian person who does not know how to cook rice.  I know...way to fail at being Asian.Anyways, the lady Jano helped me and her service was superb so I decided to get orange chicken, green beans and chicken, and chicken potstickers along with white rice.  All of the items that I ordered tasted better than I remembered.  I don't know if the stupendous service made me bias about the quality of the food or what but it's not bad for fast food Chinese food!
3	Rice wasn't cooked properly. Chicken was very good however.  Clean restaurant
3	This location is a 50/50 crap shoot seriously as there is no consistency in how they operate. It really all depends on who is serving up your plate and/or what cook is making up the food as it can be good or it can be bad!I can go in one day and get a fresh tasty combo and it be wonderful and on the next visit get a combo that is skimpy and taste old, dried and hard.This is the closest and most convenient location to my house so it gets the most business from me and sometimes my visit is OK and sometimes it sucks ass.The shrimp dishes are a rip off as they charge an additional $1 however give you just a few pieces of shrimp which is mostly vegetables or whatever the shrimp is mixed in with. If I order a shrimp item than give me some damn shrimp, OK!Get your free sample so that you don't have to guess and wonder if you will like the item or not as they have new ones from time to time. I was not crazy about the new surf and turf item they have so I am glad I sampled it and ordered something else.I really like the honey walnut shrimp however it is not always made the same way, it can be sweet or less sweet and more of just a plain mayo taste. When I order something that taste good then I come back for it and it taste completely different that is an issue for me.I much prefer authentic Chinese and Cantonese food however on the go this will do the trick for American style Chinese food. Consistency is key and they don't have it unfortunately!
3	My hubby and i always eat here on mondays its my day off usually :) the food is usually good and the service is only good if the lady takes ur order. The only bad service we feel we have is when the manager serves us our order he is very sloppy and we feel like he always has preference  and he served our to go in really small portions we saw he served the ppl behind us and he overfilled his plate... Now im not asking to overfill my plate but all im saying is be fair with everyone we all are paying for our meals!!!!! The restaurant is clean like i said usually the ladies working here are the best at serving !!!! Just a tip!!!
2	I live near this location so I eat here a lot, but every time I go in there, there is an Asian lady serving customers that so rude and short with me. She never has a smile on her face and looks like she hates her job.Plus I asked her if I could order a panda bowl with half orange chicken and bejing beef...to which she growled "NO" at me...come on, give me a break it's a bowl. You can only put so much in it. I guess it's too much to ask of her to put a little less chicken in it and give me a couple pieces of beef. Well, I guess to think of it...maybe she's is not capable of making logical decisions...she after all working at a Panda Express
5	Manager Alan & staff (Devonne, Brendin, Nadya, Oscar & Carlos) are fun & So nice!!! We lived out  of the country for the last 4yrs & came back for the eggplant/tofu-- ok, our fav was Sold Out, BUT the customer service made up for our disappointment, Lol. We went with the yummy orange chicken, chow mein, beef/broccoli & chicken/beans. Was Ono! (Delicious! Hawaiians know where Da'Grinds stay!)  Go check 'em out!
