3	This place just opened up recently so we decided to try it. Food gets 2 stars and service gets 4. We started off with the sampler appetizer plate. Pretty decent.  Nothing stuck out to me too much but bf like the pretzel bites.  Heads up that the breaded sausage bites are a nicer version of a corn dog. Got the turkey burger with mushrooms and avocado.  Unfortunately despite the toppings, the turkey itself was mushy. Maybe too much bread as binding?  It was pretty bad and I know my turkey burgers. Bf got their pizza and didn't think it was very good either. The place is pretty good to go to hang out. Open and airy. They have a mini game room in back with an air hockey table and couple other games. Waiter was good. Checked on us often. Good potential so we'll see how it grows. Sounds like the chef is playing with the menu.
2	Dawn P is on the right trackService is great!As for the food...We tried the carnivore pizza - just a notch above frozen pizzaIced tea tastes like water, and the bar tender agreed, but could not fix the mix. She graciously offered an alternative.We will give em another try in a month or to.
2	I visited the establishment on 12/7 and have the following observations:1.  I hope by the time anyone reads this review the sewer smell is fixed.. 2.  Solid metal chairs were extremely uncomfortable, metal chairs will suit those only with small body frames.3.  While I appreciate the beer samples bartender was passing around the dining room, bartender need not stand there hoping I say yes.. I ended up saying thank you politely and he eventually got the hint.
3	I have received a response from the manager of this establishment in regards to the above issues.  Very seldom do I receive responses from business management on my Yelp reviews, thank you Taylor!I look forward to my next visit to this establishment.
5	A great addition to North Scottsdale!  We appreciate the family friendly atmosphere, yet very enjoyable for adults.  Kids eat free is always a bonus, especially with great options!!!!  We've tried several salads and other menu items that have been really good.  Also there are GLUTEN FREE options!  The wait staff is friendly and attentive.  If you are local, I'd recommend "liking" them on Facebook, as they often post specials (game day, etc.).  If you are missing a game (due to your cable provider) - It will most likely be on at CF.  Check them out!
5	They have great food. I love coming here to play golden tee. The golden tee setup they have is awesome, it's right next to the bar top. I also like the $1 off any drink during happy hour.
5	Went here to watch a big NFL game on Saturday night. Great beer selection, lots on draft and some hard-to-find local craft brews. Service is great and atmosphere relaxed. We had the spinach dip, really good, and had the Cajun burger and buffalo chic sandwich. Both were good but I recommend the burger.  There are few sports bars in the are so this fills the void. I will be heading back to try more if the beers and some of the other apps..
1	Ordered a grilled cheese and tomato soup on 2/7/14.  How could you ruin that?  The sandwich had 2 pieces of jagged hard plastic in it.  The soup was terrible and thick.  Campbell's would have been a better choice.  And I paid $9.72 with $2 tip!The bar is awesome and the place was beautifully remodeled.  Wish the food was there.  (3rd and last time eating there).
4	Great atmosphere! Low key and relaxed.
5	Great food and service.  Scene was so nice and helpful. Calamari was to die for. Highly recommended. Lots of TVs they even asked us what we wanted to see.  Great Sports Bar!
5	great service and awesome place to watch a game. bartenders are kind and fun. cant wait to go back!
5	Love this place!  Excellent, friendly service and great food!  The kind of place you definitely want in your neighborhood.  Great happy hour spot or place to bring the kids for a fun meal and teach them how to watch 5 different games at one time!  Top notch...5 stars...check it out soon!!!
5	Great service every time we come here...and that's every Wed.  Personal favorite is grilled salmon salad (they have several variations of it, too).  Surprisingly good menu and kitchen, better than you'd expect at a sports bar/grill.  Prices are good for the quality of food and nice N. Scottsdale location.
4	I originally rated Champion Field after visiting them, where i thought the food was pretty good, but the comfort of the restaurant was lacking.  Since then, they have updated the accommodations and kept the food good and the beers cold.  For sports, CF rocks with their super large BRIGHT tv's - its a good place to go for the game!
5	Great food. Great atmosphere. Quick service. Huge tables so you can really spread out. I ordered the champion burger and my husband got the Cuban sandwich. Everything was really fresh. We also got the fried chicken as an app and it was the freshest fried chicken I've had in a long time. All the food tasted amazing. We are definitely going back.
2	Just watched a World Cup game with a group of 15+ kids here. Food is decent, but beers were $7 each? The place has no atmosphere, you can't even tell what it is from the outside? In the middle of a retail/office park. Staff were friendly, just can't imagine it will stay open for much longer.
3	We stopped in w a "Incentive" Coupon   maybe from Amazon (?)  really enjoyed the food -but w/o the certificate most likely would not have gone. In a awkward to get to center, and while the food was decent and service as well there were only 3 other people in the place while it was a regular time for lunch.  Asked about HH pricing $1 off hmmm and 3 or 4 aptz for a Buck off.  If it were my place- & I do have 15 yrs in the BIZ I would run a HH from 3 to 9 maybe 12 to 9. And it would be a GOOD HH with $3 Beers and ALL Aptzs at the BAR for HALF off.  Call me crazy but No one I know likes to go to a BARE bones EMPTY BAR with WEAK specials  A dollar off.... why bother,  ZIPPS has awesome $3 Margaritas and killer Wings.....you can not compete if you do not TRY.   I would also have a Marketing Program to bring in Office Groups for Lunch and HH (At Killer Discounts ) to fill up the place,  Otherwise ... I can't see this place making it.  I'd rather have 100 drinking $3 Marg's than 12 people drinking $5 Margaritas.....Do the MATH.  People are looking for a "DEAL" and the N Scottsdale Demographics are there for this place to Make it- but not with this VENU.   Just ain't gonna happen.  We went back one time for lunch there were also 3 people in the place.
4	We pick great places... what can I say.  The Guiness flows like ... well, you know!  Great selection of beers and people that can pour them!  Bar food is pretty good.
4	Based on the way Yelp scores their ratings, 4-stars for Champion Field because "I'm a fan". This place as a good amount of new, high definition TV screens placed throughout the restaurant. It's open, and very spacious giving a lot of room for people to come and watch games. The bar is fairly large and can accommodate quite a few people as well.In the two visits that I've been here the bartender Christine has been awesome and delivered very good service and recommendations. The food seems to be pretty good as well compared to most other sports bars in the area. I highly recommend taking advantage of the check-in offer on Yelp for the pretzel crusted mozzarella sticks, they are incredible.Just a few marks off for the awkward smell outside of the restaurant, and the strange location which makes it a little more difficult to find and access. I feel like they shot themselves in the foot with that one. Other than that, if you're in the area and searching for a sports bar, Champions Field won't get over crowded and provides an enjoyable experience. Just bring some friends to ramp up the otherwise low-key atmosphere.
4	Good place for a vegetarian.  The veggie wrap was yummy.
1	A group of us went there Sunday 10/26 to watch NFL football. When we arrived 10 minutes before the games started the doors were locked and nobody was there. This was 50 minutes after they say they open. Either this establishment has closed or they can't be bothered to open when they say they will.
1	Never been a fan. We work like 1/10 of a mile away and they don't deliver - ever - no exceptions. Nor do they do anything else to promote themselves to a "captive audience" here in the business/retail park. They have Reverse Happy Hour... Uh, guys, you realize all those buildings surrounding you are 98% BUSINESSES that close after 5pm/6pm?! I think they finally may have closed due to the poor business practices and poor choice of staffing. Hullo, I've called three times in the *short* ride over here and you can't pick up the phone... Hmm, I arrive and find 6 customers? You have GOT to be kidding me! AND then, the pretty service figures they should keep chatting up the guys around the bar rather than the walk-in waving cash / a corporate credit card.... GAH!
4	It's been a couple months since we visited this place (it's a bit of a drive) but I had to come back and give it some kudos.  We usually try to find a cool place to watch games and this place rocked.  It's a big open space, which allows you to be comfy, not packed in like sardines and bumped continually by the drunk who can't seem to walk straight.  It has plenty of tvs for viewing whatever sport you're looking for and if you ask, they accommodate you and change the tv for your choice of games.  The food was great and the beers...well, cold and wet just like we like 'em.  Our waitress Sheena (love that name!!) was awesome.  She had just the right knack of stopping by (not too often but not disappearing either) to check on us.  The only thing I found a bit odd was the outside signage...there is none!!!  Well there is an address and maybe something on the door but the windows are mirrored and you have to walk right up and open the door to even know anything is going on in there.  It's probably regulations with the surrounding buildings but this has to kill "drop in" business.  Anyway, great place to hang and enjoy the game and some food. Thanks.
