4	I needed some tools and they have sales going on all the time so I dropped by. It was a good experience coming in here for the first time. While many think when they need tools they head on over to Home Depot you shouldn't overlook this place especially considering they are more focused on tools and the employees are ready to assist you at any time.I had a question on sink disposals and the older gentlemen there had 16 years of experience installing them and had great advice and described everything in great detail.
4	I can always find something that I need here.  The hand tools are of pretty good quality and carry a lifetime warranty.  Due to the low cost I tend to use and abuse their tools and they hold up fairly well.  The power tools can be hit or miss though.  I have had some that crapped out shortly after purchase and some that have withstood abuse above and beyond anything that could be expected.  They have always homered the extended warranty and never gave me any trouble exchanging something.  All in all a great place to get tools at a fraction of the price you would find elsewhere.  Also they carry specialty tools that I couldn't find anywhere else locally and beat the online prices for a similar product.
3	Habor Freight Tools is an alternative to the "big-box" stores such as Home Depot and Lowes. The store itself is much smaller and I would compare it to Ace's Hardware. However, Harbor Freight is missing the large lawn care section that Ace's has.If you are in need of a tool, they probably have it here. Prices are apparently quite low according to my husband who noted several tools here were less pricey than HD or Lowes. However, he did question the quality. I guess we can't really know since he ended up not buying anything, mainly because what we came here for, they did not have (welding goggles). I think the store is much less intimidating than HD or Lowes since it is much smaller and easier to navigate. Obviously the store does not have as much of a selection, and no gardening center either.For what it is, it is A-OK.
5	A lot of options for low priced tools. one of my drill presses and chop saws broke but thats expected for a cheap priced power tool. Used them over 100+ times before they gave out, on hard thick steel materials. Pretty good for its price. The employees are always on their best, directing me to the correct area i need to be for what i need.
5	The customer service here is amazing. Specifically Adolfo. He went above and beyond to help me and I couldn't appreciate it enough. That guy really cares about the people coming in and out of there. Thank you so much Adolfo!
3	this is a great place to go with phenomenal prices on really cheap worthless crap however the best part of going there is when you were in there you can watch all the tweakers tweaking
