5	Shara at Vanity Skin Studio is an expert at what she does! Not only is she super friendly, but she's a walking example of how one in her profession should look - BEAUTIFUL. :) She helped me grow out my eyebrows to make them look how they're naturally supposed to. After years of trusting my hairstylist, who is not specially trained to do so, I realized that I had been making a HUGE mistake. Now I am so happy and confident in the way they look. She also does a wonderful spray tan and is very knowledgeable regarding anti-aging products and their benefit. I would definitely recommend her. You will not be disappointed.
1	Pros: Studio Salon is an awesome concept with a nice location. Shara is super sweet. Her room was set up very comfortably. Cons: She torn of LAYERS of skin and left me with abrasions!! I have been waxing for years!! I got a Brazilian and underarm wax. When I left I was more sore than normal but didn't think much of it since it had been a while since my last waxing. As the day went on I was incredibly uncomfortable!! Along my bikini line there were abrasions and the next day they began to scab over. Under my arms I can see a perfect rectangle (under each arm) where the wax went on and the strip ripped it off. The skin is just now coming in under my arms and I still have abrasions with scabs along my bikini line. While Shara was very nice and I liked the location...I will not be a returning customer.
5	Love this place! Amazing ambience and Shara makes me feel so comfortable every single time. I am in between Vegas and Los Angeles and every time I go somewhere else, I appreciate her services even more.  Her facials are amazing and is very knowledgeable about her products and all skin types. Wish I could have her in Los Angeles too.
5	This is the best wax and facial I have ever gotten (including at upscale hotel spas etc.) I was recommended to Shara through a friend and I'm so glad I called her...I first went in for an eye brow and bikini wax because I had my birthday coming up. I was unhappy with my old gal (very flaky, no attention to detail).Shara immediately made me feel at ease. She is easy to talk to and genuinely nice,BUT THE BEST PART IS HER WORK!...she got my brows back into shape refining my brow shape and taking time to get every last stray hair!   My bikini was tidy and smooth. It was quite painless (a first for me).They stayed that way for about a month (no ingrown hairs or irritation) which is great for me because my hair grows very fast. I went back a month later for a facial and let me tell you it was pure heaven...so relaxing...and my skin has never looked better. My fine lines are gone and any blemishes I had cleared up super fast. My skin is now glowing and low maintenance. I am so thankful to have found this woman!  I can't recommend her enough ... I tell all my friends about her! Call her seriously you won't be disappointed.
5	Wow! I've had facials before and this is it.Shara creates a pleasant atmosphere that puts you in a luxury spa mood.The main thing I enjoyed is the difference in my skin  after the first visit.Shara is knowledgeable about the products I needed and gave the most professional consultation I could ask for.Not replacing this salon for any other!
5	I have been going to shara for the last 6yrs and I am always pleased and happy with her work product and professionalism.  She is awesome
5	Shara has been doing my waxing and facials for almost 10 years now. She is amazing! Believe that if she works her magic on you, you will feel awesome. She keeps me looking good from eye brows to facials. It's top notch service. Oh, and I've seen her eyelash extensions they are beautiful! Thinking of getting that too. Give her a try you won't regret it.
5	I love Vanity Skin studio. I love going to see Shara I noticed results my very first facial. I have been getting facials for years and I have never found anyone this good. her products are so up to date too. I am soooo relaxed after going to see her,also she does AWSOME spray tans!!!!!!!
