5	I was playing my favourite "Yelp App-venturing" game last night, checking out a bunch of places that appear on Yelp but have no reviews, and hit gold at Mile-Ex. Tucked down near where Alexandraplatz is in the summer ie; in that industrial/residential zone between Jean Talon and Van Horne, Parc and St Laurent, where all those odd architectural condos have sprouted, on an otherwise entirely quiet residential block we found this tiny resto and two seats just waiting for us at the 4 person bar. There are only two other tables in the room, both communual, one seats about 16, the other about 10? At the bar you look over a tiny kitchen where tasty things happen spun by friendly Frenchmen. The menu is written down the chalkboard walls and the wine takes up more space than the food, which I respect. Everything on the menu foodwise is affordable - $10 - $15 generally, and playful. Squid roll? Motherf*ing Burger? I'll be back for that, meanwhile I wanted to bathe in my hot plate of clams calabrese, and my date enjoyed her unconventional Ceasar with it's tiny bites of cucumber. The wine we were offered was lovely, and the overall spirit was joyful. Also, the platter of mini chocolate mouse cups on a powdered sugar spelling of "Mile-Ex" as-birthday cake: pretty adorable.
3	I phoned a few days before my visit to ask if they could accommodate an vegetarian - I was going there for a friend's birthday - and they say they would. When I arrived, surprise! they was nothing vegetarian on the menu. They insist to offer me seafood. Very disappointing.The place is cute, the food is ok - too greasy and salty for my taste - & reasonably priced, but I wouldn't return because I just felt like it was an hyped place.
4	First off, the space is really cute and cozy. Their menu was written on one of their walls - a sort of, fresh from the market sort of menu. The waitress was kind enough to read us the entire menu in explicit detail as if we couldn't read ourselves. (I like to take it upon myself to pretend I am illiterate from time to time in the midst of my laziness so I did not mind this.) My boyfriend ordered l'onglet and I got the steak tartare. What bothered me about the service was that when my boyfriend ordered his steak, and he asked for his meat "medium saignant" (aka medium rare), the server did not seem to understand that was possible. She said his only options were either his steak cooked "medium" or "saignant" -- not "medium saignant". These two words stringed together in a sentence  apparently did not exist in this girl's restaurant vocabulary, just like unicorns and leprechauns do not exist in real life. Luckily, my boyfriend is understanding when he crosses the path of incompetence and just asked for whatever that wasn't going to be a blood fest on his plate. Otherwise, the food ruled, so did the wine (I forgot what we drank, ain't that how it should be?!) and we really felt at home at Mile Ex. Can't wait to go back. And hopefully that server will have learned a thing or two about steak preparations between now and next time.
