4	Small place on Centre that just opened up, staff is extremely nice and courteous.Delicious chicken kabobs and proper hookah's - reasonably priced. Perhaps student discounts would attract more ppl in the future too.
5	It's a persian restaurant in Shadyside with excellent food. I go there 2-3 times a week! Make sure to try their Koobideh kabob-- it's fantastic!The price is also reasonable, only for $8 you can get to skewers of kabob with rice, salad and yogurt. I love it!https://sites.google.com/site/shirazkabobpgh/home
5	Very delicious Koobideh kabob! Koobideh pizza is also very nice! I go there at least once a week.
1	Went here for lunch on a Friday afternoon around 1:30 pm.  The place was completely empty and yet it still took 20 minutes to get the lunch special chicken shawrma.  Food: mediocreService: terribleDecor & atmosphere: miserableWon't be going back any time soon.
3	Not enough meat!
1	Awful.  Awful.  Awful.  If you must know why, read on.I had wanted to try this place for a while as I pass by it on Centre Ave. all the time.  Why I chose to try this place on an empty stomach, of all days, I will regret forever.  The place had poor service, was overpriced, had such small servings and just bad food in general.  I got the Chicken Tandoori and my boyfriend got something with beef in it (I forgot what it was called). We initially wanted our food to-go but changed our minds.  When my boyfriend approached one of the people behind the counter (I am assuming he was a delivery guy), he gave my boyfriend an attitude as if he should've known to tell someone else as he seemed to be taking orders on the phone.  We were the ONLY ones at the restaurant and our food took 20 minutes to be served.  The Chicken Tandoori I got was so spicy, it was painful to eat.  I have to admit, it might have been my mistake, ordering something that maybe I should have known was spicy.  However, the menu did not say the dish was spicy nor did the servers ask how spicy I wanted my food to be.  My boyfriend got a beef dish that was tough and hard to eat.  As if they needed to emphasize how small the meat portions were, my chicken and his beef were served over a huge portion of white rice.  Our measly meal was almost $20 and we walked away completely unsatisfied, never wanting to return again.  It was my horrible mistake to forget to check Yelp first before even trying this place.  What a waste of my money!
2	I am a frequent delivery orderer. Whenever I order from this restaurant, an old somewhat physically inable man brings the food to the door which takes FOREVER. Watching him moving slowly in front of my eyes is just painful. I've ran to his car a few times. The purpose of the delivery is to receive my food AT THE (front) DOOR. Not to run out of my apartment building to get food; I would rather go pick it up for myself.Their food doesn't worth paying the same percentage of tip to the driver as for waiter service at the restaurant, and to run out to their car to get my food.
1	I trust Yelp for a reason. I stay away from places that have 2.5 stars. But the boyfriend made me go! I expected it to be bad but not this bad!!!!Have you tried the amazing Halal carts in NY with delicious flavored rice topped with juicy lamb and chicken? Oh and the intoxicating white sauce ... only $6 for TWICE as much food as Shiraz. How could you serve me this god-awful mess for ... wait for it ... $12? Are you for serious? $12 is standard for excellent persian grilled meats, not terrible ones.Bland chicken, dry beef, plain white rice, some watery white sauce. Never again. TRUST YELP.
4	I know people hate this place, and I have to start by saying I don't eat meat. So, I don't know about the kabob, and it does seem a little expensive to me, but I wouldn't really know. That being said, they have lots of other food that's not bad. I've had sandwiches and stuff here (veg of course) that were pretty good, and not as expensive as the kabob. They also have pizza joint food (albeit under another name the address/phone number is the same). The pizza is killer, and super fast delivery even in the snow.
1	Couldn't be worse! Eating from disposable plates? Don't do that to me.
1	I ordered their Lamb Shawarma and crab cake bites appetizers last night. I woke up promptly at 5:30 this morning and proceeded to puke my guts out. I'm not sure which did the job, but they were the only things I had eaten that day. That being said the meal itself was pretty mediocre. There are many other places like this in the Pittsburgh area, I'm sure you can find a better one.
1	FOOD NOT AS DESCRIBED.  Delivery came very quickly, within 30 minutes, but the food is nothing to write home about.  I ordered the Garden Salad with cheese, which came with NO CHEESE, EVEN THOUGH I PAID EXTRA FOR IT, no feta as listed in the description, NO GREEN PEPPERS, AND NO OLIVES...all ingredients that were supposed to come on the salad.  Basically, I got lettuce with tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions.  Definitely not worth the money.  My boyfriend got the chicken kabob, which came with only 6 tiny pieces of chopped up chicken on a HUGE bed of rice with little to no flavor.  Also not worth the $8.  WILL NOT BUY AGAIN.
1	I wish I could give zero stars.Since I live nearby I get the full impact of the douchebags who work here. Every single day - EVERY SINGLE DAY - I have to deal with the employees/friends of employees who sit outside and harass women that are minding their own business. While I've made it very clear their commentary is unwanted it's persisted for practically the entire year I've lived nearby.A few months after I first moved in I checked it out for the first time. One of the employees asked really probing questions about me, knowing that my parents had visited and where I worked. While the food was decent it did nothing to get the horrible taste of the experience out of my mouth. When I wait for the bus nearby the same guy will take smoke breaks and just stare. It's the creepiest shit in the world.I don't want any other women to deal with this obvious and disgusting harassment. I plan on filing charges and hope others who've experienced their bullshit will do the same.
