3	Great spot to stay at if your looking for a no thrills, no frills off the main strip and in the heart of the Fremont Street experience.
1	Naaaw! Overpriced for a bland buffet with stale desserts in a crappy area of Vegas. Simply not enough (or any at all) special dishes that stand out... I mean, c'mon, fried chicken? I admit I was satisfied with the 'Texas-style Barbecued Beans' and the 'Seafood Stew', but that just wasn't enough to make me bring up this buffet as a topic of conversation at the water-cooler the next day (except maybe to say that it sucked). Definitely not the worst of the dozens of buffets I've been to, but probably in the bottom 5.
3	You don't stay/come here for the food or the excitement - you come here to sleep.  It's one of the least expensive places to stay in the area as I got a couple of rooms here for about $20 each when I was in Vegas once.In downtown Vegas and right near the Fremont street experience, it's a good alternative to staying on The Strip.
3	LADY LUCK!! Is this hotel still open?!? A few years back, my friends we're feeling crazy spontaneous on a Thursday evening and decided to book a trip to VEGAS for the weekend. Mind you, we just turned 21 and we're broke as a joke college students here. "We'll rent the cheapest rental car, book the cheapest hotel we can find and we'll leave tomorrow morning, you down?" ... Next thing you know...we were on the 15 North on our way to VEGAS the very next morning.. We arrive to LLC&H mid afternoon excited as hell! Downtown "old" Las Vegas is a shit hole and a total dump. We didn't give a shit (no pun intended). We were on a mission to find FUN! I've seen some grimy activity over here. Some highlights of our adventure: - Some short stubby dude looked like he wanted to brawl with us. All 5 of us, at the same time. he was drunk. it was 830am. where were his pants? i don't know? - The blackjack dealer at the casino let me double down after dealing me a 2,3,3,3 (was she making up her own rules??) I got a 10. - My friend got burned with a cigarette at the club, twice. He turned into Mr. Angry guy. - Another buddy was wearing a bright red Elmo shirt. He got hit on by more dudes than ladies that evening. He became Mr. Angry guy as well. - Ate breakfast across next door at a dingy ass cafe/casino/saloon. Breakfast was only 2 bucks per plate! Hell yeah were gonna eat here. I paid in coins. -After breakfast, I decided to scope out the 3 blackjack tables. Everyone at the tables has dollars on them for "cash play", not really any chips on the table. Just $2 bucks each! That was definitely odd lookin'. *True story! Okay i made up the no pants part, but he definitely wanted to fight. But everything else happend, no joke. I probably wouldn't stay here again, even if it was free! Nowadays, we like to go all out and spoil ourselves in Vegas (why not right?). This trip easily ranks in the top 3 best Vegas trips I've been on. I'll go ahead and give Lady Luck 3 stars: +1 star for the price +2 stars for the priceless memories and stories we're able to share. Keeps us grounded ,humble, and thankful were able to stay at a 5 star hotel. *Moral of the story: This goes to show you its not where you're at, its who you're with to have a blast! (cue sappy music)
1	We spent NYE here in 2006-ish. The drinks were really bad. Service was fine, but everything else sucked. Never again.
