5	I absolutely love getting massages so I decided to give this place a try. Wow is all I can say. Was skeptical at 1st because of the location. Never judge a book by the cover definitely applies to this place. The staff was really cool not like the typical "give me money" attitude of other massage places.. Competitive prices also. Guys, the girls here are stunning to look at. I will be back for more relaxing ASAP! A+..
3	If your looking for Latin women then this is the spot for you. Jessica knew what was she was doing and got the knots out of my back. I'll be back again..
5	Back in Vegas for quarterly summit for company. This time all works needed to get some deep tissue and nots out from meetings all day. Came across this place along the way back to my hotel and just made myself walkin to see what's in store. Was nice young beautiful oriental girl. Very friendly and welcoming. At first I was very hesitant, but she made me feel like I was at home. Then u started my session. Wow thought it was an Asian massage place but a beautiful young blonde was to pamper me. The massage was not the best part of the session. That's all I can say. All it was a great experience. Vegas always has something in store for me.
5	Every time i come to town, paradise spa is a must visit. Friendly staff and excellent massages, perfect after a long day of gambling!
5	First stop from The long ride from California is to Paradise Spa. The girls are amazing to look at and they really know what they're doing. Pricing is what you'd expect since you're in Vegas, but it is well worth it.Try it guys, you're gonna like it.
5	Was on my way to my hotel, and came across this gem. First things first, when I walked in here expecting Asians I was warmly greeted by a young beautiful slender blonde in her early 20's. I was pleasantly surprised. Absolutely amazing service, expect to leave extremely satisfied, body rub is excellent, and to top it off gorgeous eye candy to look at. Can be a little pricey but totally worth every cent in my opinion. I'll definitely be coming back on my next visit to Vegas.
5	An amazing relaxing place, very nice and quiet inside.  The staff is welcoming and the massages hit the spot!  This will be my first stop, when I'm back in LV.
5	This was a treasure to find. A friend of mine gave me the recommendation of coming here and it was perfect. Needed a solid deep tissue massage and that's what I got. I'll be back soon
5	Wow. There are many things to find when you're in Vegas, but finding a place that pays such fine attention to detail is a treasure to find not just in sin city, but anywhere for that matter. Randomly found this spot as I was driving in on a business trip. (Thank you YELP) and let me say, whatever stresses I had, all went away after an hour long massage with a professional that obviously enjoyed her work. Will be back without a doubt!
5	I haven't felt this RELAXED EVER.. massage was good and affordable, clean and uncrowded. Do yourself a favor and go with your friends for some serious relaxation. Me and friends always come here when we are in town. Remember to bring CASH.. hope you have a great time...
5	Definitely Paradise in Paradise. I had a great experience here. Incredible massage that had me relaxed and feeling 100% during my trip in Vegas. Paradise Spa is a must for every trip to Sin City! Four thumbs up..
5	After a long weekend of partying and getting completely inebriated, I decided to check out Paradise Spa after reading all the reviews. If I could've called out work so I could spend a couple days in here I would've done it in a heart beat. Great massages and a very relaxing environment! I recommend this place for anyone who wants to end their Vegas trip on a good and relaxing note.
1	If there was a minus 5 this place would get it. Way way way overpriced horrible massage paid for an hour but she gave me 30 mins of slapping oil on me. Do not go here. Then they call a cab I go outside and it's some guy in a Hyundai not a taxi but at that point I wanted to get away as fast as possible.
1	Decided to check this place out after hearing all the reviews . The individual service from my therapist was great the older Asian lady who answered the door was so beyond rude and kept changing the price on me . Honestly if it wasn't for her I would come back a handful of times. And best of all having her yell at all the individual therapist in front of me was a loss of respect her service is horrible I highly urge to avoid.  If I could put a negative I would !
