5	t's back!  They have moved to the old Blockbuster Space in Quail Corners at 8400-A Park Road..  By far the best Salsarita's location in Charlotte.  (I thought that about the old location as well).  Ingredients are fresh, and the quality is impeccable.
4	Good food. Good service. Also, they have that new soda dispensing machine. Already have a planned return.
4	This is my favorite Salsaritas location in South Charlotte because of its location and parking.  I find myself making regular stops for takeout on my way home from work, especially on Saturdays.  I think that Salsaritas beats similar competitors by leaps and bounds.  The food is always fresh and colorful and flour tortillas are always steamy and soft, never dry and hard.  They have the best seasoned corn chips, the perfect companion to the best guac and pico de gallo. Portions are always generous without being too much.Have fun custom blending Coca-Cola products from the new beverage dispensers that I have found in the stores!  I am partial to raspberry lemonade!
3	Hello friends,I think I'm spoiled a little bit with my visits to the "Uptown"/"Downtown" Salsarita's. I ordered my usual. Nacho's with the nacho's on the side. This keeps my nachos from getting soggy. Well I'm used to getting a BAG full of chips, and a To-Go box full of toppings for the nachos. Welllll, to my dismay I got a Decent amount of nachos & a BOWL full of toppings. As in a BOWL. So I really had to ration my nachos to topping. Very disappointing. BUT, everything was good and nicely prepared. They moved 1 door down. So now they are not sandwiched between other stores. Now this location. Has the END SPOT. Which is cool because now they have the Outside seating on the side of the building. Everyone greeted with a smile and seemed eager to help. The manager rushed to change the lemon aid, once he was informed by another patron that it was empty. I'll try em out again, but I'll try something else. TTFN
2	Since the renovation, I have had two poor experiences there.  I got turned onto their seasoned chips by a coworker which are wonderful.  When they were freestanding in front of Quail Corners the service was excellent.  I could pass up a $5 bag of Lay's Tostito's at Harris Teeter for a huge bag of theirs for less than $3 being in and out before my groceries started defrosted.With the new layout, there is no way to "jump the line" if all you're getting is chips.  I have spent upwards of 15 to 20 minutes shuffling down the line after saying all I wanted was a bag of chips to go behind other customers having their order assembled.Bottom line, love the chips but hate being subjected to a cafeteria line just to get them and pay.
4	Stumbled upon this place and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered a steak bowl and my boyfriend ordered a taco salad and both were very tasty. The steak had some really nice flavor to it. The ingredients all looked very fresh and we had a lot more options than at other chains that sell similar food (Qdoba, Chipotle, Moe's). For the two of us it cost $17 for two entrees and two drinks.
3	I am wavering between a 2 and a 3.  Meh.  It was... meh - but nothing really wrong or offensive - just meh.  I like Salsarita's for fast casual Mexican, though I typically go to the Blakeney location.  This location, at Quail Corners, was recently renovated (moved from a standalone that was demolished to make room for a McDonald's to inline with the rest of the shopping center).  Clean, bright space - bring on the cheese dip.The food:My typical order of a small steak burrito with chips/queso was called out to the friendly, efficient staff.  My toppings for my burrito were steak, rice, pinto beans, lettuce, sour cream and cheese.  I would have gotten more toppings (ingredients?  additions?), but after seeing the wet scoop of steak go on the burrito (yuck - what is the meat soaking in?) I didn't want a tortilla filled with mush.  Sadly, that is exactly what I got.  The overstuffed burrito was loosely rolled and after about three bites, I had a mess - in between my fingers, under my rings... I hate that.  I ate the rest with a fork.  The meat tasted different to me than the Blakeney location, though since Salsarita's is a chain, I doubt that it was different.  It just tasted not quite right and not the normal yummmm that I experience.  Some of the chips were a little overdone, though good.  Not overly salted and a good weight to hold up to the queso.  The queso, as usual, was yummy.  And they have a Coke Freestyle machine (YAY!), so I was able to have my cherry ginger ale.  There was plenty of seating and the drink and napkins/utensil stations were clean.  Though nice and quiet when I arrived, a little after 6:00 it started to fill up with the typical ill-behaved children and the parents who ignore them.  (Your child's ass and feet on the surface where other people would like to eat isn't acceptable behavior and stop the damn screaming!) Maybe it was just an off night - but I won't be rushing back.
2	Unfortunately the food is just OK. not great.My child ordered the kids plate and we had to wrestle the counter staff to get each of the "extras" that come with tho kid's plate, like salsa and a tiny cinnamon donut. The staff did not apologize for forgetting these items and just gruffly handed them over.I wish I could support this Charlotte chain restaurant, but this location is not worth a return visit. The uptown Salsaritas in the Bank of America is clean, friendly, and tasty. In South Charlotte, better to go to Chipotle.
5	Great burritos also a great selection for drinks. If you want to have some awesome Mexican food then come to Salsaritas!
5	My children give this 5 stars.  Love the drink machine, chips and if you use the loyalty card - they'll discount your meals by quite a bit!
