4	I recently discovered Wing Stop and have already tried their boneless wings three times. The boneless wings have light, crunchy breading that isn't greasy. They also use big chunks of white meat chicken, so you get a good amount of meat as well. There are about 10 different flavors of sauce to try. My favorite so far is the cajun. It's a very spicy combination of buffalo-style sauce and cajun herbs/spices. Next, I like the Louisiana rub, which is similar, but dryer and less spicy. Some other good flavors are BBQ, Hawaiian, teriyaki, and lemon pepper. The boneless wings are priced nicely at $0.60 each every day of the week. I have also tried the seasoned french fries, which are pretty good, but not a must-have.  The wings are made to order, which means you should expect to wait about 10 minutes after placing your order. There is a small dining room at this location with about 10 tables, but you can also order take-out at the counter or call ahead. The staff has been pretty friendly on my visits. I would say the quality of service and food crushes the nearby Buffalo Wild Wings, so I will definitely choose Wing Stop from now on.
5	We just moved from Nashville and was looking for good wings. We had a Wing stop by us and loved it. I found this one by my office and took them home for dinner last night. I thought I was back home. They were amazing! Great flavors. We got garlic parm (my favorite), lemon pepper (my 4 year old) and original hot (everyone's favorite. Try it and you will be disappointed.
3	I've been to the Wing Stop in California multiple times, but this location in particular I've ate at twice. They have nearly 10 different wing flavors to choose from, so whether you're a spicy or mild fan, you should find be able to find one you like. I've had the Hawaiian flavor which has a sweet, mild flavor and the lemon pepper; which I know a lot of people swear by, but to me it tastes like a chicken tender with pepper on it. The fries are always really good! In my opinion even better than the wings. Every Wing Stop location I've been to, the taste/quality of the food is consistent. HOWEVER.... this location definitely took a turn for the worst in the customer service aspect. The employees seem bored and unhappy to be at work. The girl working the register (who took my order both occasions) didn't crack a smile once and came across a little bitchy...Also there were 2 tables with trash/trays on them from previous customers that were there when we arrived and remained even after we left. This place is pretty small and both times it was empty, so there's no reason for it to have been anything but spotless.
1	I call in early so I can eat quick.. because I'm hungry.. and I need to get out quick. I get in, pay. Then I sit reading for 30-45 minutes and finally realize it's been way too long and ask what the deal is. The terd who took my order was apparently completely out of it and was twiddling his thumbs while my order he took sat right next to him. All of the times I've been there it seems to take quite a bit longer than expected. There wings are great but this really annoyed me. They get a one star for now.
1	I had a very bad experience on my last trip and likely won't be coming back. I called in my order and was told it would be ready for pickup in 14 minutes. I didn't arrive until about 20 minutes and they were clearly in disarray. Nevertheless, I waited at the counter for another 20 minutes (40 minutes total now), before canceling my order and asking for a refund. The manager had the audacity to give me a disgusted attitude while processing the refund and said, "we're backed up tonight - I've been telling people 14 or 20 minutes." Well, 40 minutes is ridiculous and far, far longer than both of those "estimates." If you're going to take an hour to serve wings, then be honest; don't lie to me, waste my time, and then insult me on top of it. This behavior is completely unacceptable.
5	It simply does not get better than this!  Put a Wing Stop next door to Buffalo Wild Wings....  They would then need to re-name the Tempe Bowl Game, cuz Buffalo's would cease to exist around here....  Why are you in this small plaza, small store and, unseen?  YOU NEED TO BE ON MILL AVE, or next to Jimmy John's on Apache.... Or on ASU games and on campus.The large fries are too much for two ppl, bring a 3rd... Think bigger and better than 5 Guys, and 1/3 the grease.  Chicken is perfect, never over-fried and great seasoning.  They've got a friend for life now.
3	We gave Wing Stop a second chance after the debacle that I wrote about a few months prior. Our experience was quite the opposite. There were new staff members and the place was quiet and empty when we arrived. The cashier was very courteous. Our wings were on time and cooked the best we ever had from this location. This was quite a turnaround from my previous experience and I hope they can keep up with this kind of service on a regular basis.
4	The food was really good! The smart phone app has issues though, when you get the app it has a deal that you will get 5 free boneless...however it doesn't actually work, so that was a bit irritating. Not neccessarily the restaurants fault.I had traditional wings in Lousiana Rub and Original hot with Bleu Cheese.  The Lousiana Rub ones were my favorite and I'll definitely have to get them again.  The Bourbon Baked Beans are amazing, I love baked beans and these had such a different but yummy taste!
4	Ate here yesterday with a friend.  Tried the boneless Cajun, traditional hot, traditional Louisiana rub, and fries with cheese sauce (I was hungry!).  The traditional hot was the best of the three.  The Cajun was good but didn't have a lot of flavor besides hot!  Wasn't a big fan of the Louisiana rub.  Fries were good and cheese sauce was a good up sell by the guy at the counter.  Good customer service and food was quick.  I'll be going back to Wing Stop!
5	Do you like Hooters for the Wings?? I don't I like it for other reasons!!! I like WING STOP for its WINGS!! This place has the best wings, original hot is the way to go with some seasoned fries and bleu cheese that will make you feel like a little kid getting their favorite toy in the store.
4	Great, friendly service! Excellent flavor options. My reasoning behind not giving 5 stars, the wings are a little smaller than the competition down the street...that said, they are slightly less expensive so that's fair I suppose! We'll be back for sure!
4	I haven't been to WingStop that many times before so I didn't expect customer service from a small wing joint. I was pleasantly surprised :) I like that even a fast food chain can have friendly people. My boyfriend walked up to the counter and asked for a box and the guy told him he'd wrap up our stuff for us. So my boyfriend then brought the tray up to the counter and he took our food and brought it back neatly boxed and bagged. I also went up to the counter and was greeted by a nice guy who asked if I needed a refill and filled my cup. It's the little things that make an establishment worthwhile to visit. You just don't have that at McDonald's. Service was a little slow. I personally don't think their wings are anything to rave about, but ill come back soon for sure because I was treated nicely.  Thanks WingStop!
4	Not really a big fan of the wings since it doesn't have a lot of meat on it.  But I do like to try out different sauces from the very spicy hot atomic to the sweet teriyaki.  Whatever you like, they have it.  The had the special boneless wings for 60 cents a piece, but no specials for the bone-in wings, not really sure why not.  I especially love their fries, so fresh and not too salty.  This location is right by ASU Tempe Campus and it's near few major freeways, Loop-202, Loop-101, SR-60, and I-10.  Traffic will be a little bit tight during afternoon rush hours.  Overall a great fast service, you should definitely check it out if you are a wing person and have never try it out before.  I would say that it's much much better than Hooter's and Buffalo Wild Wings.
2	Food wasnt that great. Everytime I come here the quality of food and taste keeps getting worse. Nothing beats canes
1	Just gave this place a second try and I am even more disappointed than I had been the first time. Same horrendous service, soggy fries, and mediocre wings. What really put the cherry on the cake was the "thug" cashier who was told 3 times that I wanted my order to go and he brought it to me as if I were eating-in. When I corrected him he began to roll his eyes and start huffing and puffing. No seriously, he looks like he is thirty. The food was just as bad. Soggy fries and tiny burnt wings that tastes like rubber, yeah no thanks. I am not sure what people like about this place but I guess it's good enough to impress a bunch of frat guys at the ASU campus nearby. If you appreciate quality service and good food don't waste your time here.
4	Wings cooked perfectly. Buffalo sauce is great and equally as good is the blue cheese dressing. Coleslaw was a 7 out of 10 and the fries an 8 out of 10. Fairly quick, orders out in 10 minutes. Only complaint and i think im just getting old, but i cant stand when a eatery blasts adult contemporary music while you eat. Back ground music is fine but when you have to raise your voice to talk its too much. It is probably good for table turnover though because i ate and ran the hell out. I cant get the coldplay out of head. Ahhhh
5	Many times at Wingstop but first time at this location. I ordered the eight piece lunch special which comes with wing, fries, dipping sauce (ranch or bleu cheese) and a medium drink. Leftover wings baby. Wings took the standard 14 minutes. The fries at Wingstop are always a crapshoot: sometimes they're fresh and sometimes limp. This time: fresh, hot, skin on fries with just the right amount of seasoned salt. The wings were spot on: big, hot, juicy and loaded with sauce/rub. I got four Hot and four Cajun. I recommend both, along with Louisiana Rub. I have always recommended Wingstop over the years and I add this location to the list. Service was friendly, snappy and professional. Any time you are in the Tempe Marketplace area, drive West one mile and try Wingstop. You'll be glad you did.
2	I had never been to a Wing Stop before, decided to give it a try.  The taste wasn't too bad and there were enough flavor choices, but the food here is way too salty.  Probably will dine elsewhere when looking for wings next time.
5	This Tempe location is right off the freeway in a tiny strip mall filled with places to eat. I decided to dine here as my past experiences at Wingstops throughout the valley have been a pleasure. The moment I walked in the door yesterday I was greeted by a friendly female cashier. I knew exactly what I wanted. The cashier repeated my order to me and asked me if I wanted to upsize my drink. As I sat and waited for my food she kept herself busy by cleaning the resturant. Which the resturant looked spotless. Very clean dining experience. I felt at home as I can appreciate a clean establishment. There were TV's to watch as my freshly made food was frying.There were two other workers. A male cook and the manager. The manager who that was a male as well was friendly to me and the other patrons who walked in the establishment but a beast to his employees. He made a comment to the male cook asking him to use his brain. Then he even asked him if his father has to hold his hand. I guess the guy was moving slow but it gives him no right to talk down to him. I could not believe how loud the manager was along with unprofessional. The female cashier looked at me in embaressment. I felt bad as this is not the type of culture I am use to seeing at Wingstop. Overall the experience was good. My food was perfect along with the customer service I received.
