4	Another restaurant in a strip mall, but this one is different too.  Rather than being tucked in a small space, this one is quite cavernous.  While the entrance seems small, you are led through a door into what is almost a warehouse that has been converted into a Mexican cantina, and you are greeted quickly and rapidly served toasty warm chips.The meal is then served quickly, with fresh ingredients and large portions.  While the only downfall is that the rest of the strip mall around the restaurant isn't doing that well, the fact that this is part of a larger regional chain may allow it to ride out the storm.  I sure hope so.
5	I went to the Don Pedro's at 8943 S Tryon St. I am generally not a huge fan of mexican food, but this place is great, the food is awesome! Very reasonabley priced, and the staff is very nice and attentive. I didn't even realize this place was chain.
4	HOLA !  Is this place a chain? I'm usually the first to frequent an independent restaurant .......but oh well , It is good. We went to the one on S. Tryon also!  We did not make it for Cinco de Mayo, we made our visit on SIXO de Mayo!Anyway , I really enjoy their Carnitas de Puerco(pork dish) the meat is so tender and tasty! Friend had Steak Azteca, the shrimp that were served in this dish were very good but the steak was tough (according to my friend) and the other dish was Pollo con crema(chicken in a little spicy sour cream sauce) it was also good , I grabbed a bite of that one!I like how the manager? or owner? not sure? ......... would be walking out of kitchen yelling spanish sounds of  "lets go ,lets go,get pumped eveyone" I didn't care so much for the rice that was served with my dish.So I needed to order another great big margarita to wash it down .WINK WINK .I'm thinking of getting one of the girls  uniforms for halloween!
5	For traditional Mexican fare with large portions and no frills, this is a fine place. It's a little out of the way down there on Independence, but don't be fooled by the strip club and lingerie store in the same plaza -- for a strip-mall place, Don Pedro is a spacious treasure.Everything is good here, from the Camarones (Shrimp), Enchiladas, to anything with Pollo (Chicken) and Carne Asada (Steak). Rice and beans are heaping as the sides, and the fresh, hot chips and two kinds of salsa deliver nicely before the meal.You can eat there as a family, with friends, for an office lunch, or even for a little party, if you're in the margarita mood. I've been to Azteca (which I believe is the same management) and the other Don Pedro (down there on Tryon near 485), but I tend to like this one a bit better.The service is good, the food is authentic (our resident Mexican gave it a thumbs up) and on top of everything else, you leave smiling without spending too much cash. They even give you a little free dessert!
4	Yes, I know ,I am well aware of the fact that if this were politics I would be know as a flip flopper! What can I say after trying many Mexican joints,  I must say,  I am still a fan of Don Pedro. If it helps to know , this is not the only location I have been to.
5	I didn't want to love it. I wanted to stick to our neighborhood places, where the ambience is lousy but the food seems authentic. I didn't want the margaritas to be big and cheap and delicious and strong. I didn't want the plates to be so huge, or the food to be so great, or the prices to be so reasonable. But Don Pedro GOT ME! Yes, it IS in a strip mall out on Independence, with some neighboring storefronts that give "strip mall" special meaning. The interior does have a bit of the feel of a chain place, but it really is festive and fun, so why deny it? And sometimes there is a 5-piece mariachi band strolling around the joint ! But you are looking for good mexican food, so back to that - the food is excellent, the portions are huge and we've never tried anything there that we didn't love.
5	Ive been here a dozen plus times and never left unsatisfied or anything less than stuffed.  The one on South Tryon is closer to me, so Ive been only to this location.  The hostess knows us well enough to know our favorite booth,  and the waiters know my spice level (which is pretty high).Since I eat seafood and vegetarian exclusively, I just pay $1 extra to get the regular lunch combinations replaced with shrimp, not bad at all.  The rice and beans are bland, but upon request they give a spicy sauce that tastes much like habenero sauce to me.  Makes me sweat, but I love it!  Everything is worth trying once or twice or more, and portions are gargantuan.  Enjoy.
3	This place reminds me of the Mexican pavillion at Epcot, a little.As in overdone, but awesome. Hello, 2 story waterfall. The menu is exactly the same as Azteca's, so that's a plus, since Azteca is decent, veg-friendly tex-mex. Pretty sure they're all part of the same local chain. Service is always over the top terrific and we end up leaving a 40% tip often since the bill is always so low - the most expensive thing I've ever ordered here was 9.50.Chips are good and plentiful. Nothing here is blow you away, but most of it is passable, sometimes even good. Don't order the huevos rancheros - probably the least impressive thing on the menu. My favs, at both Pedro's and Azteca, are the Enchiladas de Espinaca - rice, beans, and fresh spinach-stuffed flour tortillas smothered in queso sauce. Yeah, there's veggies in there, but this is heart attack land.Another fav - machos burrito. I guess eating cactus puts hair on your chest. Its a pickle burrito. It is awesome. Have them add some fresh jalapenos for a kick. Its as big as your head, so you'll take some home - fry an egg, stick it on top, you got yourself 3 dollar brekkie.And hey, since Skandalos is right next store, you could stuff your face AND see mexican heavy metal, all in one night. Hell yeah.
4	I am a frequent visitor of the Don Pedro!  Don't let the location detour you.  As long you come when the mariachi band isn't there - you're good!  I'm pretty sure my ears have almost exploded when they have played beside my table!  But for authenticity purposes, the band is pretty cool :)  Typical delicious mexican food - the queso is really good - margaritas are delicious and they give you free dessert at the end (which I never need, but always eat).
4	Hablas espanol? No importa!!!!  If you want cheap, gringo-esque  Mexican food served by friendly folks, Don Pedros is your place.First, they serve freshly fried tortilla chips with homemade salsa (lots of cilantro).  They have lunch specials for $4.  And I don't mean Taco Bell-sized portions either.  Everything they serve is hearty.  If you don't mind the calories, get the chicken chimichanga.  Its a fried tortilla, stuffed with chicken, and covered with chesse, guacamole, and sour cream.  They serve enough rice and fried beans on the side to feed about three people.  Every meal is finished by sopapillas-fried tortillas with honey, cinnamon, and a dollop of whip cream.  Muy rico!!!When I worked nearby, I ordered takeout alteast once a month.  It was usually read in 10 minutes or less.  A typical entree is around $8.  They have a second menu with specialities and authentic Mexican dishes.  The wait staff speak English well, so nothing gets "lost in translation" when ordering.
4	I have to downgrade ol' Don Pedro because of the ongoing situation with the salsa/pico de coleslaw. I mean maybe it is innovative to introduce cabbage - lots of WILTY cabbage - to your salsa/pico, but it sure ain't good. Cabbage is probably recession-proof, but please go back to the good stuff, guys!
4	Really great Mexican food. Some of the best in Charlotte along with Las Margaritas. The prices are great and the service is too. One of the benefits of coming here is the ability to host groups and get them fed in a good amount of time. Splitting a check is never difficult as it can be at some restaurants. The food is pretty good, but the last visit here left me with a very very greasy quesadilla. But, for the price, you can hardly argue with it.
5	I love this place!!!  It has become one of my staple "go-to" places.  The service is great, they are quick, and the food is great!  I love the Don Pedro Burrito...shrimp and chicken in a burrito, covered with cheese, sour cream, and avacado slices (and it's healthy too! LOL).  And the best part is that everything will feed you for at least 2-3 meals, so you have lunch ready for the next day!  In my book, this is a must if you are a Mexican fan.
4	This restaurant is no longer called Don Pedro's.  It is now Jallisco's.
