5	Dr. Simpson is the most amazing Weight loss doctor!  He really takes time to get to know you and works with you to meet your goals.  I've had my lap band for over 5 years and it still works beautifully! I recommend him time and time again!
5	Where do I begin? I've known for the last couple of years that I've wanted to get a lap band from Dr. Simpson. I had first seen him on Sonoran Living Live and then after that I followed him on Twitter. For about a year I would tweet or Facebook him questions about the procedure and he would always get back to me in a timely manner, I wasn't even his patient yet!I am now his patient and as a former surgical scrub tech and now RN, I know I chose the best surgeon to do this procedure for me. The surgery was flawless, I was up and at em', chasing around my toddler three days after my surgery. I would have questions or concerns and he asked me to email him. When I emailed him, he would reply within 5 minutes time and one time he was even OUT OF THE COUNTRY and still replied quickly and said to email him whenever I had a concern. I have NEVER seen patient care like this, truly amazing. Dr. Simpson cares about his patients and their outcome. He wants the procedure to work for them and as long as you follow his guidelines you will be successful. I highly recommend Dr. Simpson for the lap band procedure.
5	Dr. Terry Simpson is My Doctor!  He did my Lap band and is the BEST!!   :)
1	So rude. My doctor referred me to Dr. Simpson. The scheduling process is ridiculous and complicated. Finally when they were about to schedule me the girl puts me on hold and the office manager comes on to tell me that's it's going to be 250 dollars because I had my surgery in Mexico. I explained my situation, how I am sick and need a lap band revision and that my insurance was going to cover it! She was just rude her tone made me feel like I was trash she couldn't care less about my situation. So they really don't give a crap. I am so glad I didn't use Dr. Simpson in the first place to get my lap band, he may be a nice guy but his staff is a 0 out of 10.
5	I have been a patient of Dr Simpsons for over 12 years now.  He has helped me lose 250 pounds and keep them off!  Anytime I ever have an emergency he is there to offer advice and help.  Last week I had an issue and was able to message him on the weekend and he got back to me.  Amazing Doctor, Amazing staff.
