1	David came out to my house and did an estimate on approximately 5/15/12. He told me one price, we negotiated, but then he left an estimate for a price different than what was discussed via telephone. He told me he would call me to schedule. The next time I heard from David was on 5/30. He called me and cryptically stated "Did you cut your tree". I explained I had and that not only did he provide me a different price on the written estimate, but never called to schedule. He began to yell at me for hiring someone else. I hung up on him. He then called me back and continued to go off on me. I told him that his actions were creeping me out and that the tree is done so it is irrelevant.I find it extremely unprofessional, and really pretty scary, that this man not only has driven by my house to check up on the work (before even calling to schedule) but also that he would call me and conduct himself this way.
1	My next-door neighbor passed away, and whoever took over property management hired Branch Management Tree Service.  The first time we found out about this was when my wife got home from work to find that one of their workers was asleep on the floor of our carport, and there were large tree branches scattered all over our driveway and our yard.  The workers informed her they would clean the mess up.  When I got home 2 hrs later they had piled all the branches in large piles (3 ft. high, 6 ft. long debris piles) on my yard and left.  The next day they didn't come back at all.  This morning they came back and unloaded all of their equipment in my driveway again, I asked who was in charge and spoke to David Scmidt.  I informed him that I wasn't pleased that he had left things all over my yard, that he had been in my yard in the first place without asking, and that he had distroyed one of my bushes by dropping and leaving a log on it.  He looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language, didn't apologize, and didn't offer any explanation at all.  I informed him I would be contacting the police, and only then did he tell his people to remove their equipment from my yard.  I contacted the authorities and filed a complaint w/City Code Enforcement.  We'll see what happens next.
5	Called to have a large pine tree removed- the sales man came out provided an estimate, scheduled the job - 2 days later the tree was removed - they took out the stump and cleaned everything up
1	This is a business run out of someone's apartment (google the 7950 E Starlight Way Ste 128 Scottsdale, AZ 85250 address) and it lacks any hint of professionalism. David is slightly unbalanced and what other posters have said about his behavior is true. There's no dealing with him in a professional and sane way if anything goes wrong and he turns on you, the customer, in a desperate need to prove you're the problem. Worse part, I suspect the accreditations are bogus and he uses those to substantiate high prices. There are a LOT of tree companies in Phoenix. ... do yourself a favor and keep looking.
