4	New food truck in CLT...yeah! When I visited Tin Kitchen during the South End Food Truck Rally I was pleasantly surprised by the array of tasty taco options written on their menu board. Despite being super busy, the dudes behind the Tin Kitchen were quite friendly and happy to serve the masses! While I was jonesin' for the Thai shrimp tacos, unfortunately, because of their popularity, those little crustacean envelopes were sold out. No worries, though, there were a handful of other delightful looking options to try! For $16, hubs and I split the beef brisket tacos & the pork belly tacos (3 each) with kimchi and hoisin sauce. Of the two, I favored the brisket quite a bit more. It was tender, savory and perfectly paired with a crunchy slaw. I was also a fan of the green rice as a side; it was a nicely flavored accompaniment and not the least bit mushy. No one wants mushy rice!As for the other taco plate, the pork belly was nicely cooked, but the hoisin sauce was almost saccharin sweet and overpowered the pork and the kimchi. Overall, Tin Kitchen is off to a great start and I'm looking forward to catching them again soon!
4	Tried a taco while they were at the South End Food Truck Lot on a recent Friday night.  Tough decision but I went with a Smoked Salmon special taco that had avocado mousse and chipolte aioli and crispy onions.  Hungry yet?  I'm sad that I only had one.
5	One of my most favorite food Trucks. Always check the specials last night (3/08/2012) in NoDa was Pork Belly Taco. Best thing I'v had in a while. I always follow them on Twitter to keep up with the location and Specials. A few weeks back they had Duck Taco with Duck Crackling on it. YEA!
5	YUMMM! The drunken chicken tacos are so fresh and amazing!
4	The drunken chicken tacos were so fresh.  The shell was warm having just come out of the fryer.  I have no idea how things like raisins, chickens, and goat cheese make an awesome taco, but they do.  Prices are reasonable.  I may be hesitant to order any of their other offerings because these things were so good.
5	Ate here recently when they were parked outside the Observer.  I ordered the beef brisket tacos with green rice.  They were both delicious.  The brisket was not fatty at all, was very tender, and they didn't skimp on the amount in the taco.  The slaw and sauce complimented it perfectly.  Some people might think the brisket was a little salty, but I thought it was perfect.  It is a little pricey but to me is well worth it with the quality of the food and the amount you get.  Its not much more than Salsaritas and is a million times better.  Try it once and you'll be back for more.
4	Refreshing change of pace from the food choices in charlotte. Everything I've had is fresh and local. The Thai Shrimp tacos  were great.
5	Well this is my first review, so here we go.  My wife and I had the chance to try the food from The Tin Kitchen when we stopped by the Noda Brewery on 4/28/12.  Apparently, they regularly park at the brewery every other Saturday, and since the brewery offers no food, it makes for a good relationship. They had some special tacos, which included soft shell crab and a steak option along with their standard choices.  We both decided to go with the soft shel crab tacos, and I took the red rice as my side while my wife took the pickled veggies.  Everything was very fresh tasting and the tacos were made to order, as we saw them preparing the soft shell crabs on the spot.  The price was a little more than their regular fare at 13$ for the tacos, but it was well worth it. We will certainly be tracking The Tin Kitchen down again in the future.While they do offer drinks, we were also there for the beer inside the Noda Brewery, but that is for another review.
5	Delicious soft shell crab tacos. Shells are amazing too.
4	I'd like to first off forewarn everyone that the tortillas for the tacos are dripping in oil and crispy on the edges. If you can get past the oiliness, then continue reading...The food here looks, smells, and tastes delicious. I ordered the BBQ Beef Brisket Tacos which comes with 2 tacos and a choice of a side (I got the cilantro rice).  I wasn't even hungry and downed the dish in nearly 5 minutes flat. Yes, the filling was that good. The brisket was tender and drenched in flavorful sauce. It was accompanied with a slaw and green onions. The tortillas were really oily and on a healthy day I would respond with only a face of disgust. But, at least it's crispy. For a better idea for the level of fry, it's like they dipped it in oil and tossed it on the flat top. It's half way between a soft and hard taco shell.  The serving size is large for 2 tacos, but small for $8 (that's the price of gourmet!). I would love to try more dishes here (gotta chase down the food truck) but I can't quite make this a regular excursion.
5	My boss took me to this place on their stop in NoDa.  We ordered our tacos from truck (my first visit I had drunken chicken, my second time ever I had one of their specials) then went into the NoDa Brewery for some beer while waiting.  The man brought our tacos into the brewery for us.  The platter comes with two tacos and a small side.  I got green rice, which is sooooo delicious.The tacos themselves were sheer heaven.  The filling was delicious and was cooked perfectly.  Needed some napkins as my drunken chicken taco was a little drippy, but I didn't care that I made a mess of myself.  It was delicious and I was off the clock.I have a frequent visitor card to the Tin Kitchen and I fully intend on filling that card SOON.
5	I first tried the Tin Kitchen at the Tread the Thread 5K race down at the Anne Close Springs Green-way and had the pork taco.  It was freaking AWESOME!  The guys did a great job handling a huge crowd (100+ people) while still maintain quality.I just ate here for lunch at the Tryon & Morehead location in-front of the Catawba Lands Conservancy office.  I had the salmon taco with pineapple pico and cilantro-jalapeno rice.  Again, it was an excellent lunch.Want to give a BIG thank you btw to these guys.  I didn't' read the dish entirely and missed that it came with an aioli sauce.  I can't eat aioli due to a food allergy, so I was disappointed at myself when I got my lunch.  Explained to the guy I needed to order another taco, but without the sauce.  Even though I offered to pay, he gave me the new order for free.  PEOPLE, THAT IS CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!Couple things about the food..... yes the shell is slightly oily, but crisp.  It is a bit pricy for my normal lunch budget / amount of food, but I realize I am paying for quality not quantity here.  The rice is good, but didn't have any jalapeno flavor at all..... I was actually grateful for this since I am not a fan of spicy.Looking forward to them coming by my office again next Tuesday.
5	Dear Tin Kitchen, oh how I love thee!  Your Chicken Tinga Tacos are so good, I crave them throughout the week.  My favorite are your beef brisket tacos but I have to be in the mood.  My friends rave about your thai shrimp tacos (can't remember what they are really called).  My only issue is you run out of good food too early on Friday nights at the FTF event.  I guess that's how you start an addiction, yes?!  Besides that, you are my favorite food truck out there (and I've eaten at many).
5	"The best restaurant in CLT is a food truck"  My friend Matthew describes this new trendy taco truck to me. "They hands down have some of the best food CLT has to offer."  Well this wasn't the first time I heard raving reviews about them.  It just so happens while he was telling me this, I had booked them a few weeks prior for my Wedding Party.  They can also be found outside the Observer, in NoDa, the Common Market south end Friday nights or Use them for Catering as we did. My wife and I are not very traditional, we had a Wedding Party a week after we were married and used the Tin Kitchen as our chefs.  We wanted something different that had some great food.  We decided to use The Tin kitchen, have Margarita's and Corona's match the predictable hot July day in CLT.   We were referred to them by a family member and are glad we had a chance to use them.  I was basically sold on three different aspects: 1) The food is amazing, my favorite was the Drunken Chicken WHAT A DELICIOUS TREAT!.  (served with a side of Cilantro, Jalapeno Rice WOW!)  2) David and Charlie are very passionate about what they do and you can taste it in their food.  .  3) The concept, Food trucks are trendy, laid back and a outside of the box approach for a party, and all the guests loved the ideaNot only did they provide entrees but they also served some tasty hors d'oeuvres.  They consisted of a tuna watermelon ( turns out tuna and Watermelon are meant to be together), Pork tenderloin (delicious), scallops and pineapple, chicken salad sandwiches and Mediterranean pasta salad which was my wife's fave!.  Everyone involved was so pleasant and did a great job.  On a side note I was just informed that they were booked by Google for the Democratic National Convention.  Yeah they are that good.  I mean come on if Google is booking them out of all the restaurants in CLT they are worth a try.  Well congrats Tin Kitchen, My hat goes off to you guys and your food truck!  I will definitely be seeing you guys soon.Be sure to Catch them on the road and I just realized I did not mention the Pork Belly Taco,  WORTH MENTIONING! A Tin Kitchen Signature TACO!
5	This food truck was gourmet on wheels!  I tried their steak and shiitake taco and it was heavenly.  From the people walking away with stacks of orders, I get the feeling that everything is delicious.  It was the perfect pairing to the beers I grabbed from the local brewery and was well worth standing in the dusty parking lot for 20 minutes to get it!  It didn't hurt that the young men who worked there were charismatic and easy on the eyes by the way :) shh don't tell my husband
5	The gentleman running the truck was very VERY friendly (wow, someone who cares about customer service), the menu was delicious, food was reasonably priced and what we got more than surpassed what we paid.  The special of the day was the Mahi Mahi taco (which my neighbor said was THE BEST meal he has had in Charlotte). It was a perfectly (coming from perfectionist Texan yee-haw neighbor Ryan, it was PERFECT) grilled piece of mahi, on a deliciously grilled tortilla with a piccata sauce and crispy anchovies topped with some fresh slaw that was still cool and crispy. The combination of the fish, the piccata and the slaw-chovies was better than anything he got in Texas (I will let you know what he says in response to this, because nothing is better than food in Texas).  He loved the truck so much, he declared he will undoubtedly be back for more any chance he gets (for only 9 bucks).Other menu options included the gut bandit choice of Thai Shrimp Tacos - tender shrimp simmered in a Coconut Curry Broth topped with a crisp Thai Slaw - side of choice was beans and hot damn those beans were good.  For 8 bucks, you can't get anything better in Charlotte.  Plus, you don't have to wait a decade for someone to notice your drinks are gone and you have been begging them for your bill.http://gutcharlotte.wordpress.com/2012/04/02/the-gut-awakens-thanks-to-the-tin-kitchen-food-truck/
5	Rookie Food Truck person!  First off, they are so friendly when you walk up, you are completely at ease perusing the menu on the side of the truck and asking questions.  Placing the order was easy-peasy.  Hung around in parking lot trying to look I wasn't scoping the place out to hot wire the cars but that's not the Tin Kitchen's fault.  It is was it is (thank you John Fox) - food was melt in your mouth delicious - braised beef tacos stuffed full of slaw and meat - wonderful combination of tart and spicy - but those pickled veggies were off the chart good - hint:  order a drink to soften the heat from the veggies.  Will be a regular from now on.  These Guys Are Good!
5	This place was awesome! The guys in the truck were really friendly and the food was delicious.
5	While in town visiting my family, my sister told me about this taco truck she wanted to go to.  I'm pretty much game for anything, so I said sure.  We hopped in the car and a short car ride later, she turned a corner and said "there it is!"  Up ahead, gleaming gloriously in the sun, was the silver taco truck known as the Tin Kitchen.  As soon as we parked and got out, I could smell the amazingness.  The guys greeted us as we walked up and I immediately noticed how hot they were (bonus points for that lol).  I looked over the menu and decided to go with their special taco for the day: a jerk chicken taco.  We went inside of the brewery to wait while the tacos were being cooked up.  My sister went out and grabbed our tacos and set down the clear plastic container in front of me.  I opened it up and took in the smell that wafted up.  I practically drooled all over the table.  The taco was so perfectly spiced and all the flavors worked together in perfect harmony.  The green rice side dish was also heavenly.  I definitely know that this is a truck we'll have to find every time I come down to visit.
5	I won't go overly long on this review, I think it's enough to say that these guys are just awesome. Every time I've eaten here, either at a Food Truck Friday or out in Uptown, they've delivered the goods. Fresh, flavorful and varied, they always surprise with their options. And they've had a few deals on Yelp, so keep your eye out to save a little, since it isn't really a cheap meal, but the ingredients are all well sourced and the guys obviously care about what their doing so I don't mind paying a little premium. Keep it up!
4	First time at this food truck & I wasn't expecting tacos. I was pleasantly surprised. The crew are all friendly and the tacos were delicious. I had the drunken chicken  and the scallop with the pickled vegetables..... and ummm....I am ALL ABOUT those pickled veggies. I could eat the pickled veggies on their own at least once a day. I'm smiling over here as I type about them. They are fresh pickled and tangy awesomeness. Spicy though.... so if you're not into the hot stuff I'd skip over the jalapeno peppers.Anyway, I'm a fan. And I'll be back.
4	Haven't tried a bite here that wasn't amazing. Try the brisket, try the shrimp. Sides are bit smaller than I would like but I guess that is why they are called sides- I was just craving more beans! They also have rocking Yelp and Foursquare specials that make happening upon this truck all the more delicious.
4	The Tin Kitchen has been around for some time & I can't believe it took me this long to try them.I had their pan fried scallop tacos the other evening & was very pleased. All the flavors combined in two tacos...mmm, I only wish the order came with more!While I enjoyed the chips, the accompanied salsa was not for me. I'm a traditional salsa gal & when I see salsa with beans & corn, I'm a little sad.  I have no doubt that it didn't taste good, but I don't care for beans, period. The gentleman working the truck were very nice & quick with my order. The presentation was nice, too!  Another plus: their prices.
3	We found The Tin Kitchen while doing a gallery tour in the South End on a Friday night.  I saw that their special that night was duck tacos and they sounded amazing on the board, so had to try them.  Was really excited and ended up a little disappointed.  The duck was nicely cooked and their bean salsa was pretty tasty too, but the dish felt like it was lacking something overall.  I was expecting it to be a little more spicy or flavorful and it just was missing the kick I was looking for.  The flour tortilla also seemed to overpower the rest of the taco - perhaps if there was some cheese or something else to offset the flour taste?If the taco had been $7 or $8 I would have been a little less disappointed, but at $10 was expecting it to be really, really good.  It wasn't bad.  It was OK and I'd still give them another chance if I happen to come across them, but I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to find them again.  Still not bad for my first food truck experience in Charlotte.  Made me happy to see the food truck scene after coming from NY and practically living off food truck food every day!
2	I had them at a really busy time. As I stood in line I reviewed the menu and grew eager to try the food.   I got the special of the day which was a scallop taco. the food came out fairly quickly considering how long the line was but it stillw wasnt quick enough for me given how cold it was. When I finally bit into my taco I was disappointed.  You could barely tell there was scallops in there. There really wasnt a lot in the taco period.  I also got the bean salsa that was pretty basic and kind of bland.  Overall, a disapointment.
5	I love the variety and quality of food the Tin Kitchen offers. These aren't your average tacos! They have a couple of options for the vegetarian and vegan crowds (keep adding more, guys!) and plenty of choices for those of omnivorous leanings. I generally grab lunch at their McDowell St location and it's just the right portion to get me through the rest of the work day. Jack and Jimmy are always friendly, helpful and quick!My favorite was a charro bean and sweet potato hash special back in the fall and their marinated portabella mushroom is one of the best shrooms I've tried.  The chow chow topping adds a nice zing to  the veg tacos or salads. Definitely give them a try for lunch or catch them at one of the brewery stops for some tacos and a cold beer. Perfect!
5	Just had the last bite of my blackened tilapia taco with corn salsa and a side salad.  Perfect amount for a lunch.  My first time trying Tin and would definitely go back again.  I am food truck junkie who loves the food trucks in Charleston and Tin Kitchen will give them a run for their money.See you tomorrow!!!
4	Yay for the Tin Kitchen.   The location of my place of employment leaves much to be desired when it comes to food options.  So it's a welcome change when the Tin Kitchen food truck comes to our corporate park on Fridays for lunch.  The menu has something for everyone - from the meat lover to the veggie lover. On my last visit, I got the Blackened Tilapia. Boy, it was good!  The guys are so friendly! And you can tell that care was taken for each order - their mise en place must be meticulous because the tacos come out so beautiful.  Yes, tacos can be presented beautifully! Looking forward to next week!
5	I had been wanting to try The Tin Kitchen for a while because I know the owner's mother.  My husband and I saw the truck in a long line of other vendors, so we decided to visit.  It turns out that The Tin Kitchen was part of a fundraiser for cancer, and we were supposed to buy tickets for the event.  Because we were hosting a dinner party that night, we told The TIn Kitchen that we would try them another time.  They insisted on giving us food anyway!  I had the buffalo cauliflower tacos and the pickled vegtables.  Both were delicious.  The buffalos cauliflower tacos were topped with blue cheese.  I was warned by the chef that the pickled vegetables were very spicy, but I love hot food and found them to have a nice, mild burn.  My husband ordered the pork loin tacos and enjoyed them as well.  Very pleased with the food, as well as the friendliness of the staff.  Will definitely order from them again!
4	Hard to believe I'm just now trying The Tin Kitchen but I am. Caught up with them at the Food Truck Friday in Southend. They had a lot of taco specials for the night but I went with one of their staples, the beef brisket taco. The brisket was tender and the sauce had a nice kick. Very flavorful dish. I had the pickled veggies on the side. Not bad but I wished there were more veggies, not just red peppers & onions. I'm looking forward to catching up with this truck again soon.
4	I caught up with the TIN Kitchen this past Food Truck Friday. I got there early so there was no line. I also snagged a $7 for $10 Yelp deal to sweeten the pot! I opted for the daily special - crispy pork belly tacos over 30 minute kimchi w/ hoisin glaze ($10 two tacos and a side). I chose the pickled veggies for my side. I put my order in and hung out till my name was called. The pork belly was nicely cooked and crispy, as promised. I struggle to call the cabbage that was on the taco "kimchi"... I am Korean ya know... It wasn't spicy at all. It was really more of a lightly salted, pickled napa cabbage. Not at all what I expected, but it went well with the meat. Just don't call it kimchi... ok... cool. The hoisin gave the taco a nice sweet flavor that complemented the pork belly. I wasn't a huge fan of the pickled veggies - red & yellow bell peppers and lots of red onions. They were super vinegary but had a nice spicy finish. I would have liked the veggies better if there was a greater variety or just less onions. I'd definitely visit them again!
4	I visited TIN Kitchen on location at Triple C Brewery. I love their catchy name and easily-identifiable silver paint job. Plus, I have to give props for being able to park inside of a gated section of Triple C's outside patio.Give my high standards for Mexican-inspired cuisine (I'm from Southern California), I have sadly learned to be trepidacious about it's quality in the Queen City. Yet, TIN delivered so hard, that I had to go back for more! With all of the wonderful smells drifting from this truck, it was hard to decide what to get. I ended up choosing wisely with the Brisket BBQ, while my girlfriend went for the tried and true Blackened Fish Taco. Despite a line of waiting people, the food was ready in the time it took to get drinks from Triple C and find a table. Not too shabby. The tacos are mind blowing. While I never eat fish, I actually enjoyed the nibble I stole from my girlfriend from my girlfriend's taco. But the undisputed star of the evening was without a doubt the BBQ Brisket--smokey chipotle bbq sauce with a fantastic slaw. When they say house-made brisket, they ain't lying. The innovative flavors where a perfect marriage of Mexican inspired chipotle with some southern flare. These is a very intentional paring of flavors rather than the "oh, I'll just put some of mom's slaw on top and call it Southern" mentality that I often see at places. And the tender meat would give some established bbq joints a run for their beef. The finishing touch was the crispy texture of the toasted tortilla that added a nice crunch to the package.After demolishing 4 tacos between us, we had to go back for more. This time we shared an order of the Oaxacan Chicken Mole. While by no means bad, it somehow lacked the gluttonous pleasure of the BBQ. So why the missing star? The sides.Whereas the tacos shine, the side are lackluster. The beans of the Peruvian 3-Bean Salad seemed somewhat undercooked. In viewing the chips and salsa, they didn't stand out as amazing, particularly the store-bought chips (if you could do house-made chips and you would quickly become my hero). The saffron rice is probably your best bet. Still when placed (literally) next to the unadulterated awesomeness of the tacos, the sides simply fell short.In addition to their taco's, they also had a special on oysters (raw or fried) while we were there. While I am not a seafood person, it definitely seemed to be a popular item. It is nice to see them mix it up a little.
4	Blackened fish tacos...Move two thumbs up
4	I have been to this food truck only one time, but was very impressed with the quality of the food and friendliness of the staff.  We were lucky to be first in line for our visit because shortly after they opened there were more than twenty people waiting. The Buffalo Cauliflower tacos were a great and inventive vegetarian option.
5	I have a confession...this was my first time eating at a food truck, and, boy oh boy, did the TIN Kitchen set the bar high for others! We arrived right at 5:00 while they were still prepping for the night. We were fortunate to be the first ones in line because it quickly grew.As stated in the other reviews, the owners are super friendly & answered our first-timer questions. We ordered the vegetarian cauliflower & fish tacos and were not disappointed. I chose the bean salad as my side and it too was delish!I can't wait for my next stop here!
5	Definitely one of the better lunch choices for the people on the north side up Uptown! It's located in front of the 525 N. Tryon building. I've eaten here several times and I've yet to be disappointed. If the tacos seem a bit small, opt for the chips & salsa side. It should be enough food to hold you over till dinnertime. I've moved office buildings recently but I don't mind taking a stroll to grab a couple tacos from this food truck.
5	David and his crew catered our wedding. They were attentive, dressed like chefs...bc they are.. and the guests raved about the food. He made special dishes and was a treat to have there. It was so good. Never missed a beat. These guys are awesome. Go to there cafe TK
4	Cauliflower Tacos - INCREDIBLE!  So good that I'm planning to recreate them at home.  The buffalo sauce packs some heat, but is balanced by the cheese.  Even if you're not a vegetarian, you'll be sure to enjoy this.Lobster Tacos - These were good, but given the price ($17 for 2 tacos), they had mostly mushroom and minimal lobster.  Bean salad - Cold and refreshing on a hot summer night.
4	I'm a big fan of anything that the TIN Team puts out. They have been making gnarly tacos and are pretty OG as far as food trucks go in the Queen City. Also, I've loved everything I've had from their Uptown location, which is a totally different approach from the truck. Stopped by these guys for dinner recently and happy to report it's still damn good. Ok. Pretty much, I'd be happy to gorge on the buffalo cauliflower tacos, pickled veggies, and a few canned beers. Stellar summertime food, man. We went to Food Truck Friday with some friends and the tacos were just as good as I remember. Picked up the special for the night, too. I think they were bbq pork and were killer. The sides really round out the tacos. The pickled veggies and bean salad were both awesome. What's the secret to those buffalo cauliflower tacos? Wait.....don't tell me. I don't want to know. For now, I'll just tell people that it's magic. Which probably isn't far from the truth. The whole truck is full of some iteration of taco sorcery that I'm forever dig. Keep em comin, boys.Hat's off to you, TIN Kitchen.
4	I had the Korean BBQ Sliders and I would get them again, but so much of this menu looks too good. I look fwd to the next try.
5	Buffalo cauliflower slider: insanely good!! By far, the best, most interesting and well-executed item I tried at Food Truck Friday. The cauliflower still had crunch, which some people might not prefer, but I thought it gave the slider good texture. The buffalo hot sauce was spicy but the blue cheese crumbles balanced the spiciness. The slaw on top was icing on the cake. Absolutely delicious. I hope this item stays on the menu for a while.
4	This is one of my favorite food trucks in the QC. It began my love affair with local food trucks. It's a great deal. Each taco is $3.50, so you can easily mix and match different flavors to create a meal. I love the beef brisket taco and the pork belly taco. I also really enjoy the chips with fresh tomato mango salsa. You can find the truck at various locations around the city (in front of the Ritz, at food truck Fridays, NoDa Brewing Company, etc.). They post their schedule on their website. The staff is very friendly and the food is fresh. Definitely give them a try if they're in your area.
4	The tacos are very good.
4	I haven't been to many food trucks that can pull of Mexican cuisine, but this one definitely succeeded. Their chipotle chicken quesadilla is one of the best I've had, and they have friendly service as well. Just make sure you ask for napkins...
5	Best food truck in Charlotte! Everything I've ordered has been even better than expected. The specials are always worth waiting in line for.
4	This truck has become my Thursday night go-to, especially since they park their wheels just outside Birdsong and NoDa Brewing Cos.  Their spicy and flavorful Mexican-fusion fare is a great pairing with some hoppy craft-made beer.  Vegetarians rejoice, you've got some fantastic options here too.Just belly up to the side of the truck and take a gander at their menu, prominently printed on the side.  Tacos, sliders, and quesadillas dominate the current line-up.  Choose your protein and there are options a plenty.  The tortilla or slider buns end up just being a convenient edible wrapper, and that's not a bad thing.Where things get interesting, my foodie friends, is the craziness going on insider that wrapper.  A yellow-curried channa masala with goat cheese crumbles and green onions is a flavor bomb.  Savory and warm, yet with a nice, sharp bite.  Contrast that with the 30-minute kimchi.  Spicy and lighter, with a great kick that mellows with melted Mexican cheese blends.  Add in the saltiness of some pork belly and you have another masterpiece in your hands.There are sides here too, ranging from chips with house-made pico to hot and spicy pickled vegetables that are both healthy and a strong kick in the pants.  Great add-ons to round out the meal.For a food truck, this mobile kicthen has some serious creative engines under the hood.  You can't find this at any typical taco stand. Do check out their nightly specials too, duck and scallop are regulars here and should not be missed if and when offered.   Same for their desserts.  Just know you'll pay a bit more too for this taco upgrade- most tacos run about $3 a piece and a quesadilla will go for approx. $7.  Not bad, all things considering, but thank goodness they take credit cards as your cash will go fast to make a full meal here.  It's worth it, though, for a taco that is more than the sum of its parts.
5	We have been looking for a good food truck since moving to Charlotte! We have found it! The pork belly and brisket tacos were amazing! A perfect compliment to out beers at NoDa Brewing Company!
5	Went to the food truck rally this Friday and tried these guys out. I had the chana masala taco, Thai coconut curry taco and also the BBQ pork taco. All three were delicious my favorite being the chana masala taco- the blend of goat cheese couscous and chick peas with the curry sauce is to die for! The Thai coconut shrimp taco was lacking on the shrimp and could have used some more something? I am doing a low carb diet so I just wanted to eat the fillings and asked for a fork but didn't get one, no biggie cuz my hands worked just fine :). The staff were extremely friendly and I was told they started their tacos off with the BBQ one and it had some very good flavors with some complexity to it. The day was pretty rainy so we didn't get to enjoy the surroundings but it was worth waiting in the rain for. Also, the tacos were on soft corn tortillas which I've never been a fan of I normally prefer flour if I'm going for carbs.
1	The tacos are good, so long as the truck shows up according to its website.  2nd time in the past 4 visits that they weren't at their LakePointe location on Friday.Evidently hiring a web designer to update their website to keep customers informed of locations isn't worth the cost.  To their credit, they try to communicate their change of plans via Twitter but this isn't what you see at the top of the mobile website.  For the money, the South American food truck at the gas station at South Blvd & Emerywood Drive is better.  $2 tacos on homemade, double wrapped tortillas and  you can count on them being there.
5	The Tin Kitchen is a local food truck which pumps out some very tasty but small-portioned food.  We stopped by the food truck on our way to another restaurant to try some of their tacos as "appetizers".  The first location that we went to (the address on Yelp) is the location of one of their daily locations but wasn't the location for our particular day.  We had to go onto their website and find the location using their locator page.  The location had parks right up the road from it with a parking meter (parking was simple and cheap).  As for the food, I have posted a picture of the 2/3 tacos we ordered.  We ordered the chicken tinga taco, the BBQ beef brisket taco and the Thai coconut shrimp taco.  The Thai coconut shrimp were bland and I didn't favor the Thai slaw on the taco, but to someone who does it would have been great.  That was the bad.. now for the good..  The chicken tinga taco (my girlfriend let me try a bite) and the BBQ beef brisket taco were absolutely brilliant.  I enjoyed these tacos very much; they were full of flavor.  Although as stated before these tacos were small (but we did have them as an appetizer so it was ok) and they were around $3.25 each if I remember correctly.  I would highly recommend trying out this food truck.  The lady taking the orders was super nice, and upbeat.  The time for them to cook the food wasn't too long at all maybe between 10-15 minutes.  Price was decent since the food was unique and delicious.  The only complaint I would really have is about their location, as stated before the location on yelp is wrong, check out their website to find out the correct location before adventuring out.
4	I was finally able to try the tin kitchen during food truck Friday. Boy am I glad we did! Between my wife and I (I always feel the need to clarify because of the large amount of food we order!), we tried nearly all of their tacos and a few of the sides. Chana masala taco - amazing flavor and definitely worth trying. The goat cheese puts this one over the top good. Chicken Tinga taco - in my opinion a fairly standard chicken taco but let me just say it was very good. I would definitely get it again next time. BBQ beef brisket taco - by far my favorite taco that I tried. The brisket is cooked just right and the flavor is out of this world. A must try!Thai coconut shrimp taco - this was my least favorite out of all that I tried. If I had gotten this by itself I'm sure I would have raved about it but it just didn't compare to the others in my opinion. Chips salsa - good but nothing to write home about. Charro beans - these had great flavor and were cooked perfectly. They went well with the tacos. All in all I had a great experience eating at the tin kitchen. I can wait to go back and try the nachos, sliders, and quesadillas!
3	Not usually a big taco fan, so take my criticisms with a grain of salt. I thought Tin Kitchen was a decent, not great lunch. Tracked down the TK mobile outside Gateway Village on a weekday for lunch and used the Yelp Deal to score 3 tacos for $7...not a bad deal at all. Here's the break down:Chana Masala Taco (Stewed Chick Peas in a Coconut Curry Sauce over Date and Apricot Cous Cous, topped with Goat Cheese & Scallions - A little sweeter and not as spicy as your typical Indian chana masala as its stewed in a coconut curry sauce.  Caught myself looking for a little more of the traditional dry, spicy taste, which I'm used to. The flavor and consistency of the date and apricot cous cous seemed to dominate the taco but all-in-all I was impressed with how well all flavors meshed.Chicken Tinga Taco (Chipotle Braised Chicken with Tomatoes, & Charred Onions, topped with Salsa Verde, Queso Fresco Crumbles, & Scallions) - This was probably the most traditional of the three and my favorite. I was a little disappointed with the texture of the chicken, a little on the dryer side but had great flavor. Good thing for the salsa verde to compliment the chicken! Charred onions were a great touch.BBQ Beef Brisket Taco (Slow Braised Beef Brisket with House-made Chipotle Barbeque Sauce, Chipotle Slaw, & Shaved Scallions) - So where I thought the Chicken Taco was a little dry, this taco had way too much moisture. The brisket was dripping barbecue than smothered in chipotle slaw. The taco was soggy before I got around to finishing it. Chipotle overload for me and no other flavor except the scallions to even it out...Meh.Try it out for yourself, this place has great ratings and just opened a brick and mortar in Uptown so they must be doing something right. Will definitely be trying something other than the tacos next time!
2	I have to say I've been waiting for the chance to try Tin Kitchen for about a month now. I feel like I have been chasing them all around the city and have never had the chance to catch them. Well, the chase is over, but the reward didn't live up to the hype.I had four different tacos and I thought they were all sub par. The tortilla was disgusting and the flavors just weren't there. Pretty disappointed. I am going to try Food Truck Fridays one more time before ruling it out.
4	Food Truck Friday - YUMMM!! Order everything!!*Best tip: The Spicy Pickled Veggies are truly spicy, not at first, but a huge bite to em at the end.
5	This is a GREAT food truck. Its a must try. Ive almost everything in the menu. Everything is great, but if i have a go to it the Korean BBQ sliders. You will not be disappointed by anything they serve. Feliz Comiendo
5	Brisket nachos are the bomb! Staff is great. Very friendly.
5	Korean BBQ sliders rock! An assortment of unique tacos are delicious too. Very friendly staff as well.
5	This is a great good truck. Everything I've had has been good and I've eaten their food more than 30 times. I'm no vegetarian, So wouldn't normally try a veggie taco, but for an out of the box and out of this world treat, try a Buffalo Cauliflower Taco. Yep...cauliflower!  It's not on the menu as a taco, but ask for it. You won't regret it.
4	The Tin Kitchen is definitely one of the best food trucks I've been to. Had a shrimp and grits cake entree and overall it was a really good dish. This truck always has a long line but the food is well worth the wait.
4	3 tacos and a drink for $10. TIN Kitchen takes a limited menu and offers a great variety of flavors. On my first visit, I had a chana masala, Thai coconut shrimp and pork belly, plus a Barq's root beer. Colorful, delicious and filling. I liked the paper product container and will most certainly try the sliders on my next visit.No, these are not the least expensive food truck tacos you will find, but the presentation and flavors earn this place two strong thumbs up!
5	I love The TIN Kitchen. The truck comes to my office building Tuesday's for lunch and it is one of the highlights of my week. It's not the cheapest food but its not expensive, especially for the quality. Everything on the menu is absolutely delicious, and I mean EVERYTHING. I normally get a quesadilla, 2 sides and a drink for $10. You can also get 3 tacos and a drink for $10 as well.
4	Food trucks can impress with the food stuffs they produce & TIN Kitchen definitely joins those ranks. One day they happened to set up shop a couple blocks from where I was staying so I had to go on a scavenger hunt to find them. It was a must do. They have a very interesting menu, but my eyes were immediately drawn to the Korean BBQ Slider. As my little bundle of goodness was handed to me from the window, I could smell the kimchi. To my husband's chagrin, I don't always enjoy the smell of kimchi, but if you want to mix it in a slider (or a Philly Cheesesteak), I will eat it up. The slider was bursting with flavor and full of BBQ beef goodness. The right mix of flavor for all the taste buds to enjoy: sour, sweet, savory, salt. They were all there. I would definitely look these guys up the next time I'm in the Queen City to track them down again.
