5	After messing around with a local "world renowned" burn center I needed to try something different!!  Dr. Hansen's treatment helped me turn the corner on healing my burn.  Highly recommend this doc!!
5	I have been going to Dr. Hansen since 2006 & I will continue to see him for all my foot and ankle needs (I even drive all the way from Central Phoenix now to see him).  He is simply amazing!  He listens, he talks WITH you about options instead of talking AT you.  He's compassionate & comforts you if you have a little panic attack or a breakdown like yours truly!  I honestly cannot say enough about him.
1	One star due to a lack of  billing communication, poor treatment, and taking advantage of a young healthy student. Initial treatment seemed fine, normal, not special, forgettable. My foot was bothering me from running, doc said rest, have a shot of whatever I'm prescribing, and wear this brace at night. Followed those orders to see minimal improvement, doc said to come back in. After traveling to get there and waiting to see this guy, he says to keep resting and check back in, 4 hours of my time for him to take 2 minutes to state the obvious and charge me for the visit. A month later I get a $350 bill. Nothing other than the 2 visit deductibles, $35, was ever discussed. The majority of the bill was $200 for the cheap plastic brace, available on amazon for about $20. IF YOU GO HERE MAKE SURE YOU TAKE NOTES AND CLARIFY PRICE BEFORE YOU GET "TREATMENT" FROM THIS GUY. My foot continues to hurt, I'm out $350.
5	After a living with pain in my left foot that kept me from taking daily walks for several weeks, I made an appointment with Dr. Clement.  I was pleasantly surprised that I could book my appointment online as well as fill out the new patient information forms at the same time - they use a service called ZocDoc.  The service also sends out a reminder email before the scheduled appointment and the office called to confirm that they had received my patient information online.  The next thing that impressed me was that I did not have to cool my heels in the waiting room for more than about 10 minutes once I arrived for my appointment.  The office has a handy X-Ray machine so I did not have to leave the premises to find out that I had a stress fracture.Dr. Clement's treatment of my injury was courteous and professional.  He provided me with alternatives for engaging in physical activity while I wait for my fracture to heal.  The office staff were terrific.  Dr. Clement's assistant explained the process of putting on the (fashionable) half-boot I have to wear.  I was out of there in a relatively short period of time.  Good thing since I'm not the biggest fan of spending time in doctors' offices.
1	I wish I had seen the one star review before I went here. I would recommend staying as far away as possible, but if you do choose to go here, don't walk out the door with ANYTHING unless you are independently wealthy. Any prosthesis they try to give you, take a picture of it and find it on Amazon. They charged $700 for a walking cast ($65 on Amazon) and $900 EACH for two ankle braces ($95 on Amazon), one of which I couldn't even wear because it hurt my ankle! The doctor will spend about 5 minutes with you if you're lucky, and Dr. Hanson does not have the best bedside manor. Save yourself hard-earned money and frustration and stay away from Cactus Foot and Ankle!!!
5	Where to start...I was only in AZ for about 5 weeks when I had an accident.  I walked into the end of a wire shelf and had a bad gash in my leg from above the ankle to mid leg.  Initially I got emergency care at Urgent Care where I received 25 stitches.  Two weeks later I had a nasty infection.  They gave me 2 referrals.  The first, could not see me for several weeks.  I then called Cactus Foot & Ankle.  Not sure if they could even help me because of the name, I called anyway.  After explaining my injury, the MA on the phone assured me they could help.       She set me up in less then 2 days hearing my urgency and at almost half the price of the first call.  I was seen by Dr Hansen.  Not only was I concerned about my leg but I had no insurance.   He explained my wound would required a procedure to clean out the infection and abscess.  I must of looked panicked as I saw $ signs with wings on them in my mind.  He then said he and colleagues had a surgical clinic and would try to get me on the schedule.  He told me not to worry, we would work something out.       Two days later I had the procedure done.  He said I would have a hole in my leg...but I have a leg!  The surgical clinic was top notch.  The nurses, anesthesiologist and front desk were all amazing.  Reassuring, comforting and professional.  Dr Hansen's care was above  beyond.  He made sure I had no financial concerns.  If he turned me away, I'd of been forced to go to ER.  The medical costs for outpatient procedure would of been more then I could handle.       I came here to return to school after over 40 years, as well as relocate because of weather.  If not for Dr Hansen's personal attention, I seriously would of had to pull out of school.  This is a Dr that really cares.  His staff is equally kind and caring.  I will never forget what he did.  This could of been very bad for me on many levels.  I'm healing very well as he continue's do follow up care for me.  I feel extremely blessed to have found Dr Hansen.  If your looking for a compassionate and skilled Dr, look no further.  I can't say thank you enough!  Thanks to Dr Hansen, my first day of school is Monday.
