5	Just signed up our 2 year old daughter and she loves it :)
1	This is a great place if you are only looking for a "fun" program to put kids in. The instruction level is low. The studio space is very small and kids often go back and forth from the two studio's. Power was out, floor had problems, music had issues... the list went on. The competition teams are not great. If you sign up save your receipts. I was called by the studio several times claiming I hadn't paid. I had receipts to show I had. There is not a lot of transparency. We were charged $10 for extra rhinestones when none of my kids costumes had rhinestones. We were charged $45 for hip hop sneakers but the girls were actually given $24 ugg knock off's. When I confronted the owner about these issues she was rude and said that "it is what it is". The fundraisers were poorly run and there is no sense of team here. The location was great for us but after a year of never ending issues, we are going elsewhere.
5	B. Sharp School of Dance is close to where I live. I take the adult ballet classes when time allows me to. I went to school with the owner and teacher Brooke Trimble so I know that this was her dream and she worked very hard to make it come true. When she first bought the studio it only had 20 students signed up now there are 200 and counting. They offer free trail dance classes to make sure before signing up for the class. They all so allow students to make up classes. If they miss a class they can come another day (same age group) to make up for the missed class. Brooke Trimble is a wonderful teacher and is amazing with all age groups. James Sharp who is all so owner and you'll typically see behind the desk is very inviting with anyone who comes through. Instructors Vicki Voss, Emily Bokinskie, and Seirra Beggs as well as guest instructors are all so very welcoming and are great with all the students that attends the classes. They give students positive feed back and all they ask in return is hard work and dedication.
