1	Extremely unprofessional. In the waiting room I heard the secretary have to reschedule several appointments because "the system doesn't update properly and they're looking into it." They can't copy Xrays so the entire reason we went there is useless. Had to get another xray at the oral surgeon, and they still billed us for the Xray that we couldn't use.
5	FANTASTIC OFFICE!! Dr. Eric Kerbs & Dr Jeremy Skinner and their staff made the experience exceptional! They are all very friendly, welcoming and professional!
5	Best Dentist I have ever been to.  I drive 45 Minutes just to see them when there are 100 other dentists closer to my house.  Very caring with a great bedside manner.  Highly Recommended
5	Stopped by for a routine cleaning & left with super clean teeth & good education!!! Immaculate office & technologically advanced--always a plus!! Took great x-rays, surfed around my mouth with a tiny camera to show me all my potential problem spots and informed me of all the bad things I was doing!!Very impressed with the dental hygienist who was SO kind, upbeat & very personable! Dr. was great as well!Highly recommend!!
5	I went yesterday 7.23.14 as a new patient. I didn't have to wait longer and the staff was amazing. Doctor also came up with a better treatment plan then the one I went to last week.
5	First visit here. Super friendly, but better yet, the hygienist was really on her game, gave me great cleaning, and made several helpful recommendations.Dentist very thorough.I just moved from Ca. So I amGlad to find a great new dentist!Give them a try.
2	I started going here a year ago.  Dr. Skinner is the only reason I go back.  He is gentle, caring and attentive.  I don't have much to say about the office staff.  It feels like they're only nice to you if you get work done. The hygienist was really nice but I felt pressured to do the fluoride rinse that was an extra fee!  If a good dentist is important to you and you can overlook everything else, then go see Dr. Skinner.
