2	Well it is a saversI only went because i had things to drop off. But i checked it out for the little bit to fine some dazzling shirt or something. I liked the idea of walking down the aisles with low income families, punk rock teenagers and the uh working class woman in her forties checking out for the hottest threads in leopard, sparkly pink and lime green. I wish i was joking about this lady, put she had to get in front of me so i wouldn't pick up the shirts that totally belong to her. Well... I'm not a animal print girl. So she was safe. As for bargain shopping eh.. i've been to better places.
4	this is a fun place to go for a cosume if you are an entertainer or just for fun! They have some new and almost new quality clothing and you can get 30% off if you bring a donation the staff was cool sometime you can find some cool stuff antiques other random stuff.
3	This one's big but I didn't find a single thing here. The only reason I went to this one was because we were in the area and we had some time to kill. As with all Savers store, the clothing racks are well organized.
3	This is the 2nd location The Better Half and I frequent.  Not as good as the one on Decatur, this one does have some cool stuff from time to time.  We like to split locations where we donate our old stuff so we like to browse the goods after a drop off.Return Factor - 70%
5	This paticular location is a hit or miss. For me it is always a hit. I can always seem to find some kind of bargain.Plus they have the members discount on Thursdays.Every Monday the put out a new tag color for sales.As for the employees they are always friendly I have never had a problem with that.
1	Too much price gauging for donated designer items.
5	Very cool store. I found some cool looking skirts from the 70's from the looks of it. And I am to excited! Its a great place to donate stuff and find goodies. The store is big and everyone who works here has a very nice attitude. I love when I go shop and need help and people are more than willing to help me find what I need or want. I really like the fact that the prices are in my budget and I don't have to break my bank to shop here. I am overly excited about the fact that its a lot of designer items on sale.
2	I had about 20 minutes to kill before my pool league at Cheynne Station next door so I decided to wander Savers. The location isn't as nicely maintained as others, and the over all quality of items just seems lacking and disorganized.The staff also seemed put out when I asked a simple question and was honestly didn't really bother to answer. I'm glad I didn't have time to spend there long as it wasn't my best Saver's experience.
5	You don't come here expecting fancy. It's barebones, but I prefer that to thinking my donations are going toward unnecessary things.  I like that Savers is organized so that the  experience from store to store is similar. The products are in good shape, some brand new-looking. I have no problem coming back.
3	If you want to donate clothing or used goods, this may be a place for you to consider.  If you do, you receive a discount on in store purchases.  It is a typical "thrift" store.  You can purchase clothing, shoes, books, entertainment, art, etc.  It is a good store for those aforementioned specific purposes.
4	I come here very often to look for exercise equipment and never been disappointed I almost build my entiere home gym with saver stuff.   come here early  and happy treasure hunting
1	Good deeds? Great deals? I don't know...I have a disability, EM (Erythromelalgia). Store manager, Ben Niebauer, rudely discriminated against me by requiring me leave the Savers located at 3121 N. Rancho Dr. in Las Vegas, NV. I had spent quite a bit of time & effort picking out cloths to try  on. He would not let me try them on. He threatened to call the police to have me removed, even though I explained my handi-capped condition & showed him a letter from my doctor. I said I would sign a letter relieving Savers of all responsibility for my safety. He continued to threaten to call the police, but he didn't. All he did was get louder & more aggressive. So I told him I would call the police. I went outside with my mother to wait for the police. When they arrived, the police were told he had left.I have never encountered this kind of treatment for being disabled.(For more info on EM: http://www.erythromelalgia.org/WhatisEM.aspx). Did I see good deeds or great deals? No, but I would have liked to.
3	I found broken and chipped items on shelves priced high. clothing is at least 2 $ more then Cali . i go from thrift store to thrift store wherever i happen to be. So I thought Vegas why not?
4	I went to Savers to find some shorts for my daughter. Not only did I find shorts, but all kinds of goodies! Like any thrift store you gotta dig around to find the good stuff, but it's worth it. The store was clean and it wasn't packed with people, so I actually got to take my time looking around. The only reason I didn't give this five stars is because the toddler sizes weren't organized and there was hardly anything in her size. I guess I will just have to keep going back, which isn't a bad thing. Their profits go to help Safe Nest, which helps victims of domestic violence.
4	On my first visit here I wasn't expecting much. I was actually a little hesitant to go inside because the parking lot & surrounding area Is a bit sketchy but glad i did. I found some cute, like new dresses from Kimchi Blue, H & M, Ann Taylor Loft, BCBG and Hollister.  Staff are always friendly & helpful.
