5	The Cherry Sour Cream pie is the best pie I have ever had, period!
5	My family and I have tried three pie varieties since Piefection opened at the beginning of September. The blueberry, coconut cream, and banana cream. All three have been wonderfully delicious. I cant wait for the next time I have an excuse to go pick up another pie. Looking forward to trying the peach next time!
5	I have gotten pies from Piefection 3 different times and have tried 5 different pies that have all been excellent. The staff is very nice and helpful. I would say the Georgia Peach is my favorite so far, but I don't think you can go wrong with any pie they make.
3	Stopped in on Saturday afternoon looking for a couple of pies for company that I was having on Sunday.  I chose a Chocolate Cream and asked if they had any Apple.  The young man went to check in the back when I hear a lady in the back yelling "I told you we only have what is up front"  She was really yelling!  I felt bad for the poor guy behind the counter.  I ended up choosing a Triple berry pie instead, paid my bill, and vowed never to go back again.  The pies were OK, nothing special, but the interaction of the staff made me very uncomfortable.
5	We stopped by to pick up something sweet on a whim and were not disappointed! It was the end of the day so selection was thin (they make all their pies fresh!) and we got the best French Silk pie my wife or I have ever had! We will be going back as often as our diets allow!
4	the crust on their pies are just yum, and the consistency is just right. I do like their wide selection of fruit and cream pies. The Arizona Orange pie tastes like a creamsicle and I am a fan of both their blueberry and strawberry rhubarb pies. Sometimes I feel that it would be nice if they had more than one person out front, like someone to box up the pies and another to take orders. At times, waiting more than 10 minutes to buy a pie can be troublesome for a customer who might be in a hurry BUT the pies are worth it. There are some items that I wish I was aware of how to order beforehand like the no sugar pies. I was told by the sales associate that those pies have to be ordered ahead, and it seems they seem to not make a large batch of popular items for sale like their green chile pork pies. I just couldn't understand how they could be sold out when I was there an hour and a half after they had opened. Overall, it's a good pie shop and I recommend to all to try at least one pie. BTW they do not do pie slices and have a limited selection of mini pies. Oh, and try the green chile pork pot pie. It's a must!
5	Just amazing. My family gets pies here for every holiday and event. They are well organized for the rush--like on Thanksgiving. Yes, it's a but pricey, but they are worth it and a crowd pleaser. My favorite is the apple pie. Yum!
4	Great selection of pies, but make sure to call ahead and place your order.  They sell out of things and you are guaranteed to get what you want that way.  The husband and I will be trying the green chili pork pot pie tonight.  I hope it is as good as the reviews say!
5	I visit Arizona several times a year and have come across this wonderfully delicious pie shop "PIEfection" on Browns Road in Mesa. It is fabulous!!! The selection is exceptional, it will cure any craving I have for whatever mood I am in. I have tried many of their varieties and have loved each one as they use fresh and top quality ingredients - NO PRESERTIVES! Their shop is quaint and inviting. I love their pink and black packaging, so pretty and professional. Each time I have visited their bakery the customer service has been great, they make me feel like an old friend. I learned that they can deliver pies right to my home, I was a little skeptical of sending a pie through the mail but thought I would try it. I have done this a several times for myself and had pies delivered to friends and family for special events. Again, I was very impressed with their packaging and how untouched and perfect each pie came. What a fun gift idea, especially for those who live far from me!My total experience with PIEfection has been great! I will continue to visit PIEfection each time I am in town and will continue to satisfy my sweet tooth and have pies sent right to my front door! I would and do recommend trying it out, you won't be sorry!
1	Ordered their coconut pie and was so disappointed.  Tasted too sweet and custard like along with their pie crust was not flakey.  I still have it in my frig probably needs to be thrown out.  I guess I was comparing them to Rocky Cafe.  Definitely worth the drive if you want good homemade pie and try every slice they do sell them by the slice.  Love all their flavors.
5	Purchased 3 pies for the office and they were gone in minutes. I was a hero. Pumpkin Cheesecake, Triple Berry, & Country Apple Crumb. I loved Country Apple Crumb.
4	I have driven by several times and finally came to see what they had.  What a great selection of pies and they have once a month slices for approx. $4-5 bucks.  Whole pies go for around $13-17.  The place is fairly new and very clean.  We took a pie as a gift for someone and it was so hard to decide which kind to get.  I love how they have fruit pies (peach, Michigan cherry, apple, triple berry) crumb or original crust with a cute little heart cut out in the middle.  They also had a huge array of cream pies too......key lime, banana cream, coconut cream, pumpkin cheese cake, lemon meringue, just to name a few.  They do have $1 off if you friend them on Facebook.  They do charge extra for gift wrapping...basically a bow around the box.  Anyhow, they had a bunch of kids working the counter, which were all still pretty new with what exactly they served and prices on certain items.  I will came here again hopefully it's the day they have slice day.
5	Dropped in on Christmas Eve Day - I got there at 9am and they really do have their act together for the holiday rush.  Three people at the counter, two helping in the lobby, stacks and stacks of pies waiting for happy homes.  I was glad to get exactly what I wanted (no, I didn't think ahead enough to pre-order...) - can't wait to try the AZ Orange pie and various savory pies (today's special was Green Chile Beef, yum!).  I have to give Piefection five stars for what I expect will be a killer pie and terrific service on a holiday!
5	We moved to Mesa in August 2013 and we first tried their apple pie when my neighbors dropped one off at our house. SO, SO GOOD! Then my family came in for Thanksgiving and we ordered four pies for dinner. We were invited over to some friends' house for Christmas dinner and I asked my husband to stop by before work on Christmas Eve to get a pie. He did not... he waited until he got off work at 3:45pm. Well, they closed at 2pm :(... BUT, when he drove up he saw the owner's husband coming out the door. He told my husband they were closed and my husband didn't have any cash so he turned away, disappointed. But, the man at the door ended up giving my husband a pie in the spirit of generosity and Christmas. They have definitely gained a customer for life from us! Not only to the pies sell themselves the owners are obviously top notch people.
5	I am so lucky this place is 2 miles from my house. Every pie I have tried is amazing. The green chili pork pot pie is to die for. Lemon Sour Cream Blueberry is probably my favorite, followed by the Apple Crumb. Staff is super friendly and patuent while you try to choose from the over 30 options. Best pies in in tha Valley without a doubt!
5	I was going to give it 4 stars because they're a little pricey for the size you get but the pies themselves are too good. So delicious!!!
5	Piefection is delightful! Not only is the shop incredibly cute, their pies are truly amazing. I've always hated coconut cream pie- usually it's too sickly sweet for me. After a trip to Piefection, I've had to change my mind. Their coconut cream pie was a perfect balance of flavors.
5	The BEST chicken pot pie and peach crumb pie we have had in a long long time!  We will return often !
5	Adorable, amazing selection, if I must say so.  Great staff ~ very friendly.  We tried three different pies and we all truly enjoyed them.
1	I heard about this place and I LOVE pie, so my sister and I went. Cute and clean little place and the service was friendly. There isn't a large selection of slices to go so I got a slice of German chocolate pie and took it home. Figuring that was a safe choice...I hate writing a bad review, this is my first- but it was so, SO BAD :( It was so bad that I spit out my second bite and threw the whole thing away. It was sour, I think there were whole walnuts?, and there was not a hint of chocolate in the bite at all- which was weird because I ate right from the chocolate part both times. It tasted like sour cream cheese...with walnuts.  I don't know what happened or what all these great reviews are about- but I certainly didn't have a good experience. I told my sister and she said she didn't like their pies either. I asked why she didn't mention this before and she said she just fingered it was a matter of personal preference or she'd just gotten a lemon. Nope- she and I both will not be going back for pie at this little shop.
5	I went here for some gift certificates and walked out with a pie to boot.  I simply couldn't resist.  I decided to try one of their signature pies, the Lemon Blueberry Sour Cream pie and holy smokes, it was amazing!  Served it after dinner with friends and everyone loved it.  I will definitely be returning soon.  And will go even sooner if my wife doesn't catch me.
1	I bought a crumb apple pie from them last week. It was probably the worst apple pie that I have ever eaten. The crust fell apart and the pie became mush. The filling was decent, but not great. My main issue was with the crust. Not only did it fall apart, but it also had a cardboard flavored aftertaste. The crumb topping was also terrible. It was flavorless, and gross. The fact that I paid $15 for this pile is the worst part about it. I can get a grocery store pie (which is what I did for Xmas) for half the price.
5	So... I have had the privilege of having Holiday pies from Piefection for Thanksgiving twice...(came back on BlackFriday) and just picked up 6 pies for Christmas. A total of 19 pies. 19!!! I really don't know what the poor reviews are about. The Pumpkin is one of the best pies I have ever had!!! Great crust and the spice was on point. Banana and Coconut cream are out of this world!! Traditionally I am not a fan of Pecan...but had 2 slices. German chocolate... This place is the bomb.com. Oh BYW... I live in Vegas and only eat pie when I come to visit my Family here #bestpieever
