5	The Partovis have completely revolutionized my dental experience.  I used to dread going to the dentist after some botched orthodontics and some very "corporate"-feeling dental office experiences.  Now, the warm atmosphere and personal touch at Desert Smiles have evaporated my fear.  I actually look forward to going, (imagine that!), and I drive across town to see them as a testament.  I can't recommend them highly enough.  They are truly a credit to the profession.
5	Dr.& Mrs. Partovi are 2 of the most caring & kind people I have ever met. Very talented professionals.
4	After shopping around we liked these people from our first impressions alone.  Luckily, I was referred by a friend who has taken her family here for four years.  My husband and I have went once and were very happy with our first appointments.  They treated us very well and were helpful with the fact that we don't have dental insurance.  A prior dentist recommended some unrealistic work to be done eight months ago. Dr. Partovi explained why this procedure was not necessary. Glad I looked around for a second opinion! Mrs. Partovi is the hygienist who took great care in her work, spent extra time explaining a better way to brush, and was very easy to be around.  We will be keeping our future appointments with these folks.
5	The best dentist team in this town. From the moment you walk in the door you are greeted with a big smile and quick service. Everyone in the office is very gentle and they make sure that you feel comfortable before they start any procedure, explaining everything up front and making sure you understand what is about to happen. Oh, and they have the best prices in town as well!
5	Dr. Partovi and his staff are the most professional and courteous of any dental office I have ever been to. I have always had sensitivity during cleaning that used to require several novocaine shots for.  At Desert Smiles, I have never been uncomfortable or needed any novocaine!  They also have occasional Saturday appointments which are convenient for my work schedule.  I have found my dentist for life!
5	Dr. Sam and his staff are very professional, courteous, and friendly. Growing up I always dreaded going to the dentist because of all the pain associated with the cleanings and fillings. However now,  I am very comfortable in the care of Dr. Partovi and his staff. Each time I visit, they make me at ease, and always provide great service. My husband and two children are also Dr. partovi's patients, and they are very satisfied with him and his dental office.
5	If only I could give them 6 stars... Amazing service, super clean location. They are able to turn a typical dentist visit into something pleasant. Absolutely reccomend it, even if its not your area
5	Thanks to all the Yelpers reviews, it led me to Desert Smiles for my dental needds. Dr. Partovi is phenomenal. I have moved around quite a bit due to my husband's work and  had many not so great experiences.This office was close to  my  home and after 1 yr under his care, i have referred several patients to him. He takes his time, possesses great empathy with patients, kind staff, flexible with scheduling, and most importantly, exceptionally knowledgeable about anything related to dentistry. Ex:I needed a dental implant abutment placement. within 1 hr., it was so uncomfortable like i was biting down on foil. i called his office immediately, he even answered his own phone! he told me to come in as soon as i can for adjustments. despite his overflow of patients for that day, he greeted me, patiently adjusted my bite, and made sure i was happy with the dental implant. I am grateful to have him as my dentist. If I ever relocate, i would consider flying back to Vegas for his care.
5	If you are traveling West, it's best to use Twain because there is heavy construction on Tropicana. The office will be on your left and if you are looking for the office number ("10175"), it is behind the first building. Basically, turn left before you get to the intersection of Hualapai and Twain and go around the first building.I decided on Desert Smiles instead of another dental office in my area because of the reviews...thank you YELP! From the reviews, I received a sense of family and quality from this office than the other option I had in mind. Yes, the other location had some cool perks like free Netflix movies during your visit but it was due to some not-so-good reviews that gave me a feeling that the other location may treat me like a number instead of a person or a valued client. Attending my appointment solidified my choice and I will never look back! As you can read from the other reviews, the staff is not very large; Mrs. Partovi is the hygienist and Dr. Sam Partovi is the doctor. Both of them explain very well what is happening and other explanations that help me better understand my teeth, brushing technique, tips for better oral health and the list goes on. I truly felt at home coming to the office and I plan to make this a permanent choice for all my dental needs. I have to make mention of the front office staff member (Aksine is her name), she was also so kind and friendly. When I called to make an appointment, I gave an email address that was a combination of two different email addresses I have. (I've never done that before!) When I realized that I never received an email from them, I left a message that evening to give my correct email and the very next morning got the email as promised that would have the patient forms. I also received a call acknowledging that my message was received and that I can expect the email to be sent correctly now. I don't know about you but that is the extra touch that can set anyone apart! I suppose the little things are always what makes one company better than the other. This review is to let them know that I noticed! :) Many thanks to the staff at Desert Smiles for giving such awesome and sincere experiences even before I step into the office!
5	My wife and I have been going here for a number of years. Great dentist and his wife also works as the dental hygienist. They care about their patients and treat us like family. I would highly recommend.
5	I have always been afraid of dentist and caused lots of damage to my teeth for not visiting dentist on time until I find Dr. Partovi and his team. I really love visiting this office, friendly environment and  comforting. I would not want to visit any other dental office and will refer my friends and family here.
5	My husband and I have been patients of Dr. Partovi's for years. And absolutely love him and is wife/dental hygienist Mahnosh. We brought our 2 1/2 year old son in today for his first cleaning. I didn't think it would go very well considering my son's patience level. But Mahnosh was wonderful with him and explained everything she was doing to him. She even let him play with some of the tools to spray and suck up the water. He thought that was cool. I was shocked that, because she is so wonderful with children, Mahnosh was able to do a proper cleaning on my son with zero resistance on his part. Thank you so much Dr. Partovi and Mahnosh for always doing such an amazing job!
5	Best place to go for dental work!  Wife and I have been going here for years and will continue.  No fancy up sells!!!  Thanks everyone!
