3	Picking up soap.  This was my first time in this newly built CVS.  It was setup like a usual CVS.  Nothing too special expect its located near the Speedway if your heading that direction.
3	Stumbled in here a couple times needing some items on my way to go somewhere else.  The first stop yielded an unsuccessful find.  They were completely out of what I was looking for, but the pharmacy manager called the store manager to check if that was the case.  They did a good job in checking, just a little disappointed that they don't stock more of the particular item.  Ended up going to a Walgreens down the road to get what I needed.I find it a little weird the CVS sits alone next to a movie theater, it is also right close to Verizon Wireless Amp so they can pick up the concert going crowds.  There are some apartment complexes located across the street, but otherwise, the shopping choices close by are rather limited.  I guess that is why this location is so big and carried a lot of different type items (just not the one I was looking for when I needed it).The people in the Pharmacy seemed to have a friendly demeanor, usually when I got into these CVS places, the employees (especially in the pharmacy) are super busy and stressed out.  I would not fill my perscriptions here though since it is not convenient to my home.
1	This ploce is terrible. horrible customer service. On Thursday, November 20th, I called MULTIPLE times about pictures that I ordered online. First, the girl with the attitude that I spoke to on the phone told me I might have to have them printed somewhere else because the order two people in front of me ordered at 8x10 and they ran out of 8x10 ribbon. I ordered a 5x7 and (2) 4x6s (No 8x10s). They said they would know for sure when the manager came in at 2pm how long of a wait the fix would be. I asked them to have the manager call me and let me know when she got in at 2. At 3:30 when I called THEM back, they told me they were still unsure and asked if  I want to cancel my order. I told them to cancel it but still to have the manager call me because I wanted to express my dissatisfaction. NEVER DID I GET A PHONE CALL. So today, November 24th, I receive an email telling me that my pictures are ready to be picked up... HAHAHHAA, AS IF. This place is a joke. I understand things aren't perfect and machines break, but atleast have the decency to let your customers know or return calls when you say you will. I live in the apartment right across from this CVS and trust me, I will take my business to the CVS 10 miles away before I step back in this store...
