5	This is not a large outlet.  It's personal service!  They specialize in one on one consultations, insuring that I get the attention and professional advice I look for.  Skipping a large showroom full of over zealous employees ensures a low overhead which they pass on to their customers.  They do have a showroom, and they do carry many consumer favorites, if they don't have it, they can get it.  Not only would I do business with them again, I already have.
5	I would say this is the best gun shop to go to in Las Vegas the amount of time Jim takes with you is great he takes his time explaining the firearms and what fits you best and what your budget is. I bought a S&W M&P Shield 9mm got the lowest price in Las Vegas I'm military active duty and I was surprised he even beat shooter's price I had also gone to northwest firearms,therange702,newfrontierarmory and did some online research and he got me the best price.Definitely recommend this ship to anyone looking to purchase a firearm or accesories email him or call him. Thanks Jim look forward to doing business with you again
5	Great one on one service and transactions. You'll have to set an appointment first but they have THE best prices in town. Totally worth it.
5	Gun shopping is not an easy thing to do.  Especially in Las Vegas.  I've shot many different types of firearms since I began shooting in 2007 but have never owned a pistol.  I've been shopping on the Internet and in stores in the valley for the past two years.  When I stumbled across the website for Jim and Sherrie's discount gun source, I was astounded that the prices for everything were well below MSRP.  My work schedule is the same as their store hours, but Jim was kind enough to arrange to meet with me after their closing time.  A month and at least 1000 rounds later, my smith and wesson 686 is operating like a dream.  Knowledgable people, a no pressure sales approach, ridiculous selection and the best prices in town (or on the Internet!) will keep me coming back for future firearm purchases.  Thank you for all your help, Jim and Sherrie.  Anyone looking to buy a firearm would be a fool to purchase hardware anywhere other than Discount Gun Source.
5	Definetely a neat experience buying from here but what they save In space gets passed onto the customer for sure. Excellent prices and customer service. I highly recommend this place.
