4	My car was filthier than a two dollar hooker during Fleet Week.I was also in need of an oil change.  This location is right around the corner from my house, and they did a fantastic job.  I pulled in and right away was assisted.  I got the oil change and a full service car wash.   I love that they didn't try to up-sell me on all kinds of additional services, like air filters.  I did decline a decent deal on steam cleaning the interior, but I know they will probably offer me that same deal anytime I go, so I wasn't that worried about passing up the deal of a lifetime.They changed the oil in about 15 minutes, and then washed the car.  They spend a long time going over all the cracks and seams with compressed air to blow all the water out, and then hand wipe the car down.  When they were done, I didn't even recognize my car - I had forgotten what color it was under all the Arizona dust.   (FYI - it's red).I have a clean and happy car, and they even found a mailbox key that  had been lost for about 7 months!
4	My truck needed to be washed inside and out in a bad way.  I have a yellow lab that rides in my truck every day and sheds his hair horribly.  I dropped my truck off at 7:30 am to do inside detail with a wash and wax.  I was so happy with the results.  For the money I paid, I couldn't have asked for much more.  They shampooed the floors and seats and got 98% of the dog hair out.   It was a little pricey, but they were able to do the detail, an oil change and a radiator flush for $170 out the door.Well done fellas!  You have earned repeat business from me and my family.
4	I went here to get my car waxed. I was impressed with the prompt service. The service was typical with what you'd find at a car-wash place. They tended to me like a customer.However, I noticed the wax finish faded away quickly - about a month and a half. I'm not a genius on car waxes, but I recall wax holding its glossy and protective structure a few months. The price was nominal for the labor involved. $130, I recall. Wasn't a great deal, but wasn't bad, either. The gas prices here are reasonable, but not a steal. They don't get a whole lot of gas customer traffic, so they pass the costs onto you. I'll probably be back again. Nothing would abstain me from more car waxes except money with this place. :)
5	This is the only car wash that has never annoyed me with some little problem.  Seems like every other place regularly misses something, even in a high-end wash, but these guys always do a great job.  Prices are not cheap--but match the level of service given.  I've also never run into one of those glass salespeople there, which really annoy me.  Overall this is my preferred wash/detail company in the Phoenix area.Their store is very nicely stocked, and waiting room seating is very comfortable.
1	Thanks but no thanks! I got my car washed by these monkeys this morning. My car came out just as dirty as it went in except that I was 25.00 poorer than I was before! The service writer was more interested in getting an upsell on the ticket than what I was requesting to be cleaned. I had to spend five minutes with a rag wiping my card down after the guy told me it was ready. Called in to the manager and he pretty much berated me for leaving but I had to get to work. I had wasted enough time trying to get a decent car wash from these guys. Stay away...far away!
1	I finally got an email response from Mike Grimes the General Manager for Classic Car Wash. His attitude in his response reflected the general attitude of everyone involved with my hapless patronage of this "wannabee" carwash facility. For clarity purposes I'm posting my initial email to them sent on Friday a.m. I didn't receive any response from anyone until 10:30 p.m. Saturday night:My email to Classic on Friday 4/15 at 10:07 a.m.To Whom It May Concern,I got my car washed today at the 1555 W. Warner Rd. location. I have used them many times before and have never had any issue. Today was a different story.When I brought my car in the service advisor, Dale Collins greeted me pleasantly and kept pushing me to upgrade from my Supreme Wash to a special they were doing. Being in sales I don't begrudge anyone trying to up-sell their services. However he paid no attention to my needs and seemed to be only concerned with his i.e. getting a bigger ticket. I asked him to address a spill in the middle console drink area of my car and he said he would take care of it. According to Alex, the manager, that wasn't even put on the ticket. When my car was ready I walked around it briefly and to my shock and surprise, I saw places that were easily cleaned that had spots of trash still remaining. I drive a 2009 Prius and I keep it pretty clean. Long story short I had to grab a rag myself and clean off some of the more noticeable areas of my car. I paid $24.99 to have you guys clean my car. This was literally the worst car wash I have ever experienced. If I wanted to clean it myself I would have. I have attached some photos of the areas that your people missed on my car. I called in to the store after leaving and spoke to Alex. He lamented the fact that I didn't get a manager while I was there. I told him I had to go to work and was rushed. He did indicate a willingness to address the problems if I were to bring the car back to them. I don't know what quality controls you have in place for your store but whatever they are, they are simply not working. My time is extremely valuable. I paid good money to get my car clean THE FIRST TIME. I don't have time or energy to try to "get it right" working with lackadaisical service. I thought you'd like to know of my extreme displeasure working with your store there on W. Warner Rd. This is the first time I've had a problem with your store and will more than likely be the last time.My Car# was 108 and I got that done this a.m. 4/15/11. Sale # 52385024003You can call me at the number in my signature line if you'd like to discuss my issue. Respectfully,Doug Shields------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The following was Mike Grime's response to my email sent Saturday at 10:53 p.m.:Hi Doug, my name is Mike Grimes and I am the general manager for Classic Car Spa. I read your email and my typical response would be as follows. I apologize for not meeting your expectations with your wash today. We strive to meet and exceed our customer expectations on a daily basis. Our customers satisfaction is obviously our top priority. I spoke to Alex at the site. He assured me that he apologized to you and offered to rewash the vehicle for you at any time you desire and remove the road tar from your vehicle that is not included in any wash we offer. However, since you took your obviously valuable time to insult my employees on yelp.com by calling them monkeys, I will simply say that you are not welcome at any of my locations at any time. I have flagged your license plate number in our  system for any associate of mine to contact me if you show up on any of our properties. Find another hard working car wash crew to insult. If you desire to speak to me by phone please contact the corporate office and I assure you I will return your call immediately. Sincerely, Mike Grimes-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Obviously these folks have some serious issues and besides shoddy and mediocre work, a bad attitude is the main one. As any leadership or business class will teach the quality of the service of a company comes from the top down. In this case I can see why the customer wasn't served judging from the manager's response. As an aside I will say that road tar wasn't an issue on my car as he tried to indicate. It was simply dirt that they neglected to wash off of my car. I will also say that I was NOT told that I could bring my car back anytime. Alex tried to get me to bring my car immediately back in and when I couldn't he asked me what time I got off work. He never told me that I could bring my car back in "ANYTIME" and get a free wash. If he HAD told me that then none of this would have been posted to begin with and Classic might have kept me as a customer.I don't need to say anymore here folks. You were warned.
1	"Premium" car wash at Classic Car Spa and having to clean your car yourself afterwards because they did such a sorry job: $24.99.Getting your car washed at a church fundraiser later by kids with soap and a bucket and getting a better job done in the process: $10.00.Complaining about the bad service of Classic Car Spa to the point that the manager bans you from ever setting foot on his premises: Priceless!
5	Great prices, friendly staff and probably the best car wash place I have been to. When I first pulled up in my 4runner covered in bugs I was greeted by an attendant i think by the name of Alex. He was very nice. I told him I want to get the car clean and bugs off. He said we pride ourselves in our work. I just said TBD. A glass guy came out and acknowledged me and try to sell me a new windshield...said I had a lot of pits. Well this was the only piece I didn't like. I just said no thanks and he took off. I went inside and paid, sat around and watch my car go through. about 30 minutes later the attendant came and got me. My car was as clean as it had been when it left the show room floor 3 years ago. No more coke stains in the cup holders, the interior shined bright, the hold and bumper had about 95% of the bugs removed which is by far the best I seen considering that we drive alot and very few car washes the bugs somehow have become part of the car. I have since brought back car multiple times and could not have been any happier.Definitely the best and I highly recommend.
3	The most basic carwash is $14.99 which is VERY pricey for me. And it's also in a semi-random location. I was just really desperate at the time. They did a really good job cleaning the inside and outside of my car, but I would expect nothing less for that price. I'm surprised the carwash didn't come with a spritz or two of air freshener. I love my car but not $14.99 basic car wash love.
4	Got the Ultimate Wash for 44.95. Includes 20 cent/gal discount on gas. Staff was friendly they were pretty thorough with the minivan. I liked how they shampoo'd the floor mats and put them in the trunk because they were still damp (no sense in putting damp mats back).They would have gotten 5/5 stars, but when I asked them if they vacuumed under the last row of seats, they said they blew everything out; I checked and sure enough, there were food crumbs so I had them redo it. No biggie, but if you are not sure, you should always double-check your work.Note: gas after the discount was 3.12/gal!
3	A good old fashion car wash with a clean waiting area. If busy, may take a few minutes to get your car out of the drying area, but the guys are generally pretty helpful.
1	I took my mini van here because I had just bought it and it needed cleaning. I paid $75 for a detail, plus $ 25 for a guy to fix a crack in my windshield. When we picked it up it was seriously no cleaner than before, and my windshield never got fixed. The manager told us to bring it back. So we took it back the next day and they re-washed it. The guy said sorry and that he would fix the windshield. When we picked it up it was still very dirty! My windshield never got fixed again! I finally took the van home and cleaned it myself. I took before and after pictures. A few days later, there was a horrible smell in the car. I opened the back and they had forgotten to put the car mats back! They were still wet and piled on top of each other.  I basically lost out on $100. And ended up spending a ton of time and money for nothing. These guys shouldn't be in business and no one should believe what the website says. I have heard the same thing from a lot of people that have gone there. It's a big rip off. Go to Danny's or anywhere else. Just don't go here. Oh and if you complain to the manager, he gets really mad and tells you to leave. Very poorly run business.
1	Other than the fact that they sell Sinclair gas I can't think of a reason to go back. i just had the truck washed, and I'm not expecting a detail, but for the Super, I expect my truck to actually be clean I shouldn't have to hunt on the floor for my things that were in the cup holders! I will not return!
3	I love my car, its a red pony.. I took it here for a wash. They left everything pretty shiny for what i can see. But i guess they forgot the inside, i wanted a deeper cleaning on the inside.. Well it will be for next time. They paid attention to my tires and did the wash pretty quick, so it was a ok wash.
2	I wanted to like this place; especially since it's down the street from my house- but I can't. As soon as a pulled-in I knew I wanted a mid-level wash but no sooner than I put in my request the attendant tried to upsell me like crazy. I went inside to pay for and wait for my car to be finished; little did I know that it would be nearly 40 minutes before I got my car back! UGH!!! Once my car was finally ready, as soon as I jumped in I noticed they did a half butt job on the vacuuming (for Pete sakes I could still easily see a French fry stuck between the seats-smh!). I'm willing to give this place another try only because I just got a coupon in a Money Mailer  but they better be faster or at least thoroughly clean my car if it is going to take that long.
1	I just moved to Arizona and didn't know my way around so I decided to go to here to get my car washed. I gave one star just because I felt really bad for the workers here, considering it was 110 degrees and they were working as sweat was dripping from their face. Now let's get to the point: Pros:  Fast service (20-30 mins) Cons: water spots all over the car. Dried Soap still on the rear bumper and trunk lidGlass was only cleaned from outside Rear mats were placed on the wrong sides and were not secured They forgot to vacuum under rear mats  There was weird smell after I got in the car. Idk if it was dirty towels they used or their sweaty shirts Personally I do not recommend this car wash. I could've washed my car better at home.
1	Got here at 5:45 and wanted to get my car washed, but no one would help me. They are supposed to be open for car wash business until 6...
3	The last 2 times I have been to this location I have requested that the back of my Grand Cherokee be cleaned out.  As in vacuum for dog hair and wipe down the interior of the windows.  For sitting arund for 30 plus minutes I would have expected that.  The car wash broke and the Jeep was driven around just wet.  On the other hand the staff is friendly and I have not had any other issues.  I will probably still go back next time and hope for the back to be cleaned out properly.
5	I went there today to get my car washed, used a groupon.  It's the cleanest I've ever seen it in years.  I watched for 45 minutes as the man (I wish I would've gotten his name) scrubbed and scrubbed the interior and used this AWESOME smelling strawberry spray.  It smells and looks AMAZING!!!  I've had "just ok" service from this place before at other locations, but this location is my absolute favorite now.  I'll definitely be back for more!  I've tried some of the air fresheners they sell inside.  The only ones that really work are the ones that come in the sealed cans... all the other gel pads and stuff don't work well at all, so don't waste your money on anything but the CANS!before i left, the guy asked me to make sure that i was happy with everything also.  i think that was PERFECT customer service.  they obviously want you to drive away happy and guarantee their work.
5	I've gone to so many other car wash places but I always come back here. The wash it's self is pretty good. They go over it was hand mitts and then through the wash. The guys at the end though who do the drying/detailing really make the difference. I always tip the detail guy since they make the cars shine. I'm a big fan since they vacuum, spray the windows/mirrors/glass and detail the wheels nicely. They have coupons on their website and are in mailings as well as those coupon big books some schools/stores sell. Also they have a punch card type system where after I believe 10 washes you get one free.  It is NOT QUICK so don't come in thinking you will get your car back in 5 minutes, all sparkly clean. It takes time for them to do it right. I've seen them work almost 25 minutes on the detailing part before so depending on how dirty your car is how long it might take. If you want a quick wash n' go you might want to take your car somewhere else.
5	For $20, you get a gorgeous hand car wash hereThey do a good job and really pay attention to the details.  Beyond that, they actually check your claim ticket to make sure you only pick up your car.Attention to detail and low cost make this a great carwash option!
5	I'm a car guy and have a black luxury car.  Normally I only wash my own car, but someone told me about this location and I gave them a shot.  WOW, absoluetly fantastic job and I've gone back 4-5 times since and it's always awesome!  I request one of the supervisors on the end of the line by name (no, I'm not telling you!!), he always does an amazing job and I always tip him well.  Worth the extra few bucks over Danny's and other car washes.
3	Overall I'm going with just ok. Had high expectations due to constantly seeing many luxury cars come here. I took mine, they were very careful with the black paint and did an exterior wax. They left spots of wax on the car still but overall exterior was really nice. Interior, I don't like being able to see spots that were treated and spots they completely missed. Id be happy with a wipedown and no treatment than a half ass one. Otherwise really liked the waiting area, car is clean and the 72 hour rain guarantee is awesome, especially during monsoon season. I have a groupon so I have a couple more washes, will update if next round is better!
4	Went back on the 72 hour rain guarantee, service was much better. The guy washing the car took so much care and detail, even on a free wash. Left my car looking 10X better than the wash I paid for, and I even left a good tip. Takes a lot to get me to leave more than a couple bucks. Will try again with full service when they wash interior as well. Hoping I can get this place to 5-star! Mind you my interior is never that dirty, my car only has 2500 miles so this shouldn't be a difficult task.
3	Went here with a groupon, and upgraded to get my seats shampooed. The hand wash was great, as was the wait area. It's also a gas station so you can get anything to eat or drink that you want. After my car was complete the outside was decent, you couldn't even tell the seats had been shampooed, and it didn't look like they did a great job wiping down the interior.
4	Love the detail that the staff includes , even on a basic wash and always offer a great deal for other services as well. They do take time to get in the cracks and crevices and do a fabulous job, so plan on being patient as its well worth it!!
2	I got my car washed here about 3 months ago and for being about twice the price of most of the car washes in the area they did a  pretty sloppy job. Thought maybe they had a bad day so I decided to give them a second chance today (9/21/13). Today was even worse than the last time. My car was already pretty clean just dusty from not being washed for a couple of weeks. When they said it was ready I looked inside and they had forgot to wipe down the inside of the car. Dash still had dust, interior door panels not wiped down and the cup holders hadn't been touched. I had already tipped the employee who had cleaned and he went on to another car. I asked another employee if they had a clean rag so I could wipe down the interior. As I'm doing this the Manager, a younger white guy with a buzz cut comes to me and says I have to: "get my car out of there". I told him they didn't wipe down the inside of the car and he gives me this dirty pissed off look, closes my door and just walks off.  Won't be back a third time, too many other choices out there. Don't know if the owner or upper management reads these reviews but you might want to pass on to your management on the line to check the employees work and not be rude to customers who pay $22.00 dollars to get a pretty substandard car wash.
1	Don't go here! The sales guys are complete slime balls! The service sucks and the wash is even worse. I watched the girl wax my car, then clean my wheels, THEN clean my interior windows and leather seats all with the SAME rag. I now have a waxy residue all over the inside of my windshield. Not to mention that they slopped Armorall all over my car, so now there is greasy patches all over my seats. To add insult to injury the sales guy sold me on the $50 ultimate package. I know it is normal and customary to haggle so I did and the lowest he said he could do is take $5 off... I tried to do better and he swore up and down that, this was the best he could do. He then walked over to the machine and printed out a ticket for my was + $5 for "washing my floormats" which is included- then handed me a $10 off ultimate car wash coupon. The slime ball could have given me the $10 off coupon but instead tried to milk me for an additional $5. I asked the cashier if that was normal and she just rolled her eyes and agreed with me that it was shady. Beware of this place... I wouldn't go back.
1	Close to home....but would never recommend.  Went there today and watched my car dry itself for 25 minutes.  Asked for a refund and was told by the attendant someone had dried it.  Since I was sitting outside the whole time, I had a visual and told him that did not happen.  Asked for a refund and he couldn't do it because I had used a cc....went inside, spoke to the manager who seemed to care less.  Told her I thought it was awful that no one apologized, just gave excuses.  Guess what, then she said I'm sorry.  Terrible, terrible, terrible!
1	WORST. CARWASH. EVER.Save your time and your money-- this place will rip them both off.   Took 5 hours for a "detail."  I was never called me when my car was done, and there was dried soap on the wheels, the coffee spills on the dash were still there, vacuum job was terrible, mirrors and chrome spotty but worst of all they scratched the tint on the inside of the window and would not take responsibility for it.  Will tell everyone I know to AVOID this place. If I could leave negative stars I would. So disappointed.  THIS PLACE IS A SCAM!
1	This letter is to complain about the poor level of service I recently received from a Classic Car Spa Wash.   I live in the Islands right across the street from Classic Car Spa on McQueen and Elliot and have driven by many times. Just so happened this particular day I needed a wash in a hurry and thought I would give them a try. As I pulled in the salesman greeted me and went over the menu. He told me their top wash was the #5...the Ultimate Wash. It was supposed to consist of the Supreme Package plus Carnuba Express wax, leather lotion on dash, door and middle console, and conditioning the floor mats. So I went with it. Make note this was at 1:45pm. Well at 2:30 they said my vehicle was ready. To my surprise not so much. As soon as I opened up the car it was apparent it had not been vacuumed yet, the glass has not been cleaned along with everything else. I asked the gentleman who was presenting the vehicle if he was aware that I purchased the Ultimate Wash? He said sorry they missed the interior and if I would allow them they would fix it. So I went back inside the waiting area. After another twenty minutes another gentleman came carrying a radio who I assumed was a supervisor. He said sorry again and the vehicle was ready. Yeah not so much. As soon as I opened my back hatch to my Sequoia it was clear they had not vacuumed, wiped anything down, the leather, glass or panels, dash and so on. At this point as a customer I starting to feel like I'm asking them a favor to perform their job or as if I was nitpicking. Then I asked the supervisor what the managers name was and requested him to look my vehicle over. So Terry comes out and opens the door to my car and says you're right this is unacceptable. He then personally takes over the job and I continue to wait as we approach three hours now. When I asked him if this is how long it usually takes he said no it's usually about 45 minutes. At no point did anyone try to make my experience right. I finally pulled out of the parking lot at 5:15pm. Unreal. When I got home I noticed right side of the vehicle had bird poop all over it. The sad part about this is I had every intention of bringing in my other vehicle after this wash. Needless to say, I was quite frustrated. I expected a much higher level of service from your company, and I am quite disappointed. I will be informing my friends and family about this experience.
3	4-star work, but a star knocked off for glacially slow service. ALL the local car washes seem to move at a snail's pace, which I don't understand - part of the reason I'm willing to pay somebody else to do it is for the speed & convenience. If you take 30 minutes (when not even busy) to get me out of there, you've defeated a lot of the purpose. But at least I've always been satisfied with the end result here. Shake a leg and I'll update my review accordingly.
1	Horrible service. My gf and I brought our cars there. She paid $25 and they did a horrible job on the interior and my car they refused to wash bc the rear window was missing on my convertible, (it melted off bc of the heat)....I brought it down the street and Danny's car wash washed it by hand without a problem.
5	I prepaid for a hand wax and interior detail last month (I only had time for a wash and vacuum), and the fast talking salesman told me to bring it by anytime to get this completed. So I stopped by today and they told me they didn't have time, but if I really wanted to, I could leave it and pick it up at 5. This was obviously distressing, as it was 11, and I was just a bit upset. So the man I was speaking to told me we can set an appointment for next week and he'd do a wash on it today for free. I went from not ever returning to a happy customer. They made right on a mistake and have likely earned my loyalty ( I went to the same carwash in California for 10 years). I'm glad I have finally found a good carwash in Arizona and can't wait to return!
5	Bought a groupon- they washed my car. My car is clean and I am a happy camper. Friendly and fast for a great job. People just like to complain on yelp! This is a good car wash and great deal with groupon
5	I have a black van so I don't use any brush washes.  I have always received good service here.  Not quick service but always done in a reasonable time and I am happy to wait in order to get good service.  If I am in a rush I just wait until I have time to stop.My last was there was less than the quality I usually get there.  I called them when I got home and they told me to talk to a manager next time I came in.   A week later I came in and talked to a manager, they re washed and cleaned my van with no hassle and it looks amazing.  I even tried to tip them at the end and they refused to take my top and said they were happy to make things right.Great place.  Great people.Thx!
1	Their website mentions that "all of their washes are 100% hand washed". I visited the location on Litchfield and Indian School. I ordered a mid-priced wash. I noticed that my truck was heading into a tunnel and scrubber like the one mentioned below. This text was taken from their website as of 4/8/14. "All of our washes are 100% hand wash. We do not have any equipment that touches the vehicle inside our tunnel. We use lamb wool mitts to soap up the vehicle and our conveyor belt allows the vehicles to glide through on our track"."The Classic Car Spa 100% HAND CAR WASH concept grew out of a desire to provide a very clean car wash and to do it with care. The process allows for an exceptional wash and eliminates the problems caused by the rough scrubbing of heavy equipment and high pressure impellers".I find the website to be misleading. I wont be going to this car wash anymore. I didn't go to this location because it's inexpensive,I went to this location because I thought I was going to get a hand wash. I will tell everyone I know to stay away from this place. If I could give them -stars I would.
1	Don't leave anything in your car it will be gone when you get your car back, Worst manager I ever talked to
1	Terrible service, over priced, and they don't do that good of a job.I paid something around $80 to get the interior completely detailed and a wash/wax.The salesman kept try to push and push and push more stuff on me to the point where I just had to tell him to stop. They literally took everything in my car and just threw it in the trunk instead of asking me to put it there. They didn't even bother checking the ashtray to clean it out.On top of all this, for several weeks after when I turned on my A/C, the most horrible smell you can imagine came through the vents. It wasn't there before I had the detail job done, but it was there immediately after. Logic dictates it was something they did. They also put some sort of washer fluid in my reservoir that does nothing but streak up my windshield. I think it's supposed to be some sort of Rain-X stuff, but (a) I live in Arizona, where the cumulative rainfall for a year is negligible and (b) this negates the need for Rain-X. Seriously, this place is overpriced, the customer service sucked, and I regret having gone there in the first place.
5	What an amazing car wash!!!!Great and friendly service.Dale was an outstanding person with exceptional people skills. SO NiCE!!!!Omar the guy that cleaned my car cleaned it like he was detailing the car.This will definitely be the place we will bring all our cars to.
1	They are only good for washing you car and THATS IT! Just paid $40 to have my headlights restored but now it has more scratches on it than before.  I asked the guy over to redo it 4 times and he finally said thats the best he can do.  They only use one rough sand paper and no fine sanding to sand out the fine scratches.  Sh*tty-est piece of so called "professional" work I've seen.  NEVER AGAIN!
5	Ask for JR he does the best job! Been going here for over a year and had many different people, he's by far the best ever.
5	I like this car wash. My truck was super dirty and insides covered in pet hair from a road trip.  I bought a groupon just looking for a simple overall cleaning.  It came out amazing.  They took extra time on the pet hair and making the inside look as great as they did the outside.  I actually now prefer this hand wash over the other chain near my home.  I was treated well and did not have to be up sold over and over again because it was already included in the supreme wash.  Very happy.
5	Good work, cleaned the insides great. The service guy was helpful and explained all the different options.
5	Great car wash. Perfect location along with there other locations valleywide. Great prices for excellent washes. Only place i go customer servie is outstanding and courteous. 2 thumbs up all around
1	They did a good job detailing the car. I paid about $100. I was in a hurry and was told that the car would be detailed in 90 minutes , it literally took 5 hrs. They offered me a free car wash for next time, problem is there won't be a next time. If you got all day, head on over.
5	I have been to a couple of the other Classic Car Spas and this location is by far the best. They do a great job and are very friendly.  My car is always immaculate. Chris was very helpful and didn't try to upsale me things I didn't need. I'll drive a few extra miles to come back here.
5	Great carwash/detail!!! Conveniently located and great prices. Especially the groupon, attentive to detail. Love this car wash and all of the other locations here in the valley the only place i would go.
5	friendly staff. the washes are reasonably priced and they have a lot of options. the cars coming through look emaculate and my first point of contact educated me on armorall and lotion for my dash interior. i would highly recommend this location for a car wash. thanks for the cherry scent! mmmm mm mmm
