5	OK, this is what I love about this Paddock.  The pool staff!The guys, for the most part, REALLY understand pool ops.  I can't say how many times I have called for advice, or stopped in with a busted piece of equipment, and not only do they troubleshoot, BUT, they will do REPAIRS FOR FREE.  Yep, that's right.  I needed a new mechanical seal for my pool motor.   Not an easy fix if you don't know what you're doing.  Bring in your motor, pay for the part, and the guys do the labor FOR FREE.  I don't know any other pool co in the valley that offers that service.  I've also brought in parts I thought were broken, and the guys will inspect it, and fix, or replace.  It's like having my own little pool guy.  Most importantly, they don't upsell you, or rip you off if you're clueless.Water testing, like everywhere, is free, but there's is electronic, so it tends to be more accurate than a guy responsible for drops to test.I seriously wish Paddock was doing better overall as a company, as they closed quite a few stores in the past few years, and seem to be getting more into patio furniture.  I'd hate to see them move so far from what they do best.
2	On my visit to purchase a $6-8k spa, I was ignored completely by everyone I walked up to.  After several laps around the spa area, and about 10 minutes of this BS, I went back to the front of the store, to the customer service counter, to ask for help.  I stood there another few minutes while 4 sales clerks discussed a clearly more important customer than I (who all told spent about an hour with several sales people, was clearly price shopping, and ended up not buying ANYTHING).I finally got some "service" once they realized I actually wanted to give them thousands of dollars.  Hilariously, the sales guy kept touting their fantastic service, which based on how I just had been completely ignored, I don't exactly believe. They also sell tons of patio furniture and some awful yard "decor" (who buys this crap??)Bottom line: look like you have tons o' money (read: older and rude, demanding personality) and you'll get service, regardless of whether you have intentions of actually buying anything.
1	We purchased a 7' Christmas tree exactly three years ago from this Paddock store.  After we took it home and assembled it, we found that the top lights didn't work. The Paddock folks told us to return the tree after the Holidays and they would fix it -- which we did.  After waiting three month we stopped in and were told they had fixed the lights and gave it back to us.  Again we took it home, opened the box and found many of the lights were now missing and the wires had been cut in various place.  To top it off, the tree itself had cigarette butts in it.  So we made another trip back to the store.  At this point, Paddock told us they would honor their commitment and either refund our money, or let us pick a new tree in the fall.  We chose the latter and returned just before Thanksgiving for our new tree.When we came in we found a nicer tree that was slightly higher in price but the manager waved her hand and said not to worry they would give it to us as a fair exchange for all our troubles.  At the time, they were also having a sale on outdoor gas heaters -- so we bought one since they were trying hard to earn our business.We took both items home and assembled the tree for Christmas and guess what?  The lights on the tree didn't work at all!  At this point we returned the tree and were given a full refund.  No questions asked!  All through this experience we were very patient and felt the staff was really working hard to satisfy our needs, but in the end the products they were selling weren't as good as their efforts.Our story doesn't end here.  This past summer I assembled the outdoor heater for the fall and found it didn't work either.  I've since been able to fix it, but it doesn't work all the time. Feel free to LOL!  Five Stars for service and Zero Stars for their merchandise.  Sorry!
1	Made a trip to the store to scout out Christmas Trees. Manny helped me find an 8' tree with lights which was boxed up against the wall. He looked up the price and told me this tree had regular lights and therefore was $249.99...he said the LED version would be about $150.00 more. I did not want LED lights anyway but preferred regular lights.I went home to get my vehicle that would have room for picking up the tree and returned to the store. When I picked out the 8' tree we had discussed and we went to the register it would not ring up at the $249 price. He went to his other register terminal and to double check the price and returned to tell me that since it was had LED lights that the price was higher. He was in total denial of the product mix up and the communications we had 1 hour earlier. He was confused about the whole deal but would not admit the mistake. Thanks so much for wasting my time and my 4 trips to and from this store all for nothing. Very Poor Service.
1	Don't waste your time at this store .
1	Here is my saga of the Christmas tree. I had an eye out for Christmas trees since ours finally fell apart last year after years of faithful service. I went to Paddock's after spotting a great sale in October. After what seemed like hours of debating with myself, I bought a 6 1/2 foot tree. Unfortunately, I didn't open it until Thanksgiving when I found that it looked as though it might have been a return. There were no directions, or packaging and the pieces of the tree were not fastened with the ties in the box. Undaunted, we put up the tree and found the entire thing to be poorly made. Could this be the same one I picked out at the store? The branches didn't sit correctly and there were big holes where it was easy to see the middle rod. The tips kept falling off. Frankly, it looked like a Charlie Brown tree - a really expensive Charlie Brown tree.  I bundled it back up and dragged it back to Paddocks. I wanted to get a larger, fuller tree and was willing to spend more money. I was directed to the manager who investigated my purchase. He said that I had bought an "as is" tree and it could not be returned. This thing cost a lot money, even on sale! I swear no one told me it was an "as is" tree! I wouldn't have bought an "as is" tree; I wouldn't have bought a tree that looked so different from the one on display; and I wouldn't have spent a lot of money on an "as is" tree. I dragged the tree back home and looked at it again figuring that I could try to live with it. I couldn't. I went shopping again and found lots of places with expensive, crummy trees. Know where I found a beautiful, reasonably priced tree among a big selection of gorgeous trees?? Sears!! I didn't even know that Sears was still in business!!   However, the service was good, the tree was packaged perfectly, and there were directions and extra bulbs. And best of all, it's gorgeous! DO NOT BUY A TREE at PADDOCK'S!
1	I had this company to inspect my pool about 3 month ago and they came back with a list items need to be repaired including two temperature sensors, bad hydro 6 for pool cleaner. At the the cleaner pump was function, due to problem with a component called hydro 6, the cleaner head will not pop up. About two week ago, I called them to repair listed items plus replace bad pool light bulb , the same guy did my inspection showed up, while try to replace my hydro 6, he told me my cleaner pump making funny noise and it will trip the switch, this was never happen to me before, I believe he shorted the wire during repair; Then he replaced my good pool light in spa instead of broken one in the pool.At end, not only my pool cleaner system was not fixed at all, but also end up with damaged cleaner pump; not only my bad pool light did not got fix, but also paid them for a good spa light which do not need to be replaced.
1	Wow business must be really good for Paddock to completely ignore potential customers.  I sent a request to get an estimate for my pool remodel, Mike Rynne quickly came out to bid on the job, after several follow ups I've never heard back from Mike, nor received a bid.  Very disappointed since they originally built my pool, I even emailed the corporate office and no response.  Good for them for being so busy!!
1	Terrible customer service. Totally ignored by several available staff.  Needed three new cartridges for the spa. We're told by a gal in back that all they have is out. Didn't offer to order. Looks like the place is getting ready to close down. Sparsely furnished. We found a great place nearby that was totally customer oriented. Go to NPS pool supply on 90th & near Mountainview. They were awesome!
