4	I have never been here for anything other than breakfast but it is great. The pancakes are excellent and it is always packed!
5	I love this place. Terry is the best waitress. Food is cheap and filling. Of course it's Greek. I love it that I can get my eggs with gyro meat. I go here every weekend.
3	Like a Conquistador minus the Spanish background I find myself wanting to explore things quite often and sometimes by myself. Lindo's is one of those places. The food here is very diner like and very...very cheap. They have pretty good hours and a pretty basic Greek/ American menu options. The portions are on the larger side and will leave you satisfied. The service was my only bummer. Maybe it's my musk, maybe it's my quiet demeanor, or Maybelline itself. Whatever the case, the service was horribly slow..but just to me.So if you aren't me and are on Western Ave. by Heinz field, you may want to check out this eatery.
3	A great breakfast place. The service was ok... a bit slow. The food is good but probably not the healthiest and the place could use a bit of an update. All around, the food is inexpensive and good. I'll definitely be back.
3	Yummy, greasy breakfast food. Perfect for curing your aching head and feet after a night out in the South Side. Tucked away quietly just off the freeway in the North Side, this place is inconspicuous and very home-spun. I had some very basic breakfast fare, home fries and eggs with a side of bacon and of course, a pot of coffee. My friends weren't as impressed as I was, but I was just expecting some hot grub and there it was, a plate and half full. The waitress kept the refills on the coffee coming. Score!!Thank you Lindos, for being there for me on a rough morning. You guys are the best.
3	Good all around breakfast but I think that the "best breakfast in town" boast on the side of the building is a bit too bold.  Honestly, I don't have anything bad to say - it was the same cookie-cutter breakfast I've had a million times in my life.My girlfriend gave the pancakes a big thumbs-up.  My omelette was average.  Service was friendly and attentive - do yourself a favor though and try to get a table in the front; the summer heat and the open kitchen in the rear don't really mix that well.Opt for street parking - even though there's an open lot right next to it it isn't for the restaurant.
4	A great hangover cure in the North Side! I picked up a few drunken friends one morning as they were in serious need of a big greasy breakfast.  I was not a part of the drinking the night before, but of course I was the first one to receive the, "Are you awake?" text at 6am.  Sigh.  I was.  And I'm always in the mood for breakfast.  So I picked them up and dragged them to Lindos.  We were not disappointed.  From the moment we walked in, I could tell this was going to be a great breakfast spot.  When a diner or diner-type establishment feels like it hasn't been cleaned since it opened, I feel like that can be a plus.  I like that greasy, dirty diner feel.  The waitress was patient with us, something I always appreciate when dining as part of a group.  I've been here twice and enjoyed the omelettes both times.  That Lindos omelette, packed with all kinds of goodies (including gyro meat) definitely wins first place.  I heard the coffee wasn't the best, but haven't tried it myself.  I will, however, return for another one of those glorious omelettes.
2	Lindo's was heartily recommended to me by my mother's 70 year-old husband.  If a charmingly cranky-pants 70 year-old recommends a place for breakfast - you GO. No questions asked. Unfortunately, I think it's time for him to revisit Lindo's, since I suspect it's past its heyday.  My crew of six visited this Northside landmark one chilly Saturday morning before a Pitt game.  We expected to wait, given the crowd, but were pleasantly surprised when we were offered the private back room immediately. This backroom isn't exactly reminiscent of "SAW," but it is well on its way. Nevertheless, we appreciated the privacy and were happy to sit amongst the leftover restaurant items from yesteryear.  Surprisingly, the dining room really wasn't as busy as it first appeared.  The staff were friendly - in the beginning - and I felt good about our choice. That feeling quickly changed to dread.  It was a full 30 minutes after the final members of our party arrived when we placed our breakfast orders. At the end of the experience, we had lost two hours of our lives and had barely a coffee refill to show for it. The food was delightful enough; your average diner fare. But sorry, not worth the wait.  We shall commence our regular tailgate schedule of kegs and eggs next time for sure.
2	I was really excited to try this restaurant for breakfast, but I walked away disappointed. It's mediocre (at best) food. From the orange drink to potatoes that come from a box (I saw the box in the kitchen), this place has disappointment written all over it. While it's super cheap, I'd skip Lindos and instead head to your closest Eat n' Park.
4	Food tasted fine, service was good.  Lindos doesn't have a fancy bone it's body even my coffee cup was scratched but I liked it. I got the breakfast sampler for $7.99 :two eggs , home fries, pancakes and french toast, and bacon.  The french toast was very good fluffy and sweet.  I would have really liked if they cooked the homefries with green pepper and onions but they were tender and I ate them all.  You can have both french toast and pancakes but I opted for french toast only. I learned that Lindos does a breakfast buffet on Sundays from 8pm-1pm.There was a Steeler pride omelet on the menu too. I also saw a special  for 10 wing dings and fries for $6.50.  Great place for cheap eats.   This would be a great place to fill up before a Steeler game.
5	My breakfast literally had to be served on three separate plates.  For the second time in a row I got the breakfast scrambler. I doubled checked with the waitress, "Do you get pancakes and French toast with the scrambler?" To which she replied ,"Yes."  I can hardly believe you get two eggs, home fires bacon or sausage, pancakes and French toast for $7.99.It's been so long since I have ordered a meal where the difference between cost of raw materials/ingredients and cost of meal were so small.  This happened one other place recently and that would Sushi Fuku in Oakland.Eating this terrific cheap breakfast came the morning after eating an $18.00 buffalo chicken macaroni from Six Penn.  I'm still a little ashamed of that.Lindos Restaurant filled both my heart and my tummy.
3	First trip to Lindo's at the recommendation of one of the drivers at Springhill Suites. Good breakfast at reasonable prices - big portions leave you feeling satisfied.  Decor leaves a little to be desired, but there's something charming about it all - like the feeling of eating in a grandmother's kitchen.  Great blue collar feel - true local Pittsburgh.
1	First, the people who walked in after us had their orders taken first, and we had to flag down our waitress to have our orders taken. When she brought the food, there was no flatware and she wandered around looking for it for several minutes, brought it over and put her fingers all over it putting it down in front of us. She was also licking her fingers in front of us while taking our orders and such, so that was gross. The check was dropped with the food with no explanation that she expected us to take it up to the register, and there was no total on the check, so we added it up and put cash down on the table and left. Then she chases us out onto sidewalk yelling because she hadn't put the coffees on the check, so we asked what the total was and she didn't know, so we gave her a few more dollars and told her we were never coming back. The food wasn't really any good anyway.
