3	So...I was hungry for Mexican food, more specifically a burrito.  For being in the Southwest and so close to Mexico, I am constantly disappointed with the quality of offerings in the PHX valley.  Once you eliminate the local sit-down joints (quality places like Los Olivos) and the chains (don't make me say their names) there is not much left.  The lunch truck crews can be good, but are often inconsistent and the Filiberto's (and the like) just don't do it for me....so....I thought I would give this place a shot.  Yeah, I get it its a chain.  Yeah, it has a similar experience to the "burrito chain that shall not be named"...but this place is good.  I got chips and salsa (well, pico de gallo) and a veggie burrito (really a bean and cheese burrito with fixin's).  The food was good, clean, tasty and generally yummy.  It is located in the shopping center with a Sprouts Market.  Okay, let me give it a review run-down:food:  goodservice: good, polite, niceprice: under $10 for burrito and chips/salsadecor: cheesy, literally because it is yellowwould I go again:  yes, maybe in a few weeksshould you check it out:  if you are in the neighborhood
4	Found out about this business through Yelp and I decided to give it a shop. I was very satisfied! It wasn't too busy, but the food was good and the service was friendly. I ordered the chicken tacos and they were delicious. One of my co-workers had the steak tacos and said they were even better. The owner took special interest to come and talk with us (since they weren't too busy), and I would most definitely go there again.
5	I love both the owner of this place, and the food. The owner is a funny, great and caring guy. Every time I go to Taco Del Mar, I'm really impressed about how welcome he makes you feel and how hard he is trying to make his business work. His food is really yummy, and a great price to boot. I LOVE the shredded beef taco. I tried the Nachos today, and they were okay - wishing I had gone with the Taco's (Yumm!) We have had a salad there too -- another good choice. If you are looking for some good food, at a good price, with some good mo-jo to boot; please head over to Taco-Del-Mar!
1	I was really looking forward to going, but I'm very disappointed. The ingredient quality, especially the meat seems very poor. The service is friendly, but the food is bland, the the serving size isn't a great value. As much as I am not a fan of big chains, I would go to Chipotle before Taco Del Mar any day. There are much better options for Mexican.
3	I've seen this place for a while and have been meaning to try it out.  I didn't realize it was a chain....it has more the independent look.  It seems like a rubio's knock off.  Food wasn't as good, but a decent alternative.  Prices were average.  Service was very friendly.  Overall, it was decent.
2	Meat was definitely not carne asade (as advertised) but instead pot roast. I know this is a predominantly white area, but lying to customers about the type of meat being served doesn't seem right.I expected them to have a sauce bar (like most Mexican restaurants do) so that's a big disappointment. However I cannot complain about the price, it was extremely affordable in comparison to other Mexican establishments. Note to future customers: their idea of an enchilada is a taco with green sauce on it-- not an enchilada, enchilada.
