5	Ultimate Body Bootcamp provides incredible workouts, support and fun! Working out with a group of people helps me stay  motivated. I also like all of the additional ways to get involved in an active lifestyle - newsletters with good nutrition info, short or long races, hikes, charity bootcamp, and more. Camps are Valley wide. Check out the 2010 Best of the Valley winner - your body will ultimately thank you for it!
5	My first experience with Ultimate Body Bootcamp (UBBC) was through a Groupon I purchased in spring 2010 - I paid $19 (I had a $10 credit) for a month of bootcamp classes. Although working out at 5:30am was not my idea of fun, the location was super convenient and I really came to enjoy it.Each day was similar in nature, but featured different activities so I never got bored or knew what was coming. Dr. Mary King and Jen were great instructors - friendly, knowledgeable, and positive.Near the end of my month of classes, they merely suggested signing up for the next month - no guilt trips or pressure to pay for another month or more. And the greatest part was that UBBC offered a great promo price for those who wanted to keep going, so I purchased another month!Groupon just offered another UBBC deal and I'm signed up to go again in April! If you missed these deals, keep your eyes open for UBBC (and other bootcamp) deals on the "deal" sites!
5	Ultimate Body Boot Camp has, by far, the best trainers and will really whip your butt into shape - literally.  But, they offer more than just killer workouts. They also provide consultations and nutrition courses if you are interested.  Work out programs seem to be pretty price competitive these days and their always seems to be some "deal of the month" at many places - I say - you get what you pay for - quit bouncing around with the latest deal or fade and stick with Ultimate Body if you want lasting results! Richelle is my favorite!
5	This review is written by a former skeptic--thinking Boot Camp would consist of aerobic dancing and yoga. . . I was mistaken.  The Ultimate Body Boot Camp (UBBC) is an intense, fast paced full body workout that is often grueling.  It rivals 2 a day football practices, condensed into an hour.  Within 4 weeks, I saw dramatic improvements in both cardiovascular endurance and strength, and quickly lost weight.  It is never boring, and Richelle is great and highly amusing.  The one nit--6:30 a.m. or 7 p.m. classes por favor!I recommend!
4	I love this place! They make you sweat and loose so much weight! I will definitely be back! The trainers are really nice and try to get to know each person on a personal level so they can better your body!
5	I have taken many of the Ultimate Body Bootcamps in the past and they are great. I recently met with Richelle thinking of signing up for more, however after our discussion she advised another route. She spent over an hour with me educating me on how to better my health and change my exercise routines and recommended that I NOT sign up for her program. The reason was she felt it would do more harm than good because of my other underlying stress-related conditions. I am truly grateful for the consult and the advice and wanted to share this fact that she turned away new business because it was not in my best interests. i thought it was a perfect illustration of how she runs her company. Ethical, honest, caring and true to their messaging.I highly recommend this company for holistic health and wellness as well as their awesome classes.
5	I found Ultimate Body Boot Camp through Groupon - I thought it was a great deal. I chose the Windgate Crossing location, and it is definitely a challenging workout! What I love the most is that Ray gives a challenging workout, pushes you to do the best you can, but isn't obnoxious or in your face like the other boot camp I went to in North Phoenix. He's tough in a way that is motivating, not discouraging. I also love how Richelle, the owner, is so smart about nutrition. I have tried diet after diet over the years, talked to nutritionists, etc. and I learned more from Richelle about how eating affects your body than I did from anyone else.
5	Ultimate Body Bootcamp is the only thing that has ever worked for me as far as a workout routine. I am not a typical "gym" person. I got a Groupon way back in 2010 and only thought I would do the month. I wound up signing up for much more. At the time I was recovering from a back injury and it was the only thing that helped me get stronger. After awhile I took some time off to have a child and didn't go back to UBBC until January 2013. At that time, I was so weak because I had been on bed rest with my pregnancy and had gained a bunch of weight. I never thought I would get back into shape. I was truly scared. I saw a post on Facebook for a UBBC challenge, emailed Richelle, the owner/trainer to tell her about my fear and how I had gained so much and my muscles had become so weak from my pregnancy. She eased my fears and said she would work with me.  I wound up losing. 20 lbs of baby weight in just 3 months.  I noticed I got stronger and my back felt better than it had since the 2011, the last time I was in bootcamp. The thing that I like best about UBBC is the camaraderie and the one on one assistance and attention. The owner, Richelle posts nutrition articles, recipes, etc. on the Facebook page, and really wants people to succeed.  It is a fun atmosphere and people cheer each other on. The strength training Richelle teaches is awesome. I totally notice a difference in how I carry myself as a result.I have taken a couple months off to start a business, and I can tell my back has been bothering me again because I haven't been in bootcamp. I need to get back because it is the only thing that has worked for me, even after 1000s of dollars in chiropractic and massage therapies. This is a great local business that supports other local businesses. There are always posts on the UBBC website/FB page about giving to charities and helping out causes. Do not feel intimidated to try this out. Richelle works with people of all levels and there is no embarrassment.  I also love the variety of people and ages in the camps.
5	I originally signed up for Ultimate Body Bootcamp in April 2011. After 3-4 months I stopped going because it was hard for me to make it after work and I was "sure" there were more convenient options out there. Basically...I had plenty of excuses.Fast forward to February 2013, I had: joined and quit a gym, tired Bikram Yoga at every studio in the Valley, taken kickboxing and TRX classes and spent countless hours doing cardio in my apartment complex's gym. I realized that I hadn't found anything better and that I'm just not someone that can keep themselves motivated on my own. So I gave in and began taking classes at Ultimate Body Bootcamp again the following month. What really keeps me coming back is the fact that I haven't reached a plateau. It's a killer workout and isn't repetitive because each class is different than the last. The class environment is fun, friendly and challenging. Richelle (the owner) is fantastic and encourages you to push yourself and really make each workout count. She is a wealth of knowledge about both fitness and nutrition. I've been taking classes at Ultimate Body Bootcamp for nine straight months now and can say that I'm still just as sore after each class as I was the first week. I've made tremendous progress and am stronger than I've probably ever been. I can even say that I recently made the plunge into commitment and signed up for a full year of classes.
5	This has been the one workout that gives me enough variety and support to show-up!  Two plus years and going strong!  You won't be sorry for trying UBBC and you'll be even more happy with your results.
5	I decided to try boot camp to get my butt back in gear. As a runner I found myself fatigued from the constant wear and tear that running can sometimes create. I tried Bikram Yoga for a while and I loved it but it became too repetitive. I highly recommend this boot camp to anyone that is willing to put in some hard work to get results. I've been going three times a week for about a month now and I'm very impressed at how this place is run. Richelle is a wonderful, caring trainer. She's great at teaching a group of people while still making sure we each get individualized attention to ensure we learn/use proper form. She's very accessible and creates a friendly and positive environment. The boot camp is no joke, it's hard work. The variety from class to class makes the hour go by pretty quick and you feel accomplished afterward.
5	I worked out here for 3 months and saw amazing changes in my strength and endurance. I got busy and felt like I didn't have time to go, so I decided to work out on my own. Big mistake. I signed back up and it felt like coming home.Richelle makes you think about your food choices and helps you learn what will best fuel your body. Even in the time that I wasn't working out, I didn't put back on any weight because I had learned to make wise eating choices.She is interested in what your personal goals are and will do all that she can to get you there and then help you see where else you can go.There is never any pressure to sign up or to push yourself beyond your personal abilities; only lots of encouragement in a fun environment. She helps each person individually and will alter the workout for people that have injuries or other issues. It is a very positive place. We laugh, we dance, we work our butts off and come back for more.
5	I first started with the 21 day challenge, initially I was just looking for a few ways to spice up my work outs and put some pep in my step. I was impressed with the thorough consultation and Richelle's analysis of my needs and limitations. I am not a person that is in amazing shape, but I never feel like I can't do the work outs. She modifies them to your needs. The classes themselves are interesting and challenging. I especially love the camaraderie with the other campers. Its a lovely gaggle of women and feels very empowering. I would definitely recommend trying out the Ultimate Body Bootcamp. You, your body and your health will be thankful for it.
2	I purchased a Groupon for this place and was excited to try it based on the good reviews.  When I got there everyone was welcoming and friendly.  I assumed based off of reading the website,  that this place was good for all types of people. Their site said the first session would be mainly working on proper form. Perfect!So when I get there,  the instructor runs through about seven different circuits.  I was the newbie in the class and it was a little overwhelming for me.  She saw that I was having issues with the first circuit (burpees) so she moved me to the next. My form wasn't right on that one either.  She ended up pulling me out of the circuit all together and had me doing my own exercises separate from the group.  It was a little humiliating. To top it off she says I'm getting personal training for a groupon price. She said we could see how the week goes,  but if I don't improve,  this may not be the place for me.  Mind you,  I've never done a boot camp,  but I'm not a fitness novice either.  I ended up not going back just because the whole situation made me feel so embarrassed.  And that's not how I want to feel after a workout.  Money wasted.
