4	I was referred to Endocrinology Associates by Maricopa OBGYN. The Nurse Practitioner who did my well-woman found a mass on the left side of my thyroid. Oh, well . . . that's just splendid! I've only had three appointments at this practice, so I don't know if this rating or review is a true indicator of their level of patient care, customer service, etc (can and WILL update this later if need be) . . . but I have nothing but good things to say. 1. Very easy to schedule appointments (including the first one). 2. I've never waited more than 20 minutes past my appointment time. I understand Doctors are BUSY and I'm not the only patient there, so this isn't a huge deal. 3. Medical assistants and office staff aren't a bunch of toolsheds. Thank you for recognizing that it doesn't cost anything to be professional! 4. I was originally sent here to see Dr. Duick; however, that didn't work. I ended up being scheduled to see Dr. Harari (new to the practice). No regrets or hard feelings about that either, because he's great (21 years as a Navy Endocrinelogist). I have maaaaajor medical anxiety from some childhood trauma / surgeries, and I feel completely comfortable with him. Perhaps that's just the Valium talking I took before my biopsy? Just kidding . . . kind of. ;) Really though, he has great bedside manner (which is refreshing compared to other physicians and specialists I've seen, ahem!), and has answered any and all questions myself or my family have asked. Also, he wasn't quick to jump the gun and say, "WHOOOAAA this thing has to come out NOW!" Dr. Harari didn't even look at the reports + scans from AZ Tech Radiology; did an ultrasound himself to check it out. Maybe this is standard, but I sure appreciated his thoroughness.Recommended.
5	I referred myself to Endo Associates, specifically, Dr Harari, based on their reviews on a site specifically for rating health care providers. And I'm damn glad I did.Dr Harari is fantastic. On my first visit, he contradicted everything my previous endo said and did a much more thorough exam, which confirmed that my thyroid needed to come out immediately (multinodular goiter, 0.00 TSH). His manner is attentive and compassionate; he didn't blow off my symptoms, and he treats his assistants with respect. The ultrasound tech confided in me that everybody, patients and staff, loves him. It's easy to see why - he knows what he's doing and is very easy to deal with. Thanks to him, I got fast-tracked to have my cancerous thyroid removed, where my previous endo told me it was nothing to worry about (14cm across and 77g, nope, that's JUST FINE!). Following the surgery, he listened to my remaining concerns and laid out an action plan on the spot.The rest of the practice is, AFAICT, just as competent. I have no problems scheduling appointments or getting immediate callbacks, and everybody I've talked to at the Chandler and Scottsdale offices is top-notch. I absolutely and unreservedly recommend Endocrinology Associates, full stop.
5	I'm still very pleased with this practice! The only real "problem" I've had was trying to get a CD with my Thyroid US on it for the surgeon I had a consult with. Had to call once a week for a month before I finally got a live person. The person in medical records promptly addressed this, and I was able to pick up a CD the following morning. I had my post-surgery (partial thyroidectomy, 4cm benign nodule) follow-up appointment with Dr. Harari last week. Again, knowledgeable physician, compassionate, seems to genuinely care for his patients . . . or he's great at faking it . . . I'M ONLY KIDDING, Y'ALL! ;)Everyone seems to love this guy. I was actually just at my bank, and the woman I was working with noticed my scar. She asked what Endo I see, and she told me she was about to recommend him to me if I didn't already go. She made the switch from another doctor within the practice because Dr. Harari actually listens, takes her concerns seriously, works to find a solution and didn't write her off as being "one of those patients". Right now, he's monitoring my hormone production for the remaining half of my thyroid. Really hope that I won't need medication; however, if that's the case, I trust Dr. Harari and know that I will be treated with respect. . . . Yeup, I STILL recommend Endocrinology Associates. :)
1	I've been seeing Dr Reddy and Marie Perkins since 2005.  Here's how it always goes:  Schedule an appt with the doctor but find out when you arrive that they actually have you seeing the Physicians Assistant, Marie Perkins even though you specifically requested Dr Reddy and made the appointment to see her well in advance. Wait well over an hour in waiting room. Then, have Marie be curt and rude w/you while NOT listening to anything you have to share. Then, she will order your meds for Formulary after you told her generic is what you're insurance will cover.As for the office staff...If you get VERY abnormal lab results, the assistant will leave you a msg to call back ASAP but then won't return your call for several days while you wait. I have been seeing Dr. Reddy and Marie for over 8 years and nothing ever changes. I want to find a new endo but there are no others that I can find in Chandler. I have seen numerous patients walk out of the office waiting room, swearing never to return after they've gotten completely fed up. I will need to succumb to finding a new doctor and make the drive to Scottsdale or downtown. At least the office wait won't run over 2 hours like it does routinely at Endocrinology Associates.
1	Very unpleasant experience only talking with the scheduler. Rude, not helpful and very unaccomodating. Never wanna call her back.
1	I have had a horrible experience with Dr. Amiri Harari.  He almost sent me to an early grave.  Thank goodness for patient advocates that followed up with me after an inquiry to NORD and NIH.  Although initially I was grateful Dr. Harari suspected a diagnosis.  He then ordered two tests.  When the tests came back normal he said I did not have the disease.  I said wonderful, what do we do next?  He said there is nothing I can do for you.  I said I have to suffer? He said there is nothing wrong with you, I said so you are just saying I am fat, crazy and lazy?  He said you said it, I didn't.  I have since been diagnosed with Cushings Disease and would have continued to suffer based on his incompetence.  He ordered two tests, one was not even the appropriate test for the disease, the other requires several tests as one in four come back normal.  He did not follow any sort of protocol for diagnosing that particular disease.  His dismissive attitude came after weeks of only having one test result and I called twice to get the results as I suffer every day from this disease. I refuse to pay for the test that does not even meet the endocrine society basic guidelines for that disease.  The advocate said that that is a typical response from unprepared endocrinologist.  She did ask for his name.  I gave it to her in hopes she can send him some educational materials in this matter so he does not do this to another patient.  BEWARE OF DR HARARI
4	I adore Marie Perkins.  She is caring and compassionate. She takes the time to explain everything and answer any questions, no matter how silly they seem.  A couple of times I have had to wait,  and once even reschedule,  but for the most part I'm seen on time.  Even when I do have to wait I don't mind because Marie is worth it.  The medical assistant is always friendly even if the front desk is lacking warmth.  I'm very pleased with my experience here and will be happy to stick with Marie for all my endocrinology needs!
5	After having lived with type-2 diabetes for over 7 years and using my regular Dr to manage it, I finally start seeing huge improvements after only 4 months under Dr Reddy and Marie Perkins. Dr Reddy was the 1st consultation I had with this practice and since then Marie Perkins (Nurse Practitioner) has maintained be diabetes care. Through simple changes in medication and a far more positive approach than my previous Dr had, I have lost over 40lbs in weight and my Glucose levels have shown a dramatic reduction and much better controlled. Marie is very articulate and positive in her interpersonal dealings and appears to be extremely knowledgeable in her field, She has an excellent attitude and a very professional manner and I would highly recommend her and this practice to anybody seeking to improve their diabetic health care.
1	If you care for your life, do not visit this practice. After giving you an appointment they make you wait for 2 hrs. I have visited this practice 3-4 and had to wait 2 hrs everytime. Doctors are horrible. My doctor did not do my biopsy correctly and it had to be redone. So that was horrible. When I moved out of state, I requested my medical records for continuing treatment because I have a serious medical issue. Its been four weeks and no action has been taken. I have left 50+ voice mails. No one picks up the call. They call back only once every 24 hrs between 9 am and 10 am in the morning. Technically they work 9-5, but they never answer calls and do not call back. I am considering legal/other actions against them , because I fear that lack of records can interrupt my treatment plans at my new location. Never use this practice.
