4	Although a lot of the contemporary jewellery on offer here is a bit too bold for me, I still saw quite a few little pieces that stood out, which I would absolutely wear, so it's definitely worth nipping down here if you're ambling around George Street looking for pretty jewels.The shop has an icy look about it, with just the glass cabinets holding the jewellery as you come in, and a kind of gray/blue, futuristic look surrounding everything. Minimalist I would say, in a good way, as it makes the jewellery the only focus because you're not peering about getting distracted by fancy interiors. Or maybe that's just me, my attention span is admittedly very short. The smiley lady helping me out with my browsing informed me that the shop stocks a lot of Greek silver designers, and there are certainly a lot of beautiful silver pieces. I thought the earrings and rings were particularly attractive. The simple combination of pearl and what looked like twisted silver in the rings, as well as the angular Coeur de Lion earrings in different colours, were very pleasing to my eyes. A good price range too, in the sense that you can come in and make a casual purchase if you see something you fancy, or go that bit higher in price if you're hunting for special occasion items.
4	Located on George Street, Asimi is a gorgeous jewellers with a fab collection of different pieces catering for various different tastes. I was ecstatic to see that they stocked Lola Rose jewellery as I love it! I've contemplated buying Lola Rose bracelets a tonne of times but I always stop myself at the last minute as it doesn't look as expensive as the price tag and that puts me off a little. I've often seen copies in Topshop and H&M that look very similar and I often wonder if anyone would notice the different between them. Still, I do really like Lola Rose with the bold colours and often floral designs. Asimi stocks  a wide range of jewellery some very affordable others on the pricey side, much like most jewellery stores. If you're looking for something then it's worthwhile popping in to have a browse and there are also pieces that would be perfect for gifts if you have a friend who loves receiving jewellery.
