1	"Airline food", that's what my wife equated our dishes it to.  This has to be the worst new opening on the westside in a long time!Fatty chicken, tracing paper thin cut beef in our combo was less than desirable to say the least.  Sorry Yoshinoya, but you have seen us the one and only time in your resturant.
5	Let me begin by saying that as a California native I was super excited that Yoshinoyas opened up here in Arizona. I will be totally honest with everyone, Yoshinoyas is not for everyone.  I really believe that you have to be raised around this restaurant to appreciate the love. In a city ruled by tacos and burgers, Yoshinoyas is a beautiful alternative for me. I have tried many Japanese restaurants out here in the valley and they dont even come close. There have been plenty of times that I traveled back to Los Angeles and my first stop has always been the Yoshinoyas in San Bernandino before I begin my vacation. That's how much I love this restaurant.                               Much love to Yoshinoyas and go Dodgers......
1	I have seen these restaurants in my travelling to So Cal and never stopped in to try it. So when I noticed one had been built on my side of town I thought...maybe the food is good since they've expanded. NOW, I know why I never tried it before........It was really, really bad...YUCK!! By far, this has got to be the worst Japanese food I have ever encountered. If you are looking for fast "authentic" japanese food that is yummy, don't go here. Go to Tokyo Express. I ordered a combination of the beef, teriyaki chicken (skin on?), veggies and miso soup. 0 out of 4 of my family liked any of the food. The salad they offer doesn't even have a ginger or sesame dressing. Your choices were bagged ranch or 1000 island, etc. Also, I found the dishes to be overpriced for portion size. It just isn't very flavorful or authentic. Sorry Yoshinoya, but you would get alot more business if you completely change all of your recipes.
4	Why I'm giving a 4 star review to Yoshinoya is beyond me, the beef is well very fatty and the "combo" meal which they offer sucks, hard core.However with Phoenix's culturally challenged environment, and strip mall infused environment, finding a beef bowl in the city has become well.... a problem. I drove 45 minutes for Yoshinoya because of my beef bowl craving and, although it's nothing like Kokoro in Denver or mom and pop places in LA they still serve up the same flavor with a little fatter beef and an exceptional taste for those who know what a "beef bowl" actually is.Sad to say but the best beef bowl I've found in the valley, kudos to you Yoshinoya.
3	I have been to the Yoshinoya in CA many times. It is one of my buddy's favies! It is the first Yoshinoya I am trying in AZ. The food looks and tastes the same in the ones in CA. I have always love Toyko Express, so I had to compare the two. The beef bowl has thinly sliced beef with light terriyaki sauce, it was OK. I still like Toyko's beef bowl better due to the beef slices and sauce. Tried the chicken bowl too. The chicken has the skin on it, it is OK. I per fer Toyko's chicken without the skin. The sesame wings looks burnt, but they are not I think it is the sauce that make them look dark. It was OK too. If I am craving Japanese fast food and can not get to Toyko Express, I guess I will settle with Yoshinoya.
2	This corporate chain just didn't do it for me.  I'd rather just go to Tokyo Express or Samurai Sam's.  The beef bowl was thinly sliced, cheap, and fatty pieces of meat, and the teriyaki sauce tasted like it just came out of a  La Choy bottle.  The chicken was better, but nothing special. I only ordered a beef bowl and a chicken bowl, which I suspect are the most popular items, so I can't comment on the rest of the menu.  There may be a hidden gem in this place, but I don't think I'll be going back to search for it.
2	I have been to Yoshinoya in Japan. When I first went to Japan I refused to even try it, because it looked so nasty. But one drunken night, I gave it a try and found it to my liking. I just sampled the goods at the only location in Arizona. I must say that the location of this establish is sad. It is situated so far from the city that it is practically where the ghettoland means the farmland. I did see the Japanese lady that lingered around the restaurant. Most likely she is the one that owns it. What she needs to do is get to work and stop staring at all her patrons. If I were her I would start by firing all those lazy FAT mexicans who work there. They made me feel as if I had just entered a KFC!  However such measures might not be sufficient enough because the location is hurting the business. I myself had to drive 20 minutes to get there, another reviewer said it took him 45 minutes. Not to mention it is situated in an odd location in the plaza. I am of the opinion that they should move to Tempe. The place was odd. So empty.As for the food, it was decent. However, not as good as the beef bowls I had experienced at Yoshinoyas in Japan. This is probably due to the Americanization of the menu items. I ordered the medium sized beef bowl, but wish I had gotten a large, because the best part of the bowl is the meat. I was surprised to find no chop sticks, seeing how that is how it is eaten in Japan. I also missed the tea.Pertaining to the other reviewer's comments about the beef being thinly sliced and fatty -- that is the way they do it in Japan. It is way better that way than any fucking terrakyi beef bowl hands down.
5	I guess its a Cali thing because no one but us Cali peeps appreciate its existence. I was super excited when this location opened up. I will drive from Chandler to satisfy my Yoshinoya craving. Yes, I think it's really that good! It's my guilty pleasure that my BF (who is an AZ native) doesn't quite understand either. Ohhhh the beef bowl... this is not suppose to be teriyaki people! It's Gyudon! Made with dashi, mirin and soy sauce and I freakin' love it. I have gone so far as google-ing the recipe and making it at home. My attempts have been pretty sucessful! But not quite the same because I'm missing one thing... the Clam Chowder! I love ordering a beef bowl and clam chowder and pouring the soup over my beef bowl! Yup, over my beef bowl! I know, sounds gross, but trust me... try it! My LA peeps and I have been eating it this way for a while and everyone we have convinced to try this concoction have converted to eating it this way as well. It's ends up kind of like a casserole. lol. Don't forget to top it with some bright red beni shoga (ginger) and red pepper!Clearly you can see my appreciation for this one Yoshinoya in the entire state. From the beef bowl, to the clam chowder, the sesame wings, the chicken salad and even the glow in the dark veggies (as my friends and I would joke)... I really like this franchise. I just wish they had more locations in the state and closer to where I live.
4	Contrary to what Chheng L. thought, Cali people aren't the only ones who appreciate Yoshinoya. New York peeps also love it! My friends and I used to eat at the Yoshinoyas a lot when I was working in NYC, and the places were almost always packed. And no wonder - the food is good and cheap, and the service is fast. The main drawback (for me) for this lone franchise in AZ its distance from Phoenix; but even that isn't so bad, as it is one minute from the Dysart Rd. exit of  I-10. Still, I wish they'd open some franchises in Phoenix itself. And Chheng L was right -- pouring the clam chowder into the beef bowl sounds crazy but I found it to be yummy when I tried it.  However, if you've never tried the beef bowl before, try it by itself first. Enjoy!
1	I went to pick-up some dinner last night from yosh and found a note on the dorr from the lessor stating they elected to take control of their space. So, NO more yosh in AZ : (
4	Closed; Yoshinoya closed their only restaurant here in Arizona and broke my heart! How I miss the Yoshinoya of Los Angeles. Santa Monica Blvd and Vermont or the 2 on Wilshire; one in K-town and the other at Alvarado in McArthur Park District.  I miss you Yoshinoya. Please come back. Your food is excellent ; )
