2	I've been here for a couple of races & I don't think of this place as anything special. If you like NASCAR though, then they have plenty of races throughout the year to keep you entertained.Lowe's has the longest race of the year in the Coca-Cola 600, which lasts FOREVER...I have no idea how someone could sit through this whole thing. They also have the All Star race, which is a nice weekend out of the norm of your normal race. For those who aren't the biggest fan of racing, then this is probably what you want to attend, considering they don't go around in circles nearly as long as in normal races. And finally, in the fall they have another race, the Bank of America 500.Nothing is really special about this track, other than your normal huge parking lot after huge parking lot of tailgating. Also, the infield has trailers as well for tailgating. If you're to go to a race, try and get suite tickets, which is easier said than done, but it's well worth. Sitting in the cement stands for hour after hour of passing traffic just doesn't appeal to me, so bring your drinks (you can bring your cooler into the stadium) & get ready to wait for something to happen.
3	Lowes Motor Speedway can be fun, for an hour or two.  These races are so long though.  I got a few free tickets from my boss for the Sprint Race and I went with a friend of mine from work.  The nice thing about racing is that you can bring your own brews inside, whereas most sporting events make you pay about seven dollars a beer.  This is good and bad, it saves quite a bit of money, but there are so many wasted rednecks.  Luckily they have cops on ever corner, or this place would be pure anarchy.  I actually left a kind of early, I can't really watch cars go around and around for that long.  It just isn't my thing.
4	When folks come here from out of town, this is what they want to see. A few out of town friends have asked me if I was "at the race" before when there was a big one, and like a typical jaded Charlottean, I had no idea there even was a race.The facility is great, but Garret G. is right about the wasted redneck factor. If you go prepared for what you're going to find (cars going round and round, wasted rednecks, etc.) it can be something of an anthropological adventure. Without that perspective, though, I can't imagine it would be much fun unless you're a race fan.I've always had a good time when I've gone, though, just watching folks freak out.
3	Back in 1959, Big Bad Bruton Smith started building the mega complex that would become Charlotte Motor Speedway (it was Lowe's Motor Speedway due to a naming rights deal for about ten years).  Over time, it has grown seating to more than 100,000 people in the stands and another 50,000 or so in the infield.  There are 52 condos where you can actually live at the track year-round (assuming you can afford to buy one from one of the existing owners).  There are a huge number of parking lots all across the countryside around the speedway.The track itself is 1.5 miles, but includes a 2.25 mile road course that runs through the infield, a 0.6 mile kart course in the infield, a 0.25 oval that uses part of the front stretch and a 0.2 mile over outside turn 3.  In addition to the lots, the compound includes a 0.4 mile dirt track across Highway 29 and a four lane dragstrip.  This is a monument to racing, if you care for that sort of thing.  Just don't forget your wallet and plenty of padding to make sure your backside is comfortable.
3	While visiting friends in Charlotte we decided to take a tour of the speedway. I mean, when in Rome, right? So, I came here with little knowledge of racing looking for a way to enjoy a sunny afternoon in Charlotte. First, the tour is $5. I'm fairly certain this is the cheapest tour I've ever experienced. What other entertainment can you find for $5? There was about a hour wait until the next tour so the staff recommended we check out the stands. I was surprised you were allowed to wander around, but it was great. We soaked up the nice weather and watched those enrolled in the NASCAR driving school.The actual tour was just okay. I didn't find it very interesting, then again, I'm not a racing fan. You load into a large van and the guide takes you around the tracks and pit areas. Riding around the track was neat, especially when you experience the sharp incline of some of the turns. I was surprised the guides offered to take a picture of each guest in the Winner's Circle. Usually, tours want to charge you $10 for a photo. I guess that's just some of that Southern hospitality I'm not used to! Overall, a fun and cheap way to pass some time in Charlotte.
4	Came here to see the BoA 500.  We had some really good tix, the Hot passes.  Got to see all of the cars up close, see some drivers, go into the garage, etc.  I didn't pay for the tix, and am not sure how much it was...but it was awesome.Those cars are insane!  To be so close was a treat.  Then walking on pit row, walking on the track...that was a great experience.  The drivers are so nice, it is like they're nothing special!  Weird!  Stood behind pit row during the race...those cars are fast and LOUD.  It gives so much more to the race - I'm not even a fan.  Glad I came though.
4	As this is the only NASCAR racetrack I have been to, I am left to compare this to the numerous baseball/football/sports venues I have experienced throughout the years.Reasons this place rules:- The massive scale is almost breathtaking (and a bit scary)- You can bring your own beer in*- You can bring your own beer in**- You can bring your own food in***- Even with a 140k capacity, you never have to wait to get in/out, for food/drinks or the bathroomI have been here for the BoA500 and CC600 and have had a great experience both races.To avoid the post-race traffic we camped out at the speedway last time. Not only was it well worth it to avoid sitting in a car for 2 hours after 10 hours of drinking and 4 of racing, but we made some VERY interesting friends at our campsite...______________* No limits** If you run out you can walk back to your car, get more beer and come back into the stadium***Pretty sure we're the first people to bring a veggie and cheese tray into a NASCAR race
4	I've only been here once, for the Coca Cola 600 in 2011.  My friends and I got Hot Passes, so my experience is not the usual.Watching from either the grandstands or at the edge of the infield is cool because you can hear and smell and feel the cars go by and it's amazing.  However, watching the entire race from there could get a little boring.  The giant HD screen can help your understanding of what's actually going on from either location.  You can bring in your own food or beer, which is AWESOME.  Also, I went to the dirt track across the street for a race that Saturday night and would VERY HIGHLY recommend it to anyone.  It's a smaller, more intimate experience.  It's fun watching the cars slide around the corner and there were many wrecks (which did make it take forever).  Just know, going in, that you're will be covered in dirt by the end of the night (and bring glasses to protect your eyes).Everyone was very friendly and the fact that you can bring in your own food and drink really make the track a fun weekend.
4	We went to see the Avett Brothers simulcast concert, and it was pretty great.  They showed it on their huge screen (I think it's the largest in the world,) and it was better than seeing a live concert it some respects.  We were able to bring our cars and coolers in, set up chairs and blankets, and sit where ever we wanted.  The audio setup was really well done, and I felt like I was hearing as close of a reproduction of a live show possible.  Cons?  The video feed stopped to buffer several times during the show, which was super annoying.  Hopefully the next time they simulcast a concert here they'll work out the technical kinks.  That being said, the problem may have been on the other end, so I won't dock the venue any stars for it.  All in all, a great (and cheap) way to see a show!
5	Love this track in the Nascar Sprint Cup. The crowd from start to finish is into the race. Now with the new Largest 1080 HD tv ever made there is never a bad seat.
4	Wow, I never thought in a million years that I'd be clicking on 4 stars for the CMS and saying, "Yay! I'm a fan."  But it is true. And I'm not even into racing!  (I am too ADHD to sit around for hours watching people driving around in circles on the tube and I am not excited about going out to the racetrack to sit in the chicken-bone throwing section of the stands with the 'real fans'!) However, on my one and only visit to the Charlotte Motor Speedway, I experienced the holy grail of racing-dom... I was a guest in the President's Suite, got a "backstage VIP tour" including meeting all the execs and Bruton himself (dude is really short!). We even got to go up on the roof and see where some of their cameramen get those shots of the whole track. After our VIP tour of the corporate offices, we also got Pit Passes. One of the marketing interns drove us out to Pit row. There was so much excitement and energy down on pit row.  The garages of course are state of the art and looked as clean as an operating room.  The pit stops were unblieveably cool as well - I had no idea how large those tires were!! I was totally amazed with the whole tour!  I do believe that I would become a major race fan if I always scored an invite to the President's suite & pit passes!  Now, back to the President's Suite. One of Bruton's sons is the President & GM (Marcus). He arrived at the suite a little late, shook hands with everyone and settled in to  watch the race alone. (Side note, he's a short dude too- just like his dear old dad.)  He was very quiet & kept to himself and everyone in the suite left him to watch the race on his own.So what about the food? It was definitely what you would expect for this sort of venue. I think it is catered by the Levy Resturant Group which operates some upscale and semi-upscale restaurants. They also provide food for many sports complexes, arenas, convention centers, etc. On the night we were there, they offered a wide variety of food... everything from hotdogs to roasted chicken.  The chicken was seasoned well and roasted just right. They have a variety of assorted sides that were good as well.  It was not the best meal I've ever had by any stretch, but for food served at a racetrack, it was damn good.The only odd thing was that there was absolutely no alchol in the suite. They had plenty of sodas and bottled water... but no adult bevvies. I would have liked to have gone for a beer or glass of wine but I didn't feel that it was appropriate to bring one into the suite given that none was offered  (not even for purchase) inside the suite.  Oh well, it was a super-fun night even sans alcohol (which previously I thought was mandatory for having a good time at a race!)  I must admit (even though its pretty morbid) I really got excited when there was a crash (thankfully, no drivers were injured that night!). The suite was really unbelievable! As you would expect, it was right in front of the checkered flag, so we had a great view of the start and finish of the race.  I loved the big windows that gave you a great view of the track.  The stadium style seating in the suite ensured that everyone had a great view! Also, of the coolest things about the President's Suite is that it is stocked with plenty of  those really cool scanner devices which have headsets & a little built-in screen  so that you can listen in on communications between the driver and their crew. And, if the driver you're tuned in to has the camera in their car operating you can get a "birds-eye" view of the track from inside the car.  I like it because you can hear them talking about pit strategies, how the cars are handling and what other drivers are doing on the track. You can listen to just one team or switch channels to see what each team is talking about.  It was definitely the way to go if you are watching a race at the speedway (especially great for A.D.D. people like me!). http://storefront.nascar.com/raceviewThey also had these nice glossy NASCAR magazines for everyone in the suite so you could read about the drivers and the tracks. Again, nice for someone with a short attention span. So I hate to admit it - but that night I became a "fair weather" race fan. What does this mean? For me, it means that I won't be buying tickets to sit in the stands and I won't be buying club membership either, but if I happen to score Speedway Club tickets, I'll definitely be there!   And while I still don't sit down and watch a race on TV for any length of time,  from time to time I'll tune in to a race for a short bit to see what's happening.
4	I personally have never attended a NASCAR event here, but I did get to run on the track in the very first NC Half Marathon!  I can tell you it probably takes longer for me to run around the track on foot than to watch a car go around it.  We were able to run in the infield and also around the entire Charlotte Motor Speedway property (also across the street to the Zmax Drag Strip).  Overall I was pretty impressed with the facilities.  The dirt track is looking pretty cool (I guess this is one of the newer installments of the Speedway).Now that I've actually been inside, I definitely need to attend a race... even just one time.  The grand scale of everything that is Charlotte Motor Speedway has me curious now...
4	NASCAR 101:  Top 10 tips for those novice fans.1. Shirt, optional. Sunscreen, essential.2. Don't bother getting all dressed up. From the draft of the cars, dirt will fly around and land all over you. So forgo wearing a flowy skirt too...3. Ear plugs are a must! Protect those ear drums and for as little as $2, you can be rest assured.4. You can bring a small cooler! Do it. The race is long & hot...and water is $4 a bottle.5. If you don't bring your own cooler, then carry cash. If you don't have cash, bring your ATM card. There are BofA kiosks all over.6. The closest seats to the track aren't necessarily the best (like in other sporting events). If you desire seeing a greater view of the entire track, go higher.7. It's not essential to get there on time. The cars go round and round and it doesn't get exciting until closer to the end.8. If you are an environmentalist, this sport will drive the "Mother Earth" in you insane! There will be empty cans of beer & trash flying all over...not to mention one of the main parts of this sport is using a lot of fuel.9. You will smell a lot of fumes, feel the vibration of the cars, and see blurs whiz by...if you get motion sick, take breaks from the track.10. Beer bongs are encouraged...don't forget yours, but I'm sure you can find someone who will share theirs.The roar of the engines is really exciting! I really liked watching how fast and flawless the pit crews worked too. It's quite the experience to be there live! After my first race, I read more about the sport...pretty interesting. I think the next time I go, I'm definitely renting a radio so I can listen in on the drivers and announcers. Everyone should go at least once!
3	As a part of the family reunion, we took a tour of the Motor Speedway. I guess a trip to Charlotte isn't complete without one.  I'm not a NASCAR fan, but when else would I be able to go on the track and it's new and interesting? The price for me was $6, due to Military discount. My niece, who is not even 2, was charged $5. We all piled into the van and headed out to the track. Suddenly, our driver turns off the air so we could hear her! Ah! Too many bodies and too hot for the air not to be on. The tour was pretty neat though. Our guide drove us around the track and different areas while she explained the history of the track and how things operate. Then she went on the actual track, which was cool because on TV, the track looks flat, but it's not. She stepped on the gas, and we rode 2 laps around the track. The first time, she drove to the top of the bank, stopped so we could feel , and we were leaning sideways. Then, we all hopped out and took pictures in the winners circle.  The whole this was a pretty awesome experience. I can only imagine what that place is like around race time.
3	This is a great place to see a race but some disappointments came with it. There are not many, if any other sports venues where you can bring alcohol into. So that's always a plus.  The people watching is the best you will ever get in anywhere.   There is plenty of parking and always a golf cart at some point to drive you up to your seats.My disappointment came in renting a suite for our clients. Most suites are rented for the entire season and fixed up by the renting company to look and feel they want.  This client only wanted it for one race and didnt have the money to invest in upgrades.The suite was filthy. Even after getting them to clean it, it was not acceptable for the level of clients we had in there. For what they paid, I would think CMS could afford to update and maintain their suites.
4	I saw my first NASCAR race, the Coca-Cola 600, at Charlotte Motor Speedway. I've never been a big fan of NASCAR because it always seemed a little boring on TV. Seeing the race in person was much more fun! I loved that we could bring in our own food and beer, although we did patronize the food stalls inside as well. It's very loud here, so you definitely need to bring earplugs. There was an option to purchase audio accompaniment of the race, which we did not do. Lots of parking, but you should still try to come early so you can park closer. Super fun experience and I don't even like NASCAR!
5	Went to both races this year. Great time at both events.  Cant wait until next year!
4	This is a review of the Speedway "Feel The Thrill" Tour, specifically.I will start by saying that I am not a NASCAR fan, at all.  I don't hate it, I am just pretty indifferent.  I vaguely recognize some of the big names, but I wouldn't recognize a single one if they walked up to me.  I mention this, because I wasn't sure how much I would enjoy a tour that was all about NASCAR, but I had a really great time.You check in inside the main building, and are then loaded into air conditioned vans.  They were pretty comfortable.  Our air could have been a touch colder, but it was VERY hot and humid outside, and that poor thing was doing its best, lol.  It was at least cool enough to be fairly comfortable, so that was great.  Just a note for parents of small children, let them know if you have a carseat to install, so they can allow enough time for you to do so comfortably, without feeling like people are looming behind you, waiting to board.Our guide was very knowledgeable and friendly, and started by gauging our level of interest and subject knowledge, to tailor his tour.  I appreciated this a lot, since we had a bunch of kids with us, as well as racing newbies.  We viewed the garages, pit road, and stopped to take pictures in Victory Circle (our guide took group shots with our cameras, and let us have plenty of time to take whatever pictures we wanted).  Afterward, we drove a couple of laps on the track, which is WAY more banked than it looks.  At one point, he stopped the van so we could really feel it.  We viewed the helicopter landing pads (there are a BUNCH!), and then headed over to the Dirt Track, and got to drive on the Z-Max drag strip.  All told, the tour lasted roughly an hour.It was a bit pricey, especially if you are paying for small children, since there is no "free under 3" or whatever.  $12 for adults.  $10 for seniors, EMS/Police/Fire personnel, military, or children 9 and under.  Gratuity is included.
3	After a few times watching the race from pit row, I finally sat in the seats and had a typical fan experience. Although I had a great time tailgating, and then watching the race, I did not particular care for the racetrack. As far as a comfort level, it may have been the worse venue I have been to with the exception of Ovens Auditorium. The seats were bunched together and super uncomfortable. Luckily I had a kid sitting next to me which gave more room but it was still tight. The bathroom lines, including the men's line was ridiculous. They definitely need to either expand the bathrooms or add more bathrooms.  If you are looking for a good view of the race, just like any race track then you are going to want to sit as high up as possible. However, the infield seemed to be a little elevated in areas compared to the track, so sitting low at this track may be a little worse then most tracks. The one thing that is completely awesome, is that you can bring in a cooler with your own beer and food. I hope they never change that.
4	My first NASCAR race, so here we are at Charlotte Motor Speedway. My friend won some tickets in a giveaway and I was the first one to raise my hand, so here we are at Charlotte Motor Speedway. It was a Saturday night on a race weekend, so here we are at Charlotte Motor Speedway. And after bringing a case of Coors Light (its the official beer of NASCAR, donchaknow?) and some fried chicken and some hot dogs, here we are at Charlotte Motor Speedway.After wandering around looking for parking, we ended up paying $20 which was WAY too much. There's some "free" parking that's even closer and so I'd recommend that you try that out next time. Instead, here we are tailgating with beer and hot dogs and chicken at Charlotte Motor Speedway.A long walk to get to one corner of the place, we managed to hook a trolley ride to get us from where we were (near turn one) all the way around to turn four. That's a lot of walking that we ended up doing, here at Charlotte Motor Speedway.Inside (keep the beer, leave the umbrellas), we found our way to the seats. Fortunately, an "evening" race so we didn't have to deal with the bright sun. And the race only started about 20 minutes late, which was plenty of time to drink a few more beers, make friends with the people nearby, and think about a run to the concession stands here at Charlotte Motor Speedway.The race was amazing. Really really exciting, really really loud, and for most of it, I had absolutely no idea what was going on. But hey, I'm still a newbie at Charlotte Motor Speedway.Tip: EAR PLUGS!
5	Love this racetrack we stayed in the HDTV lot and our view was perfection. Races at your doorstep. The lot is pavement, with electricity hookups. Everyone is very friendly and attentive. One of the best customer service I have seen at a track. You need to wear your sunglasses at night when sitting by your RV to watch the HDTV. We were on the second row mid lot.
1	AAAAAAHHHH traffic and people EVERYWHERE. While the events and vendors are pretty neat, the influx of obnoxious drunks who attend this venue keep me far, far away from this place whenever events are in town. To me, the arena is just a traffic clogging roadblock. But hey, I guess it's good for some folks.
1	Awesome for NASCAR. Terrible design for exit traffic. I sat on the road going towards the speedway for 1 hour and didn't even move 30 feet. Mega fail for charlotte motor speedway and traffic control/police. This needs some major attention ASAP
2	Ok this is a review of their Christmas light display NOT a race. I'm not a NASCAR fan I used to be but I kind of got over it. Ok first of all, 20 dollars per car to get in maybe it's worth it to you maybe not but it's gonna cost you 20 dollars to find out. There are aspects of the light display that are really nice. The lighting on the tunnel going into the speedway was very well done and the coordinated music/light display in the stands as you drive around the track was also well done. The rest of the display was a bunch of those wire framed Christmas light things (some of them animated)  scattered about the infield that you drove past. Pretty ok but once you've seen a few you pretty much get it. There are a bunch of signs letting you know that the light display is being sponsored (the two I remember were Bojangles and Bank of America) so they're getting corporate money ~and~ charging 20 dollars a car. The Christmas village was free to get into but it cost money to do stuff once you got it. My niece really REALLY wanted to ride a camel so sis and I took her in. A camel ride was 5 dollars for one (1) time around. . . took about 20 seconds. . . .  Sis and I are going to by a camel and hit the road we figure we can give kids two times around (twice the value . . but wait there's MORE)  for the same price and make a BUNCH of money. Seriously though, there was no one waiting there was no line, the was no crowd of kids screaming to ride the camel apparently the going rate for camel riding is 5 dollars for 20 seconds (that's 900 dollars a hour . . I'm telling you guys this camel business is the place to be). Anyway niece was happy so I guess it was good. The consensus among the family was it was ok to do once but we won't be back.
5	Eat before you come or bring your food with you. Make sure you bring your ear plugs unless you are sitting in a suite.
1	I went to the Coca Cola 600 Race with my family and was not expecting to see people that could not hold their liquor.In the parking lot people were staggering drunk and yelling obscenities. After the race I returned to my recently new car with key scratches all the way down the side of it. I parked correctly. I guess someone did not like something about my car. This is the last race I will go to. My son was wondering why the fans were acting so poorly. I told him that there are bad people that make the good ones look bad. Nascar races do not promote a good family environment. I doubt I will go to another race!
5	We had a great experience here and chose to sit in the family seating where no alcohol was allowed. There were always security staff walking around and everything was extremely convenient. As always, you'll pay high prices for food and drinks, but we were expecting that. Hopefully we'll be able to come back.
4	When races are not going on, Charlotte Motor Speedway is a great stop for NASCAR fans.  In front of the majestic entrance is their Walk of Fame, with concrete blocks featuring the footprints, hand print and signature of various NASCAR stars.Inside the main building, the ticket sales area is to the right, the gift shop to the left, and an entrance to the Speedway Club in the center.  On this visit I went to the gift shop. They have a good and varied selection of shirts and hats promoting the Speedway and some drivers.  As with most sports promotional clothing, the items are rather pricey.  Someone had asked me to get them a NASCAR themed gift.  I finally found a value priced combo or a hat & tee for $25 and made that purchase.Unless something is happening at the track, there is usually one section where you can go to the stands and get a great view of the front stretch and pit road.  On the day I was there that was not available.  The gift shop employee did mention that if I asked the receptionist to the Speedway Club that I could have gone up to that area and viewed the track, but due to my schedule I declined.If you are a NASCAR fan and checking out all of the NASCAR race shops I think you need to add CMS to your visit.
4	This was my first time at CMS - it was very interesting to see how everything was placed. I actually thought it would be larger than it actually is.I was here for work and was able to ride a couple of hot laps around the circle with Matt Kenseth at 130 mph and it was fantastic. On the weekends, they have the Andretti driving school which is pretty neat, in addition to the exotic car drives. The exotic car drives ranges from a Nissan GTR to an Audi R8, as long as you pay. We had lunch at the speedway, looking over the track. This was quite an experience as we saw cars going around on the circle while we ate. I definitely recommend anyone to experience it, even if you aren't a race car or NASCAR fan. Also, the staff at the location was friendly and nice.Along with the speedway, I also went over to the ZMAX - this is the drag strip. Nothing to write home about, but just to experience drag racing cars can get anyone excited. I was lucky enough to drag race a couple of cars that day. A tip: when going to CMS, make sure you know what gate to turn into for parking - there are many gates and it can be confusing at times to know which one is the correct lot.
5	WHOO HOO! Came to visit from out of town and was looking for something to do. Consulted "the yelp" and found out about this place. Checked the website and found out there were Church Bus races that night. SOLD!This was my first time doing anything like this and it was fantastic! We paid $7 each for entry, plus we did it up and got ourselves some Bud tallboys to complete the experience. The engines were loud, the crowd was rowdy, and the bathrooms were clean. What else could you want out of your night?
4	The Charlotte Motor Speedway NASCAR Thrill Ride was a whole lot of fun!! Although as a group we did not get to get inside a car, we did speed around the track.  Sitting on top of the 24 degrees slope was defiantly something to experience.  I've watched a few times and never knew how steep it was inside a vehicle.  As a group event, I highly recommend.  As tip, sit on the 1st vehicle, front seat.
4	Went here on a work management trip. My company went all out with a nice suite and pit passes so we had the vip experience. I know nothing about nascar but learned alot by asking a ton of questions with co workers who love the sport. The place is huge and super loud obviously with insanely fast cars going in circles. The atmosphere is fun and lively. People love their nascar in this area. I will likely never be back in NC but it was a fun experience for sure.
