5	This park amazed me. You can't see it at all from the road - just a little green rolling hill.  It is so huge, that at one point we almost lost our bearings for where we were, and had it not been for the library and the mountains we would have practically lost our way.  There is so much going on here, it's not even close to your typical park. It's gigantic!  And there is a super huge man-made lake in the center!  The whole place is easily 10 degrees cooler than just right across the street.I went to their web site today because I know we missed things yesterday as it was getting dark.  Here's what they have: Basketball; Boat Ramp; Fishing; Lake; Picnic Area; Playground; Racquetball; Ramadas; Restrooms; Softball, lit; Tennis.  I couldn't find anything to give me the size of the park, but the lake itself is 25 acres, which apparently is the largest of Arizona's "designated Urban Fishing Lakes"  There are like 6 different kinds of fish there including Catfish, tilapia, rainbow trout and yellow bass.  And let me tell ya - at 7:30pm last night we decided to walk around the lake (which took almost 30 min) and the place was hoppin'!  There were so many folks fishing it!  We were really shocked that at that late on a Wednesday, there would be that many folks there.  Some were quiet watching the ducks.  Some brought their kids who were making tons of awesome happy childhood noises on the big playground area.  If I hadn't seen it myself I wouldn't have believed that all of this was over here. I'm going to have to go back again to take pictures so someone else will believe me too.
3	Now that the weather is getting cooler I have been looking for an alternative to South Mountain to take my dog to at night. I yelped Chavez park and only saw one review (thanks Kristin C.) but also noticed that it was very close to my house. I was amazed at how big this park is... It is larger than Kiwanis, which I thought had a huge man made lake. It took us about 25 minutes to circle the park and that was practically speed walking. As Kristin noted the amount of people at the park, for a weekday around 7 was overwhelming. I also could not believe how many people were fishing in the lake (Are the fish that swim around in a man made, stagnant, polluted filled lake really ok to eat)? Overall this is a great outdoor park and there are plenty of sports and activities to partake in, every one I passed was booked solid with people.. This is not the place to go if you are looking peace and quiet, but a family filled atmosphere and a frenzy of activity are sure to be found any time of the day.
4	Caught a glimpse of this park from inside Cesar Chavez Public Library and had to check it out.  I'm glad I did!  I thought I was just going to check out what looked like a small watering-hole (I was going to say 'lake"), but it's a whole freaking park!  All this time, I thought that the lands were extensions of Cesar Chavez High School...It's a great place to go for a stroll, or a quick cardio workout.  Wish upkeep was more consistent; Some areas are better-kempt than others.  Fishing is allowed, but remember to get those licenses, and the water does have toxic algal blooms, so don't think you can take those fishies home and have them for dinner.  If you take a good look at all that float in the water, you really wouldn't want to eat what lives in it!  Ugh! [Ooh, shivers!  And not the good kind, either!]I keep meaning to do some interval workouts here, especially w/ the weather so beautiful nowadays...
4	01/31/10Thought I'd update w/ newer pics.  Weekends pack in the multi-cultural families that live in the area.  Love how it's a lot emptier during the week.  Nightfall brings shadier-looking individuals, however, and I'm less-likely to stay past dusk :(BTW, there is an area w/in the park that I believe was poorly-planned.  I hope that city/park officials see to its amendment soon.
4	I like this park. Rickie hit a home run in this park. Just. For. Me. I like this park. It has trees for shade. Though I would like this park more if they had WAY more trees. I would like this park more if the concrete bleachers were covered. And how about some hot dog vendors!? Beer? The ice cream guy just wasn't cutting it!I like this park because softball wives are allowed in the dugout during the game. Yep. Covered. With a bench. Cold water. Ha! All the saps out in the sun, melting like Melanie Griffith's face. Really though the road leading to this park is pretty ghetto and lined with trailer parks, piles of cars and piles of tires. So I was not looking forward to the park. What a surprise. Very clean. HUGE. Great parking. Restrooms...not too bad...I mean it's not The Plaza but there was soap and working hand dryers. I like Cesar Chavez Park. I'm returning Sunday. Where Rickie will hit yet another home run. Just. For. Me.
5	This park is always packed. This is a very active type of park because there's so many things to do here. Every type of outdoor sport can be found here. Also has a beautiful huge lake.This is also a great place for fishing and you'll find it packed with people fishing at times. One of my favorite places to go urban fishing. Friendly people to talk to and get tips. I've always caught at least one fish here! Maybe I'm just lucky though? Ha I say you go visit this park. Something for everyone. Unless your looking for peace and quite type of park...
4	I visited Cesar Chavez Park early in 2011 for a company picnic. We had our picnic on the south side of the park. I walked around the lake and took some photos of the park. As long as the weather is cool, I would recommend this park. If you love the heat, then you can visit the park at  any time of the year.  There is fishing at the lake inside the park. I will upload some photos to give a better idea of what the park has to offer.
4	I love this park for the views (trees water ducks etc.) there is a track around the whole lake which is shared by both fishers, runners, walkers and bikers. lots of benches and tables for a picnic or gathering. there is a playground for the kids which could be bigger but the kids still love it.  The park has a few thing around it which makes it nice. The libery, a golf coarse and some baseball fields are really close.  If you are having one of those days take some time for yourself walk around the lake and unwind! Oh yea about the fishing been there a few time to fish and must say not the best fishing but what the heck. well hope this helped.
5	Just moved to this area, We knew there was a nice park next to the high school. I just figured it was " just a park" we went there on a father's day night to walk the dogs. We both wore flips flops. As we walked over the small grassy hill from the car we shocked to see the "pond" we started to walk around the "pond" and realized it was a full on LAKE! What a nice addition to area! It took us about 40 min or so and we walked to entire lake. every step the lake seemed to grow larger and larger. We where shocked about the amount of people fishing. We even saw a few fish being caughtThe dogs loved it - everyone had their dogs on leashes. If I was pressed for ANY criticism: I found that many people had all their fishing gear scattered across the walk way rather then keeping it to the side or in the grass. People seemed friendly but not the type to strike a convo up with
5	Great place to take the dogs and get some exercise!!
3	Nice park....the clientele leaves something to be desired though....Skate park is 5 star, designed by Dyrdek, it's part of his safe spot foundation, which is reassuring.
4	I like to take my dog here for a walk on the weekends. It is a very nice walk around the lake. I was surprised the first time I went because the lake is HUGE, definitely bigger than I was expecting. The lake is stocked and you can fish and take home certain amounts of each type of fish. I saw someone's catfish they caught and it was huge! As someone mentioned there is often people fishing with there equipment and lines blocking the walkways. Also, most people are nice and friendly but there does seem to be some of the shadier variety of people at this park and certain parts of the lake have trash floating(but only a small portion). Just be sure to clean up after yourselves people!It is definitely a nice change to just walking your dog around your neighborhood!
4	This is actually a pretty nice park.  I was here recently for a birthday party on a Sunday and was impressed to see the expansive park, plenty of close parking, a nice water feature in the center, and plenty of shaded areas both for sitting or for laying down in the 'arizona' grass.I think this is a nice addition and nice feature to the S Phx/Laveen area and I hope they continue the maintenance of this place because it is an attractive place to get together with family and enjoy the few cool months we have left.
5	Great sunsets happening here daily!  I highly recommend it.
5	This park is huge, beautiful and full of stuff to do. My son loves the skate park and the sunsets are incredible!
4	Cesar Chavez Park is located a quick 20 minute drive from downtown Phoenix (up the I-10 exit 35th Ave).    It is a point of pride for South Phoenix as the home of the largest flat-land park in the City of Phoenix.  It has a 22-acre Lake stocked by Arizona Game and Fish four + times a year with Catfish, Trout, and other.It's an awesome location to host a party - with shaded pavilions, may shade trees, lots of open space, and a playground for little children.The lake has a 1 mile jogging path around the interior (1 1/2 mile if you also included the path around the island).  On weekends, you can find me walking my two dogs (leashed) around the park.   There is also a boat ramp and I've seen many take their kayaks and mini-sunfish sailboats in.  The park is also home to Aguila Golf course - one of the top municipal golf-courses in the country as rated by Golf Digest Magazine.  As a matter of fact, an online search yielded the same rating 4 as The Boulders, Legacy, and the JW Marriott Desert Ridge.Some reviews talk about it being trashed or that it is dangerous at night.    I will say, that after main occasions - Mother's Day and Easter and Community Events - the park is a mess.  But otherwise, I don't see huge issues with trash - especially since most parks I visit throughout Phoenix seem to have the same issues with timely trash pickup.   If I see anything out of the ordinary (i.e. graffiti or trash) I report it to the City of Phoenix and by the next day it is taken care of.Visit this gem. It's awesome!  We are lucky to live close enough to use the park a lot!
5	Best place here in baseline for:RunningWalkingBbqFishingBikingSkatingReviewingOr just chillinThe place has a library near it. Grab a nice book and read it in the park overlooking the lake where ducks are floating all over it. Theres plebty of shades, a place for kids to play, alot of spot to fish, a huge parking spot. Theres nothing more to add thus place is one of the scenic park here in phx. Hands down:)P.S When you get go walking bring something to drink the whole place is almost 2 miles. It also have a island where u it goes full circle. Other than that come and enjoy this great park
5	Crazy times here. The only thing worst then this park is the high school right next to it
4	Park is wonderful. It's always clean and inviting. Whether you see families at BBQ grills or little ones on the equipment, you feel comfortable.I like to bring dried bread-things for the geese and ducks. They are always happy I did...hahah.I also like to walk the lake and get in a mile around (marked on the ground).
