5	These guys are the best I have ever used!
2	I called Sherman's to get a quote - and he offered me a deal for $250 to do tile and grout cleaning and chem dry carpet cleaning on a 1200 square foot house. This is a great deal! The service technician was on time (early) and finished in under 2 hours. The tile looks fabulous! The carpet....not so much. It looks the same as before they came. I mentioned it to the service tech and he said that some of the dark spots would fade as it dried. I went back to the house the next day and the stains and dingy high traffic areas looked the same. I called Jason - the owner and told him about this. He quickly told me he would have the service tech contact me and abruptly ended our conversation. I never heard back from either one of them. I think the results of the carpet have to do with the chem dry method itself, not necessarily due to this company specifically. Still, I appreciate good customer service. Don't tell me you're going to have someone contact me and then drop the ball. You should be concerned about customer satisfaction and follow through.
1	This is the worst company ever, irresponsable and unfeeling for people's need.We called them to do our carpets two weeks in advance, we made an apointment for 10 oclcok. Jason, knew  we could  not be out  a long time, my wife is disabled and we have a dog. They di not even called or appeared. We spent more than 35 minutes, called them outside with all our furniture out in the yard  No one appeared, made us losse our day, my wife in awful pain.Unbelievable not even a phone call. People like this should not be in business
1	We had to wait 3 weeks to get back 3 of our carpets. Two were not cleaned at all. Our $2000 rug was damage. This is because when they were cleaning the rug, it started to become damaged. Only the damaged half of it was clean,  and they rolled up the rug. The clean side was lighter the unclean side. It took two weeks to get contact the place, in order to find out when our rugs going to be ready. When the owner drop off the rugs, we refused to pay for the service, Jason said "we did not have to pay anything" and drove off and did not even apologize.
