3	Chain hamburger joint.  Wide selection of burgers done well, accompanied by a basket of "endless" fries, and any burger can be replaced with a boca patty for a vegetarian option.Actually, really really good burgers.  On the minus side, service seems to be hit or miss, and you're looking at an $8 hamburger, plus drinks.
1	Horrible chain burger restaurant. Service is spotty and I completely disagree with the other comments that the burgers are good. I have been forced to eat here for work several times. It is not a good option considering the many good options in Pittsburgh for burgers.
2	Burgers are pricey and nothing special and the fries have been both hot and cold depending upon the batch. Service isn't great either.
4	Great service from Ron. Red Robin is our stand by food spot. This trip was better than most. The food is always good, but the service this trip put it over the top.  The burger is not the cheapest but compare the end product to other burger joints and it worth it.
3	A chain burger place. The burgers are pretty good actually.Get the strawberry lemonade concoction they brew up.  It's really good.It's just a standard good chain hamburger.Service is always prompt and seldom is this place crowded.
5	OMG, I love Red Robin!I'm usually not very into chain restaurants and I prefer to eat at small local businesses, but I was so happy when I moved here and saw that there's a Red Robin!I'm a vegetarian, and they substitute boca burgers on any of their burgers. The 'shroom burger is awesome! My roommate loves the Whisky River BBQ burger.We crave it. We're junkies. We constantly talk about how we need to get our next fix, nahhh.
3	Not too bad; I'd say its geared more towards kids, though.PROS:  Great Staff at all locations, every time that we've gone.Food is okay (not awesome, but good)Endless fries are always a win!Unique atmosphere, sort of retro diner-esque.CONS:It is just sandwiches, but really that's what the restaurant is (to call it a "con" is debatable and sort of unfair).Not sure if this is a pro or con, but its very kid-friendly and kid-oriented, IMOThe "salmon" burger was good (its actually pieces of salmon filet (not ground salmon patties), and I ordered some teriyaki sauce on the side--it was pretty darn tasty!The Roast Beef au jus Sandwich was pretty good too--loads of meat!
2	I can't imagine anyone rating this 5 stars.  Three maybe but five?This is a chain burger joint - and the burgers are about 10 bucks.  The staff was attentive.  The food not terrible. And they have "endless" fries.If you need to watch the calories -- watch out here.  They put mayo or some other sauce on all the burgers.Probably good for families with kids - if you have the $$$$.
3	Red Robin likes to portray itself as a casual dining family restaurant, but don't be fooled- the food is just as bad for you as any "Super Size Me" fast food joint. Disappointingly, there are virtually no healthy meal options at Red Robin, unlike many of its competitors.Burgers and salads all run around 1000+ Calories by default, NOT COUNTING the "bottomless fries" that are included with many meals. You can mitigate the damage, though. Be prepared to ask for no mayo or sauce if you order a burger, and be prepared to ask for the dressing on the side if you order a salad.
2	Not so much yummm.Been there twice, both times I was disappointed, actually the second time I was forced to go because I was outnumbered in a vote, but anyway. Service is so-so, fries are disgusting,  JB said his burger was 'alright', my quesdilla was ok. I really wasn't expecting much from Red Robin but...I don't even feel like finishing this review because I have nothing good to say.
4	Service (5/5) Our waitress was this really nice older lady with red/purple hair! She actually made the experience better. She was very talkative and gave some great suggestions. She was super honest which I appreciated because most waiters say they "love" everything on the menu. Food (4/5) The avocado burger was good but it wasn't the best burger I ever had. It had this hint of spice that I really liked. I would probably go back but I would get the hot wings instead.
2	Oh Red Robin, where do I start?It's not going to be with the long wait time and long line to get in -- no, I went on a Saturday night and that's to be expected at the Waterfront.  It's not going to be about the bar seating where the tables are crammed so closely together that the guy sitting next to us invited himself into our conversation.  (He was really quite friendly although it was a BIT awkward...)No, no, no.I'm going to complain about the poor, slow service, the cold food, and the lack of any type of regret or apology on the part of the restaurant staff.  We found a seat in the bar section of the restaurant and took a seat.  Our waitress took our drink orders promptly and our drinks came fairly quickly.  That's about where anything positive about the experience ended.We both ordered burgers, nothing fancy, no special orders.I am aware that it was busy and that this might have slowed things down a bit, but REALLY?  We waited 45 minutes from the time we ordered until our burgers arrived.  Where in the heck does it take 45 minutes to cook a burger and slap it on a bun?  After about 25 minutes, our waitress came by and asked if we needed anything and told us our food would be out soon.  10 minutes later, all of the tables around us (including TWO tables that were seated after we were) had been served and we still had no food. My friend finally went and asked a manager what the holdup was and was told that he would look into it.  Another 10 minutes went by and he brought our food to our table (finally).  No explanation about why it took so long.  No apology.By the time our food came, we were short on time and practically inhaled our burgers.  The burgers were cool and tasteless -- now maybe we felt they were tasteless because we had to eat so fast that it was like we couldn't even enjoy them...   You would expect that after waiting 45 minutes for a burger and fries that the least they could do is serve it warm...We didn't end up paying for the burgers, they took them off our check after we complained a second time.  But no one apologized, seemed sorry in the slightest.  I would much rather have paid for my burger and had it arrive warm and promptly...So.  Red Robin, even in the face of a free burger, you still stink.  I won't be returning.
2	Went here for lunch today. What we sampled: The Onion Ring Tower (delicious I really liked the campfire sauce) Prime Chophouse Burger (decent, but overall meh as yelp would put it)Steak Fries (I usually hate steak fries to I will say these were great) Overall it was decent for lunch, but I don't love chains so I would rather go somewhere else.
3	It's a Red Robin...typical chain restaurant.  On a Saturday night in the Waterfront area, this was the only restaurant with less than a 2 hour wait.  I was a bit weary of that fact, but we were seated within 20 min and the service was great.  They just added a few menu items and their happy hour prices are CHEAP!!!!  I loved the new shrimp taco's and with a Blue Moon - I was happy!
4	The times I have been here I was impressed at the food and service in comparison to a Red Robin I had visited several years ago. We were seated quickly and taken care of by the wait staff.I had the Prime Chophouse Burger and the Burnin' Love Burger on two separate occasions. My food came out hot, fresh, and cooked to my liking. The fries were all newly made. Because it is a chain, you know going in that you won't be gettin extravagant food, but for a burger & fries kind of meal there are a lot of choices, many of which are good.
3	What I like about Red Robin is that it's consistent. I love the unlimited strawberry lemonade and french fries. They have recently added certain new burgers and it seems they're trying to bring more people in. That's fine and the burger was just average. The beers are typically domestic and there's not a ton of variety. They have lots of frou frou drinks if you like that sort of thing and it's good for kids, including a kid menu and balloons. This location is just ok, but also gets really busy since it's next to the move theatre.
2	My Partner In Cuisine and I do our best to avoid corporate food, but him being a burger expert (i.e. snob) I convinced him to give the place a go.  I had been there on numerous occasions and enjoyed their variety of burgers and unlimited steak fries.  Unfortunately, I suffered a rather embarrassing moment when we were told that the kitchen will not cook a burger rare.  I know better than to ever suggest a corporate restaurant to the PIC again!  Despite this, we had some decent service and our burgers were pretty good.  After much discussion, we determined that it's not really the burgers that makes Red Robin good, it's the toppings.  Simply said, the meat can't stand alone.  Without being slathered in cheese, jalapenos, barbecue sauce, or whatever, the burgers are nothing more than overcooked hockey pucks.  Would I eat there again?  It's likely I would go with someone who has less discriminating taste buds.  Would I take PIC?  Hell no!
4	This is the one of the only restaurants we go to that my kids like and at which I also feel satisfied eating.  My five and seven year olds love it here.The burgers are very tasty with a lot of variety.  But more importantly they also offer salads and other good healthy alternatives like vegetarian and turkey burgers.  And they taste good!  You can also get fruit salad instead of fries.It is a clean, attractive place with what appears to be a full bar (though I haven't partaken of the alcohol here myself.)My daughter loves the dancing robin that appears here periodically.  You don't find a dancing robin just anywhere.
1	Fact: The phrase "Gourmet Burgers" is in the name of this place.Fact: They refuse to cook a burger rare or medium rare.Opinion: That is (or at least should be) an actionable level of false advertising.Opinion: Nothing else was that good either.The menu does look delicious with lots of options.  But to quote a former President of the United States, "fool me once, shame on -- shame on you. Fool me -- you can't get fooled again."
2	If you like non gourmet burgers not cooked to order, and bottomless cold French fries, then come on down!  Oh, stay clear of the guacamole, which looks and tastes more like the gunk in the filter of a pool than guacamole. To their credit, they did take half off of our bill after complaining. The waitress was very nice.
2	I haven't been to a Red Robin since living in Anchorage. That was over twenty years ago; I was rather young. While I didn't remember the flavors, I did remember my experience fondly. This goes to show that memories as a child can be skewed somewhat. The interior decor is an over-the-top tchotchky reminiscent of a restaurant one might find at a theme park, i.e. Disney World.  On the meal for this visit:Clam chowderPrime Rib SandwichFrench Onion SoupChicken Pesto PastaI am a very big fan of foods that are layered, but in RR's case I must make an exception. When that layering includes being overseasoned and lacking flavor something is wrong. The people people cooking the meals must not like the flavor of the base ingredients with as much seasoning salt as they use. I was dehydrated for quite some time after having finished my meal. I really don't understand how I could have liked this restaurant as a child, especially considering I can get better tasting items out of a can or the freezer. Stouffers makes a better chicken pesto pasta at a much lower price. There are just too many other better restaurants in the area to consider returning.
2	Not impressed. in all fairness, i didn't get a burger, because i had just had one that day and it wasnt my choice to go there.. i had ava"cobb"o salad, my wife had a bbq grilled chicken sand, and my daughter had a turkey burger. all of which were pretty bad. my salad was very soggy, there was about and 8th of an avacado on it, and it was just all around bad. the chicken sandwich was dry, the breast needed pounded a little before grilling because it was huge in the middle and thin on the ends.. bland. the bbq sauce was good at least! the onion straws were soggy and sooo salty. horrible. the turkey burger was the worst by far. i mean i dont even know what they did to make it so disgusting but it was absolutely nasty. i remember going here 5 or so years ago and thinking the burgers were pretty good, so i would suggest getting a burger. dont you dare get anything else! service was pretty good at least.. drinks are good too.. if you could give a place 2.5 stars id go with that.. and for the guy that says the turkey burgers are good, dont take his word for it, a lot of people think edible=good
3	While the Waterfront is a bit out of my way, since it has the theater that's closest to a number of friends, I'm often in the area; my friends are also major Red Robin fans, so I've found myself eating dinner here multiple times before our movie.To be honest, it's certainly not my favorite place in the world, mostly because my biggest pet peeve with Red Robin is their inability to put together some decent low-calorie options. Not only are the burgers oversized and/or glazed in some sort of dressing or sauce, all of their appetizers are fried (except for the hummus plate), which is very aggravating to me and further proves that this chain has no interest in catering even a little to those of us who worry about our waistlines. The only low-calorie item I know of is their skinny margarita, which really doesn't make much of a difference in my calorie intake once the rest of a meal is added in. So that's a big drawback for me.Still, high calorie content or not, I'm a fan of a good burger, and Red Robin can make a darn good burger in my experience. Even when I've just shared a meal or nibbled on an appetizer (yes, the same appetizers I complained about earlier - it's a love-hate relationship) I've been satisfied with the taste and quality of the food.I've especially been impressed with the servers, who really take the time to check on the table whenever I'm there and to keep us posted on the state of our food in the kitchen (which is very appreciated during the dinner rush, a time of day when any customer can feel forgotten and aggravated).I guess I have to accept that Red Robin is a place I can love and hate all at the same time - it's delicious even when its high calorie dishes infuriate and frustrate me. I'm sure I'll be here again, and, as always, will end up giving in and eating one of their delicious burgers, even if the things are just too much food for little old me. What can I say?
2	Unlimited fries is a phrase that should make you start asking questions.Typically when a restaurant offers any food item as "never ending" you should probably use better judgement and steer clear of it.  Welp, I didn't, thus I failed.  Red Robin is a chain place that claims to have amazing burgers and infinite fries.  The fries are almost soggy steak fries that don't pair well with the burgers.  They tasted as if they've been sitting under a warming lamp and I didn't ask for a fill up.  The burgers were okay, but neither of ours were cooked the way we wanted.  I asked for Medium it was medium well.  My wife asked for well and it was medium well.  I bet the cook just cooks everything to medium well.  Good for him.....I really don't know what else to say.  Might be a nice gimmicky place if you have kids, but really not worth it at all.
3	This is a pretty good burger place. They have a lot of options for toppings which is nice. Their French Dip sandwich is also very good. But I mostly enjoy the steak fries. These are my favorite type and RR gives you free refills on fries. A little RR seasoning on them and they are even better. Our main issue is that the service can be hit or miss. Sometimes the service is great and we get our food fast and fresh. Other times we wait forever for our food and rarely see our server. Strangely it doesn't seem to matter if they are busy or not. I'll keep coming back and roll the dice on service.
3	Normally, when I'm looking for a burger or in my case a veggie burger or portobello mushroom cap I'll hit up BRGR or Burgatory. Sometime though if at the waterfront I'll stop at Red Robin, mainly for the freckled lemon aid. On a recent visit I decided to try their veggie burger, I ordered it with lettuce, onion and pickles. I had a hard time deciding if this was a Morning Star Farms offering or house made. If it was a frozen patty, shame on them. True burger joints need to show the vegans and vegetarians that Red Robin wants their business and should make an in house patty. The waiter could not answer my question regarding to my inquiring if their meatless burger was house made or frozen. It wasn't bad though. In my pre- vegan days I loved the monster burger and endless fries. For a chain Red Robin isn't bad, I still frequent the indie places just for the fact they're local owners and they have a better product.
3	Red Robin is a good, solid choice if shopping in the Waterfront and in need of a place to grab a bite. Generally, there is no wait for food. At the longest, my husband and I recently had to wait 5 minutes for Sunday lunch. Both waitress service and food delivery are also pretty prompt. I often order the fried cod filets with either the fries, mac and cheese, or a Caesar salad on the side. I think that the food I receive is worth the $12 price tag.
3	I'm a fan of this place, but something is lacking here.  Like they left something decline here.  The service is so-so, and the food is sub par.  To me, it seems like they haven't cleaned off the grill or something.  Evey thing seems to be filled with tons of grease now.I use to love the bottomless fries, but not so much anymore.  That says something coming from a potato lover.  It's like this place feel into a rut and cannot get out.  Like they became too comfortable in what they do and just decided one day that what they do will remain the same and people's attitudes won't change.I do give you big props on the now endless root beer float.  But my burger was kind of blah.  I ordered the Royal Red Robin and thought it'll be great.  I've had it before, and this time I was so underwhelmed I could have stopped on my way home at a fast food joint and been more satisfied.  The egg reminded me of a plastic one you see in a kids toy set.  I'm sure if I were to have dropped it, it would have bounce.  The bacon was undercooked and so chewy that I pulled it off the burger and discarded it.  Even the tomato on the burger was making me want to gag.I remember when the place first opened and I was one of their first customers.  It was pretty amazing and dazzling to be inside, but now I feel like this place has turned into Chuck E Cheese for adults...it's lost its luster.
4	We go to Red Robin once in a while; the food and service have always been pretty consistent. It's nothing fancy but the food has always been good enough for me. We went last week with our toddler and the food was good as usual, but we had standout excellent service. Our server was so incredibly friendly and went out of his way to make our experience a good one, I was very impressed. It's definitely a good place for families; they have a decent kid's menu with both healthy (apple slices, oranges, salad, grilled chicken) and indulgent (corn dog, pizza, fries) choices, and they hand out crayons and a coloring sheet, so that's a plus in my book. And I do love me some freckled lemonade!Are the burgers as good as, say, Burgatory? Hell no. But if you get a gift card or have family (like I do) that are sometimes scared of non-chain restaurants, I can definitely recommend this place.
1	Has just reached "never again" status. The place is dangerously filthy and the service is worse.We waited 30 minutes just to pay our bill.
3	Red tavern burger and bottomless fries with a side of ranch, tavern sauce and $3 drafts please! only thing I would recommend is cleaner bathroom I've been there during the week and on the weekends too and every time the bathroom is horrendous!
2	Very slow to get service here 15min. For drinks 35min. For food. And they weren't even packed there were some empty tables. Just not enough staffing. But food was good just be prepared to wait.
3	I love me a Whiskey River BBQ Burger OR a Banzai Burger!  I also like the BBQ Chicken Wrap if you want to eat light.  This place is all about time of day.  Go in the afternoon during the week for lunch.  Usually the service is good between open and dinner and the food is really made with care from not being rushed.  It's not bad at night but with anyplace, you're taking your chances with so many people.A burger is $10 but, unlimited fries and drink water (you're about to eat a lot of calories) and two people can have a nice lunch for about $30 with a decent tip.  If Burgatory has too long of a wait, go here before your movie.  Thank me later.YUMMM!
1	I have to say that Red Robin is really dropping the ball. You would think they would step up their game now that Burgertory has opened so close to them, but the service was pretty awful. Appetizer arrived after the burgers, burgers were over cooked.  Although we mentioned this, no manager visited our table, nor did we ever see a manager during our visit. Was the restaurant busy? No... There were maybe 5 tables seated, Burgertory on the other hand had a half hour wait.... Next time we will wait for Burgertory...
3	I enjoy coming here occasionally for a good burger. For me the burgers have been really yummy every time I visited. I like that there are lots of different options, however I always end up getting the royal or banzai. I'm not sure that the burgers are exactly worth the $10+ but I've never been disappointed with the taste of the food. One complaint I have about my last visit was the burger I got had bacon listed as a topping. Usually when you see this you'd think you'd at least get 2 or 3 pieces, however my burger only had one tiny piece of bacon on it and barely any lettuce, but I didn't complain because I was hungry and it still tasted great. I'd also like to say service is hit or miss here. Sometimes it's really great, other times it takes a really long time for servers to return to refill your drink or bring your bill or what have you. I also find it really weird how there always seems to be a ten minute wait for a seat even when the majority of tables are empty. I'm guessing they are understaffed.I'll keep coming back because I love the burgers!
4	If you're looking for a place to grab a quick drink and a burger, you shouldn't be disappointed. While not nearly my favorite burger place in Pittsburgh, it's quick and easy and the food is generally dependable. Some go-to staples for me are the Whiskey River bbq chicken wrap, the turkey burger, and the classic burger with cheddar. I don't go for any of the goopy sauces here, but there are several to choose from. The steak fries are always hot and tasty, and they are all-you-can-eat. Sometimes you just need all-you-can-eat fries!I really enjoy the flavored iced teas they offer as well. You can get sugar free or regular raspberry, peach, or pomegranata added to your black iced tea (Gold Peak). It's a really yummy option. I also enjoy the freckled lemonade with strawberries. Yum!Stop in if you're looking for a quick burger and hot fries.
5	They were really crowded, but we still got seated in a little under the 10 mins wait they said we'd have.  The waitress was really good, kept checking up on us (despite how busy they were), refilled our drinks multiple times, etc.   Been here 8-10 times over the last 2 years or so, plan to keep returning.
4	Who doesn't like Red Robin?  What's not to like about this place?  They have an expansive list of specialty burgers, the service is always reasonably attentive, and endless fries.I like the Bonzai burger and order a side of campfire sauce for the fries.  It's delicious.People say I'm crazy, but I prefer Red Robin to BRGR and even Burgatory.
4	It's been at least a year since the last time I was at a Red Robin, so it was practically like going in for the first time after so long. The service was excellent. Our server was very quick, friendly, and genuine. God bless anyone working at a service job at the Waterfront during the holiday season that can even fake a friendly attitude, much less be genuinely sweet. It was refreshing (not that I even can blame the grumpy servers at this time of year). Our food also came out unbelievably, especially for a burger place. It usually feels like forever for your food to come out at a place like this because you have to wait for all the burgers to be cooked just right. I honestly didn't even believe it was our food. If you don't know, Red Robin is known for its burger selection. They've got a lot of interesting choices that include chicken and vegetarian options. I got the Chili Chili Cheese Burger. It's no secret that I love pretty much chili cheese anything. I asked for no pink in the middle. The burger was cooked perfectly. It wasn't overdone, but there was no pink. It was tender and flavorful. On the burger was chili and cheddar cheese (obviously), raw red onions (which I could have done without. They didn't add much flavor, and the chunks were a little big so it added a weird crunch to the burger. I'm also not a huge fan of raw onions. So I may be biased), and a chipotle sauce. The burger was much spicier than I anticipated. It wasn't an overwhelming heat. It was more of a flavorful warmth. Though, be warned, if you don't do well even with mild-medium heat, I'd stay away from this one. The burger was around $11, but I definitely think it was worth the $11. Red Robin serves bottomless steak fries with all of their dishes. The fries were also cooked perfectly. They were warm and golden, but not overly crispy...or even worse, limp. Our server was wonderful and frequently checked if we wanted more fries. This isn't the kind of place I'm dying to go back to. I wouldn't say it's anything special considering it's just another burger chain, but they do what they do well. They're fast, friendly, efficient, and prepare their food well. It's definitely a good experience! Though generally I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, I'm sure I'll be back when the craving monster strikes.
1	First let me state that we like Red Robin and go there a lot.  But the last few times, that is another story.Our last visit was about a week ago.  The service was horrible.  Food was not cooked right and everything was just confused.  It turned out the manager did comp most of the food and gave us free appetizers on our next visit to make us happy, but I think we will try another location in the future.  There were five unhappy customers. Janine, the server, should find a new line of work. It is rare that we do not tip 20%, but all of us agreed and left nothing.
4	I enjoyed a dinner out at the Waterfront Red Robin. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger which was okay, not great. What I really found disappointing was the chicken tortilla soup.  It seems that at a restaurant that has this soup is either really good or really bad. There is no in between. The service was great and the atmosphere was fun. I would very likely return to this Red Robin.
