4	Finding something different amongst the hundreds of chinese, indian or italian restaurants in Edinburgh can be a challange - however, located near the city's university, Namaste Kathmandu may just be the place you were looking for.Specialising in both Indian and Neplaese dishes, there is no chance of you not finding something you want to try on either the main or lunch time menu's - or at least, thats what I found! The Daal which I ended up settling for way fantastically presented, and thankfully tasted as good as it looked! With a large dining area, as well as a private function room (for up to thirty guests), Kathmandu is a great place for a different night out.
3	Looking for something to eat around downtown Edinburgh we found this Nepalese place among Pubs and food chains. Good warm food, at reasonable prices. I had a mild chicken order and didn't get disappointed . When you there order the Nepalese section of the menu as the Indian part you can find anywhere else
5	I really love Indian food, and there's nothing like that feeling of culinary satisfaction when you're presented with an awesomely tasty meal, with the perfect mixture of flavours and spice levels you require for your fusspot palate. Namaste offers up all of these delightful factors for your consumption, plus the food looks great when it's presented, with the traditional brass looking bowls and serving spoons. This is well above average Indian cuisine, and really reasonably priced considering that fact. I love the Karahi dishes, and the classic Rogan Josh, but there are a range of both Indian and Nepalese dishes to select from.The staff at Namaste are super friendly and accomodating, and there's a fair amount of seating room, although you might have to book ahead at weekends. The interior, although nothing super fashionable or over the top, is comfortable and feels welcoming. You're also minimal steps away from various Grassmarket drinking joints if you fancy imbibing a few after dinner.
4	I first ate at Namaste Kathmandu several months ago with friends as we thought it was a Japanese restaurant with it being called 'Namaste', and so we were quite confused when it materialised that this is an Indian and Nepalese place. Oh well, it was still a delicious meal.Situated just around the corner from the main University Campus George Square, Namaste Kathmandu is a convenient place to reach and would be a great place to go for dinner or lunch. Namaste Katmandu's menu offers a selection of authentic Nepalese and Indian dishes including dumplings and curry's, and their menu is split into Nepalese and Indian meals so you know what type of curry you are ordering. I had a Nepalese vegetarian soup to start which was really tasty and clearly made with fresh ingredients. For my main, I ordered the Fish Tikka Curry, which was marinated sword fish and it was tasted really amazing, full of flavour and super fresh - yum! They have a huge selection of vegetarian dishes on the menu so there is something for everyone. It is also pointed out on the menu which curry's are mild and which are hot, which is incredibly handy and means you won't get your head blown off with an unexpected chili. The prices are really reasonable at Namaste Kathmandu, with most main dishes priced at round eight pounds.  A lovely place to go for gorgeous tasting food.
5	Namaste Kathmandu serves excellent Nepalese and Indian food.  The combination of these two similar cuisines makes for a more interesting experience and you can compare where the two types of food differ.  I've not eaten much Nepalese food so I went for the Bhute Ko Kukhura which was chicken marinated in a whole range of spices.  My mate went for the fish Tikka which looked delicious and creamy.  Our meals seemed to take no time to arrive and tasted great when they did.  My chicken was pretty spicy, but it also had an amazing range of flavours and the chicken was as tender as I've tasted.Our meals, along with some boiled rice, cost less than a tenner which was a brilliant deal considering the quality and portion sizes of the food.  We'll hopefully be here again.
3	I went here with a friend on arriving in Edinburgh and I'm not sure where it's because I had such a wonderful experience at the amazing Gurkha's Diner in Balham but I was unfortunately left a little underwhelmed.The food was good. I had the Pudini Chicken and my friend had the Lamb Palak. Unfortunately they got confused with our dishes and announced them incorrectly so we ended up with the wrong dishes. However, we'd intented to share anyway so no bother really but coupled with the fact that they brought us the wrong side dishes, it wasn't so good!I always appreciate attentive service in a restaurant but here it was a little too much for me. To check once, maybe twice, during a meal is usually enough. However, our waiters checked in with us five times and just made me feel a little under pressure. My friend was performing in a show a little later on so we decided to only have a glass of wine each (I like to drink but didn't think the best part of a bottle of wine on my own after a 5 hour train journey was the best idea!) However, the waiter almost told us off for not purchasing a whole bottle which was a little off-putting!There's a good choice of food on offer with both Nepalese and Indian dishes and all the food tasted great and is good value for money. It's just a shame the service lets it down a little.
3	The food here was good - bhindi was flavourful, mango lassi was just the right consistency, papamdums and rice were good accompaniments. That aside, I found the service here was a bit poor and inattentive- it took us 20 minutes to get the bill and I found that our waiter constantly trying to upsell us on everything from beer to appetizers. Felt like eating at a used car lot.
1	I have experienced a LOT better than this, and a lot cheaper too. Our food was lukewarm and lacking in meat, especially for the price paid. I'd avoid like the plague, to be honest.
5	One of my favorite restaurant in the world ! Best Nepalese/Hymalayan I ve tried so far !Just beware of spicy level, it's very different from indian cusineIf you don't spice a bit it is a bit too sweetLike the decor a lot !
4	I went here while reuniting with a group of friends I met originally in Nepal and this was a wonderful place for dinner. I know most folks visiting Edinburgh will likely be more interested in trying Haggis for the first time or going on a whiskey tasting adventure (make sure you try some Lagavulin), but once you've done all of that, you should really have dinner here at Namaste Kathmandu.The Momos were delicious, as were the Mango Lassi, but the main courses were the real treat. I don't specifically remember all of the dishes we enjoyed (they were all vegetarian), but I can tell you we have a number of them and ate family style (always the best way to go because you get to enjoy much more than a single menu item).So if you find yourself touring through Scotland, or if you're fortunate enough to call the beautiful city of Edinburgh home, then this is definitely a worthwhile place to eat!
