4	I would argue that uptown Charlotte is fairly limited in its range of lunch time options, so it was a great change for my buddies and I to try something new like Uncle Maddio's Pizza Joint. I'll point out that the culinary competition is rather low in the overstreet mall considering the only three restaurants next to Maddio's are Chick Fil A, Salsarita's and Just Fresh (all equally mediocre). "How Do You Roll" lasted a couple of months here, but its presence dissipated in a matter of days once people realized their "sushi" was 98% rice and ridiculously overpriced. On the other hand, Maddio's deserves to be in a class of its own because Fast Casual restaurants are hard to find around here (you pretty much just have Noodles & Co., Chipotle, Jason's Deli and Vappiano's... and that's like all Charlotte has to offer in this segment). Maddio's showcased item is of course, its pizza and I'll admit that I was pleasantly surprised. I'm a huge fan of thin crust pizza, and having just come back from Milan, I'm always searching (perhaps in vain) for that same delicious and savory crunch I experienced there. Nevertheless, my favorite part of a pizza is its tomato sauce and I really liked the version they have here. You can smell fresh garlic and perhaps some basil? It's also not too watery or dry. There are other sauces I have yet to try... I was eyeing the "tomato bbq". As far as pizza crusts go, this one is certainly acceptable. It's very crisp and holds its shape when you pick up a slice. I do like this pizza much better than Vappiano's which a bit more doughy and its tomato sauce tends to be over salted. Disclaimer: You can't expect pizza at a fast casual joint like this to be as good as a wood-fired pizza from your favorite Italian restaurant because, let's be real, you wouldn't be able to churn something like that out with the same efficiency that they have here. I only waited 5-6 minutes for my pizza to arrive steaming hot to my table (I tried the spicy Italian on traditional crust - you could also go for the wheat option). For what it is (a  $7 - $8 individual pizza), you'll find yourself eating every last slice. Toppings are varied and fairly good quality - you can even create your own pizza. I like that you can see your pizza being made through the glass window, so you know exactly what you're about to eat. The salad we ordered paled in comparison to the pizza and some of the sandwich options I saw at people's tables, but that could just be because they stuck to a simple salad menu with generic dressings that every other restaurant has. I think I'll just stick to pizzas when I come here. There are lots of options for everyone and if you have that "I've tried one pizza, I've tried them all" mentality, Uncle Maddio's just might make you rethink that philosophy. 4/5
3	The newest addition to uptown decided to make their opening 'free pizza' day....which was fine by me since I love anything free:-).  The staff was very energetic and worked pretty fast despite the opening crowd. I ordered a wheat crust pizza with garlic infused olive oil, spinach, mushrooms, and tomatoes.  The veggie toppings are endless and all garden fresh. The crust is thin and crisp, but lacks in flavor.  Overall a good pizza but I think I may opt for a salad on my next visit.
4	I love pizza first off. The uptown area does not offer that many pizza options IMO, so at times I'm wandering into other 'hoods for pizza. Uncle Maddio's is the latest food option at Overstreet Mall (a very bland building to me). It's unique because you can see your pizza being built in front of you. Within ten minutes, your order arrives ready to be consumed. Staff is very friendly. It's worth checking out.
4	I used to frequent this place in Atlanta a lot and now they are here in Charlotte!Their wheat crust is a-mazing! I usually just throw out the edges but this one I savored all the way. Also, their ingredients are fresh. Caramelized onions are my personal favorite.For those of you with a sweet tooth, their chocolate chip cookies are delicious. They alo have a Coca Cola cake, which looks good, maybe I'll try it one of these days.They are in the Bank of America building, next to Chic-fil-A and opposite Salsarita's.PS: If you "like" them on Facebook in the shop, you get a 9" pizza with 3 toppings free.
4	I've been there twice. The first time I had the Maddio's House salad.  It was a fresh, good sized salad, and it came with some flatbread, which was decent. The second time I ordered the individual Jamaican Jerk signature pizza (I posted a pic), and it was quite tasty!  It can take a while to get your food order, but it's expected as Maddio's is new and quite popular with the Uptown lunchtime crowds. I will definitely be back!
4	I give Uncle Maddio's 5 Stars for concept and execution and an A-OK for the pizza for a solid 4 star total. The decor is bright and cheerful and the whole assembly line fashion with which they run through the line, have you order and pay is impressive. Everyone I came in contact with through the process was friendly and helpful. The pizza itself offers a great variety of toppings, sauces as well as three crust options. There are also plenty of gluten free choices. For me the toppings went from pepperoni (nothing special) to meatballs (good) to (carmelized onions (good to have the choice and they tasted good). The just meh parts were the tomato basil sauce which was much too sweet for my taste buds and the crust which is nice and thin and crispy but lacks that chew that great thin crust should have. I also got a side Caesar Salad and while a little small for $2.99, it was good with homemade dressing. All in all, Uncle Maddio's is a decent new lunch option Uptown that should have some staying power.
2	Ordered the BBQ chicken pizza during my 1st visit for lunch. It was ok. Unfortunately the server was rude when I ask for to-go box and directed to go get the paper to-go plate myself at the self serve area even though I just witness her gave a box to another patron.
5	Extremely happy with my visit to Uncle Maddio's in the Overstreet Mall.  The line can be a little long during the lunch rush, but what place in Overstreet isn't?  I thought it moved quick enough that I wasn't pressed for time during a "normal" lunch break.Love the options you have for the pizza.  I did a wheat crust (also has regular and gluten free), then got to pick my own sauce and toppings.  Price isn't too bad for a personal pizza made fresh for lunch.Could use some more seating to the intense lunch rush, but other than that I didn't have anything negative to say about it. Also, if you like their facebook page you can get a coupon for a free pizza with three toppings.
5	Fourth time at Maddio's and still loving it!  Everything is fresh and the staff members are very pleasant.  Although the line is long and can seem intimidating, it goes by pretty quick.  Total time is about 10-12 minutes.  Not bad for great and fresh pizza!  At Maddio's you don't have to wonder how long the pies have been sitting on the counter or how many times it's been warmed up! It's made fresh every time.  Other positive notes:- The pesto sauce (instead of traditional tomato sauce) is amazing! I love the option of different sauces.  There's something for everyone. - A woman behind me ordered a gluten-free pizza so the dough handler made sure he changed his gloves before handling her pizza! Very considerate of cross-contamination for gluten sensitive customers.- Crispy thin crust that holds up with every bite. And as always, it's "made with lots of love"!
4	Ordered my Spicy Italian pizza with green pepper instead of banana peppers (Cannot eat them) - Check. Watched them make the pizza correctly - Check. Payed for my pizza - Check. Realized I had waited for over 20 minutes when some kind of veggie with mayo pizza is brought out to me. I return to the register where I explain what I had ordered and the girl turns and shouts "Here's the Spicy!". Another worker grabs a box from on top of the oven (No longer hot) and switches it with mine. But wait - This one has banana peppers, not even the one I watched being prepared. They now want to remake a pizza for me. I opted for a refund and ended up with a quick Big Mac in order to make it back to my office for a meeting. I understand mistakes, but the situation was handled so very nonchalantly.No doubt the food is (smelled) good and I may try it again but I'll keep a closer eye on them to thwart a screw-up.UPDATE - I gave them a second and third try and both times they were spot-on. The ingredients are balanced out nicely with a nice, crisp crust. I did try the eggplant on my last visit and wonder why they wouldn't warm it up if not make it fresh? It was rather soggy so I'd pass on that. Otherwise, worth a visit.
3	I was really surprised at how good this place is.  Especially for being in a food court type area, and they have lots of seating.  They offer made to order pizzas where you see them cutting up the dough in front of you, and you get to select your fresh toppings, before they place in the over and then deliver to your table.  The individual pizza is perfect size for lunch and you can choose between 3 different crust types (original, wheat or gluten free).  The staff are super friendly staff too.  I would give them more stars, but as you can see in my other reviews, I really am a pizza connoisseur.
4	Finally got around to trying this new joint in the Bank of America Overstreet Mall. I'd been avoiding it due to long lines and limited lunch time, but took a risk with a friend and I'm glad I did. The format allows you to customize your own personal pizza. Their menu offers a variety of pizza suggestions/options with a selection of crusts. I went with the basic white crust, topped with a good tomato sauce, cheese, meatballs, mushrooms and banana peppers. I could have selected from a large variety of toppings. Next time, I'm definitely trying the eggplant - it looked excellent. I was pleasantly surprised to discover their claim of 6 minutes from order to table was accurate. I love thin crust pizzas, and this had a nice, crispy thin crust. My friend ordered the chicken salad salad (she'd been there the day before for pizza). The salad was a generous size and had lots of tasty stuff in it. The chicken salad had big chunks of chicken in a nicely herbacious dressing.I wish they had more seating and the lines were shorter, but I will be back.
4	Decided to check it out on the recommendation of a colleague. The service was pretty quick and friendly, and the pizza I ordered (the can make one with gluten-free crust) was quite tasty. Hope to try one of their salads next time. Was also nice too when I went to take my plate to the trash, a manager went ahead and did so for me. Great little place (and many steps above the Sbarro that used to be there).
4	Finally checked this place out for lunch today and I was impressed. Plenty of fresh toppings to choose from, a few dough options, and quick service put this place near the top of my lunch spots.I was boring and went with a plain pepperoni; delicious, but looking forward to my next trip to load up on toppings. Little under $10 for a small pizza and a soft drink.
4	I love me some pizza! and this place is definitely a go to place for cheap and quick pizza.  I have been here about 5 times and the pizza has never disappointed me! I love this place because you can create your own pizza right in front of you!  They also have and amazing preset specialty menu with a wide variety of styles and tastes. The only negative is I tried a panini style chicken salad sandwich, and it was a bit of a disappointment.  I would be cautious of getting their sandwiches but I probably just chose a bad sandwich.  Anyways this place is amazing for pizza, and I will be back very frequently! Enjoy!
3	Uncle Maddio's is located in Uptown Charlotte in the Overstreet Mall. They have thin crust pizzas that are made while you wait, and because they are thin they don't take terribly long; probably about 15mins from time of order. I have had their Big Max, which is basically the meat lovers and the steak and bleu, which is stellar. 9" (smallest) Max is great for leftovers, but the bleu probably won't reheat well. Bleu has mozzarella, bleu cheese, steak bits, and balsamic glaze. It's a fabulous combo I probably would not have tried were it not for the glowing recommendation from a friend. The bleu is not overpowering and just adds a little bit of extra flavor here and there. You can also get white or wheat crusts. Yum!
5	The Overstreet Mall is packed with food vendors.  And if you are allergic to gluten, as I am, it is relatively easy to find something to eat.  Before I was diagnosed with my allergies, I used to be a huge fan of pizza.  These days, regular pizza is off limits and I am left to search for gluten-free options.  When I found out that Uncle Maddio's offers gluten-free choices, I was very happy and went straight there.  Pizza: the crust was pre-made; I was afraid it would be too dry, but at the end it was thin and crunchy; the sauce was too sweet for my taste; veggies and cheese were fresh - overall, it was a very good dish.  Service: OUTSTANDING!  As soon as I mentioned that I want a gluten-free crust, the man taking my order removed the gloves he wore and put on a new pair to avoid cross-contamination, which tells me that the owners of this place have done a great job of educating the staff about dangers of cross-contamination.  P.S. They offered gluten-free desert as well - it was peanut butter/coconut bar - it was loaded with sugar, and I am not a huge fan of peanut butter in the first place, but when your choices are that much limited, you can try this for a change.
5	I just visited Uncle Maddios for the first time and I am very pleased. There gluten-free pizza is delicious! You never think you'll enjoy good pizza again when you are told to go gluten-free, but here you can enjoy safe gluten-free fast pizza with local ingredients. I ordered a GF pizza and the employee immediately changed his gloves for me (I always feel weird asking and here I didn't have to), he called out that there was an allergy coming down the line, and got my sauce from what looked to be a different container and ladle so no cross contamination!I will definitely be back, and bringing friends.
5	A star among the otherwise limited options available in the Overstreet Mall, Uncle Maddio's serves delicious pizza, at a decent price, quickly and with a smile.Pizzas, sandwiches and salads are made to order right out in front of customers so you can see everything that's going on. Maddios uses a modern conveyor style oven for their pizzas, so once yours is on the belt it's probably 8-10 minutes before it's coming out, piping hot and then straight to you.I tried the Steak & Blue pizza on my first visit, and it was so delicious I haven't been able to convince myself to order anything different on subsequent visits. You have a choice of white, wheat or gluten free crusts. Some people might get a little nervous about Blue Cheese on a pizza, but it's not overpowering and the balsamic glaze drizzled on after the pizza comes out of the oven creates a perfect flavor profile.The line forms quickly at lunch, and for good reason. From my desk in a nearby office building to Maddios and back with my carryout order it takes roughly 20 or so minutes, which gives me plenty of time to enjoy my pizza before my next meeting.The staff is incredibly friendly and efficient. They move fast and they have smiles on their faces. I've never seen a sullen person working at Uncle Maddios. The only downside is that the restaurant gets very crowded and there is almost never a table available, but I can't really fault the restaurant for being so popular.
5	Love this place.... Great pizza and love the gluten free crust....Only thing I would change was to add the nutritional values
4	Tried Maddio's Pizza Joint last week on a whim.  This location was originally an Einstein Bros. Bagel place and I consider Maddio's to be an upgrade.Maddio's is packed during lunch hours.  I tried their eggplant parmesan panini.  The format of the restaurant is fast casual, workers in front adding ingredients along an assmbly line with an oven behind them.Pros:-For baked food like pizzas/paninis, this place is fast.-Prices are reasonable and the food tasted fresh.-For such heavy food, there was almost no carb crash or food coma when I returned to the desk.Cons: -Crowded at lunchtime.  This is to be expected as all the nearby overstreet mall competition are chains like Salsaritas, Mcdonalds, and Chick Fil A.
2	So, I've eaten here twice and the most recent experience has led to my decision to not go back.  The food is adequate, basically it's the Moe's assembly line concept applied to pizza.  The space is totally cramped and small and the owner is obviously keen on turning the tables quickly.  This leads to my recent experience and decision to not return.I was eating lunch with a colleague and the Owner or Manager kept hovering over us.  He started by just stepping in and pulling away half of the 2 pushed together tables we were sitting at, to create a 6-top 18" away.  Then, he continued to hover and stare at us until the we finished eating.  Then, he grabbed our pans and tried to show us out, even though we were still waiting on to-go boxes.I totally understand the need to maximize your revenue during the busy lunch hour, but in this case, he opened up 1 table faster, but lost 2 repeat customers in the process.  Very short-sighted.....
4	I have now had their pizzas, paninis and breakfast. So far I have not had a dissapointing item yet. Their personal pizzas are perfectly sized for lunch. THeir Chicken Basil Panini certainly is a snadwich to try and their Mederteranian breakfast wrap is delicious. These are just a few favorites.Really, you can't seem to go wrong unless you are in a rush because everything is made fresh.
5	LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! MADE WITH LOVE! Did you know that I LOVE this place?? If you are uptown and walking through the Overstreet Mall, you HAVE to eat here. It's small, but they they fit a lot of tables in there. All pizzas are cooked to order, but you only have to wait a few minutes. I did the 'pick your own' where you pick your crust, sauce, and anything 3 toppings. I tried the gluten free crust with red sauce and grilled chicken on top. LOVE! The gluten free is delicious. They have a couple of desserts at the register. I tried the gluten free one, don't bother. Go straight to the chocolate cola cake slice. Yum. I thought about sprinkling it on my pizza then controlled myself. Why can't Uncle Maddio be my uncle? As for the staff, it's a place where people actually like to work! They smile and tell you that your pizza was make with LOVE. When was the last time someone told you they made something for you with love? Anyone? That's what I thought. :)
4	For a lunch spot, Uncle Maddio's hits the spot.  It is a great place for fast and decent pizza that is made in front of you as you walk down a line selecting your ingredients (think Subway subs ordering process).Atmosphere - Loud, busy, small...fast casual.Service - I have been here twice and the service has always been fast and friendly, despite the Uptown lunch rush.  Yes, on one visit I did notice the employees get someone's order wrong and it took some effort to get it resolved...but hey...it wasn't mine...ha!Food - There are a lot of options here at Maddio's when ordering your custom made personal pizza pie.  Dough: First, you've got to select your dough.  I have had both the original dough (see pic) and the wheat dough (never tried the Gluten Free).  Based on my experience...get the wheat dough.  The original dough was too chewy and tough (i.e. leathery).  It reminded me of how I feel the crust at Fuel Pizza gets after about 20 minutes out of the oven.  However, the wheat dough at Uncle Maddio's is soft and easy to eat.Sauce: Both times I chose the Tomato-Basil, which has a nice and noticeable flavor.  I did not need to add anything to make this sauce standout.   Cheese: Yes, there a few options here too.  But it's pizza...you've got to get the Mozzarella...so I did.Toppings:  You get to choose three.  The two times I was here I got the same three toppings (pepperoni, mushrooms, and banana peppers).  I am happy to the report that the mushrooms at Maddio's are sliced fresh and NOT the watery canned variety...which IMHO are awful.Price - Personal pizza w/ a drink is about right at $10.  Not too bad for the size of the pie you receive here.Overall - I have Uncle Maddio's in my lunch rotation...I think you should too.
4	Even though I kinda miss the Sbarro's in the Overstreet Mall this place is a definite upgrade.  I think it replaced the bagel place, but I'm not too sure without doing some more research... the fact that I can't remember what was in place before probably says a lot.I only got a salad, but the places concept really intrigued me... personal pizza made right in front of you.  Went during the tail end of the lunch rush so there wasn't much of a line, but you could tell the workers were just "bouncing" back from a busy busy period.  They were still friendly and I was surprised how much chicken I received in my Santa Fe Salad.  The house made, chipotle ranch dressing was pretty darn good - had the right amount of kick and they put it in containers so I had some control over how much dressing went on my salad.Will have to come back and try their pizza, but their salad is definitely a solid lunch option for me and I will be back!
4	Their pizza is "made with love"!! Such amazing service and makes you feel good to hear that every time you order food!This is a great lunch spot that is conveniently located in Overstreet Mall (basically the connecting area of BB&T, Wells, and Bank of America) and I love treating myself to pizza every once in a while for lunch, since it is right downstairs!I usually get the BBQ chicken pizza on wheat bread. Pretty large portion for around $8. They also have gluten free bread!It gets pretty crazy busy at lunch but I have never waited more than 15 minutes or so....which is pretty amazing considering they cook your pizza right on the spot.
2	I'm honestly surprised to see these good reviews. I picked up a large cheese pizza - simple as can be. It was burnt, and cost almost $18.00! Absurd.
4	I loved having the option to make a healthy pizza. Thin wheat crust and lots of veggies - yum. They also have crushed ice for drinks - my favorite to chomp.
