5	My friend lives here. It reminds me of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon with all of the rich vegetation that falls off the balconies. He lives on the 5th floor. On his balcony is a palm tree planted into the ground with mulch. How could this happen? So I decided to sleep on the mulch my first night in town and pass out. This didn't last too long, I started thinking about a scorpion stinging my drunk self and slept inside. Very nice condo with a decent workout center. Indoor and outdoor pools. A lot of rich people live here though and seem to be like sticks in the mud, so I guess that would suck to deal with. Damned if you do, damned if you don't! I rather live around poor people, but that is just me.
1	We had looked to buy a unit here & looked at several units, then decided to rent for a while first.  We've been here almost a year & loved it at first, but have had horrible noise problems for about 8 months & management won't do a thing about it.   The walls here are paper-thin & we our neighbor plays her music loudly at 3am almost every night.  It's so loud that we had to move our bed to the other side of the room and run a humidifier all night just to try to block the noise, but that doesn't work.  We've called security several times, but it never seems to help.  The ceilings are also very thin & you can easiy hear any walking above you.   Aesthetically this place looks great.  The gym is great too, but the construction is horrible.
1	I need to state, for the Yelp record, that I don't live at the Optima Camelview.My review is bound to be colored by my experience...opinions differ...yada, yada, yada:) I think I'm good with the TOS, but if I'm not, I'm sure someone will let me know.My buddy Mike Z was in town for a week or so...down from Seattle...it was great to see him!We've been friends for 20 years, and you know what, I don't have that many friends of that duration!We do have a good time and this week was no exception...one of the things Mikey came to town for, was to look at buying a condo or 5 (this seems to be a "buyers' market" for these things:)So, I went with Mike on a couple of his forays into the wacky world of Phoenix/Scottsdale real estate, to help him try to buy a couple of bargains...heck, we were thinking we might even partner up on a few of these things:)First stop...Optima Camelview.In the immortal words of Bette Davis, "what a dump!":(We parked underground and met the realtor (another Yelp one star, in her own right, but that's another story:( and started to go through these places...the first words (and really, for me they continue to be the most apt words about Scottsdale's own OC) that came to mind were:* Hive* Warren* Catacomb* MausoleumI'm a reasonably bright guy and I have a good imagination, so I can see what they were going for, but the OC just doesn't rise to the level of "new age hanging gardens of Babylon".The place feels lifeless and sad...possibly an interesting concept that was poorly planned, poorly executed and now threatens to collapse under its own depressing weight (and maybe all of the dead plants that the residents apparently can't afford to take care of:(The fit and finish of the entire place is just "off"...doors that didn't fit/wouldn't close or open...handles and moldings broken off of walls in the hallways...lights that didn't...not what the people that bought into the OC at the "high" expected, I'm pretty certain...We went through 5 units at the OC...all of them supposedly "owner occupied"...maybe they were...that just makes this so very much sadder:(The units we saw were, at best, disappointing and depressing...and at worst...squalid:(* 2 of the 5 units had the power turned off, but people were living in these units (candles everywhere, wet towels from the morning shower)...I don't know how you can watch the 48" plasma HDTV without power, but these units both had all the toys and Pottery Barn furniture...just no juice:(...BTW, you don't want to open the refrigerator in one of these units...I thought we had stumbled on a body or two in the dark:(* 2 of the 5 were furnished in a style I like to call "early futon and card table"...we were told that these people had paid more than $450,000 for these units...and they only had a futon and a card table...oh and the 48" plasma HDTV...you can't live without that:)* The 5th unit was just destroyed...very serious rage going on here...every knob and pull was broken off every cabinet...at least those with the doors still attached...the handle for the patio door had been broken off...2 holes punched in the drywall (which, for some reason was untextured in this unit...strange...:(...asking price for this unit was exactly what they had paid for it...extremely optimistic in my view:)...the realtor said the same thing she said in each unit she showed us..."you could offer less!"...Really, bright eyes?...Well, I see now that real estate is just way too complex for me..."we could offer less"...who'd a thunk it?* All of the units we saw (and most of the units we could see from the units we looked at...which was essentially all of them...there is no such thing as a private deck or living room in this place) had dead and dying plants...while the idea of having each deck share a little "garden" with their neighbor might be nice, the reality is that the mulch spills onto the deck, the plants don't get sun or water and they are dead brown reminders of the dead, brown life too many of the inhabitants of this labyrinth are likely leading:(Maybe this place will come back to life...they (they being people who are much smarter than I am about real estate) say real estate always does... but it's going to take a few years...or something...For now...one sad and desperate star:(We passed on this OC:(
1	I agree with the first reviewer.  I rented a condo at camel view for a couple of months and couldn't wait to get out of there.  The buildings look great but are very poor quality.  I could hear the upstairs neighbors walking around, taking showers and using the toilet. The place has absolutely no privacy, so if you liked to be watched, this is your kind of place.The landscaping is poorly maintained and the elevators did not work several times.  I was lucky enought to be in the building with the restaurant and the hallways smelled very strong as they vented the restaurant odors through the trash shut.There are many condos in this complex for sale and prices are dropping like a rock, so don't be misled by the sales tactics and the impressive court yard.
4	By far the best condo complex in the Old Town area.  Great architecture and landscaping make this an oasis between Rancho Vista and Highland off of Scottsdale Rd.  They have a great area underground including raquetball and basketball courts, an indoor pool and jacuzzi, and steam rooms.  An on-site restaurant, cafe and market round out this place. If you ever get down to the parking garages, it's an Audi/BMW/Rolls Royce/Mercedes/Range Rover dealership in a sense.  Everyone here drives a nice car.Yes, it's expensive.  Yes, you have floor to ceiling windows so you have to understand people can sometimes see you.  Yes, these are condos, so you can sometimes hear neighbors (I rarely have).  Overall, hands down the best non-maintenance place to live in all of Scottsdale.
5	I totally disagree with the 1 star review. I'm scratching my head at how anyone would give this place only 1 star. I've been here a handful of times, and even a few days ago. It's just gorgeous. I LOVE the whole modern, yet lush green look here. Floor to ceiling windows, the best location, good views, and its such a relaxing and urban vibe. Personally, this is my dream home/condo. It's walking distance to the fashion square, the theatre, several restaurants, waterfront & spas/salons. What else do you need? Give me a couple years and hopefully I'll be living here very happily.
5	The other reviews of the Optima that don't give it 5 stars BLOW my mind.  This is the nicest complex I've ever seen.  Indoor basketball court, one in door pool, 2 outdoor pools, dry cleaner on site, garage parking, 3 different restaurants, and a great concierge... and we haven't even touched on the actual apartments!  Hardwood floors, stainless steel appliances, and granite countertops are standards.  The people that live here also make the Optima even better.  A smattering a young professionals, professional athletes (NBA, NFL, MLB) and nice families make it a great place to live.
4	Pretty dope complex.  Too rich for my blood but I do have a Dr. friend who lives here and he showed me around.  Definitely a well up kept facility.  The condos are very nice and I only saw a one bedroom condo but it was quite spacious.  The location of Optima is sweet.  Just a stones throw away to the nightlife of old towne!!
1	My husband and I wasted several hours looking at the OC condos. The concept is great!  The pictures online are great! BUT the barking dogs are NOT. Also, for a $2,500-$3,000 budget I do not want to see neighbors junk on their porch.
4	I've lived here for 3 years and continue to call this my home.  Yes, there are noise issues, a less than ideal parking situation on some nights, and higher rent ...BUT, the reason I continue to call this place home is because it is so inspiring, rich and pleasing to the eyes to view and is straight up BEAUTIFUL!  I have met many good friends from this complex and expanded my contact list and network by living here.  I gave this review 4 stars because even though Optima is a beautiful place to live, there are a few things that make it just under 5 STAR.  Having said that, if you are looking to rent or purchase a condo or APT then this is the first place you better check out.  Everyone must live here for at least a year to understand the true beauty of the Optima.  I'm very excited and looking forward to the new Optima Sonoran Village to be completed, it's a similar complex that will be on the other side of Fashion Sqr mall.
2	Recently moved into the Optima and had to share a little insight to anyone considering moving into the Village. I just wish someone would have shared these things with me before I took the plunge. First of all, I completely agree with a previous review, in that it looks amazing from the outside, and the apartments truly are beautiful, however, all that glitters is not gold. I'm also going to blame really bad management for unkempt landscaping, a health club that truly has a revolving door for everyones friends of friends, and a noise level that could compete with a frat house on the weekends. The grounds need a TON of new fresh gravel, and I have a feeling the freshly frosted plants will never be replaced. The health club apparently has no air conditioning, and between the noise from outside, to the noise above my head upstairs, I'm certain that the builders have ran out of town, and let their children manage this place. Harsh review, I know, but the truth needs to be shared.
5	I love the Optima!!  By far my favorite condo complex in Scottsdale.  I have rented here for two years now.  The complex has three pools--two out door, one indoor.   The gym is stellar too.  The facilities are beautiful!  I love living around so much greenary in the middle of the desert.  The best part is that the Optima is close to everything!  You can walk to many different restaurants and many different places to shop!  I can't believe how low the yelp score is!  This place is amazing!
5	I don't typically post reviews but thought I should considering how often I use Yelp both locally and when traveling. We looked through a considerable amount of higher end condo complexes in the valley before deciding on buying a unit at Optima Camelview. The intention being to rent our unit until our high school aged kids go to college, then move in. We have had absolutely no problem renting our unit, twice we have had offers within the first week of listing the property. We have also stayed there on numerous occasions between rentals and the place has exceeded our expectations. It's quiet, the green surroundings are not not only beautiful, but keep electric bills down and it's literally an oasis in the middle of a bussling city. We can walk to 140 plus restaurants, shopping and movies are across the street and the three on-site restaurants (several deliver to the trrom!) are great, especially the newer Metropolis. I love seeing younger business professionals working throughout the day on site, there is always a poolside chair or table available, and the property's gym is as nice and equipped as most large health clubs in the valley - only better, because it's right outside my door. As an owner, I have been impressed with the HOA and concierge, very helpful and friendly to assist us. I wrote this because the negative reviews here seem to outweigh the positives and I truly don't think this is warranted. We have only been associated with the property for a year, but it's the current reviews that really count since staff, concierge companies, tenants and maintance have changed over the years. Counting the days to call ourselves residents!
