5	I have to be honest, I didn't want to write a review on my favorite business because I have to keep a few hidden gems of Tempe all to my uber-selfish self. But dude... this is the best workout in Phoenix, and definetly the best I have ever done for myself. The workout is different every day. Your trainer will create exercises for you to complete that will target groups of muscles to work together rather than just one repetitive gym machine motion. You will use different kinds of props to keep you distracted from the task at hand, such as dumbbells, kettlebells, ropes, tires, sledgehammers, pull up bars, and your own pathetic, grunting ass. Is it difficult? Absolutely! It will kick your ass from start to finish! But it's over faster than you think, and the combination of strength training + cardio keeps your metabolism humming for hours. And if you want to see what this workout has done for me, I uploaded my own photos for your viewing pleasure.
5	I can't say enough good things about Body Focus Fitness and the owner/personal trainer, Kevin Freeland. To sum it up... I started going 3x a week to get in shape for my wedding. I went in weighing about 148 (I'm 5'9'')... and, I lost 18 pounds in about two months. (Keep in mind, I did absolutely NO working out on my own... So the results are ALL thanks to Kevin). I also built arm and stomach muscle I'd never seen on myself before. On top of that, I changed my eating habits based on Kevin's recommendation... and I will be a Paleo 'dieter' for life. Turns out, grains were the root of my stomach problems...I am a person who absolutely hates working out. I won't go to the gym on my own. But Kevin keeps your sessions to about 30 minutes... and he varies the exercises to keep things interesting. Kettle bells are awesome. I feel like those give you the biggest results for the least amount of work. He also incorporates barbells, sledge hammers/tires (my fave!), etc. Kevin also offers bootcamp classes on top of your one-on-one sessions. I have not tried one of these, but it's certainly a nice bonus for anybody who wants to squeeze in an extra workout.I've worked with a Lifetime fitness trainer in the past, and let me tell you... they don't even compare to Kevin. Plus, they're at least twice as expensive. I highly recommend giving Body Focus Fitness a try. I'm a changed person because of this place!!!
5	Body Focus Fitness & Performance is an excellent place for challenging your mind and body and discovering what your capable of. Kevin Freeland is a truly decent human being with sound knowledge and experience. He makes every work out session challenging and works with you to meet your goals. You certainly won't be wasting your time or money coming here.
