4	Even though i walked in almost closing time, Steve and Lam happily welcomed me to their nail salon and did their magic on my hands and feet.  It was so relaxing and calming.  Great way to end my day.  Steve is very thorough and did everything I asked him to do. After my evening mani and pedi with Steve, my perfectly painted, be-glittered hands and feet were ready to take on the world again.  They are that good!
1	They are really nice people, They offer me water, and I felt welcome But there was a guy around his 30s a little bigger then Steve. He does a horrible job at doing nails. He really hurt my ring finger, and my nails were not even. The lady was nice enough to fix it but I'm not going back here anymore.
4	Been here twice, once for pedi and gel manicure, and tonight for just a gel manicure. Had a total of 2 different guys work on my nails, both were very good. Tonight's guy, the one who breaths a bit hard had a very firm technique. I'd say, if you're sensitive ask for another technician. But for me he was ok. Just has a firm hand. Everyone there seems sincere. They talk to you as a friend, not "salesy" or unnatural. Just like they know you, and want you to be happy! The first time I was there it was a very hot day, 110+. They greeted me with a bottle of water, and offered another bottle for the road. Tonight the weather was cool as it was raining all day, but their hospitality was the same. My gel nails lasted just over 3 weeks, and if it weren't for my nails growing out, they'd still look good. Also, they are priced a little bit less than most shops in this area and I appreciate that very much! I look forward to going here whenever my nails need to be tended to:-)
1	Bad!bad service. I got a gel manicure and it came off on second days.no wonder they have a cheap price come with cheap service.
5	I have been coming here for over a year now and had nothing but the best service. Tami and her husband always try there very best to accommodate me when I walk in last minute with no appt. They have excellent customer service and reasonable prices!! I always feel at home when I'm here!!
1	I went in to get a manicure and they totally botched the job. Not only did they not get all of the dead skin from around my nails, they only spent 10 minutes on my manicure. My friend who went with me also had a horrible experience. They spent longer on her manicure but butchered her nails. They ended up being frayed and they left a lot of dead skin on her fingers as well. Then they charged WAY too much for what LITTLE they did. I will not be going back there again.
3	I actually found Luv's Nails because it was next to Trader Joe's.  My old salon went downhill and the prices were spa-outrageous so I was searching for another affordable place with good service and reasonable prices.  There are a few things i would change but overall I like the job they do.I have had quite a few pedicures and since I work with my hands a lot I don't do fingernails any more because it proved worthless.  I decided on a manicure my last visit because I had tried my 5th nail salon (and most expensive) and gels still didn't last more than 4-5 days before they peeled off in one sheet and with damage to my nails.  I just wanted to clean up the cuticles and get a buff polish but was talked into getting Gels one more time and assured they would last.  They weren't lying!  Tim did a meticulous job and 2 weeks later they are fine except growing out.  I'm definitely going back (tomorrow in fact!)I read all the reviews and understand that sometimes with a new business it can be hit or miss so it's hard to say what went wrong with others.What I really don't understand is the rather scathing review about the artificial lashes.  I watched someone have theirs done while I was getting a pedicure and she was tickled to death, talked about how many times she had them done, how long they lasted, etc.    Other customers sitting there who had the lashes but were getting another service also raved.When I got to the end of that review and saw that the person decided to use acetone to take off her eyelashes, well.. it was all over.  How can you take a review seriously when written by a person with such poor judgement?  Acetone on your eyes?   I would ROFL if it wasn't so frightening.
1	The service was horrible. They ran out of hot water for the Pedicures, some of their nail tools were not sanitized, and the polish job for my mani/pedi was bad.
4	I'm raising my review to 4 stars from 3. First off... I messed up both my thumbs TWICE after polish and they patiently fixed them both times and did a beautiful job.Secondly, I finally tried the individual eyelashes after having tried them elsewhere years ago and had a hideous experience.  These were STUNNING!!  for $25 it can't be beat and they were the perfect length and placement.  (look at my photo under review of Echo and Rig to see them on camera)Rats... now I'm hooked on yet another little beauty secret.  ;-)The person sitting next to me said Tammy does such a great job her mom drives from Henderson every 4 weeks to get the lashes filled.They take a bit of getting used to but look beautiful!  Definitely worth the money if you like fake lashes but don't like doing them yourself!
5	I don't know why everyone leaves bad reviews about this place, I love it, they do a great job, I have been coming here for about 2 years now, always got pretty nails (I've done full set and refills) and great pedicures, and this is so far the best place to get your eyebrows done (waxing), the lady does an outstanding job! I've tried other places and this one is by far the best in the area to do waxing... Prices are good too, not too expensive, and below normal, with great service and great results, this is all I need!!! I highly recommend this place!
5	I've been going to this nail salon for almost 2 years. This should tell you how much I love the owners Lam and Tami!! They have always treated me like I'm a VIP!! Tami knows exactly how like my nails done! I've always been extremely happy and satisfied with the work they do! They are very hardworking people that aim to please their customers. I will keep referring people to Luv's because they have impeccable service!!
4	Absolutely everyone is commenting on my nails!  I have acrylics and changed to Gel just because I keep messing them up before they dry.  They did a red base with red sparkles and when the light hits my nails... it looks like Dorothy's ruby slippers!  Not only sparkles but has depth.    Really nifty.
4	Great atmosphere and extremely accommodating!!! They have a great deal for mani/pedi = $32! The staff made us feel very welcomed... Handed us water bottles the moment we sat down! The best nail spot I've been too in Vegas! Also, they did a wonderful job on my eyebrows, super relaxing, no pain, and great outcome!!!!
1	The technician I got I don't think was certified. She spoke absolutely no English. She took close to an hour and a half on my pedicure and I calculated getting both a mani/pedi in that time because that when they would be closing. The French was crooked and really wide. I told the other people I wasn't coming back and they wanted to fix it but I was out of time. Don't go there not worth the 30$ pedi.
5	I got a full set with glitter gel and I love them. They were super friendly and I will definitely be back.
4	I think I have been going to Luv's about a year now.  Every 2 weeks mani/pedi and gels.  I tend to like classic red nails but have ventured out into sparkly and designs, etc.  The last time I had my nails done they were stunning.  (See photo with silver sparkly tips and white flower... better in person!)  No matter where I go everyone comments on my nails.  Perfectly shaped the way I like them and thin but strong.   They are BUSY so make an appointment if you can and if you don't, then be patient and don't take it out on others that you can't get in right away.  I've done the "drop in" and can always find some shopping or something to do if every chair is full.They are busy *for a reason*   Good job. Reasonable prices.
3	Friendly but not the best work.  My manicure kinda looked like I painted my own nails.  The paint didn't go all the way to my cuticles, they had gaps between my nails and my cuticles.
4	They did my nails exactly the way I wanted (just a little off color) but CINDY was very patient and she was funny. She talks and takes her time with doing designs. Definitely coming back & recommending this place to my friends (: OH ! They weren't pushy with me getting more services done like other places
4	Had a mani/pedi date with my girl friend here around 6 pm on a Monday night. It's in the Summerlin Gateway Shopping Center next to Trader Joe's. Inside looks like your standard efficient nail shop.The place was packed when we walked in with every single station filled so I wasn't sure we'd be fit in without an appointment as they close at 7 pm. They were immediately attentive to us right away and said it would be about 10 minutes, which it was. We noticed that they caught everything we mentioned even when we were talking to each other and not saying it directly to them. You could tell that they want to make sure customers are completely satisfied. They'll fix it even if you didn't ask them too. They also don't make small talk with you which is nice. My friend and I were able to visit and relax in the massage chairs while watching their flat screen TV's as they're busy working. Sometime two people at a time were tending to us with one working on your feet and one working on your hands.Everything went great and we didn't have to explain much to them at all except for what we wanted initially. I wanted to have some creative fun with colors this time so I asked for a square shaped nail with french tip mani/pedi alternating Halloween colors with spider webs and jack o' lantern nail art. I don't ask for much right?  :DThe nail technician I had was named Helen and she had impressive skills and a good sense of humor and work ethic. She even suggested adding some sparkle to the spider webs and green vines to the pumpkins. I was very happy with her and you could tell she was enjoying her work. She even stayed an hour after closing to take the time to finish what I wanted. A gel mani/pedi will run you $40 and extra nail art is around $5 a nail. It's a good price and you get descent work while having a pleasant experience. I can see why they're so busy. I loved what they did for me!
1	Very tacky place. Not so great serviceI got a mani & deluxe pedi My technician did not cut my dead cuticle she drilled it off! HUGE disappointment. When I then asked her not to drill my natural nail she got a bit bothered, used the clippers & cut me while talking to someone across the room. She was very apologetic about it.  My card was then to be swiped for $50 but was instead charged $500. Yep, it happened. My funds were tied up for 5 days over the weekendMy gel mani peeled in 5 days.. My pedicure peeled in about 10 days. Maybe it was old polish. Idk.I would not go back
5	After a very long and stressful week I needed some pampering.  Today I met Mae one of the manicurist.  It was the first time in a long time that I felt special and like I was her only customer all day.  Very loving lady and treated me with TLC.  If you need to feel pampered ask for Mae
