5	Think you can't afford an interior designer?  Don't be so sure.  My husband and I bought some furniture (impulse buy) less than 9 months ago and have been sorry from the day it arrived.  Funny how fabric on a 6-inch swatch looks totally different on a large sofa.  After many arguments and fruitless hours looking for just an area rug, we were left with only three options.1.  Divorce with a custody battle over who had to take the furniture. 2.  Take up smoking so we could accidentally set the sofa on fire.  3.  Hire an interior designer.  The least costly of the three.We went with the latter, and it was the best decision we could have made.  I found Suzanne on a Google search, not the preferred way to find a designer, but we lucked out.  She is flexible and will provide as much or as little guidance in the design process as you would like, anything from just a consultation on paint color to actually shopping for and purchasing the furnishings, the route we chose.  Suzanne is fast, too.  Within a week of getting our painting completed, she had purchased and arranged for delivery of all of our new furnishings (she also used what we had already bought).  We were not allowed to see the room until it was completed, just like on HGTV.  I used to think the shocked look on the homeowner's face was well-rehearsed, but my husband and I could not believe it was the same room!  And although we had the option to return anything we did not like, of about 30 items she chose for us, which included everything from furniture and accessories to lighting and artwork, we returned one piece.  And this is from someone who thinks they need self-check return lines.She was always mindful of our budget, which was probably pathetic by Scottsdale standards, but you can't tell by the finished project (I have posted a couple photos).  She also offers redesign services, using your existing stuff in new ways.  As for the area rug, we love what she chose.  Unfortunately, so do the two destruction machines that sneak out every night to claw it.  We're hitting PetsMart this weekend for devices to scare the crap out of them, wait I don't need that on the rug either!  I'm sure the puking on it will come sooner rather than later.
5	I have had the opportunity to work with Suzanne on several occassions and I have always found it to be productive, fun and extremely motivational!  What she can pull together on a shoestring is nothing less than amazing.  She has a keen sense of what it is that I am looking for or need in my home and she has always hit the nail on the head!  Her ideas are endless and she has always gone above and beyond in all of her project!
5	I hired Suzanne to spruce up my guest room. She came to my house took notes we shopped together and in half an day my room was beautiful.  I couldn't be more pleased. She has a great eye and I would highly recommend her for Big as well as small jobs.Sue StegemollerCertified Personal Trainer
5	Suzanne is a creative genius when it comes to interiors! I saw her create a headboard out of a door! A table out of an old wine barrel! and more.... check her website out at www.sinteriordesign.com! She is amazing!
5	I cannot say enough positive things about our experience working with Suzanne.  She listened to what we wanted and delivered above and beyond.  She was able to take our all-over-the-board existing pieces, bring in new "wow" pieces, and make our entire home flow.  Not only that, but she was always responsive and stayed on budget. Would definitely work with her again on our next home!
5	We have worked with Suzanne on 3 projects now with the latest just completing in December 2012.  One of the best things about working with Suzanne is that she really listens to what the client's vision is and then translates into reality.  Each of our projects has been very different -- major overall remodel, bedroom/bathroom remodel, decorating a small cabin and each case, she worked to create exactly what we were looking for and needed.   We will continue to work with Suzanne again and again until we have nothing left to re-decorate/remodel!
5	We hired Suzanne for a paint consultation. We bought a house about 4 months ago and inherited some pretty bad taste. She was prompt and well prepared. We immediately got down to business and she helped us pick a color for every room in our house! It took about 2 hours total for a process that would have likely taken my husband and I weeks. And we picked some colors that we never thought we would like, but it was so helpful seeing them in every light and against every fixture. If we had tried to do this ourselves, we probably would've been underwhelmed with our choices. She made the choices easy and gave us a space that will be easy to decorate around. We will definitely be calling her again for our next redecorating project!Thanks Suzanne!
5	We hired Suzanne to help us select interior paint colors and reupholster a rocking chair and 4 office chairs. She did a great job and we love the results.
5	I called Suzanne Lasky at S Interior Design because although I felt like I had a good foundation going, I just couldn't get my Great Room and Dining Room finished off.  Suzanne definitely brought the frosting to the cake.  Before she came, she had me complete a questionnaire and send her a link to my Houzz album so she already had a sense of my style and where I was going, so our first meeting was not spent on a lot of preliminary "getting to know you"---we got right down to it!  First of all, she is a lovely, down-to-earth person---a pleasure to work with.  Secondly, she GOT what I was wanting for our home and really ran with it, offering ideas and refining my plans so things started falling into a cohesive whole.  She was so enthusiastic and filled with creative thoughts she totally re-energized me!  And she understood that I am all about unexpected bargain finds (I don't want the commitment of expensive furniture and accessories---what if I want to go in a totally different direction in a year?) and she was NOT snooty or condescending that some of my favorite finds are from Ikea.  In fact, she made suggestions of other great "bargain-hunting" spots for art and rugs.  This is not to say she doesn't do high-end---you should see the portfolio of homes she has worked with and she had a great article in Phoenix magazine (how I found her).   But she's flexible and all about what the client wants.  I loved how she played and elaborated with my needs and ideas, so I feel like that even with her assistance, it's still all my house and the design is me.  And finally, she is totally pet-friendly, so not only did provide a lot of helpful critiques and ideas on design, she also gave me some great tips on training our new puppy---who danced around her feet nearly the whole visit.  I can't wait to have Suzanne back out to see what I have accomplished based on her advice and keep moving forward.  After two years, this project is going to get done!
