5	Fox Cigars Mesa is a new addition to the Fox Cigar family and to Mesa.  Being a loyal patron, there isn't one bad thing I can say about this place, in fact there isn't just one good thing I can say either.  The place is stellar.  When you first walk in you notice something.  It isn't the immaculate store or the beautiful glass-walled stocked humidor, it's the customer service.  My first visit into Fox was welcomed like I was an old friend, years later I can say it wasn't a glitch.  If you desire expertise, you will find it here. Fox Cigar Bar in Gilbert is hands down THE best Cigar bar in Arizona and Fox's little brother Fox Cigars Mesa is right there, the only difference is the Mesa location does not serve alcohol, but I don't consider that a bad thing, it's perfect place for conversation.The humidor is filled with everything from basic flavored sticks to aged Opus X "The Lost City" and everything in between.  If you know anything of cigars, being able to walk into a humidor and grab anything stamped Opus is damn impressive.  This location also carries an impressive collection of humidors, lighters, and cutters ranging from beginner to executive.What could be better than that?  How about prices that will have you writing your current cigar shop off?Exactly.  Quit reading this and check them out.
4	Fox Cigar in NE Mesa is pretty nice. Very nicely decorated, and the humidor is fantastic. I am not a huge cigar guy, but every now and then like to throw down a nice puff. I liked the selections, and will most likely return again. The guys behind the counter were very friendly and I felt good going inside here. Perhaps my cigar collection will soon match my wine selection.
1	They refused to honor a coupon for a free cigar they had published in local Valpak.Was told the manager had decided to quit honoring them a month before.Shame on you.  I won't be coming back.
4	A tiny little place but they certainly deliver. They have a very good selection & the staff is always well-informed, friendly & helpful. Hopefully they'll be able to have smoking in-house again soon. Fortunately the sports bar next door allows cigars on the patio, so it's still easy to go for a drink & a smoke.
5	I love this place and the new owner is very friendly!  Great selection and competitive prices.  You should definitely make this your go to cigar shop!
