4	I was told to check this place out by two other trusted auto repair shops in Gilbert, where I will have to pay more to replace the catalytic converter and wait for 5 days to get the part. So I did my research online. I called Mesa Muffler few times to see if they will say something different each time. The first time I called, the price was $40 higher than the last call and I was told there is only 25K miles warranty. I asked the part they will install for my Honda Accord and find out it should be 50K miles warranty by Federal law . They double checked and admit it should be 50K miles warranty. I finally decide to stop by today and give them a shot. I came in at 9:00AM and I was out of their in matter of 32 minutes. Two guys were working on the car while I was standing there watching. So far the car is running great without the engine light on and no leak or noise, which should not happen anyway. Will see if anything come up in few weeks. PS. If you pay cash, you can get extra discount. PS. Make sure you call few times and get all your questions answered.PS. I give them 4 stars because of their inconsistency on the phone, otherwise, I will give them 5 stars.
5	I was recommended to Mesa Muffler by Highland Auto for a catalytic converter due to failed emissions. (I've never had a car fail before, but have wondered why some passed.)  I called Mesa Muffler for a next-day  appointment, and was "in and out" just as promised.  I love people who respect my time!  I didn't price shop - knowing a lower price elsewhere usually results in: and, and, and....  What's that saying again?  Oh yeah, "fool me once..."  A discount is offered for paying cash.
4	Fair price and a good job on as 30 year old car and my new van.  I am a fan
5	I too was referred to Mesa Muffler by Highland Auto. Today MM installed a Flowmaster American Thunder on my '13 Challenger and I couldn't be more pleased with the results! First off, Rick and his boys are friendly, courteous, professional, etc. And regarding price, don't EVEN bother shopping around. These guys rock the best prices in town! If you're in the market for anything exhaust system related, do yourself an favor and go see the guys at Mesa Muffler. You'll be glad you did!!!
5	Saw the Yelp Ad (75$ for only $50) -called to make an appointment and they had me in and out in the same day.  Charged what they quoted me and did an excellent job!  I'm very please with the service and work!
5	It's always hard to find an honest mechanic, but thanks to Mesa Muffler I don't have to look any longer.  I highly recommend this shop.  Great service, honest assessments and fair prices.
5	Referred by the only Dual-Carb Honda guy in town (AFAIK):Brian over at Future Service Automotive.After my '85 Prelude passed emissions with rust holes from cat through tip of muffler (mischievously LOL!), it all came apart while driving along Hwy 10.Brian immediately suggested Rick at Mesa Muffler.~$300 for catalytic, mid-section piping, and Flowmaster for the rice cook'n 1800 cc.Drank a coffee (QT Columbian) and worked offline in the office -- took them 1hr, and I'm out the door! in peace and quite...with a little Growl & a big Smile :-)Clear communication by Rick. Bright-eyed, positive cutters/welders/fitters! Looks & sounds smooth, guys!
5	Did a great job! I had to pass emissions today.... got my check engine light off and had the work done in an hour.  Passed emissions and good to go.  Thanks guys!
5	I had to get a new catalytic converter. These guys did a great job at a reasonable price and they stand by their work. I would recommend this shop for any exhaust work.
5	Tried to think of a reason to give four stars but couldn't find one.  I came in last minute, was quoted a great price for a muffler replacement and was told it would be done in about an hour.  1 hour and 5 minutes later I got the the call that it was done, final price was what he quoted and I was out the door.  Rick is a seriously cool guy!  Super friendly and knows a thing or two about customer service.  Highly recommended. Some sites list this place on Main Street...it is on Baseline.
4	Catalytic converter went bad on my econo commuter. Regular car shop I frequent for other mechanical issues said it would cost $1200 to replace whole assembly which is half the value of the car. I could use this for the reason to get new car to my wife, but I called Mesa Muffler just for the heck of it, quickly got a quote for $250. Set appoinment. Waited about 45 minutes in small cramped waiting/office room. Paid and got out. Some workers shouted 'thank you for coming by' as I left, a nice touch. Got 1 year warranty and smiling wife...
5	My husband had a new 5" exhaust put on his f250. They were done in just a few hours and had the best price in town.  Very happy with their work and would recommend them to anyone!
1	I stopped in to see if Mesa Muffler could hep me wrap up a custom exhaust project that I ran into a snag on and whomever I spoke with was a complete jerk. I don't own a hydraulic bender or a lift, that's the only reason I was there. What I was asking for would have taken less then an hour to do with those tools. Their shop was completely empty, not a single car being worked on, yet the person I spoke with acted like I was interrupting him and wasting his time. He wouldn't even look at my vehicle unless they got to completely redo the system from scratch, which I couldn't afford at the time. He seemed offended that I only wanted him to tack it together so I could do the final TIG work myself. I'm a machinist and welder that has grown up around cars and apprenticed in numerous hot rod shops. I might know a thing or two, and the first thing I know is I would NEVER treat my customers that way. I would avoid this place at all costs.
5	Awesome place! Walked in one morning and they confirmed my  CAT was plugged in a matter of minutes and gave me a solid price like most have mentioned in their reviews. Had the car ready for my drive to work and even showed me how plugged up my original CAT was at the end. The waiting area is small but theres A/C and a TV and you're barely waiting long enough for that to even matter. Def the place to go for exhaust work
