4	This place was lots of fun...from what I can remember lol! The drinks were def strong, made by a nice yet pervy bartender named Glenn. aaaaaaand thats all i remember....haha
3	This place was aight! We stopped by for round 1. The waitress was very nice. Drinks about $12 and super strong but totally worth it. Hmm probably not returning to spend the whole night here but maybe to grab A drink.
4	I had to look up what hotel this was in just now before I wrote the review... and I realized it was in the same freakin hotel I stayed in! I got really drunk if you couldn't tell already.We had already had drinks at dinner, went to V Bar, Heart Bar, and the bar at the Hard Rock.It was around 3am and most bars were closed... oh.. but not this one! Us: When do you close?Bartender: We're open all nightUs: NHSGHjhdusyhge!! (drunk talk for: "SWEEET MAKE US A DRAAANK!")The end of a great night and the beginning of my awful, mid-vacation hangover.
2	This is a bar in the MGM and its time to remodel! If I'm going to pay $10 to $12 in Vegas for drinks the bar better be top notch. The decor was dated with multiple themes going on. I guess it was a cross between burlesque and that common red/black night club thing. They were "updating" their drink menu. When all you have is drinks, shouldn't you have a menu? With all the options for drinks in Vegas this will not be on the top of my list. If it wasn't for dinner at L'Atelier (@ MGM) I wouldn't have went.
2	Talk about an identity crisis!This place needs a direction, a remodel, and some new waitresses.  Stopped in for a drink while waiting for our reservation time at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon.  From the 'outfits' of the waitresses and the ads on the napkins, apparently this place is supposed to be have a can-can room/brothel theme, but it isn't evident anywhere else.  I think our waitress was mad that she had to wear such an embarrassing outfit; her mood left much to be desired.Asked for a drink menu and she wasn't sure if they had one since they were "updating" their drinks.  It's a bar. FIgure it out.  The drinks were standardly priced at 10-12 bucks, but the atmosphere left something to be desired, especially when 15 feet away at the machines I can get a drink for free.  I hope for their sake they "update" soon and figure out what they want to be as a bar/lounge and then decide to be good at it!
4	For my wife and I this is our standard bloody mary hangout.  Great place to enjoy the tasty bloody mary's and watch the action out on the floor.  The bloody mary's aren't cheap, around $12, but they are soooo good.
4	Zuri holds a special place in my heart. One, they make *the best* mojito ever. That's right: a mojito. The less-informed might claim it's a girl drink. Little do they know that most of the world was introduced to it when James Bond himself took a sip of one in Die Another Day. That's enough of a man-card for me. They literally build it up from scratch, fresh, everyday. It's delicious. Don't go here without trying at least one. When I was in town last year to see Dave Matthews Band, a lot of time was spent at this bar. Flava Flav was even there at the same time we were. It's a dynamic space that still has a separated area from the bar so you can chill in comfort without being bumped into by patrons. Bonnie and I had a nice stop there on our trip. It just seems like it's in the perfect spot in the casino. It's got a certain something that I really can't put words on. Nice place.
5	Good meet up place.  Can be hard to hold a conversation due to noise. Drinks can be pricey, but you can sign up for a "2 for 1" text alert from MGM.
3	I was here with about 15-20 people on a late Saturday night.  This was pretty much the after-party after an event that took place earlier.  So we all gathered up a bunch of tables (surprised that there was room, actually) and just ordered bottle service on a couple items.  The bill wasn't bad, the service was decent, but I had a decent time hanging out with people.If anything, I didn't notice a difference with a theme or what not.  I just wanted to drink and chill, really.  Hell, the fact that they were still open at 4am was cool.
2	How hard could it be to get some service around here?  When we first arrived, the previous patrons were arguing with the waitress because they refused to show proper I.D.  Luckily, they stormed off and left us with an open table.  Unfortunately for us, however, the waitress never came back.  We ended up getting cigars at the bar, which turned out to be a waste of money.  It was probably our dumb luck that we picked the worst cigars from the menu selection of 4 but since there's a Davidoff cigar shop right around the corner, why bother?  At the cigar shop, you'll get a better selection, better quality, and lower price.  The only thing memorable about Zuri is the look of the bartender when I attempted to order its hangover cure.  I tried ordering at 5:45pm (because it was the only "manly drink") and he told me "you don't want that."  It wasn't even a suggestion as it was a mandate.  He probably knows best.  [Original Visit: November 6, 2010]
2	MGM is pricey...well the main "strip" of Vegas in casinos are pricey! Drinks here are $10 and up. We had a free drink coupon when we checked in, so we spent it here. 1 drink coupon of $15 = 1 free drink here. The drinks were OK only...I've had better elsewhere.
2	Nice looking to trick u into a way expensive experience... $15 for a tequila sunrise and a soda!  Seriously?  Not worth it as the bartenders weren't friendly, the bar had nothing to hold our interest and crowd wasn't very fun. We even sat on the rail to watch the casino traffic but were still bored. Our overall $experience$ here and it walking around made it so we probably won't even come back to the MGM next time we're in town.  It was a waste of time for us.We don't mind paying Vegas prices when it's worth it but...Won't see ya there.
3	This is the central bar to the MGM hotel. Its typical, dark, expensive, and the waitresses wear really small skirts.. Service was pretty slow the 3-4 times I was there despite not being packed.They pour stiff drinks which is nice but more than anything, its the best place to meet up with your crew before you go out.
4	The bartender was very friendly and patient.Suggested a drink that immediately became one of my favorites.He was quick and provided a smile throughout the time he made the order.Although a dark atmosphere, you can have your own corner and relax comfortably. If you don't mind the second-hand smoke floating about, not a bad place at all.Near the elevators to quickly go back to your room or return to the slots off the stairs. Easy to get to and from this bar.
4	I like the Zuri Lounge for all the wrong reasons.  I would of never step foot in this lounge had it not been for my friend staying at the MGM.  The lounge is steps away from the elevators and is a perfect starting or ending point for the night.  The lounge itself looks swanky and expensive, but isn't crazy expensive.  My friend ordered a round of drinks that set him back a cool $25 for three drinks.  Not bad, IMO.On this trip, I was on a strict budget, thus my drinking allowance wasn't as big as usual.  I was plenty surprised at Zuri Lounge not noticing or not caring as I brought in my bottle of vodka and tall cans.  My friend was also swigging off his flask and no one ever said anything to us. As for the paying patrons, the service and atmosphere is laid back.  The cocktail waitresses don't push their service on you and let you just enjoy yourself.  The bar is a cool spot to have some drinks and people watch, just avoid ordering the $1500 glass of scotch.
4	Zuri Lounge is what I would call the "lobby bar" at the MGM Grand. I'm not a big gambler so, when in Vegas, I spend a fair amount of time here enjoying a drink and people watching.  It is an excellent people watching spot.They pour a pretty good real drink and have a fair selection of girlie martini like drinks.(remember, just because the bartender pours it into a martini glass doesn't make it a martini) . It's Vegas of course, so it's a bit pricey. Most drinks will run you around $10+.They have a nice selection of single malt scotch including tasting flights. The bartenders are efficient and waitresses do the best they can given how crowded this place often is.   It can be a bit of a zoo on weekends. Grab a seat by the rail and watch the crowd!
3	Service was a tad slow, but they didn't skimp on my vodka cocktail so it was all good.
5	Dear Zuri Lounge,Thank you so much for not kicking our party out on Halloween night/next morning.  I realize that we were  (OK, *I* was) completely obnoxious, but I really appreciated that your barstaff came over to hold me steady when I decided that it was a frickin' brilliant idea to drunkenly climb on top of the barstool/table/something-high-up to take a picture of our party...even though the next day, I realized that I ended up taking photos of the ceiling and/or floor instead.I also love that you continued to serve us even though it was clear that we were beyond the point of intoxication and on the point of "OMG Officer, I swear I don't know how we ended up with a herd of wild horses in our hotel room - I think room service left them there?".Mostly, I love that you were open 24hrs, so that as I drunkenly climbed over your railings to look for my missing shoes (I believe they were in my purse for some reason) at 4am, I knew that once I found my shoes, I could come back for more drinks...because that is *SO* clearly what I needed.Heh.
4	Bartenders pour nicely, great for people watching, average Vegas prices...can't go wrong if you're already at the MGM.
3	This bar is fine as a meeting place before hitting the town or for a nightcap. This is not a main event by any means, but service was fine and the drinks weren't too weak.
4	Okay super convenient. We literally got out of the elevators from our hotel room and there is Zuri Lounge. You can't go wrong when it is that close. Unfortunately with Vegas drink prices and high end martinis we only had a few or I might as well gamble my millions away. At least no hangover.We ordered a couple of their specialty martinis and the bartenders were friendly and funny. Wish we could have ordered more but it would break the bank even more in this lovely holiday season.I like the ambiance and we were sitting at the bar chilling and playing video poker. Nice laid back place to watch people and talk story while having a few.
1	The service here is abysmal. Any bar where a waitress can walk by a table full of people with empty glasses half a dozen times without asking if they want another drink doesn't deserve your business - especially when there are other bars within 50 feet.Of course, the choice is yours...
3	I've stayed at the MGM many times and every time I drop by here. It is centrally located, near the elevators and main lobby. Chill place to people watch. Comfortable seating lounge. Can get a bit tight when packed. Decent place to relax and have a drink and/or meet up with friends for pre-party or getting that one last drink before heading to the elevators for a snooze at 5am. Drinks are Vegas prices. oh well.
5	Stayed at the MGM and this lounge was right next to the elevators. It's a great place to people watch and grab a drink when you don't want to travel far. The drinks are not bad by Vegas standards and the staff were great - even when I'm sure we were a little intoxicated (thanks Chris!). Will definitely visit again the next time I'm in town.
5	Had a blast here! Drank for free all night cause we were gambling at the bar, funny as all hell to watch all the drunk girls come & go. Awesome Bartending Staff! Josh is one of the best bartenders ever. Nice vibe in this place, great music, Partied w/my group of  6 people until 4 am. Totally made our last night in Vegas an awesome. MGM sure knows how to treat their customers.
3	One of the few non-traditional margaritas I like.The wife wanted to play the yet-to-pay-out-progressive "Lion's Share" slot at MGM Grand. In my quest to get a good margarita wherever I go, I skipped the free drinks and spotted Zuri. They listed a margarita among their signature cocktails with Don Julio Blanco and Tuaca. In my experience, bars tend not to do stupid things with Don Julio, so I asked the bartender about  Tuaca. He started describing it but then said, "...but I've never actually had it so I think you just need a taste." He poured about a half shot, I liked it (Vanilla and citrus), so I got the drink. For something not traditional, it was pretty good. I usually won't like any margarita that strays too far from the basics. This is one of the only "alternate" margaritas I would (and did) order again.  So, points to the bartender for letting me taste what I was getting myself into and points to whoever created the drink for finding something not traditional that wasn't awful.
2	Always bumpin' the music, and I can hear it right as I step out the elevator. They play some good music though. Majority of the population there = people over 40. You sit yourself down, wherever there is an open table/seat..and wait for service....however long that may be. 5 minutes later, we finally saw a server, and had to wave her down ourselves. I ordered a Bloody Mary, and bf got I think Jameson on the rocks with a coke back. My B.M was not yummy. I asked ol' girl if I can have some more tomato juice in there. Which she forgot about, so I had to ask again, and she brought out a cup of it. Even when I put a good amount of tomato juice in the drank, it still wasn't yummy. :/ Hmm. The Spanish olives that they provide in the drink were EXTRA salty as well. No gusta! Went here on Halloween night to get a drink with the parents..service was much better that night.
4	We always loving coming here to have coctails. We could usually get a seat, and the lounge is positioned well for people watching. The bar offerings are expansive, and you can't go wrong with anything they specialize in. I have yet to be disappointed in choosing this venue as a perch for the evening.
1	Walked in, found a two seat table near the bar. Waited about 7 minutes for service and none of the servers ever acknowledged our existence. So I finally decided I'd have to walk up and order directly from the bar if I wanted anything to drink. This occurred on Nov 27, 2012 at 7pm (just in case mgmt. cares enough to look in to it!)
3	We stopped in for a drink before heading to the Lady Gaga show.  A good spot to people watch right along a main walkway, especially with Gaga fans to ogle.
