3	Don't drive to quickly on Providence Rd., as you may pass by Consign by Design! This cute little consignment shop is truly housed in a house - as many other shops are in the Dilworth/Myers Park area. You walk in the front screen door and are immediately faced with a table full of upscale shoes and designer clothing. This shop carries some lovely consigned items, from brands like Dior, Tory Burch, DVF, Gucci, Joe's Jeans, Paige Denim, Vera Wang, etc. The shop itself is pretty crammed with goods, so be aware that if you're looking for something it particular, you'll need to spend a bit of time here. The owner is a delight and she is very helpful to everyone who visits. She can certainly help you find anything you're seeking - be it a new pair of jeans or a cocktail dress for an event. Price wise, items are priced fairly and a good deal of the upscale items have barely been worn. They have a variety of goods - shoes, handbags, denim, dresses, tops, coats and a whole section of upscale maternity wear. I would like to give this place 3.5 stars - it has a great variety of very gently used upscale items at moderate prices. I just wish there was more space to shop around and the hours were a bit more accommodating to those of us who work a standard work week. Regardless, I will definitely go back to shop and score some designer duds for less.
5	This is by far the best consignment store in Charlotte.  I always find fabulous clothes here when I shop. Beverly the owner is very kind, knows her labels and is good at remembering my style.  I always go here first before I shop anywhere else. Beverly will show me things she just got in that are totally my taste and must have items for my "collection". You can tell I'm a total clothes horse.  I have found treasures here that I will pass on to my daughters. If you love fine clothing and don't have a champagne budget to match you will think you have died and gone to heaven!
5	Confession: I am generally a Marshall's bargain hunter kind of gal but recently I was looking to browse for some things a little bit more high end. I drive by this consignment store on my way home from work and I always *think* about stopping in ... so finally I did and I was wowed. This little store, easy to miss, is absolutely bursting at the seams with every bit of clothing, shoes, and accessories that you could imagine. I only had a few minutes to try on a few things - my husband is thankful, I am sure - so I did not make a purchase, but I can't wait to go back. A few caveats ... I was told that I was the "perfect size" to shop here ... hmmm... why thank you, but I am not sure what that means. I definitely got the feeling that there were a lot of sizes represented in clothing - but maybe trending toward the smaller sizes. As for shoes, my big feet (size 9) had no luck. The bags were great - I found three that I could have bought right there on the spot. Self-control, self-control... Definitely check this place out. I can't wait to go back and actually buy something ... or a few somethings.
1	This location is closed. :(
