5	Not all "The Home Depot" stores are made alike. What sets this one apart is the staff. Superior knowledge and courtesy. One trip to this store is like every trip I have made to this store. One day, I dropped in and I asked five separate employees where I can find some of the most diverse things. Every single employee had the answer spot on...no hesitation...no attitude...total courtesy and efficiency. Another day, I had to buy some appliances. The salesman (I thought his name was Steve...taller than the day is long and a real no-nonsense kind of guy...SWB711...he was cabinet sales but helped me with appliances anyway) he remembered me from previously! A couple days later, I came back with some obviously-bone-headed questions, and he helped me find solutions. No hassle, just solutions.A superior experience.
4	This location of Home Depot has been blessed with my presence many times. Sometimes more than once in a day.  I call it, Mountain's Edge's PREMIER home improvement supply store. Premier because it's the closest! Also premier because the staff is very helpful and friendly. The garden department is stellar (now if I could just improve my green thumb to make things live longer than 1 month....)Thank you Home Depot for rescuing us from spending money on a handyman. Thank you Home Depot for providing products that give me the courage to take on any project. Goooooo me!PS. See you soon. kthanksbye.
5	I'm a girly-girl...in Home Depot...enough said. I had to visit this fine establishment to find some wood stain (I was an idiot and spilled nail polish remover on my parent's new kitchen table) and I had NO CLUE as to what I needed. A  very nice and understanding gentleman  in the paint department guided me to the perfect product. If he thought I was a ra-tard he didn't show it (and he had every right to think that)....he must have been married and/or have daughters. Will always come back to this Home Depot if I have any more whoopsies.
5	Price is moderate for many of the things I need, though I recognize it's hard to cheaply run a store chain that's as convenient as 7-Eleven with the selection of Wal-Mart staffed by people who couldn't be more motivated and ultra-skilled if you pumped them full of happy pills and magic faerie dust.Always a good experience for me. I probably spend more time here than most any other retail outlet (just look at my checkins). This place suits me really nicely.
3	this is our local home depot & we come here frequently to buy things when necessary.  they have all the major items ppl go to home improvement stores for... sinks, wood, paint... organizers, screws.... etc.  whatever.  I don't care what's in a store if I've had a bad customer service experience.  I went into the store yesterday with my family to buy some paint and tools...  my husband was as usual taking his sweet ass time looking at tools, so me & the 13 year old daughter stood and waited by the register and watched the goings on around us.  minutes pass and an older man and a woman csr come walking towards us.  she made it obvious by the tone of her voice that she was irritated by the question the man was asking.  it went something like this: csr: what was that? mol-lay? man: mole? mole.  [screw motion]-i should mention here that the man was not rude.... about 3 feet shorter then the csr, and soft spoken. csr: let me ask someone... [walks up to another csr who's is guiding whatever it was..  cage on wheels, dolly.. whatever.]csr 1: do you know where the mol-lays are? csr 2: ?? csr 1: see! [throws her hands up] I'm not the only one who doesn't understand!me: whaaaathefuuh...??daughter: mommy.csr 1: [walks away from man to talk to csr 3 @ the register]  'it's not my fault I can't understand what he's saying! [blah blah blah.. rant rant rant..]that was enough, she needed to be shut up.me: why it gotta be like that? he's just asking for help?csr 2: shrugs and continues to walk on.me: you could be kinder miss, you don't have to continue to talk about it.  next time   just find someone else to help, there's no need to be rude. csr 1: stares at me for a minute. -eye contactI believe there was an eyebrow lift on my part...  she makes herself busy and walks awayI mentioned loudly to her something about... giiiirl... never again, notify.... that was rude.... management.  you get the picture.  I could not believe it. I was pretty livid & my daughter says, 'wow.' I let her know that that was not right.  right is right.  that should not be an attitude given to ppl. especially when someone is asking for help.  I found the older man maybe 10minutes later in the aisle holding the mo-lays and asked if he had found what he was looking for because I saw that he didn't get any help earlier..   he tells me that he has and that they didn't even help or try to figure out what it was he was asking for.  but he found it.I guess that could be the point.. but the sad part is... it's not.  kindness... humanity, respect.  just a little more from ppl.I guess I just expect more. idk.if your a csr, be a kind one.  language barriers are tough, but patience is a virtue.
4	This is my local Home Depot and I come here for all my home improvement needs. I recently made a trip for a couple of things and a home depot person saw that I was lost or overwhelmed and he offered his help. From helping me find ant killer, to garage insulation, to a stud finder, Brian found everything on my list. Since he was so helpful I also asked about those larger projects like attic insulation and patio covers. It turns out that Home Depot has a projects desk in which their vendors come out to your house to give you a quote on the spot. Rita from the desk helped me make those appointments on a Saturday, since I get off late from work. The reason this review is one less star is because I was annoyed when a cabinet resurfacing sales person interrupted me in my search for tile. It was rather aggressive and rude when he kept on asking me to make an appointment when I told him I wasn't interested and I would come back when I'm ready.
5	I moved to the side of town recently and I've been to this home depot a few times already. Usually I dread going to Home depot because Im a girl and the employees are often rude but not this home depot Everyone is super sweet and very helpful. There was a greeter at the front door who directed me right when I walked in where I needed to go. On the way to the paint section I had two employees ask if I needed help. When I went to check out their was no line which is always nice :] a place that has enough staff always makes everything smoother!
1	My review is NOT about Home Depot so much as the Hampton Bay products that they carry.  I bought a 4 light bathroom fixture and of course while putting it up broke one of the globes.  Went to get another globe and guess what?  They don't carry them.  Went to all the stores in Las Vegas except one and got the same thing.  Given a Hampton Bay website and phone # and was told on the phone that even they couldn't get replacements from CHINA!  Well, needless to say, I'm out $59.95 for the fixture and have to purchase another one.DO NOT BUY HAMPTON BAY LIGHTING!  Charles Abinante
4	What can I say it's a Home Depot. For all your home project needs. Staff is always willing to help, answer questions and show you where to find what you need. Love their new gas grill canister exchange system outside the store, no need to go inside and wait for someone to help you, it's all automated. This store is convenient to our home so we visit this store often.
5	I have been to 2 different locations of Home Depot.. One at SW area Arroyd Crossing Pkwy and One at Henderson E Serene.  Great customer service on both places, they are very consistent about their service.  Their staff assist us over 1 hour and answer all the questions professionally.
5	Belinda was great!  There was also a very nice man from Long Island (I didn't catch his name), he worked in the Rentals department. Both of these two employees knew what they were doing and were willing to help. Very refreshing Customer Service, I usually go to the one on Decatur but I will be sticking with this one from now on!
3	Some people sure love their home projects....painting, gutting the kitchen, creating an accent wall, replacing bathroom sinks, shopping for a new front door, garage door openers, gardening, buying more tools....puke.  I am not one of these fucking people.  I walk into Home Depot and just look at more money I need to spend on shit I'd rather not be buying or working on in my free time.  It's really my least favorite retail store to walk into. They all smell the same and I have to decide whether to park by the entrance and then walk a longer way back to my car since the exit is on the other side of the store or vice versa.    But everyone is as helpful as they can possibly be when I need it and they'll answer every stupid question I have since I am not the most handy guy on the planet.
4	Can't complain about a place that has pretty much everything you could possibly need for home repair etc...  Cant give it a 5-Star since they dont have anyone anywhere to help you.  They have definitely cut back on Employees including a self Check out....    But its better than Home Depot going out of Business
2	Originally, I intended to give this location only one star in response to an incident that occured.  To start out, let me make it known that I HATE self checkout lanes.  They're overly sensitive to weight, there are never enough bags for my items and they're generally small and crammed areas.  Not to mention that I work over eight hours a day and I hardly look forward to having to ring up and bag my own purchases.  Once upon a time, I assumed that the only perk to these annoying machines is that I will always get back exact change and have an accurate receipt of my purchases...that these machines are supposed to be efficient.  I was wrong.Very recently, I went to this location to purchase a new fill valve to replace my downstairs toilet.  After I picked out my items, I went to the front to make my purchase at the only lines open...self checkout.  That's another thing that bugs me, there are customers out there like myself that don't want to use self checkout, but have no choice when that's all a store will keep open.  But, I digress, I rang up my items and paid with a $50.00 bill for a total amount of $14.78.  I thought it was a routinely typical purchase until I tried to use one of the $10.00 bills I had received back to pay for dinner.  Turns out that the self checkout machine had handed me back a counterfeit bill.  When I asked for the bill back so that I could bring it back to Home Depot, the restaurant refused (as I've learned is proper procedures, after which they are supposed to call the police and the police hand the bill over to a counterfeit division of the Secret Service).So, I got home, and my roommate called Home Depot and explained the situation to their manager.  After some back and forth he agreed to provide us with a store credit to make up for their error.  Once again, the store manager did a great job of trying to turn this situation around, but it irks me that a machine built for efficiency couldn't even do the job that a teenager did in a drive thru window half an hour later.
4	for your general purpose stuff this one by my house has pretty much everything i need. if you can read the signs you can usually find everything, but when you cant employees are always checking to see if you need help. always a good experience.
4	I really like this Home Depot. This location is close, big, and has lots of employees, who are knowledgeable and friendly.As with all Home Depot stores, this place is huge! So, you might get lost if you aren't familiar. I typically search online and then come in store.I like that you can order online and pick up in-store too. Very convenient.And, if you are like me, you can use self-checkout if you are in to buy just a few things.
5	HD is one of my favorite store...Yes, I know this place has nothing to do with shoes or outfits, but they are very fashionable when it come to your house needs!Great prices too! Even if you're not a hands on type of person they always have somebody more than happy to show you how to do whatever you need!Buying a house now, so I'm here few times a month looking for new stuff, from paint, to window treatments, to appliances! Check it out!
2	Good selection of products that are affordable however, the staff leaves much to be desired. You have to literally hunt them down to get any decent service. They lost a 3 grand sale in carpet materials from me because I got tired of waiting after asking for help several times. I even came back later in the day but nobody is around the carpet department who gives a damn. Jerks!
2	Went looking for a few things for the new house. Wasn't approached at all by any staff. Even though a lot were looking directly at me looking completely lost. Ended up just going to Wal Mart where I know where everything is. Could've been different if i wasnt getting the cold shoulder and wasn't offered any help
4	Although I worked at and prefer the Mom & Pop hardware stores, I have a hard time finding one close to my house.  Rarely do I come to Home Depot and not get what I need for a decent price.  I've noticed as a chain Home Depot employees have also become increasingly friendly to help you navigate all the aisles.While it's some what of a pain to walk through the massive store to just get one item, I do and the item I buy (Google: Monkey Hooks) is well worth it!
4	Review is for outside garden area only....I was in need of larger pots and some more soil, but I love to walk around the garden section and browse all the plants,shrubs, and trees. Since I am a fairly new transplant from CA I like to see what different kind of plants are sold to grow here in the lovely desert.. Mostly succulents and low water plants.(All but one of the potted plants I brought from CA died last summer, so I am in need of some new ones). The staff was very helpful and seemed very happy to be working there. I will return soon I am sure.
5	I needed special hardware to bolt two pieces of an "L" desk together. Although they didn't have the exact piece I needed, we were able to come up with an alternative which in the end totaled less than $10. I'm very shocked and incredibly pleased by the customer service at this location. An extra thank you to Cody and Kelli for going above and beyond my expectations. This is definitely MY home improvement center.
4	I love this location of the Home Depot! It's almost like it is a "secret" location or something because it never seems to be crowded or overrun. There are always plenty of employees around to help; I was in there last week and I kid you not, at least half a dozen people asked if they could help me. Maybe it's because I'm female and I tend to have that "deer-in-headlights" gaze when I walk into the plumbing section of a home improvement store? Who knows. But I do know everyone is always helpful, friendly and super welcoming whenever I'm in this place. Decent prices, well stocked and a clean and neat store.
5	I like Rocky. He's very nice, he's tolerating me quite nicely.
3	Pros: Everything you need for home improvement.  Staff is always decent.  Cons:  Hours of operation.   I know they start early, but I wish they were open until 10P minimum.
3	It's your standard Home Depot. Although, you don't see any Mexicans waiting in the parking lot getting picked up for manual labor jobs at this location.
1	I walked in there at 5:30 pm yesterday straight from work to buy some screws for my motorcycle.  I was directed to the screws and fastener section in which was overwhelming to me due to the nature of the screws I was looking for.  I asked a nice associate for help, in which she promptly go on the phone to ask someone to assist me.  After about 9-10minutes, no one came to help me (and believe me it was NOT busy).  I then asked the same young lady to ask again for someone to help me;  and again, after about ANOTHER 10 minutes, I found the screws that I wanted and went to the cashier, who's name is Ryan (great guy, by the way).  I told him how frustrated I was about having to wait 20 minutes for help for measly screws and that I wanted to speak to the manager (Tonja Barnicle) but he quickly looked around and didn't see her (no surprise there!).  I then did not want to lose any more time of my life having him track her down, so I handed him my card and asked if he could tell her to call me so that I could express my frustration with my situation.Another surprise!  The call never came, FURTHER angering me!This is not the first time that I have had to wait a long time for assistance from this store, in fact other customers were waiting for assistance with me and they all were complaining about this being a regular issue. This gives me and many others that they do not value their customers' time OR they have cut back so much on labor to save money that people will get frustrated and leave and not spend more or be up sold on recommended products.  HIRE MORE PEOPLE, Home Depot.  I would rather pay a bit more than have to wait around for help!
2	Aye Yai Yai! Came here to get a new garden started. Needed wood. I have no home reno/construction skills, okay, so usually I measure what's needed and they cut it in the lumber area for me. I know, I'm that annoying person but I do tip whoever helps me!The day I went, loaded up the lumber...headed down to the saw. Waited for 20 minutes while they called over the loud speaker to send someone over. Waited 20 MINUTES. That a really long effing time when you are just standing there.. waiting...grrrrr. Gentleman walks up, guess what!? I'm informed that, "ALL of their saw machines are out of order today." Ugh. Of course they are. Not impressed with their wood selection for outdoor projects. Would love to see some bamboo and teak for special finishes. These are the pro's: They receive an extra star for bulking up the garden section, extended through the parking lot right now. Their selection of garden varieties for vegetable & herb gardens are great currently. The employees are usually good and helpful. There is a gentleman in the paint department who, IMHO, is the guru. I trust his opinion on primers and such, very much.
5	Great experience at this Home Depot. The employees seem to take pride on helping the customers. Good job guys!We bought flooring and Karen and Judy are dolls! Karen took the extra 5 miles to help us above and beyond. Seriously. If you need flooring ask for her, she's a sweetheart. When it was time to pick up our order, Amanda at service dept. was great also. She helped get our items loaded on my truck with ease.Good service from other employees, no one was a snob or rude. The loaders were even friendly! Definitely better service than the Home Depot back home... LV does it better?? lol
4	A while back, I renewed all my home flooring through Home Depot. The staff at the flooring section was very helpful and knew their stuff. Chose some pretty affordable carpet and tile and they gave me a pretty detailed estimate of what everything would cost including labor and some extras I probably wouldn't have thought of, like thresholds and grout. I went with new carpet, bathroom tile and engineered wood flooring. I opted to have the carpet and tile installation done through the store's contractors. They were prompt and each took only a few hours to install. To save money, I installed my own wood floors, relocated toilets and pedestal sink before tile installation and removed some of the old carpet myself. Yes, removal of old carpet and putting the toilet back are added costs. Sigh. But everything was discussed upfront so there were no surprises. Pretty happy with the work and the materials.
1	Bar far the lowest rated Home Depot I have ever shopped at. and we are talking 5 states. well, okay, I'm talking five states. I am here doing a 4800sf remodel. I've also been busy with other handyman jobs.  I took a list of what I am replacing on the remodel, sizes counts, etc. to the Pro-Shop. they were very responsive as long as you are in the store. They were going to get the  information on things like closet doors. the one I am replacing has three 36" doors with two tracks. Their closet expert was not in so they asked me to come back to speak with him. meanwhile another person was going to track most of the other items down for me.I went back to the "expert" and was told I should just go to Johnson supply. I didn''t get any information on options, styles etc. Well, I've been doing this for awhile so I can and usually find the best deals. I have been doing small jobs since relocating to Vegas a year ago.  When I am pressed for time and I am not sure of a size or color, etc. I usually buy  a couple of a product to avoid having to go back and forth. A couple of month ago I took several item that had accumulated over time to the  return desk at 9pm on a weeknight. I have a couple items I purchased at this store the day before. the girl said it was not their item, they did not sell it. when I explained I just bought it the day before she said I must be mistaken. I turned around went to the isle across from customer service desk picked it off the shelf and walked another one back  to her. She didn't acknowledge her mistake and proceeded to do the same thing with two other items. I had forgotten my receipt and my DL was not in my wallet. So I had to return the next day. That night I told her I had picked up an order the day before and asked if anyone turned in a DL. She said NO. After leaving I realized, she didn't even check, or ask anyone.  This girl had serious attitude issues. About a week later I was at the return desk again. the lady there was very nice an helpful. My situation was going to take a few minutes so she tols the guy behind me to go over to customer service desk.....guess who was there. 60 seconds later, she was yelling to the girl helping me complaining she was sent a customer. This particular store needs new management. I've had two other issues with employees there with attitudes or questioning the (correct) information I am giving them. I have recently spent 6k. at LOWES since I no longer go to this store. I have also taken my customers to LOWES for materials. I think in the year I have lived here I have taken 12,000.00 in business to them. Plus the  things I needed to buy for this remodel. I did email HD about this store. I have to say, they were very anxious to discuss my issues with me.  Unfortunately, I has very busy that week.  HD does not mess around when it comes to customer satisfaction. if you ever have an issue with a store, their employees, management, etc. so to the website and email customer support.  you'll be surprised by  their response.  great business model. unfortunately, some stores need better management. this store will cost them over 20k. in business over the next 30 to 60 days, its all going to LOWES or amazon.
5	I am very greatful for Home Depot at Arroyo Crossing.  I have been to this  store for all  my home and garden projects.  Overall, my four years shopping at this store has been positive experiences.  Staffs are friendly and helpful.
5	Everyone was so helpful and sweet when I came to buy my husband a new grill. Thank you Keith especially! You were awesome in all ways! This is the Home Depot to shop.
4	I've found that pretty much All the employees at Home Depot are pretty friendly accommodating and always asking you if you need help. I recently purchased a $200 artificial Christmas tree after watching it for weeks for upcoming sales. Of course it went on sale from 11/28-11/30 for $79. I called and asked if they would honor a price adjustment. They said no. I was even willing to take the tree down and bring into store and return then buy for sale price bc $120 is a lot of money. They also told me no. I was frustrated and ended the phone call. Not a minute later the manager called me back, knew my name and said they would honor a price adjustment. This,to me, is excellent customer service and this Home Depot had scored extra points with me. It's always worth asking and expressing your feelings, but in a polite way of course
5	I bought a Christmas tree at the flamingo 215 location only to discover when I got home that half of it was browning and it was brittle and not drinking any water. I was bummed that I bought a dead tree. We bought it at night so could only judge the fullness And didn't see much else because the lot was outside and not lit at all. That dead tree should not have been on the lot for sale...I called my local Home Depot, the arroyo location, the next day. I explained the situation and spoke to a couple different people, all of whom were very friendly and they assured me that if I brought the tree back with my receipt that they would take care of me. I brought it in today and went straight to the returns department, and the nice man there named John remembered that I had called the previous day. He walked us over to the tree lot in gardening and made sure to notify them about my situation and that I would just swap the tree out and it was all taken care of. Another gentleman named Steve took over and helped us choose a replacement tree. He was extremely friendly and very helpful. The service was not only great but efficient and quick. I never felt rushed, or judged or given a hard time for wanting to do such an unusual exchange. Everyone was super helpful every step of the exchange. Aside from our exchange situation I did observe other shoppers and they have a very efficient and well staffed operation for the holidays. I highly recommend getting your tree here! Before we could even pull up the car with the old tree our new tree was already trimmed and netted and ready to go! Thanks to the team at the arroyo location  especially to Steve and John for saving my holiday season and allowing me to have a fresh tree!
1	Be careful if you try to shop there near closing time because the entire staff will try to hustle you out versus helping you make decisions on expensive products. Their loss I guess.
