5	Came in, got what I needed(someone offered help)  and I don't know if it's a gender thing, but my sister and I received doorman service for exiting. That's definitely polite. Thanks for that extra lap.
1	I went in the store to check alternator.The guy doesn't know how to do it. I waited for while and he started looking for a connector for my suburban. And he told me that they don't have the connector for it.  It's one of most popular SUV.But they don't have it. It's hard to believe.I didn't want to waste my time, so I bought a new alternator.
3	Good service overall, but the staff is typical of many modern American company's... They think that they can cut costs by hiring untrained staff...thinking they will learn OJT.
5	Many,many car parts available!! Joseph and his staff are great! I haven't come across anyone who has not been able to answer my ?'s.  Although, I'm not a huge car person, I have a car and they have helped me with my car issues. Water pump, thermostat, cables etc... thank you kindly
5	This place is amazing. They will assist you in any way. They offer the cheapest part and will help you with minor work - in my case changing a head light.Super clean store, nicely laid out, and amazing customer service.
3	Usually when I come to ANY AutoZone I am treated with respect. I am not a gearhead or a mathematician, but I can certainly see the benefit of saving a bunch of dollars by changing my own oil.Also, wiper blades dry up out here faster than my mouth after a joint...chief's-sponsored twinky eating contest. Wow, apparently I am not much of a writer either.They give good advice and don't push too much extra stuff you really don't need. Plus they recycle your old motor-oil for free.Thank you auto zone! Old Bessy (my 2003 Ford truck) loves you, and so do I.
5	Went in today as my headlight was out.  They came out to check and all it was is a loose connection. Thanks for being honest!!!
4	I've stopped at this AutoZone when I've needed small things for my cars.  I am not a do it yourself kind of person so it's always for something easy.My xTerra has a burned out stop light bulb and I went here yesterday to get a replacement.  Having watched a YouTube video on changing the bulb, I felt like I was Super Mechanic as I sauntered in the store.I found the booklet with the list of cars and found the number bulb I needed.  The gentleman who was at the counter verified my choice and I got the correct replacement.  I then asked him about changing the license plate bulbs to LED bulbs.  He came outside to my car, got down on the ground, and showed me how easy it is to change them.  I bought the two LED bulbs.I have always found the people who staff the store to be very helpful like this.  They go above and beyond to help.  Now if the guy would just bring me a socket set, I'd be able to change the bulb for which I went.  OK, I'll borrow a socket set from a hiking friend.  And, I'll continue to stop here for this kind of minor thing.
5	I've always trusted AutoZone but I received exemplary service this time.  My battery was dead and they promptly switched it out without trying to upsell. Joe, Alex and Ella were super-friendly and efficient.  I will definitely go back.
3	Helpful staff helped me find two parts a home-bound mechanic friend needed. Unfortunately they did not have a variety of sizes for their wire connectors, and other than 14/16 and occasional 18/20 butt pieces, they didn't have 18 gauge sizes for anything. Very odd.Ultimately was able to find passable parts courtesy of the help of a gentleman who was doing stock in the back room and saw me looking through the smaller parts section in confusion while chatting on my phone to my friend.Though this guy was really sweet about coming out to help me even though he's clearly not floor staff, the front desk clerk had the personality of a piece of notebook paper and other than asking me of I needed a bag, didn't say anything else to me- didn't even tell me my total charge or say thank you. Unusual.
3	Sub par service. I started with a guy named Cody who was not friendly or professional. He started helping me then told me to wait then called me back to the counter, at which point he said he really needed to leave.I needed a headlight for a friend's car and didn't know the year.  His coworker, Alex, suggested checking under the hood. I popped the hood, he instead checked the door and said it was a 2002. Then he said 2004. I said check under the hood, as Alex had mentioned, at which point he determined it was a 2005. Once inside, he gave me price ranges between $17 as the cheapest and $60 as most expensive. Clearly I have no product knowledge and asked for whatever was the standard. He picked one and then Alex came back over and said the one he picked didn't match the one I already had, and to go with the standard (sounds familiar?) He then asked Alex to finish with me, saying again he really needed to go and then starts asking about scheduling. Um, please go. Alex's choice was actually $16, so cheaper than the "cheapest" that Cody had suggested. I don't care about price, I care about customer service. Alex seemed knowledgeable,  but no offer to put the light in for me. I drove to Jiffy Lube up the street and offered the man a tip to install it. Took 2 minutes. I'd go back, but Cody was off putting, not wise if you want women as part of your clientele.
5	I Stopped by for oil change and tune up goodies, the counter guy was totally knowledgeable and helpful as always.
3	Checked the fluid levels in my car and brake fluid was low.  Stopped in.  Got what I needed.  Got out. No hassle nice and fast.  Nothing to dislike about that!
