5	I met the owners of this repair store and they are so cute and reallyknow their business. They were able to complete my small repairwhile I waited, this was so nice. They have been doingthis for over 20 years.  Ask them any questions pertaining to thequality or service of a watch and they will have the answer.  Allservice is done in house, so there is no need for shipping.   Ireally enjoyed my conversation with them and would recommend toeveryone.  Location is great - NE corner of Warner & McClintock.
5	Great Service and Great Location Young couple that has been in this type business for over 20 years. Very nice and knowledgeable, was able to get a small Repair done while I waited. Business is doing well for them, they just hired another watchmaker. I would recommend them to anyone needing service or repair.
5	Went here to have my watch battery changed. Quick, easy service and I was out the door in 5 min.
5	Very nice and quick.  Cost me only 8 bucks to have them replace the battery in my watch! In and out in ten minutes!
5	Stopped in to have my watch battery replaced and found the service to be friendly and quick.  I'll be going back to them in the future.
5	My omega needs to be cleaned inside the dial. Dave went extra miles by checking it and quoted me a very affordable price to clean up. His wife called to let me know it was ready next day. They are super friendly. The store is clean and modern, it is also a retail store for several brands. Will come back for sure.
5	I bought an Swiss-made TAG/Heuer watch for a really good price on eBay.  Dave Donaldson evaluated its condition and authenticity free of charge.  Yes, it was a real TAG -- phew! -- but also a "Certified Swiss Chronometer", a distinction awarded to only 3% of the most accurate of all Swiss watches.  It didn't appear to have ever had the major, 5-year overhaul that these watches require (it was about 10 years old).Naturally I'm inclined to have the work done locally but, just as a check, I consulted TAG/Heuer's website, which indicated an overhaul price almost exactly the same as Donaldson's.  But -- reading the fine print, and a phone call later, I learned that TAG's price for overhauling a Certified Chronometer (vs. an ordinary TAG) would be nearly twice the cost!  Apparently, as was intimated to me by the TAG rep, for most watches they don't actually overhaul the watch per se -- they simply replace the entire movement.  Except that, in the case of a Certified Chronometer, the movement's serial number is registered with the Swiss watchmaking authorities, so they have to treat everything with kid gloves, replacing or adjusting each individual component as needed.  Which, Dave would say, is simply called "horology".  Needless to say, I had Dave do the job, and he overhauled, regulated, pressure checked, and polished this watch, making it appear almost brand-new.  And the accuracy?  Try 1 to 2 seconds per day, which well exceeds the Swiss Chronometer requirements of 4 to 6 seconds per day.  Horology is clearly Dave's passion, and he's more than willing to converse at length on the subject, at whatever level of technical detail you're comfortable with -- and as an engineer, my questions do tend to be more technical and geeky. Highly recommended.
5	Just had two watches worked on by Dave and his staff  - great service - great store - Dave has been in the watch business for years and gave me a great lesson on what heppend to my watch  - and watches in general   - Dave acctualy just hung-out with me for about 30 minutes and " talked-shop" - they also carry some great lines of watches - great experience  - great store - top notch business - I'm going back to get a band fixed on another watch next week.  Check-out their line of Reactor Watches - nice big and chunky  - very cool  - hope to get one of those soon - 5 stars  - nice job Dave and Staff !!!!
5	I brought my Luminox watch of 15 yrs to Dave and Christine's shop today thinking I would drop it off and sometime next week I would get the bad news. INSTEAD Christine took my watch back to Dave to look at it immediately and within less than five minutes my watch was fixed! I was so happy for same day service I would pay any amount but Christine said no charge! She knew I was a first time customer and all she said was tell your friends! I will tell everyone I know how wonderful a small business is compared to the big box corporations! PEOPLE ALWAYS SHOP LOCAL!! Next time I have a watch issue or want to replace my old beauty I will shop at Dave and Christine Donaldsons watch shop!!
5	I have used Donaldson Watch & Repar a couple of times now for my TAG watch repair/service.  They have been very easy to deal with and do a professional job!  I would recommend this place if you need any work done on your watches, etc.  They also sell watches that there store.
1	I won't list my watch to remain anonymous, but suffice to say it's a multi-thousand dollar high end brand that any decent watch repair shop should be able to handle as the movement isn't exotic.  I brought it in to have the movement serviced and the case refinished.  Dave does the movement service and has someone else do the case refinishing.Let me just start by saying Dave needs to fire the person who does the refinishing.  He/she did catastrophic damage to the case which ended up costing me hundreds of dollars to have touched up as best as possible (by someone who actually knows what they're doing).  To paraphrase a second watch repairer's opinion of the work: doesn't know what they're doing [and] too heavy with a polishing wheel.  I wasn't being picky, if I showed you a picture of the work, even a complete novice would be able to tell it was butchered.Let's move on then to what Dave did himself.  The watch had never been serviced before, both to my knowledge (I bought it second hand) and quoted from Dave upon inspection, so anything done internally is all on him.  To start with: the crystal was scratched from the inside, the hands, were marred either by grime or scratch.  I had to have both of these parts replaced which ended up costing hundreds further (sapphire crystals are expensive).  The date, which is supposed to click over within a few minutes of midnight per specifications was clicking over 20 minutes early.  To quote the second horologist, that indicates sloppy workmanship in replacing the hands after removal.It ended up costing me around $800 in parts and labor to have the watch properly serviced and Dave's and company's mistakes cleaned up.  I wouldn't trust him to do more than change a battery.
1	I've been a customer here for a number of years.  Always had good service until recently.  I went into the store to have batteries and service done on five watches.  While I was there I noticed they started carrying Glycine watches which I've had my eye on for a while.A young salesperson quoted me a price of $2,900.00 for one of the Airmen Multi-Time Zone watches that they were selling on consignment.   I knew it was a good price but needed to think on it.  When I got home my wife said she would buy it for me for Father's day so I turned right around the same afternoon (less than 30 minutes later) and when back to the store.When I returned, I was told by the salesperson that he misquoted the price and he had actually quoted me cost.  He then said it was $7,875 for the same watch.  I reminded him what he quoted me and offered a price of $3,500 which made him $600 profit and I would still feel like I got a good price.  I felt it was very reasonable of me to do that in light of the salesperson's mistake.  This way, he wins, I win.The salesperson left and spoke with David Donaldson the owner and returned with a price of $6,300.  I told him that I drove all the way back specifically based on the $2,900 price I had originally been quoted.  David then came out and told me that the salesman was new (he isn't...he's been there for at least six months as he helped me the last time I had a battery replaced) and that he couldn't afford to sell the watch to me at that price and furthermore he was willing to lose a customer over his salesperson's mistake.  He said he couldn't afford to sell me the watch because he was a small business owner and it would cost him a month's rent.$3,500 minus $2,900 = $600 profit for a watch that he had less than a week.  Pretty good return in my book.  I'm in sales and have people work for me too.  When one of my guys quotes a price and it's wrong, I have to eat it.  I may not like it but it's the right thing to do.  It has cost me thousands of dollars before, but it's the right thing to do.  THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT. So yes Dave you have lost a customer but in the world of online reviews and customer satisfaction, the way you treated me will cost you a lot more in missed business from people who read this review and won't like the way you do business.  It's called opportunity loss and your treatment of me will cost you a lot more than the missed excess profits you lost from being disrespectful and unreasonable with a good customer.  Remember, I offered you a price above cost to be fair and you still treated me poorly.  I then got a call from them the next day asking me to come pick up the watches I had left there for repair.  Really?  How childish and immature is that?  I gladly picked them up.I then found the exact Glycine watch and serial number listed for sale for $1,795 on www.chrono24.com by Feel Good Watches, Inc. a Scottsdale, AZ reseller. So the watches weren't even owned by Donaldson to sell, but rather were gray market watches that were put in his store on consignment.  I confirmed this with Feel Good Watches personally who indicated the watches were owned by a third party, most likely another jeweler.  David Donaldson was not only trying to gouge me in price, but he was selling gray market watches himself which I think is funny considering the owner's post below referencing other gray market watch resellers.   This just goes to show they are liars and dishonest.  The owner  makes reference in her response to not being able to sell below cost...the cost was $1,795 dollars which was the price the exact watch was available for sale on chrono24.com.  Secondly...I find it ironic they refer to cost when they in fact didn't even own the watches in the first place.The owner has made a statement that the watches were properly marked and price.  This is a lie. There was no price tag on the watch.  I know that because the tag on the watch has a number of 3883 on it which I asked if this was the original price and I was told it was the watch model and serial numbers.  The salesperson then quoted me a price of $2,900 and told me what a great price that was.   The salesperson knowingly quoted me the price and even though he had been there 90 days, I would hardly say he was new.    The salesperson  didn't hesitate at all in quoting me the original price of $2,900.  There was no miscommunication on my part.BOTTOM LINE.  AS BUSINESS OWNERS YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THE LIES YOU CONTINUE TO CREATE.  YOU SHOULD JUST COME CLEAN.  DO NOT BUY A WATCH FROM THIS BUSINESS AS NOT ONLY IS DAVID DONALDSON DISHONEST, BUT SO IS HIS WIFE.  I guess the whole mix up was a blessing in disguise as I would have way overpaid for the watch and I could have gotten it for half what I had offered him in good faith.  Buyer beware.  I'm going to stick with a different brand now and I'll never set foot in this poor business again.  Neither should you.CONSUMERS BEWARE!
5	Super service and  great selection of products for all pocketbooks. We purchased graduation, birthday and retirement gifts from Dave and Christine. They  ttreat watch repair and  sales as an art. Recently a partner of our law firm asked Dave to restore his grandmother's pocket watch for  his daughter.  Only Donaldson's has the international connections to seek out and obtain rare parts and the craftsmanship to make them work in a 100 year old family heirloom. I look forward to their expansion into Chandler.  They have worked hard to make this 20 year old business be successful as well as honorable.The reviewer Thane needs to stop his relentless chatter. His attempts to  malign this business are only going to result in more loyal customers like me telling the many ways Donaldson's have gone above and beyond to serve their loyal customers. The Donaldson's are above reproach.
5	I went in to get a TAG repaired. A screw had come loose that was stopping the movement. It had been previously worked on at another store at the Biltmore. Dave took a quick look at it and fixed it in 5 minutes. No charge. Very friendly and will definitely be back.
1	this place kept my watch for more than three weeks just to replace a cracked crystal.  they claimed the manufacturer needs 4-6 weeks to ship the part, but when i called the manufacturer myself i was told it would normally be here in three days- overnight, if i paid for that shipping option.  they said they keep the part in stock and it would go out the same day.  when confronted about the delay, they said they no longer wanted the "hassle" of doing the job and to send someone to pick up the watch unfixed.  when i went down to get it they closed early.  refused my phone calls.  completely childish behavior, not businesslike at all.  the Amy's Baking Co of watches, apparently!
5	Had my battery replaced in mins and the price was very reasonable.
5	Recently brought my Omega Seamaster to get a new battery and a re-seal.  Excellent professional service.  Owner Dave helped me out going the extra mile answering questions about serial numbers etc. (original jeweler screwed up warranty card).A great place to bring your nicer time pieces for repair.Would definitely return.
5	Had to get some links taken out of a new watch, they charged $15 and it took less than 5 minutes, they even showed me how to make adjustments at home if needed. Definite repeat customer.
5	Best place to have work done I took a family heirloom watch and the repair was top notch.
5	Super-fast, super-friendly, and knowledgeable, they sized my new watch perfectly in just minutes and at a very reasonable rate.
5	In and out in 4 minutes for a watch repair - you can count me impressed.Total was $11 and they have a loyalty card for 1 free battery for every 6 changes.Now I can tell time again :P
4	Donaldson's on Warner is a great watch shop to bring your expensive Swiss timepiece for a battery change or service without paying the huge premiums the Swiss watch "retail" shops charge. They have worked on my Tag Heuer twice: once for a full cleaning and today for a quick battery change (took about 8 minutes). They can pressure test timepieces for water tightness and work on all types and brands. The lady that waited on me was very friendly and knowledgeable. She recommended some different options but was not pushy about them when I declined. I recommend this shop and will continue using them.
5	I have taken my Tag here twice now. Both times everything has been accomplished on time and well below what I have paid at jewelry stores and watch retailers.
1	Just a warning to others if you are into building your own watches or boutique brands like I am.  I decided to try them since my in town guy moved back to France.  This store will only work on "name brand" watches even though they have a certified horologist at their location.  I brought in a custom watch case designed to fit an ETA 2836 movement, a SW220 movement (which anyone knows is a Swiss copy of the 2836 movement), a custom sterile dial for the movement, and custom hands for the movement.  All sourced from separate reputable companies.  All parts were there including movement rings for the case (it came with it and was inside).  However because it was not a "name brand", their words, they wouldn't work on it.  Their business their rules, just be warned if you didn't happen to buy your watch at the mall. I would hope the owners decide to branch out and help those of use who don't just own the big name watches.  There is so much more to the watch world then the few big Swiss companies and those owned by ETA.  As ETA is no longer selling ETA movements to non ETA owned companies, many more watch brands are using SW220 movements.
