3	This is a new Pizza joint opened up 2 days ago.  I've been keeping my eye on this place because I'm a pizza fan and it's on my commute on Maryland.  When I saw the "now open" sign I was excited to get a slice.I walked into the long skinny building and ordered a medium Hawaiian pizza for take out.  I only waited about 10 minutes and was on my way home.  The toppings were fresh.  The pineapple was big and juicy, the Canadian Bacon was great.  They do not skip on the sauce and cheese.  The mozzarella was excellent, the sauce was great.  The crust tasted good but it was just a little too soft for me.I highly recommend checking this place out.  I will be back to try more pizza and maybe some wings.
4	This place is literally right across the street from my house so I was anxious to give it a try, can't get any closer than this! I just ordered a double pepperoni pizza with their famous thin crust. It was absolutely delicious, I was not disappointed! They were generous with the sauce and the cheese too! They also have a drive through so you can order, run an errand, then come back to pick it up or phone in your order and pick up in the drive through. The only drawback might be if you like to dine in. There are only 3 tables in this tiny place that seat 2 people each but I personally like to bring my pizza home with me.  The ingredients all were fresh and delicious! I will definitely be coming back! My son loves wings so we'll also be giving them a try too!
1	If I could give this place no stars I would. Terrible pizza! Absolutely the worst pizza I have ever had. Frozen pizza is better. Their sauce is sugary. Their dough is obviously bought (sad cause it's so bad). Toppings were cheap. There are way better pizza within a mile or so (even Pizza Hut has better food). I don't see this place lasting longer then a month or two. Ordered for delivery, gave them a credit card. They had to call me 3 times to reenter the card, finally I said I'll just pay cash. Waste of money. Had to rebake the pizza and still ended up throwing 80%of it away.
1	Don't come here if your looking for a quick slice. It took them over 30 mins to make 2 5in personal pizzas. Customer service was awful. Never going here again!
2	The pizza was overall ok.  The crust wasn't done enough and was extremely doughy!!  I enjoyed the flavor of the sauce but my daughter thought it had too much sauce on it.  They delivered very quickly (less than 30 minutes for a large pizza) and the price was very reasonable but I would not order from here again.
3	Decided to try this place today and give them some support.  Upon walking in I quickly noticed a picture of Wrigley Field, go Chicago.  I looked on Yelp and read the 4 reviews, not so good.I decided to try anyway as the staff seemed really friendly and nice.  I was told all dough was made fresh daily inhouse.  I ordered a thin crust with a few toppings to go.Upon arriving home, I opened the box and noticed the crust was a little puffy and not what I am used to as a thin crust especially since the girl described it as a flat bread, this was far from a flat bread.  The sauce had a good taste and all the ingredients tasted good as well.  The only part I did not like was the crust.  I like a crunchy crust especially if you are expecting thin or flatbread as she said.  The crust was not cooked in the middle of the pizza.  The top was cooked but the crust underneath was not well cooked.  I put it back in the oven to get the crust cooked better.  I may give this place one more try but it is not my first choice as there are better places in very close proximity and I don't have to go home and finish cooking it.
3	Friendly service. Surprised the pizza tasted as good as it did. I was very happy. Knocked it down a notch because the red sauce was just sitting out. Isn't that supposed to be refridgerated? And the dough seemed like it was just sitting as scraps for the next order. Nevertheless, it tasted great. If you are the owner reading this, trust me, if you want this joint to succeed, you are going to HAVE to run a sick special like $5 or $6 pizza specials just to get traffic in your door to get people trying and talking about it. If people don't come in, they won't buy it, if they don't try it, they can't tell everyone how good it is.  Your food network advertisement is a silly ploy. Let the product sell itself.
5	Surprising little pizza place. Super friendly staff. Two 16" deep dish pizzas done in 20 minutes and they were delicious. The dough was not mushy or dry, it was very pleasant. The sauce had a nice blend of spices and it really made the pizza better. Overall I was kind of impressed. I didn't have high expectations for such a small place, but I'll definitely be there again.
4	I ordered a deep dish pizza. It was hot and cheesy which to me is a win win. I read the other reviews and I just had to visit myself. I found the staff pleasant. They made it easy to order. Its nice having options in my area.
4	The first time I came here(opening nite) I got a medium pepperoni pizza, and baked chicken breast. The chicken was amazingly good. Better than deep fried, and healthier!  The pizza was more acquired, though. The sauce was sweet for me. I almost never came here again after I called to get some chicken at least 2x more and they said they had no more chicken. On my latest visit, it was 100% better! The thin crust pizza was actually thin and did not taste sweet.  It was awesome!  The chicken was amazing,  as usual. **Ask for extra ranch** (if you like ranch)
3	Nice people, wasn't too long a wait and the price is very reasonable.  Why 3 stars?  I don't like the pizza.  As others have said, it's a sweet sauce.  Doesn't belong on a pizza in my world but if you like sweet sauce, this is your place. I feel bad giving a bad review here as I'm not displeased with anything about the business.  It's just not to my taste.
1	Their website and phone message say they open at 10am on Friday, but I couldn't get through until 10:45am. Ordered a 12in deep dish with pepperoni and chicken that cost $17+tip! Pizza tastes like it was frozen. Couldn't even finish a slice without having to spit some out in the trash. Overpriced nasty pizza.
5	Tried this place today. In a very odd building on Maryland with a drive-thru pick up option. We did the lunch special which is a slice+20 oz soda for $4.25. The 'slice' turned out to be a 5 inch pizza which was a lot more food than I expected. Throw in a soda and you've got yourself a very good deal. The pizza was thin crust and quite good with crispy crust and flavorful sauce. I recommend.
5	Great pizza and great staff!!!! They always make you feel welcome when you walk in! Highly recommended! !!
