3	Got a groupon for this place.  It's not identifiable as a Francis and Sons carwash but rather they advertise as a $2.99 wash place.  Not in the best of neighborhoods for those that are skittish.  I drove up and the attendant was really nice.  He seemed like he really wants to please the customer. For a "full service" place,  I don;t think I've ever stayed in my car when it goes through the automatic carwash like the ones you go through at the gas stations.  Was a bit odd.  I then drove my car up to the covered area and waited for someone to wipe down my car.  Not completely clear though.  My car was pretty dirty after not having been washed in a long time and then having driven it to LA and back.  Considering how dirty it was, not bad but there were still a whole lot of bug guts still left.  But considering how little I am sure the guy gets, he seemed to spend a lot of time on it.  Got two more carwashes on my groupon to go - let's see how the rest plays out.
3	They offer full to drive through service. I did the full service. I only paid $20 for their top level service, which I thought was a great price compared to other full-service car washes I've been. The first guy that took care of me (type of car wash wanted, scents, and payment all done right there in the front) was very friendly and seemed to honestly enjoy his job helping people. The car wash itself (meaning, the place where they do the detail-dry, interior cleaning, etc)  was a little small and slow, but nothing that bothered me to the point of annoyance. I would definitely give them my business again. The only reason they didn't score higher was because of the speed of the service. Other than that, my vehicle looked great!
1	I got the works full-service carwash, which was $15.99. It was definitely not worth it.The exterior wash is a basic drive-through car wash like you can get for $4 at the gas station. They did not wipe down most of the surfaces inside the car. The vacuuming was done very carelessly, without even vacuuming in the crevices of the seats.I do not recommend this car wash, and I will not be returning.
2	Not too please with the results of this car wash, got my car wash here with full service which was 15.99 and it looked like it just got a normal car wash which was 2.99. They hardly vacuum the floor and there was still dirty spots left from all the bugs. Friendly staff but the result wasn't all too good, it wasn't worth the money.
