5	Yes, world, the new Hilton is (finally) open.  Although it opened in November, as opposed to this past July as originally planned, it is, I believe, well worth the wait.The hotel truly is a thing of beauty, with impressive columns, a gorgeous floral arrangement, and beautiful tile floors to greet you as you enter the front door.  To your left is a cozy sitting area, complete with fireplace and flat-screen plasma TV.  To your right, the Great American Grill, serving yummy food and drinks.Rooms are spacious and complete with all the amenities, including ergonomic office chairs, flat-panel plasma TVs, and other fun extras in each room.  The hotel is 100% non-smoking, and since it's brand new, that means that none of the rooms have been smoked in!  As someone whose pet peeve is smoke, this cheers me to no end.  The pool isn't quite finished yet, but the fitness center is, and it's a sight to behold.  I've been to entire gyms that weren't as nice.The hotel possesses several great ballrooms to handle whatever event you might need, and the event-planning staff is top-notch.  The head event planner is one of the most with-it, on-top-of-things, sickeningly organized people I have ever met in my life, and I'm not just saying that because she's a good friend of mine.  She knows how to make things happen.The rest of the management staff are all extremely competent, gifted people who know how to go the extra mile to make a customer happy.  Quite simply, they're the best, and the Champaign Hilton is lucky to have each and every one of them.  Champaign, your Hilton has arrived.  Embrace it!
4	Clean rooms, helpful staff.  Not the fanciest hotel in the world, but nice rooms for a reasonable price.Walking distance (.5 miles) from Memorial Stadium and Assembly Hall.
5	Hilton Garden Inn is one of my fave go-to hotels - and this experience continues to reaffirm my belief in their brand.Checked in on Monday afternoon with no problems. They already had my membership number on file so I got credit for the stay. Nice clean, comfortable room. Room had a nice flat panel HD TV. Bed and pillows were comfortable. Free cookies at the front desk - peanut butter with M&Ms baked into them.I picked up a Gatorade and a Diet Coke from the Pantry and had them added to my room bill - no fuss - no muss.From my room, sent a print job of a Google pdf of directions for the next day's trip to Minneapolis - easy to use and no charge for the printing.Breakfast in the hotel was good - had an English muffin with peanut butter, oatmeal with a dash of cinnamon, nutmeg, brown sugar, and some raisins, a side of bacon, plus a cup of coffee and an 8 oz. can of Tomato juice. Tasty breakfast.
3	I am a slut for Hiltons, I really am, but I have a bone to pick with you, Champaign Hilton Garden Inn.  I made my reservation and specifically requested a smoking room, which the Hilton Diamond line was more than happy to honor.  Imagine my horror when I called to make sure I'd have a fan in my room and was told by the rude guy on the phone that you were a non-smoking property!!!  In fact ALL Hilton Garden Inn's are non-smoking, ack!HILTON, I specifically dumped my other hotel programs because you are the only hotel chain that still keeps a few rooms for those of us with an addictive habit....I have rewarded you for your thoughtful behavior by staying at your hotels billions of times and driving lots of business to you. I'm not happy about this, Hilton Garden Inn, I'm really not - could you warn a girl next time?  I had to pry my mother out of her mold and cat pee infested home and move her into a semi-retirement community. Not only was I exhausted and SMELLY, but very, very stressed out as well.  I just wanted a shower (a loooong one), some food, and a cigarette to go with my apres-move xanax, but nooooo, no room service (as advertised both on your website and in the posters in your elevators) and I had to GO OUTSIDE IN MY JAMMMIES to smoke. Grrrr.  Furthermore, my room was dirty.  There was a soda can in the trash and change scattered over the floor. Furthermore, I did not get my Diamond perk of 2 bottles of water in my room. It's a small thing, but I count on that water, Hilton, I really do.  I'm usually fresh off a plane when I enter your soothing embrace, and I NEED that water.  In this case, I was dirty, smelly and exhausted and I needed that water.  NOT COOL, Hilton Garden Inn, NOT cool.On the plus side, the rooms themselves are lovely, the staff is overall very friendly (props to Aubrey, the late night desk gal), the late night pantry is handy, and they do a great job on the breakfast.  I'll be back as I'm so committed to the Hilton Honors program, but next time, please make sure my room is tidy and I'll make sure to pack a robe for those late night trips to the smoking zone so I don't look so scandalous in the lobby.
4	Awesome staff,Awesome bartender,Awesome Cobb Salad with steakWaffle fries.Very comfy beds that make me wanna move inOnly con is the fact that walls are really thin and I can hear when the person next door to me uses the bathroom.
3	Nice hotel options in Chambanavoy are limited at best. If you're in the city for something related to the university, you'll want to stay at a hotel close to campus. But the only one that is actually walkable (and also happens to be very nice) is the hotel at the Illini Union. But it is almost always booked. So - you have to start expanding your search radius past the edge of campus. The Hilton Garden Inn is out there a bit past the auditorium. If they try to convince you that it is close to campus slap them for being dishonest. This is in no way close to campus. You will be taking taxis. There doesn't seem to be bus service (at least the employees at the hotel don't know of any), and there is no shuttle service unless you're going to the airport.Rooms are nice enough - but I wish they had used more than cardboard to separate the rooms. I could hear the cleaning staff knocking on doors from the other end of the hallway at 9:00 AM in the morning. Groggy Michael does not like this. Plus, when you flush the toilet it sounds like you're launching a torpedo from a submarine, and the sink is so loud I kept on thinking a shower was being taken! This also means that you know when anybody within about 100 feeet of you in any direction is using their bathroom. Loud loud loud loud!Bed is OK. Instead of having a normal mattress, they have some sort of faux Tempur-pedic mattress. Not a huge fan of that, but it was OK I guess. Sheets were clean and OK, but certainly not high end.Most staff members were very helpful and nice, but the keyword there is "most". Internet was speedy and free. Parking was plentiful, as was my view of the parking lot from my room.Next time, I'm staying at the Illini Union Hotel or the I Hotel.
2	I would have given them only one star but the location - steps from Jarling's and Gumby's - earned them another star. I loved the view of Assembly Hall and Memorial Stadium and the staff was super nice but that's where the positive elements end.1) I travel extensively for work and this was quite possibly the WORST bed I have ever slept on in over 60 hotels.2) There were those ladybug beetle critters climbing all over the walls and ceiling - I counted 5. All night I kept thinking one would fall on my face!3) Damn in-room refrigerator would cycle EVERY HOUR and hum sooo loudly that I would be jolted awake - I had shopping bags under my eyes at my meetings the next day :-(4) As a Hilton Diamond member I was told by front desk that my complimentary bottled waters were in my room - nowhere to be found.5) Very silly thing but as a young woman who travels alone I have a hard time falling sleep in hotels and think I hear weird sounds all the time. I need to have a TV with working "sleep" function so that the TV noise distracts me from the other typical hotel sounds. (I know it probably doesn't make much sense in words but hopefully some people understand)
4	We came to Champaign for the Illini's last game this past basketball season. Thankfully, Illinois beat the evil Hoosiers, made the NCAA tournament, and all was right with the world. Well, until they lost to Bill Self and evil Kansas in the tournament. But anyway, I digress.We didn't realize it at the time, but we booked our room at a time all the kids call "Unofficial" which is unofficial St. Patrick's day. That basically just means that there are thousands of drunk and disorderlies roaming the streets drinking, puking, and fighting. Good times all around, right? When we arrived in the evening, we wanted to catch a cab, but unfortunately this whole Unofficial thing meant that getting a cab was impossible. So we were EXTREMELY grateful that the Hilton Garden Inn took us in their shuttle van to where we wanted to go (the Blind Pig, by the way), for no charge (yeah, we tipped the guy). I'm not sure if Hilton is willing to regularly ferry guests to bars, but either way, it was pretty awesome. Of course, they wouldn't come pick us up afterwards, but we didn't expect them to.As for the room itself, it definitely met our expectations. Nothing too fancy, but the beds were very comfortable, the bathroom was large, and the shower had great water pressure. One thing I will say, I THINK the walls were pretty thin, since we could occasionally hear people talking next door. I think if the people next to us were trying to throw a party or something, that would have been a huge problem. But as it stands, I was happy with the hotel and would definitely go back the next time we head down to Chambana.
4	I had an unexpected stay here in December of 2009.This is a very large HGI. I was surprised at the location - they tore down the old Ramada which was something of a Champaign landmark for many years. An unexpected ice storm forced me to stop in C-U on a drive from Chicago to St. Louis. I was able to get a room without any issues the night of. Facilities were great and walking distance to some old haunts. Would be a great location for football and basketball games.
4	Nice and clean hotel.Stayed here to go see the Monster Truck Nationals a couple weeks ago.  Nice room and very clean.  Fresh towels, clean bathroom, etc.TGI Fridays right next door which is nice.  They have a pool and gym, and of course internet.The let down was the complimentary breakfast. Yes a cook will make omlettes for you, which is an interesting perk, but the food was sub par.  The eggs were rubbery, they had no danishes, and they had no bacon or sausage, but did have ham.Coffee was good though.Stay here, but skip the breakfast.
4	My friends and I were attending Unofficial and needed a place to stay. A lot of hotels were already booked by the time I looked, but the Hilton still had openings. $150 a night was really on the pricey side, but it was either that or a Motel 6, and that was not happening. Besides, we were splitting the price, so it worked out okay.The hotel was very nice. They have a conference center attached so it was pretty big and there was a lot of parking. I was really glad that we were able to check in early. I had called the day before asking if this was possible, and the woman at the front desk said that once we come in, we can request it, and they could have a room ready for us in half hour. It turns out we didn't even need to wait! It was ready upon arrival.The rooms are nice and the beds are comfortable. The toilet sounds like a jet engine when you flush it, which is kind of annoying, especially because you can hear the other toilets in the rooms next to you whenever someone flushes. Also, for the price you would think you get continental breakfast or something. Sadly, it was $9.95 for all you can eat which is great, but I'm not gonna eat 10 bucks worth of food. I just wanted a bagel.Overall, the hotel is very nice and the staff is great. I'd come back again if I needed somewhere to stay.
4	I stayed here several times in the past year and have very good experience with the hotel and the staff. The hotel is very clean, the staff are friendly. I especially love their stand-in shower and the spacious room. I took one point away for no free continental breakfast for its guests. But other than that, it's a great hotel to visit!
5	Best hotel in Champaign-Urbana to host an event!  The staff is friendly and extremely helpful, place is beautiful and well kept and the rooms are quite spacious for a HGI.  The cost comparison in the area is right in the middle.  You pay for the great customer service, but it's worth it.  Still not as expensive as the iHotel.  If you have your wedding reception here, you can have a block in both the Hilton and the Homewood Suites.  I'd recommend for any event or any time you need a room in the area!
3	General note to Hilton properties: please stop the square pillow trend with housekeeping. Tucking the pillow case around your thin pillows to provide the illusion of a thicker pillow is not cool. I'm a business traveler and stay on average at two properties/week and it's done at all locales. I'm onto your slippery plan.
4	We were here for a wedding reception and opted to get a room. The common areas were very clean and they offered a miniature shop, restaurant and bar. Staff allowed us to check in early. The ball rooms were perfect for the wedding reception and we had a great time. The rooms were clean and inviting and offered all the amenities, minus a mini bar. Microwave. Refrigerator. Safe. And coffee maker. They TVs even had a full Directv cable setup with a guide. This hotel would be perfect if you were coming to town for an event at the U of I as it's within walking distance from Memorial Stadium and State Farm Center.
3	We were here for a conference and expected a much better hotel experience from a Hilton. They did not staff the restaurant knowing hundreds of people were staying here for a conference. We did not get the room we reserved. Room service was slow and the order was missing items like cutlery and salad dressing for a salad. Rooms were clean and beds comfortable.
