4	This is really cool and unique candy store that has more than just candy. All kinds of freakishly awesome gadgets, gag gifts, toys and novelty items. It has your traditional candy bins that you can scoop yourself and pay by weight but there are tons of little knick knacks that are imported from all over the world, so you won't see anywhere else. Some of their rock candy was from South Africa!They have cupcake flavored toothpaste for example which really caught my eye.. I'm debating going back to get it although I wasn't sure if it was real toothpaste or candy??Pickled bandaids, candy pee, garters, wigs and baconnaise to actual hand sanitizer with funny OCD labelling - you'll find it allBecause everything is a novelty, it tends to be bit pricy and you don't know what you're paying for until you get to the register. Small bag of various gummy and hard treats ended up costing us 7$.Still very worth it to just walk around and take a look, you might find some cute or funny gift ideas.
3	I love the decor , the store has a peewee Herman theme. Lots of different choices of candy. No Swedish berries thoughtNice choices of jelly bellyLots of fun stuff to take homeI got bacon floss lol even it is not real bacon, I will never use it. It is more of a funny gift to a friend.
5	I love candy. This store has it all, the staff is friendly, and there are great deals.I really enjoyed the slushies and the 5.99 cup deal they have during the summer. Awe-some!
3	Expensive but they have candies that u cannot find in NYC. I'm a huge fan of dark chocolate and they have 70% dark chocolate Kit Kat. That's enough to make me like the place.
4	After being a good grown-up and getting some books (yes, real paper, even!) at Libraire Gallimard, a couple of doors down, I decided to indulge my sweet tooth and my inner child. I mean, this place is just fun. Pure fun smelted in sugary goodness. Like some of the other reviewers have said, it seems a bit overpriced. I think Jelly Bellies were 2.50/100g and other candies were 1.89/100g. By the way, that's not a ton of candy...But the price is worth stopping in and poking around, being assaulted by a million different colors, and talking about your favorite jelly bean flavors with the friendly staff.
4	Location: On the main - the closest subway is probably St. Laurent, then you can walk up. Street parking available (metered).The goods: I'm generally not much of a candy freak, but I knew this place carried my favorite UK chocolate - Twirl and Flake (YAY!) SO.... I had to stop in and stock up. The shop is packed with sweet treats - from liquorice to gum to chocolate to funky sh*t you probably didn't know existed. You would be hard pressed to walk in there and not find at least one thing to like. In addition to candy and chocolate, they also have gadgets and loads of fun things. For example, the action figure of Moses ALMOST came home with me but he didn't have the 10 commandments on hand so I had to leave him behind. What can you do? Service: Friendly. Price point: Spendy, spendy. One Flake ran me $2.29. We don't need to talk about how much I spent, OK? OK.Check it out.
3	I must say this place is better stocked than Freak lunch box locations I have visited in the Maritimes.  Alas call me cynical, call me cheap but I'm not a huge fan of overpriced candy stores.  Sure they have many of your childhood classics however at exorbitantly increased prices!  This is their game plan.  I do believe however it's a very good business model as there are many sweet tooth's that just need a sugar fix any time of the day!My wife ended up getting so e fizzy candies and some cinnamon hard candies. They also have some great gag and joke items for a birthday party, retirement or anniversary to spice up the party a bit with a few laughs. The store is colourful and offers a good selection. Dentists and the candy industry must love these stores as it supports their bottom lines. Come for the candy and indulge if you are a sweetie!
4	Yes, some basics are overpriced, but you're paying for the convenience of finding your bacon-flavored candy (or was it candy-flavored bacon?) and your Jane Austen action figure all in one convenient location.And yes, I bought the Jane Austen action figure.There's lots more besides kitsch, particularly hard-to-find candy, in this entertaining interior. The staff are outgoing and friendly (or maybe just hopped up on sugar).
5	A place full of candy???? ehhhh hello!! YES!!!!!!!!
