4	They have a nice comfy couch to sit and relax to enjoy a nice coffee. Not too crowded. The barista was really nice. Love the location :)
3	Dropped my car off down the street to get serviced and walked to this Starbucks to grab a cup of Joe and surf the web on the FREE WiFi to kill time until my car was finished.  The weather was cold and windy, so it made the Coffee taste that much better!The service was good....I ordered a Half-Caf and of course it was ready within 30 seconds of paying for it.  Comfortable seating, clean area, friendly employees.....good Starbucks.Return Factor - 75%
5	After a van full of people...5 drinks...chocolate milk...two cake pops...and a zuchini muffin...the barista at the drive thru window was still gracious enough to modify my cousins picky order...with a SMILE!
4	Every now and then I come here to get some work done and enjoy a beverage.  The staff here is so nice and efficient.  I would recommend this to anyone who's looking for a semi-quiet place to visit and/or get through some reading or computer work.
4	After we dropped our car off at the Dodge dealership, we decided to head over to this Starbucks location for some morning sweets. The employees were very welcoming and the energy and vine of the place was very relaxed. I always order a grande vanilla bean frapp with caramel and Mocha blended in. I must say, the one I had here was by far the best blend I've ever had! I also ordered some kinda multi-grain bran muffin that was horrible. Taste like I was eating horse snacks lol.Overall the place is great! The location is pretty much in the middle of nowhere due to Centennial becoming a new and exciting addition to Las Vegas. But if you're ever in the area you must stop by this friendly location.
4	This Starbucks has a nice outdoor seating area but to me seems pretty small as far as the usual Starbucks I like to go with plenty of indoor seating. It also has a drive through and what I like about it compared to the Azure/Tenaya store is that this store is open until 9-10 PM depending on what day it is.The staff for me has always been friendly, and the java nice and hot.Coffee Knowledge : There are 2 types of coffee plants grown, "Arabica" (coffea arabica) which is about 75% of coffee grown in the world and "Robusta" (coffea Canephora).If you are in the area, stop by and get a pick me up :)Best Regards,James "Culinary Schmooze" Williams
4	Remarkably good and fast service love how they greet you at the drive-thru. Always friendly. Have been coming to this Starbucks for quite some time now because it is easy on/off of the 95. Can't go wrong with the Pumpkin Spice Frapp!
4	What can I say? It's Starbucks. But I am giving it four stars because its my neighborhood Starbucks and they've never done me wrong, well once, but they've consistently done a good job and have always been friendly. The service is quick and the drinks turn out good for the most part. I love how there's plenty of seats available for both indoors and out.
3	I was so disappointed when my cup came out with caramel all over the outside. I asked the barista to wipe it and it still was messy.
5	Fast, friendly service always
5	This is my #1 coffee spot! I frequent this Starbucks at least 3-4 times a week. The staff is always so friendly, and after about 1-2 months they learned my name by heart and eventually they memorized my drink as well. They are always so prompt and quick in the drive-thru, and when you go in the cafe they are just as great! There is some room for lounging, studying, or even socializing, but its definitely not as large as other ones I've been to. This Starbucks is always busy, but never ever do they sacrifice the great customer service due to being busy!Also, just as a quick tip for avid Starbucks drinkers, buy yourself a gift card, go online and register it, and after about 10 or so drinks all the modifiers that they charge extra for become free. Plus, they send you a free drink coupon after every 15 drinks, and also on your birthday you get one as well. It's a nice little perk, and it makes you quite happy when you get those little cards in the mail!
5	Like most Starbucks I've been to, this one includes the same fast friendly service and perfect order accuracy.
5	Stopped in to get a Venti Caramel Frapp after some serious shopping today. I love the convenience of this location because I do a lot of my shopping in the centers surrounding it and it has a drive thru which is a major plus.I *heart* Starbucks!
5	Staff is great. Love the new blonde series!
5	Fantastic service, very nice staff.
5	I love my home base Starbucks in Centennial Hills....
5	In general,  i love any Starbucks so this review is due to the interaction of the staff in this specific area and since I go to it at least 4-5 days within the week.I had one incident were my order was not ready and kind employees comp the drinks with another free drink after. I have patience to wait but after speaking to the manager it made my evening even better. I know in general this is their policy to have us customers wanting to come back with 100% satisfaction but how many Starbucks franchise actually practice this method once a 5 min waiting time is enforce. I have not been to all Starbucks but assuming they will treat you the same, with 100% satisfaction. Employees are very  pleasing with a positive attitude and very help ful.Parking has many stalls to choose from. .
3	The drive-thru is more like a slow-thru half the time I come here but I've never had a drink order wrong! Starbucks is Starbucks though.
5	I like this location of Starbucks. My friend and I go here after our kickboxing class every week and order drinks and sit and chat. It's nice to not feel cramped in a Starbucks. I find that many Starbucks locations could remove a table or two to put their guests more at ease. The staff here is always friendly and prompt. They are renovating this location right now, so I can't wait to see what they've done with the place on Thursday. Keep up the good work!
4	I love that this Starbucks is right of the 95, but only in the southbound direction. However, if that's the freeway you are on and the direction you are going this store is super convenient! I also like that this is it's own store not a part of a larger strip of stores. The drive thru here always moves fairly quickly and the staff is nice. They have never messed up on any of my drinks here like at some of the other locations, although I do not visit this store nearly as much as I visit some of the other stores. Either way they are nice, fast and they get my order right! That makes me happy :-)
4	As long as I get what I pay for,  what I want, when I want  & the way I want, I'm good, and 99% of the time they give it to me that way at this location. (I ALWAYS order soy, and when I use the next closest Starbucks, I am pretty sure that half the time, they give me regular milk and just tell me it's soy.)
1	You would think by now I would stop coming to this location yet because it is down the street from my house I keep coming. This time as I used the drive thru, the person in front of my also had issues so I had to wait 10 minutes until I finally reached the window. The employee sure she was nice and apologize for the wait and asked if I needed a receipt but when she handed me my drink (Iced Green Tea Soy Latte) it was COVERED in green tea powder that got all over my car and was just so sloppy I couldn't believe they thought this was appropriate to hand over to a customer. I don't care how behind you are due to one complaining customer. They are really lucky I just smiled awkwardly and drove away without complaining. I do plan to find another location even if I'm desperate because this visit was just a hot mess!
3	Everytime I come to this location their service is hit or miss. I just left with my order, a iced soy americano with sweetener, they forgot to add sweetener and the coffee was watered down. My hisband ordered a mocha frap and they gave him iced, how could you forget to blend a frappucinno? So disappointed.
4	Haven't been inside this location since the remodel. Looks great with a nice, long wooden "coffee bar" to sit at and enjoy your beverage or use the free Wi-fi. Started to drive through, but the line was way to looooonnnggg! Glad we went inside. Service was great and the drinks were perfect.
1	I have always had a god experience at this location until tonight.  I began my order and had someone obnoxiously laughing on the receiving end of the order and then had 3 different people talking over each other as I gave my order.  I had to then again give my entire order.  She then read it back to me and gave me my total.  I am the only one in the entire drive-thru at this time.  I get to the window where I AGAIN have to give my order and then the screen locks up on her.  I get a half-hearted apology at best and then the supervisor comes over to fix the issue and then the girl tells him to ask me for my order a FOURTH time.  He gives me a different total, and takes my gift card, lays them down and walks off.  The original associate then steps back in and gives me my total again and asks for a method of payment.  I tell her the other guy took my gift card and walked away.  She finds them and gives me my new total after giftcard.  The girl never said anything else much less thank me for my business.  I have NEVER experienced such an unprofessional and disrespectful interaction at ANY Starbucks that I have ever visited in many states.
3	The service is hit or miss, either great or terrible. If you ask for soy it either is made wrong or has clumps in it.
5	Not only do I look forward to my morning Starbucks, I look forward to coming to this particular location to get it. The Baristas are fantastic! They remember your name and drink if you're a regular but treat everyone with the same amount of respect and enthusiasm! I have been here during various times of the day with different people working and my experience is still the same. It wouldn't matter if I was in Henderson for a morning, I would still make my way to this Starbucks to get that fantastic cup of coffee. If you're more of a home brewer, they also offer the Starbucks Reserve whole bean coffee that the staff is very knowledgeable about. All in all, this is a great place to get your morning, mid-day, and evening coffee fix!
4	Always friendly :) easy access on and off the highway which is great for the work commute!
5	I normally go to the Starbucks on west Cheyenne, but I think that I will be coming here more often. Everyone behind the counter is nice and take their time to have a compact conversation. Not to mention they repeat your order back to you so you know that they got your beverage/ food correct!I'm very impressed with the wait time. I ordered within two minute of walking into the place (and it was packed). I order a grande mocha frap and I got it in under 3 minutes. Pretty impressive.This is my second favorite Starbucks (first is the one in Target on Sky Point Rd.)! I recommend this location to anyone who is in the area. Thanks for the great experience!
3	I ended up in the northwest yesterday running some errands and decided to do some shopping nearby.  Before hitting the freeway, I stopped at this Starbucks for a quick drink.There was only one car at the drive through.  I ordered my drink, waited a reasonable amount of time, and then was on my way.  The register critter was pleasant and the quad espresso was Starbucks to the core.The place is OK, but I'm not here very often.  It's also one of the most inconvenient places to get in and out.  I think that of the entire Centennial Center.
1	Service sucks. Slow and not friendly. I've been to this location several times and it is consistently bad. Both the drive through and the inside counter. The staff rarely greets you upon entering, I've never been asked, "Can I help you"; instead, you just get a look and state your order. And they are incredibly slow. Luckily there are other locations close by to choose from.
3	I've only had luck here once, every other time I've gone, my order is messed up or taste watered down. When I go, its usually one drink with customizations. Haven't had the same order taker twice, but they usually ring it wrong. The music is louder there than other Starbucks I've been to, which is annoying when the caller mumbles your drink name or your name & places it on the counter. The staff is usually nice, never rude. One guy stood out the last time I went. Tall, young, black guy, was insistent I let him correct the mistake. Unfortunately, I needed to go & just ended up tossing the drink into, but I appreciate his effort, earning the store, an additional star in my rating.
3	Pretty disappointed that this Starbucks only offered Pikes Place coffee when they have signs up showing two others - one being their "featured brew". Was told they only make the others in the morning and I would have to get Pikes Place (which I don't like) or order something else. Bummer, won't be back.
5	This is by far the best Starbucks I've been to in Vegas customer service wise. I've never had a problem with any of my orders and believe me I stop by often since it is so close to work. The baristas are super friendly and as difficult I am on my drinks (add this, extra this....) they never seem to complain or miss a beat. I love the fact that they always repeat the order to make sure it is correct.
5	The service here is amazing! The staff are so friendly and welcoming. It's also a great place to get work done, as the hours are late and the store is large enough that you don't feel like you're taking up too much space
1	This Starbucks is soo inconsistent, the lady who took my order was short acted like she did not care, 3 times in a row. They never have enough pastries or anything left even at mid-day. And worst of all my drinks have either being messed up, not made properly or missing ingredients. A Grande Green Tea Lemonade Sweetened and here is what I get, no sweetener, no proper lid too much ice, I got the lid for a drink with whipped-cream. My wife got a coffee with no splender. They are consistently slow and miss the drinks with terrible short/rude service. Not a good Starbucks to visit after being there over 15 times. Always ask for your receipt I doubt you are getting what you are being billed for.
4	It's hard to write a review for a Starbucks. They are essentially the same. This one is slightly different. The drive thru compared to others nearby is fast. It does have a nice shaded patio which is important in Vegas.
3	They NEVER say "Thank You" to the customer for their order. I'll never understand why management doesn't correct this.
4	What distinguishes this Starbucks from all the rest? It is the nicest location I've ever been to! And boy, I've been to plenty of Starbucks. The decor and vibe felt more like a down-to-earth coffee shop than the usual plain Jane signature Starbucks stores. Customer service is same ol', but at least it's a change of scenery!
4	One of the better Starbucks locations in Centennial Hills. They always get my order correct and my Chai Tea Lattes are never watery. I also love the rustic decor on the inside. Super cute and cozy.
2	Just as the 2 star rating says, "Meh. I've experienced better"From a customer service perspective, It would be nice if you get acknowledged when you enter the door and thanked you for visiting their establishment. I still visit Starbucks primarily for the convenience factor, but it's become a common theme that customer service is almost nonexistent at most Starbucks that I visit.Living in Las Vegas your choices are limited in getting your cup of joe, but I would highly recommend other local shops as well such as: Sambalatte and The Human Bean where you get both, great customer service and delicious tasting coffee.
