5	It's been awhile since I've gotten a FTR ("first to review"), but I'm super excited to share this brand new hodge podge of local independently owned businesses with the Yelp community!They officially opened yesterday and they are still celebrating the official grand opening this weekend.  We stopped by this morning to find lots of passionate business owners and employees, fellow shoppers, and some food, drink, and entertainment as well.UNION is made up of 18 small boutiques ranging in size from 200-500 square feet, as well as the new casual eatery, Trattoria del Piero. It's located at the east end of the outdoor shopping mall, right next door to Stingray.  We had our toddler with us, so I couldn't do as much shopping as I would've liked today, but I'll definitely be back to explore in more detail.  In the meantime, some highlights for me included seeing several fabulous women's boutiques near the front that I didn't catch the names of; a small storefront for Customatic.com, which offers all kinds of custom pieces for the modern home; Smeeks which sells an assortment of old-time favorite candy and fun unique gifts - my son was in heaven looking around at everything there; Frances which just like their original location sells everything from women's clothing, shoes, accessories, and more; Oils and Olives by Queen Creek Olive Mill, which is pretty self-explanatory,and Paris Envy which has all kinds of vintage home decor items, accessories, and more.  In addition, there is a flower shop, a bicycle company, a newsstand and paper-goods storefront, Royal Coffee, etc... Like I said, I can't wait to go back without my kid to shop more peacefully and take my time checking it all out!We did grab a quick meal at Trattoria del Piero, which has an impressive menu and serves local, organic food / drinks all day long including casual breakfast and lunch, and more of a full service restaurant in the evenings for dinner.  We had a breakfast frittata sandwich that reminded me of tortilla espanola from my studies abroad in Spain years ago... it was delicious!  We also had a P, B & J sandwich with banana and some mini chocolate cupcakes made with Queen Creek Olive Mill's olive oil - all very tasty!  Great service in the restaurant and you'll see some local familiar faces there including Lisa G.  Her famous bowl of balls is on the menu too!
5	Yay! I can't take the grin off my face after visiting UNION and discovering the perfect "union" of incredible local businesses in the Valley. This reminds me of the Arizona version of the Ferry Building in San Francisco. The feel of UNION is organic, local, boutique-y and simply delightful! It's the type of place that you can stop by on a lazy afternoon and get lost in exploration of each of the 18 businesses housed within the same building. But allow me to walk you through it in a bit more depth! Upon entering the south-side of the Biltmore Fashion Park, you see a welcoming patio with tables, chairs and umbrellas that offer the perfect spot for a snack, meal or to work. A coffee shop window space allows you to grab a beverage without actually entering UNION, but do yourself a favor and step through the doors. Within UNION, Trattoria del Piero serves an abundance of fresh and organic food options, including salads and tasty-looking sandwiches. I made the mistake of eating before I visited, but I won't do that again! UNION is a long hallway of 18 boutiques on either side. It's airy, open and friendly. This is a local shopper's paradise because it's a one-stop-shop for practically everything. Here's a list of just some of the adorable shops within UNION:- An organic gift shop with accessories for the kitchen and house. - Whoopie Pie bakery with whoopies of every kind - Queen Creek Olive Oil Company with olive oils, wine, accessories and body products - Frances, complete with clothing, jewelry and gifts - Smeeks - the ultimate candy store that's the perfect place to satisfy the sweet tooth or pick up a present. - Citrine - one of my favorite stores in UNION and owned by a very nice woman named Melissa who has a detailed knowledge of skincare. This shop has moisturizers, face products and makeup. They even make their own perfume for you!- A bicycle shop...yes a bicycle shop! - A flower shop with fresh and beautiful flowers - A news-stand - A men's clothing store *** I know I'm missing several of the shops, but hopefully this gives you an idea of the variety within UNION! Whether you have $1, $5 or $100 to spend, the thing I like about UNION the most is that it doesn't really matter how much money you have to spend because it's enjoyable just merely looking around. However, with the the amount of adorable merchandise surrounding you, it will be hard to leave empty-handed! I plan on spending many a lazy afternoon here moving forward!
3	Union is very cool in theory. I LOVE Royal coffee, so it is nice that they have a second location here (although somewhat redundant since they already have a location at the Biltmore). The little cafe smelled very good. The stores are cute and the set up is interesting...sort of like a public market or something where there are many small counter businesses or storefronts. My problem with Union is that it claims to be all local because the stores are local stores; However, there are items in some of the stores that are simply bought from corporate companies. For example, I tried on some dresses from the cute little clothing store and overheard the owner talking to some random supplier and saying something along the lines of 'Just bring anything, I don't even care.' The brands are not local and the clothes are not locally made. I think if Union really wants to be a 'local' establishment, the businesses should sell locally made, locally sourced items, otherwise it is just indirectly buying corporate made-in- China items. I know some of the stores have put forth a lot of effort to do this (Queen Creek Olive Mill, Frances, etc), which is appreciated, but as a unit, I think they could do more.
5	The upscale Biltmore Fashion Park has created another reason to shop & mingle, UNION Biltmore!  This cool mix of local vendors opened last weekend to the delight of many Phoenicians.  I was fortunate to attend a few of the opening festivities and will definitely return again for my Holiday Shopping.  Tucked between Stingray Sushi and Seasons 52, this galley of 18 local vendors is sure to please even the most discriminating shoppers.  The minute you walk through the doors, you are greeted with an eye-candy overload of barn wood, different lighting apparatuses and olive trees amid the center walkway. The eclectic mix of unique Local vendors is a direct result of the partnership w/ Macerich & Lew Gallo, both looking to increase local foot traffic and to create a vibe reminiscent of San Francisco, Europe or New York City.  The kiosks/shops range in size of 64 sq. ft to 500 sq ft. and include a Coffee Shop ( Royal Coffee), an eyeglass shop ( Me Myself & Eye), Frances ( a local staple that we love - http://www.francesvintage.com/), candy store ( Smeeks!), Citrine Natural Beauty Bar, Bonafide Goods ( by Clotheire ), For the People ( a modern gift and home accessories store), a news stand, The Willows Home & Garden, Whoopie Baking Co., Paris Envy, British Bicycle Company (https://www.facebook.com/BritishBicycleCompany ), Lily ( women's vintage-inspired boutique), and many, many more.  There is even a restaurant that serves breakfast, lunch and light dinner.  Trattoria del Piero is by the owners of the Queen Creek Olive Mill and will also feature a full bar.One of the standouts is Customatic.com, and it is also one of the smallest at only 64 sq. ft.  They feature handcrafted, locally created, modern home accessories ranging from a chess set or belt buckles, to bathroom hardware and a menorah.  Their pieces are imaginative and innovative.  The kiosk was custom made by the The Construction Zone ( http://czphx.com) and features a large steel & glass door system that is truly one-of-a-kind.  I purchased a few pairs of the locally made SLEEVIES for my fiance'.  They are exactly what they sound like, sleeves.  Perfect for going from the heat of the desert to the chill of a mall or movie theater.The front and back patios of the UNION will host many social events, including a Farmer's Market, DJ's and musicians depending on the occasion.  Make it a point to visit the newest addition to the Biltmore Fashion Park and see first-hand what all of the excitement is about!Lindsey F. is right, whether you have $1, $5, $20 or even $100 to spend, you will find something that suits your budget or your gift list.One last piece of advice:  plan your day ahead of time!
5	What a unique experience! A space of local businesses - shops and restaurants showroom with a semi hipster/ underground vibe. A DJ mixing in between stores, a pop up coffee stand which looked amazing (gourmet drip coffee) There are so many cool shops I would love to come back and visit. We ate at Trattoria an Italian tapas style restaurant. The service was excellent! Major kudos to our server who had great suggestions and lots of patience. We were with my friend's 4 year old son who was a little excited but later calmed down with some help from Apple ( thank you for such amazing devices) but the restaurant staff was not phased one bit and was so kind! Everything we had was delicious.  My favorite was the Pecorino and pears drizzled with honey and pistachio- the sweet and savory was a true party in mouth experience. I would love it if Trattoria opened a restaurant in my neighborhood back home!
5	What an absolutely perfect and adorable collection of local gems!  The concept is fantastic - I love the "mini" versions of some of my favorite places.  My favorite?  The British Bicycle Company.   Those are the most insanely beautiful bikes that I have EVER seen.  And the owners of the shop are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet.  If you need a bike, don't go anywhere else!I'm very excited to try out the restaurant and Royal Coffee in the future.  A return visit is in the very near future.
4	Super-duper cool addition to the Biltmore!Most vendors appear to take credit cards. Pretty spendy, as one might expect, but there are some gems to be had (fairly affordable jewelry at at least one vendor.  Other than jewelry, this is a great place to get consumable gifts (candles, beauty products, foodstuffs and the like).  Not so great for the kiddos - some vendor "booths" are TEENY and super cramped.  In fact, I had to make several rounds of Union as entire booths were filled up with 2 or 3 folks and I didn't want to push past.Bottom line -- I'll definitely be back, but mostly to window-shop or add things to my Christmas list.
4	Wow, what a great addition to the Biltmore area! I love the layout with with all of the various shops tucked off to the side. I went last Sunday and it wasn't too crazy. There is a coffee shop, bakery/restaurant, a couple of clothing boutiques (including Frances), Smeeks (closed its Central Ave location), and a couple of home decor boutiques (including Paris Envy which closed it's 7th Ave location). There was also a really cool bicycle shop that had the funnest (sp?) helmets. Kind of pricy though at $60 but I still want one! The shop also had lots of bicycle accessories that made me consider the lack of baskets on my beach cruiser. The thing I loved most about Union is the ability to pop into the various local shops without having to drive a bunch of places. It's cozy and lots of trinkets to be found. Including a $3 toy I bought for my daughter that she lost soon after! :)
5	Very excited that this concept finally turned into reality! 18 local businesses each with a sampling of their small boutiques. Quirky, trendy, all around interesting and cool...you will get a great selection of items to shop for, as well as an opportunity to see some businesses you might have otherwise not known existed.Very excited to see the likes of the Queen Creek Olive Mill (I buy all of my olive oils from them...and just added my latest purchase of bacon olive oil over the weekend); Smeeks, Frances, Customatic all within close proximity of one another. The new restaurant has the most amazing olive oil cupcakes (I personally love the lemon and the orange cupcakes because you can really taste the olive oil).After reading reviews, I am going to go back into Citrine to find out more about their business. The British Bicycle Company has some awesome bikes, and I'm also going to check that out when I have more time.
2	Concept is great.  Stores are cool, but expensive.  Lunch was a bummer!  Ordered chicken salad sandwich and the tiny sandwich on a great roll with the tiniest amount of chicken salad was disappointing.  For that money I expected at least a regular sized sandwich.  Glad we tried it, but won't eat there again.
3	I really wanted to love Union but left disappointed...and hopeful that more shops besides the Queen Creek Olive Mill can showcase locally made goods more prominently in the future.  For all the hype about the shops here being locally owned businesses, I was shocked at how little locally made merchandise was on the shelves (and if it is there in abundance and I somehow missed it, that it is not more visibly marketed as Arizona made).  We are more sophisticated shoppers than we were five years ago when it comes to recognizing and spending our funds on locally made merch.  We already buy handmade and unusual items directly from the people who made them at farmers markets and festivals, and also from locally owned shops that feature high quality locally made items such as Practical Art, the Mesa Art Center Artist Co Op Store and the Vision Gallery in Chandler.  This is our level of expectation for places like Union to fulfill.  Walk around and look at the Union's current ceramics offerings, for example.  Their quality and design and interestingness can't hold a candle to the high quality work being made in abundance by Arizona ceramic artists here...and if I do like the type of mass manufactured ceramics like what is offered in these stores I have probably already found a way to get it elsewhere online.  The same goes for everything from cutting boards to letterpress bicycle greeting cards to jewelry, soaps and fashion...many of the previous reviews enthuse over what a fun place this is to browse through - and that is true.  But unless customers actually keep coming back to buy (and buy again) how will it survive in the long run?  To the locally owned businesses of Union, I do truly wish success for you in the long run and I hope to spend some dollars here to support you.  I would love to see you feature more locally made items so when I "shop local" I know that more of my dollars are staying here in az thanks to you, in turn, supporting items that come from here and the people who make them.  Your tourist customers would gain a chance to see and purchase items of quality that are uniquely Arizonan.  I hope you can take the time to source some Arizona made merch (or hire someone who can help you find it) or even find avenues to put out a call to artists a couple times a year...I'll be back soon, with high hopes.
5	So awesome ! Had so much fun browsing with my friend through all the small shops! Everything was local, which I loved ! Every store has something unique to offer and I can't wait to go back !
5	Wow! Very cool concept and execution. We had a wonderful sushi dinner at Biltmore Fashion Park Tuesday night and was pleasantly surprised when we walked by the Union. The shops were unique and very, very interesting. But even better the owners and staff were friendly and welcoming. It's a very cool and hip environment. If you haven't been you absolutely must go!!!
3	The Union finally has opened at the Biltmore Fashoin Park. Located by Stingray, it's a unique area with Royal Coffee in the front area. I do like their coffee. Inside was a small cafe, whoopie cakes vendor,olive oils and Phoenix well known stores-Frances and Smeeks. I do think the stores need to be a bit more aggressive in sales and educating those walking into the stores so they will buy. They are at the Biltmore, people will buy if you give them a reason to..local and uniqueness stand out the most.  I did purchase a few items as gifts this past season b/c they were unique and made in Arizona.  Hopefully this will encourage other malls to have the same type of area for local businesses!
5	This place kicks so much ass, it could be called Bruce Lee.I was on my mission to find cool Xmas gifts and when I learned my beloved Smeeks had moved here, I knew I needed to see. If you've never been to Smeeks, you are living an incomplete life, and you need to reconsider every choice you've ever made. Smeeks is the coolest little store ever, and an amazing place to find one of a kind random gifts for the people in your world who you really like.Here is my rundown on the stores I stopped in:Smeeks-Amazing little candy and novelty store. Super cool kitchen gadgets that you will not find anywhere else. Everyone who got a gift from there was very happy, and everything I gave out, I secretly wish I had for myself.Whoopie Cakes-Wow, this 64 square foot tiny store packs a punch! Their product is so tasty and crushes anything like a cupcake I have ever had. SO fresh and delicious, I highly recommend a visit to their little charming store. The ladies there were so sweet and kind, and answered my numerous questions.Frances & Charlie-A part of the Smeeks empire, this place had fun stuff also, and another great place to buy fun things for the special people in your life.Tip! You get two hours of free parking validated at Union, regardless of whether you purchase something or not, that is a good deal. Support small businesses at this super cool new venture. Even if you just go to window shop, you cannot help but have a great time. Enjoy.
4	The Union feels very homey - like a familiar bazaar. When you first walk in, you are right by a coffee house and a small dining establishment. The smells of delicious food and enticing coffee waft past your nose and if the amazing smells don't draw you in, the shiny baubles will. Walking in further, there are tiny store fronts that have no doors. Everything is very open and airy. It feels like a local market with numerous vendors, where you can browse to your heart's content and find something unique. I really like that everything is local!In my browsing, there were several shops - clothing, accessories, makeup, bicycles, sunglasses, candy, and olives! I loved all the different shops and really enjoyed browsing and making purchases. Whether you are shopping for yourself or a gift for friends/family, this is definitely a place to check out! I'm so glad this opened!
4	As others have said, it's probably the closest thing to Bay Area shopping in the Valley. That being said, its not really like the Ferry Building or the Fourth Street shops in Berkeley, but it is a good collection of local businesses with interesting items that you're unlikely to find elsewhere. From olive oil to bicycles, travel accessories to vintage sunglasses, men's and women's clothing or even classic candies, this is place to go if you want something different and unique.I just wonder how long it will last because rent in the Biltmore can't be cheap and even with the inflated prices, these stores are going to need to do a lot of business and so far when I've been they appear to be filled with people browsing, not buying.
5	Really enjoyed walking through Union today.  It was like a mini Chelsea Market in NYC all based on local vendors.  Found a couple bottles of wine and chocolate at Oil & Olive...lucky for us there were free samples to dig into.  Also was able to find a baby shower gift over at White House Flowers.It's total proof that Local is powerful.  An absolute pleasure to peruse the 18 shops with such variety from bicycles, candles, flowers, pillows, clocks, magazines, and a dandy restaurant to boot.Will definitely be back and will be marvelous for unique Christmas shopping
5	It's a great bazaar of locally owned shops in a very unique mall.  The Biltmore has been reinventing itself and the Union is a great start.  For clothes horse like myself, check out Bonafide Goods.  This shop carries Billy Reid, New England Shirt Company, an edited assortment of raw denim, and kick ass bow ties (that my lovely girlfriend bought for me).  The staff here is very friendly, knowledgeable and just awesome.  For a bite to eat, check out Trattoria del Piero.  Get the Kalamata sandwich and ask that the bread not be pressed; you will not regret it.   Afterwards, go to the Whoopi Pie station right next door for dessert; again, you will not regret this.  The Union also features some awesome home shops, boutiques for the fairer sex, a sunglass shop, and sweet bike shop.  Lastly, it also has a magazine stand that could use more of a selection (get the Economist!).  In all, I give this place 5 stars for making shopping in Phoenix better, for having unique shops that are locally owned, and for just having a sweet atmosphere.  You will not regret coming to this mini bazaar.
5	I absolutely love this idea...genius!  Top notch small businesses in one location - love it!
3	I struggle with this one quite a bit.  I love the revitalization of Biltmore Fashion Park - although I am terribly sad that a quarter of it was torn down for a parking lot.  The Sharper Image will be missed.Somehow, I don't see how this place will last.  All of the shops are completely adorable - and most are local, which I am all for!  But the price point at most is a tad ridiculous - $1200 for a beach cruiser?  In Phoenix?  Where your safest best for bike riding is along the canal and it is probably too hot anyways?  Maybe.  I can imagine this a great place to pick up some cute original gifts or decor items for the house.  They do have a candy store that offers some of the old school treats too, and they have kept up with inflation. But as far as a shopping destination? I'm not quite feeling it since it lacks in variety, functionality and accessibility to the masses.
4	Really cute and different. I liked the openess and flea market feel of it.  My only wish is that the newstand had more stationary stuff.  Great day overall though.
2	I went here to do my annual Christmas shopping at Smeeks.  I disapprove of the fact that Smeeks moved from the cool plaza at Central & Camelback.  As a bicylist, I appreciate small shopping centers that contain several interesting businesses and bike racks.  While I can still bike to the Biltmore, and the mall has bike racks, it's just not the same.  I would rather have these small, interesting, locally-owned businesses spread out in small, locally-owned shopping centers.  The Smeeks seems smaller and seems to have a more limited inventory than they did when they were in the plaza with Halo, Frances and Stinkweeds.
4	I'm not huge on malls.  At all.  But the ladies and I visited Union for ladies' night specials last week and it was actually really fun!  It's more of a farmer's market for boutiques than it is a mall.  And the restaurant there - Del Piero - was exactly up my alley.  Tons of fresh, delicious salads, a nice patio, live music.  It's definitely worth a visit.  And if they keep the $20 bottle/board special at Del Piero, it's probably worth a regular visit.  ;)
4	Union makes me think of an upscale flea market.  Is that weird? Meh, to each their own.  It's a great addition to this mall, I think it needed a little "hip" flare.  This is it !  There are a lot of hipsters and great locally owned shops, locally owned is what makes it what it is. A bunch of upscale boutiques put under one roof? Genius.  The bike store has to be my favorite.  Everything is on the more expensive side, but you have to somewhat expect that at the Biltmore Mall right?  There are great places with knick-knacks for your home, also pricy.  But it's super fun to walk through and if anything you can pick up some inspiration. There is a restaurant that I cannot remember the name for the life of me, but it's a little cafe at the very end of the "strip".  I have gone twice on Saturday afternoon's and it's never overly crowded, or crowded at all.  That is not to say that their food and drinks are not delicious.  Because they are. :) I've had the mimosa and the Caesar salad, both were great!  Caesar salad was very crunchy which is my favorite, I hate when it's soggy.I definitely like Union and will be back, I especially like that I can park for free for the first two hours.  If I go over that it's because I've had too many cocktails.
3	Union is a great concept that I think is going to struggle a little. I can't tell the future, I liked a lot of what I saw there, but I'm just speculating. 1. It is stuck way on the east end of the Biltmore and there is little/no signage indicating Union's existence. 2. Sticker shock 3. It tries to be cool (with some success) in the way that going to the ferry building in SF or Pike's Place Market in Seattle is cool, if you divide the size by 100 and add the charm of being stuck on the east end of the Biltmore. All that said, I hope it works. I think Biltmore management could do a better job of directing some foot traffic that direction. Time will tell.
4	Very cool shops full of neat gifts and goodies. They are a little pricey but still fun to look around. You never know what you might find! Old fashion candy, whimsical kitchen items, food products, clothing, etc. They often have live music as well!
3	I finally had an excuse to visit Union after the Shop Around Biltmore Yelp event last week and I really enjoyed it. What a cool concept! It sort of reminded me of Chelsea Market in NYC b/c it is an enclosed shopping area with wide open storefronts facing a central walk way. However it feels so much more organic than a mall. Unfortunately, even though it is indoors, on the evening we visited the A/C was not working too well so I had to deduct a star for that.I also do agree with Jennifer O. that I was expecting the boutiques to contain more items that were made locally. I thought it would be all pieces from local artisans and craftsmen like Practical Art or Green Table Gifts sell in their shops. It was still pretty cool that they had some unique items, even if they aren't locally made. I plan to return around the holidays for sure.
5	The Union is a great place to visit in the summertime because it is all indoors.  Cute, boutique and unusual stores...fun to walk around in and explore the open storefronts.  I love the Royal Coffee shop and the KAK shop inside, both earned high remarks from me.  If you are looking for a creative gift, this would be the place to find it at.  I personally haven't bought anything except for food inside the Union, so I can't comment on the buying experience at the locally owned stores.
3	Charming idea that's struggling over whether it's for tourists or for locals, and tourism seems to be winning.Pluses are that the crowded little corridor is lively and it's filled with quirky little shops. If you're visiting Arizona, it's great because you don't have to leave the resort-tourism belt for the hipster shops.The major minus is that there's not much tenant stability. The newsstand shrank, then vanished. Smeeks vanished. Frances closed its outpost. The flower shop appears to come and go seasonally. The end where the newsstand used to be is now a makeover place and something juice-related. If you're a local trying to stop here for a specific shop you've grown fond of, you may be SOL.The rotating shops are probably part of the concept, to keep it vibrant; but in that case, there needs to be signage to tell us where the shops went when they leave!
5	This needed to happen at the Biltmore, and I hope it can come to Tempe and other suitable locations next. Love the variety of local options!
