5	The salon is nice and inviting, has always been a pleasant experience.  Katie is a coloring master!  She definitely knows her stuff and I've always walked away from her cuts and colors a happy customer.  I know at least 20 other people who won't let anyone but Katie touch their hair...she's that good.  Highly recommend her!  Oh yeah, they have goodies to eat and drink while you're there, always appreciated. and some great jewelry...!
4	Was gifted a facial to this lovely salon in Phoenix.  I've been here several times before for other services, but this was the first facial I have received.  Jen Huston was the esthetician and she was very nice and friendly.   As we went through the facial, she explained every thing she was doing and why we were doing it (ie. I'm using a pumpkin enzyme on you because it helps break up the dead skin cells, it will feel tingly).  It was really great!  She also gave great skin care tips and never pressured you to buy any products.  Plus, she didn't leave the room while you are getting your mask.  Instead, she gave a great neck and shoulders massage and scalp massage.  My skin looked and felt great afterward!  I'll definitely check her out next time I'm in town.  Plus, the price is great.  She also works at their Chandler location.
5	one day i was shopping in one of my favorite stores, LUSH, and i noticed one of the employees had GORGEOUS curls. i complimented her on them and started in with the usual styling product questions. she briefly told me what she used but credited her amazing curls to her stylist, lauren williams at leidan mitchell salon.i took down the number, but i held on to it for a while before calling. i was loyal to my current stylist. after a few times of inability to coordinate an appointment with her, i gave up and decided it was the perfect time to try out someone new.it took me a few tries to get in with lauren because our schedules are pretty much opposite, but when i finally did it was worth it. i told her i needed a change and basically gave her free reign over my hair. i went from blonde to red, and i never thought of myself as a redhead but i love it. i don't think i've gotten so many compliments on my hair in my life!my next trip she chopped my hair (at my request) and gave me amazing bangs. i never thought i could even wear bangs with my coarse thick curls, but she showed me how to style them and make it work.lauren is amazing! she even texts me to follow up a few days after my appointment to make sure i'm happy with my hair. i highly recommend her.
5	Lauren continues to amaze me with her hair knowledge and skills. She consistently educates herself on the newest techniques and products. I don't have to worry about keeping up with everything because she lets me know about what new products I should try for my hair. I think she knows my hair better than I do! I used to hate getting my hair done, but now I look forward to it just so I can see Lauren! She is the perfect balance between friendly and professional. I've had stylists before who adopt that friendly demeanor, but then they think they can cancel your appointment at the last minute or quadruple book you and leave you waiting for hours. I've never had to wait for Lauren, and she will perfectly time a haircut to be finished while my color processes. It's pretty amazing now that I think about it. Lauren is fabulous. She schedules her appointments on her cell at 602-435-6199.
5	Annette Garcia fixed a major mistake of another salon on my hair - Yea Annette to the rescue. I walked out looking sassy and feeling better than ever. Then she suggested getting a new lipstick and the make-up lady found a new color that popped. Go here if you really want professionals that care about their work and how you look and feel!
5	This salon has the most professional staff. Cynthia is my stylist and she is always on time and always has given me great cuts. I know my hair will looks its best when I leave this salon.
5	Lauren Williams is a curly hair expert and continues to provide amazing service. She is now using an organic color line which I LOVE! My hair has never looked better. I have never stuck with a hairstylist for this long, but Lauren has me hooked. She is the best, and I get compliments on my hair every time I go out.She also does not overbook, yet she always gets me in when at the time and date I request. She really provides superior customer service which I greatly appreciate.
5	The place is a nice backdrop for Jennifer "J" that does my hair. She is a fantastic colorist.  I won't go to anyone else.  Definitely worth the thirty minute drive.
5	I saw Jennifer Houston for a Dermaplaning treatment. I was impressed with the salon, the atmosphere and Jennifer's knowledge and expertise. The service was performed perfectly and I wouldn't hesitate to refer her! It's obvious that she is a very skilled aesthetician, but it's her warm and friendly personality that really puts you at ease immediately.
5	Since I recently moved I was in the market for a new stylist closer to home than my previous residence in Scottsdale.  After searching on Yelp, which never disappoints, I found this salon 5 minutes from my home and on my route to work.  Perfect location with a recent review for a particular stylist (Lauren) and her impeccable skill with curly hair.  I made an appointment and I am impressed.  She did an amazing job, really listened to what I wanted which did change throughout our conversation and I am in love with my new hairstyle.
1	Leidan Mitchell Salon (the Indian School location) is about a 5 minute drive from my office. After three separate attempts at contacting the salon on three separate occasions with no answer or returned phone call, I decided it was best to stop in on a Saturday morning. I was looking to make a nail appointment and did not expect to be accommodated the same day (especially on a Saturday). However, the receptionist exclaimed "of course we can fit you in, no problem". At that, I proceeded to sit in the center of the salon for 15 minutes. I watched the front desk girl approach multiple nail techs all of whom seemed to be busy and/or annoyed. The receptionist returned to let me know that, in fact, they did not have any openings. When I inquired when the next opening would be she took my number down and said someone would be in touch with me soon. About three weeks have gone by now, and I have yet to receive a phone call. When I called to follow up, again, there was no answer. When I expressed the difficulty I was experiencing in terms of getting in touch with someone the day I went into the salon - the receptionist gave me a confused look and did not even take the simple, logical step of confirming the number I was dialing (although this is the phone number listed on their website). All in all, I was turned off by the simple lack of care I was shown as a new potential client. At the very least, a professional establishment in the customer service industry should have a scheduling system (whether paper or electronic) that allows them to easily relay openings to, and book appointments for, interested clients. They could not even offer that. No establishment should ever leave a customer feeling that their business is not needed, but unfortunately Leidan Mitchell did just that.
2	I hate to leave negative feedback, but I just was not impressed!  I was wanting a salon closer to work/home, but I think I will just go back to my stylist in the west valley.  I was there on a Saturday and is was very busy, which I took as a good sign.  However once I stepped out of the reception area, I was instantly uncomfortable.  Its hard to explain what made me uncomfortable...maybe just me?  The salon is nicely decorated with an antique theme.  They use great products.  What I really didn't like is that I was in and out in 1 hour with color and cut!  Their prices reflect quality work, but I do not feel I received this.  You want me to spend over $100 in 1 hour?!  Un, no.  The consultation was 3 minutes at best which resulted in me not getting what I wanted and my stylist answered a personal call on her phone.  I do like my hair color, but not the leftover on my forehead.  I don't know if it was my stylist or if all the stylists have time limits for services, but it was just rushed.
1	I went to Miriam to get a hair cut, and the first time was great. The second time was not. I showed her specific pictures of how I wanted my hair cut. She didn't cut it the way the pictures showed nor the way I wanted it. I thought I would give her one last chance to fix it, so I went back. I wish I wouldn't have. First of all, I had to wait over a hour for her to show up at the salon. She said she thought the appointment was for another day. It wasn't, I had the day and time on my voicemail. I know it wasn't the front desk's fault but they could have acted more Courteous.  Another stylist offered to do my hair. I wish I would have let her. When she finally showed up, she acted like it was more my fault and it was no big deal. She did say sorry but it seemed like, I'm sorry I had to come to work. I told her what the problem was with the cut and showed her again pictures of what I wanted. For me it's hard to tell in the salon sometimes how the cut has come out. Also, I didn't think I would have to pay the regular amount, because I had been in there a month or less. She took ten off because she was late. Then later when I had the chance I really looked at my hair. The layers were uneven. She had left a big chunk of hair longer than the other, etc. I'm having to grow my hair out before I can get it cut, so I'm really not happy! I've had other problems with Leidan Mitchell also.
5	I have been going here for about a year. I found this place online and called to make an appointment because they are close to my house. They scheduled me with Ashley Nelson. She is super sweet and amazing. She always gets the color perfect and the cut always looks great. I will not go to anyone else. My suggestion is to make your appointment in the morning as parking gets a little crazy closer to lunch time because its a busy plaza. I would highly recommend this place.
5	Love this salon. Very clean and all of the stylist are very talented. If you are looking for someone new ask for Hannah, she is also the best at extensions. Great local business to support. Very convenient location no matter where you are located in the valley
3	I have been going to this salon for a few months. They seem to have good hair products but are a bit expensive.
5	I have been going to Ruth for years and she is amazing.  Leidan Mitchell is a Phoenix staple in the salon world.
5	Great Salon! Ashley Grubbs does my hair and she is awesome!  Brittney for all skin care needs!  Really great place!
5	What a great location. I saw THOMAS MARTIN. What a great stylist! He listens and did an excellent job of getting me what I wanted for my hair. The cut was precise and the color poppin! Will def be coming back!
5	Julia is amazing! Not only is she super nice, but she is great at what she does! My hair was a mess. I don't know how she did it, but the girl worked magic!
1	I tried this salon to see if I wanted to use them for hair and makeup for my bridal party. I paid them in full ahead of time. The woman in charge was hard to get in touch with most of the time. The day of the wedding the assistant was scheduled to be there at 8 am. By 8:15 I was calling her - she wasn't there and she didn't answer her phone. I called her 3 times and left a voicemail and by 9:30 she still wasn't there. By 10:30 they both showed up. Neither one of them ever apologized that they were late, only saying they had it down for the wrong day, despite the fact that I confirmed with them. While it was great they were willing to come to my house, they were so late that my day was ridiculously stressful, and they burnt one of our chairs with their curling iron. Very unprofessional and inconsiderate of them to act like that-no apology, discount or explanation. I would not recommend hinging your special day on this salon.
1	Would recommend to not offer a Groupon if you can't answer your phone or return a bloody text message. 3 attempts and nothing. Even went in there to make an appointment. Was given a card and told to call for an appointment. Sure, that worked,. This was counterproductive and a colossal waste of time!Perhaps you can extend some professionalism and honor your offer. Fortunately, Groupon credited my account. Buyer beware!
1	Went to see Amy on a Groupon.  She did the fastest cut in the west!  It looked Ok, not the greatest (which I expected from this place).  I got home and my son said "Mom, you have a mullet!"  Yep, sure enough the cut wasn't even in the back.  I went back in an hour and she got me in to fix it.  Unfortunately, now I'm at home I see it doesn't match the other side of the back of my head.  Ok....if this was Super Cuts or something like that I'd just live with it.  NOT Leiden Mitchell....I guess with a Groupon they give you a half price cut.
5	Got a Groupon and went to see Amy for a full highlight. Loved her work, the salon is Beautiful, and she was super nice. Every employee at the salon had AMAZING hair so Id trust them all! Amy was quick, but I consider that a good thing! She did great work, and I had compliments from 2 random people in 2 different stores the day she did my hair. I will be going back for my up keep.  Thought about rating her a 4 star bc she was a little hard to get a hold of initially, but Like most of us..she's busy! If you can't reach her right away just text her. (For groupon users her # is the one in the instruction box on how to use your groupon with her. Not the one for the salon at the top) Her work was worth the 5!
