4	I went to Teddy's yesterday for the first time. It's pretty close by my house, so I'd meant to check them out sooner. They don't offer pizza by the slice, so I'd left the first time I'd been in there. Yesterday, though, I decided to try them out.I ordered their hot veggie sub, and it may well be the best sub I've had in Charlotte. It was kind of like a vegetarian pizza sandwich. It was huge and stuffed with all the best pickings from veggie pizzas, and smothered with sauce. It was all toasty and delicious, and the whole ticket only came to $5. The service was a little slow, and it was kind of hot in the restaurant...but overall, I was impressed with the sandwich beyond my wildest dreams. I'll definitely be back to get another...possibly, in a few minutes.They also had some big slices of homemade cake. I was trying to be conservative, but next time around, I'm grabbing a piece of that chocolate stuff. It looked moist and amazing. They have video games, too, which kind of makes me wish I was 14.
4	Teddy's is the sort of pizza place that doesn't really exist much in Charlotte (any more anyway).  You'll find them all over in the North East, but not here.  It used to be called Topper's Pizza - I don't know if it's the same place, just renamed, of if it's actually a different owner - but it looks like it's been there for fifty years.I'll warn you up-front that if you don't like to look at places unless they are spotless, order their delivery.  Even then, you may not be terribly impressed by what you see in their Cleveland Browns-inspired delivery-mobiles.  Still, the inside of the place isn't dirty, it's just... old looking.  And covered everywhere by Browns merchandise.  From decades ago.The staff is friendly, and as mentioned previously, there are video games.  Several of them.  Which is interesting, if only because you can't eat in.  It does give you a way to pass the time.  I didn't really have to wait long, even on a relatively busy night when I didn't call ahead, but it would have been a way to kill that short wait.As to the pie itself - it's a sort of mid-crust.  Not too thin, not too thick.  Reminds me a bit of Little Caesar's, if that helps you place it.  In fact, the pizza itself tastes a bit the same.  And it's not bad.  You don't get two of them for one low price, but the price isn't outrageous either, and it's not a chain (at least, I can't imagine it being one).
5	I loved Teddy's Pizza!  Of course, being a Browns fan doesn't hurt either.  We ate inside even though there wasn't room to eat but we made the best of it and really enjoyed some great Pizza and the best wings in Charlotte.The pizza dough is made at the restaurant every day so you know you are getting the freshest available.  The crust is not too think or too thin.  Right in the middle.  The wings are by far the best in Charlotte. I haven't had anything better anywhere.  We did the football special two, two topping pizza's and 20 wings.  Great Prices too.  I would recommend Teddy's for take out or delivery and I have yet to try the sandwhiches or calzones but if the wings and pizza are any clue I'm sure it'll will be just as good.
4	Great when im on that side of town
5	Teddy treats everyone who comes in the door like a best friend and he does not want his friends going away disappointed, so tell him what you want and he will do his best to see you leave happy.I've been a Teddy's customer for 10+ years ever since I first noticed his original location on The Plaza while driving home when working downtown.  When that location close to my delight they moved even closer to my house.  My wife and I get carryout at least 3-4 times a month.   Pizza, hot dogs; pasta dinners; subs, wings are all good..Don't go in looking for a gourmet pizza with goat cheese, pesto or sun dried tomatoes.  However, for what he does Teddy is the best in the neighborhood.  Thin crust with extra pepperoni and cheese is my normal order. :)
4	Ni hao, I love this place , the taste of the pasta dishes is superb , the sheet pizza is amazingly huge and the cakes they sell just melt in your mouth , will let you know more as I eat my way through the menu, i think they are great , i order delivery once a week , takes about 10 min more than the chains to deliver , but it's better pizza . Gotta go now , made myself hungry , gonna order again.  "Stay Awesome Gotham" , Anna Akana's slogan on YouTube.
4	Great little spot! Awesome deals & the pizza is delicious! Their largest pizza is huge! And the hot wings are definitely spicy enough for me. Every time I order out from here I have quick service! I've never had anything delivered, but pick up service is great! & Teddy is actually in there! Great family feel! Yummy pizza, service that feels personal, & great prices... What more could you ask for!
3	Teddy's pizza is fabulous!  That's the only reason we go back.  Last night when I called to place my pickup order, the phone was answered with a very disheartened voice, as though it made him sad that an order was coming through.  I was quoted 20-30 minutes.  Knowing their tendencies for being late, especially with delivery, I left my house 35 minutes after the call.  Knowing I had to drive about 15 minutes, I figured this would give then plenty of time.  As I walked in the door I saw him putting my pizza in the oven.  Remember, this is at least 40 minutes after I called.  Silly me, I didn't check the pizza before I left.  When I got it home it was completely wrong.  I love Teddys pizza.  He's got one of the best crusts around.  It's really hard to give it 5 stars because they're slow and this isn't the first time our pizza was wrong.
3	Teddy's subs are great! I love the Italian sub it's loaded and the prices are great! The only draw back with Teddy's is the slowness of getting your order ready!  Even when you call the order in and wait past the time they give you; when you get there the order isn't ready! But most of the time the staff is friendly and the old video games helps to take your mind off the fact you are still waiting for your order!
5	First timer today and I find out Teddy is from Cleveland! Not only did we grow up damn near neighbors, but he made me the best, old school, Youngstown, OH Brier Hill pizza! Sauce is sweet and tangy, pepperoni crisped perfectly, fresh green peppers, and a thin crust that would make the Mafioso Mamas cry! On top of it all, I walked in to order, so I had the chance to watch Teddy perform the graceful dance of a tarantella while he successfully painted his pizza canvasses, made salads, sculpted lasagna a, answered the phones, and partook in repartee with the many customers who streamed in! Grazie!
5	Awesome pizza at an knockout price.. great food and friendly service from the staff, Teddy (The owner) insnt always the friendliest person! The food is always made to order and tastes awesome.. They are very busy for deliveries so pick up of you can!
4	This place is a hidden gem on the northeast side of town. As stated their pizza taste similar to Little Caesars and Chucky Cheese's. They have a Cleveland Special deal where you get two large pizza with two toppings and 20 wings for $20.99. You can't beat that price! We have purchase the bake spaghetti there which was pretty good also. My favorite from Teddy's is their subs! I love both the meatball and Philly cheese steak subs. They are delicious! Their service time is really slow though. Carryout is always 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes is what they say, but I always just do pick up since I'm literally across the street. Even with take out be prepare to not have your order within 20 minutes as promise. I would go about 30-40 minutes after placing an order. We definitely love this spot close to home when we want a delicious sub!
1	worst service experience! I ever had  owner was rude and food was LATE cold pizza is no good
