4	I take my car to get washed here every once in a while.  $6 for a basic car wash isn't bad.  This location has one of the full car wash machines not the little ones that are self service.  I always wanted to take pics while driving through a car wash, so....Action pics included above.Since there was some recent construction on the roads near our house, my Wife's car had some tar stains on the side panels.  After this wash, they were all gone.Will I return?  You bet!
3	Had to get a Smog Check & Oil Change for my car this week and decided to stop by Terrible's.  It was Saturday and very busy.  I thought I was going to be here for hours.There were 2 cars ahead of me for the Smog Check and 6 cars waiting for an Oil Change.  Good thing I had my iPad with me.  I hunkered down for a long morning.I was pleasantly surprised when they called my name after 45 minutes!  That's right, it took no longer than 45 minutes to get both an Oil Change and Smog Check on a busy Saturday!  This place is great.  I've been here a few times for an Oil Change, but for some reason have ignored it for a while.....that won't happen again.The price was right too....with the coupons I had, I paid $42 for everything....plus I get a FREE Car Wash too...Score!Will I return?  You bet!
3	I find it weird that I would review a gas station since its only gas, but this station has the Oil & Lube, Car Wash and Smog Services. I usually come here every year to get my smog checks done, they are fast :) Its usually 19.95 for your smog test if you pass, and I believe its like 13.95 if you fail. Thankfully i've never failed a smog check. I usually go in the mornings, since the smog service opens at 7:30a, and it usually only takes five minutes!!!
3	Gas is gas.. But I only feed my car best of the best food and chevron is one of them. However, my car usually needs vacuuming and a car wash around the same time I need to fill up. When I came here, I was already going on empty, so I decided to vacuum, then fill up in hopes to receive a car wash discount from a gas purchase like at other gas stations I go to. Unfortunately they don't have that offer. Womp-womp. It's usually a packaged deal.Free and unlimited vacuuming is a plus.
5	Finally decided to go and get my oil change done. The last time I had one (walmart in ga) it took over TWO HOURS, so I wasn't really eager to get it done. Decided to try Terrible's because they couldn't POSSIBLY take as long. Plus, I love the name. My BF and I always joke when pass this place, sign says Terrible, oil and lube, gas, cigarettes..So we joke about getting the Terrible beer and cigarettes. Yeah, probably only funny to me. Anyways, I was in and out in less than 20 minutes, and a sweet boy gave me a coupon for $8 off. The oil change came with a free car wash, which my car desperately needed.. See, we drove across to move here about a month and a half ago, and I sort of haven't gotten my car wash yet.. It was filthy and disgusting. The car wash got it pretty clean, though I still have to wash off some of the dead bug from the grille. Ugh
3	I am not a big fan of Herbst because they rarely stock the products on their shelves, and their stores are generally pretty dirty and unkempt. I do come to this car wash occasionally, and the service is generally good, as well as the quality of the exterior wash. They have free use vacuums which are a plus.
4	I am not a fan of Herbst locations, except their car washes. For a $6 exterior wash, this location does a good job and the service is usually friendly and on point. This wash is a machine with a person in the beginning to do an initial scrub. The plus is the no-cost vacuums...
5	I came here for a quick hot minute for a smog check, since it was that time of the year to renew my car registration. This location was in between my next errand I had to do and having a hot pink postcard from this place of getting $5 off in the mail, I thought it can't be that "terrible" after all. So I gave this place a try. Luckily, I came here at the right time... NOBODY in line for a smog check in 100+ heat weather around 5p.m. Yes!!! The smog check is actually in the back of the Chevron gas station, which is adjacent to the car wash entrance. You'll see Big Lots when you drive in that direction and on the left are a few tents to park your car in or if you're the only one in line, you'll make a sharp u-turn to place your car in the right position (driver's side) to do the smog test. The mechanic/sales associate popped my hood and plugged in the tester under my steering wheel.. I swear it was less than 20 seconds and my car was done. Passed with flying colors and all I had to do was go inside to pay. It's regularly $19.95, but if you bring that hot pink postcard, it's $14.95 :) Nice..Hassle-free, good service, and I was literally done with everything in less than a minute! Lucky me :D
1	I came here around 6:30pm this Saturday for a car wash.  I paid $14.00 for the works  + Air Freshner.  The kid scrubbing my truck missed a lot on my truck!  He did not get the front of the truck, the windshield, the rear window or the rear tailgate.After the car wash, I had like 10 minutes to vacuum before they turned it off.  When I was done I saw the had missed spots and I was going to talk to the girl at the window to get another go through to fix what they missed.  No, instead they closed the doors and windows and hid in there. I felt like I was robbed $14.00.
4	It's a gas station, and a car wash.Came here for a quick car wash and to get some gas for my commute.
3	$6 exterior car wash, and you can find a $2 off coupon online.  Makes for a cheap car wash, except I have to get out of my car to dry off my car after it's been "dried."  You get what you pay for!
3	We didn't encounter a line at this car wash on a sunny Saturday early-afternoon. The attendants were quite friendly and everything seemed legit. We did not have to get out of our vehicles for any reason, so I'm confused by some of the other reviews regarding this location; although we didn't choose to have any sort of vacuuming done to our car. We didn't find anything unsatisfactory with our visit, so we'll definitely be back again.
5	It's a standard gas station and convenience store as far as that goes. But go here for a oil change! So we've been going to a TH for changes near our house in Centennial Hills and found out our favorite person moved here and became manager at that! We happened to be in the area, so why not go where we know Kyle works and is cool as hell? It's never too busy, maybe just a car ahead and they get it done quick. They're super nice at that and even offered to change a light in the headlight if we just go grab the bulb at the store. As always, you get a free car wash with services and the BF never uses it despite having the filthiest car ever *rolls eyes* For once he actually used it and bless the guy who goes to scrub your tires tried to get it all clean before we went down the conveyor into the automated wash. Hassle free, quick, friendly and honest as well.
3	Don't get gas here on weekdays between 4 & 6pm. Very busy and doesn't have a good flow of traffic.
1	What the hell. I gave the guy $20 and the gas would only fill up to $19.89.It's not about the 11 cents, but the principle of the matter. From my experience, most gas pumps stop before it gets to the full value, but you can always keep pumping until it gets there. This was not the case with this one. The trigger was loose and just wouldn't go anymore. That's kinda fucked up if you ask me.
