5	I love this place! They have the best customer service and are very helpful! Will come to this place again!
4	I went here intending to purchase a wig and ended up buying two. They have a nice selection of wigs.  The 2 men that were working were a great help and offered suggestions. The store was clean and organized.
5	Just had the most pleasant experience @WigLand. My favorite weave store. I was so inspired with the #customerservice that I cried in the store. I'm such a baby. #randomactsofkindness #raok I love love love this place
1	Terrible service, the guy was on the phone the entire time we were there. Did not assist us in any way. And charged $0.50 for the little cap to try on wigs. Will never go in that store again.
1	I have never encountered such horrible customer service! I have very long hair and have been thinking about cutting about 10 inches off and before I did wanted to try out a wig to make sure I wouldn't hate the short look on me. I went into wig land hoping to find a wig I could test out for a couple of weeks but the lady working said I couldn't try on most of the wigs because my hair was too long. So when I asked what I could try on and told her my reason for wig shopping, she told me I couldn't try on anything and that her wigs are "not for play" and if I want to cut my hair to just cut it. Even after I tried to explain that I wanted to buy a wig she just keep saying I couldn't try on anything. She was extremely rude and I would never recommend this store to anyone!
1	I came in to try on some wigs with a friend who was thinking about cutting her hair short. I was contemplating a new hair color. The lady who works here was rude and short. You can only try on wigs if you purchase a cap for 50 cents, which is fine, but then you can only try on 5 and take no photos. I was about to put on my 5th wig when the lady tells me I have tried on too many and she doesn't want any more stress so I can't try any more on. I told her this was going to be my 5th and she refused to let me try any more on. She sucks.
5	The lady in the store was very friendly and helpful. I understand that if you do not bring your wig cap you have the buy one,or would you want to try on a dirty wig. Yeah they have a 5 wig try on rule,but I'm sure if its not busy she help you try more. Prices are ok, online is always cheaper but there you cant try. Overall i had a great experience and i would recommend.
