5	If you ever find yourself in Edinburgh, make the trip to Leith; it's only a short cab ride.  This restaurant is worth the short trip and it's also located near the docks in area that has been revived so it's a different glimpse into Scottish "suburb" life.  The food is exceptional!  Thankfully, Scotland next to  cold waters so you are able to experience seafood and local fish that are so fresh they are bursting with unbelievable flavor.  You will not be disappointed.  The staff is attentive and strive to make certain that you are satisfied.  We brought our toddler child here, the staff was so sweet, we almost asked if they babysat.  We loved this place so much that we went twice in 3 weeks.  Oh what a find.  Had it not been for the kind, old gentlemen strolling along the boardwalk in Portobello, we would have never found this gem!!!
5	This is a great place for fresh seafood. The oysters were amazing and from a local lake that is both fresh and salt water. We also shared a pot of mussels that felt bottomless and the famous crab cakes. The food was excellent despite the sunburn I got from eating outside.
5	Yum yum yum! Exclamation mark. I hopefully managed to put across my admiration, greedy respect and wholehearted recommendation of Fishers in my review of Fishers in the City, and Fishers Bistro on The Shore is no exception.In terms of location, Fishers Bistro definitely has the scenic edge compared to Fishers in the City. The Shore, if you're unfamiliar with it, is a really pretty little area of Leith, lined with really good bars, restaurants and old fashioned pubs, and a fantastic get away from the city centre on a sunshine filled day. One day I decided to do just this, as I do feel I neglect Leith sometimes, just because it is that wee but further from my abode. I had a gorgeous lunch at Fishers Bistro, with the seafood soup to start, with lashings of buttered bread, followed by a perfectly textured and flavoured halibut dish. The interior has that definite maritime look going on, and marble look table tops, which I think suit Fishers perfectly, being sea themed and all that. Fishers Bistro is a bit smaller than Fishers in the City, so booking ahead would definitely be advised. Don't be fearful if you're not fishy orientated, there are succulent meat options and a list of veggie offerings to choose from too.
5	Fishers is just perfect.  My husband and I spent a weekend in Edinburgh at the Scotch Malt Whiskey Society flats, which is just a few blocks from the restaurant.  After hearing what seemed like countless great reviews, decided it was necessary to check it out before leaving and grabbed a late lunch on our last day in town.  After being seated, I asked our waiter if the fish soup had salmon and when he confirmed it did, we bonded over the fact that we both find it annoying that we don't like the taste of such a popular fish that is seemingly in everything.  Since the soup wasn't an option, I started with queenie scallops.  They were served broiled on the shell with a tasty butter sauce.  I parted with one in return for one of the six fresh oysters that my husband was enjoying.For my main I went big and ordered the lobster, which was incredible.  I could have honestly eaten a second one just because it was that delicious.  My husband feasted on a fillet of smoked haddock with Isle of Mull rarebit.  I'm usually not a huge fan of smoked anything, especially fish, but after trying it I reached over with my fork a few more times to sneak some nibbles.  The portions weren't small, but somehow we managed to order dessert.  I had the cheese plate which included some very strong slices, which I loved.  My husband opted for the ice cream and wasn't disappointed.  Fishers can be a bit of a splurge, especially if you order the lobster, but it's worth every penny.  I don't think I'll ever forget my meal.
5	Absolutely perfect. Wonderful fresh and local seafood options, a daily specials and a la carte menu, oysters to die for and wonderful Aberdeen steaks. Great service with a smile and reasonable prices. Overlooking the Port of Leith - stunning.
5	Wow! From the ambiance of a very old restaurant with huge amounts of charisma, to great service, great oysters, fantastic smoked salmon and fish chowder..Fisher's is an awesome place to dine.
5	Fantastic.Dinner at Fishers was the absolute perfect way to end our stay in Edinburgh.  The seafood, vegetables, and meat were all amazingly fresh and cooked to perfection.  The brandy and peppercorn cream sauce on the steak was one of the most delicious sauces my taste buds have ever had the pleasure of tasting.  The restaurant itself was quaint and situated right along the water, the perfect setting.Definitely make reservations, we didn't have one but were very lucky that 2 spots opened up at the bar right as we walked in.  The bartender also recommended a lesser known whisky that is now my boyfriend's absolute favorite-a small example of the friendliness and helpfulness of all the staff there!  When we're back in Scotland we will be back to Fishers!
5	Friendly bartanders, great seafood soup, but most importantly, the best oysters and mussels I've had.  They accommodated a last minute traveler like me, and made it a highlight of my trip up to Edinburgh.  I hope to return back to this place someday!
4	On the down side this is an establishment having to make best use of a small-ish space therefore getting in and out of the left side of the table my group occupied last Saturday night was a bit of an escapade. On the plus side I personally was right beside the radiator. Feng shui aside there was nothing wrong with any of the food or drinks we ordered. Having initially felt that the pigeon breast starter was a tad on the small side by the time I finished my main course of red gurnard with potatoes, garlic & shallots I was full enough to have no need of dessert (which in the end didn't stop me polishing off half of the rather large creme brulee ordered by a friend). Washed down with an excellent Portugese red this all more than made up for the minor serving errors (1 too many cheese boards, a delayed linguine etc.) therefore I feel quite safe in recommending people make the effort to eat here.
5	Outstanding restaurant in Leith section of Edinburgh. Many new places to eat, but I'm glad we decided to eat here. Many great choices of fish to eat, all well prepared and very tasty. Very good selection of wines to compliment the meal and deserts to die for, especially the sticky toffee! The service was very good once we got going with our meal. The fun place to sit is in the barn area with the tall tables and chairs, although we enjoyed being in the other room and being able to see outside. I would highly recommend. One of the best meals out I've had in Scotland.
5	LOVE! cannot fault this restaurant! I have been here twice for my birthday and the food is exquisite!I had breast of partridge to start and monkfish for main....amazing! I did not have room for desert, however the chap on the table next to me ordered Creme Brulee and it looked divine! It can be pricey but you certainly get what you pay for in this fine establishment, also importantly you do not feel intimidated like you may do with other high end restaurants as the decor is cosy and welcoming. Nice fora wine too with its extensive wine list. Go!
3	Fishers was recommended by the owner of our B&B and was a nice choice considering we had only two days in Edinburgh and wanted to experience some fresh sea food.  The two great points going for Fishers is that they are smack on the water and pulling in a nice selection of super fresh seafood.  That combined with the fact that they cook it really well, makes for a great fish experience.We started with a soft shelled crab which was delish - worth fighting over the last bite for! :) Then I had the sea bass and my partner had the sole - again, both cooked so that the flavours shine through without too much fuss or muss.  (of note: both fish we ordered were cooked whole, with head on, eye balls intact - so if this makes you squeamy, ask about how your fish is cooked before ordering)  Service was also very nice and friendly.So far, so good! Where things were a little less than perfect were the sides and wine.  Potatoes in a sort of croquette form came with my sea bass and they were rather dry and chewy - as if they were an after thought.  If I remember correctly, veggies came with my partner's sole...but the fact that I don't remember what they were a day later indicates I didn't find them very interesting.  We ordered a bottle of Viognier for about 19 GBP, which was just okay.  My partner was bothered by the fact that it was a screw top - this doesn't bother me at all as I've lived in places where it's more common and I've had some good screw tops.  He's French so probably feels more of a personal affront over the issue.  But, again, if that bothers you and is something that will affect your enjoyment of the meal/wine, check before you order your wine.Overall, this was a good, worthwhile, fun experience and I can't fault the tasty seafood.  If I could give a 3.5, i would - as it's better than just A-OK, but to be a full 4, I'd have to say it's good enough to travel across town for and in this case, I'm not 100% sure it is.  But, it was perfect for us and if you're a seafood fan and aren't bothered with the sides and such, you'll really enjoy the fresh quality, impressive presentation and great preparation.
5	Excellent. We walked in without a reservation last night and were told that there weren't any tables available and that we should try their sister restaurant "The Shore" next door instead. As we walked out of the front door and onto the street, a member of the waitstaff came out of the restaurant and told us that two people had just left if we'd still like a table.We had a bottle of wine at the suggestion of our waitress, which was excellent, we had oysters and langoustine for appetizers, and we both had the king scallops for entrees, and I had the pavlova with berry compote for dessert. Everything we had was perfect. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone. The atmosphere was cozy, the service was incredible and the food was delicious. Will definitely be back, thank you!
3	Going against the grain here and giving them 3 stars. I found this place thanks to a Yelp search, and was really excited with all the 5 star reviews. I'm a seafood fanatic, I can't get sick of eating it. I wouldn't be surprised if I have mercury poisoning. Anywho, we took a bus to Leith specifically to eat lunch here. We arrived right when they opened at noon (we tried not to be the first customers, I hate that). The staff were all welcoming. We had planned to share a couple items, a must for me is oysters, I can't get enough. We ordered a dozen, unknowing they were enormous. No really, enormous. And way too salty. I don't know if this is normal for Scottish oysters, as I'm used to Kumamoto, Kusshi and Fanny Bay Oysters. I'm not a salt lover, and my friend is, she couldn't even eat these. Thankfully the West Coast Mussels made up for the oysters. A couple glasses of Sancerre also helped.
