5	After receiving a car stereo for Christmas I went to Best Buy to try to get it installed. They were too busy to even acknowledge I had walked into the store. I called Freeman's and they were immediately helpful and responsive to my questions. I had the stereo installed within the hour by professionals who even took time to show me how to use the system. The waiting area was quite comfortable as well. They even offer a discount to community service professionals (teachers, police officers, firefighters, etc) I will be going back to have my other car stereo done here!
5	My experience with Freeman's Car Stereo was excellent. The store manager, Robert Yates, was extremly helpful and knowledgable. I had a Pioneer GPS system installed in my Toyota Tacoma. Let me just say that I would recommend these guys to anyone who needs stereo, video, custom or basic work done on their car, truck, boat or home theater system. The installation was done on time and it was done right. I love my new system!
5	I love these guys!Wonderful customer service, great prices, and hard working!My car had a part to go out on it the day I dropped it off (before they pulled it back to be worked on) they did everything in there power to get the part, installed it (free), and finished my remote start & aux.
5	I shipped an amplifier IN PIECES I bought off Ebay on a gamble- an old Fosgate P150 that I got cheap.In pieces- many resistors and diodes simply cut out and in a baggie along with a million other bits and pieces.They got the amp back together, and lo and behold out of the box it was PERFECT.  Frankly, I'm used to playing the back-and-forth game with places that say they fixed it but they didn't.  I honestly thought I might be hosed since the amp was in so many little pieces- I figured they'd either tell me to throw it away or never get it right.These guys have their act together, if you have a dead car audio amp this is the place to ship it to.I live in Las Vegas, NV FYI- other side of the country.  Excellent work.  Amp is in my truck doing what it was meant to do- play music and play music well.
3	Ok, so I've not had a need or desire for a stereo upgrade or A/V upgrade to my vehicle in a long, long time.  I know Freeman's based on the fact they've been in this location for years.  I stopped in to get a radar detector installed and hardwired into my car.  Upon entering I was greeted by friendly service and that was nice but the most critical part of installs is timing and time management.  If you tell me an hour I expect it.  It wasn't horrible but the install took longer than I thought it should have.  I was told an hour but it was about 50% over that.  That's a bad margin in any business.  Oh well, it was installed and I went on my way.
5	Great service for a returning customer!I had them install a DVD system and backup camera for my wife's Sequoia.  They treated me very well and the work was done with a great professional touch.  I highly recommend these guys for all your car electronics needs.
1	Bought a groupon for a remote starter, fine print said some imports require additional harness (maserati, land rover, BMW, porsche).  Apparently Honda was conveniently left of the exotic list, addtional $100.  Starter never worked consistently, doesn't work at all now.  Each visit requires I come back with an appointment, 5 appointments later, still doesn't work.
