2	Rumi is pan-middle eastern restaurant.  I am from Iranian origin, and I couldn't tell what was Iranian on the menu (other than the poet Rumi).  The appetizers are good, the main food is only okay.  If you want real persian food, I wouldn't go here.  If you do want to go here, I'd suggest going heavy on the appetizers with bread, and sharing the chicken dweshy dish.  The salmon was dry, but the mushroom sauce is good, and the lamb dish is reminiscent of a moroccan tagine but not quite the same.
3	I went there last night with friends and thought we were going for Moroccan food.  This food was tasty but I don't think it's traditional.  Still it WAS tasty.  We shared a couple of appies - the baba ghanoush and the wali.  We ordered this with naan bread.  The wali is a dip based on feta cheese and basil that I'd never had anywhere before and I really enjoyed it.  I'm going to try and make it myself.  Then we shared a couple of entrees - the Djaj Meshwy and the Sultan.  The first was a chicken dish with basmati rice and grilled vegetables and the second was a slow cooked lamb dish with basmati rice and squash.  Both were flavourful and washed down well with a bottle of Chateau D'Or et de Gueules from Costieres de Nimes.  We finished with cappuccinos and a Turkish coffee.  My friends didn't like their cappuccino and although my coffee was ok I was expecting to get the little pot of turkish coffee to pour into my little cup and sweeten myself.  The prices were reasonable and the service was pleasant.
4	I went to Rumi last night with a group of friends on a recommendation.  The babagonouche and paprika hommus were wonderful an the lamb shoulder was delicous.  Great atmosphere in a great neighbourhood.  This was a very pleasant and highly recommended experience for anyone visiting Montreal.
4	A lovely space hidden away in a residential neighbourhood, across the street from Mile End's iconic Croissanterie Figaro. Middle-Eastern / North African menu, with an Iranian influence but not traditionally Iranian, slightly Moroccan, but not overly so. Friendly service on a busy night. Really wonderful lamb stew dishes -- so filling, we could have had one between us. Dal soup full of subtle flavour. Traditional Moroccan mint tea. I'd happily go back here over and over, and work my way through the entire menu.
4	People seem to mistake Rumi for a Persian restaurant, or Arabic restaurant or Turkish restaurant or Afghan restaurant or Moroccan restaurant. In reality, it's a mish-mash of all of the above.Run by 2 Jewish brothers who became Sufis (people who practice Sufism, which is a form of Islamic mysticism), Rumi is named after Jalal ad-din Rumi, the medieval Persian poet and father of Sufism, who was born in present day Afghanistan, wrote in Persian and lived and died in present-day Turkey and the restaurant's decor and food is a testament to all these different regional influences as well.The food is delicious, particularly the hibuscus flower drink and the roasted lamb shank with apricots. This is a wonderful place to come to for dinner with a friend or two.
4	I went with Luisa who posted a very detailed description of the food here already.  I want to add that the food and the atmosphere here keep me coming back almost every time I'm in Montreal.  In the summer, you can eat on the corner terrace in this lovely green  neighbourhood just a little outside MIle End.  On a cold winter night, it's as warm and inviting as a persian rug!  The food, as mentioned by others already, is kind of a fusion of North African, Persian, and  Afghani and  I find the flavours and seasonings to be  much more intricate than the more "in your face' spices of, say,  Indian food.  I've had all the lamb dishes they offer, and all are delicious, but the one with apricots is my favourite!  This is a stand-by for me, when visiting Montreal - it never disappoints me.
2	Yeah. Nice but miss. Very flavourful but overpriced for what you get. Left full but not satisfied, you know what I mean? I'd go back if I had to but I wouldn't really recommend it. If I want really good Iranian/Lebanese/Jewish/Mystical Islamic food or whatever it is, I'll keep looking.
2	Went here for a girls' night once. There wasn't anything particularly bad about the place (it's cute), and the service is on par. But the general consensus at the end of the night was a 'meh' all around. There was nothing that stood out for us enough to warrant the price of the menu. I honestly can't even remember what I ate there, aside that the meat was on the dry side.
4	Good food!  Great Ambiance!  Usually service is top! stuff is very helpful and turnoever rate is very low meaning the stuff likes to work there!
4	Had a wonderful dinner at this resturant two nights ago. The service was very good, and our most attractive server very helpful with suggestion. We sat outside with lots of other people, a very cozy neighborhood atmosphere. I  had the best soft drink of my life, "iced mint lemonade" unbelively good, lots of crushed ice, and vibrant, fragrant mint cut up very fine and of course the lemonade. Served in a attractive tall jar.We had a rio of mezes, babaganoush, fresh cheese, olive oil, and spices and a new one on me Sunna squash with a dash of maple syrup and hot paprika, very good. And of course nanan. We,then had oven roasted leg of,lamb covered with spics and a thick tomato sauce, grilled vegetables and basmati rice executed perfectly. Worth a try if you like middle eastern food.
3	Used to be much better. They used to have an elaborate version of persian rice with orange zest and nuts that is not served with their signature dishes anymore. I bragged about it and took some friends there; quite a disappointment. :-(
1	This not Turkish, not Indian, not Persian. Something strange. Waste of money and time.
2	Lovely place, many dishes from all over Asia and Africa. Tasty but portions are ridiculously small. We thought it was a joke.     The flavour is there, the presentation is there , the ambiance is lovely . Our waitress was clueless and indifferent. Would not recommend it as portions are too small fir your paying. There are many better restaurant in the area.
3	I'd like to say something about the food but can't. Last time I was there, we were sat at a table and then ignored for 15 minutes - and then we left.I marked it 3 stars because it's what they're already ranked at now and I don't want to actually damage their ranking. Like I said, I haven't had the food, so it would be ignorant to give it any kind of star ranking - maybe the food is actually good; I would have loved to have found out, but again - *ignored* by wait staff for 15 minutes.
2	Vert very bad value for moneyDifficult to find something to really say about this restaurant, the food is your typical Lebanese food, ranging from good to ok Unfortunately when we were there we could not order the hot plates and had to settle for cold and hot mezze Humous was pretty blend the rest was ok / good but not exceptionalStrangely if you order Humous, babaganoush or other spreads you don t get bred with it. You have to order it and pay for it and they don t even have Lebanese bred and only nan This is my main problem with this restaurant is that they are taking you for a ride: order cold mezze you have to pay for bred, order $17 hot mezze you get 4 small ones poorly presented with nothing special All in all $70 for 2 no alcohol just tea for an average experience if not below average ... I let you judge but I m never coming back
