4	So I work as a merchandiser and  I dislike WalMart from a consumer point of view. Of course the karma Gods of merchandising assigned me to a WalMart account (not this one, another one). I only buy something at WalMart because I was already there servicing my account but I'm not one to plan to come to shop for groceries or household needs unless it's late at night since that's all there is. Why am I giving 4 stars to a place that I generally dislike? This store is the only WalMart to have random clearance blowouts for $1 for their clothing items.  This is the account my mother in law is assigned to and she happened to be there finishing up her account when she saw them wheel out the racks. She got 8 items for me for $8. I have to admit that the dresses are actually pretty cute! They have OP clothing which is just comfortable beachy wear and grabbed me 4 of their summer dresses. She got these tanks that are pretty decent and  I can be happy to have tanks I can use for my dirty work and not ruin nicer  outfit worthy ones.Really for $1 and it being Wal Mart I was expecting it to be a hodge podge of their leftover, terrible design ideas- old lady designs. OP, Susie Rose, Miley/Max Azria stuff isn't bad. I wouldn't go out of my way to shop these brands, but for hella clearance, hey, I'll take a look. So there a little WalMart secret- this is the only one that announces out the $1. Some of the others mark them down at the register but dont announce it. Some don't do it at all. It's kinda at random though, I don't think there's a scheduled time and date it happens except it seems like it's on Fridays. Added a pic of one of the $1 dresses.
4	Almost always what you need, always at a lower price from my experience. I visit out of personal preference and necessity. I go here like also because like a big online shopping site says, to do more with less. This place lets me do that. When I need to go to the store, it is usually later in the day, when other stores are closed. I am a person of Walmart and thanks to them, I've saved thousands of dollars of the years in merchandise and food that I need.
3	Pretty much the standard Walmart setup.  This is a newer, cleaner store than some around the area.  It's generally out of my way, so I'm not here much.  I was coming home along the 215 and I decided to so some shopping here.  Enough said!
2	Is it me or does this place just never seem to be stocked in anything that you are truly looking for?  I just cant go here any more out of sheer disappointment in my past attempts to locate something i need....   The service here, I found lacking compared to the wal mart alternatives in the area....  If you live in the southwest, I would recommend to hit the one on Ft. Apache and Trop.... they seem to have better things going on over there...
3	Wal-mart......hmphhhI am just not a fan of wal-mart, it's just ok. For things I need, it's a solid place to go, but I hate being in this store. It's a hot spot for people I don't like to be around honestly. I won't go into details however for politically correct reasons :) Not that I really care what people think. But we don't need to go down that road.We went to get some stuff for a bbq dinner at our place with some friends, as we were in the rainbow/215 area and meats are usually pretty decent and cheaper than smiths or albertsons. We got some ribs for bbq'ing and a sack of potatoes and a huge bag of hot dogs and buns. Price was really low for what we got, but that's why wal-mart is such a huge company, low price and high volume of sales at a very lower up-charge = huge profits.It got the job done, but I try to avoid this place like the plague haha :)3 stars. I guess.
5	You never know how amazing Super Walmart is until you have to live somewhere for 5 years where there is not one.  ONE STOP shopping.  Prices are unbeatable and if you were to find an advertised price, just bring the ad in and they match it anyway.  This location is 5 minutes from our house and I swear we are here 4-5 times a week.  The people are always friendly and helpful.  The customer service counter is always quick and even if there is a line of 6 people or more, it goes really fast.  The only area I give them room for improvement is more check stands open but I understand that labor is the biggest expense for any company.  That said, I would rather wait an extra 5 minutes to check out and have them keep the prices low than pay more for an additional cashier or two.
4	Meh, its Walmart. My bf likes going here, he like has wet dreams over this store... I told him just to work here because we go like once a week! Its all the same to me, all I usually go to buy is TP because I like support the non jerks to their employee type of store.Its nice if you wanna just go to one place and like older produce and not fresh meat!
4	Walmart is nice for one stop shopping.  I just can't come here for one thing and actually leave with that one item only.  Prices are competitive.  They do price matching so just bring in the ad and they'll take care of you.  Plenty of parking is available.  Customer service is admissible.  They're open 24/7.  Two things that I dislike about Walmart: 1.  Poor quality produce2.  Not enough registers are ever open (they have 30 registers and usually only 5 are open...sure wish they had that 3's a crowd policy)
4	Wow- I come here about 3-4 times a week. Yes I love wally world. As usually I came for one thing and leave with a cart full. The only issue is when it comes to hygiene products the shelves are always out of it, and then I have to send for a employee to check the back.
4	I like this shopping complex quite a bit. It is a good place to come and do a variety of different errands. They have clothing shops, household goods, Sam's, and Walmart.  My friends live close by so we end up coming here often to get last minute items for holiday parties. They are well stocked and it is not as nightmarish as other locations.  It is best to go later in the evening to avoid the crowds, but I will not be gouging out my own eyes anytime soon. Even with the high volumes that they have coming through, they keep the facility clean.
5	This is the cleanest, friendliest, most organized Wal-Mart I have ever been to.  The store has to be in the best/biggest shopping plaza in Vegas.  The store is super clean and very energy efficient.
4	This is my neighborhood Walmart. I come here pretty regularly for grocery and home items as well as for the random odd or end that I need. It's relatively clean and they usually have a fair amount of registers open to keep the lines moving, even at holiday times.
4	Well, there's not much you can really say about that other Yelpers haven't said. If you want to major grocery shopping come in early morning before 10am or late night after 9pm, to avoid the chaos of the parking lot and shoppers inside. I still don't understand how they have all those check out aisles and only 3 or 4 are open and the 20 or less items aisles are backed up like a public restroom toilet. I do have to give them kudos because every time I have asked an associate a question they have been very polite and directed me in the right location. No matter how much of a hassle it is to shop here, we all love a bargain and who can beat the prices of them of their items? My suggestion is just buy the items you use a lot in bulk so you don't have to come here often, otherwise Walmart has made you their slave.
4	I know what I'm in for when I go to Walmart. I try to never go on the weekend or on/around holidays if I can help it.This Walmart is my neighborhood so it's convenient. I also feel like it's a bit nicer than most of the others around town, maybe because it's so new.I hardly ever buy meat, fruit, or veggies here, the quality is just not that great. I stock on everything else though...I can't complain about the prices. Sometimes there are free samples to be had, and coupons!Most of the staff is friendly and efficient, you'll occasionally get a slow checker, so be patient. Or I need a price check on this box of condoms....so you wait. The staff that works in the sporting area/register is always friendly and very helpful.Redbox in the front. McD's too if you like...never touch the stuff myself. You can even get your nails done here too.It's usually clean, even the bathrooms aren't bad.
2	The people are not helpful on the phone, empoyees are great management sucks and who ever is working the phones needs to work on their customer service skills
5	I love this place I get off of work at 1am where else can you get food,clothes,batteries etc.... At that hour !!!!!
4	I do my best to avoid Wal-marts and their ensuing crowds of freaks but when money is tight and or I don't need fresh meat/fruit or vegetables I do like to come here as they do offer some cheap(less expensive) products. The trick is to make a list; but on a pair of blinders and don't look around inside the store.  (I always fall victim to the DVD bins) You want to make a budget, a list and as long as you stay to the list you will leave with some coin in your pocket.
3	It's Walmart. At least it's cleaner than the one on Ft. Apache and Tropicana.
4	OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY! We were there really late and everybody was busy restocking merchandise. They were really helpful when we had questions about the electronics. I can imagine they were really busy on Black Friday.
4	Rather than focusing on why Walmart in general is amazing/horrible, I'll explain what makes this Walmart different from the other ones closeby.This Walmart is in a newer shopping complex, so it feels newer and cleaner. The clientele aren't as ghetto or trashy. It's the closest location to my house, but you don't care about that. However, the location is great because it's right off the Rainbow/215 exit. A negative is that It doesn't have self checkout stations like the Serene location.
4	of all the walmarts, this is probably one of the nicest ones. even at odd hours of the night you never see weird people like you see on www.peopleofwalmart.com i usually come here to buy my pistol ammo. the guy in the sports section is always nice and friendly. none of the employees ever give me attitude or act ghetto like some of the other walmarts. they have loose crane games which i play and win often.
4	Very nice Walmart! When I went to Vegas, I stayed at my cousin's house and did all the home, food and alcohol shopping here. It's huge like any other Walmart, but it's not as busy as the others I have seen.
1	Be careful when purchasing dairy products - people return them and they are left in the cart and not put back on the shelves right away.  I also recently purchased Dryers ice cream and it was eaten when I came home and opened it.  DISGUSTING and VERY DANGEROUS!  Health Department needs to crack down these behaviors.    Walmart, please change your work ethics before someone gets seriously ill.
4	Love grocery shopping here because of the prices. If you are looking for unique foods or short checkout lines then I would go to Trader Joes, Smiths or Albertsons. I wish they would get self checkouts so I didn't have to stand in the long lines. I went shopping there yesterday and got the new Haagen-Daz  gelato ice cream in the sea salt caramel flavor. I highly recommend this new item!
5	this store has everything low price
2	What a disaster how this Wal-Mart is run. Out of stock, out dated food products and never enough check out lanes open!
4	What can I say. Its Wal Mart. One of the cleaner ones, but all the same. Come in for one thing, leave with a lot of things, besides what you actually came for. Customer pick up is a bit lacking, its like they take the people who really aren't good with people, and put em in the back for online order pick up. If you order online, prepare yourself.
2	If time is money then you save nothing by coming here. Saturday night, 10pm. The first mistake is being here Saturday night at 10pm. But you figure, where else can I get cheap supplies? (and to be honest during peak hours they understaff the registers then too -- in fact the 30 registers are not for people to work rather they are a science experiment to see how long it takes you to get upset standing, waiting, and dreaming of other people working those empty registers so you can go about your day)Now, back to Saturday . . . It took over 45 minutes to move through the line. I know Walmart moves to their own beat, but 45 minutes? Three registers open, each with 10-12 people in line. At the return counter there are three employees standing there ready to take your returns. Would it be possible for said persons to maybe come to the front and scan items allowing the customer to hand over cash and move through the line faster? It is possible, but let's be honest what if there is a mad rush of people who want to return items at 10pm at night on a Saturday night? One must be prepared. The advantage to Walmart is low-prices on inventory. The disadvantage to Walmart is customer service. So at least know what you're getting into before you visit them. Probably the best thing to do is go to amazon.com and order your supplies in advance. Amazon offers competitive prices, free shipping, and what about the wait? Well two things: first would you rather die a natural death waiting for your supplies in the comfort of your own home or standing in line looking at the latest tabloids while your feet cramp and the cashier runs a price-check?
5	It's THE WAL-MART!! Lol.  I have been going here since I was a kid.  Always have great experience.  Service is always good, more product selections compare to others.  Most product price are better compare to others.
3	I don't like walking around aimlessly attempting to find the fabric section for 10 minutes only to get a customer service representative say " oh let me show you where it's at!" We arrive at the do it yourself section and the gentleman there says... "We don't have a fabric section!" Thanks for wasting my time...
1	Cheap products, horrible service!So I did an one hour photo online at 7:30 am hoping to pick it up after work around 6:30 pm. That's more than enough time for them to get it ready. Plus it was 100+ prints. I get an email saying that it will be delayed so I called Walmart to get an ETA of fixation. They said they don't know when it'll be ready, so I asked if I can go to a different Walmart and if they could just cancel it. They put me on hold to figure out if I can do that. I was on hold for 20 minutes and I just hung up. Nobody got time for that!By 4:30 p.m. I got an email from Walmart saying it should be ready then. I called them (took a while, I kept going to the operator and electronics department) and told me that it should be ready by 6:30 p.m.Got there, went through my pictures and only half were printed. They printed it twice and not all of my 100+ prints were printed! The third try was some what of a success. I was there from 6:30 until 8:15ish. I had to pay for the my prints even though they messed up big time and made me wait more than an hour.Called Walmart again to make a complaint, the operator puts me on hold and the phone rings and rings and rings. Then the same operator picks up again, then puts me on hold and rings and rings. This happened 3 times!Bottom line: I hate Walmart. For the cheap products you pay for, expect to get no service
1	I live at Jones/Robindale and I still travel to the Wal-Mart on Tropicana/Fort Apache, just so that I don't have to visit this sorry excuse for a location.If you take out the fact that they have the worst customer service and that their produce is always bad, I wouldn't go back just for the simple fact that they DON'T AIR CONDITION THIS STORE.I was at the checkout line and commented to the cashier that the store seemed unusually hot.  That cashier informed me that they didn't turn on the air conditioning system in that store, but rather employed a series of swamp coolers, instead, to keep costs down.  This is a multi-billion dollar company and they can't afford to keep the air conditioner turned on so their customers are comfortable as they shop?!  If this were any other town, that might make sense, but this is LAS VEGAS.  We're in the middle of a desert!I suggest anybody that still wants to shop at Wal-Mart avoid this location at all costs...those costs being what it would take to turn the thermostat on.
5	Please focus your reviews on the individual store instead of Wal Mart as a whole...we all know Wal Mart sucks overall, but this one's different.  I have been to Wally's all over the country (and once in Canada), and this is one of the nicest one's I've been in by far! Clean store, friendly staff, and nice location.
1	I purchased my wedding cake here & it was beautiful.  The service sucked!  The girl " Shayla or Shayleen that is pregnant in the Bakery couldn't be more RUDE.  I asked if I could have a filling in the cake because I noticed that it was an option that I was NOT offered. They had lemon and raspberry and vanilla cream.  When I asked her she said "That's too much work we already rang it up and that would change everything including the cost and it's going to take a while to re-ring it up in the computer." Are you serious?! Then they said I can pay half now and half upon pick up and so I paid and as soon as I pulled into the drive way the same girl called me and said you needed to bring your receipt to the bakery counter to prove you paid for half otherwise we won't start making the cake for you and will cancel the order. I said oh, ok no one told me that I needed to go back to the bakery otherwise I would have, I'll be back in little while then.  Her response was "I clearly told you to come back"  Who acts like this?! Pregnant or not if you don't want to work then don't keep your bad attitude at home please.
1	I HATE WALMART!!! I vow to never shop there again! I went online looking for Sylvia Days Trilogy and found that walmart had  a great price for the box set. Anyway I went into the store and it was priced $5 higher than the online price there.. confused I went to the counter and told them. She called the manager and she said that they can not compete with themselves so no price matching! WHAT??? confused I looked it up again online and it does not say ONLINE price anywhere... long story short they were rude telling me their company policy.. I wasted my gas going to the store to pick up books they advertise on their website at a different price.. isn't that false advertising? Anyway I found the same book at barnes and nobles for the same price walmart was advertising and it says in bold ONLINE only with free shipping! WALMART get your crap together!!!
4	Everything's good... Has never struck me as dirty or ghetto. Except one time I saw an empty Equate Pregnancy Test box that had been torn open. New carts would be like diving into a perfect ocean.. or at least clean off some of the hair that's caught around every single wheel, making it harder to turn or push. They always have terrible alignment. Also can something be done about the static electricity? I get shocked whenever I touch anything in the store, metal or not.A lot of time cashiers complain about not taking their breaks.. Probably 7 times out of 10 I get to the register and the cashier starts yelling to their nearest coworker that they still haven't taken their break yet. Would be cool if they restocked throughout the night.. if you go really early in the morning a lot of things might not be stocked yet. On the other hand 5-9pm and weekends are crazy crowded with families and it will take twice as long as usual to get shopping done. Also I've learned to check out the cashier before I get in line if I'm buying alcohol.. if the cashier isn't 21 yet they'll have to get someone else to ring it up for you, which can end up taking awhile if no one is available.
3	Before moving to Las Vegas I was a loyal Food 4 Less shopper. It was close to where I use to live and I only shopped at Walmart for laundry detergent and soap. However, since moving here Walmart is the closest and I do most if not all of my shopping here. Time and $ saver!This store is sometimes out of what I need but when they are I just go down to the other Walmart on Fort Apache.
3	Walmart, Walmart, Walmart, what is there to say about you?Of course Walmart is always going to get publicity of it being evil because of it being a big corporation with cheap prices and all that other stuff, but let's just talk about this store in particular.I found this store to be quite clean. This is the go-to Walmart near my house and i like coming here to buy my groceries. Everything is organized and I always see workers stocking things, upkeeping things, and I really like that. Some of the things that did bother me were the cashiers at the self-service line. Sometimes they aren't very helpful and can be a little rude. I go to the self-service lines to get away from the rudeness of cashiers, but when the machine stops working for some reason and I have to go ask them to help me out, they sometimes give me attitude and are rude to me. That, I do not like, but hey, what can you do about that? This is a superstore branch and so they have groceries and goods. All of your needs from toothpaste, to pans, to car supplies, toys, they're all there. Their groceries have a wide selection of things to choose from, but some items they might not have variety, but they do have a wide variety in many things they carry in the store.If you want a Walmart to go to, I would recommend this one if it is the closest by your house. You will be able to get whatever you may be seeking and usually at a cheaper price than other grocery stores, unless those other places have sales. Walmart may be evil, but when Walmart sells the cheapest things, we can't complain about evil.
4	Came to this Walmart today and loved it, they have a full stocked variety of stuff at least compared to the Walmart I usually go to on Ft. Apache. I went to several party supply stores to find Doc McStuffins theme supplies and if I would have known,  I definitely would of came here first because they have a variety of her items and IN STOCK!
1	I been going to this Walmart for the pass six years. I am sick and tired that this Walmart never has anything in stock and is messy! I can drive an extra 10 minutes to the one located at Ft Apache and W.Tropicana Ave and they have everything in stock and it's organized. I'm done with this place!!
5	When it comes to Walmart, this is a go-to business for a majority of household items.This particular location is one of my top two favorites of the many stores in this town.Located in a safe part of town, this is the location I feel the most comfortable going to during any & all hours of the day and night.
1	This review is for Walmart.com pick up which is located in the back of the store where layaways are. It literally took 1 1/2 to pick up my online purchases. First of all, they only have one register and I felt bad for the people behind me. I picked up a total of 6 items. One order in particular was a futon plus the matching lounger which were two separate items. I advised Jennifer who was working the area that I should have two separate boxes. She tells me that both should be in the box. I advised her that on the box it only states a futon and it clearly shows just the picture of the futon. She kept insisting that both should be in there. I went home and opened it up and there was only ONE item! The funny thing is that when she brought my items out, she counted the items and softly mumbled to herself on why there were only 5 items when it should have been 6. So she pretty much knew that I was missing a box. I seriously didn't wanna waste any more time so I just took her word that I had everything. I was already frustrated with being there for so long and wanted to get out of the store.I'll still shop there but I'll probably have my online purchases picked up somewhere else.
5	I've shopped at the location on Fort Apache, it's confusing, and I hate the way the parking lot is set up. Not to mention there tend to be more problems at that store. Police & such. This location has security that does a heck of a job keeping shoppers safe. I always see them circling the lot.I do most of my grocery shopping here because I know the milk lasts 2 weeks rather than a week. I hate wasting money on milk & it expires before we finish it.  I don't care for the meat dept because some of the folks are careless. ALWAYS check the expiration dates!  We were almost served expired meats. We told the woman the product in her hands were expired.. We weren't happy that one of us could of been sick.  We were having cold cut sandwiches that night for dinner...We still come here after that slight mishap. Still a solid 5 because when I need something at 2am I know they're 6 minutes away. The night staff knows us pretty dang well.  One night my bf was mistaken for the new Lost Provention guy. LolAs for everybody that gives this place bad reviews I totally understand you're frustration.  It's all typical Walmart carelessness, that keeps the shoppers on their toes. Haha. I just brush off the small things (sloppy aisles, rude employees).  I know if I come here they normally have it in stock, there's always self check & be thankful there are less troublesome folks shopping here.  I feel safe shipping here that's my main concern anywhere.
1	This particular location always makes me hate it a little more each time. Today it was the 45 min wait for an associate to go to sporting goods. Other times it has been the lack of prices on certain items or the disarray in almost every aisle. Hire more people! I rarely go to Walmart but if I do this is the location I choose because of how close it is to me and that is the only reason why.
3	Walmart is always a cheap place to shop! People are always debating between here or winco when they are running low on the dollar signs. this Walmart is located in the middle of a huge shopping center. it's busy in the parking lot is hell, but people like to shop here because it's convenient. it is a bit unorganized inside, but not unlike a regular Walmart. very often, deals are going on, you just have to peel your eyes for them. this store is all about convenience and they still uphold that, messy or not!
3	Been to plenty Walmarts and i guess this is one of the cleaner ones. Customer service is average and lines are normally short.
2	Dude, while I was shopping for snacks so many things were past the expiration or "best before" dates. I bouht two swedish fish bags but thought it said jun 2014 but actually said jan 2014. I called the company and they issued me a refund but come on...
5	One of the cleanest Wal-Mart's in Las Vegas Hands down. This is based on the fact that all Wal-Mart's are overcrowded, have crappy service, and dirty.  So based on that set of standards and that all Wal-Mart's have a lot to be desired for. This one gets 5 stars based on that it is the best in Vegas in my opinion..
2	I go to this Walmart when absolutely necessary to stock up on pantry items, canned food, some deli/bakery items, diapers and certain dairy products.I give it a 2 star, because if it were not for the good prices on canned goods, packaged goods like ketchup or dressings, and their inexpensive half & half, reasonable diapers, then I WOULD NOT go. Part of the bad experience is the terrible produce at even worse prices. $0.68 PER orange, hmmm. There are little fruit flies buzzing around. Not friendly shopping. Now, I can see they are making changes in their quality of produce, it is improving. I am loyal to my favorite local groceries Glaziers, Sprouts & Costco in value, so won't use Walmart for my main produce shopping.I can say the service the last time I went, last week, was MUCH improved and friendlier. I was pleasantly surprised, even shocked, at how nice and helpful the staff were that day. That said, I received my worst customer service experience to date at their bakery.Now, about this customer service experience. During last month's stock up trip- I try to go in the evening on Fridays- before they are picked over but most people are home or out and about on Friday nights, so it's less of a struggle dealing with the unusually high amount of rude shoppers that seem to be present in Walmart. What is up with that, anyway? No manners to be found at Walmart. This day, the bakery was out of sliced sesame bread. We picked up a loaf and waited at the bakery counter for someone to acknowledge us (we wanted to ask them to slice the bread in their machine.) The lady appeared preoccupied for probably 10 minutes, though we could see that she saw us standing there, just never said four simple words, "May I help you?"At this point, my boyfriend and I were kind of giggling, finding it funny how hard she was trying to ignore us, yet a little annoyed that we had to wait for 10 minutes with no line in front,of us. Finally, she said, "What do you want?" SHOCK. I couldn't believe she addressed us like that. We explained quickly and as politely as possible in the circumstance, that we would like to get our loaf sliced, if possible.l she had a spray bottle in her hand because she'd been cleaning surfaces. She sprayed the bread machine with the bottle of liquid, looked back at us and said. "It's wet."Uhhh...well, yes it was now wet because after we had asked, she sprayed it. She purposely ensured that she in fact, could NOT help us. Okay, I'll play her game, I thought. In my sweetest calm voice, I said "Okay, well, we are really in no rush....we'll just come back around after shopping." Her reply? It takes a long time to dry, it'll still be wet then, too." Hmmm... Quite the clairvoyant one she was. Funny, all this over something that normally takes them less than 2 minutes.It's easy to,create a wonderful customer experience in two minutes, it's even easier to ruin one in 2 minutes...the difference? A bad customer experience will linger and have a much farther reach...in spades...than a good one. I always make a point to tell people when I've had great service somewhere, and but I've only had offensive experience a couple of times. This was one of them. To end on a positive, the bakery items are good. I just love their fresh sesame bread, french loaves, and everything bread. The quality of their bakery items assisted in bumping them up to a 2 star, as well, and at $1.28 you just can't beat that! Hope they continue to work on that service.
1	Horrible customer service! The cashier that just opened her register didn't take the next person in line, she took the person at the end of the line? What's really going in with that?
1	Walmart is cool and all but customer service here sucks. Just needed help with electronics and couldn't find any.
1	At night they only have the self check open.  Several times I have had to walk around looking for an employee because multiple check stands were having issues (age verification,  security tag needed removal) and no one could be bothered to be there.  Hire checkers!  Have a lane or two open at night.Daytime used to be just as bad with lines 5 or 6 people deep at every open register. But I stopped shopping there during the day because there are better places to shop, unfortunately they aren't 24 hours.I get that Wal-Mart is cheap, but hire more employees.  We have gone from daily shoppers, to weekly shoppers,  to please why are you punishing me and making me go to Wal-Mart shoppers.They got one star because I was forced to give them something.
4	check out is always good very nice and friendly everyone knows where everything is but its walmart I go morning for no lines lol
4	Ugh. How did I manage to spend $222.00 are Walmart. Grrrr okay. I did buy my puppies a lot of stuff and I did purchase 56 items as my recipient says.  Lol. But overall it's cheaper then some of the other stores.
1	Fucking sucks
1	I'm still pissed off that wal-marts tackiness. How they have items on display that are discontinued when you go to buy them. Really?! I was at the register and I mentioned my job and she said can you hook me up and made me give her my phone #. And said she was going home to apply for my job. It was creepy.
3	Wanted to purchase a $100 watch at 10:30pm. They said they couldn't get into the watches after 10p. I still like this walmart though.
