5	This barber shop is awesome my son is 8 years old and always looks great.  Manny is usually the one that cuts his hair but we have tried the others and there just as good. Very clean place.
5	By far one of the best places in Vegas to get a proper fade/taper! All the guys here are awesome..but when in doubt u can never go wrong with Manny or Noe!
5	Done searching for a great shop that reminds me of L.A. This is the spot to come and get your cut!
5	My son and I got a fresh haircut from Brian Gunz (barber) and it was exactly what we both wanted!! Brian does some very clean fades!!
5	Quality fades by great barbers.  My first visit was satisfied.  Lived up to its reviews
5	My first time coming to this shop. I got here right at 9:00 hoping to beat the lines but there were already customers gettings cuts and a handful more waiting.I was glad to see they wlcomed walk-ins, as some shops are by appt. Only. I was a bit concerned, most of the barbers here are latino and I am of mixed race and my hair can be difficult to cut. I only waited 15 minutes before carlos called me to his chair, he understood what I wanted and got right to work. To my suprise he had no problems with my hair and was done in no time. My taper is even, my line up is clean, I couldnt be happier. This shop is the place to go for people of all hair types, I may even become a regular*added note- the music here is pretty good too
5	I started coming here after trying to find a new barber for ever, a good one at that. I searched around and called up joes and Noe answered, I told him what kind of cut I was looking for he said he could do it and told me to come and ask for him. I did just that. As Soon as I came in the vibe was great. They got good music bumpin and the place is covered with sports memorabilia and TVs. They're all laughing and joking with each other it's a great atmosphere. Most of the barbers here are Latinos, they were very welcoming. Most barber shops if you haven't been to them before are intimidating but these guys treat their clients with respect. Noe did a great job but he was absent for a couple months after I got my first cut. So I went to Pablo who at the time was the new guy. But I've been going to him for a good 3+ months now and he's great. He knows what I want and he's consistent and takes his time for a QUALITY cut.Any of the guys in here can cut doesn't matter who you go to you will be in good hands. They have very reasonable prices too, check this place out you will not regret it!
5	If you want to get a cut by THE BEST barber in town, make sure you see Brian Gunz! He never disappoints and always uses the best hair products on his clients. Pick up a bottle of the best pomade you will ever find, Classic Hairitage!
2	Just paid $20 for an $11 dollar haircut and had to hear the "f" word more than I do on my jobsite (construction)
5	My previous experiences with barbershops were always the same. You would wait hours to get into the barber chair, only the barber does more chit chatting than cutting your hair. I had enough. I saw this shop on Yelp had great reviews and decided to check it out. Couldn't have been a better experience. Haircut was fast, cheap, and exactly what I wanted. That was over three years ago, and this is still the only barber shop I get my haircut at. I notice that most folks tend to stick with barbers of their own nationality. As an African American male, I can say these guys definitely know their trade. Over the years I have probably had my hair cut with every barber in the shop. Whenever I arrive, I immediately sign up on the sheet with "Any" for the preferred barber. 90% of the visits have me heading out with a fresh cut within half an hour. These days I now live in Southwest Las Vegas, but still find myself driving to this Eastside spot for a haircut. Never have any complaints. Staff are great, the music is chill, and the prices are cheap. Highly recommended.
5	Came in for my 1st time to see what the Fuzz was about and I got to say they are All really good barbers There all good,any one of them are Talented You'll be in good hands with anybody in there, I got to say this is going to be my Barber shop from now on (satisfied)
5	WHAT A RELIEF!! Just moved out here from LA ..needed a new barber and instead of hopping from barber to barber risking getting my hair messed up, I trusted Yelp with helping me find a decent barber. Let me just say I'm glad I did, after reading the reviews of this place. I came in early (around 10 on a Tuesday) signed in and though there were already a few customers already there, there still was no wait. My barber was cool and struck up a chill conversation so it wasn't awkward silence the whole time and to my "surprise" despite how picky I am he cut my hair spot on! Definitely coming back again!
5	Nice barbershop I don't have much hair so all I can really review is service. The service was great walked in place was full I thought I'd have to wait. As soon as I sat down a barber called my name. I just get a 00 buzz cut most places I go to just rush & chop my barber took his time and did a neat job & he was also polite. While there I heard some Kanye, Immortal technique & banda so the music was good. From what I could tell everyone else who was getting a hair cut looked like they got nice cuts and I saw some good fades. Next time I come I'll do a Hot Shave I didnt have time today cause I was on lunch but next time I'll come after work. The one thing I did notice is the pricing on yelp might be dated buzz cut is listed at $9 I paid $11 not a deal breaker just wanted to let those of you coming in with exact change know whats up. Overall great place. I wish them much success.
5	Moved here from Houston been coming to this barber shop for past 6 months. Def IMO the best barbershop in Vegas. good quality work good music good people.  I'd used to come on weekends and its a little bit of a wait if you walk-in ,so I suggest calling ahead of time, but my schedule changed so I come in during weekdays now and the wait isn't too long
5	Amazing barber shop! The work they put in is worth the money. It doesn't matter what barber you get if it's your first time, because they all know what their doing.
5	Was in need of a serious hair cut and beard trim and my brother recommend that I go here , Freddie was the barber who cut my hair and everything came out clean ! great service , great vibe, definitely will be coming back to this barber shop , would really recommend to anyone , these guys know what they are doing !
