4	For being a Japanese-style "grill", Yogis is pretty good. There are several 'bowls' available including a Chicken Katsu and many beef flavored inspirations. Yogis rice bowls are offered in brown or white rice. You can add a popular spicy sauce that really adds a kick. Definitely a good eat for lunch.The employees are very friendly and Michelle loves to smile. Yogis can customize orders to make them vegetarian or add a different sauce or ingredient. There is a pump for teriyaki sauce for those of you that like extra.Yogis sits near a competing restaurant but they always seem busy during lunch. There is limited outside seating but plenty of seating inside. The tables and dispensers for food and condiments are kept neat and clean.
5	I love this joint. The teriyaki chicken plate/bowl is superb. Prices are a tad high for a fast food-type format, but they deliver with HUGE portions of good food. They even have a teriyaki tap near the utensils for those of us who want to add a bit more.. cool. I've also tried & like the yakisoba noodles, and I've heard good reviews on the sushi items from friends. Good stuff, highly recommended.
3	Last night, we decided to finally try Yogis after driving by it for months. It was worth the stop, but not the best meal I've had. I'd say it's 3.5 stars and I'm willing to give it a second chance in the future.They have a good menu with lots of different options to please everyone from the carnivore to the vegetarian. Several different rice bowls and a few combination plates that looked promising, as well as a sushi menu.I had the yaki soba and my wife ordered a chicken rice bowl with the spicy sauce. We also tried a couple of sushi rolls and the gyoza appetizer.The rice bowls are definitely their best offering while the yaki soba was adequate. Pass on the sushi and the gyoza; there are several places in the area that do a much better job and at an average price of $9 for a roll, you aren't saving any money here.I'd say Yogis is similar to Samurai Sam's but with a better menu selection. Go for the rice bowls, but don't bother with anything else.
3	Sizes are big. A bit pricey. Food tasty
5	There really arn't any other teriyaki places around that can compete with Yogis plus the food is pretty dang good. Hence the 5 stars. My favorite thing to get is the regular Arizona bowl. It has crabmeat, cucumber, avocado, teriyaki sauce, and rice so its pretty light but filling. Ive also tried their chicken teriyaki (large) and it was good but the large is fricken HUGE! Their yakisoba is pretty good and so are their pork gyoza. Though I have never tried it, I have heard that the spicy teriyaki sauce is great. I like the fact that when you eat there, you can get as much teriyaki sauce from the dispenser as you want. The prices are not bad for the amount of food you get.
4	Yogis Grill is one of my regular lunchtime stops - I am a huge fan of this place. Unless you visit them during the peak of the lunch rush, the service here is usually pretty fast and the serving staff here are very friendly.The food here is great and their prices are very reasonable considering the portions you are given. They run lunch specials that also include a drink along with one of their Teriyaki bowls.I have two favorites here - the regular chicken (A) or the chicken & beef (C). I usually like to order mine "spicy" style for a little extra kick. For an additional 99 cents you can "GO LARGE", which is quite a bit of food to put down for lunch.Aside from the Teriyaki bowls, they also have salads, tempura plates and a pretty extensive selection of sushi rolls to choose from. The spicy tuna roll and standard-issue California rolls here are both very good.Most of their locations in town reside in the east valley, but they do have a location in Phoenix at Camelback & 16th. Give them a try!
4	I have no regrets with this place! Customer service was great :] YAY! When I go places to eat out, I always expect good customer service! The food was great! and the price range :] I recommend this place to anyone who loves sushi or Japanese food.
1	To put it simply, calling this Japanese is insulting. It is a teriyaki place and they don't get that right. Corn syrup and sugar is not teriyaki sorry but no thanks. Also the staff is unfriendly and would rather stare at their cell phones then say hello. Won't be back.
4	This is a great place to take out.  They flat out have the best teriyaki chicken bowl in town.  Always consistent.  And they have sushi also - it is great!  I get the teriyaki chicken bowl and edamami to go all the time.  Call in and it is ready in 10 minutes.  Try it, you will enjoy it for sure.
5	Awesome food! Very helpful and pleasant staff. Always fresh and delicious DUDE! Great place for take out food. Convenient place with their own parking spots. They are accepting orders by phone, and have great lunch specials. My favorite is their chicken teriyaki bowl. Don't forget to get loyalty card, one free meal with purchase of 10.
1	I love the food at Yogis, great taste at a good value.  I've been to this location twice and had bad service both times. The young girl that works the counter seemed very annoyed that I stopped in, no greeting, no thank you, just a sigh and role of her eyes.I now drive a little farther to the Chandler Blvd & Kyrene location to get my Yogis fix.
3	I had the small teriyaki chicken bowl and the little guava Hawaiin drink as usual. The food was pretty good but the service was slow.
5	The best quick teriyaki bowls that I've had in the area. I always order ahead so I don't have t
5	I have been eating here for about 3 years now. Best teriyaki bowl by far and the teriyaki sauce is really good. I have tried other things on the menu, but I come here for the bowls, I go 50/50 half beef and chicken.
4	Fast food Japanese! It's a much healthier fast food choice. I really like the chicken/beef teriyaki veggie bowl. The regular size is a fairly large portion and reasonably priced. A generous serving of meat. The veggies is comprised of steamed broccoli, carrots and cabbage. Nothing fancy, not a lot of flavor, but you can add teriyaki sauce on it. The Katsu chicken was a decent sized portion, had good flavor but a little on the dry side. Wasn't wowed by the sushi. It appears to be a family run restaurant. Service is good and the place is clean. Don't forget to get your punch card. It can get pretty crowed during lunch time. You can fax or call in an order. Lunch time parking can be a challenge as well.
4	I just posted a two star review for a Yogi's on Ocotillo and Arizona Ave... so I wanted to post one for this location as my experience was 100% different!I loved this place, the food was fantastic!I ordered the Beef and Chicken Combo Bowl (comes with rice and vegetables), my wife ordered the Chicken Plate (comes with rice and salad)... it was lunch on a Saturday when we stopped by and had a bite to eat before picking up our daughter visiting at a friend's house.Both the Beef and Chicken were flavorful, the sauce did not overpower the natural flavor of the food. The rice was perfectly cooked and the vegetables were perfectly steamed (zucchini, carrots, squash and broccoli... not an ounce of cabbage [see my other review to understand what I mean by that comment]).My wife loved her food as well... very tasty overall.The environment was clean and you could tell the employees really took care of everything.Food was out quickly, but not super-fast (I didn't mind the 10 minute wait... it's hard to have "fresh" food any faster anyway).I have been back, and I will continue to go back. The guys behind the counter were friendly and explained a few things about the menu since it was our first time there.Give this location a shot, you won't be sorry!
4	Go for the all white meat chicken teriyaki. I love their sauce and its always consistent. Plus I love all the crazy drinks they have in the cooler.
3	I've eaten at quite a few Yogis Grills since they started opening up in Arizona a handful of years ago. Their teriyaki chicken is pretty good and you get quite a bit for your dollar. However!!! Two things. 1. No matter which location I go to the service always seems sub-par. It seems everyone that works at Yogis Grill just seems uninterested and lacks the ability to be friendly. *shrug* Its not overly bothersome to me but it would be nice to have friendlier service. 2. Their sushi, is not that good and they are ridiculously over priced. I can go to Kona Grill which is a nice restaurant and get much better tasting sushi for nearly $2.00 cheaper! I just can't get past how expensive their rolls are AND it doesn't taste much better then grocery store sushi. I'll still go there for teriyaki but not for sushi, its just not worth it.
3	So I had the "Chicken Teriyaki Bowl" It was pretty good was Impressed Better then other Chicken Teriyaki Bowls I've had. The atmosphere was nice to real clean, Staff seem friendly. I will go back
4	If you are unsure about yogis just give it a try. Their spicy teriyaki sauce is the way to go. Good lunch before 3 and food is always prepared well and quickly.. Absolutely love yogis
5	Best crunch roll!And if you're bulking,  get the large brown rice extra brown rice and extra chicken bowl!
4	Good food that doesnt feel heavy or greasy after. I recommend the white meat teriyaki bowl, white meat cost a buck extra but its worth it. People there get the order correct, so dont be afraid to call ahead.
4	This was my first Yogi's Grill experience.  It was a very clean restaurant and the food portions were big.  I enjoyed their food and this is a good place to go for a quick "fast food" Japanese fix.  We ordered the chicken plate and salmon plate.  Both were good! I probably wouldn't get any sushi here since we already have a favorite sushi place. If you're sitting on the fence, this place is worth a try!
1	I used to come here a lot and it was delicious. I've been here twice in the last 3 months and the chicken was disgusting both times. It was fatty and not edible. Some pieces were pink and others were gray. This will be my last visit here.
2	They do not even have a basic avacado roll or cucumber roll----I asked for just a basic/plain avacado roll & was charged $8.00---for their "avacado roll"--californa w/ avacado, minus the california.Terrible. I would not go here for sushi ever again,
4	Great place for fast sushi and a great teriyaki bowl.   I know  the word "fast" may conger up images of "fast food",  but that's certainly not the case here at Yogis.  The sushi rolls here are pretty good,  although I've never ordered any of their other sushi.   My favorite is the Crunchy,  stuffed with shrimp and rolled in what I assume is panko.   Their bowls seem to be a step up from most other places,  The meat is sliced into thin ribbons,  and the use of sticky rice is a great touch. The service is always fast,  but the staff won't go out of their way to be friendly. Overall a great place to stop for good Japanese when you want it quick!
3	The Arizona bowl is all I ever get from here but it is good. I like how you can gather your own condiments and you squirt them into little containers,  including the teriyaki sauce. Good for a quick bite to eat.
4	I ordered to go here upon the request of the ladies I work with. I was surprised that the sushi was pretty good. Not a bad price for good sushi. I would rather go here than the rotating sushi place down the street. I also ordered tempura udon. It was pretty good for takeout. I would go back.  I like that they have other options too so I can take my husband who doesn't like sushi. :)
4	The food is nice and cheap. The setting is pretty casual and relaxing, and there are outdoor seating as well. I went and tried the teriyaki beef bowl and it was delicious!
