4	This is a great campus. There's great staff, great students, and lots of support facilities. I've had some good experiences with the Academic Learning Center, where students can get one-on-one feedback on their writing or math work. There's awesome facilities, and a pretty thorough library system, particularly for a community college. The campus is nice, and centrally located with lots of cool restaurants within walking distance. It's almost got the same feeling as a college campus for a 4 year school, which is nice for a community college. It makes there be something of a college culture, which is hard to develop at commuter campuses.
4	I love any place where it seems like I'm the smartest person. Yeah I know, that's an arrogant statement.  I stand behind it.  CPCC get your learn on YO!
4	Haven't taken any classes, but it seems like it's a good option if you are looking to take them.  Their downtown campus near Presbyterian Hospital has changed a lot since I've moved here.  They are definitely growing and getting bigger (which nice new buildings and parking structures).CPCC also has a number of satellite campuses around the Charlotte area so it makes it convenient to take classes no matter where you live in the city.
1	*This Review Is For The Business Office Only*5 weeks and one day after my wife dropped an online class, we are still fighting with CPCC to get our refund. My wife has made multiple phone calls only to have one returned. It seems her refund is setting in cyberspace. They want her to get her refund by activating a CPCC debit card, which they get a kickback on, and which is no good to use anywhere other than at CPCC.My wife explained that she is almost finished with her degree and will not be attending CPCC again, therefor, does need or want a CPCC debit card, but just wants her money refunded by a check or put back on our debit card. The girl in the business was not very helpful, but kind of rude and snippy, and said she would have her supervisor call my wife, which as usual, we are still wating on a return phone call.Not only did CPCC take an $85 fee out of our refund for "not dropping the class in time", but now we are having fight to get get the remaining amount of the refund.When she signed up for the class they took the money from our account that instant, but now 5 weeks and $85 in fees later, we are still fighting to get our refund.There should be some kind of law to prevent this, but since there is not that is why we are going through this to try and get OUR money that CPCC owes us.Will post an update when and if this gets resolved, but after what we have already been throught with CPCC, I'm not holding my breath for an easy or fast resolution to this problem.
1	8 weeks and 2 days after my wife dropped an online class the ordeal of getting the refund is finally over. After weeks of unreturned phone calls, my wife had to get into her car and drive to the Harris campus. At this point we are 7 weeks into a long fight with CPCC to get the refund for the dropped class.She finally got some information about the CPCC debit card that if the main campus had returned any of her many phone calls and explained the situation, this could have been over with weeks ago.Yes she had the get the CPCC debit card, and it took a week to have it mailed to her but it can be used like any other debit card minus a 50cent per transaction fee that I am sure CPCC gets half as a kickback. We were going to just put it into our checking account, but had to fill out a long form, print it out then mail it to somewhere in CT and wait another week for the transaction to happen, so we did'nt go that route.Bottom line is if you get any type of refund from CPCC take the debit card and dont go through the ordeal we did because you will get absolutely no help or customer service from the business office at CPCC at all.
3	If you take online classes, I suggest going on campus at least a couple times to familiarize yourself with the location... You will eventually need to go there and it will make it a whole lot easier if you have an idea where you're going... Make sure to check Amazon or Textbooks.com before buying books directly through the Barnes and Noble bookstore... The staff is helpful, but good grief... Some of those books are just ludicrously priced... A used sociology book was going to cost me $80 at the bookstore, I found it online for $10 plus shipping... Something is wrong with this picture...  HigherOne has lots of fees associated with the debit card... If you're scheduled to get a refund, just fill out the form to have it sent directly to your bank account and fax it to their office... I know it's 2013 and practically no one has a fax machine, but take it to Kinko's or something... Your refund and your wallet will thank you...
1	HORRIBLE college. Good luck going there or getting help when you needi it. The only person I found to be helpful was Brad and he simply shouldnt have to do anybodies job. I will def be contacting higher management due to the lack of communication I have recieved. I do NOT reccommend this school to anyone who is looking to further their education. I have never seen such a horrible COMMUNITY COLLEGE in my life time.
4	I love what CPCC does for the community so they have to receive 4 stars for that.  Classes are varied and plentiful.  Today, I was registered for a small business class.  Apparently, the class was canceled yesterday and they notified me via my CPCC email account.  I am not a current student so there was no need for me to check into that account.  When I registered over the phone, I thought I provided a personal email account to be used for notification.  I hope to find another class to take at CPCC and now, lesson learned, I will verify the day before attending.  Oh, and it will take 6-8 weeks to get a refund...shouldn't take that long but since I support the school, I will move on.
4	CPCC provides a great learning environment for students of all ages. Registration can be a hassle and occasionally slow, and classes go really fast so don't procrastinate when registration opens. Smaller classrooms provide a more interactive learning environment and there is plenty of free tutoring for various courses. If you're plan on transferring I would suggest meeting with a program advisor from both CPCC and the school you're transferring to so there's no confusion on what classes you need. The bookstore can be relatively expensive so I would recommend shopping around before buying any textbook through CPCC. If you're looking to get involved there's student government, community outreach programs, and community service programs at your disposal. I strongly recommend the hospitality and culinary program for anyone interested in those fields.
