1	No stars if I could. This guy is the biggest asshole I've ever met. Paid my 60 dollar copay to be insulted and get my self-esteem shot down. He didn't listen to ANYTHING I was saying to him. I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. I've never felt so awful leaving a doctors office before in my life.
4	My previous experiences with biopsies have not been all that great. Unfortunately it was with a Dermatologist near my home. The results from this place came back that I had an overdose with Benadryl...I am very pleased with the services provided here at Arcadia Dermatology.Dr Henry did try his best to figure out my reactions that continued to happen. He allowed me to take a medication that was very strong although was the cure for many cases online. I began the medication and have not had a reaction since. Now I am 5 months free of reactions and am so happy.The doctor assistants are easy to speak with and Dr Henry has a high enough respect for them that allowed me to feel comfortable with them.
2	My appointment was at 8 and the Doctor didn't come into my room until about 8:45. When he came in he asked if I was still doing the treatment he prescribed a year before. I said no, and explained I went off the oral antibiotics because I try to stay away from putting too many chemicals in my body. He asked if I was using the face wash they sell there (the Aracadia Benzaderm wash). I said I used it for about 7 months and it stopped working for my breakouts. He became irritated and said I still need to use that and gave me some topical gel samples and left. This was all under 2 minutes. I took time off work and paid a 40$ copay to have the dermatologist prescribe me a facewash I already tried and didn't work and then to get a couple of sample topical gels. Not even a prescription for the topical gels. He wanted me to come back in 3 weeks to see how it was working, so I could pay another 40$ copay. Then I asked the assistant if there was any type of cream she recommended I put on my face to prevent scarring for the breakouts and she said no. There's nothing I could do to help the scarring except go through their skin peel laser treatments they offered at out of pocket costs. I felt like my experience there was less than impressive. He didn't ask me anything about my lifestyle, diet, hormones, or anything that might be causing my breakouts. To me, it seemed like all they cared about was promoting and selling their own products.
3	I was seen promptly and the Doctor addressed all of my concerns.  Removed 2 moles that day (which I asked for, but expected to be told to come back for that) and also gave me a very effective acne wash and prescription that are working well for me.  I have called back to schedule subsequent visits and the front desk clerks are short and not the nicest, but they get the job done and I understand being busy.  Overall, I had a good experience at Arcadia and will be going back for more mole removal and acne medications (as needed).
1	The doctor was rude and only looked at me for 5 minutes... Horrible experience. Will never return. Even charged me for a return visit just to tell me "I have nothing left to try." Couldn't they tell me that on the phone? Avoid this place.
