4	I had let my yard go and needed some work done to get it back in shape. Adrian did just that and more for a good price.  He did such a good job that I have them come every two weeks now.
5	Adrian did a great job cleaning up my yard after our tenant moved out.  The before and after is amazing!  He even fixed our sprinkler lines.  He is coming back monthly to maintain our yard.  We are very happy with his work!
4	Adrian did a great job on cleaning my backyard. Pulled up all the grass an raked the yard nice.. Will call him for future jobs!!
5	While I enjoy doing my own landscaping, I was having a house warming party and I wanted to impress my guests.  After looking online for landscapers in Tempe, I came across Adrian on Yelp!  After reading the reviews I decided to give him a shot.  Let me just say that I am impressed! I thought that I did a great job, but after he was done, I realized that somethings are just left best to the pros!He showed up on time and delivered!  Well done!
5	This time of the year must be high season for landscapers. I have literally called, emailed, left voicemail for about 5-6 different companies. Four got back to me, and two of those were too lazy or didn't want to bother with actually coming to my property to give me an estimate.Adrian and another company were the two that called me back, and Adrian's quote simply blew the other one away. Normally I'd be a little suspicious, but after experiencing the lack of response from other landscapers, his great reviews on here, and my very neglected trees, I decided to give him a go.I am completely satisfied with his work. Him and another guy came together and they did not stop cutting, hauling, and mowing until my yard looks sparkling new. Now I feel much more zen looking out.Another very good thing about him is that he texts! He also speaks English well so no worries on that front. I will be contacting him again when my yard goes feral.
5	Like other reviewers, we called and emailed more than 10 companies looking for landscape maintenance quotes with only a handful responding and even fewer coming out to look at our lot.  Adrian called us back and came out to check out our lot on the same day I called.  He was prepared to work that afternoon, but we had him come back a couple days later.  We have several large trees (including a queen palm) and bushes with about a year's worth of growth.  Needless to say, our yard was very overgrown.   Ultimately, Adrian's quote beat the other estimates by a landslide, and the final product was above and beyond what we were expecting.  He was responsive and fast.  We plan to call him for all of our future landscape maintenance needs.
5	Clean & thorough work! Exceeded my expectations! We have hired landscapers in the past, and Adrian's is the best. He answers his phone and shows up on time. I am very happy with his work and highly recommend him.
1	After other failed attempts I decided to look on yelp for a landscaper.   Was excited when Adrian came over within 2 hours of calling him for a quote.  Unfortunately, it went downhill from there. I called on a Thursday and he came over to give a quote for a clean up and service every 2 weeks.  Saturday at noon I sat and waited for the cleanup...1 pm came around and I finally called to see where he was (hour late...no call no show)  he said he would come at 5 pm instead of the 12 pm that we scheduled...it rained and I never heard back from him. On Monday I reached out, 3 times, and was told he would stop over on Wednesday to take care of everything.  Said it would take 3 hours...Wednesday,  he shows up at 5 pm, instead of the 4 pm he promised and within an hour and a half he said he had to leave to go do another quote for someone that was upset with him. He left my front yard untouched and then proceeded to tell me he only quoted the back yard, despite walking around our entire property during the initial quote.  My front yard is grass and I only needed it to be mowed.I then asked if he would come back for the front yard and a re seeding of the back yard that he cleaned up.  Adrian quoted another price and said he would be over the following Wednesday. After another no call no show we have decided to go with another company.  Adrian is another 1 man show that goes after quick cash and doesn't follow through.   Save yourself the headache.
4	I called Adrian set up an time for him to review the property for an estimate. He showed up on time and performed the work and did a really nice job. I will definitely call him again next time I need yard maintenance.
5	They do a great job at a great price. I have been nothing but satisfied with their work. They even make sure to get all the little bits cleaned up from trimming the bushes in my backyard so my dogs feet don't get thorns.  I am getting ready to move and I will for sure be using them at my new home as well.
