4	These people love pets!  And it's a locally owned business, not the impersonal big box mega pet mart.I have dogs so that's my focus when I shop.  I know they have a large selection of cat items too.  Other pets - hamsters, gerbils, lizards, birds, etc - may have to go elsewhere for provisions, treats and toys.  But Pet Essentials has all of those for cats and dogs.  This is the only store I've found that carries the all natural, holistic, anti-stress chew sticks for my dog (and yes, they really do work).They also provide a wash your own dog facility that I haven't tried yet.  They supply the elevated tub (no straining your own back), shampoos, conditioners, towels, etc - you bring the dirty dog.  Irving is now in a "digging" phase so I'm sure I'll be using this feature shortly.Shop is located in the Carmel Commons shopping center, near the Bonefish Grill.Be sure to say hi to Violet, the massive cat who can't stay out of the cat food in the storeroom.NOTE - Yelp is still showing the previous address at Stonecrest (intersection of Rea and Ballantyne Commons Parkway) - new location is Carmel Commons shopping center at intersection of Carmel Road and Pineville Matthews Road
1	Can't believe what we put ourselves thru for our pets.  The owner here is just down right ugly.  They may have had a monopoly on holistic foods when first opened but no more. http://www.completepetmart.com/ next to Trader Joes for food & PetExpertise on the internet is awesome & much cheaper for deer antlers along w/other items.  Plus they have like 2 day shipping at standard shipping cost.  Clearly this owner needs to learn how to treat customers.
3	I used to shop more frequently at Pet Essentials when they were in Stonecrest, but I still shop here when I am in the neighborhood for natural dog treats, holisitic food, and toys. The service really has been hit or miss for me... sometimes it is really good and other times it is just so-so.  But, I like to support local entrepreneurs, so I would definitely recommend that you check them out next time you're shopping for your pet.
2	Great location in this shopping center. The store itself was packed with everything you need for your furry friend...from food to toys to grooming. I went in just browsing and I found myself having questions about the various toothbrushes so I can start cleaning my pooch's teeth. However, the employee never acknowledged me even after he helped another customer before me and he began greeting and helping someone else who came in after me. Granted, I don't demand a lot of attention; I do think it's not too much to expect acknowledgment in a store such as this when at one time I was the only customer.Well, anyway, I think it's great it's a local establishment and I love shopping local. It just didn't score too high in my book since, well, I've experienced better.
5	The owners of Pet Essentials are the most knowledgeable folks you could ever hope to find, and they always put my pets' interest first--not their own.  I work with a dog rescue group, and no matter what sort of problem or need a dog might have, the owners and their staff members are ready with some good, reasonable solutions.  When I double check their advice with my vet, I always get confirmation of what the folks at Pet Essentials have advised. The owners have many years of experience raising and training dogs at the highest level, and when you combine that with their humane, highly ethical nature, you get a great result.
5	I moved to Charlotte a year ago and have been less than impressed with other dog care service providers.  I stumbled across this great locally owned store when I need to bathe my dogs and I didn't want to get my house messy.  Great raised tubs, they have great shampoos, dryers, etc.  I was effortlessly able to groom my 2 dogs with no hassle.  Love the emphasis on safety!  Great selection of good products at VERY fair prices!  2 huge paws up!  Definitely recommended!
4	I had always been aware that this place was here but never had a chance to stop inside until the Pet Smart down the street relocated... and I am glad they did.This place is filled with friendly pet lovers who are there because they like pets, not just for a job. The prices are similar to other pet stores and since they are a local business (I had always thought that they were a chain) they are very personable.My dog and I go about once every other week to pick up a new bone and sniff the other animals (only the dog sniffs..)Summary: great place, but wouldnt go too far out of the way to go to it.
3	Customer service is not their strong point - great selection of pet products, but on the pricey side.  I only go for the dog baths.  Elevated tubs with all the supplies (5 stars there).  Only $11 for my corgi.  I love making a mess there then at my house!
5	Pet Essentials is the best pet store in Charlotte! Not only do they have a great selection with everything you would ever need for your pet, the owners are extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and go out of their way to help. I would highly recommend Pet Essentials to any pet owner that would like to provide the highest quality of "pet essentials" for their pets!
5	I'm pretty shocked by some of the reviews on here. I actually yelped it after visiting expecting to see 5 stars. My experience has been excellent. Honestly I've never had someone go more out of their way to help me at a pet store.  The woman who helped me went as far as taking four separate harnesses out of the packaging to make sure I found the perfect fit for my dog Peanut. I also had a lot of questions about weight loss and new types of food and treats for my dogs. The woman spent at least 30 minutes with us going over everything. She even gave me this awesome equation to figure out how many calories my dogs should be eating to lose weight. Also my dogs actually love the food and treats we got there. Definitely a pet essentials customer from now on. Also their prices were no higher than big box pet stores. That's just my opinion but a couple things we got were actually a little less.  Doesn't strike me as a store trying to run a holistic monopoly - just a local pet store with great products and awesome customer service. *side note...the pet wash area they have looks pretty good. Haven't tried it yet but so plan on it and will update.
5	Awesome for your pet supplies! Loved the atmosphere and the customer service! Great selection and good prices---give up the big box retailers and give them your business!!
4	Nice facility with good prices.  The location isn't great for me but the price for the self serve dog wash is wonderful!  It cosy me 16 $ for the dog wash. 2 $1 dollar greenies, and a bag of treats.  The 4 dog tubs are in a separate room attached to the store.  It has anything you need and then some.  The tubs line a wall so you can't walk around your puppy when you are bathing them, but 4 types of shampoos are in dispensers attached to the wall of each tub.  A tool box full of combs, ear cleaning and cologne is also available.  The store has all sorts of treats and foods for dogs and cats.  Single chews, pugs ears, hoofs, you name it are available to mix and match.  If you have a dog, go in.
5	The owner is very dedicated to his business, extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  They carry our dog food to the car for you and help you lift your dog for baths.  Their prices are fair and I love supporting local business's.  I highly recommend you visit this store, you won't be disappointed!
4	I enjoy the dog grooming room, my pup is scared of the big box groomer we previously went to. Here I can do it myself with all the supplies & assistance if requested. Great selection of toys, treats, and food for a variety of pets. I especially like the amount of affordable all natural products. Pets are welcome! Great way to shop LOCAL!
