1	Bouncer tried to upsell bottle service, claimed they were at capacity and we couldn't get in without buying a $400 bottle of alcohol (4 guys).  So anyways, my friend just goes and slides in behind sushi samba (there's a hallway that's shared) and bypasses the whole "scene" (there was no line by the way).  Said it was a decent spot but it was pretty empty and certainly not at capacity.   Hollywood nightclub attitude in LA?  Me thinks not...especially inside a freaking mini-mall in the freaking Palazzo hotel. The club/bar is hard enough to find...they can't afford to be this lame early on in their life. Sure, if it was Tao or Pure or even a place that looked somewhat alive, I would have obliged, but this place was dead dead dead on a Saturday night.
4	I'm a fan because of the party I went to with BestofVegas.com . The security was kinda a douche because I walked up with a friend and he looked at me and said,"the entrance is over there. This is a vip party." LOL I said thanks I'm on the list." OUCH. Yes what? Cuz Chloe Kardassian and Nikki Hilton were there I couldn't kick it? I hate people who judge by looks and clothing. Anyway Passed apps of sushi, kobe sliders, crabcakes were great. SKEWERS OF MEAT. FANFUCKINTASTIC. So overall great space. Bar staff was fast there. I knew one bartender, and  it was nice to watch the different go go girls and they handled the party well. So yea I crushed on this girl who was all 80's out and had black hair, hot lil thing but...she danced a lil awkward...but it was cute.Eh I'm partial. Sugarcane is located in the back. Unless you walked around there you wouldn't know it existed. Yea its weird being in a mall. But it's a nice joint.
5	sugarcane was pretty dope spot for only being open for two weeks... the music was sick, the crowd was so so and the bar wasn't hell of crowded!  the walls were painted by a Japanese graffiti artist, which was cool!  I'm definitely coming back...
4	I was lucky enough to get invited to the BestOfVegas.com party that was located at the SugarCane.  It is a bit hard to find, feels a bit out of the way, but once you are there, it is a rockin' good time! Very eclectic feeling, and dark.  The bar staff was incredibly efficient, and the go-go dancers were cute, and talkative.It was a really great night, because Kourtney Kardashian and Niky Hilton were there, so that really rocked!I will deff be back!
1	I read reviews from yelp about Sugarcane and since we were eating at Sushisamba and offered to check out the place, we thought to try it out.  When we walked inside, it was practically empty (maybe 10 people at most!).  The dance floor was small and there was 1 bar to the corner.  I didn't pay attention the the music, but I know it didn't really impress me and my friends.  There were 2 girls dancing, which tried to liven up the room, but since there was no one really there, we decided to leave.  We were there for maybe 5-10 minutes, and it didn't look like it was going to get any better.  It was already past 11pm so it wasn't a timing issue.  I think that since this place is relatively new and probably not promoted as well, this place still has some time to build up crowd and appeal.
4	Great brunch too. Best atmosphere.
