5	Small business owned by a guy named J.J... I've had him clean my carpets a few times now and he always does a great job.  Friendly guy, very personable and polite, good price and doesn't try to upsell you on needless services.
5	JJ is a nice respectable guy, I don't worry about him coming back to the houses to rob them.  I have had that feeling from other carpet cleaning co.  I am in real estate and he really does a good job fast and cheap - I expect to use him for all my carpet cleaning and he will now be my only carpet cleaning referral.  Thanks JJ - I appreciate your thorough professionalism.  (I don't have to babysit - he does good all on his own)
5	We needed our carpets cleaned, so I made the only logical move, and checked Yelp. I'll admit, I checked reviews on other sites, but the two previous Yelp reviews really sold me on using Above Par Carpet Care. We were able to get an appointment on a day we wanted (only called a few days ahead) and the person we scheduled with said that they would arrive between 9-10am. Well, at 8:57 J.J. showed up. He was incredibly professional, courteous, and understanding. On the morning of the carpet cleaning, we had family in town, and we had been out until about 5:00am. JJ was very understanding, and helped us move the remaining furniture in the rooms to be cleaned. JJ never tried to sell us more than what we asked. He even gave us a deal on the pet treatment. He was in an out in about 1.5 hours or so after cleaning a couch, two large rooms and a hallway. I thought the prices were reasonably (I wasn't expecting to pay the too good to be true price advertised on street corners) but I was very pleasantly surprised by the total price. The carpets looked great and the pet stains left by the previous owners are nowhere to be seen. I am very picky about who comes into my house to do any kind of work. I was very pleased with APCC and will definitely use them in the future.
5	Showed up on time and did an excellent job.  JJ was very reasonably priced and very respectful and even helped me move a few things.  I highly recommend
1	The number for the business had been disconnected and the weblink does not work
