4	Has drive through and staff is friendly!
4	Great staff.  Always friendly people working there... not always accurate with the orders in the drive-thru, though.  Got to keep on top of them about that.
5	Starbucks is Starbucks, Great to meet friends.
5	This is my new favorite Buckies! On an endless quest to get free Wi Fi, I stopped in today while getting some cheap gas in SC. And this place is busy for a Wednesday morning yet I had no issue with parking, getting my drink or finding a seat. The only complaint-I feel like there are mosquito's bumping uglies since there's so many in here. The music is a moderate level and comfy seats aplenty! It's freakishly quiet for a Starbucks and hell, even the babies were quiet. Am I in some alternative Starbucks universe?? I don't know but I will definitely be back to find out.
3	A very different Starbucks that is a stand-alone site in Fort Mill. This one clearly does a whole lot of drive-through business, as that's what I was here to do. The have a super-long lane for people to queue in while they wait for the caffeine injection.Large parking lot. Easy enough to access and get back onto 160 to the Interstate. Just follow the clear signs.Oh, the coffee. Standard Starbucks, i.e., expensive and overroasted, but easy and quick.
1	I have tried this location several times and every time I am dissatisfied with my drink.  They are friendly but the coffee is bland.
1	I am right there with Karen... I came in today just to get a coffee and, although I was the only person ordering, I had to wait for more than 5min for my coffee.Worse than that was the attitude of the barista (rolling her eyes) and seeing 4 other drinks being served to other customers before me - even though I ordered first. Sorry, not coming back...
4	I am an addtict. Two thumbs up on the ever busy drive-thru. very effecient. The counter service could use some work and I wish they would sweep/clean up outside a bit more. Always consistent cappuccinos.
5	Awesome little shop. Unique design for a SBUX. Stopped in for some coffee, and then wished I had my laptop to get a few hours work done there...
5	Love everyone working here!!
4	After a stop at Cupcrazed next door for a cupcake (meh), I was almost run down in the parking lot by some fool queueing up in a drive-thru line.  Drive thru line for what?  A Starbucks.  Awesome.  I needed a sweet green tea lemonade to wash down the crumbs and my mom probably needed a slice of their lemon pound cake (or two).  If you are ordering 4 whipped, blended whip creamed and sprinkled drinks, how about you go inside?!  Once that jacknut got her crap and left, the line moved along very quickly.  The poor sweating woman (July in the Carolinas) working the drive thru was very pleasant and friendly.  Took my card, handed me my card and receipt, handed me my drink and cake.  I was rather disappointed that they were out of Venta (I think that is their name for GIANT DRANK), but I took the next size down begrudgingly.  It would be a rare occurrence that I would find myself in Ft Mill, but this was a delicious stop for a cold drink, and mom loved her cake treats.
1	Horrible service. The first time could have been a fluke, but one week later it is confirmed. Loud, crass staff; boxes stacked throughout store; filthy bathroom with no soap; and trashy seating area.
4	Very busy Starbuck, good hot joe. Nice place to meet friend and cop free wifi. The leather seats are comfortable, large family table is good for 6 or more, bathrooms clean, and plenty of whole beans on shelves for sale to take home.Update.....who took out the large family table?! Whoever did I take one of my stars back!
5	I'm a huge fan of this Starbucks. It's an easy shot off I-77 and the staff goes out of their way to get to know you and your drink. I know that's the Starbucks wat, but I get the feeling they actually like working there. It's right in the beginning of Baxter Village so you can sit down at the outdoor seating old wonder around town through the shops and little park.
1	I've been here only a few times and the staff was really rude all of the times. Today they crossed the line when they refused to refill my drink with the rewards program. They did not offer to make it right and handled the situation very unprofessionally.If you are in the area, make sure to go to the Starbucks in Rock Hill, just down the I-77 instead of this hole.
1	I guess Starbucks doesn't need to worry about customer service anymore. The service was beyond slow. It's understandable that some drinks take longer than others but I have a problem with staff continually talking with each other and moving at the pace of a sloth while the line backs up waiting for their drinks. The product is consistent but the service needs to step it up extremely.
1	If you expect your order to be timely and accurate, do not, I repeat, do not use the drive thru. It is the most complicated intricate maze that will not allow you to leave. I sat in line for 15 minutes only to get to the window and they not have my food portion of my order even prepared.  They then gave me the McDonalds treatment, asking me to pull to the side so they can bring my food order out. What an inconvenience!
5	Still love you guys. You're the best around! How's that sing go? Anyway... I love them know them all by name and they no mine too. Stay to long when I get my drink. They rock!
3	It's Starbucks. The price is what it is.This service area of this location can get backed up and you may have to wait a while for your beverage. It's a toss up between which is better, going inside or using the drive-thru.I like the personal way of connecting a name with a drink. They don't do that here. They just yell out the drink ingredients rather than a name. That can be confusing.I can only remember one time - through the drive-thru - that the window attendant was nice and very pleasant. Usually the staff (inside or DT) don't seem thrilled to be at work. That's disappointing - especially for the price I'm paying.
1	This location has had no hot tea other than "passion fruit" for the past two weeks. They claim they are switching to a different brand, but every other location I visit has what I want. This is just the one closest to my house.  This seems to be poorly managed.
