5	Great east valley sports bar! Have been here once with friends who are regulars there, and can see why! Tons of TVs in a newer, clean sports bar! The wings are pretty good, not the best, but well above average, and the beer specials rotate - always including a 32oz mug for 3 or 4 bucks. They also have shuffleboard and a highly addictive golf video game.
4	I kind of wavered on whether I should write a review about Zipps - my reasoning was based on #1 it's a sports bar and #2,well, it's a sports bar. But I did review The Library..... and after thinking about it, I seem to have a lot to say.I've been here several times, and this latest bout was a 3 to 4 star experience. So, I'm giving it a 4 star based on other sports bars in Gilbert.Zipps doesn't have anything to write home about. It's a sports bar with a LOT of TVs, 2 pool tables, a shuffleboard table, a few video games, and one of those stuffed animal machines. There is a patio for the smokers, a dining area for the family or large group that want to come here and eat a meal, and a bar area for the drinkers and smaller social groups, and die hard fans that want to be up close and personal with their team of choice. There was only one game on (STEELERS vs. Chargers) so we didn't have to worry about positioning ourselves correctly. However, there have been times when we didn't show up for gameday in a prompt manner and were forced to crank our necks to catch our game (even though they do have a zillion tvs). It gets pretty busy in here and once the crowd starts shuffling in, it seems as though the wait staff starts to forget things, the bartenders get sloppy, and the kitchen backs up. This place has been opened long enough to understand proper expediting and timing. Right?The food is, well - ok. It's bar food, after all; I had to keep reminding myself I didn't come here for a crudo of sea scallops with vanilla salt or a braised duck breast. They do have a generous selection and there were a *few* specials. $1 off a large pizza or $8 specialty burgers. I did appreciate the selection of burgers which can be ordered in either beef, chicken, turkey or garden. They have flatbreads (which I didn't really like), a few specialty salads, and some sandwiches. On this visit, we ordered the Chicken Fresca sandwich which was basically a chicken breast with pepperjack cheese, some sort of Jalapeno sauce, salsa, and a bun. It was good, but the bun was soggy and the lettuce was wilted and lifeless. I would order it again, and just eat the chicken because it was perfectly grilled and the salsa was a nice compliment to go with the pepper jack. They have a good selection of beer. However, I opted for a citron lemonade (*I must keep reminding myself I'm"m at a sports bar) and I literally got vodka and lemonade (and it was the kind of lemonade out of a bar spigot - not true bar lemonade). I suppose I was expecting a teakwoods tommy lemonade (mmmmm those are the best) Our server was gracious enough to realize that we were probably going to sit at that pub table for quite some time, and didn't try to move us out. She kept our party somewhat happy and she was prompt with our tab. So it is what it is. It's Zipps. It's fun. I'll probably go back (It seems like I always do). But there are a LOT of sports bars out in GIlbert to choose from.
3	I've been to 2 of the Zipps locations and they were both rather identical. Sports bar, lots of TVs, attractive waitresses (important to a lot of guys from what I've experienced..haha), and decent bar food. The service was good- the waitresses have been very attentive, bringing refills on soft drinks, and offering to get another round of brew for the table. With their many TVs, they always have the "big game" on :) As for the food, I only ate one of the two times I went to Zipps, but I had a chicken wrap and a side salad... pretty darn delicious actually. It's pretty hard to go wrong with a chicken wrap, right? :)
4	This place is good for a sports bar around here but with the concrete floor, and no sound absorbing surfaces anywhere, it gets very loud and you often can barely here the people you are trying to talk to across the table.  Also while it is decent for a sports bar in AZ, it is no where near as good as sports bars in my home town of Milwaukee.  I just don't think anyone knows how to do a good sports bar in this town.  The food is pretty good but the service gets pretty slow when they get crowded.
4	I was a little hesitant of Zipps when we pulled in - didn't look from the outside like it would offer an awesome time.  Walking in around 7 on a Friday night revealed a place that was almost full.  We chose to sit on the chilly patio, which did have a couple of heaters.  The heaters were a little high up and less effective, but it was also one of the coldest nights this year. Service was fast and friendly, we never ran out of beer.  I got the BLT on Sourdough, and so did my friend, her husband got the Black and Blue Burger.  The fries were good, but not as crispy as I like.  The flavor was great and I ended up eating all of them.  The BLT was awesome! Tons of crispy bacon, and they cut it so that you were able to eat the sandwich without bacon attacking you.  The sourdough bread was thick cut and lightly toasted.The burger was a little less than we expected - 2 nice size patties, but the blue cheese could have been done a little better, and it was very messy.  The onion rings were nice sized and with great, fluffy breading on them.The on tap beer list was a little heavy on the cheap domestics for my taste, but they did have an Alaskan Amber that went great with the food.We were able to sit and talk for several hours, and the server made sure that we always had what we needed.
3	I personally don't really care for Zipp's all too much. I suppose that for a sports bar in Gilbert, it's decent. The food is just alright, and that depends on what you are buying. Most of their food is very greasy and makes my stomach upset. If I were looking for a sports bar to go watch the game at, I would much rather go to Blue 32.
2	This used to be a great little bar and I am not sure what happened to it. My daughter has gone in 2 or 3 times now and she consistently gets bad service and she suspects it is because she is a teenager (17). They have over charged her, double charged her debit card, and just given her poor service. So I decided to go with her the other night to get a bite to eat and waitress #1 shows up, takes our drink order, then waitress #2 shows up with our drinks and says she is now our waitress. She brought our Onion Rings/Fries out cold and I had to send them back. She took forever in swinging by the table to check on us. They brought out the MOAB brownie without any spoons. It just went on and on. I never used to get service like that there and I did not recognize any of the managers that used to be there. They won't be getting any of my money in the future.
2	The good: Great burgers and fish/chips.  Lots of TVs.The bad: I keep trying the wings, hoping they'll get better.  They're soggy, taste like vinegar, and aren't even hot.The ugly: Terrible beer selection, but that might be the fault of their customers.  Don't even have Four Peaks?  Give me a break!
2	I will try this place one more time before giving up on it.I would never in a million years eat inside the restaurant.  It is so loud with all the tv's playing many different sports and all the patrons.  I got 2 dozen traditional hot wings to go.  When I ordered them I was informed that they are VERY HOT and I may want to go with medium.  Since they were for my husband and some friends who enjoy very hot food I got them.When I picked them up the staff was very apathetic, bordering on rude.  The wings were very very very hot.  Los Dos Molinos doesn't hold a chance against the spice level of these wings.  All three adults and 2 kids eating them at tears, red faces, starting eating bread afterward and put ice packs on their lips!Next time I will order the medium heat wings to go.
4	This is my go to spot when I am in the mood for sports bar food and atmosphere. A Blue Moon on tap with an orange slice, to go with some of the golden wings is the perfect combination for me. Zipps is one of my top spots in the valley when it comes to wings. If you are looking at something more for dinner the rest of the menu doesn't disappoint. The salads and burgers are great, but if you are looking for that one thing on the menu you have to try, its the Monaco foccacia. When I go to this place with 8 friends, 7 are getting the Monaco. As good as everything else on the menu is, I rarely venture away from the Monaco. The happy hour here is nothing mind blowing, but def worth checking out, $5 for a dozen wings and a few bucks for a 32oz domestic beer make it a budget friendly dinner before 7.The food here is 5 stars for me. My one qualm with this place is they will charge you for every extra thing you order. We ask for an extra side of ranch and some celery..$3 dollars. And if you plan on splitting something, expect to pay extra. I worked at a restaurant under the same owners and they take off 7 dollars from every employees paycheck as a drink charge whether you drink from the soda fountain or not. point is these owners will nickel and dime you for every cent they can get.  Overall if you want a great sports bar to eat at, or a place to catch a game, this is the place you want to go.
5	So I have re-evaluated my experiences at Zipps in Gilbert and I have decided that I should really update my review. I LOVE ZIPPS. Great happy hour. Great bar food. Great service. Great management and employees. One employee specifically, ERICA, always provides the best service imaginable. Go to Zipps, find Erica, and tell her that Tim sent you.
2	Consistently terrible and SLOW service. Great happy hour specials both food and drink but I just can't justify how terrible the service is. With some decent management this could place be something special, for now my money goes elsewhere.
4	The wings are freakin hot!!!  I enjoy my wings with some kick but man I must inform you; if you can't handle the heat stay away from the wings!  I had to gargle some warm water to get my taste buds back.  Haaaa! More water please and extra ice!  The burgers is a must -- nice cheesy and the beef was just right and moist.  Our bartender was down right chill and made you feel at home.  Ambience is your typical sports bar scene.  Shorts, T-Shirts, and Flip Flops are welcomed. - Enjoy!
3	Mushroom swiss burger was good....fries were good but I normally go for the onion rings...the onion rings this time were hard and cold...kind of like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for awhile....a long while....
5	This place has great food! You have to try the buffalo shrimp, great dish! My only complaint about this dish...the skewers, you make a MESS getting the shrimp off! I love that they have different meat for the burgers, as I don't eat beef or pork...their turkey burgers are awesome!  Try to get there for their Happy Hour specials, it's worth it!The atmosphere is nice, you get a view of a sports screen from every angle...they have a variety of sports on except when there is a special event. Then if you want to catch the event...no bad seat here! I recommend this place for a great hangout for you, your friends and/or family it has awesome food! Enjoy!
4	Great place! Greatest wings ever and fun atmosphere. I can't wait to go back and try the burgers.
4	I really really like this place. Love the wings, love the green chile burger, bacon burger and salads. Good beer and great kid's menu (even if the pizza has gotten very small) -did I mention the fries? They actually look like they come from a potato! I love working out at LifeTime and then destroying all the good I did by eating and drinking here. Good place for kids but can get insanely busy on Friday nights or during key games. Why no 5th star? The service can be sketchy. But they apologize and try to make it up to you.
4	Pros: We like this bar.The proximity to Lifetime Fitness is great. We try to go for happy hour at least once a month- a good value.Love the wings, haven't tried any of the other food.Cons:Tap beer selection could be better.It is a chain.
4	HUGE beers, lots of big TV's, yummy apps, what more could you want in a sports bar?!  The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because their beers on tap are lacking.  I've never had bad service and I really do appreciate how clean and new everything looks in there.
4	Love the Green Chille Burger. Can't say about the other food because I haven't tried anything else. Last time I went the fries were undercooked, but you can ask them to cook them well done. They have great fries but for some reason they decided not to cook them as much. Great atmosphere, with several easy to see T.V.s
4	Very relaxed atmosphere and employees are super nice. We typically go here late at night just in time to get in an order of chicken skewers(which are super yummy) and then have  few drinks. They have 2 pool tables and a shuffle board which always makes for a fun night.
4	Been here a lot lately and really don't have any complaints. Enjoy the atmosphere and the food. Never had a problem.
4	Zipps is the classic neighborhood sports bar. The burgers are great, fries are cooked to perfection and the beer selection is good. There is plenty of room for groups and wait staff is very friendly. Even better, they remember their regulars and remember our favorite drinks and food choices (nothing like feeling very welcome every time we go). PLUS - Zipps is about the only place in this part of Gilbert that is open until 2AM.
5	So much better (food) than some of the other Zipps in town. Wings and an Ice cold beer..Mmmmm. Good drink specials every day of the week.
3	I had been to Zipps twice before last night, but only for appetizers and wings - which are solid.  However, three people in our party ordered the pepper jack "focaccia".  When it came to the table, I was pretty certain it was the wrong meal.  Reason being, the "focaccia" bread came out looking nothing like any focaccia any of us had ever seen.  That wouldn't have been a problem if it had tasted even remotely edible.  It was undercooked, almost raw & transparent in some places - and unpaletable.  I'm leaving three stars because the beverages (tough to screw up) and the wings were fantastic.  The service was less than stellar as when I mentioned the undercooked bread to the waitress she looked at me like I was an alien.  So, no more trips to Zipps!
4	You better wash your hands before taking a piss after eating their hot wings. If not, it will feel like you just slept with Paris Hilton.Wings GreatFries and Onion rings awesome 50/50 option is niceFoccacia sandwich decent - bread undercookedBurger decent
4	They have the best wings I've ever had Golden Medium wings are the only wings I crave. The rest of the food is alright nothing out of the ordinary. Good drink specials. Check website for drink specials and times.
2	Go early and bring ear plugs. A bt noisy. Very friendly staff but there was only 2 of us and they didn't seat us right away because the tables open were for 6 or more.
4	Good food, good wings.  Happy Hour Specials are ridiculously good.  Well done!
3	Happy hour 32 oz beer for $3.75. $1.50 pizza slices, $6 wings & chicken skewers.
5	Great beer!!! Great burgers!!! Great place!!
1	Service was terrible. Waitress had no smile, was rude, unresponsive, and very slow. Never came back to check on order. Beer was warm, I told waitress, and she took it back, repaired the warm beer into a chilled glass, and brought it back half full. As I said, beer was warm, food was cold, and service was terrible. I left her a single penny for her tip, and she was not even worth that!!!!!!!!!!
3	Husband and I went here on a Sunday to meet up for lunch with another couple friend.  I didn't have high expectations as it is a 'sports grill' and not the type of place we frequent... or, to be more honest, we avoid these types of places only because the food is usually not interesting and highly typical (freeze and fry type).  So, I guess we got what we expected - no interesting food.I was a few months pregnant at the time and so I carried a water bottle with lime juice (which, amazingly enough *really* helps with nausea.. or at least it helps ME with nausea), so I brought that in.  Our waitress was quite rude to me when she asked what I wanted to drink and I told her 'nothing, I'm set here' as I pointed to my water bottle.  She responds, "sorry but you can't bring that in, rules"... I quickly explained it was water with fresh lime in it for my morning sickness... she didn't give an eff and said "keep it outside".  Whatever.. I stuck it in my big ass purse and kept drinking it like a damn alcoholic sneaking vodka and lime juice in to a sports bar (apparently that's why they have the rule like this!?).The place is a sports grill, so it was loud and full of Sunday sports fanatics and just not my crowd AT ALL.  I give 3 stars because 4 stars implies I'd be back because I enjoyed myself there.. and two stars says the place sucks at it's job but this place gets plenty of business so I'm sure if it's your type of atmosphere and you enjoy 'bar & grill' food, you'll like this place.
4	Did not like the Chandler location but this one was great! The food was amazing and the drinks were perfect. Because the specialty burgers were part of happy hour, we all got burgers and weren't disappointed! The only reason this doesn't get my full five stars was because the service left something to be desired.
5	This review is long overdue.  I'm always here since I live really close within walking distance.  First off this is a sports bar, but the food is pretty decent.  Not a fan of the rolls.  I usually am always chomping down on their wings (get the golden variety), and cookie skillets.  I've gotten other food here. But i'm mostly here for the bar food and beer.  Their service is also great.  Very professional servers and bar tenders.  My biggest gripe is their fried mozzarella, it's mozzarella in a spring roll...Also it helps that they have pool tables and a shuffleboard.  Great outdoor seating too.  Just a great place to kick back with friends.  Get their zipperatas too!  Ask for all their varieties, more then just the regular.  grateful dead is my favorite.Also would be nice if they were able to get a couple local brews in on tap.
2	When we first arrived at Zipps we were seated by a lovely hostess and after that it was pretty much down hill. We sat and waited for our waitress to arrive, who never did, so I finally had to ask a gentleman if he could find her. She took our order, long wait for the food, and finally, now we eat. First bite of the fish and chips, which was more like rubber that was fried, had to be sent back for something else. (Mind you, that our waitress,at this point, isn't even helping us, but a gentleman who was tentative to bring something else and check in periodically, which was more than she did the whole night.) The turkey burger was fair, but the fries and onion rings were completely tasteless. Will never go back for food. Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out  the time it took to bring the check.
5	Thank you Yelp for helping me find another great happy hour place! =) This place got really good reviews for their happy hour so we wanted to check it out and of course we were not disappointed. Their happy hour is from 3-7 then 8-close so it was extremely packed when we got there. Here is their happy hour$1.50 slices of pizza$3 margaritas$2.75 house wines & wells$4 chips and salsaand so much more!We got the pizza, chips, and margaritas & they were all so amazing! The margaritas are small, but holy fudge they were soooo strong for their size! I got the watermelon which was extremely tasty. The pizza was good especially for a price of $1.50, and the salsa was actually really good. It comes with a guacamole dip and regular salsa which was very fresh. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful with everything and gave us her recommendations on what was good. And the best part? It's down the street from my house! lol. I can't wait to come back here for happy hour again. =)
5	This place is AMAZING! If you are looking for a great place especially for Happy hour! This is the place! I've been here in Phoenix for almost a week now and I've been trying to explore and see what Phoenix has to offer and by goly I found a great spot! ZIPPS! First coming I was really shocked! It was PACKED! Like PACKED! I never seen a place filled with lots of energy and people! Especially on a Wednesday night! That's when I knew this had to be a great place! I mean what's more welcoming other than coming to a place where it's dead, quiet and you can hear that cricket in the corner chirping that sad song? Or coming into a place where you're like "Heck yes I feel you! Let's get this on!" Well that's how I felt! So their happy hour menu was amazing. $1.50 slice of pizza, $3 Zipperitas...in which let me warn you, they only limit 3 per person! These little suckers may appear to be small at first glance, but man do they stir up a punch! One of these little torpedoes and I was feeling my world beginning to lose it's equilibrium! But the best part is...they taste GREAT!!! So next thing you know you had 3 of these amazing Zipperitas and you're laughing, yelling, having that great time of your life!Aside from the super affordable food and drinks, there are little mini games and lots of TV with different sports playing. I mean it is a Sports Grill so they really have it! With people cheering for their favorite team to people playing against eachother at the mini games. It's a really great and fun place to be! So if you're ever in town be sure to put this on your stop points!
2	We visited this location on a Saturday afternoon and we didn't have to wait to be seated. Our waitress was pretty nice at first. My husband and I each ordered one of their sandwiches with a side of fries. The fries were very greasy and mushy. They were not appetizing at all. I left most of them on my plate. The sandwich honestly looked like something I could have made at home and it didn't taste any better. As we were eating, we noticed the place began to get a little more crowded. That was when the service from our waitress got bad. She never came back to refill our drinks or ask if we needed anything. She simply came by to give us our bill. It was like she was rushing us out. Very rude. I will not be going back, the food really sucked and the service really sucked.
5	This is my husband and I's go-to place for a great burger everytime. Also our favorite place to be during football season. Lots of tv's and a great staff. Love this joint!
1	WORST BAR/GRILL FOOD EVER....AVOIDWe were visiting Gilbert from California and actually were looking for OverEasy but it was closed so we went over to Zipps Sports Grill next door. BAD MISTAKE..... WOW, probably the worst lunch that I have ever had in my life. My wife and I order their onion rings and share their chicken sandwich and we didn't even take more then two bites. The food was all greasy and badly served. The 4 and 5 stars on them probably are from folks that enjoyed the beer and not the food....WORST BAR/GRILL FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD....They need to look into getting some new line cooks and change their cooking oil daily.
5	Best wings I've ever had !! Drove in Cali and was pleasantly surprised ... Can't speak for the rest of the menu but the wings are ridiculous
5	Classic sports bar...great bar food (wings are the bomb!!), service is good for food type...it's not a steak house people!!!! Love coming here with friends to have a drink, play pool or shuffle board, and catch up with sports. Fun happy hour specials...come check it out!
1	I love zipps. Go there all the time so when we moved so close to this one we were excited! Unfortunately wrong.  We Went in with my 70 year old mom to watch some football and when my mom asked the waitress if she could use one of the bar chairs because it has a back on it and is better on her back the waitress gave her a snarky look and said I need to ask my manager. She was gone for a minute and came back and said her manager said no.... so we went to sit in the dining room section and the waitress was more interested in being a bitch than help us. Wont be going back. Went to the zipps on Ray and had a great time!
4	I have been here many times since they opened. Happy hour is really good, especially the wings. Food has always been consistently good which can be hard to find these days. I would give them 5 stars but service can be a little slow sometimes just because it gets so busy. Highly recommend .
1	Service was terrible. Waitress had no smile, was rude, unresponsive, and very slow. Never came back to check on order. Beer was warm, I told waitress, and she took it back, repaired the warm beer into a chilled glass, and brought it back half full. As I said, beer was warm, food was cold, and service was terrible. I left her a single penny for her tip, and
1	Well, we ended up at Zipps because my daughter said she wanted to try something new and wanted a salad.  So here we are.  We're tired of going to the same places over and over again so decided to venture outside our area.  Needless to say completely unimpressed and disappointed.  Let me start by our walk in.  Nobody was at the hostess station to take down our information.   Once the hostess finally came up, she said it was going to be a 10 to 15 minute wait.  This was the only positive about our experience.  Our little buzzer rang and they seated us at a booth in the dining area.  Put the menus down and away she went.  The ambiance is very dark in here.  So each of the booths have little lights on the one side of the table.  That's great for those who are sitting right up on the light.  In our case, the light wasn't even working.  It kept dimming in and out and the menu itself is dark so it was very hard to read. Our waitress, couldn't even tell you her name.  Now being in the customer service industry I watch the level of service given everywhere I go.  And here in Arizona, the wait staff in a food and beverage industry make less than minimum wage so their personality need to come through if the expect to make any money.  They're called tips and listen up our little waitress, you need this tip.  Welcome your customer to Zipps.  Make conversation.  Ask them if they've ever been there before and if they're returning customers thank them for coming back.  If they're new, as we were, make recommendations.  Lord help me help you, you're in the wrong business.   In this case, our server had the personality of a wet mop.  The music and noise level was so loud in there that you had to be a lip reader in order to understand what she was saying.  Terrible/Horrible.  Our meals were, grilled chicken caeser  salad, a club sandwich on sourdough with fries, and the chopped ranch salad substituting the grilled chicken with grilled chicken in wing sauce.  Oh and an appetizer of mozzarella sticks.  Now those were interesting.  So you're at a sports bar and you would think that potato skins would be on the menu.  Not here that's how we ended up with the mozzarella sticks.  So I was reading another Yelpers review and he hit it right on the head with these.  Wrap was way too thick.   When the server brought them to the table my husband said "she brought us the wrong appetizer.  We ordered mozzarella sticks and she brought us egg rolls."  Then he took a bite and said, "nope, it's the right appetizer just different."  Different is being nice. Grilled chicken caeser salad:  Came with two pieces of pita bread with some sort of aeoli that had so much garlic on it I could smell it coming from the other side of the table.   Don't ask me how it tasted I couldn't tell you.  I'm allergic to seafood and didn't know if there were anchovies in it or not.  Club sandwich on sourdough with fries:  The sandwich itself was a joke.  I could have made a better club at home and the fries should not be called fries.  They were fry shaped but tasted like a chip.  And crunched like a chip.  And they were all overcooked and burnt.  Sad.Chicken ranch chopped salad:  I was in the mood for wings and a salad.  Another disappointment.  I told the server I wanted buffalo chicken on the salad instead of grilled chicken.  She was very inquisitive on whether I wanted the fried chicken like what's on the buffalo chicken salad or if I wanted grilled chicken tossed in wing sauce?  I told her grilled and tossed.  What did I get?  Grilled chicken with a huge ladle of wing sauce poured on top.  Yeah, the lettuce was literally swimming in wing sauce.  Here's what inquiry minds want to know. For those of us who are foodies and like to explore new places and things, why isn't the management staff reviewing these reviews to see what the heck is going on in their own backyard?  They might learn a thing or two about what people are saying and start opening their eyes to what is happening on the floor and in the kitchen.   I guess after re-reading this review the trick to getting through a meal here is in the alcohol.  You must have to drink your way through a meal because the taste is so bad.  Unfortunately I wasn't in a drinking mood tonight.In closing, you will see that I did not check into this location.  There was a reason for that.  Because our experience was so bad, I didn't want any of my friends to know I was here.  I only hope that my review will help others make informed decisions on how they spend their money on a meal.  Their profiles says that they are family owned and operated since 1993, well they better reel in the family because it seems that they are rather checked out.
1	Classic sports bat.... ordered the wings "very spicy" and why say "very spicy" it lives up to its name. I was able to eat a few of them before i left and here is when the awesome experience turned into a horrible nightmare. I was on the freeway heading towards east mesa when i discovered i had pulled the classic "left the restaurant with out the to go box" So I figured I would just call and have the kind manager give me a voucher or comp the next order. Boy was I wrong..... I spoke to a lady who said she spoke to the manager and they refused my comp and offered me to bust a u turn and come right back. Im shocked that a newly opened store would see the value of customer service. This is a deal breaker for me, with so many competing sports bar's a simple asshole manager and his business degree doesn't realize the impact one person can have on the business. So i hope people read this and take caution on their next sports bar choice.
2	I want a jim and coke in pint glass....no we dont serve like that.....well wont come back ever. ..such not  a big deal....
4	Great place for wings! Service is usually good. Some days i have to wait a bit. Best place for drinks!
3	I like the environment (typical sports bar). I visited this past Sunday around noon with my boyfriend and his friends. They ordered the burgers and those looked great. My boyfriends onion rings came out a little on the cool side, but still tasted pretty good. I ended up trying the Chicken Roll-ups on the appetizer menu and was very disappointed. They were bland as was the jalapeno sauce that came on the side. I've had food there before and liked it, but these roll-ups are not something I will ever order again.
2	Our family went here for the first time due to some gift certificates we received.  My son ordered the BBQ Bacon burger and onion rings and loved it! My husband ordered the Mushroom Swiss Burger with fries.  Fries were a soggy and not seasoned well.  Burger comes plain with no mayo or lettuce or anything.  Although the burger itself was juicy, lack of condiments made it really dry.  I ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger.  The burger was juicy but had the same problem with it being dry due to lack of mayo or anything.  It did come with lettuce, onion, and pickle.  The fries were a big disappointment.  I scored this place so low due to the fact we ordered ranch dressing on the side and we were not told they charged 50 cents per small container of it.  When we got our bill and noticed the charge of $1.50 we questioned it and that's when we were told about the 50 cent charge.  Really? come on! Who charges for a side of ranch? The waitress didn't seem to care about the complaint just that they charge due to the fact it was made from scratch and the prices they charge for burgers doesn't offset condiment charges blah, blah, blah.  By the time you add fries, which are charged separately, and the burger, I could get the same meal price anywhere without the added ranch charge! Anyways, the manager took two of the side of ranches off begrudgingly I might add.  All I got to say is if you are going to charge for a condiment that normally comes free at other places, you should tell the customer.  It definitely wasn't worth 50 cents for the size! I feel like restaurants like this that nickel and dime you and charge separately for everything are not giving you a meal that has value. I still have $10.00 left on a certificate that unfortunately will go to waste as we won't be back due to this undisclosed nickel and dime charge and attitude we received when we asked about it.  This establishment needs to train personnel better on telling people about the ranch charges!
5	Excellent service in the bar with Tony.  Love the Steins of beer. Love sitting at the bar. They are great remembering who you are.
4	I love their Zipps golden wings. Their burgers are really good too. Also tried the nachos which were good too. I will be back
3	I come here a lot and wonder why every time. I love the atmosphere and the food is great, but for being a regular, I'm sick of being penalized for weighing a mere 113 lbs and not being able to consume my own meal. If I wanted extra food, I would order extra food. No! I share at every restaurant I go to merely because I am incapable of consuming large amount of food. Here, if you share, they charge you extra and bring u extra! Wtf! I have money. I am not trying to be a cheap skate. I don't want it. So don't penalize me for it. On top of that, I order your expensive beer.  This place needs to stop overcharging because a person doesn't order as much good as they think they should!
1	I recently moved to the Farm House Meadows right down the street from the Gilbert Zipps. I was excited when I came for the first time last Sunday! The bar tender was great, the patrons were friendly, and the food was delicious! I had such a good time playing pool, shuffle board, and hanging out I came back Monday with one of the guys on my Landscaping Team! We had such a great time we stayed from 7-11 shooting pool, playing music on the juke box, and enjoying a large meal! Our server Tanya, was amazing she had a huge section to attend to, but did such an amazing job that you would have thought we were her only table.With the above said, my mind was blown when Sebastian (the same person who was there with me Monday) and I returned Thursday! While I went to the quarter machine to make change for pool and the juke box, the server informed Sebastian that he needed to be 21 yrs of age to shoot pool at that time or even be in the restaurant. He told me about the rule which we were unaware of. We were hungry and ready to eat, and bummed out cause we rode our bikes there. I asked to speak to the manager to ask if he could make an exception and allow us to eat dinner on the patio, out of the bar area. He informed me of the strict company policy that he needed to adhere to and that there was no way we could stay. At that point I understood the policy and respected the rules. I politely asked to have  the 15 dollars in quarters I had got exchanged for cash (as I rode my bike and did want to loose the coins on the ride home). He then rudely said, "I would have to roll all those quarters, and I don't have time for that." I said are you kidding me?!!! And he said yes I can't make change for those quarters unless YOU roll them for us! At that point I lost my cool and was very frustrated. I told the manager I would take my business elsewhere and would never be back again! He just said ok and walked into his office.... Wow my mind was blown!!!Our server from the other night Tanya, observed my frustration with the manager, and asked what happened? I told her and she on her own time, as she had just clocked out, took my quarters, apologized for the manager and said I hope you guys do come back! I highly doubt that we will be back! But if we do come back it won't be on the Thursday night managers shift!!!  I'm not sure, but maybe you should start "making time" for customer service, because I don't have time for that B.S.!!!!!!!
5	I'm giving this 5 stars simply because Zipps is one of my favorite spots in the area. Their service is great, burgers, golden-hot wings and nightly after 8 specials are awesome as well. This is one of those places you start to crave if you haven't been in a while. The only thing I would change about this spot is their patio. It's big, they've expanded, but it's easy to be forgotten/neglected out there. Other than that, when I'm in Gilbert and looking for a good time, we go to Zipps.
4	We end up here for happy hour every time we come to town.  This isn't hard to do because there are very few times when it isn't happy hour!  Happy hour (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zipps-sports-grill-gilbert?select=Cg2nS620f_2PGGURRIaSBQ#8v17XvtYO3bD7YJf5NQgUA) M-F 3-7pm, Sat & Sun 11am-4pm, nightly 8pm-close with various specials (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zipps-sports-grill-gilbert?select=Cg2nS620f_2PGGURRIaSBQ#H4Dm_6EeG8kns9EVvPH_cw).All of the tables have seemingly brand new, full ketchup and mustard bottles which is so refreshing (although we were there at 11:30am)!  I hate when I'm eating bar food with my fingers and have to touch some bottle that looks and feels like it has been touched by hundreds of other people who were also eating with their greasy hands!  GROSS!Overall, a good sports bar with lots of TV's, lots of drink specials and some food specials.  Cleaner than a divey sports bar - YAY!
3	So I'm in town for spring training and looking for a place to watch the opening Sunday night baseball game. ...and we found ourselves at Zipps. For a sports bar, they get big credit for the number of TV's and the variety of sports on. The game on the largest screen was in fact the baseball game. On other tv's you could find the Suns/Lakers game, college baseball, college hockey, and MMA. The Tv's were high enough and placed well so you could watch the game/s you were interested in. The place was not crowded but the wait staff seemed overworked. (Or perhaps just slow.) They were pleasant enough. The food was hit and miss. I had the BBQ burger and fries. Friend #1 had the same but with sweet potato chips and friend #2 had the chicken sandwich with onion rings. We were happy with the burgers. Cooked well, with bacon and an onion ring. I expected it to be messy and it didn't disappoint. The BBQ sauce was tasty. Fries were average and the chips were tasty. On the other hand the chicken sandwich was bland and friend #2 said, "these are the worst onion rings I have ever had." I have eaten with her many times and consider her an onion ring connoisseur. Overall, this was an average experience. If I'm back in the area again, I would be willing to come back but I'm not going out of my way to come here.
4	This is like the Cheers of Gilbert in this neighborhood. Great team that works here too. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is for the lack of lunchtime specials!!!!
4	Came for NCAA March Madness. Busy, sports bar food, good drinks. Exactly what you are looking for. Lots of TV which is great!
5	best place, go there all the time.  my favorite. Atmosphere food and fun. Bartenders great and good service.
1	Went to zipps saturday, food was ok, the service was horrible, server disappeared, v ould not locate her to get refills, bill etc, oh did come by the table once to see if everything was good, did not even get a chance to take a bite!!!!
4	I visit Zipps on a regular basis and can report they are consistently wonderful.  The daily specials are a great deal and the servers are very courteous and professional. I'd give them five stars if there were more food specials during happy hour.
3	Hot wing sauce hot and suicide are hot. It will affect your bowel movements if you aren't use to it. Suicide is sour, lots of black char in the sauce, and spicy. Hot is hot and with good flavor. Prefer hot over suicide any day. I usually ask for a side of the sauce.The side salad is a pretty good size.The pizza is described as thin and crispy. It was thin, but no crispy. Was not pleased.Service, a little slow and when you need someone they are no where to be found.
5	Coldest beer around, and great burgers. Everything on the menu is good, staff is always attentive. I love to get the thousand island burger with fresh chopped jalepenos. Pool tables and shuffle board always make for a good time, whenever there's not a game on one of the many giant tvs.
2	No drink menu, very small and weak selection of beers, very bland food. The focaccias are dry and come in a stale tortilla.  The burgers are unseasoned and bland, it's like chewing meat your 6 year old made. Onion rings and French fries are soggy. The only redeeming factor is their wings, and those are pretty expensive at $1 a piece.
2	Tried the Big Zipp with high expectations, only to find that the sauce was lacking and they completely forgot the pickles mentioned in the description. The beef patty itself was bland, not to mention tasteless onion rings. Unusual that they don't even have a drink menu, either. Their only redeeming qualities are relatively good wings and location.
4	4 stars... The good stuff: awesome wings, pizza, fries, and great place to watch The Game. Their beers are giant and their zipparitas are deeelicious (and potent, you're cut off after 3.) The service is good. They usually have some kind of special or deal.The not so good stuff: their mozzarella sticks are not a typical mozz stick- it's more like an egg roll? And gross and weird with marinara sauce that was too sweet. They charge for extra ranch which I find really nit-picky cuz it's charged at 50 cents per extra cup. It's not the price, it's the premise.  It just looks "cheap," and the first time was an unpleasant surprise on our bill- maybe encourage the servers to forewarn about the upcharge? It's only 50 cents but still. Their "hot" wing sauce was really good and they warn you about how hot it is. I ate it fine, it was really tasty actually,  but whatever spices they pack in there really upset my stomach for the rest of the day. So let's try to dial it back a bit? Killing the stomach lining of customers should be avoided ;).Anywho, all of the locations tend to run about the same as far as consistency so that's another plus. Check em out!
3	Great burger, average everything else.  Packed house on a Friday evening and it took a while to get a table which is a positive on their end, they have a great built in clientele.  Atmosphere is a little cookie cutter family restaurant looking.  We'll be back but aren't making it a priority.
1	What a disappointment. I hear friends talking about Zipps a lot so I figured I might as well try it. After waiting approx. 30 mins for a table for 6, we placed our orders the first time our server came by the table. When the food finally came they got 2 orders wrong. One of my guests ordered extra hot wings and received hot and my son ordered onion rings with his food and got fries instead. I don't mind an occasional slip up but after waiting 30 mins just to get a table on a Thursday evening and to get multiple orders incorrect I was understandably upset. Needless to say I won't be coming back.
2	What a shit hole..service was so so..not to great and not to bad..I had a 18" worst pizza ever..should of known when the menu is from Italian food to wings to mexican food?..other then the $2.00 beers I wouldn't come here to eat..This is my 2nd time here and the burger was greasy the 1st time..3 strikes your out..
1	Terrible experience yesterday!  We went specifically to watch the Arizona Rattlers win the Arena Bowl and had to beg and plead for them to put the game on. After finally convincing them to put the game on in order for us to get sound to the game we had to ask other fans there to request the same thing, since they told us we weren't enough of a majority to make it worth their while.  When we arrived we were one of only a few tables there....seemed that they would have rather played 80's rock music instead of supporting one of our Arizona teams.  The manager Brian was extremely rude and refused to accommodate us.  The service was mediocre and the food was the same.  We only went there to watch the game...we called ahead and stopped in a couple days prior to be sure they would be playing it, but it seemed to be such an inconvenience once we arrived.  Will never be back to that location for sure.
4	Great bang for the buck.  Wife and I had 2 drinks each and split 3 apps and the bill was under $40.  Amber was very friendly and the Bloody Mary was excellent.  I would recommend this place for its food and cold beer and great service.
1	If I could give this place a zero stars I would. We went there to watch the ASU football game yesterday with a couple friends. We ordered wings, a basket if fries any some cocktails. Let me start off with the food. The wings and the fries were dry, greasy, and cold. We waited forever to get our cocktails. The waitress never checked on us while we were waiting. She was unfriendly almost rude. I will not go back there again.
2	Poor taste!  We love this place but the male bartender is wearing a U of A hat while ASU playing, not Tucson. Poor choice for sales.
2	We like Zipps, but they've gotten rid of all their good beer. Bring back some hoppy IPA's on draft, NOT in a bottle and we'll come back. This used to be our place to go for good beer and OK food...now, we'll find a different spot since the beer is lacking.
3	Went for Sunday football and there were tons of TVs to choose from.  The drinks were on sale but there was no sale on the food which is why I only gave it 3 stars.  I had the chicken skewers and they were delicious.  The waitress was friendly and the service was good.  The atmosphere was crazy and loud but that is what is to be expected of a sports bar on a sunday in October.  We will return but only for Happy Hour.
4	I love this place for happy hour or watching the game, usually happens to be pro or college football for me. They have good beer specials and wings are great (golden style medium hot). I haven't had too many of the menu entrees, but I have had some of their "focaccia" sandwich things and they are pretty good. I personally wasn't a fan of the sweet potato chips we got on the side once though. All in all a good sports bar, great happy hour/specials, and great wings. It's one of our go-to's to catch any sports games.
4	The food here is on point and they have the best happy hour prices and options. This is intend the few places I order different things from wings (golden medium sauce is the best), chicken skewers, focaccia, burgers. Yum my mouth is watering thinking about it. HH prices for 32oz beers and mixed drinks are good as well. Lastly the service and management is polite and efficient.
1	The food took 45 mins to come out.  It was all very bland and the fries were cold. The service was slow.
2	Just left the restaurant after coming to enjoy dinner as a family. My husband ordered wings, which 30 minutes later, still hasn't arrived. The rest of us at the table had finished our food before the waitress even came to check on us. She was surprised to find out that his food hadn't arrived... I couldn't believe it. She was counting on the food runners to do her job and she had nothing to say. Turns out they gave his food to the table behind us, which they selfishly accepted. 15 minutes later, the manager came over to apologize and said his meal would be comped (as it should be) but it took another 10 or so minutes for them to bring his food. When they did, my husband asked for an extra side of ranch, which, after all that, they charged us $0.50 for. Such a disappointment; needless to say I will not be coming back and I hope they get their customer service act together soon before they lose more customers.
5	Best food at a sports bar hands down. Our server Natalie is Amazing! Great personality, very attentive, and wonderful smile!
4	Not only the best wings in the state - best wings I've had anywhere! Love the Golden Medium wings!! The chicken skewers are delicious with a little breading and flavor to boot! Yummy, yummy! Only gets 4 starts because I visited the Gilbert location during the summer and the AC wasn't working.  There wasn't a courtesy sign hung at the entrance to let patrons know and they could've at least paid for our sodas or a drink since we were sitting in an enclosed hot restaurant.   It was a hot environment and the manager was a bit short with us when we asked about the AC.  Otherwise, I live this restaurant.  The Gilbert location is the best.  Didn't like how obnoxiously loud the Chandler location (Ocotillo & AZ Ave.) was the last 2 times I've visited.
4	Clean and comfortable.   Plenty of TVS top watch your favorite team.   Turkey burger was really good but sweet potato chips need some seasoning.
1	Service was really poor and the food was uneventful. Fries are overly greasy, and my soup tasted like salsa heated up with chicken added.
2	Service was off an on, for a few minutes they would check on us and serve us and then five minutes later they would be no where to be seen, when we first arrived we waited almost 10 minutes before even getting a drink and a menu, fries and onion rings were HORRIBLE. Worst I've ever eaten. Pizza is good, and fish tacos are alright. But I will not be returning. And seriously who doesn't have honey bbq or even just bbq wings. Seriously. Worst thing ever.
2	My beer was watery and service was not good. Our server obviously forgot to enter our food order into the computer, and never even apologized for her oversight. We prefer to grab a beer and watch sports at House of Brews right down the street.
