3	Lunch started off a little slow but I have to say that our waitress, a little punk rocker college student, was the most fun of our experience. What do you expect from Olive Garden? People droning on at work but she was very upbeat and made us feel comfortable.Food was the same as any other Olive Garden. I'd go again for the waitress.
3	Olive Garden Brings Out the Family in Me A family is a group of people who are closely related by birth, marriage, or adoption. Why tell you this? According to my recent experience at Olive Garden families are first when it comes to waiting tables and delivering the food. Now this is not a bad thing if you are a family eating at Olive Garden, but this could strike up a situation if you are eating by yourself or with another person.I went on a date with my girlfriend to Olive Garden this past week. The reason was to have a great meal and not to be surprised by something unusual. Upon arrival at the restaurant there was a cop car spotted in the parking lot trying to catch the intoxicated driving home. This is not something you want to see outside the place you are eating at. The host, who looked older than the greeters at Wal-Mart, released appalling breath when she gave her initial greeting. The smell was so shameful I almost lost my appetite. Breath mints anyone? I asked for a booth which was apparently wrong. She gave a look of disgust while telling us to wait here a minute so she could check and see if one was open. We got seated at a booth next to two parties of at least 8 or more people at each table. The waiter went back and forth between the two tables not even acknowledging us when he passed. About ten minutes went by before the waiter took our drink orders. The next thing I knew it was another fifteen minutes before he came back to the table because the food came out for the parties and he had to serve them first. Once he took the food orders however, the service greatly improved. Families and parties of people that come into Olive Garden to eat seem to get the most attention from the servers. Maybe because of the tip or the style of the restaurant it is, but after those two tables left the service was great. This family oriented restaurant seems to have a great atmosphere, great service, great price, and great food. The only thing is at this restaurant families come first. The atmosphere at Oliver Garden was superior. A bunch of fake plants hanging form the ceiling and the wallpaper which looked as if it was put in a tanning bed. The music slightly turned down to a whisper in your ear. The plush cotton in the booth gives you a feeling of ease and relaxation. The spacing between tables takes you into private conversations and romantic situations. The prices were outstanding if you go online to their website and print off a five dollar coupon. The portion size is big enough to fill you up, but not enough for a doggy bag. The meal was hot and served to our liking costing around $30 for two. I always have bad luck when I go into restaurants. I always find something wrong, but I brush it off my shoulders and go on about my life. I try to look at the best in each situation, for instance, when we got great service after the two big tables left. Take the time to relax and eat some good food. That is why you go to a restaurant, not to pick apart everything they did wrong.
4	I am a long time fan of Olive Garden's minestrone soup and salads! The wait staff was superb and the food was great!  I noticed there were several new items on the menu, but couldn't resist sticking with the familiar. I decided to eat at this establishment on last time before they close in two weeks and relocating to Monroe.
5	Love the never ending pasta bowl, and Mark was a great waiter.Had the Moscato with lunch and it was great.  Peach undertone favor, and again, you can never go wrong with the OG!! LOL
