5	I am very happy that I stumbled upon this store. The owners are knowledgeable, kind, patient and are genuinely interested in your pet's needs. I was surprised when one of the owners came up and started up a conversation about the different dried products and bully sticks they carried. Every time I go there I learn more about their products and find new items that my puppy loves. I highly recommend checking this place out. You will not be disappointed!
5	A really great store!  The owner was very helpful in helping me find a food my dog really liked - and that was good for her!  I am really happy that I found this store and expect that my dog will live a longer, healthier life!
5	This is a wonderful store with fantastic service. They have a wide variety of quality pet foods and treats and lots of other goodies.
5	Best customer service ever!!!! They are actually concerned about your pets well being and not driven by making money. The person working during our visit (possibly the owner) gave us so much good info on nutrition and how different ingredients break down in my puppies tummy. He looked up the ingredients of the food I feed my dog from from another pet chain and said it was good quality food, I was so impressed he didn't do the hard sell for his own products. I did buy some treats that I cant find in my local store and they had a small selection of toys. We were in Las Vegas for vacation when we found this store and are already planning another trip so we can visit Healthy Tails again!
5	I found this place after I started buying organic dog food for my Shih Tzu, Marley.  It's a little pet store that has a lot to offer.  The place is immaculate, the customer service is top-notch, and they have Hershey kisses at the register for the humans--what more can you want?  I'm no expert on organic eats for pets, but this store seems to have a huge selection of just that, as well as toys, leashes, etc.  It's also right around the corner from me, so if you live in the Summerlin area, I highly recommend you check out Healthy Tails for your pets.
5	Very knowledgable and friendly staff.  I have a dog with allergies and a sensitive stomach and they were great in pointing me out to a few different foods that would be suitable for her.  They have a wide array of samples as well.  Great treat and toy selection as well.  I'd definitely recommend to any dog owner. This place pretty much has it all.
5	If you really want to feed your dog/cat the best stuff, COME HERE. Wow. This place is AMAZING for your furry four legged pets.I came here because of the high ratings everyone gave the store on Yelp. I was like why not, I'm in Vegas and need a go to pet store here. So very glad I have one here now.I was a little skeptical at first when I walked into the store because they carried a lot of brands I have never heard of. Like Go!, California Natural, Acana, etc. etc. All the organic healthy stuff for your pets including odd treats like cow tail, cow cheek, salmon skin, etc. All at a reasonable price. (:The employees (I saw the same two, the three times I visited in a week) are super knowledgable and friendly. They love giving out treats and they have great recommendations. They have a pet profile in which they just gather your name and your pet's name and breed and keep track of the things you buy. So that if there is ever a recall on the product, they will call or email you immediately and let you know!I told them my GSD was a picky eater and they gave us a free sample (.5lb bag of Go!) to test. They have lots of samples because they believe in letting your furry four legged friend try the food and like it before you purchase a whole bag! So you are definitely getting your money's worth! And with every purchase, they always stick in a handful of treats (; I just wish they had this store in the Bay Area. ): ):  But I'll be back when I'm in Vegas!!
5	I have been going to Healthy Tails on and off for years. Originally I discovered the store because my Grandparents had rave reviews from their own experiences.  The store isn't close to me at all, and not convenient enough to buy our dog food there as we are in the SW, but if I lived in Summerlin I'd buy everything here.Currently I stop in when Afton is working, as she is always full of great information,  whether nutrition based or behavior based advice.
5	I came here looking for a suitable raw food to start transitioning my adopted cat onto. I walked in, and browsed around for a minute or two, just to look at all the products they had! Such a great selection! More importantly, these guys know what they are selling and are more than happy to assist and direct you to the products that will help you and your pet the best.Mike was so awesome and helpful! I was looking at the frozen raw cat food, and asked since I (and my cat) was new to this, if they had a smaller size (the one I was looking at was 3 lbs.) and without blinking, he offered me a free smaller sample of frozen raw food. This way, I didn't have to waste money figuring out which would go over best with my cat. He was also so kind and gave me a handful of other samples of freeze-dried raw food, which can be reconstituted with water. I was so excited! Now that I had options for kitty without spending a fortune!So to sum it up, this foray into a better diet and ultimately, a better life for my cat, was made painless and stress-free thanks to the wonderful and informative owners at Healthy Tails! Check them out!
5	I can't believe I have never reviewed this place. I have been coming here for years. This is the best place in town if you want the good stuff for your dog and cat. The owners are 2 brothers and they are very nice. The staff is also very knowledgeable about everything.My dog was very sick all of the time and it turns out he just needed the right food. This place guided me in the right direction and now my dog is 100% better. Just recently discovered that my dog got a sunburn and Healthy Tails was their to rescue me again. Got the sunscreen and after spray care and now he is just fine.They also have really cute toys and a great selection of organic treats.
5	We first came here when they were first open.  There was a woman working here that made us never want to come back.  A friend of mine told me that they are carrying a denta-treat product that reduces tartar on dogs teeth.  We decided to come back to try the product, since my dogs really fight us when we try to brush their teeth.  We found the owner and his brother there, and they were very helpful.  Not only did they get us the enzyme that cleans our dogs teeth, they helped us find some treat for joints and other ailments our dogs have.  I will never buy another treat from the grocery store for my dogs.
5	Love this store! Such a courteous and knowledgeable staff. You can tell how much they care about the health of your pets by their willingness to let you try some products before you buy, because they really want to help you get it right! As a new customer this helped me tremendously because my pet has health and diet issues.Also, love the green grass-looking tile floor and the store is very bright and cheery. It's a fun place.
5	Incredibly knowledgeable and super friendly. Highly recommended!
5	This is my favorite place to get dog food and all natural treats. Everyone that works here is super helpful and knowledgable about the foods and supplements. They are always offering samples to let me try if I'm not sure about something and carry the best of the best in all natural holistic pet foods including raw options. Definitely the place to go if you want the best for your fur babies!
5	Amazing service! The owners are some of the best business owners I have the privilege of knowing in this city. You are always greeted upon entering, and the help and knowledge is incomparable. My new adopted cat was fussy about her food and treats and they were so good to take the unused portions back in exchange for food our cat liked. Prices are very reasonable and with service like I get here I would pay no matter what.
5	In my search for dogie stores I came across this one in summerlin. I live in summerlin so this is very convenient for me. I met with Michael ,who is one of the owners with his brother. First thing that I noticed is that most of the food he carries in the store is unique. The food products are second to none. But here is the best part,michael took me through nutrition 101 like a professor of bark university. I mean I have met some very nice people in stores of this kind but this was a real education. He spent at least 30 minutes with me explaining grades,nutritional values,toys..etc. Since it was my first time i really didn't know what coco would like or not like,so i bought a few items,but here is a real example of building loyal clients,I was given generous amounts of samples from several different product lines.This is a very powerful motivational tool to encourage me to make this my go to for coco. I mean some of this stuff looks good enough for human consumption. So far I have given her about 75% of the samples and she has not walked away from any of it.I am at the stage where she is a puppy and i want to ween her to more dry food to help with poopies. At the same time i want her to have the best food available.This morning i gave her a sample of 4 different dry kibbles from one supplier and she liked all of them so I made her a mixture of all four for her breakfast. I also noticed after giving her one of the canned foods last night that her stools are much firmer,which to me indicates the wholesome nature of the food.She had brots and tots last night,when i opened the can i was really impressed,solid chunks of meat with gravy that contained various vegetables.I know a few people who probably wouldn't mind that for dinner..lol..well nothings too good for my little princess.The experience i had with this store was first class from top to bottom! 6 stars!
5	The 2 owners and the employees care about you and your pets.  We purchased some dog food and the dogs did not like it.  They took it back no challenge.  They always are helpful and willing to go the extra mile.  I don't know what more I would want.
5	I go out of my way to shop here, I live a few blocks from a similar boutique, but the customer service & product knowledge is exceptional. It's such a treat, like a throwback to the way service used to be. My cats food was recalled twice & they made sure the transition to another brand went smoothly & never sold the recalled brand again. They really care & I feel lucky to have found this store. They have a customer for life in me, make it a point to stop by there, you won't regret it!
5	I just recently moved down to Cheyenne & Buffalo and was in need of some quality dry food for my newly purchased blue heeler. I did a quick yelp search and found this gem that was located conveniently close to my condo! I was greeted immediately upon entering by Mike, one of the store owners. He was very knowledgeable and gave me a tour of pretty much the whole shop. This place is great because all of the food that is sold here is made with wholesome ingredients, most that you would even eat yourself. Mike wanted to give me a couple of samples (enough dog food to last 2 weeks actually) because he didn't believe in people "wasting their money." Once he said that, I knew he was a good person at heart. He even gave me a solid education on what constitutes good dog food and the meanings of certain ingredients in processed dog food. I told him that the breeder I picked up my blue heeler from fed my puppy only puppy chow, and I asked what that was. He told me it was a Purina brand wet canned food that wasn't all too good. He took the time to hop onto the Purina site and had me come behind the counter to go over the ingredients with him. I spent almost a half hour in there, but I felt like I learned a great deal of information in the process. Definitely a loyal customer now!
5	I always went to Healthy Tails to purchase quality dog treats and pet accessories.  Always greeted me with a sincere smile and verbal greeting.  The best thing for me is they carry the Ezy Dog brand leashes which have nice handles and extensions on them which is great for controlling and walking my Shiloh Shepherd and two German Shepherd dogs.
5	Staff was super knowledgeable and attentive, walked me through the store and helped me pick out food for my puppy as well as make several suggestions on future purchases as my baby grows. Can't wait to go back and bring the pup with me! Such a great shop!
5	We love Healthy Tails beause they have a lot of trial size of dog food - our dog is only six pounds and eat so little, that a typical 5lb bag would take more than a month to consume.And the selections! We always check Dog Food Advisor before purchase new items but were pleased to find that it's easy to find 5-star brands here. If you seriously care about the quality of the dog food, this is the place to go.
5	I can't believe I've lived here for a year and only found this store as I'm moving. Amazing customer service, owner and the other employee were incredibly nice and helpful. Great range of products, I will definitely be back, even though it will be a cross town drive instead of down the street. If you're looking for a health food store (and plan for those kind of prices) for your pet, be sure to check this place out!
5	My dog has had issues with grains and some vegie's going through her digestive track recently. I did get an allergy test which tells me specifically what shes allergic to. Mike was very helpful and spent the time in looking through different foods for ingredients with me. The service was exceptional!!
5	Very attractive store front in a nice plaza- I was expecting an old- style feed store but was pleasantly surprised! One of the owners assisted me and was very polite- complete with carrying the food out to my truck for me. He also took my name and number in case of a recall AND gave me treats for our Boy. He also made it a point to tell me that our Boy was always welcome at their store. I'm in love!
5	The staff were extremely helpful in answering my questions. They took the time to make sure that we had all our questions addressed. We are in the process of switching our two chihuahuas from homemade food to raw food! Their selection of raw products was great. For those that think this is costly! Trust me... We spend about $70 for a 2week batch of fresh homemade food. The prices are not bad at all. We will continue to return! The first meal went well tonight:-)
5	Every time I come to this store it is a great experience. The owner and other employees are always so friendly and helpful. When I was searching for a new dog food, I received 3 samples from them free of charge. They have a great selection of toys and natural treats, even a water bowl-fountain at the entrance. My dog is always welcomed and always leaves with free treats. Highly recommend!
5	This place is absolutely amazing! I'm so lucky to live so close by. I recently got a puppy and had no clue what to feed it or how much. Mike was very helpful and had great suggestions on what brands he recommended. I've only had my puppy for a little over two weeks and I've been here four times already! They've got great treats, food, toys, anything you could possibly want for your little friend.I would give this place 10 stars if I could just by the staff alone!
5	The people at this store are the best.  They are helpful, knowledgable, and generous with their time.  We go here all the time.  Yeah Healthy Tails!
