2	Stopped in here Friday night August 30th for a look around. While the novelty is good for those who have a sweet tooth it's a bit overpriced and what really turned me off was that they had canisters full of candy that you help your self to bag.. was when a few young kids with their parents were putting their hand in every container playing with the candy then proceeded to drop a handful on the ground only to have their parents pick it up and put it back in the jar.. yuck.. did mention to the employee though not sure of anything was done.. just a suggestion is to maybe do with the help yourself and let a employee who has sanitary gloves on get the candy vs helping yourself.
5	Note to management, the crew you had working the evening of 9/6/13 were top notch!  My family and I stopped in after having dinner at West Gate and were totally entertained by your staff.   The only male employee that I could see made my wife and I laugh so hard.  He was so warm that we felt we knew him for years!  I hope these kids get recognized for excellent customer service.
5	Holy moly! Gummy bears as far as the eye can see! My friend and I happened upon this awesome shop when we were wandering around Westgate one night. First of all, I love the logo. The little devil tail is so fitting! So many nice things (and a few naughty things. Not everything is appropriate for children). It's like being on a sugar high when you wander in. It's hard to focus on just one thing. Tons of different kinds of candy are everywhere, as well as fun novelty items. You'll find yourself saying, "I want that!" over and over again. Love love love this shop. Can't wait for a return trip!
3	Place is well lit, lots of various types of candies but service is lacking a bit.  All the "candy stores" I've ever been to have very chipper employees ready to help you with anything.  Here, the lady just said hi and moved on with her day.  It's a nice place to buy some candy to sneak into the movies but I wouldn't come here specifically to get anything.  Bonus: they have GIANT Snicker bars.  Seriously, they are ginormous.
5	How can you give anything less than 5 stars for a kick ass candy store with awesome items like Grumpy Cat and Ted the Bear. You can also find really neat candy that you will not find any where else.
3	Brings you back to childhood memoriesI really enjoyed looking at all the sweets at "It's Sugar".  I was able to take care of my jelly bean craving and also take advantage of the chocolate section (covered pecans and cashews)."It's Sugar" has a variety of novelty candy items, I always try to get something for my coworkers. Giant candy bars, giant gummy bears, nostalgic candy, it's great, and the prices are inline with typical candy store.
3	Your typical candy shop. Grab a bag and go nuts. I favored the chocolate over the others; dark chocolate espresso beans were yum. Chocolate covered marshmallows reminded me of Milky Ways. I would have liked more options of dark chocolate items and more M&Ms. Got some Swedish fish which were good. Fun place to shop and check out.
