4	I am shocked that someone has not written a review on this fantastic business yet! My Mother was in town visiting and I wanted to make sure that we did things "outside the box" and Wine and Design seemed like the perfect night out. We participated in their "Paint your Pet" night and it was a wonderful experience. At each class you are welcome to bring your own wine and the studio provides you with everything you need to open, pour and drink while you paint. Paint your Pet is run a little differently than some of their other classes, in this class you send in a photo that you would like to paint and it is screen printed on your canvas before you arrive. The Instructor moves around the class with more individual direction since each photo and pet is different. At first glance, the task of painting my image seemed overwhelming, but the more the wine flowed and the instructors encouraged me the paint seemed to flow right off my brush in artistic ways I never knew existed. My Mother and I were thrilled with the results and even more with the experience. The owners are sweet and have a visible presence in their business, which makes me want to support them even more. If you are looking for a fun night out, both men and women will enjoy getting a little tipsy and creative.
5	I attended Elephant night. The artist was super friendly and helped me customize my painting the way I wanted it to look. The owners (who I know personally) provided some really good food. There was plenty of wine. It exceeded my expectations. Great place for a different kind of night out.
5	I LOVE Wine & Design, have been going for months and months, and am kind of surprised it's taken me this long to write a review.  The owners, Sarah and Heather, pretty much live there.  It's awesome to always know you can get in touch with one of them, not a bunch of employees who never know what's going on because there's no communication.  The booking system is so simple- go to the website (wineanddesignus.com), choose the city, choose the painting, fill in basic contact info, and you're done.  The classes themselves vary in difficulty, but overall seem beginner-level and are very painter-friendly.  The artists are knowledgeable, approachable, and super helpful- they even have a way of explaining things through the guided class that make sense.  I love that at the end of class, everyone leaves with their own unique piece of art, even though they all started as the same rough sketch.  A group picture is taken at the end of class and emailed to you , along with a survey, early the next day so that your bragging can begin immediately.  Within a few days, the photo is also uploaded to Facebook.  While in class, you are free to walk up to the stage to get a closer look at the finished "guide" painting, refill your wine, or get a snack (usually provided).  It is a very laid back atmosphere, and while I'm there, I have no time (or desire) to even think about anything else.  It's a perfect spot for "me time."  It can also be rented for a private party where you can choose from one of the 3,000 paintings in the W&D portfolio (or even ask if they'd be able to make one custom for your event/theme). I have a fantastic experience every time I go and highly recommend it to everyone.
5	So much fun.  Never painted before and now I have several paintings on my wall that I am quite proud of.
4	I attended a paint party at Wine and Design. The studio is quite nice and bright. As someone that has never painted before I was concerned this would be really difficult especially after a glass or two of wine.  It was not at all. The painter was great and gave clear step by step instructions for us slow people. She was also very helpful when I couldn't get somethings just right. I can't wait to go back again.
5	Wine and Design is my FAVORITE place in Charlotte, and I try to go at least once a month. W&D is my "place"- I "selfishly" block this time each month to do something just for me. It's fun, relaxing, and I come away with something unique that I've created, under the direction of fabulous artists that work with you to make your painting a masterpiece. The owners are two truly phenomenal young women, the leading artists are amazing, and the studio is always hosting fundraising painting events for local non-profits in Charlotte. Also, I've visited other painting and wine studios in Charlotte, and Wine and Design stands out in two ways: the people (owners and artists who are above and beyond any expectations), and the paintings (great instruction from the artists, and truly beautiful paintings). They deserve 5 stars, for sure! Keep up the great work, Wine and Design Charlotte!!
4	I like Wine and Design for their unique painting offerings that just look like fun. This was actually my second time at Wine and Design, both times with Frank teaching, and both times painting something Charlotte related. This BYOB painting is a little different then my normal place Cajun Canvas. One of the big differences is just teaching styles. Frank has the ability to paint something very quickly, and if you're taking your time you can get lost pretty quickly. I've learned that when he is painting just to stop and watch. He will probably only being demonstrating 3 minutes at a time, and a lot of the time people are concerned with what their doing and do not look up at him. His teaching style is just to paint, piece by piece, and then walk around after each piece to help people. At Cajun the classes are 2.5 hours of instruction, and at Wine and Design it is 2 hours of instruction. I say this because both times at the end of 2 hours, most people aren't finished, but Frank is very nice and allows people to stay as long as they need. One thing I'm not too fond of is that everyone is on a stool. I would prefer the option of a chair, I just think they are more comfortable and I like the angle of painting on the canvas better in a chair, if I need to stand up I will. At the end of the class everyone takes a picture which is sent to your email and posted on their Facebook page, a nice keepsake option. If you are a beginner, taking this class for fun, and not very artistic, please choose a simple painting, and just have fun with it!
5	My friends and I came in to town from the Chapel Hill area for a bachelorette party. We organized a private party at Wine and Design to go from 5-7 pm before we went out to dinner....and then I-85 was a parking lot, and we got in to town at 4:45. The bachelorette, who didn't know where we were going since it was a surprise, was late to meet us at the hotel. We called Wine and Design in advance to let them know we were running behind, I said 15 minutes. In the end we were like, an insane 45 minutes late. Heather at Wine and Design was as cool as a cucumber. She had a party scheduled after us at 8, but knew just how to time the pacing of walking us through our paintings so that we still finished (relatively) on time. She was just the perfect mix of encouraging us to move along and allowing for us to chit chat and socialize. She handled our timing snafu with the most amazing amount of grace and calm; we could not have asked for a better start to the evening. Not to mention the wonderful experience we had painting- help when we needed it, great encouragement, in a beautiful studio with great windows and lighting. We all left with a great piece of art. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Wine and Design Charlotte again to ANYONE planning a private party - you will not be disappointed.
5	Great for small and large groups!  The instructor was so helpful!!!
5	Wine & Design is great for anyone looking for a date night or a group activity. Not much beats drinking some wine/beer with friends and painting Charlotte Starry Night or a Picasso of your date. While I have precisely zero artistic abilities, both pieces I've done turned out well. They guide you through the painting one step at a time and really encourage you the entire time. Each teacher we've had has been great. And if you've got kids, it's a perfect place as well. Sit back, drink some wine, and let your kids go to town on a canvas.
5	This place is just so much fun -  probably best for groups. We had a great, easy-going instructor who made sure everyone was keeping up and having a good time. Looking forward to going back.
4	Some of these paintings are really neat!  I went to Wine & Design last night for the painting of the Charlotte direction signs.  Its a very casual atmosphere, you can BYOB and snacks.  They bring you all of the paint, brushes and rinse cups that you need.  All you need to do is put on your apron, pour a glass of wine and have a seat!I thought this was a neat set up, although sometimes it can be hard to watch the instructor as she paints depending on where you are seated.  The painting that we did was pretty straight forward, you could do all the shading in the world or none at all and it still looked pretty good when finished.  You have about 2 hours to paint, and I noticed that a lot of the students weren't done by the end of class.  They tell you that you can stay for as long as you need to, but clean up everything around you.  My brushes and paint were gone before I knew it.  I was really glad that we got there early, so that we didn't have any trouble sitting together, the room fills up pretty quickly.  The most important thing to remember is just to go with it.  This is time to relax, kick back and paint your style painting.  Enjoy yourself!
5	Best place for a girls night out! The owners and artists are so much fun.  They also do classes in awesome locations in addition to their studio on east blvd, I got to paint at NoDa Brewery last week and had a blast.
5	CAT was above and beyond Amazing!The Art Studio is in a great location and the ambiance is perfect. I mixed up my days, and showed up for the wrong painting! And the class was pretty full. Oops  But Cat allowed me to do the painting I was scheduled for the next day. And she was so sweet and helpful. She even let me stay a tad longer to add some detail. Thank you so much for a great evening!
