4	Located right next to the El Dorado Casino you can find something great happening here all year long from Winterfest, to Super Run to The Pacific Island Festival and lots more. We always have a good time here, they have an outdoor auditorium for events and they have picnic seating, food vendors and crafts, a water feature for the kids to play in, plus there is always great people and cheap beer.
4	This is a pretty nice little spot for concerts and shows. It is on the small side, so there really isn't a bad seat. And the sound is actually pretty good. And the shows are almost always free. So yeah, a good way to experience culture for free.
4	I'd never been to the Henderson Events Plaza before this past weekend.  I'd never even been on Water Street in Downtown Hendo before this past weekend.  I live almost 30 miles from the Henderson Events Plaza, which for Vegas means you might as well pack a lunch and plan a bathroom break on the way.  And as I stood in the Henderson Events Plaza, for the 2nd time in less than 24 hours AND for the 2nd time in my 33 years, I couldn't help but think about all the great music I've missed at this adorable little venue.  Located in the midst of a gaggle of Henderson city buildings, on what appears to be a positively quaint stretch of Main Street USA populated by local casinos and other various watering holes & businesses, the Henderson Events Plaza is just the right-sized outdoor venue for Las Vegas' sister suburb.  The stage stands a mere foot above a front row audience area; Kareem Abdul-Jabbar would still tower over any performers aside from maybe a Shaquille O'Neal monologue, which would be amazing, but I digress.  The sound was spot-on whether under the canopy, chilling on the 2 grassy areas past an outer walkway, or out on the concourse (except for some muddy vocals during Viva Ska Vegas, but I blame the sound guy for that,).  The lighting system would be roundly rejected by Pink Floyd but for whatever would really happen there it works.  When I went on Friday night (for a FREE New Orleans-style R&B act, Big Sam's Funky Nation,) temporary seats were arranged on the 3 levels undulating up from the stage.  When peeps were up & dancing the sight lines were good-not-great, so for shorter folk make sure you're on the edge of one of the levels or you will miss the action.Parking was free in the guest lot of the City Hall annex a short walk away, and there's even street parking right in front of the venue if you're an early bird.  The El Dorado Casino garage is close by too, which I assume is free.  It was kinda a fluke I learned about both events I attended, and I'm finding its still not easy uncovering H.E.P. events without having your ear already to the street.  Between their Facebook page and various city calendars hopefully no more cool events will slip past me, as I'd definitely pack a lunch to return to this hidden gem mini-amphitheater.
4	We have attend several free concert on a Friday that were sponsored by Target.  This venue is open aired, but is covered by a canopy.   A schedule of upcoming events may be found on the city's website.
4	I finally made it to the Farmer's market they have here at the Henderson Events Plaza every Thursday from 9am to 4pm. First wipe away any preconceived ideas you might have about Farmers markets. This one is small, but very nice. They had two different farms with produce there. Both offering different items. I ended up purchasing a cucumber for 75 cents and a zucchini for another 75 cents from Country Fresh Farms. I also picked up a huge juicy plum, a bunch of plump red grapes, and a baby spaghetti squash all for $6 from Mrs. H's Produce. Everything was delicious and fresh. They didn't just have produce they also had a bread stand, a lady selling Scentsy products, a charm bracelet stand, and other arts and crafts. If you are in the mood to eat they have a tent for that too! Offering hot dogs and other items. If you're looking to get out and stretch your legs a bit while buying awesome locally grown produce you should for sure check out the Henderson Farmer's Market. It may be small, but they have a lot of stuff.
2	Attended the Art Festival of Henderson here and must say I was immensely underwhelmed; no shade, limited selection, and a poor layout all coalescing into one of the worst art shows I've been to in years.  Admittedly well traveled amongst both regional and national art festivals the Henderson iteration would be best termed a craft show and although prices were appropriate to the quality of the art there was not much worth having made the drive.  Fine for locals but inappropriately hyped by the local papers I'm rather certain one can find a better way to celebrate than this " Mother's Day tradition."
