4	Lovely relaxing place to dine.  Tea lunch with scone and lemon curd Yummy. Service and ambience.
5	Update, lunch with friends on Friday.  Tried the quiche this time, twas very good!
5	Tea of the day was something Berry.  Excellent cold, very good hot, excellent sweet, very good with no extra sugar!This is a Beautiful house with Dinning Rooms, so it has a lot of potential!  They serve Lunch, have a Bakery and Cater.  I had my Tea on the porch at the table in my photo!  This place has lots of Charm!
5	Really cute place!  We have a family and they have a large selection of Hats for the girls to wear while they are having tea. Needless to say the kids love it. There is a large selection of tea's to choose from and the food is good. There are also great deserts that are made fresh in house. If you are looking for a relaxing place to unwind this is a good one.
5	We hosted a bridal luncheon for 20 at Savannah's in Sept. Everything was so nice, and the employees were delightful and accommodating. Love this charming little treasure in Ft Mill .
5	Best ambiance, food and service I've experienced in a long time.  Great girls day out escape.  The assortment of hot teas was wonderful.  We especially enjoyed the chicken salad and bread pudding dessert.
1	Wow- adorable house but that's where it ended. We skipped dessert at lunch to go over here. Giant mistake. First- the place was empty so busy was not an excuse.  I ordered iced tea and a slice of pie. Hubby ordered coffee and pie. Hmmm- where to start- pie was ok but slice was teeny tiny. Literally- 3 forkfuls . Tea and coffee were delivered after pie was finished. There was an apology - waitress was new- didn't know to serve drinks first. I honestly though they'd comp drinks but no - $15.00 .When I walked in, I texted a friend and said we have to try this adorable place. No way- big rip off!!!!!
5	One might consider it emasculating for a group of guys to have lunch in a pink room with ladies' hats on the wall. But let's face it, we'd do anything for the chicken salad. Savannah's has the best and freshest chicken salad sandwich in town!
5	Have always had a good experience thereWas surprised at some of the other reviews, it is always good to me, had a very attentive server, had the tea for one lunch, loved the cucumber sandwiches with nuts, and had ginger peach tea which was very good.  Am pre-planning a baby shower, they were very helpful as to what I needed to do.
