5	The best thing about Yelp is being part of supporting really good businesses. This is a new salon for Anita Smith, and it hasn't been reviewed yet for this new location. She moved to a lovely area at Hayden and Doubletree about 2 months ago, after being in the esthetics field at other locations for over 20 years.   When I decided to do permanent eyeliner, I asked my friends for their referrals. One friend, an esthetician herself, had her eyes done by Anita many years ago. They still look amazing by the way! Since Anita's name had been mentioned to me before that, and the Youtube videos of her work, made my mind up for me.  The salon is beautiful, she and her daughter Brittany are very professional, and the work done was exactly as I requested. The process is virtually discomfort free, your consultation assures that you understand the steps and ensures the results are to your design. I highly recommend you see Permanent Makeup Masters for anything having to do with permanent makeup-eyeliner, lips or eyebrows.
5	When it comes to permanent make-up, no one does it better. I have had my eye liner done and to say I'm pleased is an understatement.  Best part, they mix their there own colors for a perfect match.
5	This place is fabulous! I had the best experience here with Britney and Anita. It was like going to visit my girlfriends for the afternoon. The office was lovely and so clean! I felt right at home as soon as I walked in. I was able to ask as many questions as I needed before I felt comfortable and happy with just the right color for my lips. I absolutely LOVE my results. I certainly recommend Permanent Makeup Masters to anyone who is looking for professional and highly-skilled permanent makeup artists.
5	Ohhh, I wish I'd of done this year's ago!!  Thank you Anita Smith!!  I'm a basic kinda gal.  I lost most of my eyebrows due to hypothyroidism.  (Yep.  Listen to your doc!!)  I was so afraid to get my eyebrows done but was desperate.  After a very strong recommendation, I went for a consultation with Anita Smith (owner).  You instantly feel comfortable with Anita.  I now have beautiful eyebrows and feel so much better when I look in the mirror.  Thank you Anita!!
5	I absolutely LOVE my eyebrows!  After years of drawing my eyebrows on due to their thinning, I decided to take the plunge and have them permanently applied.  I did my research and decided to go see Anita.  Am glad I did.  During my initial consultation, she thoroughly explained the procedure, what to expect afterwards, color pigmentations, etc.  She made me feel very comfortable...it's like we had been friends for a long time.  I made my appointment for the following week.  Again, she explained the procedure and she was very detailed oriented. Procedure was painless - just a tweezing sensation.  I went in two weeks later for a checkup which involved more shaping and coloring.  I am so thrilled with the results.  I can't believe I waited so long to have this done.  I highly recommend Anita!
