4	Formerly Omar's, Up In Smoke has created a niche market in the 19th Ave corridor that desperately needs an excuse to sin. And that sin is partaking in hookah. And starting everyday at 7 p.m. until ??whenever??, Up In Smoke is the place hit a bowl and the beats in an affordable, chillax environment. UIS as a cash-only business, so be sure to hit the ATM before arriving. Basic hookah starts at $11. However, once you arrive prepare to experience one of the more affordable and memorable hookah lounges in the Valley. Admittedly, the music is loud, but it's some on the more eclectic mixes around. And the hookah, dear sweet goodness, that's the primo reason to chose UIS over other hookah dispensaries. Here, you will have a huge ass hookah carried to your table and receive some of the most attentive customer service around. Up In Smoke also offers their projection screen to select viewing. This is an awesome feature to those who want to gather a group to smoke up and enjoy a movie. While outside beverages are not permitted, UIS does allow foodstuffs to be brought in; please exhibit respectful behavior whilst doing so, and this will continue. I'm personally excited about Up In Smoke rolling out their loyalty card, which should be arriving in the next couple of months. It's a great excuse to hit up a family operated business in CenPho either before or after the barfly crawl, and is a short drive from the light rail.
4	I was forced to come smoke against my will and I totally loved it! Being that I quit years ago and I cannot say not to peer pressure, I smoked this delicious thing. I did think the music was about much, with a good gay decorator (me?) and some marketing this place be a fun place to hang out. Cute family and  a local business, how can you go wrong?
5	Recently have came here twice with my girlfriend and the staff is very knowledgeable and helpfull. Took good care of us making sure we had everything we needed. The music is not bad either. Try their minty hookah flavors. Bomb!
