5	Fluff and Fold, you complete me!!  I haven't used their do it yourself area but I do take advantage of their fluff and fold service and it is amazing.  They charge $1 per pound (most loads are under 7 lbs) and wash, dry and fold your clothes.  They provide the detergent and will ask if you prefer fabric softener or even bleach on your whites.Their Fluff and Fold hours are different from the do it yourself hours so you do need to plan ahead when you can drop off/pick.  They offer pick up services too but I live close enough I can drop off my laundry myself.  I brought in 3 weeks worth of laundry for $22+ tip.  They fold most items and hung up my perm press items on hangers.  I would recommend this place to anyone who doesn't have their own washer/dryer or anyone who hates to do laundry.  Def worth it!!
5	A Lifesaver!I found Ginny's Wash House 5 or 6 years ago when I first came to the Valley.  I lived in a rental with no washer/dryer in the unit, and the common area units were ALWAYS busy.  I found Ginny's and I have to tell you their service is fantastic!  Dropped my clothes off, they asked for my preferences on washing, and they were clean, FOLDED (I HATE to FOLD!) and waiting for me when they said they would be.So, when I had a hand injury recently and couldn't bear the thought of folding a mountain of washed laundry, I brought the mountain to Ginny's.  And yep, they did it again! Clean, folded and waiting for me when they said they would be.
5	From Boston on a business trip, needed to have some laundry done, thought I had to do it myself but was pleasantly surprised to find Ginny's Wash house.  The owner (Adrian) and the girls were super helpful and delivered my folded laundry on time with a smile. I would highly recommend Ginny's Wash House.
5	In town for a conference and decided to take the resort's "Adventure Desk" up on a baja off-road excursion in the desert.  Awesome time but ended up nearly ruining my fave jeans, soccer jersey and North Face jacket; COVERED in dust...black jacket was nearly white with dust.  So, I googled laundromat in Scottsdale and saw that Ginny's had a good rating.  I didn't have time to wash the clothes on my own and wanted to ensure I found a competent cleaners that wouldn't shrink the jeans or jacket.  Just returned to the hotel with my clothes and Ginny's did an awesome job; clothes are very clean and soft, and it's obvious they were handled with care.  Very affordable as well...staff was super friendly and helpful... Strongly recommend...
4	During the week, the staff is always super friendly & helpful. It's always very clean too. For a standard wash it will cost $1.25/load and $0.25 for 8min of dry time. There is also a place next door to grab a quick drink & chill at the bar while you wait for your laundry. I think that's an added bonus.
5	I really appreciate a great small business that is able to get things done!  Great service, great prices.
5	When I first moved into my apartment a few years ago, the "onsite laundry facilities" were... not precisely as represented. The machines ate quarters, left laundry sudsy and gross, and I'm pretty sure were actually portals to another, more dangerous universe where laundry goes to fight alien archvillains. But Ginny's saved the day more than once. The laundromat part was convenient, clean and inviting, and their laundry service was reliable and affordable. I just recommended it to a friend whose machine died (I now luckily live in a complex with in-unit washer and dryer. Civilization!) and it's been at least a year since I was there, but I have weirdly fond memories of this place. I think there's something in dryer sheet chemicals that induces cheerfulness.
3	we are now seasoned veterans from cincinnati, its the only place we know of when we are working in scottsdale.
1	I decided to try out this place since it is closer to where I live than the laundromat I usually go to which is about 5 miles away. I just picked up my first load of laundry at Ginny's and guess what? I found other people's clothing items in my bag!!(If you are missing a bunch of socks, including multiple pair of identical black new balance running socks, don't fret, I plan on dropping them off tomorrow)Their turn around time is 2 days, compared to the same day service at my usual laundromat. This place has a chaotic feel. Parking is strange too with a weird lay out. All in all, I am not coming back to this place. The most compelling reason is finding another person's laundry with mine! I wonder if I am missing some items and just not aware of it!Where is my usual laundromat, you may ask? Message me and I'll tell you. I am not happy with Ginny's but I don't want to name their competitor so openly in a review. Although you can probably yelp it fairly easily.
1	Once was enough for me. Parking is a pain. The place is small and cramped as well as hot. They do offer drop off service which even though I haven't used it has to be better then trying to do laundry in this hotbox. I prefer the self serve laundry on mckellips across from the police station.
5	I can't believe we still have full service laundromats. It is great to have one with busy lives.  They will deliver your clothes to your home which makes it very convenient. They do a wonderful job and friendly staff.
5	This place saved my butt on a Sunday afternoon! I stuffed a mattress pad in my home washing machine at about 3:00 pm. Stuffing it into the machine should have been a red flag but you live and learn. It was quickly apparent the machine wasn't up to the task. I'm a bachelor so the biggest thing my machine usually has to tackle is a pair of jeans. So I put the water logged mattress pad, which incidentally now weighs about 100 pounds, in a lawn sized garbage bag, did a Google search and headed to Ginny's. It was a convenient drive down 101 to Thomas. Even though I saw Ginny's truck parked out front, I still missed the driveways and had to circle back. But that was the only problem. The commercial sized washing machine and dryer made quick work of my mattress pad problem. It's more fluffy now than the day I took it off the shelf at Macy's. Maybe now that I'm wiser I'll wash it more often and bring a comforter?
1	No AC! Hot and humid up in here in August!There was no attendant at Ginny's on a Sunday while it was pretty busy.  The change machine was out of quarters.  The commercial size drier I needed kept showing an error while not working and still counting down my time...Apparently "DOOR" error means: lint catcher not closed tightly, not the door to the drier isn't closed...stupid.  I won't ever be back, but I managed to freshen up my comforter with a dry-cleaning kit, which was my goal so it was not a total loss.
3	no mold in dispensers, HE's 2- 4 basket size had no odorsLaundry Service busier than customer walk ins self serveSome parking in back and sideNo large dryer available when needed.No basket available either...especially one family took two.
4	Great place! Got my laundry done fast.
5	These girls here rock... Not super cheap for drop off... But sometimes? A nec treat!  They r so nice, professional n quick !  Also a great place for the over sized items. So lucky they r close!   hate that i have to go to laundromat sometimes... but, at least there is a decent one when the need arises!
2	Nice people, I left a fitted hat for dry cleaning and it came back shrunken 3 sizes and misshapen. Maybe dry cleaning a baseball cap is too advanced for them.
1	Have to agree -- hot and dirty.  Didn't look like the lint filters on the dryer were ever cleaned.  Yuck!
1	Got there on Monday night, and their commercial side of their business had all the washers and dryers being used by them.  Had to find another laundrymat rather than wait for an hour.
