4	Unlike some of the other Home Depots in town, the Sunset Road store has a really helpful staff.  If you're confused about where to find something or if you know the right tool for the home improvement job, I'd recommend this shop.  The customer service is outstanding and the staff seems to know their stuff.Beyond that: it's a typical, well-stocked Home Depot.  It's massive and has almost everything you need under one roof.
3	It's a Home Depot and if you've been to one, you've pretty much been to all.  I will say that the staff I encountered was very pleasant and willing to help, so kudos to them!
4	I worked 5 years in independent hardware so I was always against the "big boxes" such as Home Depot. However- I haven't located really any independent chains, and for the most part, HD has 95% of what I need.  The staff at the front of the store is really friendly although service around the store can be hit or miss. Some people are really knowledgable and friendly while others aren't sure and won't really ask another employee for the correct answer. Overall it's hard to beat their prices for home improvement stuff and the fact that they did a return for me with only my credit card was awesome and hassle free. I'm seriously considering applying for their credit card to take advantage of no interest purchases above $250.
1	Do not go to this HD,  they suck.  Associates are rude and un-educated about their job.  Customer service desk lady is a Biatch...and will try and deny any type of return, even an exchange with receipt....Wow...who the fck does that.  Lowes is down two blocks on Marks St., go to Lowes better prices anyways.
2	A whole lot of meh. This store is in a horrible location and the store hasn't received the corporate refresh yet like the store down the road. Beyond that it's a dang Home Depot
5	Although, I am aware of the exemplary customer service that Home Depot provides, nothing could have prepared me to be blown away and truly feel in awe of the service I received.I walked into Home Depot with tremendous worry about how to build a Hawaiian horseshoe set for my nephew Kili.  Since majority of our family is back on Hawaii, Kili could want nothing more than to be with them and to play his favorite horseshoe set.  My wife and I searched for hours on the internet, ebay, amazon, and more and there was nothing that came close to what we are used to playing.  His Father, was extremely saddened to break the news to Kili that it would be impossible for us to obtain what he truly desired and if we could substitute his horseshoe set with anything he wanted.  He was distraught, but had no choice.  I took it upon myself to give it the college try by heading over to Home Depot.  I immediately walked into the flooring department where I was greeted by Jay (Supervisor for flooring) and Jen (an ASM).  After I explained buy dilemma, they instantly walked over to the computer and started taking down specs and printing pictures from the internet.  I was disbelief and really had no idea what their intentions were.  Jay told me that it would be ready by tomorrow morning (Kili's party was at 2 p.m.).  Leaving a little skeptical and unsure what happened, I left thinking that there is no way this would truly work out.  Jay called me first thing Saturday morning and told me it was ready.  I flew to the store curious and excited, however, a little doubtful.  Upon my arrival, the most immaculate and detailed set I have ever seen was there waiting.  The box was pristine, the carpet that covered the box was on superbly flush, and Jay even found that 2 1/2 inch washers that was not in their hardware department.  I was blown away!!!!!!!Not only was the item perfect, but it was free of charge.  I must've hugged Jay several times and almost burst into tears.  She told me that Ken, A.W., and Chuck (ASM) were instrumental in creating the masterpiece. There are few times in life where you are absolutely dumbfounded by sheer kindness of such a selfless task.   I will forever be loyal to the Home Depot.  I never thought a trip to the hardware store could touch my family;s heart.  Kili had the best birthday ever and for the first time Las Vegas actually felt like Home.  Thank you Jay and the Home Depot family for making our little miracle come true.
1	Poor customer service, especially on the phone. I know it's Home Depot, but the least you could do is introduce yourself when you pick up a phone call instead of just saying, "hullo." And don't respond with "yeah, of course!" when we ask you if it's Home Depot because you didn't tell us where we were calling in the first place.
2	If I need to stop at Home Depot, I know what to get for a quick in and out.  I don't like to spend too much time in this store. It is set up mainly for the contractors.  Women... Well not so much.  Plus I seem to get harassed by their display sales people every time.  I was looking for paint colors this past visit.  I was standing there for 30 seconds when they started asking questions about my water.  For the hundredth time I don't want your whole home water filtration system. I have one.  So if I can, I try to send the husband inside so I don't have to go.  I guess maybe that's how he feels when I take him shoe shopping! Ha!
3	There are 2200+ Home Depot locations worldwide and this location in Henderson is one of their larger square footage locations. You'll find most of the same SKU's or inventory on the shelves here as you will at a Home Depot across the valley so product wise it's pretty well established on what you're going to find here. The Henderson location doesn't have a tool rental location. Service can range from OMG they went over the top to help me find  that replacement patio door handle I needed to feeling like I'm standing on the top of Mt. Charleston yelling HELLO and there's nobody around to hear me. This is a location where they seem to put some emphasis on keeping the shelves stocked which is nice. But if you want some help with a project that involves customization, or you want someone that can think outside of the box to help you track down a part that might work for what you have in mind or recommend the right polyurethane sealer you need for an art project or the next Burning Man art piece you'll find you are in a big box store and the staff struggles to think outside that box. More often than not I walk in here and get some of the stuff I need but I usually end up at Lowes 1/2 mile South to buy everything I need for the wide ranging projects I'm always working on. 3 Stars. (If I need contractor grade items....Home Depot is still my first choice).
5	I had to come here about 8 pm on a weeknight last week:- To pick up solder, 1/2 inch threadless water valve and flux.- First employee approached said he'll call for a plumb
1	This place will try to give you the most expensive " so called help", there employee behind the counter lied to me and said I need to To buy paint that was almost 40 dollars a gallon. And just grabbed it of the shelf mixed it and tried to give it to me, I couldn't believe it. It's all about your employees being helpful and having your customer interest in mind not how much money they can take you for
2	Just came here looking for an extension for our outdoor misters. They had one left if the item we were looking for but when we opened the box (in the store) to make sure all the parts were there, the box was missing nozzles, connectors, and someone had switched out the tubing. We told the worker that was helping us about it and they took it. When we were leaving the guy put it right back on the shelf! So some poor sucker who doesn't have the sense to open the box is going to end up buying it
2	I don't recommend using this store to have flooring installed. Home Depot has a partnership with JW Floor Covering to install our floors and it was a less than ideal experience for us. JW Flooring left grout adhesive stains all over our floors after the install; it was messy and we couldn't get it off. We called JW back and asked them to clean up the mess so that we could go back to using our living room. Customer service wanted to schedule two weeks out to come and finish the job (installation days were 9/22 and 9/23 and they wanted to return to remove the stains on 10/8). We asked them to come sooner because we read the longer the dried stained grout/sealant stays on the tile, the harder it is to remove. It should be removed within 24 hours so that it will come off. So they agreed to return sooner and the worker came out in a couple days after we called with our complaint. He spent about 45 minutes attempting to remove the stain with an acid treatment. After he left, and it had dried, we were frustrated to see it was still all messed up (I'm adding pictures so you can see what it looked like), although slightly improved. Therefore, we called JW Flooring back and asked them to come back out and clean up the rest of the stain once and for all. We were feeling frustrated at this point. The person on the phone said they could have an inspector come out in 7 days to take a look at the job. We said we need them out sooner because we're living in our bedroom unable to use the downstairs because there are stains all over the floors that were left by the installers. The man said customer service will call us back. That was yesterday at around 2:30pm. It's the next business day at 11:00am and we have yet to receive a return phone call, nor any solution to how to remove the stains. We decided to try and remove the mess ourselves, even though we paid them to do the work. We went to Lowes and bought several bottles of ceramic tile cleaners late last night and got on our hands and knees for literally several hours, cleaning each tile over and over until finally the dried grout adhesive mostly came off. In addition to that mess, there are air pockets in the grout, and there are brown grout stains on our walls, door knob, and baseboards. One plus, to be fair, is that at least the tiles were lined up and installed correctly; the problem occurred with the grout installation. It seemed like a novice job with the grout but it was a standard ceramic tile install so we are confused as to why it went haywire for them. I tried to find JW Flooring in Las Vegas to write a review, but they were not listed, except in San Diego (2.5 stars--same company).  Home Depot uses this company, we paid Home Depot, so Home Depot is who I'll review. This is my first unhappy review on Yelp. It is not typical for me to give a negative review. I just wanted to let others know who are considering using Home Depot for floor installation. We will not give Home Depot or JW Flooring our business in the future.
5	I know I'm talking about customer service alone, but these guys were the BEST! We were helped my Adam to find some play sand and Michael helped us at the cash register. Although it was getting close to closing time they were very amiable and seemed to know where things are located. I was very pleased with tonight's experience.
5	I buy all my tools and lumbar here. Love this place  I buy a lot of my tools here and they're all good quality also I buy my lumber here and occasionally when I have to buy small steel or hardware I buy that here
