5	I've always thought they should create a tv show inspired by this space and the stories that must circle through this tiny shop where they sell the highest quality goods for both hunting and cooking. Guns, crockery, drill bits, and the kinds of customers who think hard about such things = narrative gold, no? A fixture in Montreal's Little Italy since 1956, Dante Hardware is a family operation built with love from the ground up - http://www.radio-canada.ca/television/ciaobella_english/vhtml/dante.html
5	After you get past the shock of seeing rifles selling alongside juicers, this store is a treasure trove for kitchen gadget junkies looking for reasonably priced quality goods.  I splurged on Peugot (apparently they make more than just cars) salt and pepper grinders in a mustard colour that will be a great reminder of my trip to Montreal.  The staff were friendly and very helpful.
5	This is what I like to refer to as the gun shop.  I have known about this place for a very long time, when I first started going there they had two section, the ladies: where you could buy great cooking wear and utensils and all kinds of cool cooking tools from Italy, and for the gents: guns and knives.  The great thing is that while this place has grown both in items and floor plans and popularity, it has retained it's original his and hers appeal.  You can find great gifts for anyone and unique cooking tools, they have also been adding cooking classes over the past 10 years and they are really fun.  I highly recommend you check out this place if you like food and food preparation, or if you need a gift for someone.  I cannot comment on the gun side, but the genius of this is that you can drag your man to this store and have him peruse while you do!
4	I can't think of any other place where you can buy a Dutch oven and a shotgun all in one place. No wait... I can... Canadian Tire. Except the guns are much better here;)
5	My wife & I always drop by this place when we are in Montreal. The selection of kitchen stuff is great, however, it is the staff who are friendly, helpful and just plain fun to deal with which makes this a super place to visit. They will help you out with restaurants in the vicinity. Amazing place.Doug Hawes, St,John's Newfoundland
5	I know they have sporting goods as well, but I really know Quincaillerie Dante for my kitchenware.It's neighborhood flavor as well - they've been around since 1956.They always know exactly what they have and what will get the job done. True, they don't necessarily have the biggest selection but you don't need it. The carry quality products that will last generations at reasonable prices = great value.The highlight is the personal service that is so lacking in so many of the big box stores. Yes, you may (not necessarily) pay a little more than at Reno Depot or Rona but you save in time, you'll get what you need in one visit. Time is money after all.
4	I always heard good things about Quincaillerie Dante but never went in. So I decided to remedy that and took a look inside after perusing around JTM. The place is tiny and packed but the staff is super friendly and the place has everything you could want for your kitchen! Le Creuset pots, quality wooden chopping boards, etc. One cool thing that caught my eye were these coloured covers - they come in different sizes and all you do is put it over the pan and it'll seal automatically. Super cool.Anyways, definitely worth a look if you need some kitchen gadgets and/or goods.
5	I would refer to Dante as either the safest cooking store in the world or the tastiest gun supply shop in the world.  Think of Arnold Schwarznegger and Martha Stewart head shopping together this is where they would come!  Either way... it's an odd combo but has worked for almost six decades!  I heard from a co-worker this was the place to come for a pasta machine I didn't think also you could get a 12 gauge shotgun there as well!  Some really high quality items are found both in guns, hunting knives and cookware!  Langioule knives, beautiful wine carafes! Excellent quality juicers.  All the kitchen gadgets you can think of!    I have my eye on a serious manual juicer that I may come back shortly to purchase!  I will update when I come back as my time was limited today!
5	Le "Toys "r" Us" des amoureux de la cuisine. Produits haut de gamme, on retrouve de totu
