5	Jeremy and his team do such a great job of making me feel like I matter to them.  They are always helpful when I need anything.  I have multiple policies with them and they take the time to explain those policies, what everything means and what I'm paying for.  They have longer hours than other insurance agents so it's easy to get a hold of someone.  Overall a great experience.
5	I have all of my major insurance needs through State Farm and Jeremy- life, car and home. He is super friendly, easy to deal with and makes the insurance world understandable to navigate. I like being able to have a local agent to talk to and sit down with if I have questions or need help. This State Farm team is great! Best insurance I've had and rates are way better than Progressive and Geico (which I've also had in the past).
1	Switched coverage to State Farm with Jeremy's office 2 years ago. Paid in full in the office however they did not get it applied to my account. They sent a bill to my mortgage company, and received double payment. Still did not get applied to my account. Spent over two weeks dealing with this and Jeremy was totally uninterested in assisting. Just now moved coverage to Allstate. At that point Jeremy actually wrote me trying to keep business. Informed him directly I would not be renewing the policy. He wrote back said cancellation notices would be sent. He did not cancel. My mortgage company sent State Farm a payment, and I just spent two weeks again getting the refund processed. He is a salesman. Nothing else. I may switch back to State Farm down the road, but will never use his office again.
1	I became uninsured twice due to an awful experience with my agent Jeremy Fulkerson in Charlotte, NC in September & November 2013. Prior to the past few months, I have had a flawless experience with State Farm for over 10 years. Jeremy's office was updated by me of a banking change back in August 2013 and due to their inability to apply my correct bank account information to payment for my account, I went through two insurance lapses.  I was lied to by his employees ensuring my payment information was correct in their system and that my automated payments were being made. The truth was they did have my correct information, what was not happening was the automatic withdrawal for my monthly payments. I have letters written by Jeremy admitting their fault as well as printed statements of my account activity interactions with their office showing my bank information being correct. My insurance lapse is completely at fault of State Farm agent Jeremy Fulkerson and his employees. This is a real life situation, meant to be informative of a real experience had with his office. I was insured through State Farm via Jeremy for two years, and before that for 8 with another agent in NY. I would not recommend Jeremy Fulkerson to anyone after my experience with him and his employees.
5	My wife and I have had multiple policies with Jeremy over the past 4 years.  I love being able to pick up the phone and call him at anytime to ask him anything ranging from rates to random "what if scenario" questions.  His staff is very friendly and are always willing to help in anyway that they can.  Jeremy will always make sure that you get the best deal that you can, while making sure that you are properly covered for any event.  His upfront and honest attitude is one of the main reasons I keep coming back.
5	I've had my car and homeowner's insurance through Jeremy Fulkerson's agency for almost 3 years now and couldn't be happier with the service that I receive from him and everyone I've dealt with in his office.  Jonathan Hubler has been a pleasure to work with on the few occasions I've contacted him with changes to my policy.  As with most insurance, the only real way to know how well protected you are is when something goes wrong and you end up with a claim.  A few months ago, I found out how lucky I was to have my homeowner's insurance with Jeremy and State Farm.I woke up one morning to find the kitchen of my Uptown condo flooded with water pouring from the ceiling fixture.  The icemaker line to my upstairs neighbor's refrigerator had burst and water was seeping through the ceiling and walls all throughout my kitchen.  After discovering the source and getting the water stopped, the next call I made was to Jeremy's office.  I was assured that they would immediately place a call to the restoration company they use for these types of events and that I would be hearing back from someone from their contracted company in a matter of minutes to set up a time for them to come in and get to work drying my condo out.  Sure enough, within 10 minutes received a call from a manager of the company who was going to come out immediately to assess the damage and bring a team to get to work on the clean up.  Within 45 minutes of my call to Jeremy's office, the team arrived to begin the cleanup.  I felt like I was in a State Farm commercial and just sang the "like a good neighbor" jingle before everyone just materialized.  They removed a huge section of drywall from my ceiling as well as my kitchen cabinets and routed industrial dryers and dehumidifiers throughout the kitchen.  After everything was dried out a few days later, they put it all back together, re-hung the drywall, and painted using some leftover paint I had laying around.  Once the work was complete it was like this disaster never happened.  Throughout the whole process the manager of the restoration company, Jeremy's office, and the State Farm claims department were in constant contact.Everyone I dealt with during this fiasco was a pleasure to work with.  I couldn't be happier that I have my coverage with State Farm, and especially, Jeremy's office.  They handled a terrible situation like the pros that they are and got me back to normal as fast as possible--all while being as respectful of my property as I could have hoped for.  When something like this happens, you're not just relying on the insurance office, but the companies they contract with.  In this case I was relieved to find that the companies Jeremy contracts with are just as neighborly as his employees.  I highly recommend Jeremy Fulkerson's agency.  If you ever have an unexpected disaster like I did you'll be happy to have him in your corner, trust me.
5	Jeremy is a solid insurance professional. He is a straight shooter and runs a well-managed agency. Any number of times him and his team have gone above and beyond our expectations to make sure we are taken care of when a need arises. I highly recommend Jeremy and his team to anyone who is looking for a trustworthy, professional insurance agent.
5	I have never really paid much attention to my insurance... It was just another bill until I moved to Charlotte and was transferred to Jeremy's office. The staff is super helpful and friendly. They made sure I understood my policy and my coverage limits. Whenever I've had to make a change it has been handled immediately. I even enjoy stopping by their office to discuss my policy face to face. They go above and beyond to make you feel like a friend. Jonathan is always a pleasure and makes insurance talk as painless as possible. I'd give Jeremy Fulkerson State Farm Insurance 5 stars a day, everyday! :)
5	Jeremy and his incredible staff cover both my auto and renters insurance and I could not be more thankful for their thorough and personal service!The entire office, particularly, Jeremy and Jonathan, have impressed me with the way in which they continually go above and beyond! I initially brought my business to their office because they were able to save me on my monthly insurance, as compared to Allstate. They have worked diligently to keep my deductible down over the years and  when there have been changes they have worked tirelessly to personalize my experience- emailing and calling instead of just mailing me notifications. Their sincerity and honesty won me over as well, and I truly feel as though I can trust their office with any matter! You'd be hard pressed to find more personalized customer service or a kinder office in Charlotte! I assure you that you won't be disappointed by Jeremy Faulkerson's State Farm Office.
1	STAY AWAY, STAY AWAY, STAY AWAY!!! Did I mention STAY AWAY!!! THE agents are incompetent and lairs. I'm sure it starts at the top ( Jeremy Fulkerson )
5	When I moved to Charlotte 6 months ago from another state I happened to drop by the office in passing. I was presently surprised with the customer service I received and how much money there were able to save me. Now looking into owning a home I am able to go to them for help with not only car insurance, and life insurance but guidance with homeowners as well. I recommended them to my family and everyone has been so satisfied.
1	STAY AWAY, STAY AWAY, STAY AWAY!!! Did I mention STAY AWAY!!! THE agents are incompetent and lairs. I'm sure it starts at the top ( Jeremy Fulkerson )
