4	This trip to Vegas I made the huge mistake of leaving my makeup bag at home.  After visiting the cosmetics store at the Cosmopolitan (where we were staying) I realized that instead of buying a bunch of expensive stuff that I didn't want just because I was desperate I should instead use this as an opportunity to stock up on my regular products.  I love bare minerals foundation and I have recently started trying out some of their other products like eyeshadows, etc.  So far I have loved everything I have purchased from the boutique in my local mall.  FYI, even though they sell the foundation at department stores and Sephora, the BE boutiques have so much more than that and I have always received fantastic customer service there.I walked into the outlet store and immediately Shiela came over to ask if there was anything she could help me with.  I told her about the missing makeup bag and right away she sprang into action.  She suggested getting a couple of kits since they came with the product and brushes which was a great idea.  When I told her my foundation color she suggested a different one for me since I had some redness on my cheeks due to a recent sunburn.  I was sceptical so she sat me down in the chair to try it out and lo and behold it looked great.  She also suggested another product to help reduce redness in the skin (I always have a little even if I don't go out in the sun) that they didn't carry in the outlet but was available at the regular boutique stores.  She got me in and out of there relatively quickly (my husband was impatiently waiting outside) but still sent me on my way with everything that I needed.  She offered some quick tips on how to use the products and how to make the most out of what I was getting since that was all that I had for whole the rest of the trip.  I was really impressed by her knowledge of the products and also how well she was able to recommend stuff that really worked on me.I left the store feeling 100% better than when I walked in.  I got some great stuff that I could use for the rest of the trip and also when I got home.  This experience with Shiela really made my day.  The only reason that this place doesn't get 5 stars is because they don't carry everything that they have in the regular stores, it is mostly discontinued items.  Of course they do have their basic products like the mineral foundation but those are pretty much the same price as they are everywhere else.
4	If you're a Bare Minerals fan this is the place to buy your product.  Minus the core items like foundation, primer, etc., everything else is cheaper and they offer many kits  including eye, lip and face palettes that you won't find in Ulta plus discontinued items that I haven't seen in the Bare Escentuals store.  You also get more product when it comes to foundation then what you would at Ulta for the same size and the brushes are about half of what you find elsewhere.  They would get 5 stars for me if they could get their loyalty program to track purchases correctly.
4	I needed some makeup so I decided to go into Bare Escentuals since there was no Sephora . I'm glad I did! It  took a little while to get help though. I eventually had someone help me try on the different powders and blushes. I thought it made my skin look amazing because it wasn't blotchy like when I wear liquid foundation. It added a glow to my face ...I thought. My thoughts were confirmed when out of the blue people asked me what kind of make up I was wearing because they really liked the way it looked. I also bought a powdered eyeliner here that works so much better then one of the gel eyeliners that I bought from Sephora. I still love Sephora but I will be coming to Bare Escentuals for most of my make up needs from now on!
4	I am still having issues with their loyalty program but I love their product.  What's a girl to do?!?  On this last visit Bianca helped me and she did hook me up with some nice samples.  I appreciate that during sales or holiday time they will  take phone orders so you can avoid the crowds and not miss out on great deals that you won't find at Ulta or the regular store.
5	I love this brand because the company deals with minerals, not harsh chemicals (used to love MAC, but just love the lip products now) and when I can get the makeup for less? It's a no-brainer. Usually, specialty stores are pricey. Not this one. On certain promotion days (holidays), there is usually an additional 20-30% off the already low prices- marked with signs. Unlike some of the stores here at the outlet center, this store really lives up to being an actual outlet store. And Sephora's (and Ulta for that matter) stock is very limited. This store might look small from the outside, but there is a ton of Bare Escentuals/Bare Minerals makeup products here. The kits, specials, and eye shadows- in many colors- are on the right side and front of the store. The brushes, foundations, skincare, and lip products are on the left side of the store. The middle of the store are some seats for makeup demos, which are free- you don't have to buy products in a certain amount. Here, you can get help on foundation, blush, or eye shadow shades for your particular needs. The ladies working here are very helpful. You are greeted once you arrive, and they offer help if you need it.  I usually go for the eye shadows (always looking for fun blue shades) and the kits, because those are my favorites, here. Since I love this brand, it is awfully hard to come here and not get a thing- I usually leave with something new. Since makeup is expensive when it's regularly priced, I get my stash here.  Still think this isn't reason enough? There are additional benefits to joining the customer loyalty program. So as a member, you get a gift on your birthday month- yay! You also get a personalized sale day, too (once a year?). Yes, even more reason to get your BE BM makeup here. So, what are you waiting for?!
4	I have been going here a few times a year for a few years now and I am always pleasantly surprised by this place. The staff is very sweet and they do not pressure you to buy products you do not want or need. I find that as a red head, it take longer for me to pick out the perfect colors for my skin and I feel un-rushed here at this location. I love their lipsticks!! It is the only type I can wear without breaking out my skin. The prices are amazingly great and the products last forever. I am 23 and I have yet to use up a whole eyeshadow purchased when I was 16. I recommend this place for anyone wanting a great deal on something that never goes out of style; makeup!!
2	I have to say that I really didn't like the sales associate who help me it seemed as though I was a waste of her time. l'm from California and stopped by on a recent trip I was not impressed to say the least. She was not helpful at all and I was willing to put down some $. It's funny how the Glendale CA store was very attentive. l left with not a whole lot in my bag. The only thing good that came out of this experience, was the fact that I got a rewards card and I can use it @ home. The end! P.S. l love Bare Minerals brand and this one experience will in no way change that.
5	I cannot rave enough about this outlet store. A few weeks ago, I decided to go into Sephora and buy some eyeshadows. They were $14 each and honestly I cannot tell the diff from the shades I bought at the outlet store VS. the ones I paid 3 times as much for! I decided to take a trip back over to the outlet mall and I saved so much money! I bought 3 eye shadows & a makeup brush for less than half of what I spent at Sephora. The staff here is very attentive and helpful. They will help you find the colors you are looking for. The kits are some amazing steals if you need multiple colors. I have bought the lose powders as well as their newer compacts with great success!
5	I only recently started using Bare Escentuals make up and skin care products, but the two times I have visited the store, both associates have been super helpful in helping me find the right shades of foundation and concealer, as well as skin care products that will be best for the acne-prone skin.  They don't try to push for a sale, and they really want to help find the best products for you.  I truly do like coming here and buying new products!
