5	They have tator tots!!! We have eaten a few times here and have never been disappointed. The Friday Fish Fry is incredible - tastes just like you are in Wisconsin. The apps are tasty too: Quesadilla, tato skins, and the lettuce wraps are the best! They have a fairly new menu that has quite a few healthier items. My hubby's favorite is the black bean burger. The portions are large but is there really such a thing as too many tator tots? The servers are so friendly as are the bartenders. You can eat outside or at the inside bar too. Great stuff.
1	Picked this based on the two reviews. Its been 45 minutes since we saw our server. No appetizers yet. There are two servers and six tables. We have watched two orders go back to the chef, worried about our food. Food came, recommend burgers or sandwiches.
1	Tried breakfast, lunch, and dinner here, and the food was terrible.  The only nice features are the friendly dinner staff and the nice golf course view during the day.  Since those two features can be easily obtained elsewhere, I would not recommend this place.Breakfast- the eggs and sausages were fine, but the oatmeal was overcooked, and service was completely lacking despite the fact that the restaurant was not even half full.  Steak salad- ordered the steak medium rare.  It came overly smoked, completely overcooked, and tasted like beef jerky.  The spinach was also not fresh.Vegetable soup- tasted fine, but nothing special. Chicken Caesar- the dressing was fine, but the lettuce was somewhat blackened.  The chicken was also blackened and overcooked.  Tater Tots- tasted fine, although a bit dry.  Overall, this is at best a two star restaurant.
2	Went with a friend last night and picked Tatum's because it was walking distance from her condo and we wanted a golf course view.  Sat on the patio and it was nice.  Ordered the french onion soup - bland, and the stuffed mushrooms which were good.   For our meal we ordered the prime rib sandwhich and the philly sandwich - one with tater tots and the other with cajun fries.  We send both our dishes back TWICE because the sandwiches were cold.  It was obvious that they just tried to microwave them because the meat came back very tough and leathery:-(  The waitress had the executive chef take care of it, in which when they came back the plates were hot as well as the food.  Both meals were just ok..I have had better sandwiches at Portillo's.  Fries and tots were nothing special - pretty sure the tots are frozen ones that they just microwave - hence the amount of ketchup needed to eat them.  Waitress was very nice through all of this.  My friend works at a restaurant and I grew up in the grocery and restaurant business - were we too critical?  No, Tatum's needs to work on their menu and their cooking.  Glad we did not order the pricey entrees.
