5	Armando is amazing! I pulled my neck muscle the first time I went in to see him. He magically soothed out my pain & made me very relax. It is crazy what a great massage can do to your body. I'm going back to him routinely for my monthly fix! He also accommodated to my request needing the day of appointment!
5	I have to say, Armando was fantastic!!! I truly had one of the best massages I have EVER had, and I have had a lot in my time. I will definitely be going back to see him as well as recommend him to all my friends and family.
5	Had a massage by Armando today and it was hands down the best massage I've ever had. I would absolutely recommend both him and the Spa as a whole. If you are looking for the best massage in Vegas this is the place! In addition to the excellent massage, you are greeted on time with tea/water/light snacks and offered a free gift. The aesthetics of the spa are beautiful and cleanliness was top notch!
5	I took a much needed vacation to Las Vegas this past weekend for my birthday and was looking forward to a massage. The prices on the strip were outrages so I took a risk an ventured outside. I'm so happy I found Armando! This experience was above my expectations. He was so professional and by far the best therapist I've ever had. I know that's a huge statement but trust me I've been bragging about him to all my friends. I will return to Vegas and definitely add a visit on my to do list!
5	I first experienced Armando of Aspect Massage in June during a visit to Las Vegas.  I rarely use male massage therapists, so was a bit skeptical at first - and was pleasantly surprised.  Armando was very thorough in reviewing my intake form, asking me questions regarding my answers (most therapists I've used just breeze over the form and get straight to the treatment), and adjusted his approach to address my specific sore spots.  After the massage, he emphasized the importance of hydration and gave me suggestions to minimize tension and stress.  I've since called upon Armando on return visits to Vegas, and he continues to make himself available to my schedule and attentive to any specific problems I may be having.  His rates are reasonable (extremely affordable compared to massage therapy spas on or near the strip) and he gives you the full hour (or 90 minutes) - well worth the six mile trip from the strip.  The venue is welcoming and relaxing, very clean and inviting.
5	Was really impressed with the massage from Armando! I've tried out a few different masseurs that I've found on yelp or groupon and so far this has been the best one. I got a 60 min massage at the yelp deal for $45 which made my wallet happy :) In all, I will be back. I work 12+ hours plus on my feet so it's nice to have a place to go to get some very much needed muscle tension relief. Oh and the heated massage table was awesome!! Def worth a try!
