3	I took my dog to get groomed here and they did a good job overall.   I probably will just groom my dog and save myself $45 a month.  Friendly staff and place seemed clean.
1	HORRIBLE! Disappointed in both the grooming and the customer service.  Took our dog for grooming and after 2 hours picked her up to find her nails trimmed BUT with a cut paw, still shedding equally to when we dropped her off, and skiddish.  Groomer tells me he will call to check on her cut and will pay for vet if we take her and that she was well groomed.  Our check was cashed one week after and NO call to check on the dog.  I couldn't believe the lack of concern and customer service - I called to speak with the owner and tell her we are getting our dog groomed again not even 14 days later and is costing us an additional $45.  She said she heard about injury and assumed groomer would follow up but it was his last day so his attitude was poor.  Refused to refund or pay for the added expense ($90 in 2 weeks for groomng of our 10 lb dog, really?).  Her best resolve was for us to bring her back in for a re-do!  ABSOLUTELY not - and I had to hear her story of being a single mom of 5 kids and she can't afford to return money to people because many customers are not satisified with one thing or another with their pet grooming.  So she has many dissatisfied customers?  STAY AWAY!  Petco offers a much more friendly, pet safe, and excellent grooming service.
5	I have been taking my dog to be groomed here for the last year and a half. All of the staff is super friendly. They take great care of my dog while he is there. My dog is naturally shy and is usually really nervous to go new places. He doesn't give me any problems about going here because they take such good care of him. They have a cute little play area for the dogs while they are waiting to be picked up. He always comes away from here looking cute and happy. The owner obviously knows her dogs. She has tons of experience, she has been in the business for years.  Any question I have about my dog she always has good input for. They are really good at fitting my dog into their schedule, their service is fast, and their prices are great. I recommend this place for anyone looking for excellent quality in pet grooming.
4	I'm updating this review because although I did begin to do the grooming for my dog, it IS nice to have a groomer that does a good job when I don't feel like doing it myself.
5	The groomers here are dog whisperers. I've been taking my Yorkie here for years and I assumed that he hated being groomed because of how horrible he is when I need to give him a bath. On his last visit here I watched him get groomed and he was so happy! He was wagging his tail the entire time! I highly recommend taking your dog to Pampered Pet Spa! They are AMAZING with animals!!!!
5	I couldn't be happier about the top notch service and care. My Siberian Husky always comes home happy as can be and looking like a million bucks. They even put a nice patriotic bandana on him for the 4th around the corner! I can't thank Alex enough for handling this hairy situation. I won't take him any where else.
5	Danielle did an awesome job grooming our Morkie, Brewster!  We have finally found a grooming Salon here in Chandler we love!  He looks great and like a Morkie should!!  She definitely knows what she is doing.  She truly cares about the quality of her work and it shows!!  Don't hesitate to bring your dog or cat here.  You won't be disappointed!  Highly recommended!!
