5	I've always been a fan of EBS, and now there's one conveniently located in my neighborhood!!  Yes, I pulled up on Grand Opening Day and was one of the first 1000 to score a free travel mug!!  Spinach Florentine is my absolute fave, especially with Sundried tomato cream cheese! Located in the old Backyard Burgers, and briefly, Ikos Aegean Grille, I can tell EBS is here to stay.  Steady traffic all the time! Had the PM $5.00 bundle for lunch and almost tried the iced coffee instead of tea.  Oh well, maybe next time when it's closer to 12 noon and I can afford another java jolt for the day!Nice parking, (can take advantage of all the bank lots across the street for any weekend overflow).  Easy access in and out and very quick and friendly service.  The manager was on top of all the details!
4	Great location and very good coffee with free refills.  I've had the asparagus, mushroom, egg white, and Swiss bagel and its very good.  The bagel with a large coffee is $7+ and if you're like me you will still be hungry as the bagel is a little on the small side :(, that's my only complaint!
3	Tired of my usual salad spots for lunch, I decided to drop by and check out the salad offerings from Einstein Bros Bagels.  They had  3 salad options: Strawberry Chicken, Chipotle Chicken, or Chicken Caesar for $5.   The salad looked a bit skimpy and I was hungry, so I decided to get a cup of soup to go with it. Unfortunately, they were out of my first choice - turkey chili. My choices were veggie or chicken noodle. You can get a bowl for $3 or a cup for $1.75.  I opted for a cup of chicken noodle.  The service was a bit on the slow side, especially given that there were at least 3 or 4 workers and only 3 customers in the place at the time I placed my order. The salad wasn't bad for $5 but not quite as exciting as some of the options you can get elsewhere.   The soup was just a half step above a canned soup. This place probably won't be on the top of my list for lunch, but if I'm in a hurry, it will do in a pinch.
2	The challah roll was stale today ( a Sunday) and the decaf coffee was very weak.  Disappointing Melvin and Elmo Einstein!
2	I love the coffee, but no raw sugar and one coffee carafe was empty and a less than enthused staff. Back to Starbucks
4	I just tried their Tomato soup & it was really good! But what I really liked was the FREE Stuff....Get a FREE Bagel w/ CC, Join EBB VIP Text Club! Text: ustext ebb; To: 368674 then reply "yes" to subscribe! Get offers weekly. Best part, use that offer EVERY Day! I'm going to try their Pumpkin Bagel next...my girlfriend loved it..
5	I have really grown to love this place.  The bagels are always fresh and made to order, The coffee selections are pretty good and they even have seasonal coffees available.  The atmosphere is pretty cool and they have Wi-Fi  with charging available at certain tables.  It's one of my favorite weekend breakfast spots to go to and just chill or catch up on the news or just people watch.
3	I like EB, but lately the drive thru seems to be a little sloppy. Little things like giving me a toasted bagel when I ask for not toasted, or there is cream cheese in the wrapper and it makes holding the bagel a mess. Or no milk in my coffee. Little frustrating considering I only order coffee and a bagel. I will be back but I feel like I'm looking for  something to go wrong now.
3	C'mon man. Ordered a toasted bagel at he drive thru.....given a not toasted bagel. I promise I will survive, but how much effort does it take to fill a simple order?????
4	This is the best bagel shop in south Charlotte. Staff is friendly and the bagels always fresh. We come here often. Hard off to manager, Jason and his crew.
5	We come here often and are never disappointed. Food is fresh and staff is delightful.
5	This a great place to meet friends and the seating is inviting and comfortable. We come all the time.
