4	Brought my grandpa here yesterday to shop for a new chair. Our salesperson was the owner. She was very helpful and gave us free shipping on a $400 chair.
1	Nope. Not worth it.
4	I am a huge fan of the furniture selection that they carry. The showroom tends to show a more old fashion style. The catalogs that they carry will showcase a larger variety of different items. I ended up going through most of the Coaster and Homelegance collections to find a varied selection of items. Sandy, the owner, is amazing. She sat with me and gave me a deal on everything I chose. I ended up leaving Hotai feeling like I got the best deal I could have. I set out a budget for all my furniture and did not reach the amount. I looked online afterwards to add up my coffee table, sectional sofa, dining room table, eight chairs, two nightstands, and a chest to find that it would have cost me more to purchase it all directly. If you are a first time homeowner like I am, you will be in great hands.
5	Me and my man were searching all over vegas for the best furniture, yet best deals in town. Before coming here, we probably came across 12 furniture stores that seemed to give a rather good deal. But when we randomly came to this store, the owner himself and his wife came to help us look around which I thought was really nice of them. We fully furnished my man's house here, so yes, we bought A LOT of their furniture. Not only did they give us the best deal in town, their service and furniture were outstanding. I'd definitely come back here when I need furniture
5	Really nice furniture selection. Free delivery. Owner comes out and help you any way help you need and if u ask, they can give you good discount price. highly recommended.
1	The worst customer service ever from the owner of the shop.  I ordered coffee table and it was special oreder so it took 4 months to arrive.  It finally arrived all scratched and I asked to get my money back because I don't want to wait another 3- 4 months to get a new . Owner refused to give me my money back and she was totally ignoring me while I was standing there waiting for my issue to be solved. At the and I couldn't do anything so I ll wait again for another table .... she was just so rude and I have never experienced that kind of customer service in any other place.  She is so nice just until you pay and than if it comes to delivery issues or any other she is just so rude, unprofessional and real bitch.  All other employees are much nicer than her but they are not very helpful either.  Don't spend your money here. She doesn't deserve it.
1	At first glance "Great selection", very pretty furniture to look at! But when it comes to quality, that is an entirely different story.. Customer service is downright Disgusting! Extremely unprofessional and rude to their customers; thats of course after they take your money.. I bought a very expensive formal dining room table which looked great on their display. First the delivery was late, then they assembled everything in the house. Once assembled this massive, heavy table wiggled all over the place!!! It felt like it was made from cardboard! You couldn't  lean on it without feeling like the whole thing is going to fall apart! When i spoke to the owner about it; for 20mins she tried to convince me that it was my tile floor and that is the way dining tables are supposed to be!! After I stated "i paid a lot of money for this table and i expect quality" the lady flipped out and damn near chased me out of the store!! It was almost humorous if i hadn't spent a great deal of money here!! If you want quality & a decent customer service DO NOT spend your money here!!! Or ignore my review and you'll be writing one similar to this one right after your purchase from this so-called furniture store.
