5	WOW!  This place is awesome!  I thought the store would have stuff from garage sales but I was wrong.  The inventory they had was incredible.  High end, unique and everything looks new.  This is the place to go if you're a basic cook or a great chef.  i couldn't believe it.  They have it all.
4	Stopped in Kitchen Switchin'  to see what it was all about.  What a great idea - a specialty consignment shop just for kitchen stuff.  Love it!The staff in the store were friendly and welcoming.  They have a ton of kitchen items - just about everything you can think of, even a collection of cookbooks.   The are a consignment shop so you can bring in your unwanted kitchen items and maybe even pick up a thing or two that you don't have.  Their prices are right too.  Some consignment shops I've been to have such high prices you start to wonder why you'd buy their previously owned items.  Not this place - they have good quality items and the prices are fair.  If you have a kitchen gadget addiction or are just looking for a thing or two stop by and check it out.
4	Kitchen Consignment Store to sell lightly used kitchen stuffs and to purchase.  What a great idea!  I popped in today to Kitchen Switchin' just to check it out and see what they have going on... I would like to get rid of a few kitchen things I have and since it is consignment, you can get 45% of the sold price in cash OR 55% of the sold price in store credit.  This is pretty standard in the consignment world.  You have to wait for the item to sell before you reap the rewards.  Although a big reward is paring down at home so that happens instantly when you start getting rid of things that you simply do not use.  They have some great stuff!  I wanted a few items, like a fantastic mojito making thing, it was only $6.95.  They also had a Dyson hand vac that I would love to own, that priced out at $79, but retails for WAY more.Already getting my things together to bring over and I recommend, you do the same- nothing like making room for MORE!  :)
4	This place is a great idea.  I have been wanting to check it our for months and finally got in.  I was hoping to get some new pots and pans, but nothing caught my eye.  They have a little bit of everything and it is all in good shape!  My mother bought 2 sets of glasses from the 50% off room in the back for $25.  What a deal!
4	I came here after hearing about this place from a few other Yelpers, and made a point of coming here today for the first time.  I was on the lookout for a 3 quart saucepan, as mine is on the fritz.  Unfortunately, they didn't have one, so I got a candle while I was there.I really liked it here for a few different reasons.  The selection is nice, and its gently used kitchen equipment.  All of thier stuff seems to be in really good shape.  They have a little bit of everything, from pots and pans, to bar stuff, some dishes, cookbooks, and other assorted kitchen items.Even though I came up empty handed, I would gladly come here again.  Staff was friendly, selection was great and prices are fair.  This place is on my short list of consignment shopping stores!  O, beware, parking's a little tight here.
4	I was having brunch with friends this morning and mentioned I was going thrift store hunting for a couple of items afterwards and a couple of folks suggested I stop in here as it was on my intended path.  The folks were real friendly.  With the help of another Yelper that happened to be there I found pretty much one of the items I was looking for, my eyes/brain connection don't work as well as they used to. :-)  Everything in the store is spotless and seems to be in much better condition than you would find in a thrift store.  Prices seem to run in the 60-70% range of new based on the one item I had a perfect match to, and mine still has all of the accessories.  They have rather short operating hours but I will stop in whenever I am in the area at the right time as one of my big weaknesses is kitchen gadgets.
5	What a great concept.  I called Kitchen Switchin' today because I was trying to locate a shallow round casserole dish.  The lady who helped me on the phone was very helpful  as she located two potential dishes.  When I got to the store the same lady was super helpful and I found what I needed plus.  The prices are extremely reasonable and the selection and quality of items is great.  I will be back.
3	Hehe... it rhymes. This looks like a lovely place to get cheap little appliances, cutlery, and cookbooks. They don't have larger stuff like stoves, but they have a great selection of bread machines and toasters and stuff. I bought a mini food processor for my apartment in an effort to save space. It cost me $5 and it can basically process one vegetable at a time. Oh well, I was charmed! Some stuff seemed overpriced, like the blenders for $30 each. But they did have good, fancy brands that may be worth finding second hand. They also give out store credit and cash for gently used kitchen stuff, and they said you can bring it in anytime!
5	Have I ever mentioned the adorable mini sized food processor I bought here for $5? Well, it's apartment sized, it's adorable, and it chops up my food! I love it so! I will be back for more treasures!
4	Great little place, recommended to me by Tonia M. Bartz.I went in today, and found a great pan (don't underestimate a great pan), and an ice cream maker, with two freezer bowls.The thing is, I bought this same ice cream maker at a garage sale, not realizing it was missing the freezer bowl.Now I have two complete ice cream makers to feed my inner fat kid!!Good prices, too!
5	This is a great little store. I stopped by hoping to find a juicer before I bought a brand new one. I saved myself a lot of money and the juicer was in perfect condition. Best of all, they have a 7 day return policy which I thought was amazing. I love this store and will check back often. (I also saw two copies of one of my favorite cookbooks: The Silver Palette and they also looked brand new).
5	99% Adorable1% Creepy for the crazy mannequin that's usually dressed up outside by the roadAnd I never fail to walk out with something 98% of the time I'm there. I've bought everything from amazing glass pie plates to a vegetable steamer to little utensils. It's unbelievable how many different items they have, vintage and brand new. Last time I was there one of the employees told me they get a lot of items given to people as housewarming and wedding presents, and rather than returning or exchanging them, they end up selling them there. I've purchased several brand new small kitchen appliances there. Never mind the fact that I'm always drooling over the vintage cookbooks. Like I need more of those. Before you spend a bundle on something you're not sure how much use you'll get out of, head here.
5	You don't need to pay retail for that blender! Or that deep fryer/pressure cooker/coffee maker.I moved to PHX a couple years ago with 4 pieces of luggage on a 737 so I needed to completely stock my entire life. I managed to get a lot of my kitchen stocked at Kitchen Switchin'.The shelves and cabinets are full of a varied array of utensils, gadgets, plates, vessels and cookbooks. They don't stock the Wal-Mart stuff here. It's usually Cuisinart or Bodum or KitchenAid. The store is always clean, there are not even traces of prior use on 99% of their items, and the staff are really helpful when you need to find something.Some of the knives that you'll find here are seriously high grade Japanese folded steel and Cutco brand for more than 50% off new retail prices.  The only catch? It's a resale shop, so you'll have to take what they have on hand at the time. However, if you're patient the other two knives/plates in the set might be in stock next month for the same deep discount you got the others for.Worth a stop any time I am driving down 7th. Street.
