4	Freshly opened on Eyre Place, The Roamin' Nose is beginning its journey as a new cafe/bistro. The Italian-influenced menu is quite varied, with a good selection of sandwiches, sharing platters, pasta dishes, and a couple of main courses. It's an eclectic mix in terms of decor, too. It was nicely busy on my visit, and I know they're looking to raise their profile, so it's a place worth keeping an eye on, as it has the potential to become a real favourite.Overall, we said: "I'd happily recommend that you pay The Roamin' Nose a visit. I have no doubt that they'll iron out the service kinks, soon, so will have things running beautifully. As with many new places, I'm not sure they've quite nailed where to pitch themselves, yet. I'd suggest that they're not really a place for lunchtime takeaway, but more the kind of location where you'd sit with friends, nibbling at fresh bread dipped in good olive oil, maybe adding a little slice of cheese, a sliver of prosciutto, or a slice of roasted aubergine, as you while away an afternoon or evening. I can imagine many return visit to do just that, in the future."
5	A tremendous addition to the eateries opening up around the Canonmills area. There is an Italian theme to the bistro but it isn't just the usual fare that would be expected. Starting with a fantastic breakfast until 11am (the sausages on thick white toast are tremendous) through to lunchtime snacking and evening meals, there are options for every type of eating.The coffee is fantastic quality and challenges many of the leading coffee houses in Edinburgh for quality and there is also a small but impressive selection of beers including Innis & Gunn.Highly recommended and hopefully a long-term addition to New Town eating.
4	I really love the Roamin Nose - granted I've only been here for breakfast but the breakfast menu is brilliant and really cheap especially compared to others in the area.  My husband ordered the full breakfast which was really a good size for the price and my scrambled eggs are always divine with chunky toast.  Whenever I've been in - and its been a number of times I've always ordered the same thing cause i cant fault it but the staff are always really helpful although ok sometimes they have been a little slow but that's the only fault i can pick up here.  The breakfast menu at least has brilliant choices they are always happy to accomodate young children and they even have books for them at the sofas in the front window which is a nice touch.I love this cafe, I've yet to go on a Sunday afternoon when they have live music but i will be popping down soon.  Not too cramped, plenty of room, great menu and especially compared to other cafes in the area the prices are really good!Kind of quirky - you must check out the Bill Murray portraits for sale all over the place i don't know the artist but they must really love bill murray brilliant!  Personally, I love the Roamin Nose, the menu is fab, the location and decor, the food is always perfect and the price is excellent .....
2	Although this place is adorable and the long list of specials indeed special, I don't think you should offer food that doesn't play to your strong suits and thus I can't recommend this place. Their specials were all over the place from a seabass salad to steak. Should have stuck with the italian theme and ordered ravioli. I ordered a chili bean dish which ended up being a sad pass as a burrito complete with salsa with no flavor and creme fraiche instead of sour cream. Come on! Google Mexican and get it right, man. My sisters pulled pork sandwich was awesome but even on her plate there was some disappointment like the potato chips that were cut too thick. I will say, the chocolate Nutella peanut butter cake was nice but when I ordered a flat white I was served a latte. Ugh. Give it a miss.
5	This has become my favourite place to eat and enjoy an evening in New Town over the last six months. It's relaxed, cosy, welcoming, simple and scrumptious, and is the place we are always sure to recommend or take our visiting guests to.We recommend approaching it in the following way to get the absolute best out of your visit:1. Get a treat and have a bottle of prosecco (same price as a bottle of white and even more fun)2. Get a sharing platter and maybe some of their special crostini to start - YUM!3. Ask them very very nicely if you can share all your main dishes... The sharing platters are so delicious that we've got into the habit of having one and then sharing their main course dishes in a 'tapas' style - it makes for a really fun evening and means that you get to taste a little of every delicious, Italian inspired dish. They put the food, some salad and their lovely homemade 'chips' in the centre of the table and you have little plates and simple explore it all!4. Go eye up the homemade desserts at the counter and order the tirimasu or chocolate mousse (my favourites), or basically anything else as it's all good :-)5. Have a hot chocolate with locally made marshmallows6. Fall into a happy food-coma7. Come back on the last Sunday of the month and enjoy it all again whilst listening to their acoustic music night (5ish to 8ish).You don't have to do it this way, you can also pop by for a full dinner or just a lovely glass of wine/piece of cake, either way you'll enjoy it - but we've carefully honed this to be our favourite way to dine there! Overall, their ingredients are really interesting and the dishes taste fresh and comforting. The atmosphere is lovely, relaxed but stylish, with considerate staff, and last but not least, they're welcoming to all ages (including babies and dogs!). Lovely stuff and thumbs up all round.
4	This casual cafe serves British breakfasts and Italian pastas. We stumbled in the other night looking for an early dinner, and were told the kitchen didn't open till 6pm (it was around 5:30, I think), but our friendly waitress suggested we could start with drinks and get our food orders in so that they could be prepared as soon as the kitchen was open. We started with some cocktails (a negroni and a caipirinha) and the pesto and tapenade with bread. The drinks were on the small side, but priced appropriately to their size. As a main I had the pappardelle with mushrooms. The pasta was nicely-cooked and the sauce was tasty. I wish we could have given the desserts a try, but we had to leave to get to another engagement. Overall the Roamin' Nose was a nice spot for a casual dinner. The breakfast menu looked pretty good - I think we'll return for brunch sometime soon, too.
4	I took my parents here for lunch and was super impressed by this place. It is cosy, has a really friendly atmosphere and is the perfect place to take people for a relaxed weekend lunch. We came at the 'awkward lull' between breakfast and lunch (starts at 1pm), and had to sit with only hot drinks for 20 minutes. However, once we ordered our meals, they arrived promptly and were certainly worth the wait. I had the special salad (v) and a side of chips - which were amazingly thin and crisp-like. My parents both had steak sandwiches.  The staff were lovely, chatty and very attentive. I'm excited to try out the evening and breakfast menus too!
