2	Ohkay, So I was working 3rd shift this day, Went throu the drive throu got a Carmel Machiatto. These people, over flilled the coffe to where when they handed it to me, and i put the straw in it over flowed onto my work scrubs! not to mention the coffee was burnt!!I mean yeah more for your money but not when its all over you and you hav burnt coffee..... SO.... Taste before you drive off!! Not to mention, when I went back to get "Fresh" coffee, they were totaly rude about it!
1	Horrible service: as per previous reviewer, I concur, the girls working on the weekend here were really horrible. I think they specifically pick them from the Juvie section. Went here for my morning Joe, always the same Me: "Short doppio machiato"  (lingo I learnt at other starbucks. )Girl at counter (GaC): "Wha, Wha can't hear you" Me: Repeated orderGOC: "Wha what can't hear you!!" ,(after taking off her headphones) "Oh!, a machiato... oh yeah..." Me: (thinking)Thank heaven for small miraclesOn getting my coffee (5 minutes a tad late given I was the second in line) I guess gossiping about their boyfriends was more important. The coffee was filled to the brim with milk. Not looking good!!!Me: Did you put milk in the machiato order?Girl who made the coffee: Yeah!! why? (rudely)Me: well machiato is only supposed to have foam.Girl: Oh.. (making a deriding face)Me: Um!! (flabbergasted at the poor service... and I thought Starbucks paid these people higher and trained them rigorously.  )Girl: Why U want me to make it again? then mimed deridingly  below her breath "Machiato doesnt contain milk" at this point I was quite sure she would end up spitting in my coffee or do some insidious act. So had to walk of with my milky unwanted coffee wishing I hadn't paid up front for it.
5	Love this Starbucks! It is right off the freeway, and has a drive-thru. Derek is wonderful! His sense of humor and fast service is much appreciated!
3	We happened to be out this way and saw the drive-thru.  I had an iced pumpkin spice latte.  I don't know what they did but it was super strong and tasted bitter.  Being that I was a mile  down the road and about to get on the freeway before I tasted it, I didn't go back.  I drank as much as I could but it just didn't taste right.  And I know my coffee and I especially know my Pumpkin Spice Lattes!  I love those darn things!!  My daughter had a chocolate chip frap and that was fine....maybe the chocolate covered up the bitter taste....but I will think twice before I go back to this Starbucks.
5	Venti, non fat, light ice, chai, best drink ever! Love all of the baristas there.
3	You know what you're going to get when you go to a Starbucks. This is a clean location, with a drive thru window, and speedy service. To get to the drive thru you do have to drive around to the back of the building. For the most part I try to avoid Starbucks for local independent coffee shops. In a pinch though you know what they have and can get your caffeine fix.
5	My second coffee for the day...Mocha Coconut Frappuccino.
5	Went through the drive-thru and Francis took my order and was very nice and carried on a conversation. Enjoyed my visit.
4	I love this Starbucks!  Every time I go the service is FAST, coffee is great and I'm out the door!
5	It helps to know that I give Starbucks in general great reviews because I love it so much.  This starbucks gets 5 stars because the people there are so kind. I have met a different person every time I've been there, and each person is not only nice but personable.  They seem to genuinely care about the people walking through the door, and that, afterall, is an important part of enjoying your coffee experience, the smile that comes along with the cup. :)Special feature: Drive through***
5	Love the employees here. Everyone is so friendly and helpful. Definitely love that they have a drive thru!
5	With a vast majority of Starbucks locations in this world, you pretty much know what you are going to get.  What sets one Starbucks apart from another is the staff, and the staff at this location is top notch.  Always friendly, always in a good mood, and always there to make sure you get your caffeinated beverage ASAP.  Aside from my crack addiction-like need for multiple shots of espresso daily, the friendly faces of these baristas make my morning each and every day.
5	This Starbucks is always so darn friendly! Never a bad service!What can I say? I'm a repeat customer. Why? Well, not only because they're darn friendly! Also because they offer more than coffee! Their coffee is great and all, but I really enjoy trying their panini's and refreshers. Yum!I am amazed at how consistently happy and courteous the customer service is here. Is it like this at all Starbucks? I may never know. I like it too much here to try anywhere else on purpose. I've been to other Starbucks and the service varies. Here, it's awesome all the time! Not only are their cold green tea Refreshers refreshing, so is the service and atmosphere!
5	thanks for the great kick off to a nice working morning with the boost i need with a cup of joe to get the morning running! thanks for waking me up STARBUCKS!!!
4	It's a Starbucks.  It's not an outstanding one, but it doesn't suck.The baristas smile.  I've never had a screwed up order (but then again, I order tall Americanos.  If you screw that up, you have failed at life.)It's the closest to my office. I can walk there. (unless it's one of THOSE days that Phoenix is trying to melt my shoes off.)They also have a drive thru.
5	Location, Location, Location.  Great spot to drive-through and grab a coffee on your way to hop on the 60.  Never had a messed up order.  Really friendly employees.
4	Starbucks....can't live without it
5	Thank you morning crew for getting my d day started with a smile, quickly....
3	Service was slow people here seemed very confused on what was going on they have boxes laying around the store it's 3 stars at best
2	Coffee has went down. No big deal anymore.  They used to also have a good sweet selection.  Got a chocolate chip cookie which cost over $2 and it was as thin as a mint, and no bigger than a chip ahoy.  Also got a scone which used to be very good. Now they come in a plastic wrap, individually wrapped. That means mass produced and not local anymore. Tasted like one you get at Fry's.  $10 for this garbage.
3	Drive thru takes far too long and parking is terrible in the morning. If you have the time to wait then the staff is very friendly!
5	Quick and friendly service! All Starbucks are not the same! The baristas here are wonderful. I enjoy starting my morning here and studying here at night.
5	This is the drive-thru Starbucks closest to my home and conveniently located near the 60. I always receive friendly warm service here. Last night I pulled into the line 5 minutes after they closed (I didn't realize this at the time) and someone inside noticed me. I was served and they didn't even tell me I arrived after closing until I asked what time they closed.That's my idea of customer service that exceed expectations!
4	Love the green tea with peach.  The staff was amazing and super fast
1	I am so disappointed.  I stop here 2-3 times a week and today, they screwed my drink up AGAIN for like the 3rd time in the last couple of months.  I had to leave work to go back and have them fix it which is beyond frustrating and super inconvenient.  The kicker is they repeated my order back TWICE and repeated it correctly yet it was still not made right.  I was in the food/bevarage service industry for 10+ years and rarely did a customer have to return something back to me because I screwed it up.  No offense but this is NOT THAT HARD!  It drives me crazy when things like this happen often.  I understand every now and then but 3 times in the last 7-8 weeks is a little excessive.  I just don't think I can come back to this location because if I do and they screw my order up again, I might just lose it lol.
2	This Starbucks is somewhat busy but, at mid morning the rush is over. I wanted to work on my iPad but, tables and service areas were littered or had spills. They needed a quick cleaning. Tables outside were left with litter and dusty. I cleaned my own table. Maybe more frequent cleaning? The latte was ok.
4	Love starbucks! Service is fast and efficient. I love being able to just drive thru lol! One thing that kinda sucks about this location is that its kind of hard to hear the employee and take your order because you're right at the corner for the stop lights. Other than that, the employees here are very cheerful, nice and polite. Love the drive thru location!
5	I absolutely love this store.  I always feel welcome and loved here.  It's like going home.  Although the partners have all changed since I first started coming to this store, it still has that same magic.  While many of my other favorites have come and gone I can always come here to be uplifted.  I hope the partners here know how special they are.  They may make delicious coffee but I come here for much more. It's the feeling of community, energy and joy they deliver that means much more to me.  This should be a model for every store.  Thank you for all the smiles, they really do matter!  You're simply the best!
5	Today I went through the very long drive-thru, no make-up.  The line moved very quickly.  A very cheerful lady greeted me at the box and then again at the window.  My drink was repeated back to me.  Iced Trenta no classic Green Tea Lemonade.  Megan(maybe, curly adorable hair, cute hand written name in candy cane design), scanned my phone as she handed out my Green Tea.  I could tell by the clarity that the lemonade was MIA.  I've been wrong plenty so I told her I wanted to try it first.  She was so nice.  I tried it and sure enough there was no lemonade.  Now this is what separates the professionals from the kids.  She said oh, I will remake that right away, please keep that one.  She apologized and stepped off to make it communicating to the order taker as she passed.  The order taker stepped right in apologized and we had a great conversation about her adorable hair.  Everyone makes mistakes these partners are just so great they just keep it moving, fix it and keep it moving.  I noticed that there always seems to be a young male in charge when I go into this store.  The partners are happy when he's there.  I'm not sure if it's them feeding off of his joy or vice-versa but it is working.  My heart is full once again Val Vista and Baseline Starbucks Partners.  Thanks for another beautiful warm hug to start my day.  You all rock!
5	I like coffee , but because of the staff this is my absolute favorite Starbucks to go to.  They are so friendly and get to know your name, and bend over backwards to make sure you start your day off right.  I think it's amazing that as many people as they serve in a day they know my name and drink order.  Some days they even draw pictures or write on my cup.  Liam, Natalie, Rose and Megan are always happy to see everyone-say hi to them for me.
4	Service was okay, considering that one of the girls working there was kind of rude. More like a 3 and half star.
