3	Just came back from dinner at Coco Osteria. We have walked by it several times and have always thought it looked good, so we gave it a try. Our service was very good and had a great sense of humor, and she took care of all of our needs with no problem. The ambiance here is okay; it sort of feels like a cafeteria inside and is not all that cozy but it's not bad. We ate outside instead since it was so nice out. It's the food that we were not very impressed with here. The caprese was just okay - it was definitely lacking in flavor and the mozzarella was not tasty. I still have yet to find good mozzarella down here and I am almost ready to give up. Overall, the dish was pretty standard. We also ordered bruschetta and couldn't finish it, because the bread was stale. For this reason I would actually give this restaurant the 2.5 rating, but since the site only allows whole numbers I rounded up. My entree was penne pasta with cheese, fresh vegetables, in garlic and oil, which sounded far more tasty than it actually was - it was bland and not very satisfying. My fiancee ordered the chicken with prosciutto over potatoes, and we both agreed the potatoes were the best part of the meal. The menu states that the chicken is "lightly breaded", but really it was a deep fried chicken cutlet with prosciutto and mozzarella on top.We didn't stay for dessert here, and decided that we were glad we tried it, but aren't sure if we'd come back.
4	This romantic, intimate Italian eatery is in the heart of uptown. It's a perfect spot for dinner before or after a theater performance or other event. I love the maccheroni alla butteria with its amazing tomato cream sauce. They have a variety of pasta and meat dishes. I've always had good, attentive service there. Coco Osteria is one of my favorite places to go for dinner in uptown. Although it's small, I've also never had to wait for a table. Still, you should probably make reservations ahead of time.
4	I've only been here for lunch, and only on days when I don't have a lot to do afterwards.  Perhaps because of the way that I order, but I always end up leaving stuffed.  I generally go for the pasta (like penne, but I can't remember the name) with the tomato cream sauce, sausage, and peas.  It's soooooo good, but filling.  The salads and bread have always hit the spot too.  It's just basic, fresh, satisfying Italian food at a reasonable price.  I think the management of Coco Osteria also runs Luca, a pricier Italian option close by, but I've actually enjoyed my meals more at Coco.  Also, this isn't an Itialian place like Mama Ricotta's -- no family style; it's much more like a bistro.The restaurant itself is on the smaller side, but it's open and has so many windows that it's always bright during the day and you can people-watch the lunch crowd outside.  They also have a small outdoor seating area for when it's nice out.  If you're craving Italian uptown, check out Coco Osterio, I bet it'll hit the spot.
4	We received a $75 gift certificate for Coco Osteria, so we decided to give it a try.  We booked an early reservation before seeing a show at the Belk Theater.  With the floor to ceiling windows and the room just one big square in Coco Osteria, I felt a little exposed with little to no privacy, but we still had an enjoyable experience overall.  Since we had a large gift certificate, we decided to make the most of the experience.  We ordered appetizers, salads, entrees, desserts, and wine.  The bill ended up coming to more than $100 by the time we were done sampling everything, but it was worth it.  The prices at Coco Osteria are surprisingly not that high for Uptown dining and we received a lot of delicious Italian food (and extremely full bellies) for what we paid.  They have your basic upscale Italian menu, but nothing overly exotic.  Also, there's nothing that shouted "wow!" to me on the menu that I haven't had before, but everything tasted delicious.  It's a good (and fancier) alternative to chain Italian restaurants like Macaroni Grill or Carrabba's, but not so expensive that you'll say, "that much for pasta?"  Plus, it makes for a nice meal before seeing a show or doing something else Uptown.  Just make sure to make reservations before you go.  The smallish restaurant tends to fill up quickly!
4	Well played, Coco Osteria.  I tried this place for lunch yesterday and had a great experience. I ordered the salmon entree and substituted the spinach side instead of the rice.  The piece of salmon that arrived was a very sizable portion (especially for lunch) and cooked perfectly. The sauteed spinach that came underneath it was also nicely done. One of my coworkers ordered the eggplant parmesan, and she was pleased by the fact that it was a rather delicate preparation and not covered in cheese and sauce.  My other colleague ordered the ravioli, of which she ate every bite. We were too stuffed for desert, but perhaps next time.  And there will be a next time!
2	Maybe the key is going for dinner, but lunch is worse than uninspired -- it's downright bland. Our panini sandwiches weren't grilled; they were toasted. That's not tragic, but on a second visit our shrimp were rubbery and a frittata  was tasteless. Pretty room, though, and the white bean appetizer is flavorful.
2	Based on positive reviews here, we went to Coco in early evening on Saturday for dinner before going to a concert.  The restaurant is attractive enough, the decor is pleasant.  The menu is really such a disappointment: in the first place, it appears to be just photocopies in plastic sleeves... kind of cheap, but not unseen if the menu changes frequently.  I don't think that that is the case here... the hors d'ouevres consist of calamari, caesar salad, bruschetta,  caprese... very standard stuff, very unimaginitive.  We tried the caesar salad and the bruschetta.  Nothing special at all.  I think that the greens for the salad came from a bag.  Croutons too, it tasted like.  In fact, the menu was so uninspired that we left in order to see if we could do better for our dinner.
3	My wife and I went here for a celebratory night out and we left feeling neither good or bad about the place. It was just OK. The food was average. Better than you would pick up at the Olive Garden but nothing we ate was really fresh or made from scratch. The service was good and the staff was nice. The location and atmosphere was great, it felt very relaxed.
3	For my last night in Charlotte, we decided on Italian.Coco Osteria was good - nothing special though.  The Thursday night special is half-priced bottles of wine (one white and one red to choose from).  The bread was delicious - served warm, very soft on the inside.  We started off with the eggplant parmesan for appetizer, that was really good.  The eggplant was cooked to the perfect texture.  I ordered the penne - shrimp and penne in a white sauce for an entree.  That was ok...i could've made it myself i think...The service was good but slow...we were done with our appetizer for about five minutes before the waiter came by again to take our order for the entree.
2	The place looks nice. The food wasn't anything special and the portion was not big enough.
4	We were Uptown without dinner reservations and didn't know where we wanted to eat.  Someone recommended Luce so we stopped by but were blown away by the high prices.  So we walked and found Coco Osteria which looked good with reasonable prices.  It is a tiny place, which was kinda cool, with huge windows.  Everything we had to eat was very good.  The white bean and bread starter (that everyone gets for free!) was different and pretty good.  I would have put more garlic in it though.  And some of the bread was stale.  The bruschetta was so good, kinda sweet, with big chunks of tomatoes.  All 4 of us enjoyed our meals.  We were pleasantly surprised.  I'm not sure if I'll go back just because there are so many places to try, but we did enjoy it.
4	I ate lunch here because I had tried their sister restaurant, Luce, and I was craving a panini.  I was by myself so I sat at the bar.  My server arrived quickly and ran through the daily specials.  I ordered the capri which has fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, basil, prosciutto on focaccia along with a side of pasta salad.   They brought out some bread & beans, which they also do at Luce, so I had something to nibble on while I waited for my sandwich.  The atmosphere was nice, formal trending towards casual.  It took about 5 minutes to get my sandwich.  It was very good.  Don't know if the fresh mozzarella is made on site, but it tasted great.  The pasta salad had a light dressing and was OK.  The service was very good not only with my server, but all of the staff making sure I had everything I needed. I would go back here again.
4	Fantastical. Just ate lunch there with a co-worker. In and out in 15-20 minutes AND the food was phenomenal. It was a little crowded due in part to the lunchtime rush hour at the Hearst Tower.We both had theTortellini with Capicola across the top. Muwah. Phenomenal. I am excited and looking forward to going there again.
4	Stopped into Coco on a Saturday night just prior to 7PM.  There was certainly a diverse crowd of tourists, theater go-ers, locals etc.  We sat outside on the Hearst plaza and started our order with a delicious white wine.Since we were going on to meet friends and we didn't want to walk left-overs home we opted for 3 starters.  The mozzarella in the caprese salad was some of the best we've ever had.  Completely fresh & the tomatoes they used were perfectly ripe.Zucchini chips & chicken skewer with prosciutto followed.  Both delicious and the chicken was tender.  With the complimentary olive oil and bean served with billowy bread starter it was the perfect amount of food to start our evening.No doubt we'll be back.  Their website lists 4 sister restaurants and says that they validate Hearst Tower parking for those who need to drive into Uptown.  For affordable, fresh food & that tastes great, this is on a short list in CLT.
4	the pizza margherita and espresso was surprisingly good.  was only in charlotte for a day, and glad i came.
4	I've been here for lunch a couple times now, and it grows on me a little bit more each time.First, be forewarned...this place is tiny. Like...itty-bitty. So make a reservation, or come early for lunch, because otherwise you don't stand a chance of getting a table. Once you're inside and have secured one of the few tables, enjoy...because the food is pretty delicious. From the yummy complimentary bread and olive oil + cannellini bean spread to the large (a recent development, as their menu as has apparently grown of late) menu, this place hasn't disappointed me yet.My new favorite dish is the Polletto, which is lightly breaded chicken breast, prosciutto cotto and fontina cheese over oven-roasted potatoes, which is seriously amazing...I think I've actually developed a craving for it. Yikes. Its kinda of like chicken parmigano...only better :) I've also tried their Arrabiata penne pasta with garlic and spicy marinara sauce, which was also great, and coworkers have said that their salads are pretty good too...although I'll probably never find out as long as the Polletto is on their menu. Oh well. Its a sacrifice I'm willing to make.Try this place...it's delish. But make reservation first.
3	Came here with co-workers for dinner right after a flight from San Francisco and we were starving! I'll be damned if US Airways is going to charge me $7 for some cheese and crackers. I held out and wanted to save my appetite for Coco Osteria and I'm glad I did. The food was good. The stuffed mushrooms were my favorite. Not the best but it hit the spot. The entree portions were plenty. Service was good. The restaurant is tiny indeed! There were four of us and we were running out of space to put plates on the table. Prices are reasonable.
5	I've only been there for lunch.  Bruschetta was fantastic.  Love the atmosphere, can't wait to eat there in the spring!
4	I appreciate fast, friendly, efficient service. Especially when I'm running behind on my way to a show at the Blumenthal. I understand that when hubs and I saw down for dinner at Coco Osteria at 6:30, aiming to eat, pay and get next door to the theater by 7:20 was a huge request, but the folks here were pretty fantastic. Although out server, John, mentioned that it would be tight with time, we ordered right away and enjoyed the patio outdoors next to the Hearst building. A glass of prosecco and a few slices of bread and white bean dip later, our split appetizer and entree came out like a flash - hot and fresh! We split the caprese - standard, tasty tomato with a hunk of mozzarella and fresh basil, and the farfalle pasta - bow tie pasta with broccoli, sun dried tomatoes, caramelized onions and chicken. While the pasta dish was a little heavy for the hot summer evening, the flavors were great and the large split dish was the perfect amount to keep us full without weighing us down. I really appreciate that our server quite literally split both dishes and gave us our own portions - a really nice touch, especially when we weren't charged a split fee. That only earns them an extra star.I'll definitely head back to Coco Osteria - if not for a quick lunch then for another experience on the patio with a big ole glass of prosecco!
2	Felt like it's a three star place, but downgrade because everyone else is overrating it.Came here for lunch on Friday, pithiest way I can describe the place: "run-of-the-mill"  The food was terribly bland and service was average.  Prices were okay.  Special of the Day: Penne Pasta with Salmon - it was lukewarm by the time they brought it out.  Panini - tasted fine but not enough flavor.  Salad - I don't need a lot of dressing for my salad, but this definitely needed more.  Lunch takes a long time to serve too.dmo out
2	Well...a pretty rocky start for my first experience here.I phoned in to place a take-out order; was told it would take 15 minutes.So I planned it to arrive at 25 minutes.When opening the door the first thing you're greeted with is the serving station (dishes, cleaning station, beverage cart and so on).  The other odd thing is there is 1 tv in the restaurant and its at this serving station; the last thing the staff needs to have in this restaurant.Stood at the door for nearly 10 minutes before the first hello...a few minutes later a waitress asked if I needed help.I was then told my food would be up in a minute.After 10 minutes of waiting...a couple came in...they were not greeted and the gentleman said to the lady he was with, "this isn't a good start, let's go elsewhere."  Good move on their part.The waitress even told the Manager about my frustrations (now 20 minutes in waiting for my food), but the Manager obviously didn't care; he said not 1 word to me.Its very small inside, which doesn't bother me at all...what bothered me was the fact that seating is limited, the restaurant wasn't even half full and the staff couldn't keep up, let alone provide a good product.Got home with the food and really wished I had the past hour or so of my life back.With the Bruschetta that I was served, this location should not be classified as an Italian Restaurant.Linguini was descent at best...sauce lacked any sort of flavor punch.The "Fresh" bread, not so fresh.Rigattoni....blahThis place is so close to my home and I was really excited to try it for the first time, hoping I would have a new neighborhood gem...but highly disappointed now.Unfortunately, I will not be going back; no second chance here after a witnessing a Manager who doesn't care.
5	I have no hesitation giving this restaurant 5 stars. The food was delicious and the service was great as well. I came here for lunch and had the coco mare - the seafood salad that has avocado, hearts of palm, corn, grape tomatoes, shrimp, and crab with lemon and olive oil. WOW one of the best salads I have ever had. I also ordered an amazing capuccino after lunch - one of the best I have ever had! Definitely want to try it out for dinner
3	Disappointed with built in 20% gratuity for 6 persons for a soup/sandwich lunch.Portofino sandwich was bland (chicken/mozzarella) 3 layers of bread made it filling but w/ only one layer of c/m.Just average - not like Luce or Toscana quality levels.
5	This place is intimate and the staff very friendly. Those looking for a quick dining experience should be warned this is more European then American, be prepared to take your time and enjoy your meal. Our food was flavorful and the wine selection was more than adequate.
4	I have been to Coco Osteria countless times for lunch and a few times for dinner. It's a small, quaint urban ristorante that treats you and your stomach well.At lunch they typically start you off with bread and delicious cannelini beans +  tomato/onion in olive oil. Yum.  I always gravitate towards the daily special or seafood pasta. However, the pollo paillard salad and caprese is also great. Their soups are almost always fantastic.  I tend not to get the pizza because it's pretty thin/small so doesn't seem as great a value.  Lunch entrees tend to be around $10 which makes it a great lunch spot, and service can get you in/out within an hour. In addition the outside tables make it a nice alfresco dining experience if the weather allows.  I think it's a much better value and reliable quality than their sister restaurant Luce (though I'm still bummed about Il Posto closing). Bottom line: I think it's the most solid, reliable Italian lunch spot.
3	We decided to meet here for a wedding cake consult meeting/lets get buzzed and eat session because the wine menu was decent.Fairly nice place. Our server, John, was spot on. A rare case of outstanding knowledgable staff. We had three appetizers (we were there a little over 2 hours). All three of which were super tasty. Two bottles of Four Vines Zinfandel (over priced but it's downtown Charlotte, of course it was). I ordered the Parmigiana. It was extremely good. Not dry at all. Good sauce and just right balance of meat to pasta. I like the fact that the place is small. It provides an intimate feeling. The food costs were extremely reseasonable, quality was high, and the server was exemplary. We will certianly be back.
5	Looking for a small intimate italian restaurant?  This is the place for you!  This place is an adorable little place with a great atmosphere!  It is a little small, but having a big mirror on the wall made the place look a little bigger.  It also has big glass windows, so it's nice to look outside every now and then.  The inside just gave me a comfy feeling.The food was DELISH!!!  I had ordered the tagliatelle and could not get enough of it!  It was just the right amount of parmesan cream sauce with prosciutto.  I had to stop eating so I could take some home.  I felt like it was a very good portion.The only downside of this place was that it's small, so it was a little hard to find, and they did not have their own parking spot.  But they don't lose any stars from me since the staff was wonderful.  Everyone was so nice and friendly.  Also make sure to make a reservation since it's a quaint little place with limited seating.  I just loved this place and know that I will be going again soon in the near future.
4	It's a tiny place, but very intimate and romantic. The service is great and very professional. I tried a new kind of red wine and it was the best red wine I've had. The food was great as well; I ordered the tagliatelle it was absolutely wonderful.  Their pastas are homemade and the sauces are just right. It is nothing like a chain Italian restaurant. If you want the real deal, I definitely suggest this place!
4	Hotel suggested this place for us and it did not disappoint.  Inside was casual and they had a nice, but small outdoor seating area where we ate.  Service was great and very attentive.  The food felt very authentic and had a rustic Italian taste.  I would not hesitate to go back and would recommend to others.
3	Good place, wish they had more veg. Options
4	This place has closed.  The owner converted it to a Spanish tapas place.  I want Coco Osteria.. It was my favorite spot.
