5	I live on 19th Ave right in the middle of the Light Rail construction.  I don't use a broom to weep my floors...I use a shovel!  It's not dust I deal with, it's dirt.  I hired Handybook Home Cleaning to really clean out all this dirt.  One woman came and in two hours this place was sparkling!  Everything got done while being friendly, pleasant and professional.
5	I was very impressed with this company.  I used them once with a Groupon.  I have since booked a regular bi-weekly cleaning through them.  I love that they will also use my cleaning products along with the ones they bring.  I asked them to do that because I like the smell mine has.  I would definitely recommend this cleaning service!!!
5	Lori came to clean my apartment today and it is absolutely amazing!!! My apartment is spotless and I requested her to sweep my patio which was a complete mess and now it's sparkling! I also added on an oven cleaning which is unbelievable! I will definitely be booking again and requesting Lori!
5	Francella did a great job. She really took the time to be sure the whole apartment looked perfect. I will definitely be booking her again!
5	This company has impressed me from the very beginning!  They revolutionized the process used by other cleaning services I've tried through Groupon by offering very easy online booking and an exemplary communication process (i.e. you don't have to worry if they've 'forgotten' you, if they'll show up, etc., as they keep you posted through email and text).  It was so stress-free compared to other companies - and hey, isn't that what a cleaning service is all about?  And to top it all off, Lisa G. was absolutely wonderful!  She was personable, polite and did an outstanding job.  I can't recommend them highly enough - what a great process and outcome - I am in the process of booking regular service!
5	Francella did an awesome job.  She was professional, fast and efficient.  She asked lots of questions as to what I wanted done and how I like things.  The house looked wonderful when she was finished.  I have since booked bi weekly cleanings and have requested her to be my service provider.  I would recommend using Handybook to anyone who is looking for a cleaning service.
5	I purchased a Groupon for 2 hours.  Diamond was very sweet & friendly.  We were very happy with the cleaning job.  She was a pleasure to deal with.
1	My experience was horrible from start to finish, and there was all kinds of issues in between. I initially booked a cleaning with the company through a Groupon- two weeks in advance. And the cleaner never showed up. I waited on hold for 45 minutes before speaking to someone for it to be rescheduled.It was rescheduled for a few days later, but that same evening I go an email saying they would not be able to follow through with the appointment. No explanation, or attempt to reschedule. At this point, we write an email of displeasure back, stating we were disappointed and would be sure to share this "stay away from" company with our friends and colleagues. The following day, I received a phone call from a customer service rep apologizing and pleading for one more try. I told him I would think about it, and email him. He said great, and sent me an email including the offer of a free 3 hour cleaning that he had offered on the phone. At this point since I had been issued a refund I figured might as well  have  it cleaned for free and never use them again. Well- due to their in ability to serve customers properly, that never happened. I had booked my cleaning for 12:00 noon on a Tuesday, and they email me 4 hours after I get a confirmation saying they had to move it to 8:00 pm on a Tuesday. Who on earth wants a cleaning person at their house until 11:00pm!?!?!? I receive another confirmation for this "new appointment time" and again, have to wait another 30 before finally speaking with someone. I cancel it, think this annoyance is finally over- and then 2 weeks later I get an email reminder about my 8:00 pm appointment coming up! I just cancelled that?! WHY would  I want it the next month!? Apparently the company signs you up for repeated service. If the company offering this service was competent, it may be a perk but in this case it just made a pain an even bigger pain. Stay away!!
5	I booked a Groupon and Keirah did a FABULOUS job geting our house clean.  Ive seriously never seen it look so nice and orderly.  She was detail oriented, even folded the toilet paper and organized my mess of magazines to look pretty.  She even made my 3yr old son's room look organized...magical.  Great service and super friendly!
5	I purchased a Groupon 4hour cleaning.  It was necessary for me to rebook due to unforeseen event.  The internet system for booking/canceling was very efficient. I appreciate the email and text updates regarding my service.  Diana showed up on time, I asked if she knew I wanted all the blinds cleaned, she did.  I was very pleased with her demeanor and cleaning skill.  She finished early and was willing to clean baseboards as well.  We chatted a bit about our lives while she worked, delightful. I will certainly request her again.
4	I had family coming in, the house was a mess, and Cinderella had escaped. I was frantic to find someone to clean & tidy my place at short notice.I learned about Handybook via an Amazon deal. I came to Yelp to read the reviews and saw any even better deal here. I got 3 hours of cleaning services for only $19! That's unheard of!  And luckily for me, they were able to schedule me someone at short notice. Amazing!My cleaning specialist arrived right on time. Actually, a little early, which was great because she was able to do a walk through and ask any questions without it cutting into the cleaning time. She was very nice and personable, but not at all too chatty (as I've experienced with others ). There was no signage on her car, but she wore a uniform and the company's name was on her shirt. She worked for 3 hours on my 2 1/2 level home (just her; no team), and she did a really good job. The only reason I didn't give it that extra/ 5th star is because there were a couple of things that were missed, and she seemed to lack some basic cleaning supplies/tools. Overall, good service, great deal. I'd use them again.
1	Don't use this company! Completely unreliable and inconvenient. I bought a groupon, at the first attempt the woman showed up thirty minutes late (making me late for work) then called me an hour later saying she had to leave early due to an emergency. So I give them another chance and reschedule my appointment. The night before they are supposed to come I get an email stating the professional scheduled had to cancel, and for me to reschedule. I'm over it, getting a refund and notifying groupon about them. Such a waste of my time.Also, I think all the positive reviews with no pictures are fake, from people that work or worked there or just the owners making up fake profiles to try to salvage their business.
1	I am having a housewarming party on Saturday. I was using them for the first time. I made the booking and got a confirmation that the cleaning crew will be at my place on Friday at 4:00PM. On Thursday night at 9:00PM, I got an email from them saying the cleaning person will not be able to come and they cannot find another person. What am I supposed to do at 9:00pm. Can't even book another service because every company is completely booked. Thanks for screwing me at the last moment. I will never ever use you guys. This was my first time but this has left a bad taste in my mouth.
1	DON'T USE THEM...Yelp won't let me give them another 1 star so am giving them 2 stars so that my review can be published..Decided to give them another chance because I couldn't find another company because every company was booked. Again the same thing happened. I got a confirmation that their crew will be at my place at 10:00AM. At 8:30PM Friday night I got an email from them saying they cannot find anyone to come clean my place and that I have to reschedule. Are you kidding me???? What am I supposed to do at 9:00PM. All the other places are closed. I have a party at my place tomorrow. What in the world was I thinking that I decided to give them another chance!!! Pure disappointment. These guys should be ashamed of themselves. They have no respect for their customers. Pathetic service.
1	NOT RELIABLE!!! I got a Groupon for a 3-hour cleaning service a couple weeks ago. On the booking day, the professional was 30 minutes late so I tried to call her but she didn't answer. I called customer service right away to cancel and reschedule since the agent on the phone promised me it was totally unusual and that he would make sure I'd get somebody more professional the next time. Well, two days later I got a confirmation email with the exact same cleaning professional!! Being nice and all, I've decided to give her a second chance. After all, maybe she got in a car accident the first time around or something... But sure enough, she didn't show up the second time around. So this time I called customer service to request a refund and cancel my account completely.
1	Do not use their app to book! First it scheduled the wrong day so I thought I had a no show. THEN, on the day it scheduled for I got a text saying my cleaner would be there at 3 pm. I checked the app again and again guess what, wrong again! My appt was booked for 4 pm according to the app. I contacted them and got an email saying the cleaner would be there at 4, but it's now 6:28 and no one has showed up. Don't waste your money or time, this service is not worth it!
1	Don't book them. I got an email from them saying I can book again and now they have professionals available. I thought 3rd time will be a charm. Made a booking on Monday 07/28 for Friday 08/01. Again same thing happened. Got an email from then saying they cannot find a professional to clean my house and I have to reschedule. This company is a joke. Come on guys. 3rd time in a row!!! Save your money people and don't use them. I have posted pictures of their emails.
4	Got a Groupon, booked and all went great.  They text me in the morning and they were able to come early.  House looks great now.  Thanks
4	Yes, I bought a Groupon for a two-hour cleaningYes, my cleaner professional Ava contacted me a day earlier to confirm my booking Yes, she arrived promptly at 10 am (even a minute earlier to figure out her parking situation)Yes, she worked for the full two hours by herselfYes, she asked me which areas I'd like her to focus on before she startedNo, the place was not "spotless" after she's doneBottom line: she only had two hours to clean and it's understandable to me that she might miss a few hair here and food crumbles there, but she tried covering all areas I asked for. It was not perfect but it was a fair deal with what I paid for. Hey, at least she showed up! :)Yes, I would recommend her and Handybook based on this sole experience.
5	Ive used handy book twice now.  Requested for Kim the 2nd time around because she was quick and thorough the first time.  I got a  groupon for the first cleaning. It was a 2hr deal. Kim arrived early, both times. She asked me what I needed done or what  she should focus on  - bathrooms and mop whole house.  It's a 1700sq ft home, w 3 bdrms 2 baths.  Bathrooms were spotless, even the tub. She even cleaned the master bath double doors.  Vacuumed the whole house and then mopped. Impressive.  2nd visit: She even helped me dust the blinds, coz i was cleaning the blinds and fans.  She's such a gem!
1	We got the groupon as well. Scheduled our appointment 6 weeks in advance. 4 days before the appointment we get a text trying to reschedule us for a different day that was more convenient for the cleaner. We refused as we chose our original date for convenience for US. Then 2 days before the scheduled appointment another text from the cleaner telling us she "can't fit us in until 4pm" our appointment was for 10am, 4pm does not work for us. She said she would "call it in to reschedule" the day before the scheduled appointment we had heard NOTHING so my husband called to check on it. At that point it was actually put in for a re-assignment, and they rescheduled us for 4pm, without talking to us. VERY shady and unreliable, a TERRIBLE way to do business. You don't even talk to the actual scheduler when you call, the "customer service" files a request to scheduling. How do you run a company like that? Customers want to have confidence in their scheduled appointments! NEVER again.
5	Michelle just cleaned out home. And I can't believe how beautiful it is. She was fantastic to have here. Michelle was so patience with my dog and daughter. They were obsessed with her. (Which is so great because the old wives tale is kids and dogs know good people ) I definitely suggest going with handy hook and asking for Michele. She will take wonderful care of your home and bring sense if happiness to your home.
1	No call no show. I was so excited to get my house cleaned before vacation but my assigned professional never showed up or called. No one ever contacted me. I had to wait on the phone for 30 minutes to talk to live person to get a refund. So disappointed.
5	Handybook as a company is okay. You take your chances anytime you have someone in to clean.I've used the service a few times and the cleaners have been okay.But the girl I got the last time is a real keeper. Her name is Lori V. And I have decided to rebook her from now on.She shows up early, cleans as much as possible in the time allotted, and is friendly. Even my pets like her.Handybook says their professionals use "the method" cleaning products.Lori V. had some method products but she also used some GreenWorks products and swears by the Mrs. Murphy's all purpose cleaner .It's nice that she uses what works and is still "Green" and not just using what Handybook says they should.I will use them again and recommend my friends request Lori V. as well.Calling customer service is a bit of a pain though. Very long wait times and horrid hold music. Using the online service is less of a hassle.All in all A+ service
4	Again I had a cleaning by handybook. Unfortunately, my previous cleaning professional was unavailable.The girl they sent, Anna M. was nice. She was a little on the slow side, but did a decent job.I will continue using handybook but would prefer the same cleaner every time.
5	Had my first cleaning today and am totally impressed. Keirah is thorough and professional. She got places spotless that I thought were beyond redemption. The booking process is simple, rates are very competitive. Highly recommended.
5	Andria cleaned our home this afternoon. She was super sweet and an amazing professional! I just booked a recurring monthly service with her!
5	This is the second time I have had my cleaning done by Michele.I have been very satisfied with her work. The place looks so nice when she is finished.So far--I am very happy with this service and will continue to use them.
3	My first cleaning went great, so I proceeded to a have a second cleaning. It was absolutely horrible and I was going to write a wretched review because I was SO disappointed (she asked me to drive her to/from, was texting on her phone the entire time... SERIOUSLY every time I looked at her, didn't even go inside the bedrooms to clean, didn't clean the floors, although I specifically asked for her to focus on that... The place didn't even look clean AT ALL when she left). It was such a different experience from the first one which left me even more disappointed. I called the 888 number and although I had to wait 30+ min, talked to someone who refunded my money. I have to give their customer service some major props, because without that I wouldn't be booking again... I'm going to give it one more shot and see how it goes and I'll write an updated review after that!
1	I was very impressed with the job Bonnie did cleaning my house.  She got into nooks and crannies I didn't even know were there.  Plus she is very pleasant and friendly.  She can clean for me anytime.3 cleanings later nobody either showed up or called me to cancel.  When I tried to call Bonnie to see what happened the call went right to voice mail.  I called the company and nobody had any idea where she was and they could not get a replacement for me.  I'm done with Handy forever.  If you think about using this company be prepared to be very flexible - Bonnie never once came on time.
5	I got to this company through Living Social and am so impressed with their mode of operation. It was incredibly easy to book an appointment through their website. Once I did the communication was phenomenal. They validated the date and time and as the day got closer there were reminders and an introduction to the service provider that was to come. This continued up to the day before she was to come giving me plenty of opportunity to change the appointment if something had come up to interfere with the fulfilling of the appointment. Theresa, herself, called before she came to assure me she was on her way. When she came she was incredibly courteous and had obviously read what I wanted her to concentrate on as communicated in previous emails. She surveyed the house and after unloading all of her organic products and equipment got right to work. We had a very friendly conversation and I enjoyed talking to such a motivated, caring young woman. She continued to work straight through for the entire 4 hours and left my house sparkly. It was a most pleasant experience and I would welcome Theresa and this company in my home again.
4	A new cleaner came today to do my house. She did a fine job and would have given her a 7 out of 10 when they asked me to rate her except I found out that the ratings we customers give impact the cleaners pay.That seems a bit unfair. The girl today explained their pay system to me. It's human nature to always leave room for improvement. So if your cleaner did a great job we still only give a 7 rating. Which means our cleaner that worked hard to make us happy actually looks like she did just an ok job.So people.. if your at all happy with your handy.com cleaner give her a 10. Don't skimp on the ratings. It costs you nothing and makes sure your cleaner gets a decent wage.Remember.. they don't make what your paying. Not even close..
5	Jacquie cleaned my house last night.  She did a great job! You never know what you're going to get when you use a cleaning service the first time. I'm very happy and will definitely continue with regular cleanings
5	Sharan cleaned at my home today, and was very hard-working and did a thorough job on the areas we concentrated on. She called about fifteen minutes before the scheduled time to let me know she was on her way, and then a couple of additional calls to find my place. She brought all of her own supplies and did a beautiful job on my bathrooms and floors. She is coming again next month and I plan to contract her regularly in the new year.
4	I initially went with Handy because I found a good deal on Groupon for housecleaning.  I had a bridal shower and no time to knock the dust off by myself.  Christy showed up on time, did exactly what I asked and even made sure to talk with my husband before leaving to ensure everything was completed to our liking.We booked a second cleaning with Christy and was again very impressed.  We had some stubborn shower residue that in the first cleaning she wasn't able to 100% take care of; she said if we booked with her again she would be sure to bring the stronger cleaner.  By golly by shower is WHITE.  This is not a service for some one who is wanting their house scrubbed spotless top to bottom; they do a good job in focused areas and help YOU maintain your house...you do still have to put a little work into things folks.  I have certainly paid for housekeeping before at around $150/biweekly and expected a perfect house when I came home.  When you pay around $45-$60, expect there won't be cobwebs hanging from the ceiling and clean counters, but not for everything to sparkle spotlessly.I have been pleased with my Handy services so far and intend to continue with my bi-weekly cleanings with Christy.  I like the website and the ease of making/changing appointments.  The only thing I wish they did was mop the floors, but if that is all I have to do myself I am a very happy woman.  I have had to call customer service once, just to ask a question and did wait approximately 30 minutes to get a human; this is too long and does need to be improved.  I have recommended them to my mother and she is booking with them too.  Overall I am pleased with my housekeeper and her work and will continue with Handy services at this time.
5	I found a Living Social deal for this company. A really good deal $65 for 4 hours of cleaning. My appointment was very easy to book online, however, they didn't have anything available for about 2 weeks. So expect a wait for your initial appointment.Today was my appt with Celina T. She arrived 10 mins early, was very friendly and professional. She asked me if there were any areas she should focus on which I appreciated a lot since she was only there a few hours. I came home from work and was very pleased! Everything I said to focus on was done and she even washed a load of towels for me (she asked permission first). I have a lot of loose items laying around randomly and Celina was very respectful of my things. I have decided to book her for bi-weekly cleanings. I highly recommend her.
1	They came to our home at least 20 minutes late. The woman was rude to my wife who has MS  and just complained until she was thrown out.. we have someone come in monthly to do s cleaning because of this. Almost had to call the police to do it!!!
2	I tried Handy with a Groupon.  I loved the cleaning service, loved the lady and how professional she was and what a great job she did on my house - but I am disappointed in the company as a whole.After using my Groupon I received a promotion at work which was actually less hours and more income, so I decided I could handle the cleaning load of my home just fine.  I attempted to call Handy a few times a week over the course of 2 weeks.  Both times I would sit on hold for 10-20 minutes and then a recording would say, "Thank you for calling Handy, goodbye," and hang up.Meanwhile Handy.com is regularly scheduling cleanings that I have to keep removing because I can't call anyone to make it stop.Finally I e-mailed them and told them my problems and requested they cancel my account.  At work, a Handy person called and asked for someone named "Nadine."  I said I wasn't Nadine and he was apologetic and then hung up!  Finally a human being but he didn't even let me say anything!I came home to an e-mail that they had cancelled my account for me.So I mean, as far as convenience for scheduling and booking, the web site and app are awesome and really easy to use - it's definitely made for someone who's really busy and needs something quick and convenient.  Booking and rescheduling is a breeze.  But as far as customer service the call center is really lacking.  God forbid you need to actually talk to a person on the phone who knows who they are calling.
5	This was great. I had a little over 24 hour notice to get my place cleaned and this was no problem. Judy showed up RIGHT ON TIME and was a very trustworthy  and pleasant person. She worked her butt off for me!!!!! I probably should have booked 4 hours for my 2 masterbd/2 1/2 bath, 1000 sqft condo but I only did three. There were a few things she did not have time for (blinds, fans, dusting higher srfaces, and stairs) but thats not because she was not trying. Judy was MOVIN! I was very impressed with her and if I need any future cleanings I'll make sure to ask for her.
5	I signed up for a Groupon for 4 hours of cleaning. I had scheduled an appointment and the first girl couldn't make it. Handy was great and scheduled someone else asap! Ava came the next week to clean ( which was the day I chose). She was awesome! Cleaned everything I asked for and more. I would recommend and I'm even thinking of starting monthly service with Ava.
4	I got the cleaner I prefer today. As before she did an excellent job. My house is clean and smells amazing.As before I wanted to add an extra hour to the appointment. But after sitting on hold with customer service for 15 mins I hung up.My cleaner stayed anyways and finished the extras I wanted done.She was wonderful, everything went smoothly and I left her a 10 when handy texted for a review.I also gave her a large tip to pay her for her extra time and understanding.I would have given 5 stars except the customer service wait time is way to long.
5	I purchased my service from Handy through Groupon so it was a pretty good deal (2 hours for 35$). I was a little nervous because I've never had a house cleaner, but wanted to try it out. The amount of work done in two hours was impressive. My apartment is never too dirty but it needed a deep clean(floors, tile, mirrors,etc.). The woman that cleaned, Sabryna, was incredibly nice and my place looks fantastic. She was polite with my kids and didn't stop working the entire time. Not sure if I'll schedule regular visits, but I'm considering it because of the service she provided.
4	Better cleaner than last time. Was personable and did a nice job.
5	I like it! It's reliable and innovative! They're taking advantage of technology to deliver a good product! I absolutely love being able to set everything up online, and receive text confirmation! And the actual house cleaning is great too!
5	I've had three cleanings from Handy so far and the last 2 were done by Judy K.  She is my favorite cleaner and does a wonderful job and I am contracting for her monthly now.She brings her own supplies and will happily concentrate on the areas I want her to spend her time on, and she is dedicated and does great work.  All my experiences with this Company have been really positive, I only have great things to say about them all!
