5	They service the entire valley, it's not just Tempe. They sent this really nice guy to fix the lock on my trunk. Not only did he have the right part on him, he did all the work fairly quickly and really didn't charge too much. He also gave me some tips on signs people are trying to steal your tires (like trying to break into your trunk). Decent people.
2	Other than some sticker shock I was pretty happy with the quick service and 3 minute lock pick job.  There was no friendly customer service tho... which between that and the sticker shock drove the 3-rating... If the guy was more friendly it could have EASILY been a 4.EDIT: 2 star... I'm still bitter about the big cost...  I know I got hustled... :/So, I locked myself out of my bedroom.  I was in a rush and wasn't thinking... I have a lock on my bedroom door because I rent the house and have a roommate with kids over here 50% of the time... nuff said.  I originally bought a good lock for the room but on further thought (and being told flat out by the tech), a cheaper door lock will do the same thing as the nicer lock.  All a lock does is keep honest people honest anyways... SO... because I had a 5-pin lock it cost more than a typical 3-pin interior door lock... ugh - but it took the guy the same amount of time?Here's how it goes down:- Called... guy said ETA 30min with $35 trip charge and the tech would price it on-site (called a few places and they all said the same thing so)- his tech called to verify address... showed up on time- walked in with a typical toolbox.. recognized it immediately as a 5-pin lock and said $120 - OUCH!!!...- I signed the invoice (which had "RCA Locksmith" on the invoice instead of 24-7 Complete but... okay). - Guy grabs a tensioner and a pick... shakes it around a bit... grabs another pick... shakes it around a bit... BAM... lock compromised and door opens.- Tells me I shouldn't have bought the better lock... (yeah i get it now)- Tells me to keep a backup key hidden somewhere (yup, check)- Writes invoice, adds tax... $167 bux... CASH ONLY... - Says can follow me to ATM... okay... so he follows me to atm and do the money deal, get receipt and doneMoral of the story... 1. dont lock your fucking keys in your room... or car etc2. keep a backup well hidden (problem is what people think is hidden isn't)3. become a locksmith... because that's basically $2000/hour  and I could totally do that as a sidejob... I almost had it picked with a bobby pin and a clothespin as a tensioner...In the long run... I feel like an idiot because I locked myself out, which I never do but F... It's still (slightly) cheaper than kicking the door in... replacing the door and trim and lock and all the maintenance of sanding, shimming, painting etc... time = money
4	called this company due to Yelp reviews after another company scheduled an appointment with me and did not show or call.  Agreed with Chuck on the sticker shock - $195 out the door to change a security lock on a mailbox - but I also know that locksmiths kinda have you by the nether regions in terms of they have the way into the places you obviously can't get into.  So the guy who came was knowledgeable and friendly, but I think he got insulted when I asked about his accent and he said born in Texas. ha. Oh well, I can now get my mail, and I got three copies of the key so I'm *really* an idiot if I need to call the locksmith again.
1	Do not use them!  These guys are not a legitimate locksmith company.  They have a BBB rating of F for a good reason.  Google "locksmith scam" and you will find this company satisfies every characteristic of a locksmith scam.  They answer the phone with "locksmith" not the name of their company.  They quote a low price over the phone then jack it up when they show up.  They don't show up in a company vehicle.  They want you to pay in cash.I was charged almost $200 for a home lockout.  After I paid, I felt uncomfortable paying that so I did some Googling and found references to locksmith scams.  I found a few local locksmith companies that have A ratings with the BBB and called them.  I was told the work should have cost $70-$80.
1	I plan on speaking with both the police department as well as the Attorney General about my most recent experience with 24/7. My son locked himself in his bedroom so I called 4 companies to see who could come out immediately before I called the fire dept. 24-7 quoted a 15 time frame. About 30 min later I called the "technician" to find out what his location was and in a slurred speech he stated he was 6 miles away. He was rude and very annoyed by my call. I was at his mercy to have him unlock the door so I was kindly asked him to let me know if he has any trouble finding my home. 20 minutes later I called back and he wouldn't answer. I called the company back and the dispatch (female) told me that she would call him and call me back. She called me back about 7 min later and stated that he was pulling up now. I was relieved and ran outside. Nobody was there. I called her back about 5 minutes later and she said she would call me back. I never got a call back. It was now 1 hour and 20 minutes from a 15 min quote. She stated that she could not reach the technician and that I should call someone else. I was extremely disapointed and now needed to call the police. I called the police and explained the situation, they were very surprised by the situation and the fact that the technician was now MIA. The fire dept and police dept came out and fortunately took care of it. About 10 minutes later I received a phone call from the dispatch at 24-7 locksmith stating that the techinician is not someone that actually works for them however it is a friend of one of their employees and that he had been pulled over and detained by an officer. This is completely UNACCEPTABLE! Not only was this individual pulled over and detained for a good reason however they are sending someone into my home that is NOT an employee? Fortunately we have family in law enforcement and surveillance in our home otherwise I would feel very unsafe! I have asked for a call from the owner and never heard back. I will report this becuase this is NOT OK!
2	Very difficult to speak with on the phone. Took about 25 mins which inst bad for rush hour.  The guy was really nice.  I am notorious for locking my keys in the car and I can say this....THEY ARE WAY OVERPRICE!!!!!! I am still in shock! I wasn't going to pay for it but since my wallet was in the car and they charge 20 buck for a service call...had no choice.  The guy was cook, gave me some advice.  Said if it was your first time doing that, your insurance might reimburse you. But still, way to high!  I would avoid them.
1	DON'T do it. These folks will overcharge you. Listen to me, listen to these other reviewers. They just charged me $212 to pop the lock on my car. After quoting me $40 on the phone.This is how I KNOW they are SCAMMERS: I locked keys in this SAME car in Pennsylvania last year. Locksmith charged us... $45. That's right. I get to Arizona, and these guys tell me I have a "high security car." WHAT?Craziness. I feel robbed. The only redeeming factor was the fact that the technician was really nice. But that's not going to help me recoup the $212 I just WASTED on this scam deal of a locksmith job.
1	Update: Called and it turns out that this IS the same company. So they're overpriced AND bullies. Never again.
1	It felt like highway robbery and after being $100 lighter I was finally in my house. Breaking a window pane is $20 and is something that in retrospect seems like a better idea. What a way to get fleeced for a 10 second screwdriver smash.*Also if your smart don't pay cash so you can just charge back these scammers on your credit card, these guys charge from $60-$500 depending on how much they can hustle you- high pressure tactics- ask you to pay cash or go to atm- overquote as soon as they arrive after promising $34.95 and up initially- didn't even ask for ID or proof I lived there- said the simple qwikset lock was an "advanced" lock which normally would cost $189 and up to openISRAELI MAFIA RUN SCAM AVOIDAvoid these guys ....they're on NBC Dateline as a scam for a reason. They pretend to be a local locksmith company when in actuality they're a nation wide scam group with contractors. I mean just look at their generic website it shows that they exist in Tempe but if you look through their locations they have over 100 cities listed.Check the first 20 ad links for any locksmith related keyword on google- chances are you'll be referred to one of these affiliated sites that this one company creates.
1	SCAM!!!  Price more than doubled from estimate over the phone.  DO NOT USE!!!   After waiting nearly 40 minutes outside with two small children the "locksmith" arrived--no company car (he couldn't even tell me the name of the company!!!--he said he was just a contractor working for several companies).  Well, we paid $100 for one deadbolt lock to be removed!  RUN from these guys!!!
