4	***  This review is for the Jim 3 House of Performing Arts ***I've been to Bishop Gorman several times to see shows in the Jim 3 House of performing Arts.  The Jim 3 entrance is directly across from the stadium entrance.  The performing arts center has both an auditorium for large productions and a smaller black box theatre.The seating in the main theatre is classic high school auditorium.  There is a proscenium stage and the seating is arranged in three sections, left, center, and right--standard seating for many theatres.  Seating is comfortable.  If I had any quibble with the auditorium it would be that I think the pitch of the seating should be a greater degree to ensure better viewing when you have a tall, big hair person, or inconsiderate jerk who sits there with a hat (oh there are more jerks than you think, male and female).Last night, I attended a production of Stephen Sondheim's "Into the Woods."  The lighting in the theatre was well designed.  Most of it is above the first few rows in a ceiling area, and it's very much out of the way and unseen.  Sound in the theatre is great!  Actors could be heard easily whether speaking in low volume or above.  I really like the theatre and hope to see many more productions here.
5	I have two sons attending Bishop Gorman and my husband and I are very pleased. Both of our sons began attending this school since freshman year and currently, one is a senior the other a sophomore.  The overall education and the personal attention my sons receive from their teachers and counselors has been excellent. They are in an environment where education and high achievement in every aspect of life is expected and they have responded well to it. In addition, the school stresses the importance of being a responsible citizen of the community and requires all students to volunteer in the community for at least 100 hours total during their high school years. These hours of volunteerism and compassion toward those not as fortunate have contributed in forming my sons' character in a way that nothing else would. As a catholic family, I am happy that my sons are also learning about our religion.  Overall, I am glad to have chosen Bishop Gorman High School for my sons as they are getting a quality education and have formed friendships that will last a lifetime.
