4	Delightful! Who can beat $1.50 for a tasty macaron? This is a nice treat after shopping at the Biltmore. There are so many flavors to choose from the toughest part of your visit...will be deciding what to pick. I went for pistachio, vanilla bean, banana, chocolate, and raspberry. Yum! The chocolate was pure decadence..and these tasty macarons just melt right into your mouth! I wish the vanilla bean had a thicker spread of filling though. KAK gives you a nice deal - you can order 10 for $14.28. And the service here is great; the girls at the counter offered me samples and were helpful while I took my time ordering. Want a different kind of sweet? You'll find brownies, cookies and 4 different kinds of cupcakes here too. But with over 15+ flavors of macarons to choose from, you HAVE to try at least one. Happy macaron-ing!
5	Just so everyone knows, KAK is inside of the Union at the Biltmore Fashion Park which is group of small local boutique stores inside the building.  I usually have to walk straight past bakeries, cupcake stores or just the dessert section in general because I do not eat dairy.   Well, I almost cried when I saw KAK, pronounced "CAKE" because guess what???  They have Vegan cupcakes and dessert bars, OMG!!!!I bought the Vegan Carrot Cake Cupcake and the Vegan Blueberry Oat Bar.  Both were by far the best Vegan desserts I have tried, not kidding.  My husband who eats everything even tasted both and loved them.  I am so freakin' excited about this place that I can't wait to go back to try their Vegan Double Chocolate Cupcake.  By the way, my cupcake was 1/2 off...around $1.75. Let me tell you something about Whole Foods Vegan cupcakes....they do not taste as good as this place and they charge $5 per cupcake.  So, in my opinion, KAK, has reasonably priced specialty desserts in the cutest, smallest store front I think I have ever seen.
5	Great lil dessert after dinner at the Biltmore! My husband and I tried 5 flavors and loved them all! Can't wait to go back!
2	Disappointed :( visited the Union at the Biltmore and was completely drawn in by the beauty of macarons before me. So many flavors, so many colors to choose from. Since I'm the only one in the household that eats sweets I purchased 6, figuring that was more than enough. I instagrammed the beautiful little European cookies that had accompanied me home. Then finally....it was time...time for me to enjoy these pillowy little desserts from heaven that I drove miles to discover, and to my absolute disappointment, they were terrible. The cookies were rock solid, every single one of them, and the filling, as stale as a stand up comedy act on amateur night. Threw away 6 macarons, lost $10. RIP those poor cookies. [Pours beer onto the ground] This ones for my homies. I'm only giving 2 stars because they were quite picture worthy.
3	My girlfriend and I were wandering around the Biltmore Fashion Park and came across this place. We tried a bunch of the macarons and they were amazing (except the blueberry lavender one, which tasted like soap). So we went back the next night for the cupcakes. My girlfriend got a red velvet which was great and I got a cookies and cream. The cookies and cream cupcake was probably one of the worst cupcakes I've had in a while. There was just nothing to it.... Very disappointed!
5	Had a coconut macaroon as suggested by the gentleman working and as he said it was light an fluffy and sooo good! My entire family is French an have been making macaroons since I was a little gal and these were right up to par! Affordable too at 1.50$ a pop :) amazing customer service too
4	Beautiful macaroons and great valueWe've turned into macaroon connoisseurs as of late.  From New York to Vegas, DC, San Fran, San Diego, and Phoenix, we get some wherever we go to compare.  Yelp! has been our guide to the top shops in all our travels, steering us toward our gastronomic bliss.Yet we stumbled onto KAK when we were walking around Fashion Park.  We never even noticed the little bazaar-like Union, with a collection of tiny shops.  My wife, daughters, and I purchased a 14-macaroon collection.  Flavors: pistachio, champaign, mango, passion fruit, vanilla bean, peanut butter, and peach. They are very good, though a bit harder than what we were accustomed to.  Still, they taste great and are a fun treat.  And at about $15, it's one of the best macaroon deals I've seen.
5	I'm going to judge this review solely based off the macarons. The first macarons I've ever had were from KAK. Since my macaron experience at KAK, I can tell you that no other macaron has really compared. The price here is very fair. It's a little over a dollar for one macaron. This seems to be a very standard price nationwide for macarons. The size of these macarons is a little bigger than what I've found in Denver and in Houston. So, I can tell you that these are pretty good sized macarons. These macarons have a very fresh taste and the sweetness is perfect. They are not overly sweet and they are a perfectly light dessert. My favorite macaron that I bought here was the Early Grey. They have a great creaminess to the filling. I highly recommend them.
2	Small and over priced. Had a assortment of the macaroons.  They tasted better then I expected but was still disappointed. I found that out of the five I purchased two of them were kinda hard compared to the others. The ones that did seem fresh had good cookies that were soft but had little filling. Over all I felt like I was paying more for the packaging then the actual macaroons. It was just okay to me.
