3	I've stayed at this property several times.  The location is primo!  The ambiance so-so, the free breakfasts are good-to-go (ok), and the rooms are just ok also.  There is free internet, a big plus+ and the TV channels are fair to good.How do I say anything about this place to break the ho-hum feeling I get about it over-all?---Hummm---Well, did I mention the free breakfast?!  They have self-made waffles!  There Ya Go!  Waffles!  They provide USA TODAY FREE!  and fresh fruit every morning with a snack bag for your grab-n'-go moment if you must run and skip breakfast...  Did I mention the free breakfasts?!...How's about I focus on the rooms!  The rooms all have a mini kitchen with microwave ovens and conventional stove-top stoves...Utensils and pot and pans---Big Woop!  The curtains do block the sun out very well if you are working swings or midnight, and the AC works well too.  The decor is a step up or two from motel 6, and the ceilings are high.  All that being said...It is worth going here to take care of business but not to impress...It's functional and gets the job done.zzzzzZZZZZzzzz  Did I mention the free breakfasts?!....Why three stars?----Location, Free Breakfasts, and there is the Half Moon Bar and Grill across from the property!----OK, the rooms are functional!----But a bit pricey---$$$
3	I stayed here for two weeks while I was on travel for work. My main criteria for picking a hotel was that it was: a Hilton (need my points!), free wireless, free breakfast, an in room fridge and a safe neighborhood. This place delivered all of those items and threw in a decent pool and free dinners Mon-Thurs (usually something like pasta or enchiladas). The internet was a decent speed, I didn't have any problems with the cleanliness of my room or the water temperature in the shower. It was generally less than 15 minutes to get to my class downtown and the hotel is located to lots of restaurants and shopping areas. If I came back to Phoenix I wouldn't necessarily choose to stay at this particular hotel again but I also wouldn't avoid it.
5	Man....you other Yelpers are tough!!  This place is great...especially if you bring your family!! Big rooms, kitchenettes, great location, very helpful staff! Is it a top Hilton property?...well no. That said, it met all my travel needs and id come back!
5	This place rocks.  Super friendly.  Not just fake friendly; really.  I am sitting here in the lobby working and one of the hotel staff came up and offered me cookies.   The place is clean; the meals are nice; it feels safe;  nice business center to print and fax documents; good fitness center and cut-rate daily passes to LA Fitness next door; very convenient; good laundry machines.   Even our kitty cat likes it.  Being out of your house because it is flooded and needs repair is no fun, but this places has made life much better.
4	Time to get some Hilton Honors points while on a quick trip to Phoenix.  There's a glut of hotels to choose from in the Camelback area.  They're all cheap in the summer so I chose the Homewood Suites because its always nice to have a big room.The location is easy to get to and a block off of Camelback Rd.  Its close to shopping, plenty of restaurants and there's a good sports bar across the street.  Its not the newest Homewood Suites.  If I had to guess, its a late 90's or early 2000's build.  Its good in regards to the rooms being huge and all multi room setups with living rooms and bedrooms.  I don't think they have the "Studio Suite" that the new Homewood Suites have.  The only bad side is the decor isn't newest even though its relevant and in good shape.  There's a full kitchen with a stove, dishwasher and fridge.  And they're still courteous enough to leave the bag of microwave popcorn.The linens are fresh and white although they have a non white comforter which shocks me in the hotel world.  I think the comforter choice is a brand thing though.  There were two flat screen TV's in the upper 20in size.I asked for a high floor away from elevator and was given a 1st floor next to housekeeping on my particular visit.  That was disappointing especially since they acknowledged the disregard for my request when they checked me in.  Somehow they did not have my Hilton number which was odd.  They attributed the low floor to no having any top floor rooms available because of a new room they were installing.The one sad feature of the hotel was the gym.  It had an elliptical and treadmill.  The treadmill was out of order.  There was a stack of weights too.  It wasn't the best gym I've seen and pretty emblematic of 90's hotels.  You'll find your average new Hampton Inn with a gym 3 or 4 times as large.Its a solid hotel, its affordable and as an extended stay format its a nice place to stay.  Are there newer options available but if you need a good affordable Hilton Honors qualifying hotel on the Camelback Rd corridor this is as good as the next.
4	I love the setup at Homewood Suites, it's more like a mini apartment than a hotel room. The rooms have an "at home" feel with a small kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and separate living area. The #1 selling point of this place for me is their individual a/c units. You can get the room Arctic cool even in the heat of Arizona summers! There are NO regulators on the a/c units which means you can be COOL COOL COOL. That is the reason for the 4 star rating from me.The rooms themselves are nothing great -- the layout is SUPERB but wow, are they starting to show their age! Moldy spots and rust stains in the showers, ripped and soiled carpet, dirty walls....it's not that pleasant of a place to stay. This location is in dire need of a renovation.
3	I stayed here this summer. I got a great weekend room rate in June, maybe an off season price? This location was close to where I planned to be in Phoenix. I appreciated the spacious room size and layout. I felt like I had my own apartment for the weekend. The bed was very comfortable. They had a decent variety of breakfast options, including a self serve mini Belgian waffle maker. The front staff could be hard to flag down if they were working in the back office or away from the counter, but they were helpful and friendly. I would stay here again if I'm in the area.
4	Good location.  I liked the quiet room.  The bed was comfortable but the frame was little shaky.  Good breakfast and good housekeeping.
3	Decent for business travel, and conveniently located near several great restaurants and a Whole Foods.
4	Great all around hotel.  Served great bkfst and dinner (mon-Thursday).  Very nice rooms with separate bedroom and full fridge and stove.  Wifi was kinda weak but worked.  Near a medical center so lots of people there for other reasons than fun.  I always try to stay here when in Phoenix.  Close to great hiking piestewa peak.  Sorry sort and to point but gotta run.
5	Good price at $80/night with AAA discount and the 1 bedroom suite was great. I like how all the rooms were connected and not spread out across different buildings. Especially since it is summertime and is quite hot outside. It was nice having two TV's in the room too.Breakfast was great with all the usual eggs and sausages; and they even have a light evening dinner Mon-Thursday ( but we did not try it). I like the cold juice/water in the lobby during the day/night especially since I visited during summertime.  Location is great too near the biltmore district. Across the street is a Trader Joe an Whole Foods grocery store so it is very convenient to grab a few groceries. My only gripe is the wifi signal was a bit weak. The area was very quiet at night too. I would stay again
4	I've stayed at the Homewood chain in various cities and am a big fan.  The chain itself is great for extended stays, family vacations or even the overnight stay.  I appreciate having the extra space when traveling for work and or with the family.  The extra amenities are a plus when traveling on a budget. Free wifi, breakfast and parking!  PLUS points!On a recent visit, this particular location wasn't very full.  After checking in, we went to the room and found a moldy smell.  Possibly coming from the carpets, but definitely the shower curtain in the bathroom.  I went to talk to the staff at the front desk.  Josh had checked me in earlier and was still there.  He heard me out and immediately switched rooms taking note of the odor we discovered.  For the trouble, he upgraded us to a larger suite.  PLUS points!  Good guy and very personable and helpful.Overall a nice stay with the family!Keep on Yelp'n!
3	Nice accommodations but meh breakfast. The room was fairly nice (we split a suite) and I really liked all of the neutrogena products. The breakfast seemed like they were trying to be fancier with hash browns with those red peppers, etc. and nicer quality/style food items, however many of them were burnt and overcooked. I had a much nicer breakfast at a comparably priced place in Flagstaff. They didn't try to make their breakfasts fancy but everything was cooked correctly which I'd prefer. Nothing really stood out particularly for me except for the so-so breakfast.
