5	I am beyond picky, I would never settle for less than perfect and went through several real estate agents finding none that would work with me and have the patience and understanding and genuine caring attitude. Then I met Leah, she was able to not only work her magic to help me refinance but also prepare to buy my dream home thereafter! She has been a true friend and beyond honest and great at everything she has ever done for me. I always recommend her to everyone I even think even slightly could use her talents and abilities.Phenominal help and she became a friend in the process!!!!I would give more stars if I could!
5	My husband and I were looking to move to Vegas and purchase a Condo.  I browsed the King of Condos website and sent Leah a message about a property.  She contacted me quickly to find out what we were looking for and how she could help.  I told her when we would be in town and gave her a list of places we wanted to see and Leah worked us into her schedule on short notice and set up many appointments - even to a place or two that were not on my list, but she thought we'd like.  It was great to see a few extra places and comparable buildings in the area, especially with someone who knows the condo market and Vegas area.   Once we found our new home, Leah continued to work with us to move along our short escrow.  During this time, we were out of town and Leah handled everything locally for us.  She even helped arrange and manage a cleaning crew so the condo would be ready for us to move in almost immediately after closing.  It was so comforting to know that everything was taken care of during a usually stressful time!
5	Punctual and knowledgable. I was pretty picky and she found me the perfect condo at sky. She even got the price down. If I ever decide to leave this beautiful condo Leah will be the first person I call to find a new spot!
5	Leah was amazing. I was in a major time crunch and Leah was so patient and found the perfect  home for my family! She even went above and beyond  when we didn't hear back from the owner in a timely  manner. She made a stressful situation a lot easier.
