4	Late night dessert houses are a pleasant find in this desert town.  Located in the Pacific Asian Plaza on the 2nd floor in the corner, Dessert Avenue reminds me of a Hong Kong-style cafe with snacks for your sweet and savory teeth.We've been meaning to try this place out for awhile, but with them closing at 2 am, it makes it a bit tricky.  We finally made it over tonight after dining next door at Bazic.  We skipped over their savory items like fish balls, noodle soups, green onion pancakes, and rice dishes and went straight for the dessert menu.  They have desserts that include bird nests, harsmar (go look up this one on the internet and you'll laugh your ass off!), sago, tofu custard, jelly, and fresh fruit juices.  It was their 'Fried Ice Series' that piqued our interest and one of the employees asks us if we have any questions.  We ask for an explanation of the fried ice and it definitely sounds pretty good.The BF went for the Sago with Grapefruit, Coconut Juice & Mango Fried Ice ($4.25), while I had the Mango Pudding with Mango Fried Ice ($5.25).  I would describe the fried ice as mango juice being poured over an icy surface and then shaved off to resemble ice cream.  As a result, you get this icy cold and creamy concoction that's smooth and yummy!  We were both very impressed with our choices and left with happy bellies.  You'll definitely find us back here again for Fried Ice!  I only wish they had longer business hours!Side note: Minimum charge is $3.00/pp.Update! 03/20/08 - I told you I'd be back for more Fried Ice!  Yum!  My aunt ordered their mango juice and it came in a huge generous glass.  So tasty!  I also uploaded a couple of pics from our dessert orders!
3	My buddy, who is serving in Iraq, told me all about this place. Coming from a heavily Asian (Chinese/Taiwanese/Vietnamese/Filipino) city of San Jose, I really tried to measure up Dessert Avenue. I really did.LOCATION: It's on Spring Mountain Road which is a strip of Asian stores and restaurants. That's nice because you can hop straight here after dinner.The actual store is located on the second floor of a complex. Parking CAN BE tight, but fret not as there is "underground" parking - under the second story buildings.SEATING: A decently spacious cafe with seating for about 40ish. They have a magazine rack and some games. The counter (no seating) is towards the back and a small kitchen behind it (open view). I didn't visit the restroom, so no comments can be made about it.MENU: From what I hear, the menu is really a lot like what is being served in cafes in Hong Kong and Taiwan: lots of fruit mixes with sago, aloe, and mango jellies. Though called Dessert Avenue, they do serve hot foods, but it really only takes up one page of a 4-5 page menu.WHAT DID I EAT: I had a hot dish and a dessert (duh).- HOT dish: I asked if they had fried squid (calamari), but they didn't. I stuck to the FRIED CHICKEN. When it arrived, there were 6 wings (no drumsticks) on a plate with 4 small forks. But I didn't have 4 plates for the other party members, so we had to eat on top of napkins until the waitress arrived with them (after a customer request). They were decently sized, fried thoroughly, juicy, but not memorable (except for some of the chicken hair that was present).- COLD dish: I asked for recommendations as most of the items were not recognizable to me. I decided to go with something safe: MANGO JUICE with COCONUT MILK/JUICE and MANGO JELLIES. As I was served with a milkshake-sized drink, I was intrigued. There were three layers that seemed like three different substrates that were not mixing! Mango juice on top of coconut milk on top of mango jellies. As I sipped, the mixing would occur until finally, there was a uniform consistency. They didn't offer any boba (which I'm used to), but this was an interesting departure from my usual drink of choice.FINAL COMMENTS: I didn't enjoy my visit, but I'm not going to ding this establishment because of my ignorance of HK desserts. You might like it, but I don't think I'll be returning.NOTES:- Accepts CCs- Only one server (when I went...2:00 p.m.)
3	I tried this place Sat. night to see what it was about.  I ordered the mango pudding and mango fried ice.  It was kind of weird since I've never had anything like it before.  I've had mango pudding before, but not served in this combination.  I would say it was ok, but nothing really to rave about.  I thought the fried ice was more like a sorbet.  My friends got mango pudding, mango fried ice and sticky rice, and watermelon juice.  They thought it was alright too.  I probably won't be returning unless my friends want to.
4	We've been trying to recruit people to this place, and last night we finally had the chance!  My friend asked about the harsmar and all the waitress could say was that it was frog.  (Uh, it's more than just frog! Haha!)We all tried a bunch of different things.  I was pretty set on getting my favorite - Mango Pudding with Mango Fried Ice ($5.25), but the waitress said she preferred the Mango Fried Ice with Sticky Rice instead, so I got that! * Mango Fried Ice with Sticky Rice ($4.25) - I was expecting the sticky rice to be more like the Thai-style, forgetting that black sticky rice could be an option.  The black sticky rice gives it a more nuttier taste, a slight contrast from the sweetness of the mango fried ice.* Sea Coconut Fried Ice - My friend said she really enjoyed thee coconut fried ice part of it.* Sesame and Coconut Fried Ice - The sesame is the black kind that's a bit gritty and it's a slight contrast to the sweet coconut fried ice.* Papaya Juice with Milk and Sago - I really enjoyed the sago texture of this drink.  The BF expected a stronger taste from the papaya, so he was a bit disappointed.  Whereas the overall effect created a very subtle flavor.  (So, I guess it all depends on what you're hoping for with this drink.)  I think with would be really good with mango though!We came in around 10 pm and there was one waitress working, and one guy in the back.  That was fine for us, but could be a bit chaotic if you came with a large party and you ordered a bunch of things.  Nonetheless, I still enjoy coming here since it's among the few that I found in Vegas.(I added more pics of our desserts!)
3	I like a place that has "dessert" in its name. I wish I had dessert in my middle name. Anyways, don't come here expecting to eat tiramisu and cheesecakes. Its all Chinese desserts. Weird stuff like frog and bird's nest. My friend tried the frog (harsmar) and said it doesn't taste like anything. It tastes like what its drowned it. Its just texture. They also have "beef stripe." I think its a typo, but I'm not sure if its supposed to be beef strip or beef tripe. I got the fish ball curry ($5) and fried tofu ($4). All of the price per portion is fair I think. The fish ball curry is just that. Nondescript balls formed out of fishcake, drowned in Japanese-style spicyish curry. The fried tofu was just that. Cubed firm tofu deep fried to lightly crisp the outside, served with hoi sin and sriracha. The tofu was very bland and I had to drown it in hoi sin or my curry. I also ordered a "fresh coconut juice" ($5). It was not made out of coconut juice and most definitely was not fresh. It was like the coconut drink you can get from a boba tea place, all made out of sugary powder and all. Super sweet. I wanted to get some famous fried ice, but ran out of room. The concept still escapes me. I'd have to eat it to understand it. My friend got the azuki bean pancake. It would've been really good, but the oil it was cooked in tasted old. We've been here some times when its crowded. Tonight not so much. There was one party that left as we came in. We were alone for a while, then three parties came in all at one time. The staff is nice and prompt. If you park in the west lot, Dessert Ave is right around the corner.* off the strip, non-casino
5	This is a FABULOUS place for traditional Chinese desserts--very fresh and the service is excellent!
