5	I had a horrible tattoo that Rick was to morph into something I could be proud show off. There are many talented artists here if you are looking for a specific style.Great customer serivce and quality art!
5	Sick Artist, friendly and to the point. If they think what you want to get done isn't gonna look good, they will tell you and work with your ideas and explain why it wont work or look good where you want it. Sick views of the strip but not strip pricing. Good art cost money, and i think there prices are way better then what you would pay on the strip.All in all i know all the artist there personally and they are very dedicated to what they do and put a-lot of love into there art.
5	Just got my first tattoo here! Great experience! Mellow and laid back atmosphere... The artists and owners are super cool and relaxed. They took care of me and made sure I walked away knowing how to take care of my new tattoo! Highly recommend it for Noobs like me. Also, a few chairs away a guy was getting an awesome Iron Patriot tattoo that looked amazing... So clearly they can take care of both simple and intricate tattoos!
5	I am so happy that I found Derek rubright to do my watercolor Phoenix tattoo! I couldn't be happier with the outcome. Not only did I get my amazing tattoo here but now my boyfriend is getting one as well. Awesome staff, great shop. I would definitely come here again, and plan on doing so soon!
5	Walked up & was greeted at the door. Super friendly guys with some amazing art work. The shop was nice & clean. They didn't even mind that we brought our teenage daughters with us. Rob did a fantastic job & using the design I brought in & making it just what I was looking for. My husband is up next & I am sure that it will be amazing or as he says bad ass.
5	My husband & I spent the whole day with the guys at a Trip Ink. We are so happy with the service and work done my husband got his whole upper arm done by Derek and plans a return trip to put on the chest part of it. I got not 1 by 2 pieces done by Rob & am very happy with both. I look forward to going back & putting some more detail into them.
5	My wife and I have been getting tattooed at trip Inc 4 few years now by Rick trip and I'm 100% satisfied with the quality off work and tattooing that they are capable of & I have also seen work done by others tattooers in the shop and they all seem to be very qualified tattooers thanks for all your great work
5	As far as tattoo shops in Las Vegas go Trip Ink is one of the greatest, if not the absolute best. Here you will find several highly skilled artists, that specialize in a variety of styles. Rick Trip is a master tattooist and also one of the most personable, happy, humble, and amazing people to be around. His skill level with tattooing is absolutely incredible.  Anyone who gets a tattoo from Rick can expect to get more than than their money's worth. He works fast and on an expert level. Great shop, welcoming employees, i highly recommend coming in for your next piece.
5	Came here with brothers and was gotten in right away. They were all great guys and very professional. We got 4 tattoos. All similar. All different sizes. Price better then on the strip and quality better. Mine was fast and exactly what I asked for. If I come back to Vegas this will be the place I go for a tattoo.
5	I'm very pleased with my tattoo. This is my 8th tattoo and my first with any color and shading. I've always wanted one as such but wanted to make sure I went to a good place. Zoo was an excellent artist and I'm in love with my tattoo. The place is clean, and all of the staff are friendly. Instead of getting a drunken tattoo on the Strip somewhere, head over to these guys and you'll be happy with the results the next day.
