5	We compared a couple of companies and felt we were getting a better deal overall from AZ. Solar Solutions.   They worked tirelessly to install our system and when a problem arose, they were here to fix it quickly.We have been producing nearly 100% of our energy since April when we became fully operational.   Even on the few cloudy days we have in Arizona, we're generating energy.   So happy to have final made the decision to 'go green'.
5	You'll have to take my word for it when I say i researched several companies, got several quotes before deciding to go with Arizona Solar Solutions for solar at my house. I'm very anal retentive when it comes to spending money on a sizable project for my house.Christal at Arizona Solar Solutions was OUTSTANDING! She was very prompt and setting up an appointment to come to my house and show me the options they had. (This was back in December 2013) I asked her a LOT of questions, probably bordering on badgering. Not just at the appointment, but afterwards by email too. She was very good in quickly getting back to me, even if it was to say she had to speak with someone else so as to get the correct answer. (often times that someone else was one of the company owners if I remember correctly. It's great doing business with a LOCALLY owned business)I signed a contract on a prepaid lease for a 7.5 Kwh system. I asked about getting a larger system. While Christal did offer to provide me a quote for a larger system, I declined it after she explained why they offered the size they did, and how they didn't feel spending more money would result in a bigger benefit. IE: We don't want to sell you a larger system then needed. So let's get you in something sized for your house. WHOA!! Since when does a business out to make money do something like that?! SOLD!I was quoted a time frame of 3-4 months before installation. They were quick in getting applications over to me for SRP and the city for my installation. Top my surprise, they called me in beginning of February to start the installation. Everything was installed in three days. Would of been two, but one of the installers cut his finger and they had to come back to finish another day. The installers cleaned up, were very polite when I was there talking to them.The only complaint that I have is that the design installation plans had to be changed for a new City code, but the engineers failed to notify me of this change. A quick phone call to them, they quickly let me know about it and sent over the updated documents.I've only had my system up and running now about a week, but it's been producing like it's supposed to. I've been VERY happy with the Sales and installation process from Arizona Solar Solutions.Call and ask for Christal! Christal is wonderful, works hard to get your questions answered and anything else you may need. I was so impressed with her and the outstanding pricing/installation from her and the company that I have referred them to friends and neighbors.
5	So far so good.  Signed contract for 12KW System about 6 weeks ago.  They handled everything including design, permitting, HOA approval, Inspection.  Sales guy Rich was very knowledgeable about their offering and really helped through the process.The guys showed up for the install last week.  Got to have a lot of respect for these guys.  A 12 plus hour day in the late August sun spent on my roof and in the attic.  I couldn't do it.   If not for the monsoon rain they would have completed in about 3 days.  Took nearly 8 beers and 6 waters to maintain my fluid levels while watching them huff it.Service Entrance changed out, Inverters installed very professionally - looks great.Ready to go for the panel install Monday morning and throw the switch.  Just have to wait on SRP for the interconnect and I'm on line.Only wish Square D had a Solar Ready panel ready to go so I'm not stuck with a Siemens Main.  That will be out in November.I'll update when on line.
5	System has been on line for about two months now.  Gotten kind of anal about looking at the on-line monitoring about every day.  Woo Hoo - SRP only gets their $18 metering fee now.Still a Five Star rating
