4	The Count was an excellent sandwich. The couscous side was interesting. I would eat here again.
5	The Manhattan sandwich was fresh and spectacular!  The potato salad was rich and delicious,  while the couscous was playful and light.  The quiche was perfect.  Great draft beers and the service was friendly and helpful. Thank you!
4	As an urban planner, i greatly appreciate the appropriately named bar, "Third Space".  Home is your first space. Work is second space. "Third Space" is  this place - a great, interesting, friendly neighborhood bar/restaurant that serves-up an amazing appetizer worth coming back for time after time -- a layered, dip served with toasted pita wedges.  Mind you this is no ordinary dip.  We chose the Farmer which is bacon jam, goat cheese, and tomato jam.  MY GOD, it is good!  I see my future -- happy hour beers and these layered dips!To keep things interesting, a D.J. started to spin until the rain started on August's First Friday Art Walk but this gave us the opportunity to shop and look around the small studios and shops made out of relocated, converted German office quarters from Popago Park.   Really this a friendly bar with easy conversation born at the bar with the  locals and staff.  No doubt I'll be back and striking-up a conversation when you arrive for the first time.  I'll recommend the layered dip, of course!  Unless I find something equally as good which I'm sure they have!
4	Nice little venue downtown. Great happy hour and delicious food. Awesome entertainment. Just an FYI to anyone planning on coming here, the crowd is a little older (definitely not saying that's a bad thing!). I will be back!
5	Blink and you might miss ThirdSpace. A cool (beer-wine only) bar on the corner of Grand Ave and 11th Avenue, I've driven past it every day but hadn't stopped in until this past weekend.A warm welcome awaits from the friendly bartender through a window that serves the outside patio. The weather was co-operating so we sat outside in the early evening and enjoyed the surroundings. The outside area, surrounded by quaint little shops and trees give it a New Orleans courtyard kind of feel. Citronella candles had been placed to deter the blood-sucking insects, and that was most appreciated. The beer selection was impressive, recited filibuster-style by the bartender. They even had $2 PBRs and High Life to cater to the Hipsters. Didn't have an opportunity to try the food, but it gets good reviews here, so I'll come back for that soon.As we were leaving a band was setting up for the evening, kinda looked like Wilson Phillips, but I didn't "Hold On" to hear them....
5	this place rules!went 9pm on a sunday night, hadn't eaten in like 6 hours.thought all hope was lost on something good to eat late night west of 7th ave on roosevelt in the evening, that wasn't expensive or all in my face with their vibe.wow! I was wrong!I got the grilled cheese with bacon jam AND tomato jam, with potato salad. I think it was feta potato salad.AND!we got 'the mex', a pork sandwich with a salad! really good feta dressing. A nice zin, friendly service from the owners, and norah jones, I was surprised it was only 30$!great value, great food, great location. reminded me of bisbee quite a bit, prob my fave vacation spot in phx. check it out! new, local, fresh, good menu. A winner.
5	My new favorite place. We stumbled into Thirdspace during artwalk and ended up staying all night. A VERY chill, lowkey place. Looked full of "regulars"... Some old bikers at the bar, some hippes around the bonfire, local art on the walls. And the "Mex" sandwich & local brew were DIVINE!!! Will be bringing our friends back to hang on the patio again.
