5	Recently got sucked into the hot yoga craze, and I must say- I am addicted! It is so energizing, relaxing, and a wonderful alternative for an outstanding cardio workout. The instructors are knowledgeable and so helpful! I've taken yoga at other facilities numerous times and always got bored rather quickly, but this place really catches you by surprise and makes you want more. The studio itself is spotless, chic, and beautiful, I've never seen anything like it. Even after showering there (and trust me, I can hardly ever even step into, let alone use, a public bathroom), you will never want to wait to shower at home!Perhaps a little pricy, but so worth it. If you're curious to try it out and see for yourself, they have an all-you-can-yoga deal for 20$ that lasts 7 days. Then see how you feel about committing to it.
5	This has got to be the cleanest yoga studio in Montreal!Enso Yoga has two beautiful rooms, with beautiful wood floors and pillars interspersed around the room which definitely gives the impression of a Hindu Temple and not an urban yoga studio. Everything is in white and luxurious polished wood. Hot Yoga is exactly that - hot and that means you'll be sweating pools. Sweating through your clothes, into your towel and onto your mat. If a yoga studio isn't clean, that can be extremely unhygienic.At Enso, after each class, the rooms are mopped up. Not only are the rooms mopped up but so are the shower stalls and the locker rooms. I have honestly never seen anything like it. With digital lockers, showers with shampoo and body wash dispensers, LOTS of space to change, shower and go, filtered water fountains, towel service, classes in hot Pilates, the one thing you can never say about Enso is that you feel cramped. It is a bit pricey, it's true but they do offer corporate rates so if you can get 5 co-workers to sign up, you can get a corporate rate which comes out to about $65 a month for a 6-month deal and that's quite a deal when the going rate for hot yoga in Montreal at other studios is about $120-$150 a month.Their $20 intro deal, which is for 7 days of yoga is a steal and will give you a taste to see if you can see yourself becoming a regular here.
5	For a good sweat 'n stretch, got to love this hot yoga studio. Come and make your inner downward dog sweat right here...I have done a couple of hot yoga studios, and this one has to be my favorite one. For starters, the staff is very competent: they know their yoga, they are very in sync with their classes and have great teaching techniques. Everybody is very helpful. Also, the studios are beautiful and very roomy. The locker room is nice and big. Everything is spotless!!! Very clean. They clean the place all the time. Very beautiful. Very clean. Great teachings. All important things when you want to practice in a hot yoga studio.
5	This place is practically the best thing ever.It's my first time at yoga (and hot yoga) so I have nothing to compare it too, but I'm pretty sure it's one of the best yoga studios in Montreal. I swear they have everything there, free lockers, showers, filtered water fountains, they let you rent towels and mats, and they sell smoothies (which I swore to myself that I would try one day). The moment you enter the studio, you don't even feel like you're in downtown Montreal, it's as if you've been magically transported to a hot temple. And for the classes, well they're simply amazing. The teacher was completely professional and really helpful.If you're going there, get ready to be sweating!
5	I'm visiting Montreal for the weekend and found this studio when I looked up "hot yoga" near me on Yelp.  I am an experienced practitioner, I have been to many studios in my time, and this is one of the best.  The personnel are friendly, the studios are great (huge, well heated, clean), there are lots of clean showers and lockers, mats to rent (brought my own), towels to rent (thick), large bottle of water to buy (refrigerated), and you can get a fantastic smoothie after class.  The fact that they offer a discounted price at non-peak times made me very happy.  I couldn't imagine a better experience, especially as a visitor to a new city.
4	One of the bests hot yoga studios in Montreal. The classes and teachers are great, the changing rooms are soooo spacious (including plenty of shower cabins, finally!!) and it's right next to the Peel metro station. A bit pricey but all yoga studios are anyways.. Try the intro week - you're going to love this place!
4	What a beautiful studio. It's super duper clean, and well-maintained. The receptionist was polite, friendly and very easy going! The changeroom/showers/bathrooms were huge, and again clean. I love that they put in these lockers that have combinations that you can set yourself too.I tried out the Saturday morning community class here for $10, the studio was large, and floors clean. A quick scan of the class there seemed to be more men than women in the class, pretty different from other studios I found. Instruction was good and the class seemed a bit more advanced, but I did wish that they offered more modifications of the poses. Definitely looking forward to the next class!
5	Having been to many yoga studios of all styles, this is like the Ritz Carleton of yoga studios. From the outside, spacious, clean, modern, open. The yin class I took was very accessible for all levels. The live music was really nice in enhancing the sounds with the practice. Throughout the 90m the teacher guided us in both English and French which I thought was very considerate for the students. Not all studios teach in both but I can see why both French and English speaking yogis would enjoy her method of delivery. I can't get over the space of this place! It is literally 2-3x the size of regular studios back home; even the change rooms (which are also furniture with massive coded lockers, multiple showers and water fountain) are big enough for a few extra rooms if they wanted. Highly recommend the hot yin class! It is truly at hot class - 38C so even through passive postures you'll work up a sweat and a good detox! Cannot say enough good things about enso!
5	I always feel like I'm heading to the spa when I come here.  From the reception area with a huge coat/boot room, to the changing rooms (love those lockers with the built-in locks), to the studios - you can tell a lot of thought went into building the studio.  Everything is cleaned between each class - the studios and the changing rooms.The instructors are great.  The pace they set is challenging if you're an absolute beginner, but do-able, and there's always room to go for a full expression if you've got it in you.  I love the fact that they have so many $10 classes available.  If I have a day off, I can go on a weekday morning.  If I don't, I could go to any of the 4 $10 classes offered on the weekends.Enso is well worth the visit.  Even if you just want to see what the space is like before taking a class, they'll be happy to let you have a look around.
