5	Dr. LePore is AMAZING! He is always willing to help us with our twins and he is so good with them. They enjoy going to the doctor and find him very amusing. Ny son is shy around people he doesn't see very often, but this is not the case with Dr. LePore and his office staff. He even helps me with prescriptions since I am between doctors myself. He is the best!
5	GREAT DR. I've been to a few in town, and he is by far the best! Friendly, funny, knows his stuff! My kids love him. I moved farther away, but still will drive 30min to see him.
5	My mother is a doctor...my own mother and I will say Dr. Lapore is the best doctor EVER.   He is so nice and is bedside manner is bomb.  He made my daughter laugh at her last appointment.  Plus they have 24 hour call back.  If you are freaking out about your kid at 2am, you can call them and they will call you back.  It...is...awesome.  Furthermore they aren't pushy with vaccinations.  While admittedly they do want you to vaccinate you little poopers, they will tailor the vaccination schedule to your liking.  I love this practice it is great.
5	Love the Dr's at Kidfixers.  We started off with Dr. Lepore, and he is wonderful, but somehow we switched to Dr. Aikels ( I think Dr. Lepore was on vacation so we scheduled with her, and then just kept rescheduling with her). Our daughter has even seen Dr. Jerome on occasion and I really would recommend any of them.  Whether our daughter is well or sick I've never waited over 5 minutes for our appts and the nurses are WONDERFUL with immunizations, fast and gentle while getting the job done. I can't recommend these guys enough, worth driving across town for if need be.
2	No Purell in exam rooms.Need I say more?  Also no Saturday appointments and they charge you if they do an emergency appointment but it wasn't an emergency.  I'm not exactly sure how a parent is supposed to determine whether or not something is an emergency or not and worry about some fee the doc is going to charge.
4	Kidfixers is the best! There is a super friendly and helpful staff and Dr. Lepore is a delight. My son is a bit difficult (well, more than a bit) and they are always super patient and efficient. Happy that we found this place being that we are new to Las Vegas.
3	Dr. Lepore is amazing and was my daughter's doctor since the day she was born, however, even though she is 5 we haven't seen him for over 2 years because you can't get in to see him! He is so booked! After years of seeing the other doctors at Kidfixers, ( not a fan of Dr. Jerome) I switched to Dr. Duddy at HCP who is also amazing and his schedule is way more accommodating. The breaking point where i decided to make the switch was when I had to wait almost two months for a well check last fall at which time my daughter would get her flu shot. In the mean time, while waiting to see him, my daughter caught confirmed influenza B. All the adults in the household who had their flu shot did not get sick but she was the sickest I've ever seen her. Too bad, because Dr. Lepore is truly wonderful, if you can get in to see him.
5	First pediatrics that we've ever had, as this is our first child. Our little one was born early and Dr Jerome was friendly and thorough at the hospital and in the office so that we felt safe and comfortable as first time parents. Dr Jerome jumped right in to entertain our little one and she was curious and happy to see him. The staff is also friendly and helpful. Love the separate sick area and the extra times each day that they set apart for same day call-ins.
5	Holding out on 5 stars as this was our first visit but Dr Jerome was GREAT!  My kid doesn't speak around strangers and the nurse and staff worked well talking about self esteem and doing a thorough med eval. We left with a script ready to pick up at our pharmacy for a new inhaler. My son felt proud to have been included in his care. Awesome doc for a soon to be teenager.Total visit with wait time was a little over an hour but worth the wait as we didn't feel rushed through the office or crowded like some other docs in town.2nd visit---- 2 older teens at the same time with Dr. Aikels. Lots of special needs to cover on a first visit and this Dr was GREAT as well. Knowledgable with aspects of our disability and health needs, familiar with all of our specialists. As a special needs mom I am super impressed with this team of pediatricians and I look forward to using them for at least the next few years.
5	I moved to Vegas and needed a pediatrician. We got in with Dr Jerome quickly which was great for us being new patients. They have never denied me a same day appointment which is a big plus for me. We see Dr Jerome and he is a true professional always kind and caring. I've had to call after hours a couple of times and spoke with Dr Jerome and Dr Lepore both were excellent and did not make me feel bad for calling to ask questions about my concerns. I would recommend anyone to this facility!
1	Dr. Lepore is amazing. Expertise, bedside manner, etc: amazing. The rest of the operation, however, is not.Kidfixers stops being spectacular as soon as you attempt to contact them outside the office. If you call them during business hours they will not pick up. So you leave a message that they will never respond to. Sometimes they leave hilariously frustrating messages like "Call back during business hours." After you called and left a message first thing in the morning. They do this consistently day after day. If your kid gets sick just take them in, if you can get worked in, and if you do there's an extremely good chance you'll not see Dr. Lepore, who is the whole reason you should go here. If you try and call the emergency line, even for something basic like a mild fever, they're answer is going to be "make an appointment." So just go in.And should a pharmacy or insurance representative call or fax the office do not worry, the staff consistently and thoroughly ignores all these requests. So should even the slightest hiccup occur with anything, Kidfixers will forget you exist.Dr. Lepore is a great physician, however his clinic cannot be relied on to do anything. I would recommend this place to people who enjoy waiting days to never be contacted while their children suffer with treatable illnesses.
3	We've been patients of Kidfixers since 2008 and this practice has changed quite a bit in that time.  For the worse.  They used to take us on time, but the last two visits were awful - we waited 30 mins and 45 mins the see Dr. Lepore.  Yes, they were apologetic, but I still find this frustrating.Dr. Lepore - he is one of the greatest, always voted a Top Pediatrician in Vegas and he truly deserves it.  He is a wonderful Dr. and knows how to communicate with the children, makes them comfortable, brings out a smile and is able to swab, poke and prod at my daughters like no one ever has before.  He is thorough and aggressive and really knows his stuff.  BUT, he is difficult to see - almost no chance of a same day sick appointment, maybe next day, but I've also had to wait two days. We've seen Dr. Aikels once.  Never again.  We've seen Dr. Jerome 3 or 4 times.  As nice and kind as he is, that's not why we go to the Pediatrician.  He examined my daughter for a sore throat, swabbed her and said "oh it's a virus" and sent us on her way.  Dr. Lepore called two days later and she had strep!  I do not believe he's as thorough as Dr. Lepore.  I would never trust seeing him for anything out of the ordinary or slightly serious. The nurses here are nice enough, the schedulers as well.  Nothing remarkable, but nothing to complain about either, I've seen worse.  I am looking for another Pediatrician.  It's hard to do after 5 years at the same practice.  But I can't do the continuous late appointments and waiting a day or two for a sick appointment with Dr. Lepore.
3	Tips and Updates: 1) Dr. Lepore remains an amazing physician. If you call for a sick appointment and they stick you with someone besides Lepore or Aikels (who seems pretty good) you can request one of the other two.2) If you're getting completely ignored leaving messages (see original review) call and talk to the scheduling receptionist. This has worked for me. My previous complaints about "Why have an answering machine if no one ever calls you back" are still valid but after you see Lepore a few times it's hard not to want to put up with the BS just to have a world class physician caring for your kid.
1	Mega Bust with this doctor. No follow through with assisting to get disability equipment needed. Patient referred to a different doctor without any contact but via another medical provider attempting to get equipment. Phone calls only to be placed on hold or busy signal. Now I can only hope medical records can be transferred to a new doctor office once we find one. Insurance shouldn't be hard to switch to a new primary but what a Pain in the butt for parents to have doctors that give no notice. Do they only want patients who come in monthly? Greed. Laziness. Lack of empathy. I don't know what the excuse is but Nothing here is impressive when looking for a pediatrician.
5	We have been going here since Fall of 2012. Love it. Clean, friendly and English speaking. Our kids are patients of Dr. Aikels. She is wonderful. Always spends time in the room playing with them, answering questions and I've absolutely never felt rushed or bothersome. When our kids have been sick this office always gets them on the schedule that same day. I've used the emergency service on the weekend and it's great. Always a prompt call back and they even call later that day just to check on the little one's progress. Absolutely first rate. We tried out a few other pediatric offices previous to finding this gem and we were so relieved to finally have all of our expectations met.  We recommend this office and Dr. Aikels to anyone looking for a personable, professional and caring experience.
