5	By far the best Italian restaurant in the city!  The setting is an old apartment that was converted into this gem of a restaurant!The food is authentic Italian, and the portions are huge.  Their menu is extensive and the wine list is very good and everything is really affordable.  You won't find a better place for the price.  My favorite dish is by far The Eggplant Parmesan it is absolute perfection.The place gets really busy on the weekends so you will have to reserve ahead of time.  It's great for groups, and if you can snag one of the back rooms for a group gathering, all the better.  It's a very intimate setting.
4	Le Colbert is an Italian place located on Jean Talon and Christophe Coulomb.  I ordered the table d'hote so I started with a salad and then finished up with grilled sausages served with a side of spaghetti arrabiata.  The food was all pretty good but I must say the arrabiata sauce wasn't that arrabiata in the sense that it wasn't very spicy.  the sausages though were quite good.The decor is a little dated but the service was reasonable and the prices are nice and cheap.  In all it's worth the visit if you want a restaurant meal but don't feel like breaking the bank.  The quality of the food is right for the price.
4	We'd been wondering about this cute sprawling old Italian restaurant since friends of ours moved in down the street. The white lights, the sign "Since 1964" the caricature cutout all made the outside seem like either a total family-friendly find from another time or a potential frozen food fail. But come Valentines a bunch of us got dolled up and went to try it out. And we were not disappointed! The calamari and eggplant parma were the biggest hits I think, huge inexpensive portions with nice fresh flavour and textures. The house wine was tasty and affordable, the garlic bread came with fresh bruschetta, and the service was just as you'd wish - friendly and smooth and helpful and not overly obtrusive. Cozy, filling and easy going - highly recommended for families in the area.
5	The food here is very good and the prices are excellent. I had the fettucine carbonara for only $11 and it was amazing. Highly recommended if you're looking for good food at a decent price
