4	Yeah, yeah, I know, it's a chain.  But it was there for us when we needed it.  My mother wasn't eating well on her own and my middle daughter lived in Mesa, not too far, so she would stop by Boston Market and pick up a couple of dinners on the way to visit her and they would have a nice visit and meal together.  Since Mother always liked what my daughter brought and ate well, at least we knew she was getting good nutrition from it and some leftovers for the next day.  When I was in town I would stop by there too  I always liked their sides and would sometimes just get a vegetarian plate of just the sides.  I liked their roast sirloin or whatever they call it too, for the price.  And their desserts were pretty good.  I liked that they had dishes that you don't find in most fast food places.  I never had a problem with anything I ate from there and they were pretty consistent in their quality so I give it four stars on a sliding scale compared to other fast food establishments.  I'd go back anytime I'm in the mood for good old American comfort food.
4	A little pricey, but worth it. It's typical to spend around $15 for 2 people, which for fast food is up there. Even though the Yelp pricer thing say, cheap? Turkey with corn and mash potatoes and mac n cheese. Mmmmm. I only with they still had the sirloin.
4	Top notch, caring staff. For what they serve, at all hours of the day, never a let down. I eat here whenever I need a cooking break now.
4	Thanksgiving happens to be my favorite holiday! But here is the problem with that... its once a year. I crave turkey and all the fixins alot more then once a year but there is no way in hell I am going to cook all of that. So that is where Boston Market comes into play. Boston Market has all the home cooked goodness of Thanksgiving but they serve individual meals so I can get that wonderful Thanksgiving comfort food experience at a fraction of the price. VICTORY! Their turkey and chicken are delicious but just like Thanksgiving day, what really stand out for me are the sides. I don't think I have had one thing at Boston Market that I didnt like. Among my favorites are the creamed spinich, mac and cheese, veggie stuffing, sweet potato casserole, and corn bread. Yes their prices are a bit higher then KFC but the quality and taste of their food is in on a whole other level. Also the service is always fast and friendly. If you love Thanksgiving and want to taste it, go to Boston Market today!
4	Quarter chicken white with garlic new potatoes and mixed vegis. I get that meal at least once a week. Chicken is always cooked perfect with great flavor. Chocolate chip cookies are great too!  Staff at Alma/Ray are always friendly and give you a great smile at the drive thru.
3	Just okay food...i had the meatloaf sandwich...which was decent. Never being here but it failed to wow me. The girl at the register should put on smile once on a while.....great customer service goes a long way. Other than that it seem to cater to big family brunch.
3	Everything's fine here... they do seem to run out of chicken at times so like dark meat they were out of on a few occasions. otherwise I go back often, drive-through is fast and accurate.
2	I have eaten at Boston Market more these past 6-months than ever before, no particular reason.  This past experience left me tasting, well bland meatloaf.  I was very disappointed, very bland, no spices, nada zip.  Oh well, maybe I should simply stick to the chicken!!
5	We ordered our Thanksgiving dinner from this location, knowing from previous meals that the food has always been tasty.  Well, Boston Market did not disappoint.  The food was delicious, the turkey moist, the mashed potatoes were homemade.  All I needed to do (besides heat it all up in the oven) was thicken the gravy and add some of the turkey drippings to it.  The ordering and pickup process was simple and organized.  Tip:  schedule your pickup first thing to avoid long lines later in the day.  We may order from them again for Christmas dinner!
3	I stopped by last Thursday after a lengthy absence. I don't mind the restaurant in general, but when my former roommate and I moved to Phoenix in 2004 we didn't know the town and we didn't immediately venture too far away from the apartment. She loved Boston Market and dinner what seemed like nightly was there. We kept going back because every time we visited we received a coupon on the receipt for a buy one get one free meal. When I was able to avoid going constantly I stopped and hadn't returned.I am searching for a rental home in Chandler, and as I was driving by around lunch time I noticed the old Boston Market we used to visit - so I decided to stop. I ordered the meatloaf, and that is definitely one of the best. I would say the 1/2 chicken and the turkey would be my other main selections. The mac & cheese is excellent, and I chose the garlicky spinach for the second side. As a meal it comes with the entree, two sides, and a corn bread. About $8 without a drink and upon check out I received, you guessed it - a buy one get on free coupon. Those are only good for specific dates -  mine was for two days hence, but I am not in that area too much now I skipped it. The meal was excellent and maybe heightened in appreciation since I no longer have it daily.
5	This place is great, same as I remember it from years ago when I worked near here. Food is fantastic, prices are not bad, and did I mention the food is fantastic?!?!
5	I know it's a chain, but it's a good one. This location is always clean and the food is fresh. I've never had a bad meal. The chicken is good as is the turkey. Spiral Mac and cheese and mixed vegetables are my favorite sides, but they have many more to choose from. It's nice to have a close fast food option that doesn't include a burger or anything fried.
4	We went for dinner on June 5th. First time at Boston Market . Staff was friendly. It was clean and seemed very organized. Wide variety of food selections. Everything looked fresh. We had meatloaf and turkey breast dinners. Both were tasty and fresh. Mashed potatoes and apple cinnamon were our sides with cornbread.  Very reasonable priced under $30 for both meals and drinks. Enjoyed the food and will return. They had one person clearing the tables since they handle cleaning off all tables. I didnt see anyone spray cleaning the table while i was there. Hopefully they do that. I am assuming they do....  Nice location with good food and service.
2	The restaurant looks dirty and greasy inside.  All the side dishes looked like they had been sitting there for days.  The flavor of the food was good tho.  But the restaurant needs a makeover and a good cleaning
5	Drive thru was fine. I ordered the pot pie but wasn't fond of it - just a personal opinion - my coworker loves it. The corn bread is tasty. I'll try something else next time.
5	I love Boston Market  at Thanksgiving time. It was so easy to pre-order with them over the phone. Very professional, friendly & helpful. I picked up my order on Thanksgiving day around 1pm & they were so organized, friendly & fast. I will continue to order my Pre-cooked Thanksgiving dinner from them. I was very impressed!!
