5	Excellent service, very knowledgable, and friendly! Being from out of town this company was a great fit for helping us find the best places with a quick turnaround and fare rates.  It's easy to get ripped of by "gypsy" cabs in the Phx area- before you accidentally jump into one of those, call these guys first.
5	Acme Cab is the best always on time this is the third time I call and Ron always take care of me very nice person friendly and always on time I recommend
5	I desperately needed a cab when Discount Cab dropped the ball on me. I called them (Discount) about 3 hours before I needed to be picked up for a lift to Sky Harbor, and they were a no show.I called them, and they told me that I asked for 6:30 instead of 6:00 -- which was just plain wrong.Anyway, in a bit of a panic, I started calling around. I came across everything from thick foreign accents that I couldn't understand to people answering as though they were sitting on their coach at home. Example:Ring.. ring..Them: "Hello?"Me: "Uh.. am I reaching a residence?"Them: "How can I help you?"Ugh.. really?!Then I called ACME Cab and immediately the owner picks up. Very professional and pleasant tone. Told me he's in the area and will be at my house in 10 mins. Arrives exactly as promised and gets me to the airport on time.Clean cab. Newly painted. It was clear the owner cared about his customers and reputation.I'm really glad I called and was very pleased with the ride. I generally don't leave reviews for anything other than food. And mostly, if I leave a review it's because I have a complaint. It's rare that I'm motivated by a good experience to leave a review -- but this fell into that category.Thanks ACME cabs!
5	Acme Cab is the way to go! When I first got a ride from the airport, I used a cab from Yellow Cab by AAA. The driver was not friendly (didn't even say one word to us!), and the car smelled nasty and was dirty.But when I used Acme for the next 4 days of my business trip, there was a STARK contrast. Ron, the owner, was our driver. The car was clean, spacious, and new. He knew the town well, and was very kind and personable. My friend and I enjoyed getting to talk with him every time we rode with him. Not to mention the fact that his timing was IMPECCABLE. He always arrived early or right on time. Also, he has great integrity and will not rip you off. Very sweet guy, and would recommend his service to anyone.
1	Read the reviews of this company and decided to give them a try.Called this morning to arrange a cab for tomorrow.   I was greeted with the proverbial "we are assisting other clients" line followed by a "leave a message".  Left a message and 3 hours later, no response.Went with TRU cab instead.  They answered immediately, were friendly and set us up!How can you rely on a cab company when they don't answer the phone or call back???VM
5	Great local cab company! I had no trouble scheduling a pickup time, even the day before, for a ride. The driver called me to let me know he was there. Also, the driver was prompt and very nice. Great reasonable rates also. Highly recommend!
5	These guys are great!  On time every time!
