5	Great food and service.  I went there one time for breakfast and returned another day for lunch.  Very reasonable prices and good menu choices.  Chef Iggy (a very nice guy) has done his best to make the Double Yoke offer more than your typical bar food.  Everything is fresh, he offers some unique family recipes.  If you live in this area you really should check it out.  You won't be disappointed.
3	This is in comparison to most of the another chain restaurants that serve breakfast in town. I wanted to take my boyfriend here because he loves lobster or crab Benedict. I wanted something a little out of the ordinary, so I tried their French toast. The lobster Benedict was good - the best thing was the lumps of lobster. Most places put little to none. It wasn't amazing and they don't do anything to make it stand out from other places. Kind of hard to find here in this town with chain restaurants.The French toast was okay. It was kind of bland and their syrup isn't very flavorful. Maybe because I'm obsessed with Maine syrup - it's positively delightful. The service was good. It was slow and there was just one guy that was helping the few tables there were. He messed up on a couple of things, but was very quick to resolve the order and was very kind about it.Overall, it was a decent place for breakfast. It's cheap and there's not a ton of things on the menu to make you indecisive. If you're going to the busier places on this side of town and you don't want to wait, you can come here.
5	We stopped by for lunch. We met Iggy, the owner, who is from the northside of Chicago. We won't hold that against him for it is beyond his control. What is in his control is to make some great food. My wife had the lobster quesadilla which she commented " it is the best quesadilla I ever had!". The creamy salsa stuff sauce was great! Found out it was fresh salsa and ranch dressing! crazy! I had the Italian beef sandwich with hot giardinieri, peppers and lots of au jus. It was very, very good. Not Chicago's best but very, very close. The roll was fresh but held up to the bath of au jus. The beef was tender and flavorful.  The giardinieri was sliced, crunchy and hot. The fries were dark brown and seasoned to perfection.  We don't live near there but we will drive the 25 minutes to get there! BTW, waiter Samuel ( Sam well) is the bomb! Ask him and he will get it to you!
5	I'm a big fan of this place.  We eat out 3-5 times a week and try to go someplace new as often as possible.  I've been there four times since it opened and was so impressed that I have scheduled a medium size event there in October.  The Burgers have a very good blend of meats and everything that goes with it is tasty as well.  A recent salad with chicken was considerably better than any chain.  Their Italian dishes are excellent and are less expensive than they should be, but don't tell Iggy.  This place has not suffered from new restaurant start-up issues.  As a Bronco fan I have to ignore the Bears hardware but the food is worth it.Try it, you'll like it.
4	Decided to try this place in the neighborhood and for a quick and hearty breakfast I was good! At first we weren't sure because its inside of a 24 hour bar but the wait staff is friendly and attentive, good breakfast food with fast service and clean. No wait either!
3	I love breakfast, but it's the most neglected cuisine in our household since we aren't morning folks that make it to early breakfast only joints. Breakfast all day err' day is more our style.We see this odd gas station bar combo from the freeway and never thought much of it. We were surprised it was much nicer than we expected from the outside. The Yoke is separated from the bar, but still open from the bar. It wasn't a smoky bar though, so you can sit awhile. The BF and I shared - French toast w/ bacon and eggs - Basic and standard fare as far as breakfast goes. It was decent, but nothing standout. The eggs were cooked spot on though to where all the white is cooked but still nice runny yolk. Phils Chicago Omelette -  It was pretty decent, the eggs were cooked right on it and had a decent amount of filling. This has sliced beef like for philly cheese sandwiches, cheese and jalapeno. Potatoes were standard, but good. Service was friendly enough, but didn't check on us too much to noticed the BFs water sat empty for a while. Overall, if you want standard straight to the point breakfast fare under $10, you'll be pleased with this place as this certainly does the job. However, I don't think it's my favorite so far. It's by the house and served breakfast all day so it'll certainly be on the rotation. Other than breakfast, they do have lunch type fare if brekkie ain't your thing. Maybe I'll find some stars on the menu as I try more.
1	I called to place an order using the phone number on the menu off the website. This number was disconnected. I then called the number to Town Center ( this place is located inside Town Center) and was asked to hold for Samuel. After about a minute, Samuel came to the phone and asked that I call the other number because he could not hear me. I advised the number was disconnected. I asked that he check the number, to which he said hold on, I'll check. He came back giving me a whole new number which I called back. Samuel answered this new number " This is Samuel". Did I call his cell number??? I asked if the pizza was true Chicago style pizza to which he answered " I think it has meat on it". I informed him I was not asking about the meat, but asking if this was a deep dish or thin. He was confused. I then asked what sizes the pizza came in. He said " depends on how many slices you want me to cut it". I reminded him his menu says there was only a 16" and he said, " no, I can cut it in smaller pieces". I thanked him for his time and hung up. Really?? I had high hope for this place but if we can't get past a phone call, I wonder how long this place will stay open.
5	Finding true authentic Chicago Food in Vegas is next to impossible! Double Yoke by far exceeds expectations! Igs ( The Owner) takes pride in his food and offers an array of awesome Chicago Foods for those that miss it! I am not homesick for Pizza, Beef or CHEESE Fries!  We have dined in and had Delivery to our home, both have been excellent! Love this place and will be coming in as much as we can!
5	Double Yoke is a hidden gem inside town center lounge. Great Food and service. Special thanks to Igs for supporting Lone Mountain White Sox.
5	Awesome food!!! Great to have a restaurant finally in town center lounge that knows what's going on !
3	Warning: no one under 21 is allowed in the restaurant since it is connected to the bar! I saw at least 4 families with kids attempt to walk in and then were turned away due to this problem. That's lost business for sure.Pretty quiet for a Sunday morning. The menu had a nice selection for breakfast and the quality was pretty decent for a bar/pub type atmosphere.The Lobster Benedict- this was delicious. Served with a "light" hollandaise sauce. Not sure if it was "light" but it was good. The lobster added a gourmet lift to a breakfast classic.Husband got the biscuits and gravy which was decent. The bacon was extremely crispy- borderline burnt. So if you like your bacon crunchy this is the place for you. My one critique would be that the hash browns were horrible- don't know if they were rushed, but they didn't come out until we were half way done with our meals. The hash browns were soggy and tasted purely like oil. Greasy soggy mess- not too appetizing.
4	I thought I had already written a review of this place, but nonetheless it is past due! I love that we have this breakfast dining option in the northwest now. Before it was a drive to head over to omelet house or a long wait to get into the cracked egg. Now less than 5 miles from home I can enjoy a delicious reasonably priced breakfast. I've ordered the lobster Benedict twice and it never disappoints. It is a hearty breakfast indeed. I've also tried the yoke burger for lunch, which my dad describes as one of the best in town. It's a delicious fresh meat patty, cooked to your liking accompanied by freshly cut fries. The owner of this restaurant is overtly friendly and helps wait tables at busy times. The service has always been friendly and attentive on my visits.
1	I really am reluctant to write this awful review because the owner was so nice and the food they used to serve was delish. The new server/ cook/ host has no clue what's on the menu. I ordered my usual lobster Benedict and received one English muffin with avocado and lobster on it ... No eggs, no sauce ... It was disgusting and appalling that a chef wouldn't know that eggs were included in that dish. Oh and it took 1.5 hours to order and get served and we were the only ones there.
