5	This is the best place to go for fresh made tortillas and carnitas (shredded pork, think of it as Mexican-style BBQ if you've never had it before) in Charlotte. This place is mostly a market, and is strictly to-go, but they make wonderful food. In addition to carnitas, they also make pollo adobado (chicken) and barbacoa (seasoned beef), and have good chicharrones (pork rinds). All of this is sold by the pound and makes for a fantastic meal. They also make delicious salsas to accompany the carnitas, and have good queso fresco. They also sell beer and soda and raw meats to cook at home. The chorizo seco is well worth trying.Pro tip: as a rule of thumb, buy as many lbs. of tortillas as you do meat, and half as much of queso fresco.
5	Criminally under-reviewed. What's up yelpers? This place is bombbbbYou can't really eat in so here's what you do:1. Go inside2. Order 1lb Carnitas3. Order 1lb Barbacoa4. Order 1lb Toritallas5. Order 1lb Queso Fresco6. Get cups of salsa, particularly the dark and smoky chipotle oneEAT A LOT.It's good, don't be scared it's not that hard and the staff is super friendly and helpful.
5	I bookmarked this place after reading all the stellar reviews. I drive down Tryon all the time and could never find this place. Don't look for Las Lupitas; it's easier to see sign outside the store says Carniceria Tortilleria. Went inside to check it out and all I can say is WOW! How did I miss this?Basically it's a Latino meat market and take out place. I've never been in one before; the counter was loaded with different cuts of meat, all labeled in Spanish. I knew I needed to find the Carnitas and Barbacoa but wasn't sure  how to order as there really isn't a menu per say. Figured I may need to come back with someone in the know...In the mean time I pursued the soda selection; they had a huge variety of Mexican sodas in funky flavors using real sugar. I tried the lime soda; it had just the right amount of sweetness.Must have looked totally perplexed, but one of the guys at the counter came up and answered my questions and even gave me a sample of the Barbacoa and Carnitas in a corn tortilla. OMG it was so good! The tortilla was hot and fresh, the  meat perfectly seasoned and tasted amazing. I immediately ordered a half pound of each and 12 of the tortillas. Added a cup of their hottest salsa for $2;  it wasn't that hot but it had a smokey flavor that was addictive. For roughly $13, it was a lot of food! I felt like I had stolen something.For some odd reason the salsa's were cash only. On everything else you can use a debit card. Not really a problem; just pointing it out.Super nice staff, fantastic food, ridiculously low prices, what's not to like? Can't wait to come back!
5	I almost hate posting a review, this place is already busy , but this is one secret that is destined to be shared. Nestled in a strip mall on N. Tryon, just south of Eastway Dr. this little shop is sort of hard to see from the road, but worth finding. This is a latino butcher shop, actually more of a deli in this case. Get in line and order up a meat of your choice ( carnitas, barbacoa even beef tongue) and some queso fresco. Last but not least are the fresh made tortillas, if you have never had fresh made tortillas be warned, you will never be able to eat prepackaged ones again. The difference can best be compared to tasting a slice of white sandwich bread then a slice of fresh baked bread from your favorite bakery. Now here is this best part, this place is cheap... cheap... cheap, meats range from $6.50-$7.50 , tortillas are a $1.00 a pound. This place is addictive... you have been warned
5	It should tell you something, that 99.9% of their brisk business is Hispanic.This is not a sit down restaurant, but a Latin takeout restaurant.They speak adequate English, and they are friendly, so don't be intimidated. Trust me, it is worth the effort.The food is superb and inexpensive. The house made tortillas are so cheap, that they're practically free.They have elephant ear sized chicharrones, and no, I'm not exaggerating their size. When I come here, I purchase carnitas, barbacoa, queso fresco, tortillas, and salsa.  For $12, or thereabouts, one can make enough food to feed five or six people very well.Another suggestion is to stop at the nearby Compare supermarket on North Tryon, and purchase at least two or three ripe avocados. I have never found Hass avocados cheaper than at this Compare supermarket. I add sliced avocado and sour cream to the above ingredients, and the carnitas are heavenly.PS: I take the huge portion of left over tortillas, cut them into quarters, and fry them in peanut oil on the stove top over medium to medium high heat. I sprinkle them with garlic salt as they come out of he oil. I pair the fresh tortilla chips with salsa or guac., or whatever foods that need some added crunch.
5	This is a Latino butcher shop - deli. They sell fabulous carnitas and barbacoa by the pound (about $8 per), they also make delicious fresh corn tortillas for $1/pound. Queso fresco that is seriously fresh (not the crap you get at the grocery store). They sell several fresh salsas the orange looking one is really good, I think it's made with chipotle peppers. It's spicy so a little goes a long way. Hit it on the weekend and they sell fresh pico. If they ask you if you want carnitas mixed say NO unless you like all kinds of pig parts.
5	Las Lupitas follows the 3 "B"s that we always look for in Spanish: Bueno, Bonito, y Barato. Translation: "Good, Pretty (In this case appealing to the eye), and cheap!"These are some of the best tacos you'll have in Charlotte, but all food is to go. Order 1 lb. of meat, either the Carnitas or Barbacoa, 1 lb. of Fresh Cheese, and 1 lb. of tortillas. The tortillas are practically free, $1/lb, and you can see the ladies making them from scratch in the back. When I went they had 3 sauces for sale at the register and I bought the 2 spiciest ones, the spiciest one was way to spicy for my taste and I love spice. This is a great spot to hit up before a picnic or before having people over for "make your own taco" night. Best deal in town!I am not sure if they speak English or not, but since everything is out for you to see it would be very easy to order by pointing, please do not be intimidated, everyone who works there is SUPER nice. If you need a translator, I translate for tacos!
4	This review is for the SOUTH BLVD location.I went on a friday afternoon around 5:30pm. i walked right up and the gentlemen behind the counter asked if they could help me with anything, like carnitas or barbacoa. This being my first time it was very helpful and informative.I did speak Spanish when i was ordering (gotta practice any chance I get here in Charlotte). Though I feel they would be helpful to anyone who just spoke English so dont feel intimidated.I ordered a pound of carnitas jut meat no mix. Which I actually learned from a previous review, so THANKS! Yes, Im Mexican but I have grown up in North Carolina and ive always told my mom what I wanted and she would handle it. :) Thanks, Mom.Ok, so we got the pound of carnitas, pound of tortillas. It was about $7.We bought salsa $2, though i felt it was overpriced but very smart of them.. a lot of mexican restaurants, stores, deli lose out on putting out so much salsa that isnt getting used. Theirs was tasty, I got the red Chipotle, tasted something like my Gramma would make.When we got home I dressed my tacos up with sliced avocado and fresh onions (this mexican doesn't do cilantro).This is a perfect inexpensive meal. So this will be a repeat for sure!I always wanted to note that this is by far the CLEANEST mexican store I have EVER visited... from the floors to the display cases were clear and clean. I know this location has only been open for about 8 months but i was very impressed.i mean us folk are use to seeing under B sani grades. haha.KUDOS, Lupita.Ps- they also have a large assortment of mexican coke products, minieral water in glass bottles, snacks and fresh made Chicharones!
5	OMG. So good. This is takeout only, if you are close by everything will still be nice and warm when you get home. The food is delicious and they have my beloved Topo Chico water!
5	I have visited Las Lupitas no less than 5 times since I discovered it a couple of months back (Thanks Yelp peeps!) - just good legit Mexican. My standard run is Las Lupitas for a pound each of  barbacoa (best one IMO), carnitas, chicken, and tortillas and a half a pound of queso fresco (the verde salsa at the counter is also a "go to"). Consistently good and friendly staff.  For an authentic experience stop right down the road at compare foods grocery and pick up some onions, cilantro, fresh peppers, avocado, and some cerveza and limes and you will have all you need for a great meal with friends, plus some likely leftovers.
5	You can't go wrong with this place! Fresh tortillas, carnitas, barbacoa, salsa, OMG! Party in my mouth! Ever since I tried it for the first time, I have been back at least a dozen times! They sell this delicious cheese called "queso sincho"... Must try it with the fresh tortillas!
5	Best CARNITAS in Charlotte. Their homemade salsas are the best. They have a Salsa Verde, de Arbol and a good Salsa Fresca. They also carry true mexican crema, and make corn tortillas fresh, in the back of the store.
5	I frequent the N Tryon location just south of Eastway.  Like other reviews their carnitas and corn tortillas are awesome.   Although Spanish is spoken fluently,  English is not an obstacle!  And yes, credit cards accepted.   Take out only.   Nice deli,  too.  Gotta go for it!
5	People have greatly under rated the 24 hour marinated chicken theighs in mexican seasoning and juices here! They are moist and fall right off of the bone to be shredded for tacos! 1lb tortillas, 1lb Barbacoa, 4 theighs, 1/2 lb queso fresco, 2 salsas for 2 plus leftovers! #Bang#sodilish#deservesahashtsg#instagrampostworthy
4	Once you enter, head to the deli line or straight ahead to the lady with baskets on the counter. Someone will take your tortilla and/or meat order. Once you have your order head back to the front of store to pay at register. Add on salsa, avocado, or bag of cilantro/onion at the register. Those condiments need to be paid with cash. Everything else can be paid with credit/debit.The tortillas are absolutely amazing fresh and the real deal. Love their salsa verde too! Their carnitas are are okay...a bit greasy. The cheapest dinner you'll get for sure. Regardless, you can't beat homemade fresh tortillas. A must stop when in Charlotte.
