1	Long story short: really terrible coffee.Humble Lion's espresso is undrinkable. It is extremely bitter, acidic, and thin (almost no crema). It's so bad you can smell how sour it is before even putting it to your lips. A shameful amount of sugar was needed to make mine palatable. I don't know what the problem is, but I hope the owners read this and take note. It's also expensive at $3 a cup, but to be fair the amount served is more like a double than a ristretto.The cafe has an otherwise pleasant ambiance but the music is played at bar volumes, which makes working, reading, and even having a conversation more difficult.
4	Decent third wave downtown with a rotating variety of roasters (intelligentsia, heart, etc.) Simple menu, decent prices, pimped out la marzocco strada! Sharp interior, friendly owner & staff, definitely worth a try in you're in the area.(Kudos for not taking orders from people blabbing on their phones at the counter!)
4	(Edited after 7 months) Good cafe (it used to be sour before, due to the beans I guess), good ambiance, great location (from McGill pov). I like their pastries, price-wise they're on the same level as many other spots (~$3/pastry). Friendly staff.Great location if you're nearby McGill + has wifi. Myriade doesn't offer that unless you can get the wifi from Concordia. Thus, for coffee + wifi combo it's your place to be in downtown (among the indie cafe scene)
4	Best coffee yet on our vacation. Great filtered El Salvador and Connie likes her Mocha. They have the beans and the technology. Check this little cafe out!
4	I walked in, and immediately felt at home hearing the smooth beats of independent hip-hop. We ordered iced coffee (for him) and iced tea (for me), both of which were flavourful and tasty. The coffee comes from American independent roasters and the beans are selected by one person, which gives it a flavour unique in this city.On an off-note, the place needs sandwiches, though, so if you go, bother the staff about that.
5	Loooooooooved the chocolat chaude, simply made with chocolate and steamed milk, pure bliss!
3	While I dont mind chains like Starbucks or Second Cup I'm always on the lookout for a new coffee place to try.  I ventured to Humble Lion because it is conveniently close to where I work I ordered a latte cookie, both of which were very good.  The espresso wasn't bitter at all like it can be at some places and went down smoothly.  It didn't even require much sugar at all like cheap espresso sometimes does.  The chocolate chip cookie was clearly made that day and was very soft and tasty.The prices here are not that great.  Looking at the menu they seem on par with other places however their sizes are also smaller compared to the others.  I also find their pastry selection a little limiting.  Honestly if it weren't for the prices I'd have no problem making this my go to coffee place at work however they are a bit of a turn off.
3	Coffee is better than most places but really not that special.  To be quite honest, I don't know what the fuss is about this place.  The prices are decent for their coffees but everything else (cookies, chocolates...) is overpriced.
3	I just tried  the Humble Lion today. I had a regular coffee and my friend tried the Latte erable (Maple Latte) and we were both pleased with our drinks. The coffee had a great flavour and was very fresh. It was tough to find a spot to sit because the place was so packed and the cafe doesn't have much seating. We weren't particularly impressed with the barista's attitudes but the great music definitely made up for it. Over all, nothing too special, great ambience and decent coffee, I would definitely give the place another try.
2	Very decent coffee but the counter people were extremely impersonal to the point where they don't even look you in the eye, I had to wait like five minutes to ask for a coffee while the employee was texting somebody like while I was standing and looking at her, talk about rude. Then I asked for a bit of soymilk and the other counter person just shrugged, and it was like my request was ignored. Plus the prices were kind of high. Might as well rename the place Pompous Lion.
1	The coffee is alright (not as good as piccolo just a few steps away) yet some of the staff is very rude. Totally turned me off from this place. Not only was she (girl with glasses) screaming at my friend to get out of the way, she was then talking smack for a while later. Childish and totally inappropriate especially having payed 5$ for a coffee. What a waist!
4	If I still went to McGill I'd be here all the time... I think. The filter coffee was fresh, and served quick - nice to see a light, buttery, bright "third wave" roast served fast and without pretension. The muffin I had was super fresh and... creamy? almost? it was so moist and good. The owner was there jumping in to tell me about the coffee they were serving, to make sure I knew when the muffins had been made, to say a friendly goodbye, and all this helped counterbalance the gal barista behind the counter talking loudly about how she had been scouted by Paris cafes to go teach them how to proprerly make coffee. Le sigh. Love the thoughtful decor, especially the study-friendly touches like the well-placed outlets. I'd have been happier if they had cream as well as milk, call me indulgent if you must. I dunno, I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars but feeling appreciative and generous and hoping they'll survive and thrive. Some off notes of coffee snob weirdness aside, Humble Lion is an excellent option in the neighbourhood.
5	Intelligensia you have reached the edges of the Montreal third wave world. The lion serves up black cat espresso, which is a delight in the cafe or at home. Transcend which is roasted in Edmonton,AB is a pleasant stand by for filtered coffee drinkers. I'm particularly attracted to the "La Joya" blend, nutty deliciousness.I noticed a lot of griping about size and price in the reviews. I think that some people need to keep in mind that this is a LOCAL coffee shop, not a chain.  You support your local economy and in turn support ethical practices for procuring quality beans.  "it's not about quantity, its about quality man!!"...so if you're a glutton....by all means continue your venture to second bucks!!anyhoo, creative interior,  nice lay out. Lots of foot traffic, not a ton of tables. which is nice because sometimes the atmosphere gets a little flat when us students hog the tables all day. Great vibe, conversation and music!!Knowledgeable staff, top notch!
3	I had to try this new coffee shop spot downtown. It's near my favorite outdoor spot (McGill campus) and my favorite bookstore (Paragraphe), and it's way better than the coffee at the Second Cup on McGill College.Yet, as I tend to focus a lot on customer service, it was a bit dry. But I was served quickly. I'll need to come back and test this place during a busy work day.
4	The interior design of the Humble Lion is very warm and welcoming. My maple coffee was absolutely delicious and the branding is really cool! Things I would improve on would be the selection of deserts and seating mostly bar stools were uncomfortable after 20 minutes. They also offer free Wi-Fi and staff is very friendly. Would definitely go back as I love these cozy places and hope I can get a better seat next time!
3	The service was ok. Place is neat and simple. The espresso I had here were average but good. Only been here twice and in both times I could only rate this place as an average coffee shop.
5	It's brilliant! I'm a proud coffee-aholic and this is by far the best coffeeshop in town. The beans (imported) are amazing, and the staff phenomenal. Every delectable cup is made with pride, and to perfection. I highly recommend this place.
1	Friendly staff and nice interior, but the espresso is simply terrible. Very acidic. Shame, otherwise it would be a great cafe.
4	It took me over a year of crossing in front of this coffee shop daily (sometimes multiple times in a day!) to finally go in . . . and I'm not sure why I waited so long.  Perhaps because I knew I'd get hooked?  So far I have only tried the iced lattes, and they are so good that with this heat, I just keep ordering 'em!  Why try something different when I know that I really enjoy them?  They are the perfect combination of rich and slightly bitter, just perfect for replacing my morning (hot) coffee, now that temperatures are nice and steamy early in the morning.  Come fall I'll have to try out the (hot) cappuccinos and lattes, but for now, I think I've found my favourite iced coffee.
4	Humble Lion is a solidly good cafe, filling a niche in an otherwise rather dreary stretch of Sherbrooke. I'm always surprised that the neighborhood immediately surrounding McGill is so desolate, but whenever I think I'll need to schlep myself east, west, or south a good haul (at least 5 minutes walking! as if!) to find caffeine and hipster-baked-good sustenance, I remember Humble Lion. The coffee is good, if tending toward sour, and the baked goods are reliably tasty. The ambiance is great if you need a bright place to sit and work, but seating is often in high demand, and be sure to bring headphones - every time I'm here, my attention is averted from whatever I should be doing onto the loud conversations between the baristas and the owner or their coffee-drinking friends. The bathrooms are not friendly for anyone with the slightest mobility impairment (or claustrophobia), but there are power outlets galore, and free wifi. All told, a good (if not quite exceptional) cafe exactly where one needs a good cafe to be.
4	A great indie cafe in the heart of Montreal, right across from the iconic Roddick Gates of McGill. The iced latte is great for those hot summer days in Montreal! Their baked goods are typically very good as well.
3	Really good brownies. Good coffee. Service, not so much. The hipster staff has that kind of attitude like you're not cool enough to be served. I'm paying. You're behind the counter. Get over your existential issues and do what you're supposed to do.
1	I gave this place a second chance after my first horrific experience.  I wish I could say it got better.  I bought an Americano again - and it only became palatable after I watered it down heavily when I got back to the office.  Undiluted, the coffee just tasted burnt.  The service was slightly better, but that wasn't a challenge considering how bad it was on my first visit.  For the price, I expect better coffee and better service, not just the cachet of an indie coffee house.
5	This little cafe is amazing! I have gone a few times and I always order the maple latte. I am really not a coffee person but this drink is perfectly sweetend and always well made. I have tried a bunch of their baked goods as well. The croissant is perfectly flaky, their brownie is super rich, and last time I was there they had freshly baked cookies-doesn't get better than that! I also tried their bacon and cheese scone (might be a biscuit) but either way it was delicious. I definitely recommend checking out Humble Lion!
2	This place is exactly what is wrong when the hipster culture gets too ahead of themselves. Yes they have good coffee but no different from piccolo around the corner or any other 3rd wave joint. The thing bringing it down is their customer service. Two times I have been there where I have been snobbed by two different employees who thought their "supreme" coffee brought them up to "surpreme" levels of society-- like a buonna notte except these baristas make less then the squigees on St laurent and Sherbrooke. In the most recent instance, which provoked me to write this Yelp, I was in the middle of an important conversation of which I put on hold to order. Instead of being met with a "how may i take your order" or something of the sort, I was told " let me serve you after your done your phone call" except not in a nice way, it was more of a "get off your phone then WE can talk" , i responded with my order (a cappuccino) where this gentleman preceded with " how about you get off your phone and I will take your order. " as to which I responded " No, how about you get me my coffee and I will pay you". My qualm is when did servers get the right to decide when to take your order. I understand it is confusing when someone is on the phone while ordering but it happens so you must deal with it! The audacity of him making the rules to take an order for something as simple as one coffee really pissed me off.  I work in the service industry and part of the job is being able to take an order from a client ( mid conversation or not) and shut the heck up and do the job that I you are hired to do. Anyhow, I hope they learn a thing or two, because this new coffee wave culture should not be allowed to evolve into some high school social club.
