5	Webster orthodontics is a beautiful and welcoming office.  Dr. Webster is a perfectionist and a trustworthy man.  I would recommend this office to anyone!
5	Awesome new office! The staff is very friendly and the doctor is not only knowledgeable but very welcoming and relates to kids very well. They really make it easy to set up payment plans that fit your budget with no credit check, interest charges or fees. They also have a great playroom as well as monthly games and prizes for patients. I recommend this orthodontist with no hesitation!
5	This is the friendliest and nicest orthodontist office we have ever been to.  The office is always extremely nice and Dr. Webster is always very interactive and extremely nice.  I would recommend this office to anyone who is looking for an awesome orthodontist .
5	Best orthodontist ever. So kind and has a great "chair side" manner. Very comfortable with kids and has such a fun office with video games, a slushes machine, a massage chair, movies and toys in the waiting room--totally cool atmosphere. The staff is really great and put my kids at ease right away.  We have had a great experience. I would highly recommend Dr. Webster to anyone!
5	The doctor and his staff at Webster Orthodontics ( http://las-vegas-orthodontist.com/ ) are very friendly and inviting. My oldest daughter has just started with her invisalign "braces" there and loves not having to wear the traditional braces.  At this office, they take the time to educate you on the entire process and are very reasonably priced for the services they office. Your kids will love the office;  they have a ping pong table, video games and a basketball hoop.  From all the great reviews I've read here, everyone else loves this place too!
5	Wow Webster Orthodontic is terrific.  Friendly and quick. The staff got us seen and braces on the same day.
5	Great, fun place!!! I would recommend everyone to come for braces! Also offer Invisalign! Dr webster and his staff are friends and energetic!!
