2	late-night party people on kebab quests high-tail it here for what many say is the best turkish kebab in town. order the large-size doner kebab and you'll have to eat it with a fork. i dare you to try to pick it up. and i dare you to try to get more than a couple of napkins out of the them even though you'll need about 20. this place is good, and it may well be really good when you're drunk, but i've had much better kebabs.
4	Simply put - my favourite kebab in Edinburgh.  I shopped around for kebabs for months when I moved there, and aside from being in a great location, Cappadocia nailed the kebab on every level.  I can't speak for the rest of their food, but the kebabs are outstanding.Price is a bit above average for a kebab place, but the portions, even for a small, are pretty substantial.
2	A lot of people really highly reccomend this Kebab House. In fact, I even had a friend who claimed he would eat one of Cappadocia's kebabs sober, they were that good.Having come here after a night out, I wasnt suprised to find Cappadocia full of others clamouring to get a huge kebab which seems to me all they do at Cappadocia - I heard the girl in front of me being told that they had nothing else other than kebab, despite a whole list of things being advertised. When I did get my kebab i was hugely dissapointed - there was faaar too much sauce, even though i had specified just a little bit, and the kebab generally was so greasy after a few moments of eating it my hands felt disgusting and my mouth even more so. Now I know at this point many of you will think that all kebabs are like this, but I wish to point out that I have had much better kebabs in my student life time that came from places with far less of a reputation for quality than this, as cappadocia's kebabs seemed somewhat tastless behind the lashings of unwanted sauce.A disapointment, greasy and rather tastless.
2	Cappadocia is perhaps not my favourite kebab place, but it definitely does the trick if you fancy food after a night out. Situated just around the corner from the University students playground, George Square, Cappadocia is in a great location for students to go for their lunch or dinner. Cappadocia definitely specialises in kebabs, but they also serve pizzas, burgers and chips which is more up my alley. I have come here several times for a burger and chips, which filled a hole, but it isn't the greatest fast food place in the area.  I find their burgers to be really greasy and thin with just one tiny piece of lettuce in the bun which is somehow meant to constitute a salad. I was quite disappointed with their chips too as they had clearly come straight out of a packet from the freezer and some weren't properly cooked - not great. There are a few tables and chairs to eat inside, but most people order their meal to takeaway. A student discount is available which is helpful and there is also a home delivery service on offer which is highly handy. Cappadocia stay open till late so it is an option to go to for food on your way home from a night out, but perhaps only if you are truly desperate.
3	if you're emerging from the portals of a drinking establishment in the Grassmarket or the Old Town late at night, it's safe to say that the bright lights and the spicy scent of Cappadocia will always be a safe bet for your alcohol induced munchies.If kebabs are essential eating for you to stave off a hangover, then you've come to the right place. Cappadocia specialises in this swirling, 2AM delicacy, so if you're partial to a good doner or chicken kebab of a Saturday night, then you shouldn't be too disappointed. I'm less of a kebab enthusiast, and more of a chips heaped with big piles of cheese lady. Or not, as I suppose heaping chips and cheese down your chops in the middle of the street isn't the most ladylike of activities. I've tried chips and cheese from most city centre located takeaways in Edinburgh, and the version supplied here is decent enough. Burgers, other chip options, pizza, and most other food items you would expect from a takeaway are served here too.
3	A fair place for a huge kebab.My intention, when I was arriving to Edinburgh, was to have a full immersion in the Scottish kitchen, but changing my mind was an easy task, when starving was the only alternative.After a delay of my flight in London Gatwick (my traveling experience with British Airways was a real "meh") I arrived late in Edinburgh. All the other eateries in the area were closed, so I decided to try their kebab. The waiters were very busy. I was the only customer, but they were committed with cleaning and washing and storing everything, before closing. I opted for a simple doner (lamb) kebab with every topping, to make the preparation as easy and quick as possible. I was considering to take the kebab away and eat it along the way back to my b&b, but when I had the package in my hands I had to look for a place to put it on. It was huge!Not a memorable kebab (my memories go only to one I had in Germany and one in Greece), but a fair meal. Despite feeling a little bit guilty, because I was occupying some space they had to clean, I ate as much as possible of the dish, but I wasn't able to complete even half of my mission.Very good for hungry people!
