4	I love the room. Always stay @ B. Most, people are OK, a few are shits, a few, the ones I deal with are great. What is wrong is the attitude, as expressed in the previous casuistic review of itself. Don't give patrons instructions on how to behave. Don't tell us to be good to the people who work there. Some people who work there should be given instructions. Act like you appreciate our business and remember there are 3 million other poker rooms to go to. As much as I like the B, I hate arrogance , wherever it comes from.
4	So I'm not a poker player but the boyfriend is so I'm always tagging along.  I've been in Poker rooms all over the country and the Bellagio definitely ranks up there in class and style.  Although smaller than some of its competitors at 40 tables, the room is always packed and has a variety of games.  The buy-ins are significantly less than the Venetian -- $500 max for 2/5 NL and $400 min/$1500 max for  5/10 NL but there's plenty of action and if it's not enough, you can usually find several high stakes games going on.    There's usually a celebrity or two in the room and if you're lucky you can catch a glimpse of the pros playing in Bobby's Room.They offer Orange Julius smoothies (orange, strawberry, and pineapple) topped with whipped cream and a giant piece of fruit (so delish!) in addition to the standard mixed drinks, red bull, and coffee.  Some of the waitresses are a bit old -- grandma status even, probably thanks to the Union, but what they lack in youth and boobs they make up for in experience and customer service.The wait list can get pretty long on the weekends but well worth it to play in one of the most noted poker rooms in the world!
4	I play @ the Bellagio about 6 times a year. Life is formed by the people you interact with in everything. The B poker room is an interesting example. My observation at the B follows. The morning shift, 10A to 6P is great. The shift manager, Calvin is the best. Most employees, dealers, chip; runners, people who clean up and supervisors are terriffic on this shift. The 6P to 2A shift is no where near as good. The kids at the front are too full of themselves. Too slow to start games and generally indifferent to customers like me in the low limit game. Once you sit down you are done with them, but it leaves a bad taste.. There are a few good people on this shift, older Timmy for one. The 2 to 10 staff is also great. The problem, to me, stems from employees at B, like the first review here, give customers instrucions on how to please employees rather than the reverse. Nothing good can come from that attitude.
5	Really nice room. Busy but efficient at starting new tables and filling seats. Good drinks served with decent speed. Solid dealers. Bottom line, this was a fun place to play.
5	The dealers are fine, some good, some that look like they just want to leave. The room itself has the most tables on Vegas an also has the most games running. If you are looking to play above 1/2, this is your room. The Venetian is comparable, but bellagio is slightly better. I have some minor issues with the room but it still gets 5 stars as it is my favorite poker room in Vegas.
5	GREAT! I almost deducted a star because Mr. Rosie S. didn't have a good day. But I couldn't. They don't really cater to the railbirds: whatever. I wandered around the whole casino - it was awesome. I went to the Dior flagship store and tried on an $18,900 dress, then returned to the poker room area to observe after ordering a glass of champagne. I LOVE VEGAS.Friendly staff and players, everything you'd expect from everything you've heard about what it's like to play at The Bellagio.Mr. Rosie S. bought in for $200, which is standard for this type of action (low-limit - $1/$2). This is where he's comfortable, having played in various casinos at this level. He said it would be worth a $200 donation just to sit and play in that room.He waited an orbit before playing, and a few players commented on how cool and intelligent that was - which was really nice, especially since I assume in Vegas, poker players would be cutthroat.When he went out, everyone at the table stood up, shook his hand and said some version of "good game" or "thank you". Very cool. You could tell they were all regulars - everyone at the table had a Player's Card they were swiping except Mr. Rosie S.The friendliness was a very pleasant surprise. We assumed the most famous Poker Room in the Poker Universe would be scary.Plus it's pretty cool to know that you're right down the hall from BOBBY'S ROOM, where some of the biggest and most important games in poker are played. Incrediballs. You have to have at least $100,000 in your pocket to even LOOK at that room. The minimum it takes to just see the flop is $4,000, provided there are no raises... and the standard raise would be three times the size of the big blind, which would be $12,000. That's just crazy talk."The Professor, the Banker, and the Suicide King: Inside the Richest Poker Game of All Time" - a book by Michael Craig about BOBBY'S ROOM that's very worth reading if you're interested.
4	The  poker room at the Bellagio has a $4. rake they play nine handed which makes the games play short quite often. They have a $1. per hour comp program toward your food.They spread all games mostly NLHE,but you can find mid to high limit stud and O/8 .They do not allow call ins. The tables are rather close together making getting around a little inconvenient. All & All   A large poker room that is always busy..............edit 7/6/2014 since the above review they now give $2. per hour in comps,and have removed three tables giving the players more room,also  they do now allow call-ins,these changes making the Bellagio even a better place to play..
2	If it weren't for the fact that this is basically the only place left in town that spreads higher stakes limit games, Bellagio would get barely one star.  The room is cramped, the air quality is poor, the drink service is nearly nonexistent, and the dealers average (for Vegas) at best.  The games are beatable, since the locals (and almost all of the players in the higher limit games these days are regulars) consistently underestimate the quality of play from a tourist like myself.  But the dealers ignore you unless they recognize you (even if you tip generously) and playing ten handed at tables built for nine players gets old in a hurry.  If Wynn, Venetian, or anyplace else in town spreads the game you're looking for, you are much better off there than dealing with Bellagio.
2	The Bellagio first of all is a crowded room with poor service by the floor people.  The dealers here are the only reason this gets two stars, for the most part they do a great job and are good about keeping the games going.  Furthermore It gets annoying getting your chair bumped into when your in the middle of a hand because the tables are smashed together.  They are really bad about opening new tables when there are 30 people waiting.  The action is tight and the buy in for the 2/5 is only $500 and the 5/10 a $1500 max????? what is up with that.  I used to always play at B when I came to Vegas (6-8 times a year) then I discovered VENETIAN.  Dont waste your time waiting for a seat at B cause the V will start a game as soon as they get 7 people for any game and the action is way better.
5	One of the best poker rooms in America. I'm a tournament specialist. I enjoy the atmosphere and the game play here. They have friendly staff and very competitive players. While I don't play the cash games here, the stories I've heard... aggressiveness is the key. I would like recommend if you have the money to play in one of their WPT tournaments, especially the WPT World Championship. Great place to play.
1	Very disappointed with the Bellagio Poker Room. I played here for 4 days during my last Vegas trip.  During this time, the level of service, attitudes, and competency I experienced from the staff ranged from great to unforgivable.I left with a good amount from here, and most players will agree that always puts you in a good mood. So for me to leave and still never want to come back just shows how terrible the Bellagio Poker Room staff can be.Great:The room itself is pretty nice: clean tables, overall nice looking facility, decent enough screens to show various (sports) games that are on.  Overall when I first started playing, I was wow'ed at the staff and room itself.  Seemed like a solid poker room.(Cocktail service is expectedly slow.  I can forgive that.)Some of the dealers were great. Friendly, focused, courteous and gracious.  Some had great personality on top of that and made it a great experience at the table.Some of the supervisors/managers were nice and it was clear they were doing everything they could to keep the players happy.  Some were courteous and even apologized when asking me for my ID.  One was even quick to bring me my chips since he was "heading that way anyway", and with a smile the whole time.Unforgivable:Overall, too many of the dealers were incompetent or rude. Here are just a few examples I can recall:- Telling me to "count it yourself" when I asked to confirm how much the player across the long end of the table just raised.  - Inconsistently "regulating" which motions qualify as a call and which qualify as a raise.- Failing to call out a straddle all the way until a raise at the dealer button. (This forced the players who had called to put double the amount of chips in, even if they wouldn't have called knowing there were a straddle.  It's not that much money, but this never should have happened, as the dealer should have at least been paying enough attention to have called out the straddle to the first caller who called with the non-straddle amount).- Asking me/assuming that I must only be there playing because "[my] boyfriend must be upstairs playing in the high stakes room".  He wasn't.  I was there alone.  He was at the blackjack tables.- Failing to give change back.- Prematurely burning and turning the river when a player went all-in heads up and the other player was still thinking but had not yet acted.  Based on the all-in player's reaction from the river, the other player decided to call. The river was run again and the all-in player lost nearly half a grand.  For the record, everyone at the table had heard the player say "all in" twice. And he would have won if the hand were dealt correctly and the original river played.When some of this was brought to the managers/supervisors' attention, they were unapologetic and arrogantly and nonchalantly dismissed the dealer mistakes by saying "Do you expect everyone to be perfect?".  Highly rude and unprofessional.Dealers have long shifts, and often at difficult hours. I am absolutely understanding of them making mistakes once in a while.  I've seen it happen my fair share of times.  It happens. But I am not understanding of consistent rudeness, especially after a mistake.  And from a manager/supervisor level, I am definitely not understanding of rudeness after a mistake.  I did not expect such a poor experience from the Bellagio Poker Room. My family and friends and I have been long-time loyal customers and have enjoyed staying there. We have always thought it a place that takes great pride in their establishment. But based on the treatment I received and witnessed in their Poker Room, I will have to let them know that this is untrue. Seeing other players get accused of and chastised for "expecting people to be perfect" is not the type of service I want in a Poker Room, casino, restaurant, hotel, or any other business.I will certainly be taking my business and chips elsewhere unless they manage to improve their attitude. I advise you to do the same.
1	I've been to Vegas about 20 times in the past 4 years and I have also played in at least 30 different poker rooms throughout my whole life and can easily say that Bellagio's poker room is TERRIBLE.How does a 5 star hotel like this end up with a 1-star poker room?  The quality of the dealers are terrible.  They're worse than the dealers than can't speak English at Commerce Casino.  They make a mistake at a rate like once every 5 minutes and also do not apologize for any of it at all.  They are terrible at announcing what the size of the bet is, knowing who's turn it is, or even KNOWING if someone goes ALL IN...  This is for most of their dealers too in case you think I just have a grudge against one of them!  The only reason I played there was because it was really close by but now I regret every single bit of it.Also the floor managers are terrible because they always think they're right and put themselves BEFORE the customer.  Great way to have customer service in a 5-star hotel right?  I guess all the "good managers" got promoted to Aria's poker room so these are just the deadbeats leftover that couldn't get a promotion.  Oh well, I'm definitely never playing here again, and have good luck to you if you actually decide to play here.
1	can they move...any slower...i was about to go to that counter and start running the place by myself. it took me 40min to get my name on the list...RIDIC! and i dont even mind waiting...but PLEASE work faster.
5	Love this poker room. the tables are always a blast with good, drunk people. The service is as prompt as can be. It's literally right next to the SportsBook, bathroom, and snack shop. Then you can look inside the World Famous "Bobby's Room" where I've seen Doyle Brunson, Barry Greenstein, Sean Sheikhan, Jen Harmon, among others just this year. And where else do you play poker with famous rappers who introduce you to new drinks? Win or lose, this place is fun, especially at night on a weekend.
5	Once upon a time was a med stakes NLHE grinder before black friday hit, so naturally I'm familiar with the place. I started coming here nights after the non-crap sites got shut down and the games run pretty hot. Given the amount of drunken madness going on here you could make a decent profit even if you aren't a professional, although some nights it's a regularfest.And I see everybody whining about dealers but lolol they're stupid everywhere you go. If you don't know how to speak up loudly when they mess up, it's on you. I've seen plenty of pots completely f'd at a lot of places. Human beings make mistakes; if you had to sit there all day long listening to drunk people talk about outrageous shit and stare at the same thing for 12 hours straight you'd mess up once in awhile too. Don't be a dick about it when it happens, you're not helping anyone and a floor manager isn't going to refund you, just move on with life. You're at the bellagio spewing money around--you're life is fine with one messed up pot I promise!Lastly this is one of the few places that you'll see or (if lucky) get to play with a pro or two. I've seen Lederer and Ivey and some other guys although never played with any. But if you come enough you will see them hanging out.
2	Tight spaced room full of jag off dealers, jag off floormen, and jag off players.
3	Play there daily easy access to room by side valet. Very comfortable but room is getting old and needs upgrades. Needs to allow charging for cell phones and ipads while there. Also time to get on Bravo Poker Live for game selections like rest of casinos in town
1	This review is a bit late since I just recently signed up for Yelp and it's been a few years since I last played here and have chose not to go back. It's possible things have changed since then but the times I went here, it was not a great experience.The first thing that stands out is there are too many tables so it's a tight fit. It feels like being like a sardine in a can. Every time I got up from the table for a bathroom break or whatnot, the back of my chair would ALWAYS hit another persons chair at the next table. I noticed it happened alot with others also.Action was hit n miss. A few times the action was decent and a couple times it was horrid. There seems to be always a reasonable number of players sitting on huge stacks waiting for big hands.As for service. Cocktail service were decent. The dealers were ok but not the greatest. The floorpersons/managers who were signing you up for the waiting list and assigning seats weren't very friendly. They gave me the impression that it was a chore they didn't want to do or didn't really care much about what they were doing. The last time I went there since friends visiting from out of town wanted to play there. The 3 of us got seated at 3 separate tables but we asked to be put on the change tables list to the main game. There was nobody else on that list cept the 2 of us. Shortly after, probably less than 30min later I happened to look over and see 2 players stand up from that game and cash out. I figured we'd be called to move over soon. Waited 5min or so and next thing we know, 2 new players get seated in those vacated spots that we were to be next. I walk over to that table to verify that is what happened. Then I walked back to the front podium and told the same floor manager who signed us on for the table change that he or someone seated 2 others in front of us incorrectly. He looked lost when I said that then looked at the signup sheet. All he said to me flatly was 'Oh...I'll put you two in when the next 2 seats open up.' *grimace*My 2 friends weren't too happy about how that went either and I told them I sure ain't coming here again if I can help it. And I haven't. That last visit was almost 6yrs ago.
5	best poker room in the city. love how its right next to the sports book. so you can watch the game your betting on while you play. lots of drunk tourist giving money away on fridays and saturday nights.
3	This is a solid room in that it's in a fancy casino and spreads a good variety of games most of the time.  But, it lacks in promotions for players (they don't need to do anything to get you to come in the door, it's the Bellagio) and in the arrangement of the tables.  I think they are WAY too close together.  If Bellagio ran Venetian, it would add another 50 tables to that room.  If you are sitting at certain tables, you have to ask people at other tables to get up if you need to leave the table.  That's how close the tables are, it's very annoying.  As others note, it's a good place to look for poker celebrities, and while Aria has taken a lot of the big action, Bellagio still gets its share of high play.
1	Small poorly organized room. The dealers here are rude and incompetent, as are the rest of the staff. A waitress literally started yelling at me in the middle of a game, saying I was in the way. Management was all lip service, saying the cocktail waitresses were unionized and there was nothing they could do. After I complained she went back and kept pushing my husbands's chair, harassing him. These people are poorly trained and hateful, intentionally offensive because I guess they can't get fired. We will not return, there are plenty of other poker rooms where the dealers don't make mistakes and act rude to players and where the waitresses aren't permitted to yell at customers because they are apparently too important to go around people. The dealers, waitresses, and other staff complain loudly about customers and also make incredibly offensive comments about players under their breath, to each other, and to other players. A number of the comments I heard had racial and nationalistic overtones, while others are just swear words and general insults.
3	Sure...the guys that check you in at the desk notice that you're standing in front of them yet decide they would rather answer the phone and help the person calling instead of you.  Sure...it's a bit cramped in there and you sometimes need to head in the opposite direction of your table in order to actually make it there without having to disturb other players.  Sure...it might take you an hour to get on a table during crowded times.  But you really can't beat the action and the games that they have here.  They have a wide variety of limit and no-limit games and there's never a shortage of players.  It's not my favorite room as far as the layout or service but it's definitely a good game.
4	I really like this room. Others said it was cramped but I did not find it that way. Love the chips and the felt. The chairs are comfortable. You just feel like you are in one of the best poker rooms in the world when you play there. The drink service was excellent. They serve champagne with a strawberry. The sports book is steps away. The lighting is nice and subdued. I definitely enjoyed my time playing here.
3	I play a lot of poker and do not get me wrong now that I live in Las Vegas I believe the Bellagio is a great casino. I am slim and I cannot stand the position of all the tables. It is crazy you are always rubbing up on someones chair going to the restroom. Please fix that Bellagio and space them out somehow. And my only other complaint is when I was on the 2/5 nlhe game I was starving and so I ordered a falafel sandwich. And I thought to myself Jesus Christ did she just roll my food up to me on another poker table chair with a towel on it!!! This is the mother clucking Bellagio this casino put class on the map. I swear I had to stare at it for 3 minutes before I said to the dealer deal me out and grabbed my food and went up to my room to eat it. Other then that I love the B.
2	Bellagio is a landmark for Vegas poker. In short, bellagio is the place to play for status, or certain limits or games you can't find anywhere else. You probably have one of the best and biggest selections of games and limits in town that run consitantly around the clock. The floor at Bellagio is BY FAR the rudest and least friendly in town. They act like you are putting them out if you ask them anything. And god forbid if you ask one of them a question and its not their section, or you aren't in there everyother day, or have at least 10k+ to buy into a game they don't wanna know you. Just comes down to what's important to you, cramped room with rude staff and aging equipment, for best selection of games and limits you can find.
4	Yea... Sure they ignore you and prefer to do other things or pawn you off to a different section but I've spent weeks in this poker room. They don't treat you different wether you are playing a lower or higher limit game. I have ran into some of the greatest poker players in the world here and majority of them are the most humble people. The food service is amazing. Sure, it takes some time to get the person at the podium to take your order but when the food is delivered, they have a roll in table that allows you to eat and play. The only problem I find about this poker room is the amount of space you have because it is extremely cramped. As far as players, majority of them are professional. Bellagio offers structured games which differs from many other poker rooms. It is definitely worth a visit during the World Series. Regardless of the downfalls, I love the Bellagio poker room!
4	This used to be the place to go back in the day, it's still a great room but the crowdedness can really be a turn off. On any given day though, you will find name players and hollywood celebrities. Food is top notch.
