5	After my usual spot closed down, I found this place after making a few friends at Recollections before they closed thier doors.I went in for the first time today, and I liked it.  They have plenty of paper, some ribbon, stickers and other scrapbooking supplies that you will need to work.  The store was neat and clean, lab had plenty of work room, with die cut machines and good lighting to work under.  No charge for lab time, and they do offer scrap nights for the usual $15. Open crop nights are Friday and Saturday nights, with door prizes and dinner.Please check with the store for class times and schedule.  The staff here is great, and extremely helpful.
5	I slipped into the parking lot to take a picture of Floridino's to put with my Yelp review and screeched to a halt when I saw this scrapbooking store--new since I was here last September.  What  beautiful,  well-lit, clean, appealing store!  I bought a couple of items and was glad to see that Chandler now had another scrapbooking store to make up for losing Recollections.  Now I will combine this with a trip to my favorite rubber stamp store--Stampworks!--whenever I am in town!
5	5 huge stars for this perfectly organized scrap booking store. Huge HUGE paper selection and anything else you could possibly need for your scrapbook. Books, ribbon, stencils, stamps cute little adornments... I can't wait to go back! I was with a friend and we shopped for wall letters along with paper to scrap them. She left with a full set of letters and a huge assortment of papers and adornments for under $35. Impressive.
5	Great staff, great selection of paper!
5	-This is the BEST Scrapbook store in the entire Valley! Five stars!-Huge classroom with a lot of work space.-Nice decor. Cute store!-Good selection of scrapbook supplies.-Friendly staff.-Convenient parking.-Good selection of classes.
5	Cute store, great selection, friendly staff,  reasonable pricing. This is probally the best scrapbook store in Arizona. I have to say the scrap booking convention was an awesome experience. Paper Vineyard has the next best closest selection to the scrap book convention.... Thank you for the 20 for 30 deal, can honestly say I got alot of goodies for my money. :) If you are into scrap booking I highly recomend checking this place out.
4	This store has really downsized since I last went in there (it's been a few years).  I really miss how it used to be -- full of so much paper, embellishments, and the classroom area was huge!  I totally understand having to move into a smaller space, though.  I am just now getting back into scrapbooking after quite awhile of not having the extra money to spend on this hobby.The store still has a nice array of products -- both paper and embellishments.  I didn't have a hard time using the Yelp deal ($20 for $30 worth of products).  I found tons of stuff I wanted.  The atmosphere is very casual and nobody is hounding you while you browse.  I've always liked that about this location.I didn't catch her name, but the lady that was working on the day my husband and I went in (9/9/12) was extremely nice and friendly.The store is still very well organized, maintained, and has plenty of product to choose from.
