5	Great service!  Couldn't ask for it any quicker! ! I took in 5 watches for batteries and repair and ruddie had it for me the next day. He said it would be ready in half an hour. Wow what more can you ask for.  Competitive priced.  Would Highly recommend! !!
5	Rudy, the man that owns this store was very nice & has been in the business for 35 years. I took a ring in to get it appraised; he was professional & knowledgable! Cleaned it up for an optimized appraisal! It's a smaller, shop run by him & his wife; which made it seem (in my opinion) very personal, attention wise. I had a wonderful experience. Will go back to get my ring sized.
5	Rudy at Blueberry Jewelers is such an incredible jeweler. I've taken several of my jewelry pieces in to get repaired. He is fast, inexpensive and the pieces repaired come back looking brand new! Rudy has even helped me in creating some very unique custom pieces. His talent and attention to detail is second to none. It's always a pleasure working with Rudy and Norma. #1 Jeweler and #1 Jewelry store in Vegas hands down!!
5	I just had Rudy make me a chunky gold link bracelet and he is an absolute perfectionist !I am as well so the fact that I am so very pleased with his work gives you an idea of the caliber work he puts out.I live in the midwest and will not buy another piece of jewelry from anyone else.I am so grateful to know I have a jeweler now who is capable of doing anything!Thanks Rudy,Susan Hoien
5	Talk about discounted prices when the owners are the jewelers that craft everything!  If you want custome made pieces you found the place that will guarantee quality at a great price. Awesome jewelry
5	If there was an option to have more stars, I would give Blueberry jewelers 1000+ stars! They are very professional and caring enough to understand what you want and over deliver. I was very surprised in the result of my custom piece I had them make. I had them make me some custom charms for a necklace, and they came out AMAZING! Highly recommend them to everyone! A+++++++
5	The have a big and beautiful variety of jewelry for men and women,  the owners Norma and Rudy really took care of me with their great customer service and good prices. ...love this place!!
5	Rudy and Norma make the whole experience inside Blueberry Jewelers very pleasant.  They are extremely welcoming and professional.  Though I didn't make a jewelry purchase, the repairs on a bracelet and an earring were done quickly and just right.  Watch batteries are priced substantially lower than other jewelry stores I've frequented, too!  Their collection of jewelry is beautiful. What really impressed me, too, is that he can create whatever type piece you have in mind.  He is an artist who truly exhibits his passion for what he does through his enthusiasm and genuine desire to please.  I am so happy to have this fine store in my immediate community!
5	I am extremely pleased with the work from Blueberry Jewelers master Jeweler Rudy!He made an absolute state of the art set of rings for my fiance and I. I would definitely recommend Blueberry Jewelers to absolutely everybody. Their prices are very reasonable and the quality of the work is EXCELLENT! Custom design and quality work is their specialty!!!Thank you Rudy!
5	Thanks fellow yelpers for helping me find this place! Was able to take links out of a diamond bracelet for a very low price. They were quick and extremely nice. Would recommend this place to anyone looking for jewlery repair!
5	My recent and first-time experience with Blueberry Jewelers was for repairs on a bracelet, hoop earring, and watch.  Rudy and Norma could not have been friendlier.  The repairs were done quickly and completely at a reasonable price.  I was so impressed by Rudy's passion and commitment to his profession and eagerness to please.  He seems to truly love what he does.  He can even create a piece just for you, if you require something beyond the fine selection of jewelry in the store.  I am so pleased to have Blueberry Jewelers in my immediate neighborhood.
5	After my son had a second surgery to repair broken bones in his leg, the surgeon sent us the stainless steel rods and screws from the first surgery.We wanted to convert these surgical components into a cross pendant for my son to remind him of how blessed we are to have overcome his injury. And we wanted it as a Christmas present! I called several local jewelers from Yelp. None of them seemed interested in such a small project. And then we called Rudy at Blueberry Jewelers. He was as courteous and professional over the phone as he was in person. Rudy took the hardware and made a phenomenal piece of art! The cross is absolutely beautiful despite the simplistic design!  There was not a dry eye in our house when my son opened his gift! However, more importantly the quality of the piece, was only surpassed by the service we received! Rudy and Norma we very cordial and professional! Good old fashioned hospitality! We will remain loyal customer to Blueberry Jewelers! Anthony & Cynthia P.Henderson
5	My wife and I are from Australia and we were looking for a mother ring for her.  I saw all the good reviews on Yelp  about Rudy and Norma so we paid them a visit. We were not disappointed.  Rudy made my wife a ring over the Xmas period in a timely fashion...and before we returned home.  My wife and I are extremely happy with the  craftsmanship and quality of the ring.  THANKS Rudy !!!
