3	Name should be C.O. Daniel's.Not that I would ever be comfortable in a bar like this again...but damn did I have fun here in college!Competitor of KAM'S, which is right next door.  Oh, and btw, both of them are a stone's throw from the main quad.I love UIUC.
4	A few years ago i would have given this bar 3 stars, but they have cleaned up a little and the crowd has changed since i graduated. When i went there, the bathrooms would flood about half way into the night and spill out into the actual bar. It's a little better now, but the bathrooms are still really gross, even for a campus bar. Take a friend in case there's no door.
2	For one, the name of this bar is "C.O. Daniel" - which stands for Cochrane On Daniel. It's a Cochrane bar - imagine that.It is affectionately known as "C.O.'s" or "See Ho's".It is a dirty dirty bar, full of underaged fratties and fratties to be, and their corresponding sorostitutes. You will not sit on any of the toilets (unless getting the clap sounds like a fun idea to you). You will not make out with any of the basketball players that show up and drink for free all night.You will receive free shots from your frat brothers who work there. You will stick to the floor, which is covered in a sludge of booze, puke, broken glass, and old napkins which have been ground into a slime. You will be approached by a number of unsavory types. And you will see an exorbitant amount of striped shirts, popped collars, and nearly naked 19 year old girls who are way too excited about their vodka-crans.
1	When I went in it smelled overpoweringly like barf. Remembrance of the stomach bile stink still haunts me whenever I think of or pass by this eyesore. It was so strong I couldn't talk, listen or even think. I could hardly choke down the swill and nod to whatever crap music was playing or in rough acknowledgment of what I thought someone else was saying. WHAT DID SHE SAY? THIS PLAY DUCKLING BUCKS? Its pretty loud. Needless to say it was also too crowded, dark and dirty. I realize that I am not exactly in their target market, being over 21 and all, but this place is just horrifically bad. Those that characterize this bar as anything but an unmitigated crap-dungeon are either lying to themselves or have never been to a decent bar.
2	I was actually in CO's two years ago, and they sure cleaned the place up.  I'd still pay never to have to go in there again, but that's only because of memories of a floor covered in vomit and backed-up toilet water.  It's much nicer now, or at least it was two years ago, but it's a college bar, which means that you should leave your sophistication and morals at the door.
