5	Amazing, wonderful, relaxing - there aren't enough adjectives in the dictionary to describe Debbie and her services. I hesitate to say I got a facial, because it was so much more. If there were just one word to describe the total experience, it would be VAVOOM!!!! I have had facials in the past, but I encourage you to book one with Debbie at Spa tacular Sleekskin, and I promise you that you'll never go anywhere else. No "big stuffy spa atmosphere" here. Debbie will discuss with you one on one what you are needing/wanting and customizes the facial - each and every time! My skin is unbelievably soft, and brighter and I can't wait for my next visit! Thanks Debbie - seriously, you're the BEST!
5	A professional esthetician and one-woman show, Debbie customizes each treatment to suit your skin and your mood.  She is savvy and experienced, staying abreast of the latest developments in the field.  A monthly facial with Debbie is something I wouldn't miss.  She also carries a great selection of products, and  I'm always delighted with the results!
5	I truly cannot stop talking about my wonderful experience at Sleekskin.  Debbie's knowledge and expertise, genuine interest and outgoing demeanor left me leaving with a smile on my very clean and smooth face.  She told me things about my skin that no other aesthetician or dermatologist had ever pointed out or noticed.  The selection of products is as amazing as the fact that she doesn't guilt you into purchasing them.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Relaxing . . . professional . . . informative . . . Debbie Davis truly does give an experience that focuses on beauty from the inside out.  I've been a happy client of hers for years, and I'm already scheduled for my next visit!
5	Debbie at Sleekskin Aesthetics is simply amazing! A true professional who is educated in her field. Debbie customizes each treatment to your budget and your lifestyle!You will leave feeling beautiful, relaxed and informed!I always look forward to my next session.
5	I would like to share my experience with Debbie! What a pleasure it was getting a facial from Debbie! The best facial I have ever received! Her positive energy made me feel so relaxed! She took her time and addressed all the areas of concern! It shows when someone is really passionate about what they do and I have seen that during my facial experience with Debbie! Thank you so much Debbie! You are wonderful!Anyone who is looking for a real facial go see Debbie! She is the best!
5	Debbie is amazing, knowledgable on products for your skin  and also nutritional needs as well.  I've been going to her for 20+ years and I always learn something new from her.  I would never go anywhere else.
5	Debbie gave me the best facial I've ever had in 48 years of living in Scottsdale.  Very knowledgeable about her products and she uses the best technology on the market. Very relaxing, stress free and the massage to the neck and upper back was amazing.  My face is still glowing.  Thank you Debbie, you've made me look younger and more stubtle.
