1	This /Furniture Fun and Mattress RX/ are located near *Ikea*, which is an intelligent strategy.Store layout is spacious, comfortable enough. The manager "Curley" (Kiraly) was animated and intelligent, and he seems to be associated with surrounding businesses, possibly recycling mattresses or the material thereof, and creating new mattresses from unused stock materials. (This needs to be explored, but I am uncertain of how to do so).I talked with Dakota, a sales representative, who gave a reasonable explanation of the services provided and the price "savings" from local retailers, etc.We agreed to a $1000 (total) Cal-King "Evo" purchase, which comes with a ~$240 steel fold-away frame, a mattress protector, and the right to exchange the mattress for another style (up to three exchanges allowed) during the next 30 days. The exchange is final. They contract with delivery service, and $60 will bring our mattress to Mesa, AZ.Promised to be delivered in one week, the following Saturday, 7 days.On Thursday, we received a call delaying another week... to 14 days. The CCard is already charged. Called to ask why. Took ~1.5hr for them to "find out". More soon... I hope good news.(This review is a "snapshot". I promise to return and update each week until delivered or refunded. Then I promise to give a review after a few months, a year, etc...)
3	Received that call on Thurs to deliver on Sat! Wahoo!Sat was 2/3 over w/ no word from them (promised a morning call to set up delivery), & so, bugged them...AGAIN. Finally, within 2hrs, the delivery arrived (2008 Ford Truck & two guys).Quick n easy setup of Space Saver Glydaway (one broken weld), slid on the mattress protector, and viola: sleeping in luxury!Another review to follow in a couple months! Feeling much better about the purchase now :)
4	Literally, sleeping in luxury!I have enjoyed greatly improved sleep this past week :) I am 188cm (6'2") and fit quite well on this Cal-King, Glydaway foundation (comes up 3" past knee).Thank you Dakota for sharing your expertise for choosing the appropriate mattress firmness :)Another review to follow in a year, or so.
5	Two notes:*Returned from vacation paying too much to sleep on cabin mattress :P So glad to get /home/ and enjoy a fully satisfying, deep sleep.*Mattress protector works!Accidentally knocked over liquids onto the bed, which sat over night. In the morning, noticed, removed carefully, and thankfully noticed the mattress was not wet :)Mattress protector machine washed, Medium Tumble Dry ;)WHew...
1	This store is like shopping at a used car lot. Not only did my salesperson try to pressure me into a purchase, but his manager (who goes by Curly) pressed me even harder to buy a bed that I could not afford. When I left, I was told that I wasn't a "Serious buyer". I bought at the store next door instead, and was treated much better there.
1	Not impressed right off the bat. In a weird location right next to another mattress store. Walking in felt pressure right off the bat. When I mentioned I was just looking, I was quickly dismissed. We are needing three new mattresses and will be looking elsewhere. We suggest anyone else does as well.
