4	Like every other bed, bath and beyond. Its a nice store to walk through and dream about what to get for your house, see the latest kitchen gadgets, etc.
4	Trash can for the kitchen. .   What to pick!Simplehuman (I think it is referring to my husband, HA)  is the only brand I saw there.  We had a stain steel trash can and our dog loves.  He can step on the foot level and he can go through the trash.  We loved the stain steel ones but they did not have a pet lock.  Only the black matted style had it, so got it.  We are happy but our dog is not.  =)
5	Awesome Bed Bath and Beyond! We returned a $300 plus juicer and  had zero hassle, no questions, no drama, just simply the best customer service experience. We will continue to make this BB&B our go to shop in the Valley!
4	Just like every other BBB, huge selection of everything you could think of, plus some things you didn't even know existed. I could spend thousands of dollars in this store, it's dangerous, really. Customer service, eh. The girl at the counter was on the phone with someone who lost their cane in the parking lot almost the entire time while ringing me up. Barely said anything to me at all. As it happens when I got to my car I found the cane they were looking for, so I went back in to return it (trying to be nice) and she was still on the phone with the lady and all she said was "oh, the lady I was helping found it". There was no thank you or acknowledgment that I went out of my way to bring it into the store for them. It's petty, I know, but it rubbed me the wrong way. She could have at least said thank you.
1	I went in to pick up a few things and headed to check out.  5 people in front of me and within 1 minute , 3 behind me; one cashier.  She waits on 2 people with multi items and as I am walking out of the store, she finally calls for back up.  This is the second time this has happened in the last 30 days in exactly the same way and with the same outcome for me.  I went back the second time because they have always been courteous and I thought it was a one time thing.  They obviously have some kind of staffing issue that isn't working very well and I won't be going back any time soon.  My money spends everywhere.
2	Stopped by to exchange some items we received as a gift. The woman who attempted to help us was incredibly rude, unfriendly, and unprofessional and was completely not helpful. Thanks for nothing, Lana! Unbelievable!
1	Why would a large franchise store I like this be understaffed during the holidays?? There are six parties in line ahead of me there are two cashiers for over 30 customers. This is crazy! I had to circle the entire store to find one customer service representative. This franchise needs to get it together. If my math is correct, I will be in line over 20 minutes before I get to the cashier, wow!
1	So I went into my local BB&B in Glendale to buy some teaspoons.  The nice young man that helped me, couldn't answer my question.  He called for help from someone in the kitchen (silverware) area to aid in answering my inquiry.  The woman who came to help was the most RUDE person I've dealt with for years!!  She acted as if we had put her out by asking questions.  her name is Kathy and thanks to her, I'll not be shopping there in the future.  Happy New Year Kathy.
