2	Crappy Cleaners. I was very disappointed with the way my clothes came back. The shirt with pleats looked like they put it in the dryer, had to take it to a different place to get it done right .
3	This has been my every day cleaners for a couple of years.  The ownership has changed in the last 8 months and they have updated their systems quite a bit.  I spend almost $80 a month on dry cleaning and I have never had a problem here.  I see no reason to pay $3-$4 a garment with the amount of clothes I'm running through a dry cleaner each month.  The staff is polite and knows me by name.  I would recommend.
3	I took four tops and four pairs of pants. The pants were creased well. They have installed a computer system to provide a professional ticket. Easy to read tickets. My clothes were ready the next business day by 9 am. They do accept debit cards with a $.50 fee. I will return.
1	I think this is named Cambridge Cleaners now. And it is $2.50 an item. But...having been a dry cleaners daughter I am not impressed. At all. Yes.....you get what you pay for but they are not able to get a simple salad dressing spot out of my husband's polo shirts. It has not been washed or thrown in the dryer which sets stains. It is not laundered- it is supposedly pre- spotted and then dry cleaned. 5 of the 7 had to be returned. I know it can come out. I have taken the very same shirts to another cleaners and voila- not a problem. SO why can't they get it out? I do not recommend and I won't go back.
4	I have been going here for years and they are consistently good.  I have been shocked at the prices some other cleaners charge!  If  a button ends up missing they replace it, no problem.  That hasn't happened in a long time.  A couple of times they couldn't  get a stain out that came out at home in the washing machine but that only happens a handful of times.  Also, the girl who works evenings is very nice.  Give her a raise!  She's great.  She remembers my name.  With the amount of business they have, that's impressive.
