5	Very clean facility, friendly staff.  Staff is always helpful and motivating so I always want to go back and stick to my goal!!
5	Clean atmosphere, courteous staff, and plenty of workout options make this a great place to workout.
5	Do you drive by this Anytime Fitness (or any Anytime Fitness) and say "I will try them out eventually" or "I wonder if they really mean anytime" or "I'm already a member at a gym, why get another one?"  Well, I know I said those things! I decided to stop by one day and see what they were about. On my first visit, I was given a tour and told about the different memberships they offer and how they do mean they are open anytime. So, I said sign me up. Along with my new membership I was given 3 free personal training sessions which was a HUGE plus because I had been considering getting a trainer and by having these free sessions to test the waters I could determine if I wanted to continue and keep my trainer, and that's exactly what I did! They have plenty of training session formats to choose from (1x-3x for 3 months to a year) and the trainer provides tips on nutrition and cardio/strength training when you are exercising on your own. Other highlights of Anytime Fitness include:  the gym is always open, there are state of the art exercise machines (ellipticals, treadmills, stationary bikes, and a stair master), all machines have tv's attached to them, there are free weights and machine weights, showers to use, a vending machine, staffed office hours, and they provide an online fitness/nutrition portal for all members to track workouts and food eaten daily. A couple things that could be better would be for them to provide lockers, instead of cubbies, to put our belongings and to buy new workout equipment (mats, resistance bands, jump ropes, etc) as the current ones get old/tear. One final thing, if you come between the hours of 5p-7p be prepared to search for a parking spot and/or wait on a cardio machine to open up. If you are looking for a gym that is convenient, clean, affordable, and focused on its members, than Anytime Fitness is your answer!
5	I joined this gym about three years ago.  It is really a great gym! They have all the cardio equipment, free weights, and machines you need.  The staff is very friendly and the gym is very CLEAN (not only does the staff and members clean the equipment but they also have a cleaning service weekly)!  They offer personal training and it does not hurt that the gym is 24hours (which means no excuses on not going). The membership is very reasonable compared to the gyms around town.  Definitely try Anytime Fitness you will not regret it.
3	Okay, so if you were to find this gym in your nice hotel while traveling you would've thought you hit the jackpot!  It certainly has everything you need to put on muscle, do cardio and keep in shape.  But since it's not a hotel gym, but a neighborhood one it just doesn't quite do it for me.  So even though it has everything you NEED, it doesn't have everything I would WANT in my home gym.It's very clean, nicely laid out and very functional.  The clientele is typical American suburbia-- exactly what you would expect to find at a place like this.  If you are just wanting a place very close to home, plan on working out 2-3 times a week and are just running a little defense on the encroaching fat of life, then this place is cool.  But if you desire to make massive changes, be surrounded by other in-shape people to motivate you, then perhaps you may want to consider other places.Please understand, this is a very safe gym, it's just not for me.  I prefer places with a little more umph.  This place is nice- not great, not bad- but nice, maybe that's why it's just not my flavor.  One other thing, the super dark walls and spread out lights made this place seem darker than it needed to be and there were no really good mirrors to check out your swole (meatheads, you KNOW what I'm talking about).
1	DO NOT JOIN THIS GYM. The 1.00 membership fee will be compounded with the 26.99 yearly maintenance fee for the gym.  In addition to having to give a 30 day written notice in order to can all your membership AFTER you have completed your contract.  So, if you have a 12 month contract, you will pay for at least 13 months, plus 2 maintenance fees.   They outsource the contract management to ABC financial who has lawsuits pending in AZ, was part of the lawsuits with Golds Gym, and Peak fitness. All for over charging customers maintenance and monthly fees as well as not  recognizing  valid cancelations.  The is a sham.  Check the BBB and google.  Anytime is hiding behind ABC. And ABC hides behind anytime.  SHAMEFUL.
