5	Prompt service. Great food.  I had the personal sized pizza and it was the perfect amount.
3	Pizza is better than average . My pickup order was late when i got there. 12 customers, 11 employees. Manager was nice, explained my first pizza was burnt.I asked what brand mozzarella they used and they didnt know. At NYPD prices, they should use Grande cheese. Its the best and used in most NYC pizza places. I owned a pizza shop on MIll Ave 1993-1998 called New York Pizza  and DEli(NYPD lol) I used only Grande cheese and Bonta sauce. Bonta is also the preferred  sauce in NYC. At the Prices Mr Stark charges for pizza I would hope he is using both these products. They are superior ingredients, but I understand most pizza places use other ingredients. At $17.49 for an 18' I would expect the best
4	So my company catered in NYPD today. They delivered pizzas, wings and salad. The wings were good. Still hot, good amount of sauce and crispy skin. The pizza was good but had too much grease. They are large slices so the grease just pools up, making it unappetizing. Overall, the flavor was very good, with just the right seasonings, tasty sauce (could've used a bit more sauce tho) and good cheese. Again, very greasy tho. I'll try it again and see if ordering directly works out better.
5	Had a wonderful experience! Our pizza came out wrong and the manager, with out having to ask, too money off our bill for our troubles! The food was delicious and the service was great!
4	Wonderful place for a slice and a brewski. Management was more than accommodating when there was a slight issue. Def recommend.
5	I love it! it has the best pizza for the price. The best place to eat Pizza blanca white pie.
4	I actually really like this location. It's got a great bar and friendly employees. Pizza is better than average. I hope this place lasts because it's the best pizza joint on Mill
4	Lunch is the way to go at NYPD Pizza. I've had the pepperoni & sausage calzone as well as the BBQ Chicken & Pizza Blanca slices. All of have been equally tasty; I just wish that they had more than the one standard pepperoni & sausage calzone option for lunch.As far as prices go: one slice with tax is $3 and some change for their speciality pizzas. They offer other lunch specials (like 2 slices and a drink) for fairly reasonable prices as well.I have only gone there and placed to-go orders so I don't know how their sit-down service is, however, the interactions I've had with the people who work there have been nothing but pleasant. They help with deciding what to get if you need it and get your food out quickly, even during the lunch rush.
1	We've ordered delivery from here tons of times, and if it were up to me, I would've boycotted this place a long time ago (even though they've just opened).  And it's not that I hate pizza, I friggin' love pizza.  I'm happy with just about any pizza, except for the ones I've had from here.  To put things simply, I've had cheaper and much better overnight, cold pizza from Costco that tasted better.  At NYPD, the toppings on their pizzas are sparse, to say the least, the sauce is barely there, and don't get me started on the cheese.  It's disgustingly translucent when "fresh", and even more so when eaten a day later.  Plus, there's barely any of it so all I see is dough, and more dough.  And grease.  Not worth the money they ask, or any amount of money really.  This is college town guys, get on your game or you're gonna lose out to the five million other pizza joints in town.Oh, and I've had better cookies from Keebler.
4	Lasagna pizza? Wow, tastes just like lasagna. Highly recommended! Only on lunch slices menu though.
