5	I'm not sure why there are not reviews for Centro yet, but I loved this bar/restaurant!  I went during the NBA finals because I happened to be staying at the Monte Lucia, and it was a really fun atmosphere.  It's a really big, open space with plenty of seating and several TVs to watch the game(s) on.  I had the cobb salad which was quite good, and they have great beers on tap.
4	Great resort bar to grab a drink, watch sports on the large TV's and enjoy the stellar view!
5	Dre the bartender was super fun, had great convo, and was willing to make us new, experimental drinks! Best Bloody Mary I've had in a long time. Would definitely recommend this place if you're staying here. Miami chic
4	Couldn't have asked for a more beautiful setting. The TV is HUGE and the food is very fresh. Thanks for a great experience!
5	This was the highlight of my trip!  We had quite the debacle with the hotel staff, but the staff here was superb!  In particular, one woman with blonde hair who worked at Centro Lounge at 6PM on June 14th and at the Oasis Pool the next morning, was the best waitress we have ever worked with!  So nice and sweet and extremely helpful and knowledgeable of the menu.The food here was amazing!  I highly recommend the fries, they are the best ever.  They put spices and sea salt on it to create a masterpiece.  Highly recommend this establishment!
5	I just want to say that I am writing this review SPECIFICALLY for the service that we received.  I hope that management reads this and recognizes a fantastic employee.A friend and I recently visited Montelucia to attend one of their 6 week yoga under the stars classes.  We popped in on 11/12/14   (side note, I can't wait until this series comes back in the spring.  It was very enjoyable).  As the class wrapped up, they announced that Centro was featuring a wine & cheese plate special for anyone who wanted to pop in.My friend & I opted to head over.  I could see that there was some type of large dinner party (30+ people) for a special event out in the courtyard and then there were a few tables that were occupied in the restaurant, along with 1 party of 8-10 people.  Otherwise the restaurant was pretty empty.  We walked in and my only issue was that we were unsure if we should seat ourselves or wait to be seated and we weren't really acknowledged when we came in.  We assumed that we could seat ourselves (lack of a hostess stand) and proceeded to grab a small table outside.  We were promptly greeted by our server and brought menus, both for the wine & cheese special and for the restaurant's regular selections.  Our server's name was Christin.  She was bubbly and friendly and immediately made us feel welcome.  We each ordered a glass of wine and a cheese plate (this plate turned out to be quite large and had 3 generous servings of cheese, a large portion of grapes and some crispy flat bread/cracker type things, along with a small bit of green apple).  Our plates were so large and our table so small, that Christin immediately grabbed another small side table and put it next to us.  Although I wish I'd known what our cheeses were, we dug in and thoroughly enjoyed our food.  The restaurant manager stopped by to be sure that we we were well taken care of.  We never lacked for a thing.The ambiance was great.  Despite being local, I'd never been to Montelucia and I had no idea how beautiful it was.  The grounds are gorgeous.  The atmosphere was wonderful.  Christin is a gem and I will definitely explore a little stay-cation with Montelucia in the future.  I hope all of your employees are as wonderful as she is.  I was a little sad that the manager was tending to the large party when we left.  I wanted to call his attention to Christin and how great she was.  Turns out that he was busy being a great manager.
