5	What a difference a year can make, new owners, new menu and much welcomed.  My 3rd time here and this was the best.  Always been a dark, dungy feeling kind of place, much brighter, very nice waitress and better menu.Ordered the Market Greens Salad with Charred trout ($12 salad, $5 extra for trout) and could be best salad I've ever had.  Sliced rainbow carrots  were extremely diff and delicious, almost made me want to ask for side plate of them. yummmm   After saying that, should add to bar snacks as healthy option, as you can see, I'm trying to eat healthy on the road.Very tempted to get tonights special, pulled pork taco's with side for some crazy price of $7 but wasnt on my health side but sounded delicious and price you cant beat.I would return and recommend you try again too.
4	Good food from an unassuming place.I had my meal here just before they closed up shop for renovations.  They'll be down a few weeks.My wife and I started with some marinated olives.  They weren't served warm, which was a surprise, but they tasted good, and were still nice and firm.  I don't like mushy olives.I had the fish and chips.  They use pickerel (hooray!), which is abundant in nearby lakes.  It was well battered, and had great flavor.  Far better than the usual frozen cod or halibut you'll get most places.  The fries are among the best I've had.  Highly recommend.My wife had the "Black Bean & Quinoa Patty Topped with Tomato Crushed Avocado, Spicy Mayo, and Fried Onions on a Grain Harvest Farmer Roll".  We are not vegetarian, but do often dine with our health in mind, and it's great to know we can get a solid, flavorful meal like this, sans meat.  Really excellent.  The patty was nicely seasoned, had some texture other than "soft", and was served on a nice roll.  She substituted the usual side salad for a dollar, and had the apple/blue cheese concoction.  Also very very good.  It will be interesting to see what becomes of the dreary interior when they're through with the reno's.  Hopefully it does enough to elevate the space to match the food.The service was good.  The server was friendly, but did not seem overly familiar with each option.We'll be back.
