5	Decided to try their newest location for an early take out breakfast. Had stopped in before to check menu and it was quite large! Picked a freshcroissant with egg and cheese @ 2.49 and it was AWESOME! Delicious, fresh, and compared to a fast food drive in, hands down, the best by far. Alsoabout twice the size of anything you can get  @ Wendys or J-in-Box!!Also got the ole man a fresh cinnamon roll and when taken out of ourcooler hours later, still tasted fresh and delicious. I've picked this as my NEW favorite place for a breakfast on the go andhope this place does very well!Stop and try!!(former location of Rubios @ S/W corner of 40th st & ThunderbirdPS ALSO OPEN FOR LUNCH AND DINNER! Opens @ 5am and closes @ 8pm
5	Seriously...the best donut I've ever had.  Once you eat these, grocery store or Dunkin Donuts do not compare.  I have been a fan from their first store on Cave Creek and the same sweet owners have opened up this new store where the old Rubio's used to be.  I was craving a burrito and noticed the Rainbow Donuts sign and drove right in.  Their donuts are fresh, not heavy, big and melt in your mouth.  They do have a nice big menu for lunch and dinner and are open until 8pm!!  Donuts anytime.I'm so proud of them and that neighborhood just got a kick in the pants.  What a great addition!
4	No more dinner hours! :(
4	Went by this morning to grab a few donuts.  The real star was the glazed cinnamon twist; pretty perfect if you ask me.  Also had a chocolate glazed cruller and an old fashioned donut (I think they might be sour cream).  GET THE CINNAMON TWIST!
4	Well let me start by saying these doughnuts are in a word......AWESOME. My favorite aspect of this establishment is that you can buy doughnuts on Monday and Tuesday from 12pm to 6pm for half price. I mean what makes it an incredible deal is that you can get a dozen doughnuts for less than 6 bucks and half a dozen for just under 4 bucks. Now here is the big finish.....despite the fact that they doughnuts sit there all day for sale they still taste just like they did at 5:00 am when they were first made. I mean the primary reason I don't buy doughnuts say after 10:00 am is because they just don't taste as good 2 hours previously. This bakery is the EXACT OPPOSITE......you won't be disappointed at all if you need an afternoon doughnut fix. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
