5	Great little club. The interior is very nice, and the bartenders were quick and friendly. Its nice to go somewhere other then the typical big clubs in Vegas. The staff was very helpful, when out tickets were showing up Dakota helped us out with no problems. I would recommend this to everyone especially if you like more hip hop/top 40.
4	I like this club, it reminds me of surrender inside but can also open up and be outside as well next to the pool.  Look for some Nightswims to happen hear in the future.  The music is Top40, hip hop so thats a plus.  Staff was very kind upon entering. Done this place twice so far.  Once I was really drunk and don't know how I made it into my hotel room but I remember there being a nice sexy crowd and friendly bartenders.
4	Fun Club, open format so you heard every type of music, had a great time, atmosphere was cool, not packed, which is a good thing in Las Vegas NC, I would no doubt go back
4	I'm really not sure how I feel about this venue.I think that the venue itself is very nice and can easily be defined as more "intimate" since it's much smaller. Staff is really nice, and girls are dancing around in cages Vegas-style.We had a table here, and one thing about this club to note is that there seems to be a lot of space if you have a table. At least, that seems to be the case for most the tables. The ones by the dance floor are a different story. Music wasn't really for me as it was mostly R&B and some scattered Top 40. If you are there to just chill and relax, not a bad venue for you. If you want to go party and dance hard with everyone, maybe LiFE is a better choice.
3	So, foxtail was very fun. It's Monday, industry night, and it's not that I didn't have a good time, because I did, but it's more that I had a great time because of the company I had not the venue. It's very nice in the club and reminds me of an old Tabu at the MGM if only it had opened up to a pool. It's an ultra lounge not so much a nightclub, but ran as a nightclub. Here's the issue: music is good but it like being stuck in between a major club and a bad locals bar on top 40's night w seacrest. The table service was great, our server was on it, cute and personable, but we were a little crunched in considering it wasn't that packed. They give tons of comp water and mixers which is nice, and the crowd was well dressed but not pretentious. All in all, I'd much rather land here with good friends than a major club without, but no food open when you leave at 1:30 except the cafe! Real let down SLS.
1	The club itself is fine, been here a couple of times. It's not big and fancy like the other mega clubs on the strip, but it's still a nice venue. However, this place is either not crowded (even on New Years) or so crowded that it's a mess. A promoter (friend's contact) promised we will get in on a Saturday, however after we got here and waited for 2 hours, he told us another promoter lied to him and we can't get in because the club is at capacity, but they can, however, let the girls in (I guess girls don't take up "capacity"). I've been to Marquee, XS, Hakkasan plenty of times and have never had this much trouble getting in. I don't know how that happened or how the promoters work at sbe but they should probably figure out a better system so they are not constantly lying to customers. Our friends who bought tickets in advance couldn't even get in until 12:30, but at least they got in. So if you really want to come here on a certain night, get a table or buy tickets, at least you will eventually get in. If you are counting on being the guestlist to get in, you should probably figure out a backup plan because there's a good chance you won't get in. Although given how empty the rest of SLS is on a Saturday night, I'm not sure how long this place will be around.
2	Meh is a great way to summarize Foxtail.Its like a much smaller, lamer version of Surrender but acts like its better. With how overpriced the drinks are and how snobby the promoters are you would think Foxtail would have a A-list DJ line up. But nope... the likes of Calvin Harris or Hardwell wouldn't be caught dead in this C-list "club".Walking into Foxtail, it seems like SLS didn't know what to do with the area next to the pool and decided to stick some lipstick on a pig and call it a dayclub. The pool area is below average and small. It shows its age and management has tried to cover up the faults with new cabanas and fresh paint; it doesn't really work. During the winter the pool is closed off and everyone is forced into what I can best describe as a little black box which serves as the nightclub.Unless you got a free table or your best friend's birthday has the misfortune of being hosted here, skip Foxtail and checkout Surrender, XS or any of the Strip's much better nightlife offerings.
