1	i have lived her for a week and have not had a good experence. we have had cockaroaches, the ice maker breaking, we are unable yo use our alram system, and the managment is not up to par. the appointments we set up through managment have all been late, i get nothing but attitude from maria (front desk).i really regret moving into this place.
5	I love it here. I moved in April 2014 and it's been a pleasure. Love the night security,  it's always neat; no trash laying around. Love the dog friendly community and diversity of the residents.. It's quiet and the pool is always clean.
3	The bonus to living at this address, at least when we did, unless it has changed, was the school zoning. Tomiyasu elementary was a really great school when my children went there. They implement their no bullying policy and teach the older children to assist and mentor the younger ones instead of picking on them.I think the last time I was in town I saw these apartments relabeled as LUXURY apartments? That wasn't what it was like when we lived there..perhaps they've upgraded their appliances and whatnot since then. We moved in in January or February of 2007 and lived there for 4 years. Maybe it was 3, it's hard to recall now. What I do recall is when we applied, even with a cosigner who was also living with us, so essentially another primary applicant, they considered us a credit risk and upped the deposit on us. When we moved out, we never heard a word about getting any part of our deposit back, and we did leave a forwarding address. We had maintenance issues on the regular. Mostly plumbing, the dishwasher and garbage disposal. We really enjoyed the company of our maintenance man though, who also lived in our building, behind us, but not directly behind us. I didn't have much problems with noise neighbors. We did have one neighbor whose children would boast music that shook our kid's walls, but we had made friends with them and once we explained the baby slept on that wall, they tried to keep their kids from doing that. They were a nice family.One time we had bought some cheap trash bags and when we took the trash out on a windy day, the bag tore. We tried to chase down all the trash, but some of it had gotten away from us and stuck near flowers with bees we're highly allergic to. A few days later, someone from management had left a note on our door with a prescription for me peeled off from the box that had rolled under that bush. So I was embarrassed that my prescription was posted in plain sight on my door for guests and neighbors to see along with the complaint to pick up my trash or be fined. I was mortified to be so publicly shamed for an accident. Surely I wasn't trying to advertise my medication to the complex by not getting it from a bee infested area. A private talk would have been more fair and given me the chance to explain I wasn't purposely trying to trash their grounds. We were never late on rent but we were often treated with disrespect anyway. The reason I decided to write this review was because I live in another state now and was reading reviews local apartments and wondered how many reviews this complex has. Since this is such an old complex, I thought it would be full of reviews. I was really surprised to see so few reviews. I thought it should have more for as long as they've been around. Usually that's a good sign, people must be content because reviews are usually done because someone is angry, or really excited, or they were offered an incentive for doing so.The management didn't raise the rent a lot between leases, and they usually offered a free carpet cleaning upon renewal. If you're new to Las Vegas metro in general, find a place with a low deposit, because no place in town has ever returned a dime of it in my lifetime. Occasionally I've been billed on top of large deposits, but in most cases, there were no breakdowns of charges and no return. We were either left without it entirely or billed on top of it. It seems to be pretty standard around the area to keep renters deposits or try to collect more on top of it. I guess I should be thankful i didn't get a bill from them. After all, we lived there many years and it wasn't looking any better than when we moved into it. Surely they were required to replace the carpet and paint anyways after all that time, especially since the carpet wasn't new when we moved in. It was pretty flat after our years there and had been through some floods from the dishwasher. Like I said, if you have children, the elementary and high school make this place worth it. For the elementary school, I don't think there's another apartment complex zoned for it, I think this is the only one. And the bus picks up there for no additional fees, even for kindergarten, which is half day. Some parents were unaware and were walking all the way to school. Oh, I take that back, the apartments behind RO go to the school too, but I'm unaware if they offer 3 bedrooms? Overall, the apartments were livable, parking was okay, even though the assignments were misaligned. If you have a bad spot see if they'll switch you to a closer one if one is available. They did this temporarily for me until someone else moved in because my mother became disabled, by the time the new place was rented, she had gotten her handicap sticker and there was another option for us. It worked out well.Management always came off as rude and unapproachable, but if you storm past that, and remind yourself that you're paying them for services due to you, you can get on the field too.
5	I absolutely love this place. I have lived here twice now at two different times, and have always enjoyed the experience. The front desk gals are very nice and helpful, and the maintenance crew is quick to get things done. It's slightly more expensive than living across the street in the Camden Commons, but the improved safety of the environment and general feel is VERY worth it.
1	Tenant since January 13. Resigned lease due to circumstance patiently waiting for it to expire and move. Although quality and conditions have not increased throughout this time the rent has by nearly 17% and will continue to increase until you ultimately decide to move. Not to mention the lack of parking and infestation of pigeons defecating all over porches, patios and vehicles. There is no negotiating with management,  you are not a customer nor member of the community. Merely a dollar sign that will be replaced if you can't conform to their outlandish asking prices. Maintenence is great but other than that I would not recommend.
2	We have lived here nearly 4 years. We chose this property because they kept the property nice and the apartments were spacious. There was also a community feel to the place. They celebrated holidays with the residence and had monthly newsletters to keep you informed of what was happening in our community. Any maintenance issues that we've had were resolved right away. We've made some great friends and have had family move onto the property because we loved it so much. We like that they don't increase your rent every time you renew your lease. They appreciate their long-term renters and take good care of them. They also offer incentives for referrals. The pool area is nice and they have multiple barbecue areas throughout the complex. They offer detached garages at an additional fee. They also have a gym (which is currently undergoing an expansion) and a tanning bed. A few things have changed since we first moved in. They now offer short-term leases, which means a lot of apartment turn over. The unit across from us has turned over 4-5 times in the past three years. They also allow all breeds and all sizes of dogs. There has been a huge increase in large dogs and pets in general. With more pets comes more pet waste. For the most part the residents clean up after their animal(s). But there are a few who do not follow the rules so be careful where you step. They no longer have community meetings or holiday gatherings and newsletters have stopped. They recently painted the exterior on the buildings and garages. They chose a very neutral (nice) color for the buildings and trim.They are also starting to upgrade the apartments on the inside. Since we have lived here for so long and the carpet was not new (but was clean) when we moved in, it needed to be replaced. When I contacted Management they agreed to replace the carpet in the bedrooms but said they would be upgrading the flooring in all other areas with a vinyl wood. I think this is a nice touch. Of course with upgrades the rent will increase slightly but its worth it if what you are getting will improve your home. Unfortunately we would have to move ALL of our belongings out for two days so the floors can be replaced and we just don't have the means to do that so we'll be stuck with the worn out carpets until we can afford to move. They upgraded a couple of the  barbecue areas, which look really nice. I am hoping they upgrade the one on the east side of the complex as well. The foam coating on the playground needs to be replaced. It has chunks missing from it and a lot of the kid's feet get caught in the holes, causing them to trip and fall. My child has fallen a few times, nearly missing the metal poles with her head.The office staff is for the most part has been helpful. Everyone has their bad days and I have caught a few. I have had the pleasure of meeting the property owner. He is a very reasonable man and is local so that is a plus. He takes pride in his property and is quick to resolve any issues. Unfortunately we have had an issue with the Office Manager. She didn't like my review here on Yelp and a post I made on Facebook, even though she agreed with what I posted there. Since that time  it seems any communication is met with an attitude. So be careful if you voice your grievances or post pictures on your reviews. By the way I we still have an issue with the muddy swamp which they have not fixed for the past couple years.One last note... since this is an apartment complex you can expect to have some noise and you will hear your upstairs/downstairs neighbors. Ours is up all hours of the night, stomping around. The like to vacuum very late and move furniture around in the middle of the night. They also allow their dog and children to run in the apartment which sounds like thunder. Our daughter hasn't slept in her room for the past couple years because of all the noise. The playground area will have children playing and is often loud from kids screaming and skating so choose your unit location with that in mind. The schools in the area are great! We are currently zoned for Tomiyasu Elementary (transportation offered), Thurman White  Middle School (transportation offered) and Del Sol High School (no transportation offered).We were happy here in the past but unfortunately some of the changes that have been made here have had a negative effect on our quality of life so we are looking at moving as soon as our lease is up.
1	Some things are better left unsaid.
