4	I popped into Sweet Frog after a late Sunday lunch and even though I was fairly full - I couldn't pass on frozen yogurt. They have a wonderful variety of flavors and toppings! They have everything from fresh fruit toppings to candy. My fave: hot caramel! They even give you combo-flavor suggestions, which is helpful to the indecisive (like me!). The decor is fun and modern and the service was nice. Yes, I know it's a self-service yogurt shop, but the person ringing us up was friendly and I think that's important. We'll be back!
4	OK, so I strayed away from my go -to yogurt place but you'll just have to get over it.  I was with my daughter on a rainy Sunday afternoon and it was freakin cold out....what better way to warm up than with a large cup of self serve froyo?Popped into Sweet Frogs and was greeted by a nice lady behind the counter.  We saw all of the flavors and chose a few.  I had the Thin Mint and Cookies and Cream.  My Daughter had the Toasted Marshmallow & Cheesecake.  They had a LOT of topping choices, much more than the other places which, options are important.  Everytime I go into these places I have to wonder what the heck is "boba" anyway?  It's like a nice, sweet refreshing burst of flavor wrapped up in a fun little package right?  Awesome on yogurt!The yogurt, you could tell was of good quality.  It was creamy and very flavorful.  As an added bonus there was a keyboard and amplifier setup and the nice lady behind the counter came over and started playing Christmas Music which my daughter loved.  What she didn't love was when I started screaming "FREEBIRD"....they were both way too young to get the joke :-)As we left my daughter was offered 2 Sweet Frogs stickers which made her day a bit brighter.  Thanks Sweet Frogs, we'll be back.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars... Got here @ 8:55 and the door was locked... The sign says they close at 9.... This has happened more than once... Good thing TCBY is across the street!!!
5	Amazing flavors of frozen yogurt with yummy toppings!!And bonus - they have an awesome kids room with kid seating, coloring and movies playing!!!  Great afternoon treat!!
