3	Ever since Dominos changed up their recipe/ingredients, their pizza has really been awesome. I enjoy the thin crust with spinach, tomatoes, and mushrooms.  Mmmm
2	This Dominos location is at an iffy strip mall, having businesses such as tattoo and massage parlors and a couple bars. Dominos is now right next door to an adult toy and lingerie shop. Picking up your pizza you can't help but notice the adult store's window with silhouettes of women in devil costumes. Seeing this gave me the creeps. What would a little child think?This Dominos needs to relocate to a more family-oriented shopping center.
1	One very nasty and rude manager named Singh.  WILL NOT LET A CUSTOMER COMPLAIN AND VENT.  All he has are excuses.  Hello I am a customer, let me vent then ask me what can he do to correct this.  Nope he has to interrupt you.  This man needs a course in customer service .
1	Unfortunately you cannot give negative stars.  Pizza was so late I would have had to order it 2 days ago for it to get here on time.  From the time I ordered till delivery was 1 hour and 45 minutes.  Got the pizzas free but there barely warm and soggy bottoms.  As far as I am concerned they should give us the next 4 orders free.  I would go elsewhere but we like Dominoes Pizza.  Our previous complaint was about the manager who insisted he could not give us the order free well we got the order free tonight so the Manager Singh is a liarmy previous complaintOne very nasty and rude manager named Singh.  WILL NOT LET A CUSTOMER COMPLAIN AND VENT.  All he has are excuses.  Hello I am a customer, let me vent then ask me what can he do to correct this.  Nope he has to interrupt you.  This man needs a course in customer service . t hate the service.
5	Love, it, never wrong always tasty, try the 6 cheese pizza, I love it, thanks dominoes pizza.
5	We love this place always order about 430 5 and it's quick and hot like it's supposed to be!!! Oh we ordered late once and it was the same. We are liking these guys better than papa johns as of late.
1	Worse service ever... Waited over an hour n half for pizza.. Manager argued and was unconcerned with my order. Only thing missing from being the worst services possible is spit in my food and not putting that past them.
