5	I saw the sign from the street the first day or two I was in town and vowed to try to get there while I was here.   My last day here, 7/24,  I made it in for lunch.  What a great place!  The girl said they just opened 2 weeks ago and yet the place had people coming in it the whole time I was there and several of them acted like they were already "regulars"!  Way to catch on!  There were three ladies who were obviously on their lunch break from work in front of me in the line and I was listening in on their conversation and finally asked them a couple of questions about items on the menu.  I got a half-order of Curried Goat.  Now where else you gonna find Curried Goat on a menu?!  It was delicious and amazingly tender!  Cost--$5.  I also got a meat pie that I didn't eat till that evening (kept it in a baggie in my cooler) and a cookie/pie kind of thing that I nibbled on later also.  I heard their chicken jerk is really good.  Man, why did I not get in here till my last day in Chandler! Finding this place almost made up for learning Tina's Ethiopian cafe had closed!  Now it is on my list of places to be sure to hit on the next trip so all you Yelpers get out there and patronize it and keep it in business till I get back!  You won't be sorry!
5	My fiance and I tried this place out yesterday (8/4/08) and it was great! As I am from Jamaica I know good Caribbean cuisine from bad and this was the closest thing to home cooking that I have ever found in Arizona. In addition to this it is in a great location. They had patties, Oxtail, Curry Goat, Curry Chicken, Stew Peas, Curry shrimp, Ackee and Saltfish and festival as well great Jamaican sodas (made with real cane sugar as opposed to the high fructose corn syrup found in most sodas). We are definitely going back!
5	Lunch to go today from Hot Pot. "Regular" size order of Jerk Chicken. Sides included rice and beans and cabbage with carrot shred.Wow! Jerk chicken has just the right spice and texture. Terrific beans and rice--definitely will be headed back for the rest of the menu.Give it a go and support your local small business owners.Also, MUST dine at Four Fourteen Mediterranean Bistro in south corner of Sam's Club parking lot, Pecos & Arizona Ave--delicious!
5	Do you like emapanadas, samosas, pastiles?Gots to try the beef pies here!Lunch today: jerk chicken, plantains and beef pies. Fantastic!
3	Just had take out after a friend offered to bring me lunch. Jerk Chicken was flavorful, spicy, but not too much (speaking for me, but I like it HOT!) Rice and peas was a little bland and plantains were great! But why so skimpy? Maybe I am a plantain fanatic though since I can eat a massive plateful and still want more. Anywhoo, I am happy to see this addition to the landscape and on this side of town, open later than most simialr establishments. They offer catering as well.
4	Stopped by for lunch and had the beef pockets... WOW had some GREAT flavor and just enough spice!
4	It doesn't look like much at first. It's often empty, the service is aloof, the decor is lacking, etc.   But none of that matters because the food is so absolutely delicious.  If I ever find myself on death row, I suspect that my last meal request would be a bag of beef pies from Hot Pot.Highly recommended.  Check it out!
4	Zipped over for lunch after seeing all the great Yelp reviews, and it was a definite experience.There is no decor. It's noncor. Nadacor. Zerocor. A few tables, sign on the wall, and a counter. The menu was scrawled on a white board behind the counter, and it is the only place I've been in a long time where curry goat is on the menu. So I'm not going take anyone here for the ambiance - so what? Their food was great. I had the jerk chicken, and it was falling off the bone. Tender, spicy, and incredibly tasty. It came with rice and a salad, and was plenty of food for lunch. I'll definitely come back, next time to try a beef pie.Maybe I'll get lucky and they'll have goat pie... :)
3	As is the case with many hidden gems in the Valley, Hot Pot is hidden in a strip mall... it's nothing special to look at (from the outside or the inside), but when you walk in and breathe in the aroma of authentic caribbean cuisine, you know you're in for a treat.I was actually feeling like a simple salad, something light for lunch after stopping by Gangplank last week.  Roger W and Jeff M talked me into joining them for lunch, and how could I be picky when they suggested we try Hot Pot because of their positive Yelp reviews and convenient location?  I couldn't!So, when we walked in and saw the kind lady behind the counter in this "zero decor" restaurant and the menu for the day with only a few items written on a board, I sucked it up and figured "what the hell," just give it a shot!  I'm happy I did!I went with the curry chicken while Roger had a couple of veggie pockets and Jeff, the jerk chicken... It was all tasty - especially once Jeff and I added some hot sauce to ours.  I was happy to get some cabbage on the side of the chicken (and some white rice too), but I was secretly hoping they would offer a salad as well.If you like authentic Caribbean cuisine, check out Hot Pot... don't go in with expectations for anything but the food, and expect an extremely limited menu.  If you do those things, you'll be in for a treat!
4	Talk about simplicity, this place is as simple as it gets. A/C at 82 maybe, tables and chairs, and a chalkboard with a few items scribbled on it. But with food like this what else do you need? Today I tried the Brown Chicken Stew served with rice and some sort of cabbage salad. I was skeptical when I opened my Styrofoam tray but that was put to rest with my first bite. Tender chicken, flavorful rice, and whatever that cabbage thing was.... excellent. Maybe next time a restaurant opens up next to my dealership, I won't wait 9 months to try it out. Especially when it's this good.
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy, Chicken Jerk in my tummy, Goat Curry is in it too.The Brown Stew Chicken was Really finger lickin'The Oxtail was tender all through.Chicken Patty turnover was A very good choice,Red Velvet Cake so delicious and moist,Sweet potato pie was fruity and sweet;Glad I got to Chander to revisit this treat!(Hot Pot 4/18/09 Sat.)
4	Friend recommended this place and I was intrigued. I had authentic Jamaican food when I was down there on a cruise and been meaning to try it again.Like other reviewers mentioned, it has a  non-descript decor and the menu is quite simple, with the dishes written down on a whiteboard. I admit I second guessed my choice in coming here based on that, but I'm always willing to try something at least once. Got the Oxtail based on my friends recommendation. The lady who ranged me up was cheerful and nice and I got my food relatively quickly.It sure smelled good and I opened up my food container with anticapation. A big helping of rice and beans, a cabbage salad, and the oxtail. The oxtail was covered with a generous portion of brown gravy/sauce. Knowing that this was oxtail, I expected a strong flavorful sauce. I was not disappointed. The sauce was excellent. You can really taste the flavor from the oxtail bones. The meat was quite tender and the mix of the meat, the rice and the sauce made a good mashup of flavors. Even the salad was quite good. It helped with the balance of the meal, offsetting the heaviness of the flavors of the oxtail and rice. Really tasty. I saved a portion for latter eating, but since I so satisfied with the meal, I wanted to sample some more items. I decided to order some meat pies. I saved those for later also, but when I ate my leftover oxtail and meat pies hrs later, they were still quite tasty.All in all, a very satisfying meal. I've since visited a couple of times more. Their jerk chicken is excellent also. I'm glad I don't have to take a cruise anytime I want some authentic Jamaican cuisine.
3	I live within 10 minutes walking time of this place and finally made it in there today with some friends after a brown bag @gangplank.I got the veggie pies as they were the only thing vegetarian,but they were delicious. its easy to miss this place but worth finding and trying.
4	Very laid back casual spot. Homey feeling, with only a few dishes per day. Jerk chicken is awesome... very spicy, but you can get the hot sauce on the side if you ask for it. I have also tried the beef stew which was great too. Generous portions for the price. Will keep coming back!
5	I may not know Caribbean food, but I know a good meal when I have it.  I am up to 4 great meals from Hot pot and I plan on having more.  I have had curry goat, curry chicken, oxtail and jerk chicken.  I loved them all.  I also really enjoy the lightly cooked cabbage on the side.  Very helpful and friendly staff.  They usually have a limited menu (to keep costs down) but usually have several meats to choose from.  I plan on trying everything on the menu.  This is just another diamond in the rough.  On top of the wonderful food, it is always good to support local.
3	The place:Non-descript strip mall location (why do all little ethnic places seem to occupy these out of the way locations?).  The inside is basically a few tables and a counter.  If I recall there was a TV on the wall?The food:I tried the fantastic goat curry and was very pleased with the flavor and quantity.  As the side I ordered the fried plantains which were also quite good.  The "spicy" rice was a little salty but good to soak up the curry sauce.The bottom line:I would highly recommend the place if you'd like a taste of the Caribbean.
5	Incredible!  Very friendly service and wonderful food.  My husband and I tried the brown stew chicken and the oxtail.  Both excellent!  Prices were very inexpensive for the quality and quantity of food.  A must try!
4	I lived less than a mile from this delicious gem for almost 2 years, how have I not eaten here?!The hubster and I wanted to try something new tonight so I suggested FINALLY trying Hot Pot for S&Gs. I'm very glad we did. It's a tiny little place, but extremely clean. The service was quick and friendly. I wasn't there more than 5 minutes! That's a huge plus in my book.On the recommendation of the owner, I got the oxtail and the Jerk Chicken. Both were cooked perfectly tender and falling off the bone. The oxtail was savory and the jerk chicken had just the right amount of kick to it. And the dirty rice and cabbage sides were delicious.Definitely will be going back! I'm so excited to find another great local restaurant so close to home!
4	After reading positive reviews- I decided to try out "Hot Pot" with my husband...VERY good  homemade caribbean food! The service was  fast , friendly, and great - and the food was filling and tasty. We had:- Curry Goat w/ white rice = very good and plenty of flavor!- Oxtails w/ rice and beans =  YUMMY and fall off the bone tender! - Spinach and cheese pastry = DELICIOUS!!! - Chocolate rum cake = WOW! super moist and full of flavor in every bite!!!** DEFINATELY worth trying!!! **
5	Yup, I got back here last trip and this one.  Last time I got the Oxtail meal--oh my, so good, and rich in flavor!  And tender!  Fall-off-the-bone-tender.  Melt-in-your-mouth-tender.  I'm drooling just remembering it.  In fact, much as I loved the Goat Curry, I got the Oxtail this trip, too, and it was as good as I remembered.  My daughter's dog will love me forever for bringing her the bones, also.  So, when are you going to open up a place in San Diego?
5	Contrary to other reviewers, this place is nice. It's a take-out place of course so don't expect superb ambiance with candle lighting but for what it is, it's perfect. We got the ox-tail (my favorite of the meats, very tender), the goat curry (very good too and interesting), and the jerk chicken (very spicy which was good, a little dry otherwise). I do have to say though that the sides won my heart... get the beans and rice (yummy and spicy) and the fried plantains (exquisite!). We got all of this, plus a vegetarian hot pot (also very good) and a bottle soda and it came out to just around $30 for the two of us. The leftovers from this, however, also served as the next day's lunch, so two meals in one. May not be for your less adventurous, Applebees eating friends just as a word of warning :)
4	I've eaten here a handful of times, and I find this to be one of the most consistent chicken dishes, with some awesome options of side dishes and specials in this particular section of the East Valley.  The owner/operator is always very warm and welcoming, and has great recommendations of what's the best dish of the day.  Follow her word every time if you have any doubts.The jerk chicken is fantastic, a great Weekend Lunch option or quick dinner to go.  I've had the goat curry and the ox-tail stew and wasn't disappointed in either.  And the chicken, meat and veggie pocket pies are pretty fantastic.Is it a pretty place?  No.  Is it tasty and will give you more food than you need every time?  Yes.  And most important to me, it's consistent ... The chicken is fall of the bone good, the sides are always present and not skimped on, and there are never enough people in there to ease my worries that the next time i'm wanting some jerk chicken, they might not be open anymore :(.
4	I really like this place despite a couple major flaws, I was there a week or so ago and I love the goat curry, the problem I had was the large amount of bone fragments in the curry. Had to go CSI on my lunch to make sure I didn't get anything stabbing me in the throat. I love the flavor of the food though, the spicy feeling is amazing
4	So far I have eaten there for lunch twice.  Had the oxtail the first time and goat curry and meat pie the second.  I was not disappointed in fact impressed.  Tender and full of flavor and just enjoyable.  I also recommend ordering their festival (I didn't see it on the menu). A Jamaican hush puppy is how I would describe it.There are very limited choices (about 4-5 items per day) so not a place for picky eaters but I sure have found a great lunch spot.
4	The restaurant is a little distance from where I am in Scottsdale but was worth the drive. Not a fancy place but comparable to most Jamaican restaurants elsewhere. This isn't Haute Cuisine afterall. Hands down the best Oxtail I have had in Arizona. Ordered it with rice and peas. You get a choice of plantains or vegetables with the meal.The flavor is as good as anything you get in Brooklyn or Miami but a lot more meat on the bones. I washed it down with some jamaican Ginger Beer. I was so impressed that I order the Curry Goat and Jerk Chicken to go plus 2 beef patties and 2 jerk chicken patties. I'll be back.
4	After waiting for forever to try this place out, my friends and I finally made the trek out to Chandler for dinner here. It's a small, brightly decorated place and the woman running the counter (who I presume is also the cook/owner) met us quickly. We took a look at the menu, which is split up by day, and decided on what to order. Things that made me happy:- Jamaican sodas (although there was no kola champagne)- Oxtail...YUM- Decent serving for the price- Great tasting food...no doubt that it's homemadeThings that made me sad:- They don't bake patties after 5pm so they were out when we arrived :(- Everything is served in Styrofoam to-go boxes...aren't we all going green?- No prices on the menu....kinda pricy. My entree and drink was $13 and some change- It's one lady running the joint so while she was nice, she didn't exactly go out of our way to check on us after we got our foodEither way, this was definitely the real stuff, and I can't wait to try some patties
4	Brown sauce chicken is falling-off-the-bone tender and savory.  Best rice and peas (looks like red beans to me) I've had outside of Louisiana.  Friendly, vivacious woman behind the counter.  Felt like I was eating some delicious home cooking, complete with being tended by a welcoming mom.Don't let the lack of customers at the tables fool you.  While we were there, eating in, a steady stream of other customers dropped by, picking up orders to go.  One man, who intended to take his home, just couldn't wait and promptly sat down and finished off his meal.This place is a real treat.
4	I recently went in and grabbed 2 beef patties and a kola champagne. heavenly.
4	Came here for some jerk chicken and it was delish.  Great flavor and not too spicy.  The rice and peas were okay, a little dry and they were like rice and red beans not black eyed peas that I'm used to.  The cabbage salad was good.  The beef patties were amazing and big for $2.00..Also tried the cupcakes yummy. I would def come back when I'm back in town.
4	The goat is good.  This place is a hidden Gem.
5	Outstanding!  Best jerk chicken I've ever had
5	This is how Caribbean food should be done.  Excellent jerk chicken, perfectly cooked plantains, very good patties.  I highly recommend this place if you are at all a fan of Caribbean food.
4	The best jerk chicken I've had since the 2003 West Indian Day Parade in Brooklyn.  They tone down the heat on a lot of their items so make sure and ask for the Scotch Bonnet to spice things up.
2	This was my first time experiencing Caribbean food.  I must say the jerk chicken was pretty awesome.  Unfortunately, due to other issues, I will not be returning.  First, there were several items that were not available.  This was disappointing for someone trying this cuisine for the first time.  There were no patties or festival appetizers, nor plantains.  We were told that due to the holiday (MLK Day) they hadn't bothered to make these things in case it wasn't busy.  Second, we had arrived at 6:00 and then waited 40 minutes for the chicken to be ready.  Lastly, the only beverages were bottled drinks in the cooler, no fountain.  My jerk chicken was over $9 without a beverage.
5	Being from NYC I grew up on great Caribbean food and I'm really happy I can get it here in Chandler where I live now. Highly recommended because they are very friendly and great prices. There is always room to park and you'll be chowing down on your spicy food within minutes. Check it out if you are nearby!
5	Love the spicy beef patties.  Reminds me of the Jamaican bakeries back home in ny. The food is amazing.  Fantastic curry and worth trying!
3	sorry fellow Yelpers.. I really wanted to love this place... so much that I am hoping to go back and trying it again so I can see if it was just an off thing.My experience was on a Friday.. near 530ish.. empty restaurant (it was just me and hubby) and one lady at the register.  She wasn't friendly by any means until I started asking her about the goat and what cut it was... then she was really sweet and talkative.He got jerk chicken and I got oxtail.  I've had plenty of oxtail before (in Spain, however) and this was different.  I had expected lots of engaging flavors since it was caribbean, but just found it plain.  I tried the jerk chicken and it, too, was plain considering it was 'jerk' flavored (spicy-sweet).  I did like the cabbage and had her load me up on that over the rice... which btw was white and not the caribbean rice & peas we've had before that is so flavorful.They were out of goat (understandable) and out of rice and beans (not understandable.. it's a staple).So, there it is... why I am listing it as a 3 star-experience (her friendliness pushed it to three, I might add)..I am willing to try it again and see where it goes from there, but for now it's a 3.
3	When I first moved out here from the East Coast, I thought I hit the jackpot when I found out about the Hot Pot.  But over time, I find this place to not be so hot anymore.  It's a hit or miss every time I go there.  Sometimes the food hits the spot and other times, I wish I didn't spend my money there.  First and foremost, it's an insult to my taste buds when I experience those off days. Out here restaurant owners can get away with serving sub par food because there is no real competition. But back east, this restaurant would have gone out of business. As for my hubby, who had never eaten Jamaican food, his mouth waters when I mention the place.  I think whenever he does taste the real deal, he's going to be disappointed with Hot Pot.  These days, I order from there only when hubby makes me.  And I always get one plate to go.And ditto on the not so friendly owner.
5	Amazing authentic caribbean food, my favorite jamaican beef patties , and the melt off the bone brown stew oxtail, w rice and peasThere is always interesting desserts like red velvet cakeA taste of home, right here in Arizona!
4	So, I had The Jerk Chicken, Rice and Peas With Plantains and a Beef Pattie. The Jerk Chicken had a good spice to it. I've Been here a few times before this places is pretty good I like the Jerk Chicken I also had The Curry Chicken and The Curry Goat was not a big fan of the Curry Dishes and I do like Curry. But the Patties and the Jerk Chicken I do recommend. The only thing In my mind about this place that is a downer is the prices 12+ and I didn't get full other then that it's a good place to check out. I will good back again
4	I had the Curry Goat and it was flavorful and tender! I will definitely be back.
1	I would skip - except for the seafood, the food is not made fresh to order, so who knows how long it's been sitting out there.  Rice and beans are pretty bland and tasteless.  Goat curry - watch out for the bones - not much flavor, just something to eat.  Jerk chicken is spicy and saucy.  Would rather try another restaurant before coming back to this one.For the price, portion sizes seem a little on the small side.
2	I've tried to eat too many times at this place and can't seem to "love" it. The atmosphere is clean, quiet and I would suggest at least put some Jamaican songs in the background to attract flies. The only thing to me that is so so is the beef patty, but nothing beats New York...I can taste the difference. It's definitely not Golden Krust. I've had their jerk chicken with rice, again to me it tasted funny. I really don't think they're from the Eastcoast. So instead of complaining about it, I stopped going there period. I'll get to taste the real deal when i'm in Florida.
5	I'm updating my review of Hot Pot as I've had the curry goat a few times and I have to conclude that it is in fact 'the truth'!  Her curry friggin goat is so incredibly delicious that I just had to re-write my review.  My husband had the shrimp which he ate and went back THE SAME DAY for yet ANOTHER order to go for tomorrow!  Crazy delicious.  And she makes her plaintain in that super sweet creamy crunchy way.  Just too delicious.Oh yeah, her coconut rum cake is also outrageously delicious.  Coconuty, rumy, creamy, moisty, deliciousy - all the 'eeeys'! If you want authentic and delicous Jamaican food, you have to go!Update:  4/21/14Then I had her Akees and salt fish, twice!  OMG!  It was a party in my mouth.  Just to scrumptious.  You've got to check it out.
5	When I first heard about the hot pot and how it was a local Jamaican restaurant I was very interested in trying their food. My dad told me about it so him and I went in. When you first walk in the atmosphere is very Caribbean, Jamaican music playing in the back ground and also having Jamaicans all in there makes it feel more Caribbean. When we went to order the lady working the behind the table was extremely friendly and welcoming anyone of any nationality that came in. I ordered the brow stew chicken with rice and banana plantings.The time it takes to get the food isn't very long at all, at most 10 minutes. when i opened the box the food was steaming hot (which I liked!). When I tried it for the first time the food was delicious. it didn't have a 'blah' flavor at all. The chicken was soft and moist and had good Jamaican seasonings all over it. Also, the rice was to die for it had beans and other spices in it and was very flavorful. Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone looking for an authentic Jamaican restaurant. The food is delicious and the lady who works their is so welcoming and nice to everyone. Also, the Establishment is clean inside and not cluttered at all. In the end, this was a good experience and I would come back to the Hot Pot again any day.
3	Ox tail is pretty good & the jerk chicken has a nice flavor but the prices are a little expensive for what you get.  This place ain't no fancy dinner option...it's more like a good place to stop for a quick lunch.  The portions are small for dinner but just right for lunch and the dinning room is comfortable and clean but pretty casual.Food came up fast & the proprietor was helpful and friendly.Worth a try if your looking for something new but repeat trips are not in my plans.
5	I love this place. Arizona is not know to usually have a lot of different types of cuisine. Usually it's a huge chain restaurant with mediocre food and service. Unfortunately mom n pop shops don't do so well. So when I find out that is absolutely delicious, I have to let people know and this is one of those places!I've tried most of the dishes here but my favorite is the jerk chicken. Whatever marinade they use is so delicious and every time I come back to AZ, I have to go to this place. The people there are also very friendly. Im always greeted with a warm welcome and like to have conversations with their regulars.
3	Ummmm...If you've lived in Jamaica, are from there  or related to someone who cooks real Jamaican cuisine, or have been to the Pork Pit in Montego Bay, or any other Jamaican restaurant off resort, east coast or Florida....you are going to be disappointed with this place. (With the exception of the patties...close)If you just want to try Jamaican food, this restaurant will give you an idea of what island food is like.As in Jamaica, the menu changes daily, and the prices aren't posted.  On our visit they were out of curry goat so I got curry chicken, plantain, and the beef patty.  It was all o.k. But nothing like "home".The cashier was very polite, and it is similar to roadside cafes, small restaurants in Jamaica in decor and atmosphere.  Kind of sparse, but clean(er).I've only seen two Jamaican restaurants since I've moved to AZ, this one and one in Tempe.  So kudos to them for surviving on consumer curiosity.
4	Love
5	This goat curry is the most delicious dish within miles.   It's, as most dishes are, a bit too salty for my tastes though.   Great music and friendly service.
2	First time I came here I ordered beef patties.  They didn't have any cooked so I bought them frozen. It was a bit of inconvenience but it was still good! Today I came once again no cooked beef patties and no frozen patties!! WTH!! Guess I'll find a new Caribbean restaurant.
5	I move from LA to the White suburbs of Gilbert, Arizona and BOOYA I find a Caribbean restaurant with curried goat and plantains! My fav since some college in Jamaica! The food is simple, reasonably priced, and spiced like the Caribbean Islands! Try it!
5	I definitely love jerk chicken - this is my third review of a restaurant serving jerk chicken. This restaurant is actually the closest to my house - just about a mile away, but I had never been there until I located it on the Yelp mobile app. The restaurant is located in a shopping center, right up front facing Arizona Avenue. Plenty of parking and good seating inside. They had reggae music playing and it was a comfortable environment while waiting. The woman behind the counter was very friendly and helpful. I ordered the jerk chicken to go. She said they also had homemade ginger beer, so I ordered one while waiting on the food. The drink was an immediate strong hit of ginger, but settled into a nice refreshing drink.I ate the chicken when I got home. I ordered it with a side of plantains and rice/peas. She was just baking the plantains when I ordered. Those were the first bite, and they were wonderful! the rice was good, then I went for the chicken. Wow! It was the spiciest I have ever had. Two bites in and my nose was running and I had hiccups. I loved it. It was a good portion and I ate  every bit of it.With this restaurant just down the street and my experience with my first order. I definitely will be back. It would be nice with the spacious seating and good music to sit back with a ginger beer, relax, and eat it there next time. I will definitely be back.
1	I thought we found a good place for great Jerk Chicken, well not this place. for about $10 dollars you get very dry, over cooked, over spicy no flavor chicken that was cut up so bad you had to really be careful eating because of small pieces of sharp chicken bones. then they had a side of veggies which consisted of bland shredded cabbage with shredded carrots, and most of the plate was filled with white rice clumped together with drops of more over spicy Jerk chicken sauce. I was really disappointed with the quality of the food and way to pricey. The customer service, she was nice, the cleanliness was excellent. Too bad about the food. Anyone know of a great Jerk Chicken please let me know.
2	This is a local place I been wanting to try for a while now. Phoned in an order of jerk chicken and curry goat since that's what most people have given good reviews. The service was nice and friendly. When arriving, the place was quaint, clean and nicely themed for the cuisine. The goat curry had really good flavor. However, it seemed like every other bite I chewed into a bone, and had to pick it out of my mouth. Not very pleasant. The jerk chicken was very dry and bland. The load of rice and side veggies were subpar fillers for a disappointing meal. I was really looking forward to finding a new local ethnic place. I am very surprised with the 4 and 5 star reviews.
4	I will tell you when I get that urge for oxtails, this place has the best east of the border lol.  The food has always been hot and the servings are good size, it will take you 2 settings to finish, but that is a good thing.  The wait is never too long and the staff is always polite, when we have went.
1	Location & Aesthetics - Located in Chandler on a road that seems to be the main drag with lots of other businesses, fast-food restaurants and other places to eat.    Parking is a bit limited as the restaurant shares parking spaces with other businesses  in the same mini-strip mall but when we went, there was plenty of parking available.  .  The restaurant is clean and well lit though a bit on the noisy side with the reggae music (-1).  Bathroom was clean. Menu - The menu is posted on the wall at the counter behind the cash register and is not confusing to read however one thing I didnt understand was how it showed each dish and the accompanying day that it will be served, e.g. oxtail on Wednesday's (don't quote me on that as that's just an example) so I had to ask the lady if I could still get the curry goat on Saturday which she said yes to.Service - The staff (one lady behind the counter) was very friendly and answered any questions we had.One thing we didn't like was a couple things - out in the dining area was no access to napkins or plastic forks, knives, spoons, etc.  If you're dining in, you are provided with a couple napkins and a plastic fork but I would like the freedom of choosing what plastic utensils I'd like to eat with and also I'd like the freedom to choose extra napkins if I so desire. (-1)The second thing is, one could not bring in your own beverages to be consumed from the outside.  We brought in our own water bottles and couldn't consume it because of the sign stating this policy.  Some people do prefer to consume water rather than the beverages offered on the premises and from my recollection, I don't recall water being offered for sale. (-1)Food - I ordered the number the curry goat with rice and beans and plantains.  When you place an order, you are offered the option of white rice or rice and beans; and vegetables or plantains.  I was a little disappointed when I saw that my plate only had 3 plantains as I was expecting a bit more.The rice and beans was very bland and dry with no moisture and lacked any kind of seasoning or salt.  I would've put some extra salt on it but the dining tables lacked salt shakers.The curry goat lacked any kind of meat and was very small in size though it was hot and spicy as it should be. (-1)I was really hoping that this place would've been my go-to place for Caribbean food whenever the hankering hit but unfortunately I cannot recommend this place.  I have eaten at many other Caribbean establishments and sadly this place just isn't up to par with them.
5	I'm currently 8 months pregnant and eat at this place at least once a week.  My boyfriend usually picks up the food for us.  My favorite by far is the oxtail with rice and peas plantains and vegetables.  The owner is very friendly but the new girl they hired by far is the sweetest and nicest staff there.  Place is very clean.  Only disappointing thing is that the beef patties which are awesome are gone by around 5 pm.  Love this place and highly recommend it!..
4	This place is very clean but has the standard tacky profusion of colors dominated by green and gold along with too-loud reggae music that is typical of many a Caribbean restaurant. This is a personal peeve of mine; I would really LOVE to see more Caribbean places 'classed-up' a bit. If nothing else please don't play the music so loudly. Minus 1 star. On to the flavor! I've had various items from the menu: patties (yum! If you're lucky to get one), curried goat, jerk chicken, escovitch fish (heavenly and well worth the wait!), plantains, veges- all good. Several reviewers complained about the bones in the goat curry- you guys are hilarious! If you went to any Caribbean home this is exactly what you would get. In fact, you're hard pressed to find bone free meat in any Caribbean restaurant in the Caribbean unless they are catering primarily to tourists. Chomping on a bone is just part of the experience. I would concede that perhaps given the amount of bones in the curry goat that it should be less expensive.  Just a thought- it's 'no never mind' to me since I rarely order this. Takeaway: If you want authentic Caribbean flavor this is the spot. If you want the Americanized version of Caribbean food you'll be disappointed.
4	Stopped in with my wife and kids on a whim when we were in the area.  I thought the food was very good.  We got two orders each of curry chicken and jerk chicken.  Both were tasty and well seasoned.  The jerk was perfect for me, but way too spicy for kids or those who don't love the heat.  The curry was good, but not as tasty as curry from most Indian or Thai restaurants.  They don't have a kids menu and I'd say the next time we come we'll leave the kids at home.  It is worth another trip.  First Friday night of every month is a fish fry--I plan to check it out.
3	I thought the decor was cute and they played great music, place was clean and staff was friendly. I ordered the jerk chicken, pretty good and has a bite (spicy) came with white rice and vegetables.
4	My husband and I lived in the Caribbean for two years so we did an immediate U-turn when we drove past this place. I ordered the stew chicken with rice and peas and fried plantains, my husband got the curry goat (with the same sides as me). We knew it would be good when his goat came out with big pieces of bone showing, and we weren't disappointed. Absolutely delicious. Very friendly staff, too. I dropped one star because the prices aren't posted inside and I was shocked when she rang us up - two entrees, 2 (non-alcoholic) drinks, and a slice of coconut rum cake set us back nearly $40 (for a counter service restaurant!). Granted, the portions were enormous and fed us two hearty meals, but looking now at their menu online there are apparently "mini" portions available; had those been posted in the store, we would definitely have gotten those instead. Also, they were fresh out of Ting and Old Jamaican ginger beer :(TL;DR - Surprisingly expensive for such a casual place, but great service and delicious, authentic food (chew carefully :) Will be back (and will order mini portions next time).
5	I love this place! It is so far the best I have tried in Phoenix.The jerk chicken is perfectly spicy, brown rice and beans are good even better with the hot sauce, the plantains are decent I'm just not a big fan of them.The restaurant is clean, fun bright colors and cariibean music playing in the background. I've been coming here for years and plan on for the years to come. And the price is a bit on the pricey side.
