4	I am lucky. I have a handy hubby. My hubby is so handy, he does all of our pool maintenance himself.  Recently he needed to do some work to our pool pump...He had done research online and gone into another store that sells pool parts for assistance. Based on that, he was prepared to buy multiple parts, but decided to check the prices at Nationwide Pool Supply first... And we are so glad he did!!The people at NPS are super helpful and most importantly they will do what they can to save you some money! I was so impressed when the salesman inquired as to what our pool problem was, and then proceeded to tell us we did not need everything we were about to buy. We ended up spending just a fraction of what we expected to pay, and the pump now runs great. I am definitely a fan of Nationwide Pool Supply.
5	We have been shopping at NPS since we bought our house a couple years ago. They have been extremely helpful in providing insight into why our pool does the things it does, they point is in the direction of products that we could use, and are actually helpful. The also will recommend different packaging of products if it will save you money in the long run.Our last visit was a bit of a restocking stop, we had a lot of bulk items to pick up, as well as some smaller pieces. I had been eying a new, professional grade fiberglass pole, as my aluminum one was on the verge of breaking. After seeing how expensive our stop was going to be, I told the cashier I was going to skip the pole for the day, as it was a bit pricey. He ran into the back (literally) and checked their cost, came back and offered it to us at a VERY deep discount. Was too good to pass up, so we ended up with more than we went in for!
5	I have been shopping at Nationwide pool supply for several years.They have great prices and employees that know what they are talking about.They have locations all over town, and I can get in and out in just a few minutes.I plan to keep shopping there.
1	I have shopped at NPS for several years and had been happy until today.  I purchased a pool pump and paid for the pump and installation in advance $633.  The installation required 2 additional parts which I was told was included in the price.  I discussed this with the sales rep, Kyle and the store manager, Phil.  Both agreed that everything was included in the price.  Phil even helped Kyle write up the sale.  I reconfirmed everything in person at the store and by phone the day before the install was to take place.   I took the day off of work to meet the installer.  The installer told me that he did not have the parts required and could not do the install, also they would be an additional charge for these items.  When I called Phil, the manager, he said that we never agreed to the price.  So, not only could I not get the pump installed because they did not have the parts required, Phil wanted to charge me more to get it done.  He wanted me to reschedule and pay more.This is called "Bait and Switch".  This kind of bad behavior comes from the top down.  They could have cared less if I was happy or not.  I never even received an apology.  I canceled my purchase and will no longer shop at NPS.
1	Poor service from the big rude guy..the tall and skinny guy was really nice though..
1	Went there earlier today with my dad. He had purchased a skimmer net there 3 months ago and spent over $40. It was already falling apart. The place was busy, we waited in line for 10 minutes. we were told he waited too long to return it. then he quickly went over to another coworker and came back to offer $5 off of the purchase of a new one. We picked it up to leave and my dad told him we would never be back and that he had done a lot of business there. The cashier just dismissed us. I thought it was terrible customer service. We went right next door to Leslie's, where the gentleman was helpful, discounted some shock treatment and carried the items to my car. We will be giving our business to Leslie's from now on!
5	Great and excellent customer service ! Had a man by the name Thomas help me out , he was very on point with knowing product and how they worked . He also helped carry things out to my car without even asking ! Knew exactly where to find everything and exactly how much I needed for my pool !Definitely will be coming back !
