4	Just opened. Went to Pho T with a group of 5 people. Each of us ordered something different. Everyone really enjoyed the food. Generous servings.  We will definitely go back often.
4	Was excited that a Vietnamese restaurant opened on the east side so I had to give this place a try! I will warn you this review is very picky because pho is my all time favorite food and so I have high expectations.Service: The staff greeted me quickly and were very attentive overall. A family came in five minutes after me, ordered after me and received both their spring rolls and entrees before mine. They appeared to know the staff, but still seemed off especially because I was dining by myself. Atmosphere: very clean, open and inviting. Choice of seats at a bar, tables or booths. I was a little hesitant about the food because the menu was kind of a mess. A lot of items were crossed off in black marker which seemed odd since it just opened and the pictures in the menu did not look appealing at all, especially the picture of the spring rolls. I was also disappointed that all of the pho options were beef only. No chicken, seafood or meatless options to be seen. There was a large range of noodle options though which was nice. Also surprised that they did not serve boba (crossed off) and Thai tea was nowhere on the menu.Food: I ordered the spring rolls and flank and brisket pho. The spring rolls were really good, very fresh! I wish they were served with mint leaves but as they were they were still quite good. The pho itself was pretty good, I'd give it a 7.5/10. Great flavor. My biggest complaint was that there were way too many onions, there actually were more onions than beef. Not the best in Vegas, but far from the worst.
4	Super friendly staff. Very happy to explain dishes and sauces to those that aren't familiar with Vietnamese food...or if you were too intimated to at other places. I had the lemongrass spicy beef cold noodles. Very yummy.My partner had the oxtail pho, and she said the oxtail was very meaty and tastes like beef (and not fat).We also shared a stir fried rice noodle with beef, and we couldn't stop shoveling it in our mouths fast enough. The fried springrolls  were OK (only gave us a couple lettuce leaves and mint, but were very happy to bring us cilantro & basil when we asked). The Vietnamese iced coffee was nice and strong, just like it's supposed to be.  We will definitely be back, especially since it is so close to home.
1	I don't know how this place got high reviews. Awful service, food was bad. We ordered Pho and Hu Tieu and the broth was plain full of MSG. They forgot to bring out chopsticks and we had to call them ourselves. They did not give us napkins even though we asked many times. The girl whom I thought was the manager was screaming in the kitchen and gave us bad attitudes. Will never ever ever come back again. Even Taco Bell's and McDonald's would be much better. Money wasted!
5	Sweet! Im all sorts of excited about having a pho place on the eastside.. food is amazing, love their spring rolls and pho. Delish! I will be coming here quite often! Place is extremely clean and staff is extremely friendly. Service is fast too!
1	I want to be nice and give this place two stars, but it was just terrible. This is a brand new vietnamese restaurant. For starters, you walk into this restaurant and everything seems to look okay, but then you sit down and there's overwhelming smell coming from the table, my guess is this place cleans their tables with dirty rags. The waiter then comes over with the menu and asks if we would like anything to drink, they don't have that many options for drinks......we then look at the menu and omg half if it is crossed out with a sharpie. This brand new restaurant already doesn't serve half the stuff on their menu. We decided to order egg rolls, pho, and a rice dish. We sat there as our food comes out and they never brought us serving plates, napkins, utensils or anything, how do they expect us to eat? The eggs rolls were confusing huge when they came out and on the first bite, it was like chinese style, with lots of veggies and no meat. When I go to a vietnamese restaurant, I would at least like to eat vietnamese egg rolls. Then the pho comes out (they charged $3 for 2 tiny pieces of ox tail) and visually, I thought the food was getting better, but then we had our first taste and the booth was awful, it tasted like water.....after drowning my bowl in hoisin sauce, it still had no taste. My rice dish with pork chops and egg custard didn't look too bad, but the most important part of a rice dish is the rice and it was the worst rice I have ever tasted. The pork chop were not too bad, but how am I supposed to enjoy it when the rice tasted awful. Now the egg custard, was not even made the right way. The top is supposed to have an orange color to it, and it was colorless here. Egg custard is supposed to have wonderful flavors to it, but here, it was completely bland. The workers also made the experience worst. They didn't seem to meet customers' needs. There was also one specific worker sitting at the able next to us coughing vigorously while we were eating and it sure made me lose my appetite. This place was just awful, and the only excuse they have right now, is that they are new. They have some serious changes that need to be made if they want to be successful. Workers need to put customers first and know what their needs are, the food variety needs to stop getting smaller because crossing out items does not help their business, the food quality and taste most definitely needs to improve and I'd start by learning how authentic vietnamese food should be prepared, and overall, this place needs to be improved. You guys are a new business and this is your perfect chance to improve it while it's still new. I'll be back in a few months and I hope I'll have better things to say.
1	So I was happy a pho spot open up on the east side. . So before I take my wife there I tried it by myself and ordered the pho house special. So it comes out and theres ox tail in the pho , i thought whoa that's coo but as i dug deeper with my spoon because i had to wait for chopsticks that the black server forgot to give me . I counted 4 beef flanks, 1 tripe , 1 tendon and 2 ox tail bones and thought wow how cheap is that bowl of pho, they must be Chinese ...The broth tasted like water and sugar and noodles were so bland and not even cooked ....so as I'm struggling to eat this unknown bowl of pho, I'm about 2 minutes into it. The black server drops the check in front of me . Didn't even ask if I was happy with the food or not. I see the bill is freaking 13 dollars for one bowl of pho. I totally flip like wtf it's not worth no fukin 13 dollars for this crap. I go to complain like no its not 13 it's 8.50.. The server shows me on the menu another house special pho that says with oxtail . Wow now I totally feel gouged by him, I told him to get the owners or mangers  and they all hid from me ..I also told the server to send back that bowl of pho and get me the pho I ordered ... He looked at me and told me I had to pay for that bowl of pho first. Never in my life has a place ever made me pay for Un satisfaction in which I didn't even eat the pho . As I'm writing this review I'm thinking I should have just walked out  but I did pay for the pho fukin 13 dollars for that crap and they knew I didn't even eat it. They let me walk out pissed and angry and hungary shows who these people really are.  There not here to give good quality food but here to take your money. Please do not go here, I will be calling the health department on them every month because I'm out to put these people under. Really people , pho T do yourself a favor and close your doors now you'll save more money that way u fukin amateurs. All over one bowl of pho wtf.. Also shame on all of you that gave this place a good rating.
5	Wife and I ate here twice in one week. The second time we brought our kids. We Love having a Pho restaurant on the east side. The food was great and the staff was wonderful and delightful. I appreciate that they keep the drinks full and attentive to the customers. In the front of the Super Walmart shopping plaza, just next to the Chase bank. We are pleased to have a closer to home Pho house. Get Pho'd Up! Tell them MO sent you!
1	Egg rolls delish, pho not so much. Pho was sweet with a flowery flavor. Ordered the egg rolls first, then pho and buhn. Egg rolls came out last. Would not go back except for egg rolls and the service. Very attentive service and really nice.
3	First thing, I'm so happy there's finally a pho  restaurant on the east side :) first time there, heres what we noticed.Cons:- Strong smell of trash in restaurant, almost unbearable- Our server brought our waters with his hands on top of the glasses. My husband and I are both servers. BIG NO NO. just gross. Also, when we asked for soup spoons, his hands were all over that and placed it on our plates of veggies with his hands touching my ready to eat food. Ugh!- 5 minutes after ordering, was told that they were out of the oxtail pho so I just ordered the pho tai.  Pretty bumming since I was really excited about the oxtail, one of my favorites but never had it in pho. Oh well.- Drinks went empty quick. Didn't get refills until we asked when our check was brought over. - We were charged for the oxtail pho. It was fixed but the checks are just handwritten so it just has the total. No tax detail or anything.- Staff was loud and unprofessional. One of them had their friend or boyfriend coming in and out. They were all just hanging out and chit chatting...you got time to lean, then you got time to clean! They also started talking about patrons as they left. I wonder what they're saying about us.Pros:- Pho was really good. Could have used more onions and meat, but still good, finished the whole thing:)There is a lot of cons but they just opened, I'm sure, or atleast I hope, they are still getting it together. We will be going back since it saves us a drive and we just love pho.
2	Weak broth in the pho; it was like water. Decent bun, but small portions.Servers confused and inefficientBill unceremoniously tossed on our table halfway through the meal, ensuring we ordered nothing else.Waiter pressed the pitcher up against the glasses while refilling the waters, ensuring that everyone in the place shared each other's germs.Guess I'm going back to my old places.
5	I'm very happy there is a pho place on this side of town,  and this place is great!  The only down side is they only have 1 size pho. It's a family owned family operated restaurant and the food is great. I'll be going back often
3	I had to rate 3.  I love the service they provided, I say it was much better customer service than most Asian restaurant. People were nice.  However, the soup was so weak flavor..  It could be I was too long to wait to have Vietnamese's restaurant in east side...If they serve Vietnamese sandwiches it will be plus.
4	Fast and friendly service.  I'm glad to have a pho restaurant on my side of town.  I just wish they had other options besides beef and pork pho because I don't eat either.  They made a special chicken pho for me which was very flavorful and I appreciate that they made it even though it wasn't on the menu.  I'm sure I'll go back soon.
2	This pho restaurant is ok.
2	So far 3 visits, one take-out experience. Pho Ga (Chicken) not on menu, but accommodated when requested. Portions small, and food $1-2 more expansive than most. Good spring roll, not worth stir-fry flat noodle, pho so-so. Service need a lot of training, like remembering to provide utensils at table or in takeouts. The place has no competition 4 mi. radius. It may either succeed or go out of business is next two years or less if they don't improve their business method. Good luck.
4	Love the Pho and beef soup. Large serving great staff. Will go again and again. Egg rolls very good.
5	Finally. Pho out east. I actually always order Bun Thit Nuong everytime I get Vietnamese and not really pho that often so I can speak for that dish here. It was amazing and actually tasted the way I've had it at Vietnamese family gatherings instead of how it typically taste at a restaurant. I haven't tasted it this way in a very long time, was pleasantly surprised. I wanted to try the smoothies but they were still working on their formula for them at the time so sadly I cannot speak on behalf of those....Service? Was awesome. Sat down at the bar while I waited for my food and the lady pretty much just talked to me like she knew me. Was very comfortable environment, very friendly. Also, got a free water. Don't know if that was the perks of sitting at the bar or just a nice thing for them to offer while I waited but it seemed like a bit of both if I'm being honest. I will devour more Bun Thit Nuong from this place like a vicious beast in the future. With a smoothie on the side because.... MORE FUEL FOR THE BEAST! and I really want a smoothie.
5	Super sweet people, excellent service. Clean and nicely decorated. Authentic, not Americanized, which is what I think most of these poor reviews are whining about - they don't seem to understand that this isn't McDonald's and different regions will have different family recipes that - let's see if I can make this clear - will taste different than Panda or the mall Pho places that cater to people who don't know any better.If the broth tastes weak, it's because it does not have MSG. Just add some salt,  people. Rooster sauce it up. It's actually quite yummy.My oxtail was full of meat - 3 bones with lots of juicy meat on them, steak pieces, and other goodies. Me and my dog both enjoyed the harvest.They have gotten their sea legs, the menu looks fabulous, no more blackouts. This has become one of our regular Pho stops.
4	OK, where do I start. We tried this restaurant soon after it opened and liked the food, but was not really impressed with the service. We decided to try it again and tried different items. Like others have said, a good portion of the menu was "blacked" out with a sharpie. The amount of time for the food to come out was not acceptable and there was only 2 of us. Her food came out and a little bit later mine came out. Had to ask for utensils and water. The waiters hands were all over out dishes. NOT GOOD! All in all we have gone there 4 or 5 times. Same thing every time, but we decided to give them a chance because we like their food and also believe in the small family business thing. Well, I went back there this weekend and it was a totally different place. We were greeted quickly, sat down, were given newly revised menus, had utensils and drinks, ordered and within an acceptable amount of time we both had our food in front of us. While I was there I had a conversation with the owner and we discussed all of the issues that she has had and she told us that most have been corrected. We were observing the whole time that we were there and I have to agree with her that changes have been made. In the past, we watched people get pissed off because of the lack of service and organization. I did not see a single person complain this time. (and there were lots of people there) I am convinced that this is  a good place and hope that anyone that has had bad experiences will go back and give them another chance. Like all businesses, getting started in the restaurant biz is not easy, but I think they have opened their eyes and want to make you their permanent customers. They're really trying!! Go warm your bellies with their delicious Pho during these cold evenings and experiment with all of the other "homelike" cooking. ENJOY!
5	The broth on the pho was a bit weak, but the service was wonderful! I will be back, I love pho and I will go back and check it out. I am looking forward to trying the oxtail pho on my next visit. I am super excited they are on this side of town. Resturant is very clean and nicely decorated, plenty of yummy things on the menu.. Humm, now I want pho!
2	I was so disappointed when I had my favorite "salads rolls" and the sauce came out tasting like snot! Very friendly though.
5	It's an EXCELLENT PHO!!! I had never enjoyed a "good soup like this" since I've been tried so many Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas for Pho, BUT this is the ONLY place for me from now!  The restaurant very clean, cute decorations, and good customer service.  It's a little too far for me, but it's worth it of the drive.
2	Seems like a family run business which is like most pho restaurants. The young boy who seated and served us had no character. Almost robot like. His older sister who came in later actually seemed like she knew what she was doing. But all of my reviews on Asian restaurants are never based on customer service. So, as far as the food goes, there were barely any pieces of steak and tendon and my broth tasted almost black licorice like. Price wise it was average about $8 for a small bowl. The Vietnamese iced coffee was good but can't really mess up on that too much. I was hoping for a home run with this place since its so close to my house but I was sorely disappointed. Guess I gotta keep trekking across town to find the perfect pho.
