4	Olive garden is one of my favorite Italian restaurants. I love the Chicken Fettucine Alfredo and the garic bread they serve. Wide variety of wines and the staff is attentive and courteous.
1	if you decide you're in the mood for Italian food and olive garden is on your list, you should be shot on site.i didn't even like this place when i was 10, which seems odd, because their commercials seem to target that age group...and not in a "this place is kid friendly" way, but in a "you are so uninspired and so afraid of taking your palette out of your comfort zone, you might as well be a 10 year old" kind of way.bread sticks are so oversalted they might as well be serving a salt lick, and from what i remember the salad was always limp and slightly brown.i think i just really, really loathe chain restaurants, especially gimmicky ones that shamelessly try to capitalize on notions of making eating an experience...which isn't wrong in and of itself, but this place is so off the mark from that idea it's a virtual sin
2	The Olive Garden is bad. Not to jump on the hate train here without just cause, but I went in here a few months ago after being enticed by an almost too good to be true special. It had to do with all you can eat and pasta and I think it was like seven dollars. The moral of the story: You get what you pay for. The pasta was so bland that I can't even think of an adjective to describe how bland it was. (Did I just blow your mind?)Service was friendly and as good as it could be but half-hearted, sorta like they knew the food was bad. Hmm. Go figure.
3	No doubt about it! Olive Garden is the McDonald's of Italian Cuisine. My Sister, her daughters and one beau, and myself had a wait of over an half hour before our Dinner... and as we left, there were MORE people waiting two hours later... and EVERY table in this Olive Garden was filled with a mass of people!I really can't give a negative review to Olive Garden with so many people that are fans. Who am I to say that they're totally lacking in good taste? And while being a fan of Italian Cuisine... the Pasta that Olive Garden serves is not half-bad! If only a quarter of the people that had Dinner tonight ever got wind of Yelp, Olive Garden would be the most reviewed restaurant site on Yelp!On the menu tonight...Dinner Salad (^^) Their standard-fare Dinner Salad with Iceberg Lettuce. Not one positive thing I can say about this...Bread Sticks (*****) One of the few positive things about Olive Garden. Soft and Plump, with a Buttery Coating. You don't really have to Butter this Bread! Always liked their Bread Sticks.Service (^^) Our waitress seemed very robotic and lifeless. I can see why! If a typical wait-person has responsibility for ten tables at Olive Garden... he/she will be harried all night! The tactic at Olive Garden is to not monitor your drinks that much... that would require too much independent thinking... Just hand over to the customer another glass of Water or Soda or whatever they ordered to drink... no questions asked! Half the table had second drinks that were not touched at all! What a waste!Never-Ending Pasta Bowl (*** 1/2 $9.95) First plate was Linguine with Aioli Garlic Alfredo Sauce.... Not that bad! Pasta cooked just right. Alfredo Sauce a little dry... but passable.Raspberry Lemonade (****) Pretty refreshing, I would say!Second Serving - Spaghetti with Meat Sauce (** 1/2)  Very plain and lifeless Meat Sauce. Passable... that's about all I can say that's positive. When did Olive Garden decide to place the Pasta and Sauce in a small bowl on the second serving?Only Olive Garden and some Casinos in Las Vegas can serve so many people in one evening! It is literally amazing the amount of traffic they can handle! I feel for their support staff, though. There is a definite lack of enthusiasm in such an environment.... Just an endless line of people wanting to be fed!
1	The worst. Its fast food you order sitting down. Why anybody would consider this a place to sit down in and dine at is beyond me. Its reheated packaged food.
4	Yes, I'm reviewing another chain restaurant. I've decided that there are a select few that warrant patronizing, especially for lunch. My last four lunches at Olive Garden (I had to exhaust a $100 gift card) have been a solid 3.5-4.5 stars. Hey, you have to give them credit for actually making iceberg lettuce taste good!! So, I met a girlfriend here for lunch today and we had a great meal and were not made to feel guilty for a hogging a booth for a full two hours. As always, the salad arrived fresh, salad bowls nicely chilled and bread sticks warm and buttery :) I proceeded to eat three full bowls of salad...I swear their croutons actually tasted homemade today, I must have been imaging it, but they were a nice touch. She had the Eggplant Parmigiana and was able to substitute fresh asparagus, broccoli and chopped tomatoes for the pasta. It looked delicious. I had the Capellini Pomodoro which, according to our fabulous waiter, was "one of the healthiest things on the menu" (I'm planning to splurge at Filiberto's tomorrow!). It seriously tastes very fresh and healthy (love fresh basil) and I couldn't finish it all.   I have to give honerable mention to the Chicken Alfredo Pizza which was ordered by my dining companion on a previous visit.  Although it probably contains more than 2,000 calories, it is AMAZING....if they don't give you enough buttery, creamy alfredo sauce on the pizza itself, they include a side order for dipping...YUMM!!!Overall, great service, nice atmosphere and VERY good food. I'm just sorry that they're related to Red Lobster, what a shame. I will be back for sure....maybe soup and salad next time?
3	I have to go here every now and again. Why, you ask? Isn't this a free country? Surely a modern man, one who lives in the wild west no less, can decide where he wants to sup. I have a 14-year-old daughter, that's why. I have to give in on the little things so I don't have to give in on the big things, like faux-stache-wearing guys named Larry pulling into my driveway in Camaros.Olive Garden is Olive Garden. I've no primary evidence of this, but I understand they have no actual chefs on the premesis and everything is just portioned, frozen boil bags. I don't really need to review the food because it's underwhelming, overpriced, and featuring enough butter to kill an elephant, and everyone knows it. Ever wonder why your body groans in protest for six hours after eating here? Yah.I give the food 2 stars but the service 4. The only real difference among Olive Gardens is the service. Our dude was cool, and he didn't even try pushing the wine on us. Now that I think of it, he didn't do any upselling at all and that's fine by me. What was cool is that my 8-year-old daughter was clearly freeloading, eating several big plates of the table salad and a couple breadsticks. She wasn't hungry enough to order anything, and of course she ended up munching. The waiter didn't say anything and didn't charge us any plating fees or what have you.So, they lost a few bucks that a kid's menu item would have cost, and gained a customer that will come back again when he has to give in to his teenager. Larry will not be accompanying us.
5	i love olive garden! but we don't have any in hawaii! :( i love the endless breadsticks and yummy salad! i just love this place! i come here everytime i'm in arizona!
4	Got together with Lynn W. & Mike C. today to take advantage of the "Endless Pasta Bowl" special, which features your choice of 42 different pasta & sauce combinations (!) plus all the pre-tossed Italian Salad you want, & bread sticks with a thin topping of Garlic Butter.If you have room for seconds, you can choose a different pasta &/or sauce!I liked the layout of the restaurant itself a little less than the one over on 75th Ave. in Phoenix, but the food was all delicious, & an excellent value at $8.95 for all you can eat!    :-))
4	Had lunch here with fellow yelpers Lynn W and Rand H. Well to start i had the Italian chili soup and it was very good not the best soup I ever had but up there. Then I had the never ending pasta bowl and it was good as well. The garlic bread sticks that come with the pasta are alright but not as good as as regular cheesy garlic bread. when we left i was full and happy so yes yay i am a fan.
4	Sometimes you want to go somewhere that is familiar.  I know it's not "authentic", I have been to Italy had amazing meals there.  Certain restaurants mean certain things to different people.  Olive Garden has a special meaning for me as it was a place my Mom enjoyed and I had many meals there with her.  I had been trying to meet up with Rand H. for ages and we finally got the chance!  Rand brought Mike C. along and we had a nice meal and chatted about all things Yelp and many other topics.  Plus it's not everyday I get to have lunch with two gentleman so this was my lucky day!  I had the endless pasta bowl that came with soup or salad.  I had salad.  I have never had a bad salad from Olive Garden.  It's always fresh and crisp.  The breadsticks were hot and fresh too.  I had rigatoni with meat sauce and it was good.  The pasta was cooked al dente and the meat sauce was flavorful.  But my second bowl of pasta was even better.  Mushrooms and alfredo sauce!  YUM!It was excellent.  Next time I'll get that first.  The endless pasta bowl is really a good value.  I had that and an ice tea for just $10.  Needless to say I did NOT eat dinner that night.  Thanks to Rand H. and Mike C. for meeting up with me and brightening my day!
4	Being part greek, this is one of my favorite spots, mmm  mmm delicious
3	You know going in that the food isn't going to be incredible, but you'd at least expect the staff to be friendly. This particular OG is very hit or miss. I've had both good and horrible dining experiences due to the waiter/waitress.
4	Service is very good. I haven't had good service in any restaurant for a while so I'm pretty impressed. Food wasn't that great. Pasta was tasteless. Bread sticks was good though. And the soup is always good. Try their flavored lemonage!
3	I have to tell you, this is a 2.5 star review masquerading as a 3-star review.  And I only went with three because our server happened to write something cute on the little card that they pass out with every check now.The food was really "meh" at this location.  I realize Olive Garden is not gourmet Italian food by any stretch, but the location I usually frequent has more more "flavor."  We also went and noon and were "frowned upon" by the wine server for not tasting (sorry, fresh out of church - not on a date!) and were not even OFFERED the lunch menu until we asked (which is a savings of $3/plate.)As I said, our waitress was about 4 stars, the rest of the place about 2.  I think a solid 2.5 is good.
4	Olive Garden is one of the few chain restaurants that has a special place in my heart... mostly because my mom and dad like it so much but also because I really like their salad bowl and bread sticks.   When I'm home, on the rare occasion we eat out, we  sometimes go there for family dinners.  I recently met a new friend at the Chandler location for lunch because they still have that great all-you-can-eat soup and salad for lunch... Yum!  Really, the soup and salad is my favorite thing.They have a chicken and dumpling soup now, which was delicious and easy on my tummy (was sensitive that day)! Might see ya there!
3	Of the four Olive Gardens I have dined at in the Valley, this is my least favorite, due to the floor plan.  Also, with the end (for now) of the "Never Ending Pasta Bowl" Special, the value is reduced a little bit.  With that said, I still think it's a good place, aka:  "A-OK".     :-)
4	What to write about an already popular restaurant.  Oh wait.. it's this exact location.  I love this location!  Maybe it's the people who work there, maybe it's the layout of the building, but I think it's just great.For those who have never been to the Olive Garden (which I doubt is many), you have to make sure and ask them for FRESH bread sticks.  This last trip there they gave us what seemed to be the last of the lunch breadsticks.. yeah.  They quickly fixed it and gave us plenty of fresh ones.I usually enjoy simple dishes, but decided to try one of their new specials.  Completely forgot the name of the dish, but there was chicken, pasta and some other goodies.  A big plus about Olive Garden is that every so often they have all you can eat pasta bowls. MMmmmm.. Great "Italian" food.. hehe.
3	Sometimes you want a meal you don't have to think about. Nothing about Olive Garden is particularly exceptional. Food is good, drinks and alright, desserts are solid. It's just a good, casual place to carb up and hang out and grab a glass of wine. It's easy, fun and a no-brainer ... perfect when you want decent food and don't mind the noise from surrounding families.Give these a try: Glass of Moscato, Gnocchi & Toscana Soup, and get the alfredo boat to give life to those breadsticks.
3	This review is bittersweet because I am a former employee (until 1997), but the truth must be told.We arrive very excited at our table, only to sit there 5-6 minutes before a server comes to greet us. I would have been more tolerant had the place been packed to the gills, but surprisingly this Saturday afternoon at 1pm was relatively slow.Found out they no longer carry Sicilian Splash, that was a real downer (gone for 8 months apprently)Our server was great, once she actually arrived on the scene, and was attentive to our needs. Above average.Now the bottom line: pricing. This location is gorgeous, ,totally decked out and beautiful. It has to be build into the prices because they ARE too expensive for what they offer.Don't get me wrong, the food itself is above average, but the prices are above above above average. Get it? :)I think with Oregano's opening in Chandler (Feb '11) is going to take away from Olive Garden's share, ALOT, as they are now running 1 1/2-2 hours waits in the evening.I used to have an intimate love affair with you OG, but alas I have a new mistress
2	I have been to this location a few times, but the last time I came here was a few nights ago. I just wanted soup because it was cold out and we were at Chandler Mall, so OG seemed like the appropriate choice. We got there and it wasn't too busy and were seated. Our waitress came by and asked us to sample some wine and when we declined she took on this huge attitude and said 'so what DO you want to drink?' with almost disdain in her voice. Whoa lady, sorry for not wanting your cheap wine sold for expensive prices... this was kind of the theme of the night. The waitress seemed to be in a very bad mood. The food was the standard mediocre fair that comes from all OGs. The salad had a giant uncut piece of lettuce in it, the soup was fine, the BF got an alfredo pizza that was dry, but fine. So this place gets a big meh.
3	love this place. however last time I got take-out the customer service was horrible. I complained to the hostess how rude the waiter was but to my dismay ignored my request to speak with someone! never will I get take-out from there.
3	It's the Olive Garden. Same as any other. And that's the point.
1	Came with the family on a Saturday night. The wait was not too long (20 mins) and the food was as expected at any Olive Garden across the U.S.  The Service however was mediocre to poor. Water glasses stayed empty for 5 minutes at a time and the food was slow to arrive.  The waiter needs to learn proper etiquette. He served my wife last in all instances.  Our food took forever to come out and the only positive about the wait time on the food was the fact that our kids got served first. Our food arrived a good half hour after that and we had to "keep them entertained" when our meals finally arrived. It's been a full ten minutes now since we have completely finished and if I can't get the waiter's attention so I can pay and leave, the rating and the tip will surely drop. Update:  I practically had to do jumping jacks to get the waiter's attention. My family left and it's been close to 20 minutes. I'm not coming to this OG again!
5	A very rare lunch with my husband since he works overnites& sleeps during the day! We got seated right away, orders taken, salad/ breadsticks came right away and special attention to my pop mixed with flavoring!
5	Great service (teresa). Food always hot and fresh with craveable breadsticks.
1	It's no wonder why olive garden and company are declining.   We sat at the bar and didn't get any service for over 10 minutes.   Open boxes, dirty dishes, empty cups lined the bar like a college kitchen.   Not a good experience we ended up walking out and ate at Abuelos next door.
4	Love their complimentary salad and bread sticks.  Sometimes the bill is higher than going to comparable places. Service is always excellent here though.
2	We went despite the poor reviews and are sad to say they were right.  Between the noise, the wait, the under-trained staff, the wait, seeing staff standing around while tables needed bussing, floors needed sweeping, other diners becoming agitated, waiting an hour and 25 minutes (with 'pre-packaged' dessert to go) to walk out and fight our way through the chaos at the front door of people wanting to dine and seeing people lined up outside knowing that there were empty tables everywhere.  The waitress must have been new. She was nervous, slow and  unorganized but smiled the whole time.  Clearly under trained so I would look to the managers for that one! We'd give the food a 7 out of 10, Unfortunately, it didn't matter what the food tasted like.
3	Stopped by for a bite of lunch.  Here you get what you expect, and the salad is tasty.
3	I usually come out here after the lunch hour rush. You would think its slow enough that you can be seated immediately. Not. 3 stars is all i can give.
4	My mom and I went to Olive Garden yesterday for lunch. The thing about chain restaurants is usually the food is the same no matter where you go, but the service is what makes the difference. Our server was Phillip and he was so nice! He told us about the options but what made the difference was his delivery.  he was fun and joking and very light-hearted.  My mom and I did the 2 for 25 deal and started with the fried zucchini and fried mozzarella. For some reson though, instead of mozzarella, we got the beef ravioli.  This turned out to be a nice surprise because I never would have tried these on my own, but they ended up being delicious.  For my meal, I had the eggplant parmesan and my mom had some chicken dish (I don't remember and neither does she). My dish was delicious and perfectly cooked. My mom's dish on he other hand was too salty. She sent it back, but when Phillip returned with her newly prepared dish, it was still salty and they figured it must be the sauce.Even though her dish wasn't the best, she overall had a good experience and so did I. We will definitely be returning to this location again.
3	You know it is Olive Garden. You get what you expect. If you were coming here looking for authentic Italian cuisine then you are crazy. The food is ok. Not great but not horrible. The only time I really come here is when they have some special dish that they are featuring. This seems to be when they really step up their game. Which is saying something for Olive Garden.I will say the last time I was here our waitress Carla gave us 5 star service. Some of the best service I've ever had at any Olive Garden if not anywhere. She was very attentive. Wasn't stingy with the cheese on the salad. She even added some cheese to the salad, mixed it up then added more cheese on top. Very nice. Great attitude too.Pretty much everyone is addicted to their bread sticks and they hand out Andes mints at the end. The prices aren't too bad for what you are getting. Still my best advice is wait until they are featuring a special dish. Some of them might surprise you. Olive Garden just made this? Yep. Not half bad.But at the end of the day it is what it is. Pretty cheap, completely Americanized Italian food monster super chain. Or I guess Italian like food. Don't want to piss off the Italians by calling it Italian food.It is like what someone said about Starbucks once, They must be doing something right or they wouldn't be everywhere.
4	I've been to this location numerous times in the past and never had a bad experience. Recently, I went back for lunch with my daughter and a friend. This was the first time coming back to this location with a child.  All in all it was a great experience and I was rather impressed that my daughter got her food before the adults so that she would get more time to eat. The menu items were a bit pricey but all in all it was a good meal.
4	constantly good, I have a favorite and they have never disappointed. Some times I have good servers something's bad it doesn't matter the food is alway great And I never leave hungry :)
4	This was my first time to Olive Garden in quite some years and the food was good.  The salad and breadsticks have not changed, but there were some new additions on the menu thay are worth the try.  Waiter and manager came around frequently to check on service and see how things were going.  Overall a good value for what you pay for.
3	I came to Olive Garden here because I had gift cards. Being Italian and to call this authentic Italian cuisine is a misnomer. So I will grade it on the food delivered. No appetizer needed with the salad and bread sticks complimentary.  Main dish was decent but typical fora chain restaurant. Service was good as well. They got a 3 because they had good good and service but nothing spectacular.
4	I've always liked their house-salad and their calamari. They need to go easy on the salt with the bread sticks. Could never complain about their service. The new menu is good. Avoid holidays for this location, the wait is seriously a killer.
1	Be careful. Had extremely poor and rude service from a Lucy M. Used my debit card to pay for my meal and found out she changed my tip amount and gave herself another $7 without my knowledge. I was furious! Called and spoke with manager Nicole who couldn't applogize enough. Consider yourself warned!
1	Just a follow up to my earlier review. Be careful everyone, Lucy M still is employed at this location... Olive Garden knowingly employs a server who has daily contact with multiple customers credit card information - she stole from me - I doubt i'm the first one she's done this to and I can guarantee I won't be the last.  Manager Nicole has been great throughout this but the fact that she still works there guarantees that not only I will never be in there again but I will warn as many of you as I can not to go there.
5	My boyfriend and I live in the neighborhood and come to this location quite frequently to eat and have some drinks at the bar. We have always had good, friendly service.  The 2 for $25 is our favorite! Also I recommend their Pinot Grigio if you are a wine drinker :)
3	For some reason, this location always seems to attract loud teenagers. I've been here several times and none have been a particularly good experience,  but just okay.The service was nice enough but slightly forgetful. I probably didn't need that glass of water anyways,  and I think he decided on my behalf that one salad was enough. Silly me, wanting to much. But he did make some nice food suggestions and keep the coke full.The entre was a smaller portion than expected,  but quite tasty. The salad was nearly ruined by what can only be described as "the bottom of the bag" of croutons being dumped on top and smothering the bowl in bread crumbs.  Sadly, it's usually the salad we come for. Bf says his seafood Alfredo was good but thrown together, cheese unmelted.The location is convenient so we might be back, but you do have to steel yourself for the noise level.
4	This is a pretty good Olive Garden overall. Far from perfect, but the management will nearly always try to make things right if there is a major problem. The server you get seems to determine your experience here. If they could just stop the turnover of the really good servers.
4	I love Olive Garden! We have been here quite a few times and the food is always delicious and consistent with other olive gardens. Cute decor and tables and restrooms are usually very clean. Hostess is always friendly and if there is a wait they manage it well. Service is spotty, we've had some really good ones and we've had some pretty bad ones. Something that makes them unique is one of the servers is a professional opera singer! Very cool if you go on your birthday :-)
5	= = = = = =  NEVERENDING PASTA BOWL!  = = = = = =Finally made it back around to this Olive Garden to enjoy their "Neverending Pasta Bowl" treat that comes around at this time every year.  I started with a bowl of Zuppa Toscana Soup, which has ground Italian Sausage, potatoes and kale in a creamy sauce.  Very tasty!  Then it was on to a bowl of spaghetti & lots of meat sauce.  This serving was so large that it was all I needed to eat, so next time I'll ask for a half-order for my first pasta item, so I have room for more.  (They do bring you less for additional pasta servings.)  With 36 combinations of pasta and sauce, you want to have more than one!  You also get unlimited warm, buttery bread sticks.This time we were seated in a very comfortable booth in the dining room, the service was excellent, and this was a great lunch for the price, at just $9.99.     :-))
