5	I have been seen by the Nurse Practitioner Christa and Dr. Laura Kimbro so far. Both experieces have been good. They are really good about following up with you. They can do ultrasounds right in the office if your insurance covers it.  They do all their baby deliveries at Banner Desert.One small complaint...they take the whole thanksgiving weekend off. Although there is someone always on call, it would be nice if they were open that friday.
5	Excellent group of physicians!
2	Why would I make an appointment with any doctor for a shot, and only a shot, and wait an hour for my service? It is a random Thursday, and have waited an hour now. No apologies, no regard for client's schedules, nothing. If they weren't so good in every other regard I would change doctors. I drive 30 minutes to get here and will not stay if I'm continually left to wait an hour. Also, 3 different nurses have walked up to me and called me 3 different names.  THEN, they had me wait an hour to get the shot and then tell me I should have peed in a cup (nobody told me that???). I go to pee in a cup and then have me wait another 20 minutes to make sure I'm not a leper. Get it together!
1	Attention expectant mothers: DO NOT USE!! I was referred to Southwest Women's Care by a friend who was very impressed by the Ahwatukee office location and staff. This being my second pregnancy, I was prepared for the lengthy initial paperwork, long office waits, and moody receptionists; however, I was not at all prepared for complete and utter incompetence. I left my initial visit feeling ok with my OB selection, but in all honesty, I wasn't super impressed with the doctors or staff.  I rationalized the lackluster feelings as pregnancy hormones and made follow up appointments.  If my friend raved so much about them then how bad could they be? I went through my new patient information packet and realized the PA who examined me failed to provide me a due date. Wow! Completely unbelievable! Everyone knows it's one of the most important components of the initial visit. I was able to figure it out using a pregnancy calculator but I couldn't believe the miss. During my visit I also set the expectation I would need FMLA paperwork filled out by 5/29/13--I stressed the importance of the forms and deadlines. The person assisting me said that my deadline wouldn't be an issue and assured me she would personally complete the forms if needed. Well, when I called this morning (5/29/13) to see if the forms were completed the receptionist seemed uninterested in my situation and chose to inform me they had "7- 10 business days to complete any and all medical forms . . ." to which I responded "that is not what I was told at my visit and I need those forms as soon as possible." She told me she would check into it and call me back.  The receptionist did provide a prompt follow up call to let me know that they would be making an exception for my forms. She set the expectation that I would be able to pick them up after the office lunch break and left it at that. I was pleased with the quick response and went to pick up my forms as soon as I could. When I got to the office the front desk could not locate my paperwork and the lengthy wait time left little time for me to double check the forms. Imagine my dismay when I got back to my office to discover the forms were filled out completely incorrect.  There were contradictories, wrong information, and misspellings galore.  There is absolutely no way a medical professional could have completed the documents. When I checked the back signature, sure enough, it was different from the rest of hand writing on the forms.  I am completely appalled that a doctor or physicians assistant would sign off on forms without insuring they were filled out appropriately. There is no way I would let someone who can't even take the time to make sure basic documents are completed properly deliver my child.  An expectant mother needs someone who pays attention to details. If this is how they handle the little parts of pregnancy then I don't even want to think about how they handle the bigger parts. I urge ALL mothers to reflect upon this information when considering Southwest Women's Care as their OB of choice.
5	I have used this office twice for two different reasons  and have to say Nina Boyd is over the top this is how I describe my visit. She was professional, nice,accommodating, concerned, caring,knowledgeable, sweet, personable. She does a great job at explaining through out procedure. I highly recommend this office for any aesthetics procedures.
2	I went in back in July of 2013 for an ablation surgery that did not work btw. I was told that it was going to be $2800 total when I asked for the total cost up front. After I made my appointment and spent $130 on a consult that I didn't get anything out of I decided to have it done anyway. So a few days before my appoint they call me and tell me that I have to pay an extra 50 for a prego., 250 for a test and 500 for sleeping meds. total cost 3400.00. Well over what I was told. Day of surgery they had two male assistance that flew in from cali. to watch that I was not aware of until I was about to go in to the room and have surgery. I did not like the fact that I paid so much and they didn't even ask me before hand if I would mind. Once I got up from surgery they were trying to get me out which didn't make me to thrilled about my experience (zero recovery time) so I made sure to stay anyway and get some rest for about an hour and half. I was called later and told that I over paid by 58.00 and that they would send a check out, it has been 4 months and I have not seen anything.  Overall I am not happy about the price, care or follow up and I am really unhappy that it did not work and if I want to try it again I have to pay another 3400. They should charge half so you can have it done twice just in case and they should let you rest after instead of okay your done get out.
5	The thoroughness of their prenatal care saved my baby's life. My first pregnancy was perfect with no problems, but my second pregnancy... not so much. I went in for my 18 week anatomy ultrasound, and as part of that exam they screened me for incompetent cervix (which many practices don't do). It turns out I had incompetent cervix and was well on my way to losing the baby. Most women don't learn that they have this condition until after they have lost their baby. Because of their diligence, I was able to take the necessary steps to save my baby.The quality of the care at SWCWC is unparalleled. I highly recommend this practice.
5	Love this group of practitioners and the care provided.
1	Total and epic fail.I've attempted to go to this practice twice.I shoulda learned after the first failed appointment- however, the convenience of their location coupled with my laziness made me go in for a second attempt.Shame on me I guess.The first appointment I had with them was "rescheduled" about an hour before my appointment to a different day altogether.The second appointment I had with them was actually made for the Tempe location (when I specifically asked for the Ahwatukee location), and then when I tried to reschedule something- they didn't have anything with a doctor for another month.Can't imagine actually being sick or super preggo and dealing with these types of issues!  Thus, I'm taking my vagina elsewhere.
