4	Okay, I know it's Bed Bath, and everyone knows Bed Bath. But there were a few things regarding my experience at this location that I feel are worth sharing. For starters, all you brides-to-be, I'm sure you know that this is the wedding registry central - the ultimate place for all your needs as a new couple. BUT, not sure if you knew the following - they make it super easy for all of your returns after you get everything home and realize that you went a bit scanner crazy, and don't need the waffle maker you thought you couldn't live without. They happily will take your items back, with our without receipt, box or no box, used or non used. If they sell the item, they will take it back (hint: even if you don't purchase it from a Bed Bath). More often than not they will even give you cash back if you don't feel you need anything else. One last thing: many of you may already know that they take expired coupons, but you may also want to know what the helpful girl behind the counter mentioned to me: that they accept ALL competitors coupons as well - Macy's, TJ Maxx, linens and things, jcpenney, etc. You bring it in, they'll honor it. Just today I brought back in a colander that I couldn't get the sticky price tag off of (why do they do that?) and an ironing board without the packaging, no receipt, and got cash back. Not bad.
3	Bed Bath & Beyond has its purposes... I guess being my age... a lot of people are getting married = registry lists.  It's pretty easy to look online and then get a gift from the store or have it ship directly to the happy couple.I tend to avoid any location in the Arboretum like the plague since it seems like a chore getting in and out of there easily.Still have a small problem with the fact that I am always finding myself using their 20% coupons they send me in the mail.  I guess I think it would be less of a hassle to actually lower the prices of the entire store, then to keep up with mailings and coupons in that manner.
4	I generally like browsing at BB&B... but the only downside to this store is the fact that they have so much merchandise crammed into it that it can be a little messy and cluttered... especially around the holidays.  But the employees are pretty friendly and will help you if you are looking for something in particular.  I have been in a couple of times without my coupon, and they typically have one hand that they will scan for you if you ask.  Like Alessandra, I am also impressed with their liberal return policy - that is certainly worth an extra star in my book!
4	They have bed stuff, bath stuff and beyond stuff.  I am a big fan of Tervis cups, which they have a huge variety of (with all of the accessories that go along with them) and I also like Turbie Twist towels (don't judge me) as seen on TV.  The 20% coupons that are regularly sent out definitely get me in the door and I always end up buying more than what I went in for.Pots, pans, plates, towels, bedding, an enormous selection of K-Cups, lamps, small furniture.... a little bit of everything for home.  I am a fan of Bed Bath & Beyond and this is a great location.  (except for a blonde that works there - she is in a pissy mood EVERY time I am in there, but the other employees are exceptionally friendly and helpful).
2	Bedbathandbeyond is usually my last choice when searching for home goods.  Their prices are always higher than everywhere else, sometimes laughably.  Try Home Goods, Target, Penneys, TJ Maxx, etc.  I don't find the quality to justify the prices
