5	I LOVE THESE WINGS!!! 30-something different flavors!!!!!I have dined here 6 times now and every time I have really enjoyed all the food. I have actually turned 5 different people into regulars at this joint, just by taking them there once. We always start out with the garlic-parmesan fries. Pure artery clogging goodness. I actually feel my blood thicken as I eat them. We then usually get the wing sampler which lets you choose 4 different flavors. The wings are jumbo wings not those little pinkie finger sized wings you get at some joints. These babies are more like mini drum sticks. They have flavors ranging from Mild and Sweet to Ridiculously Hot. Check this place out if you like excellent flavorful food ( Full menu on their website)....defiantly worth it. Also there are a few locations this one is just the one closest to my house. This place gets 5 stars for great service, awesome wings, and a FULL BAR.
3	31 flavors off wings.  It's like the Baskin-Robbins of chicken.  They have either the sauce covered wings or the dry seasoning.  Some flavors were a hit or a miss.  I've tried the Medium Hurricane Sauce which has the familiar taste of tangy bar wings, Ancho Chile Lime Sauce dry, Firecracker Sauce dry, also not that great, and Smoky Citrus Chipotle which I thought was good.  The garlic parmesian fries weren't anything that I raved about.  The beers were only a $1 on draft because it's the NBA Finals.   They had friendly service, but sometimes forgot about orders when it wasn't that busy.  Just like the flavors of the wings, I believe that this place can be a hit or a miss for people.
3	The basketball finals are on - we're thinking wings and our ass planted in front of the TV at home.  So, we figure with Hurricane Grill & Wings advertising like mad about their 31 flavors, why not give it a try?We walk in just as the game is starting and take a look at the menu.  The hard part really is deciding what flavors you want - we went for their Hurricane Wing Flavor Sample for $17.99.  It comes with 24 pieces of their jumbo wings or boneless wings, tossed with four sauces of your choice, celery, and ranch or bleu cheese dressing.It took about half an hour for our order to go to finally come out.  We weren't the only one waiting though.  A bunch of people had called in their orders, and they weren't particularly pleased with the wait either.Meanwhile, I'm watching the dynamics of this place - they're trying to train a new girl, but I don't think they are doing a very good job of it.  The bar is REALLY close to where the tables are.  Therefore, if you plan on bringing your kids to this place, watch out for the foul- mouth drunks hanging out at the bar.  Dropping the F bomb every other second can be described as a not family-friendly environment.The good thing about taking it to go is that they label each box with what flavor you got.  The bad thing is that they don't bother asking if you want ranch or bleu cheese, they just give you the ranch.  And the celery includes four pieces.  Also, we saw someone else get hot sauce for their to go order, so we were sure to ask for some of that too.Our flavor choices: * Sea Salt & Vinegar - We really couldn't taste the whole salt and vinegar concept, just tasted like deep-fried wings. Lacking in overall taste.* Ancho Chile Lime Sauce - Good flavor with a nice heat as well.* Habanero Lime Toss - A dry rub - nice heat as well, with a fresh squeeze of lime on top.* Hurricane's Garlic & Parmesan - Pretty good flavor with the cheese adding the funky smell and taste.With wings, the BF loves Wing Stop.  My complaint with them is that their wings are too small, good flavor though.  Here - the wings are bigger with more meat and good flavors, if you choose the right ones.  I was dipping my wings in the ranch, bleu cheese, and hot sauce, so maybe there wasn't enough flavor for me.  Sometimes they don't have all the flavors available though as we heard they were out of a few. Overall, we'd go back.  But the wait alone sucked and I don't about dining in since the service seemed lacking.  Their Garlic Parmesan Fries ($3.99) look tempting though!
1	This place just plain sucks.  Bad management and awful service.
2	Service is generally slow.Their Jamaican jerk chicken is awful.I've also gotten weird grisly bites of chicken...They do have some good flavors, but overall I was un-impressed.They also have a number of wobbly tables.
5	My local Heavenly hangout.  With UFC, Football, and wonderful staffing makes Hurricane the ish!!.  Alex, Dan, and the whole crew at Stephanie and Warm springs are not only friendly but make sure that everything is legit and a fun environment. You can mix and match flavors. Try a one of their 3 dry rubs and any sauce that sounds good with it. Habenaro mixed with Thai Ginger is amazing....Hab mixed with Teriyaki is amazing.. Hab mixed with Burbon apple is amazing.... You get where im going.  Burgers are great, and grilled chicken swch, and shrimp are good as well...  The 2 for 1 specials on beer are cool. I wish they had NEWCASTLE ON TAP!!! Wish they had a BIGGER BAR instead of 5 seats that are extremely uncomfortable.  But.. I love the place. And will continue to devour those delicious wings.  Please go back to your old big wings!! screw the tiny buffalo wings.  For anyone who hasnt gone.. GO already!! 31 flavors? pssshh!
3	Sad to say, the Hurricane near Eastern and Horizon Ridge has closed only a couple months after opening.  Wish I'd had a chance to go there, was always on my to-do list.  I entered three stars because I had to enter something.
3	Great wings but sad to say they are now closed - looking at the past reviews of slow service, that might have been the reason why.
