5	I can be here for hours on end. I haven't found any great steals at this particular location however I did pick up a handful of records for the usual $.50. Organized, clean and decent customer service.
4	This Goodwill Store just recently opened and we had a $5 off discount with purchase that was burning a hole in our pocket. This location is pretty new, clean and organized, which is a plus. Great place to look for Halloween costumes, books and board games. Those are the three things I look for when I come. We hit the jackpot with lots of great games for game nights we hold. We were able to purchase about 10 games for the price we would pay for one at a regular store. Fortunately, all of them were clean and barely used. All the pieces were still there and some were unopened. Score. Great little store. They were particularly busy today as it is their Grand Opening, but they ran things pretty smoothly and were able to get the lines moving quickly and orderly considering.
1	Visited Good Will store today,not that busy but when I got to the check out,you found where all the people were,at least 30 customers waiting and only two cashiers,on had to answer the phone every 2 minutes,when I asked why more cashiers are not used,and here is the good part,the answer was and I quote" the customers will wait,where else can second rate and broke people go"ought to change the name to Bad Will.
2	Thought I would give this thrift store another chance.  The first time around, I thought it was a mess due to their grand opening.  Well, the place is still a mess.  Great thrift store prices but  it takes some time to find anything of worth amid all that chaos.  Racks are cramped and items all over the floor.   Goodwill Hunting!
2	Being a big Goodwill fan I had some high expectations when I came to visit this new location on W Sahara. I was not impressed.I came to shop on a Saturday night and maybe the store was very busy that day. This could be the reason why the store was messy and unorganized. The furniture selection was minimal as was the bric-a-brac section. Clothing racks were crammed full and did not offer anything interesting or designer.I will try back again soon, but my first impression of this store was luke warm at best.***UPDATE***On my last visit I did find a brand new Hugo Boss stretch long sleeve shirt in royal blue (tags attached with an MRP of $135). It was beautiful and only $8.99. I also found a pair of BALLY dress shoes made in Switzerland in excellent condition for $12.99, so the deals are there if you look hard enough.This store is always crowded and you have to dodge large families that often take over an entire section. Go early or late to avoid the crowds.
4	I shop here all the time! One of the best thrift stores here in Vegas! I find super cool things all the time but I do have one issue... Price tags that you can't get off without damaging the item! I just wish they would be a bit more mindful of where they place these stickers.... Other than that it's a great place to shop! Great customer service and very good prices!
3	During a recent trip to Vegas, The Better Half scored a nice marble statue at a Goodwill store in Green Valley, so she thought she'd try another store to see if she could find a similar gem.  We stopped by this store to check it out.After spending an hour in the store, she found a couple of items, but nothing like the statue at the other store.  We found a couple of National Finals Rodeo (NFR) jackets for $7 ea.  These are normally $50-$75 ea at the event.  We like to go to the rodeo every year, so it was a nice find.Overall, not a bad day shopping.Return Factor - 70%
3	Not really sure if I should bother writing a review here...I was playing chauffeur for my Dad, who wanted to come shopping here for some clothes and misc.Soul and I rolled around the whole store, checking out all the most random things you can pool together in a single store.  Very odd things, including an awesome carpet painting lol...it was wall art made out of crude pieces of carpet :PSome things like the kids toys were reasonably priced, and some were in good shape...not all.  I picked up a new monster truck for Soul, for the low low price of $0.69 lol.  And my Dad got a senior citizen discount of 50% off, so I spent about $0.35 for a new toy for Soul :)Seemed like everyone was hoarding around the used electronics, which only seemed like old VCRs, record players, CD players that you would have to devote an entire piece of furniture for....I didn't really see the need.They were bringing out new items as we shopped, so I could see this place being a true hit and miss...one hour goes by, and you might find a deal...or you were too late and got beat to the punch.  Pretty sure the employees snag the really good stuff anyways...that's what I would do lol
3	Nice people. Always very helpful. And Goodwill is very conveniently located right across the street from Savers. Now, Goodwill is on the more expensive spectrum as far as thrifting is concerned, but it's nowhere near the lofty prices of the Big Red Devil aka Saver's. So I try and find what I need here first, and If they don't have it, It's off the the bank to take out a loan so I can go to Saver's.They have daily deals, colored tags, and are in conjunction with Albertson's so if you brink a week old receipt from Albertson's on a certain day you will receive 25% off. Also, Friday is week-old-goodwill receipt day. Same concept.You'll have to call for details, they change quite often.Shop here for clothes and glasses and plates and knick-knacks. Not a huge selection of furniture.I'll say it again, wonderful staff. Keep up the good work!
4	This is a newer store. A large store, very clean store (a staff member was sweeping as I was going down the aisles), and smells like an A-type casino (think M Resort) with a sweet scent (so, it doesn't smell like a thrift store). Only a few dressing rooms, which was the area was a little congested because there were several old ladies. One rude customer, was almost yelling about getting over somewhere, "if she could ever make her way over the crowd." To which my husband immediately replied, "Well, there is such a thing as saying Excuse Me." What the heck did she want me to do, run over the old lady with the cart, in front of me?! No, I'm not rude like that. Anyway, other than this rude lady, the client set was of a better standard as compared to Saver's, but then again, it was a holiday sale day @ 50% off everything; was a total mad house yesterday. The dressing room I used was clean, except there were some empty hangers which I hung up on the hook. I scored here yesterday with two pairs of GAP shorts for $10.00. Two colors of tags were on sale @ 99 cents, but I didn't get that lucky. Oh well, I was happy. I didn't think I was going to find anything and then I looked at the sparse offerings on the shorts in the small size. Goes to show you, you never know. Shopping at thrift shops is like a little treasure hunt.
5	This is probably the cleanest goodwill you will find in the valley and staff are a bit more friendly and helpful here and won't kill you with their looks when you ask them for help like the staff in the tropicana store do. Found a Kobe Bryant authentic number 8 jersey for 3 bucks and complete steam iron for 5 dollars.
3	The only reason I'm writing this review is because of the bag check. I walked into the store, made it about halfway through the store before a cashier was yelling for my attention. I turn around and she shouts that she needs to check my bag. The bag in question is probably 12"x12" and doesn't fit anything wider than an iPad before it starts to visibly bulge out. I hand her my bag and receive a ticket. As soon as I turn around I see women shopping with purses bigger than mine that could have easily fit whatever they were trying to stop me from stealing. I don't want to say it was racially motivated, but two black men walking into a store and they're the only ones who have to check in a bag? I wonder if she knew that statistics show that middle aged white women (who carried their purses freely) are more likely the shoplift. Even more baffling is the fact thought of my stealing a $2.99 shirt stuffed in my LV bag. Thankfully the manager was in reach and She promptly helped us. She retrieved the bag and apologized. She explained to the employee that backpacks were the only bags that needed to be checked in and the employee says "Well I didn't know. No one tells me anything." My bag was the only bag on the counter while numerous purses and diaper bags roamed the store. Needless to say several employees overheard the situation and assisted us in finding the manager. They expressed to us that she was wrong and not to argue with her., probably saving us from a more chaotic interaction. In the end I didn't find anything I was interested in and left. The store was neat and had plenty of employees tending to it. Will I be back? I doubt it.
5	I do events and sometimes it's a blast from the past.. Were getting ready to do a Footloose Flashmob! I found exactly what I needed and the staff couldn't be nicer! I didn't get the managers name who helped me at the register, or the sweet young lady standing next to her (she was on her break but, stayed to see if I found what I was looking for). The "manager lady" (sorry I didn't do my do-diligence to get her name!) what a STAR! My thanks to her.. "One mans trash is another mans treasure!"
4	Wow I love to Thrift shop. It's so fun to go to Goodwills when I'm traveling. So many different things. This store was huge! So much bigger then the ones near my home town. I could have spent along time going through the clothes. They were very busy Nd there racks were stuffed. The prices are doubled compared to my hometown Goodwills. Maybe because it's Vegas. Shirts in my area run for 3.95 a piece this store look liked 5 dollars and up. Still reasonable but that is my only complaint.
5	Great place to treasure hunt.  Found several books I couldn't find anywhere else.  Lots of fun t-shirts.   Very affordable
