5	I have had multiple procedure done with Dr Higgins- he is always so friendly and really listens to what I am asking for. Their offices are gorgeous and relaxing!  I went in recently to get a Fraxel laser treatment done on my face to get rid of some redness and broken capillaries. Worked wonders and my skin looks fantastic. I usually come in every few months to touch up on botox - love it.. looks like me only better!!!They also have a great skin care line of their own- I have tried the exfolient and the night cream ( both which I really loved!) Highly recommend
5	Dr. Tam is the best dermatologist around, hands down. The office itself is beautiful and very upscale.
1	You're obviously spending a lot of money if you're coming here or interested I'm coming here so the customer service should be AMAZING, right?Apparently not here.I was referred by a friend so I called to schedule a consult. The person who answered at 7:45 said the office doesn't open until 8 so I can't schedule until then. Called back at 8:55 and the same person said all staff was in a meeting until 9 and to call back.Bad timing on my part sure.. but he was very short the first time I called and you could tell he was very annoyed the second time I called. I won't be calling back and looking for other doctors.
1	I had a consultation with Dr. Edwards and his surgical coordinator, Jackie, was very rude to me and treated me like my questions about the surgery were stupid. Despite this, I was still going to go through with the surgery until I called back to schedule the surgery and was told that their prices have increased and the original quote they gave me was no good- I'd have to pay almost $1,000 more now to have the same procedure. And again I spoke with Jackie who doesn't seem to understand anything to do with good customer service and continued her usual rudeness and passive aggressive way of speaking to customers when she spoke to me. I'll be giving my money to a different doctor because of the way I was treated.
3	Ive been a patient of Dr Edwards for a few years now, and followed him from his office at summerlin hospital to his joint practice with Dr Anson and Higgins.  Dr Edwards i a great guy, Super nice bedside manner, as another reviewer said his nurse Jackie is not the nicest, or patient, but I can deal with that to have him as a doctor.  The office is defiantly snazzy... decorated very well.
4	I have nothing but good things to say! My consultation with Dr. Edwards was great. His medical assistants were very helpful and informative and he made me and my boyfriend feel very comfortable. I went in knowing I wanted a breast enlargement but not sure on the size. Dr. Edwards helped me through the process and ultimately I trusted his expertise. I had my surgery last July and couldn't be happier with the result. I was really nervous for the procedure but Dr. Edwards had great bedside manner and I felt as though I had a friend by my side. In the months after the surgery, I felt like I was very well taken care of. I had regular appointments to check my progress. Dr. Edwards was at each one. I was reading the other reviews about Jackie, the surgery coordinator. I didn't experience a problem with her. She did seem a bit short and compared to the rest of the staff wasn't as personable. But she wasn't rude... I recently went in for a facial and it was pretty good. The only thing I wasn't completely satisfied with was that when I had early morning appointment sometimes there wasn't anyone at reception and when you walk in downstairs there's an empty desk and it was a bit confusing if I should wait there or go upstairs. Go upstairs btw. Overall, I definitely recommend this office and especially Dr. Edwards.
5	I had a breast aug and lift with dr Edwards seven years ago and they're still amazing and he did an amazing job. Everyone thinks they're reals and don't believe I got them done. My mom also had a facelife with dr anson and it was also amazing! I recommend everyone to come here they've all been recognized my magazines and have great reviews and awards by mds around the United States. I love dr Edwards and will be back for a tummy tuck!!
4	I came here strictly for their stellar Latisse deal I found online (5ml for $150.00). I decided to go check it out and see if I can get those doe-eyed lashes I've been dreaming of. I gave them a jingle and confirmed their advertised deal was still being offered. The deal was on and I booked my appointment on the spot. I checked in with the front desk and filled out all the regular medical forms for my appointment.  I then was escorted back to an exam room and met with Dr. Higgins who was very welcoming and warm. He was very thorough with explaining the ins and outs of Latisse during my visit. He never once tried to push or up-sell me into any other procedures (which I appreciated). Everyone in the office was helpful and upbeat. It wasn't a pretentious atmosphere at all (I just assumed it would be). The total time walking in and out the door was roughly an hour.I've been using Latisse nightly as instructed and I'm excited to see the final result. It's only been for three weeks and was advised I should see full results around the 3-4 month mark. I can tell it's working a little bit already. I was impressed with the upscale office, my friendly Doctor, and my overall pleasant experience. I will have wait to see the full results but would recommend the office for Latisse. Price the product out for yourself- I think you will agree that this deal is hard to beat.
