4	This is a good solid hobby store. Their stuff is not as complete as HobbyTown USA right across the street but is nonetheless worth a visit if you are in town.
1	Bad service. The Guy that runs the store is a ass hole. They gave me one discounted price over the phone and when I got there the boss said no. Save your money and shop some where else.
2	Even though they have some interesting stuff in store, the service is lacking severely. Next door to Savers, we came in looking for remote helicopters. The owner had to bitch at his teenage son to get him to come help us. We come back to next day to purchase one and he tells us after it has rung up that there is a sale on helicopters that day. Well gee, I would have liked to have know that before so perhaps I could have picked out a better, more expensive model. He didn't really offer any info on anything but just kept flying that helicopter all over the store. Just really bad immature service and their selection is not the most extensive I have seen, but I was really interested in the items they offered in the store.
1	We will NEVER buy anything from this shop EVER again!!!!  You purchase a $200.00 helicopter and out of the box it does not work and the manager tells you "nope nothing we can do"  REALLY!!!!  What a joke!  Maybe they should put signs up, once you walk out the door, it is yours and we do NOTHING to stand behind what we sell.  What a joke!!!I will say the only positive in the situation was Robert.  If you have questions, he is great.  Wonderful customer service.  He spent lots of time with us during the process and tried to help when we called back (not even 24 hours later) but unfortunately he cannot do anything as everything has to go through the manager.  Maybe their corporate office needs to look at the guy who goes in all the time and tries to help people, not the guy that works selective hours and is NO HELP!!!!!Oh well, we will tell everyone we know both personally and professionally to never purchase anything from this store.  Too bad too we have 3 boys in our family who love Remote Control planes, trains and cars and would have purchased all their birtthday gifts there this year.
4	decided to check this place out after reading the reviews and its true 3 workers and only 1 was very helpful. didn't buy anything but nice selection of rc cars and a little bit of airplanes.
4	They had the tool I needed, but it was not cheap.  They had a great selection of HPI 1/10 car bodies, and a good selection of HPI drift tires, but not many wheels.  I did not spend more than 20 bucks in the store when I went, so it would be hard for me to give them a bad review on the experience I had.  I would absolutely return, especially if I lived on that side of town.  But I do believe the Hobby People on Boulder is a better store.
2	They may be hobby people but I wouldn't know.  No one said one word to us when we walked in.   The store itself is very open, clean and well organized.   They had a few options for what we were looking for but not like their competitor across the street.  We browsed around for a while and with still no word from any of the store associates.  Hmmm..   Needless to say we walked out without any help or words.  I would hope their customer service improves by leaps and bounds.
3	Organized store but not good customer services!
2	I took my son here to spend about $200 on a RC helicopter. There were a few other customers and I took a spot at the counter. I stood there for a few minutes while another lady was being helped. The associate behind the counter, an older gentleman with a huge food stain on his shirt, stood there while another gentleman helped the lady. This guy wouldn't even look me in the eye. After about 3 minutes I walked to another part of the store when my boy ran over and told me he had to go NOW!! Any parent can appreciate the timer that begins to count down when a kid says they have to go to the bathroom. I re-approached the guy behind the counter and asked where the bathroom was. He replied "they're closed to the public. You'll have to go next door (to the Savers store)". I told the guy we were customers, not homeless people who are hanging outside, and my boy had to go bad. The guy just shook his head at me and didn't even say anything. Well needless to say we left the store and will take our money elsewhere. Don't waste your time at this place. They have a decent selection, but no customer service. And no bathroom. Going out of business in....3.....2....
4	A friend of mine just bought an RC car off Amazon and I decided to join the club but did not want to wait so I jumped online to find a place that sells them. After reading all these negative reviews I decided to go to Hobby Town instead because they had better reviews, however after going to Hobby Town and walking out after 20 min because I just did not see anything I wanted and the guy behind the counter did not seem to really care if I bought something or not I decided to head home and on my way home I decided to stop at Hobby People since it was right around the corner.  Not really sure what the deal is with all these negative reviews but I am glad I did not listen to them because as soon as I waked in I was greeted and asked if I needed any help. To make a long story short the kid behind the counter was extremely helpful in helping me choose the right RC car and I walked out of there with a new Traxxas 4x4 RC truck and I just got done running it for the first time 20 min ago and I am very happy that I did not skip this place due to the bad reviews. I own my own small business and I know that some customers can be a pain in the ass so I tend to want to judge things first hand and I can say with 100% honesty that my experience was a very good one and I plan on going back to get my 7 yr old daughter a RC car.
1	Worst customer service in town.  Bought my son a slot car track and it never worked. When I took it back to the store the old man told me no refunds or exchanges. Really? Only two hours after I bought the damn thing and you're not standing behind your own product. Got in an argument with the old man, was told to leave the store and never come back, cussed out the old man and spit a giant loogy on his Harley as I exited the store.
