1	This is probably the worst Chinese buffet I have ever gone to. The only saving graces of this place are the large selection of dim food and the cheap price...only 8.99 all day, weekend or weekday. However, most of the dishes are either overcooked or undercooked and the sushi is terrible. The worst part of it is the fact that my whole family got food poisoning after eating here....we just had a few crab legs and ended up vomiting the entire next day. What a way to ruin a vacation...I recommend going to a better chinese buffet like Pacific buffet just down the road.
4	I live down the street from Super Jumbo, with several asian buffets in the area - and this is my favorite since it opened.The food is good and wide ranging  My favorite is the fried plantains and stuffed shrimp. The price is right, the service is good. I normally dont hit any particular buffet more than a few times because I have so many choices in the area as well as Las Vegas. Of course, this being a buffet, the food isnt going to be not great after being out in hot trays for awhile, but go before 7pm.The weak spot in the food are the deserts - except for the fresh fruit, I would avoid it, including the frozen ..."ice cream".My way of rating a Vegas buffet is "will I go back?". I keep going back. 30 times at last count.
2	Well, the good news is, I didn't get sick from the food, and neither did any of my colleagues.  The bad news is, it's just not remarkable in any way.  Sure, the $5.55 price tag is pretty entertaining and economical, and even with a drink, you're getting out of this place for under $10.   But our meal offerings just weren't memorable.  It just didn't sit right with me, you know?  I felt compelled to be careful what I ordered, and my Jedi instincts served me well.  But it just wasn't "Oh my God" amazing, nor did it compel me to go for seconds, or thirds.  I took the "Indiana Jones" approach and "chose wisely" for food selections, so I was fine.Service was decent.  Nothing out of the way in terms of what we got, but it was acceptable enough to serve its needs.  The price is great, the service was okay, the food was "meh".  I almost tried one of their many fish heads out of pure principle, but I decided that I respected my bowels too much to be that foolish.
3	Me and my friend went here after a active day of shopping at Meadows Mall. It's the closest Asian buffet that I know of in that area. There was a big selection of hot foods. I had some crab legs, stuffed crab, shrimp, chow mien, a rib, won tons, an egg roll, and fried rice. The cream cheese won tons were my favorite. The downside is the dessert selection was lacking. They had no Lotus Balls which is my favorite! I passed on dessert because I was too full to eat it plus I didn't see anything. The meal with drinks costs around $10.00 but during the weekdays it's only $5.00. Downside: The bathrooms and small dessert selection
4	Large selection of food (including seafood), Great price ($5.55 for dinner), Good location/signage--Easy Access, Ample parking.
4	let's be fair, less than $6 buffet,  have streamed salmon, shrimp, like their jalapeno chicken, and tofu, nothing really stands out, but no wait, and the price is right.  some of the selections I don't see it from China Star.  the server does do a good job cleaning up and getting the bills.
3	I drove by this place the other day and saw this "$5.55 ALL DAY" sign outside.  We decided to give this place a try a couple of days ago.  For $5.55  a person and over 50 items (incl. dim sum, seafoods), where else in Vegas you can find a deal like this. We got there around 6:30pm and there were quite a bit of people eating inside.  I can't say that food was very tasty but it was not bad.  The price is right.  Definitely will come back if I am hungry and in a hurry and don't want to spend much for a quick meal.  I give this place 3 stars.
3	I used to drive past this restaurant practically every day when I first moved to LV, but never tried Jumbo Super Buffet.  Recently I saw their ad in the local Chinese newspaper advertising $5.55 all day buffet ($7.61 is what you will pay if you also order a drink + whatever you leave as tip), and was curious what kind of food they would be serving you for about what you would pay for a combo meal at McDonalds, Jack In the Box, etc.Recently on a day that I was feeling particularly adventurous, fearless or extra foolish, I decided what the heck, let's give it a try.The parking lot was fairly full when I drove up.  A positive sign that they are at least getting the customers from their niche market, which I would say are the senior citizens, families with a lot of kids, and pretty much lower income families and individuals, or those that are on a tight budget.The restaurant iself is defintiely older looking.  They did not spend much to decorate the interior or the exterior of the restaurant, but they do have a small army of waiters/bussers that work there that is very good at cleaning up after the guests leave and picking up the used plates during the course of your meal.About the food. The dim sum which I was hoping will be good is rather disappointing for me.  I didn't touch their sushi selection, as I am not sure how long things were left out.  They do have a lot of soups (hot & sour, egg drop, etc), although I didn't give any of them a try. And the more traditional Chinese selections (e.g., Beef and Broccoli) is decent for the price. The American entree items, like beef ribs tend to be way overcooked and greasy. The cut fruits is probbly the best part of their otherwise disappointing dessert selections (which I was expecting from having read the other Yelp reviews posted), but as far as the number of dessert slections it is a fair amount if you combine both the Chinese desserts with the American ones.Overall, I felt that the food tends to be overcooked and on the salty side (salty = more thirsty customer = drink more sodas and therefor eat less food).  But it is hard to complain about the food considering how much you are paying.I would not say that this is a crappy restaurant for the price, as you get pretty much what you pay for.  The food is not top quality by any means, but what attracts the patrons that frequent this restaurant is their low price.  Jumbo Super Buffet is never going to be voted The Best of Las vegas, but they serve a niche market for those with a tight budget.Compared to other Chinese AYCE buffets I have tried in the LV area, this is not one of best ones, but the price you pay is the lowest too.  So if you want better food and willing to pay more, by all means check out the other AYCE Asian Buffets in the area, otherwise Jumbo Super Buffet is adequate as a restaurant for those looking to fill an empty tummy with the least amount of cash expenditures.3 stars.
3	This place is $5.55 for all the food you can eat, plus a $1 or so for the drinks. That should establish the expectations right there. Having said that...So one day my buddy and I were driving down the road and saw this place with it's "5.55 ALL DAY" sign, and we ducked in. It's the same thing we would have spent at Wendy's, we figured, so let's try it. Man, this place is dingy inside. But I usually don't care about that because I'm here to eat. Well, eat I did. And eat some more. The food was not amazing, but it wasn't super bad, either. I ate a ton of food for under $6, so I was happy. I can best compare the quality of the food to a Panda Express meal that's a day or two old. It's still pretty good, but it's not amazing. The real question behind any restaurant is if I'd go there again. With this place, I would, but only if I were starving and broke. I'm usually both of those things, actually, so I'll probably be there again sometime soon.
3	I ate here and I have to say I enjoyed it.  The spice sour soup was good.  The chicken wings were good.  The  BBQ ribs were tough but were tasty.  The fried rice was good.  The fried eggplant was good.  The shrimp was good. The spicy chicken was good.  The beef  & brocolli was tasty. There was more food that I didn't try but it looked good and the ice cream machine had the coldest ice cream I've eaten.  The deserts were plentiful and varied.  The lunch came to $8.00 and if the service hadn't been very slow, I'd have rated it higher.  This was a good buffet at more than reasonable price.  I went in around 2:30pm and the place had very few customers and was quiet. I don't know what the staff was doing most of the time because I only saw them when I got tired of not getting a refill and started to go look for them, they showed up.  But again,  this place is well worth the money and you can't complain about variety of food and desert.  If I had any complaint, it would be that the carpet was in very bad shape and needed replaced or cleaned and the place could be freshened up with paint and a good cleaning.  The price of the lunch was more than reasonable.
2	Well what can i say? It's a cheap , clean place...The food was so so it actually depend of what you eat... Do not try the bbq beef if you don't want to run to the restroom that's for sure lol...everything else was okay... but i wouldn't go back
2	You truly get what you pay for. Granted,  I did not get sick which is why this place gets two stars instead of one. Yes, I know it's a cheap Chinese buffet which means the food will be questionable at best, but I can't resist the urge to try these out. It's kind of like an episode of Survivor only you are competing against yourself. Most of the food here isn't that great. Even the usual go to items like the cream cheese wontons and fried platains were questionable on my second go around of the buffet. Overall, I doubt I would return now that my curiosity has been satisfied.
3	I have this weird obsession with trying every cheap Chinese buffet in town.  Really.  It's a bad habit to invade my body with all of this processed food and possible copious amounts of MSG.  But I keep going back for more!  Must be the hunger from my poor college days of finding the most amount of food to put down my gullet for the least amount of money.  Because who knows when my next big meal would be!  I have been curiously been wanting to try this place for a while, after constantly passing by here on Decatur on my way to work everyday.  Finally, after trying almost every other cheap Chinese buffet in town I gave in.  And wow, what a surprise!Now when I say surprise, I don't mean the food was beyond all comparison and it deserves multiple stars for being heavenly.  I was surprised because for it's very unassuming exterior and surrounding area (there's graffiti everywhere outside on walls and the next door building...a CLOSED restaurant) Jumbo Super Buffet was jumbo packed!  The place was full to the gills of people for lunch!My guess is because they are running their special of all-day-dining for only $5.90 a person (M-F), drinks not included!  That is some super cheap eats!  I mean, even a combo at McDonald's runs more than that so of course you can see the appeal.  The BIG FAT banner they have going across their restaurant advertising the price probably brings in quite a bit of traffic as well.Jumbo Super Buffet is not the prettiest of places I can tell you that much.  It reminds me of a car that's tattered a bit but still gets you where you need to go.  The decor is old, yes it is a bit dusty, the tables and chairs aren't new, and yes...the place isn't the cleanest by Martha Stewart standards.  And yet, this place is full of people.On to the food.  If you don't have a particularty strong stomach and a non-sensitive sense of smell...THIS PLACE IS NOT FOR YOU!  If you don't like the look of unfamiliar animal parts...THIS PLACE IS NOT FOR YOU!  It is bordering on the super-ethnic!  The types of food offered by Jumbo Super Buffet surprised me the most.  It's like something you might see in an Andrew Zimmer 'Bizarre Foods' packed lunch.  Me, I don't mind these types of foods because I'm Filipino and was raised on 'weird' foods...dinuguan, bagoong, and tripe stew anyone?  But for you non-initiated types you might be taken aback a bit.Jumbo Super Buffet of course has your typical 'Asian American' style foods to appeal to the masses:  fried rice, noodles, beef & broccoli, sweet & sour pork, orange chicken (that poor panda), fried shrimp, fried eggrolls, wonton soup, miso soup, and egg drop soup.  Then there's the food for the less Asian types:  fried chicken wings, french fries, greasy pizza and the like.  It's all there and it all tastes the same...salty but somehow satisfying.But turn a corner and you're in some definite bizarre foods territory.  This is the first Chinese buffet I've been to here that serves:-Chicken feet (not bad by the way)-Pigs feet (ooh...so sticky sweet)-Fried fish heads (meh...I've had better...head...nyuk nyuk)-Whole steamed tilapia (not really that bizarre unless you eat fish in fillet form only)It was crazy!  And I am glad that most folks were sopping it all up!  Talk about taking it back old school!  There were folks that had nothing but half a plate of chicken feet and hot rice on their plate...and were totally happy.  I don't eat too much of the random parts often these days but I appreciate the cultures they come from and agree that a lot of these not so common animal parts deserve some respect.  Wasting parts of an animal can't always be a good thing, right?  I enjoyed my servings of chicken feet and pigs feet with a small (squeal) of delight.  The fried fish head would have probably been better with a dipping sauce of soy sauce, vinegar, pepper, green onion, and cilantro.  Fair warning, stay AWAY from the 'sushi' bar!  Did not look good at all!  You are better off eating some fish heads and feet, avoid that salmonella station at all costs!Other than the extra salt content (lots of these Chinese buffets do), the only complaint I had about this buffet was there was no kim chee!  WTH?  I wanted my kim chee fried rice!  And you guys need to get rid of that big vat of tapioca pudding you put on the line...looks like a bunch of fish eyes staring at me and it freaks me out.  But on the plus side, you do have three different kinds of Jell-O!Not the best buffet I've been to, but it exceeded my expectations by not being the worst either.  Take it for what it is folks, frugal eats for frugal wallets!  And my wallet is pretty empty after the fiasco that is Black Friday!!  Happy Holidays all!
3	for what it is, it gets a 3 star. the food is satisfying for the price, just stay away from the cheap sushi and some questionable looking items. i was surprised to see some authentic chinese dishes like fish tails in soy sauce and braise pigs feet. the staff were attentive enough.
2	So after driving past here one day my Boyfriend has been on a kick for this place.  At $5.90 (soft drinks are a bit high) how can we loose he says, ok, I say as I shuffle my feet thru the door. There are a lot  buffet tables so lots to choose from unfortunately not much of it is good and none of it is great. I mostly stayed with the deep fried items Chicken, Wontons had a ton of cream cheese in them, Egg Rolls, and what not.   I also had a slice of Pizza which actually had a ton of cheese real cheese on it a nice surprise.  The stuffed crabs were really good probably the best thing I had.  The soup had no flavor and the short ribs were more like beef jerky then anything.  For desert they have quite a bit of fresh fruit Oranges, Watermelon, and few other items to choose from. So if you are hungry for just food not good flavorful food I highly recommend it.  You really can't complain about the price of the food.  Don't get me wrong it wasn't horrible and I didn't get sick I would just prefer to eat elsewhere.
3	Cheap Chinese food
4	I went here for the first time about 2 weeks ago, starving looking for something out of the ordinary burger joint. Along came Jumbo buffet. Thought I might give it a try even though the outside looks a little deterrent. But I came in and was greeted very nicely. Food was excellent compared to the buffets in north town or east Las Vegas. Besides, where can you eat as many chicken wings and fried shrimps for under 6$ (not including drink and tip)? Next time I'm bringing in my own scampi sauce... yeah buddy!!
4	Over all this place is good. I mean for $5.95 which is super cheap and $1.49 for a drink all you can it is a great deal the food taste great I have been coming here since 10/19/2010 when I arrived to Vegas I have never had a problem with this place.The service is outstanding.The waiters are very kind.There egg fu young (how ever you spell it) is so yummy The only real bad thing about this place is the bathrooms. Ugh please do not go near the bathrooms other than that really good food for a super great price.
4	this place is the best the big meaty beef ribs to dim sum was the best my family loved it the prices are cheap and good or you can take some to go. this is our stop for dinner not too far from the strip. and the staff is helpful and quiet .and the seating is booth and chairs and tables.
1	The food is crap...but it's sooooo cheap!  So cheap, I can't afford NOT to eat here!
3	I enjoy going here when I don't feel like spending a whole lot of money and just want to have a reasonably good amount of food. It's not a fine dining buffet, but the coconut flavor chicken isn't too bad along with a crab dish mixed with vegetables and cheese.  it's about $8 for lunch, can't beat that price these days with $30 buffets on the strip.
2	Uhmm. I should give this more stars because it is soooo cheap, but the food was not very good.  Some of the items tasted like they were from the day before and reheated.  But it is sooooooo cheap.  The chowmein was flavorless and the noodles were undercooked.  But it is sooooo cheap.  The steamed wontons tasted like they were made with just flour and rancid water.  But it is soooooo cheap.  The softserve was too soft and overly sweet.  But it is soooo cheap.  The hispanic hostess ignored me when I got to the door and probably has a penis.  But it is soooooo cheap.
1	Horror Chinese food.   Ghetto style.  All mid-cut chicken wings and pork ribs.  Never again!!!  Only as a joke you bring friends here.
5	The price for buffet is really cheap. But for the price it is really good. Fora decent Chinese buffet I would say this place is great. All you can eat for less than 10.00 for the whole week, I dont think you can find that else where. The waitress and host were nice and friendly. A great place to eat, I would recommend it.
1	Just ate there my husband is throwing up! There was no hardly any food, what was there was nasty chewy and hard the waiters were running around dropping plates our waiter spilled a cup of soda on our tbl and gave us a straw (wtf) seriously were we supposed to suck up the soda spill or what!! We moved ourself to a different tbl cuz no one came to clean the mess! UNBELIEVABLE! They close at 10 it was 8:30 I asked if there were going to put out fresh food they said NO they should have told us as we walked in that whatever is left is all there is to eat! that way we could of had a choice to stay n eat crap or go all my kids ate was French fries and noddles and jello while getting ice cream the waiter said no no ice cream I'm abt to clean the machine so sry! I couldn't believe it, that ruined it for my kids! the restrooms were atrocious!! So we held it in! We went as a family group of 10 people so not worth it!! That place has defiantly gone dwn hill we never had a problem till now!! One thing is for sure they defiantly lost 10 costumers tonight!! We will  Never go there again! The don't deserve any stars in my opinion!!
1	One star because you cant give zero! There were so many clues, but I ignored all of them. I'm not super picky when it comes to Chinese buffets, especially super cheap buffets. I'm a big kid. I know what I'm getting into. Or at least I thought so. I had a bad feeling when I walked in. I even asked to take a look before I decided to try it. It all looked good for the most part., but it's like that bunny from Monty Python and the Holy Grail; it looked good and harmless, but inside lurked an awful, ugly, vile monster.I couldn't even finish my first plate. It was all so very very bad. Go there at you own risk!
1	Stopped by with my boyfriend today after saying, "It can't possibly be THAT bad."  At least not worse than I remember.  Oh no dear reader, it was much worse.  I write this review while we both lay around the house in misery bemoaning the urge to throw it all up but courting an even greater urge not to have to taste any of it ever again.The restaurant decor is punctuated by signs telling you not to take more than you can eat so they don't have to charge more.  "They can raise the prices all they want,"  my boyfriend grunted as he pushed an unfinished plate away.  "I am NEVER coming here again!  They can't make me!"The buffet is full of whatever they can find that wont cost them too much.  Jello,  sushi made out of cream cheese, fried rice that's not actually fried - just mixed with yellow food coloring the best we can tell.  I ate a mislabeled shrimp wrapped in what I think was a chicken patty...only the shrimp hadn't been cleaned.  The chow main was made with spaghetti noodles.  The only items were eating were the egg rolls and banana halves rolled around in strawberry syrup, which I imagine came frozen.  Everything else is either stale, old, lukewarm, under-cooked, or questionably labeled.    A tray of shrimp in sauce were labeled "Pigs Feet" and left mostly untouched by the diners.  The last straw came when I sampled an empty cream puff.  (Though my boyfriends managed to get filling in it.)They didn't ask us if we enjoyed our meal when we paid.I imagine they don't really care."Don't worry honey,"  my boyfriend said on the ride home.  "If the spaghetti-mein was that slippery going down just think of how slippery it will be coming out."Oh no.
1	Please stay away from this place. It is absolutely HORRIBLE!!! I would rather go to Mcdonalds than this place. And I hate Mcdonalds!!!! Here is a short list what is edible in this restaurant.Edible items:1. Soft serve Icecream. Yes, I am serious.2. Plates, tables, and chairs. No, I am just kidding. NON EDIBLE ITEMS:1. Everything else except Icecream.
5	I love it so much, I want to marry it!
1	Went there tonight and it's closed by the health department for a fail on reinspection, GROSS
1	Ate there months ago will NEVER go back. I don't know how this place is still open. I found pieces of a roach in their sesame nut desert. They didn't even apologize. Oh and yup - they made me pay. The ladies room was disgusting. In all fairness I ate here sometime last year, started  this review, but never finished it. Diana L. glad to hear they're closed. They should stay closed.
2	This is probably the most sketchiest buffet I've ever been to. I was told it's $6 so hey why not try it?When you walk in you can already see how dirty this place is. Not a good first impression. Now the food. I'll give it to this place for having a decent variety in food but it looks and tastes like it's been sitting there all day. The rice, meats, and some seafood were hard and dry. The wet food items were sticky and smelled funny. The best things in this buffet are the ribs, chicken wings, and the egg drop soup. Their best is decent. Their soft served ice cream didn't even taste good. All I tasted was wet sugar. I'd only come here if I was insanely starving and only had $6.
2	Weekends are probably best the food stays freshly changed I notice. I would come here once a month Max. Cheap convenient and the food taste cheap
4	We had been craving seafood and were trying to find a cheap seafood buffet when we stumbled upon this buffet. I loved the sushi but the rice was really sticky and the rolls were huge which isn't a bad thing. My favorite thing at Chinese buffets is the homemade donuts but when my friends and I tried them they tasted fishy so we left them behind. Overall though the food was good and the price was reasonable.
1	Food was semi ok and they didn't refresh the trays of food as often as they should've but I guess for the cheap price that's the quality you get
1	Dirty, dirty, dirty. The health department should close this place down. My shoes were sticking to the floor.  Worst food ever too! Save your money.
4	I enjoyed the food and the selection.  Best $6 buffet ever. You know going to a $6 that the meat quality is going to be a little iffy and they need to be doing something to money money. I went to the buffet and felt like I was speaking like king. The food tasted great and had a variety of different flavors. I wish I lived by so i could hit them up more often.
2	The food here is way below par.about the only edible things are the hot and sour soup and fried rice. Go another half mile south to Padma express
3	Had lunch while visiting Spring Preserve. Good selection. Authentic Chinese. Kids like the selection. Good value for price. Chicken well done here.
