4	Solid neighborhood place serving good old school Chinese food in generous portions and with a surprisingly high level of service.Here it's all about the Mu Shu and the sizzling platters.  Flamingo Palace still provides old fashion table side service where the waitress plates the black pepper beef onto the hot cast iron platter right next you so you can see the steam and hear the dish sizzle.  The mu shu is also wrapped table side.Don't let the obscure corner location deter you.  The interior is much nicer (though a little worn) than the outside might suggest.Extra star for the service.
4	The Flamingo Palce has really good (non-chain) Chinese food.  I like the MuShu chicken and their orange beef.  The hot and sour soup is excellent as well.    The portions are generous and the service is prompt and efficient.The decor is well, Chinese Restaurant! but there are tablecloths and the seating is comfortable.They have good lunch specials for the $ but I like going for dinner as the menu has way more than the lunch items to explore.
4	Flamingo Palace is the closest thing to East Coast Chinese food I've found. The house chicken is super tasty and they have really yummy rice.Yes it's a little worn inside and that fish in the tank needs a bigger tank, but it's well worth a visit. Delivery was also very quick.
3	Flamingo Palace is a solid option when you're craving classic Chinese food.  I love the convenience of their delivery option (and their full menu is available at their web site).  They are very friendly and even though I don't order often (I swear, maybe once every couple of months), the delivery guy remembers me and is pleasant to chat with.My standby is the sweet & sour pork, broccoli beef and house fried rice.  That combo makes at least 3 meals, and I am a sucker for getting to eat cold leftovers out of the carton  :-)
4	I really like Flamingo. They have been here for 24 years. It must be good. The place is clean. Spic and span clean. I saw the waitress cleaning the salt and pepper shakers and the sugar container after every customer. WOWI had the lunch special Sesame Chicken... no crap chicken here. It was great. There was so much, I even took some home.
4	I've spent the past year on the hunt for good chinese food near my house. Flamingo Palace, while about six miles away, is good enough and close enough.The Hot and Sour Soup was more sour than hot - but not in a bad way. Pretty tasty. I also enjoyed the Tofu Vegetable Delight. The real standout, though, was the Flamingo Special Chicken. Loved it.Our waitress was nice, if a little off. She thanked us sheepishly every time we said that our food did, in fact, taste good. Kind of funny the first time. Weirder and weirder every time after.Time to reheat my leftovers.
3	The food was great and the price wasn't that bad.  There was a down side though.  I had my food delivered and they gave me beef broccoli instead of beef lo mein.  I called to get it straightened out and the lady tried to blame me for the mistake.  I don't even like broccoli or else I would have just tried it.  She said that she wrote down beef broccoli so that is what I must have ordered.  They are on their way back now it will take 40 more minutes to get my entree.  Somewhat understandable because they still need to make it.  Hopefully my future encounters will be better.
2	Highly disappointed.  After seeing the establishment for years, I finally decided to try it after reading the reviews.  I ordered the orange chicken, the Flamingo special chicken, the BBQ pork fried rice, and the fried wontons.  The Flamingo special chicken was an over-fried slice and diced chicken breast, so dry that it was almost like a greasy beef jerky.  The onion and garlic sauce served on the side tasted like a burnt soy sauce.  I had to soak the chicken in the sauce for 20 minutes to make it somewhat edible, but burnt beef jerky was not what I was hungry for.  The fried rice was ok, with nice pieces of traditional chinese BBQ pork.  The only problem was that it stuck together so much that the rice was more like a giant rice cake than fried rice.  I seems as thought the rice was pre-cooked way too long.  The fried wontons were your typical fried sheets of wonton wrapper with a sweet and sour sauce that tasted too much like ketchup.  The orange chicken was decent, with the sauce being very flavorful.  The chicken chunks were a good size, and of all the items, this was the most appetizing.  It was nice that the dishes came with white meat, and I was not charged additional for white meat like some other chinese restaurants in the area.
3	Finally decided to go here, after seeing the Flamingo sitting in the same spot for YEARS.This is your typical chinese place. It's not flashy, like PF Changs, which is a good thing in my eyes.The decor is what you would expect. Nothing flashy. Giant fish in a fish tank, that wanted to eat me.The food is where it gets a little sketchy. We started off with the PuPu Platter, which was tasty. Eggroll, Honey Crispy Chicken, steak skewers, and fried shrimp were all delicious. My house special chicken ( a breast with white/dark meat deep fried and served with a sweet-garlic sauce) was tasty, but rather greasy. Made for great leftovers! Sarah has the calamari, and that was a huge mistake. They kept on the filament  that exists on the calamari, and that made it incredibly chewy and hard. Blegh. Terrible.Service was great. But really, I've had much better, Abacus Inn is miles above Flamingo.
4	This place has really good food and great prices!  I haven't had a bad dish.  My favorite is the Singapore Rice Noodles! I order delivery from there about twice a week and I've always been very satisfied not to mention how quick they are to deliver!
4	My husband I moved into this area a little over a year ago.  Though there are plenty of restaurants (both fast food and sit down) in this neighborhood, we were hoping to find a good Chinese restaurant.  It took us almost an entire year to finally try out Flamingo Palace.  The first time we went was probably 2 months ago - since then, we've been back at least 6 times. The flamingo chicken (their speciality) is out of this world.  The crispiness of the chicken and the sauce that is used blend so well together.  I can't go to the restaurant without ordering this dish.  We've also tried their chow fun, seafood soup, sizzling rice soup, mongolian beef, walnut shrimp, house fried rice, crab puffs, wonton soup, and I can't think of the others - we haven't left disappointed with one dish just yet.  Though this Chinese restaurant charges more than your most ma/pa restaurants, it's still a pretty good deal considering how good the food is.Service is not bad at all.  They all are Chinese therefore have a very thick accent, but it's still understandable.  They are prompt and check on you often.  I am definitely a fan of this place!
4	this place reminds me of my first job, a hostess in a now closed chinese restaurant in chandler. everything was exactly the same - the teapots, the placemats ... ahhh, the memories. lunch specials were $5.95 and $6.95 and were a great value - they included the main course plus two wontons, soup OR salad, an egg roll and white or fried rice. everything was very clean and service was extra friendly and quick. drink refills were prompt. i ordered the flamingo special chicken and i couldn't believe the amount of food i received - double what i expected. the hot and sour soup was really good, and really hot with lots of tofu chunks. the flamingo chicken is fried chicken in a garlic and onion sauce ... yummy! like daren, i didn't find any crappy chicken in my dish either ... it was all white meat, not over fried or dry. i did not like the egg roll, but i rarely do - i think they taste like raisins a lot of the time. wontons were crispy and yummy and the rice was fresh. this is my new favorite chinese place for lunch. yay flamingo! keep in mind lunch specials are monday - friday only.
5	So we have been ordering Flamingo Palace for the last 15 years believe it or not! One of my first apartments was really close and I worked across the street. Once again I find myself nearby and I've probably had it once a month since I moved in April. I love the crab puffs, potstickers and hot & sour soup among plenty of other things here! Unfortunately my orders have to be without chicken, beef, or pork now but luckily they have lots of seafood and non meat options. This used to be our fancy Chinese food date place if you know what I mean ;) *winkface*When its rainy like it has been who wouldn't want some yummy soup delivered!?!? You can keep your Chino Bandido I will keep my Flamingo all to myself thx.
4	Almost a year to the date as my last review. funnyI took the family here for a late bit before heading home. The service is perfect, the place is clean, the food is good, the $ is great. What more can you ask for?
4	I didn't notice this place for a while since it's located in the back of a shopping plaza, but a friend told me about it so I gave it a try. I usually have a problem eating Asian food, but not at this place. The food is great and the prices are good. It was also nice to see an Asian restaurant that is run by Asian people for a change.
4	Flamingo Palace has a great online menu and ordering was very easy. Took my credit card over the phone and even though they said 30 minutes it took 45 minutes, but hey for great Chinese food I can wait an extra 15 minutes. The delivery driver was very nice and the food was still hot!We ordered:Vegetable Fried Rice- ExcellentSweet and Sour chicken- Very goodBroccoli Chicken- Very goodEgg rolls- GoodEgg Flower Soup (egg drop)- Good (but needed pepper)We will order from here again (and again, and again) in the future!
4	Being right up the street from our house, my fiance and I decided to give this place a shot one lazy night... the food was pretty good, the service was nice (although we got take-out, so didn't experience the wait staff). The restaurant was clean and didn't smell funny (an increasingly common attribute among Phoenix area chinese places). The chicken wasn't overcooked, the noodles were tasty, too. Not bad, Flamingo Palace, not bad.
3	Only did takeout so can't comment on the dine-in experience.  Food was hot when I picked it up and was fine.  We had beef broccoli, which I thought was bland, fried rice - which I didn't try but which the family devoured, crystal shrimp which was OK and the house special chicken.  The last dish looks like ordinary fried chicken breast, but the sauce for it was very complex and tasty, with scallion floating around in it.  Turned the plainest dish in the group into the best IMHO.Spring roll was fried and a 2 star at best.Overall, this is classic Chinese restaurant food and I would get it again.  But I won't be rushing back.
4	I usually just get take out from here, but we like the fact that they have vegetarian and seafood options.
3	Average.Typico.Meh.
4	My Hubby & I have ordered take out from FP at least 20-30 times since we moved nearby about 2 years ago. We have yet to actually go inside, maybe 1 day, but honestly when we are craving Chinese food it's usually because we are too lazy to cook/go out so delivery is always our go to option. Plus they have free delivery! We have ordered a variety of items from their menu but our favs are: cashew chicken (w/extra cashews), flamingo special chicken, egg fried rice, veggie chow mein, beef & broccoli & their egg rolls. You can't go wrong if you order any of them, yummy!! Love you long time FP! :)
4	First, this place has been around forever! That means it must be a good successful family owned place! Usual asian foods. I really like thier hunan beef, sometimes i do chicken instead. I give it 4 stars, because like other reviews, some of the items are bland, you just gotta know what to order!
3	I had lunch here.The staff were super friendly.The food needs improvement.The lunch specials are 5.95 for a cup of soup, springroll, fried wontons, fried/steamed rice, and your choice of specialty dish (about 10 to choose from).Flamingo specialty chicken was not too bad. slight hint of peanuts which I like.Saucy on the outside, some pieces are kind of dry inside.House special pork (ordered extra spicy)   not spicy at all   the sauce is very soy-saucy and nothing much else.fried rice... bland.the fried wontons were soggy and thick (nothing crispy about them at all),The spring rolls were too yucky for me.I think it was the seasoning of the stuff inside.The only good part about my meal was the sweet and sour soup.I had better soup, but it wasn't too bad.
3	I've been eating here for years off and on.  I used to live close by and went often.  The quality of the food started to go down and we stopped going.  Then they changed owners and it's ok to eat there again.  Flamingo Palace is just what you'd expect from a strip mall Chinese restaurant.  The food is so-so and the service is pretty good.  We really like the hot and sour soup and the Flamingo chicken.  I can say that through the many, many times that I've been to Flamingo I've never had an experience that made me NOT want to come back.
3	I have never been in the actual store. I always get delivery.  It's strictly one of those "I'm too lazy to cook and don't want pizza" type of places.  As far as delivery goes, it's usually pretty quick. The lady you order from is pretty abrupt but always gets my orders right. The delivery people are always really nice.As far as the food goes, it's not something I crave. I have had great hot and sour soup there!  Full of meat, tofu and spices!  There Kung Pao dishes are always hot and the meat is really good. I would not get the chow mein. It's really greasy and the broccoli tastes like kerosene!
5	This might be a star to high, but honestly when you can find good Chinese food that can deliver on a consistent basis. I will give it one higher. The food is always hot, even when we get it delivered. Now I am only a couple miles from the place, but still!. Other places Ive gone has horrible food and it was almost cold. Ive eaten in and always have gotten good service.I have tried several things on their menu- the special beef is awesome. The schezwan anything is good too. I really like the wonton soup. the potsickers are the best. I will of course be back and my search for great Chinese food is over.
3	Egg drop soup was great... Fast delivery... Friendly service...
2	i donno if i just didn't go in on a good day, but eh. We had ordered sichuan beef and general chicken...it tasted exactly the same. Salty and not spicy at all. Fried wontons I couldn't even chew.  The Lettuce wraps were ok...little bland. Only good thing that we ate all of was the hot and sour soup. Everything else we sadly threw away.
3	I ordered delivery from here last night although they took about 45minutes to get here, it was worth the wait. We ordered:Flamingo Special Chicken: Delicious, chicken was crunchy and juicy. Chicken Chow Mein: My son loved it he loves noodles and I tasted it it was tasty. Wonton Soup: Husband is a new yorker so he wasn't very impressed he thought the meat had too much fat still on it but thought it was okay. I'd give it 3 stars because they took so long and because my husband wasn't
4	TONS-O-SHRIMP!  And not the tiny popcorn-shrimp either.   I have been getting take-out here for over a year now, and I have been pleasantly surprised.   The shrimp chow-mein is always loaded with decent sized shrimp.   Everything else on the menu is fantastic as well.   They are not at all skimpy on the proteins like some places are.   I have yet to eat in the restaurant  since I pick up the food on my way home, but  I am sure it would be a fine place to take a date.
5	I have been eating at Flamingo Palace for at least a decade. It is my standard against which I judge other Chinese restaurants.The egg rolls are the best I've ever had.
5	I am giving Flamingo Palace 5 stars because they have the best food and service of any Chinese restaurant I've tried in Phoenix.  I like Bamboo House and Superdragon, too, but this is by far my favorite.My in-laws are Chinese food experts.  I never thought we could get them to like Chinese food in Phoenix as they are from New York, where good Chinese food lives.  But they love Flamingo Palace.  Every time they visit us, they ask to go there.I just had my book club there and they were so awesome!  We had heaps of food and each was better than the next.  Plus, the service was just amazing- this with 13 people in our group.  I had such a pleasant, stress-free experience.  They gladly substituted chicken for pork, and as other people have noted, their chicken is the good stuff.  Also, they are very generous with shrimp, meat, etc.People in my group actually ordered alcoholic drinks from their ample drink menu, which I've never really noticed before.  I'm not much of a drinker.  But everyone really enjoyed the plum wine.  It was pretty cool that they have some different things to offer than a lot of other Chinese restaurants.For example, try the house Flamingo chicken.  It is so good.  We wiped out their szechuan chicken, it was spicy and fantastic.  I also highly recommend their pu pu platter and spicy shrimp.  Yum!
2	In my ongoing search for great Chinese food in Phoenix this place is a speed bump
4	I've been searching for good Gemeral Tso's chicken for five years and this place has it! Meaty pieces of chicken, LIGHTLY breaded in a crispy batter with a spicy sauce. Delicious!
4	A lot of food for the money.  Their hot and sour soup is pretty good.  They offer a lot of variety and you definitely get more than your fair share.  Try them out.
2	No flavor in their food. The service was great but the food was disappointing.
4	Seemed better more for lunch than dinner (I've done both), however, really good food (not the standard from what one would usually expect at Chinese Food places in Phoenix) & excellent pricing considering the sheer AMOUNT of food they pile on your plate! Fed me for 2 days! Good place to bring your family, quiet date environment, & for a massive meal w/o breaking the bank. I have enjoyed the egg drop soup, orange chicken, beef & brocolli, crab puffs (w/ the hot mustard is delish!), etc... Seriously, they have the best food & wonderful  service of any Chinese restaurant I've had in the Valley! AND they deliver!!!
5	I went here an hour before closing time on a Sunday, and was thoroughly impressed.  Got the wor wonton soup, kung pao beef, and shrimp egg foo yung.  I hadn't had egg foo yung in years, and this dish was amazing!  All the dishes were delicious.  The veggies were perfectly cooked and still crunchy.  Nothing was overly salty or sweet -- just great balance.   And the staff are really friendly. Looks like I found a new favorite!
5	Excellent food, great service. I've been coming here for about 7 years, both dine in and take out, and have never been dissapointed. Everyone I take here (chinese friends included) are impressed with how good it is. Highly recommended
5	Food is very good, lunch specials affordable, and you can get an extra soup instead of the eggroll, which I prefer.
5	A buddy from work recommended this place, and I was skeptical, only because I am a "snob" when it comes to Chinese food... I am VERY picky.  The atmosphere is a bid old school, in a good way.  The waitresses have been extremely friendly every time I have been.Now lets talk food...I went with several buddies, so we decided to get several dishes and just slip them between us.  Their Flamingo Special Chicken is out of control good!  It's lightly breaded in a light sauce that has a hint of ginger and includes green onions... fantastic!  The Moo Goo Gai Pan is also great, awesome flavor.  The Sauteed Spicy Shrimp is absolutely delicious!!!  It's a red sauce, with kind of a vinegar and tomato flavor (not the best description, but trust me), and goes great on rice.  Finally the General Tso's Chicken is the best that I have had in Phoenix.The prices are very reasonable as well.  Usually $7-10 for a dinner portion that could feed 2 small eaters, or one of me.The bottom line is... bring some friends and go try it, I think you will be pleased!
5	When a place is done RIGHT they get 5 stars! FP is about a 4 star place, but there are several things that give them that bonus star...1. They have giant framed artwork, yes - with glass. As a photographer - I know what that costs, so anyone willing to spend $$ on glass that big gets a thumbs up.2. They have cool brass sculptures and other assorted Chinese decorations.3. They have DUCK! It's Crispy Duck, not Peking - but NOBODY in Phx has Peking Duck, right? Whatever...they have duck and it was served up nice and crisp with a hint of 5 spice. It wasn't even a problem that we were the first people in the doors at Noon (thats when they open on Sundays. Double Bonus Points.)4. They DO Mu Shu. Note: I didn't say they HAVE Mu Shu. The server does it old school and stuffs your pancakes right their, tableside with chopsticks. BAM. TRIPLE BONUS POINTS.5. They have old-school cocktails on the menu...like a Singapore Sling and Zombies. We didn't partake, but its cool that they have 'em!The food is good, the menu offers just about every variation of everything - chicken, pork, beef, lobster, scallops...however you want them...spicy, hot/sour, cashews, almonds...whatever. Prices are pretty good (really good if you hit it weekdays for lunch special - and lunch special includes General Tso's Chicken for fans of that! That's pretty rare. If I was a Tso fan, I'd double bonus point that - but, as you can tell - I'm a duck fan: so only single bonus points there.The hot tea was fresh and tasty. The servers are friendly, the food is quickly prepared. Even the takeout menu is really nice! Good glossy paper stock, nice graphic design, with flamingos watermarked into it. Well written, good layout. There you have it. Five freakin stars baby, coun't em. Attention to detail matters, restauranteurs! Brings you up a star in my book, and I know it counts with other Yelpers!
5	Fantastic American Chinese! The pou pou plater is practicly a meal @ $4.50/person. we order a bowl of soup and 2 entrees and were barely able to get onto the main dish. very good. 5 stars!
4	I'm three months pregnant and have been craving some good Chinese food! After looking on yelp, we decided on flamingo palace because it was close by and had good reviews. We were not disappointed. The food was fresh and delicious, and the service was very friendly. My favorite was the chicken chow mein, yum!
4	STILL HAPPY!!   The other day I ordered some Kung Pao shrimp and Shrimp Chow Mein for take out that was honestly dreadful.  I called the next day to complain and was asked what I wanted to do.  So the following day (two days after the original take out) I went back and got replacements for the original order.  They did not ask for a receipt, they did not ask for the original containers back,  ALL they wanted was for me to be a happy customer.  No surprise the food was delicious as always.   Every one has an off-day, it is how you react  that is what I look for.   I am honestly relieved that I can still recommend this place and have my old stand-by when I am in the mood for good Chinese food.   Good job guys!!!
4	Delicious
4	Put back into a corner its hard to find but well worth it cause the food is delicious
5	The food was AMAZING!!!!  I've had my share of bad Chinese but this isn't even close.  I placed my order for delivery and it arrived at the time they said and it was PIPING HOT!!!  Not lukewarm or just warm it was HOT!!I highly recommend the Flamingo Chicken.  It's a simple dish but the sauce that is served with it is amazing.  Also the House Special Chow Main is phenomenal.  It's not loaded up with a lot of filler.  It has appropriate portions of meat, veggies and noodles.  The Pork Fried Rice was little salty but with everything else it was still good.I have found my new Chinese Restaurant!!!!  After living in Seattle for over 20+ years this place can compete with the best one in Seattle.
4	Foods pretty good. The place is way outdated in my honest opinion and they should remodel but don't judge a book by its cover. My advice is to go between 11am and 3pm mon-fri.  For $5.95 you get the lunch special which includes a long list of main entrees that come with your choice of Hot & Sour or Egg Drop soup, rice, and Egg Rolls.  It's a smokin deal.
5	Don't let the decorations fool you... this place is AMAZING!!!Their Flamingo Chicken and their friend rice is EVERYTHING!! If you like soup, I suggest the sizzling soup. You can't go wrong here. HIGHLY recommended!
5	When I lived in Chicago, I felt like I was starved for good Chinese food in my neighborhood. I was close to Chinatown, but could never get organized enough to be the crowds.  But in Phoenix, I have Flamingo Palace. AND they deliver. What is it with delivery in Phoenix? When I'm lazy, I want food at my door. And I'd like to have more than pizza as an option. Anyway. I love their beef skewers and their moo shu pork. Their beef and broccoli is also yummy. I've tried lots of other things, but these are my favorite. And I think their chicken fried rice can cure the common cold.
5	We've been coming to Flamingo Palace for years and they are always just as good as we remember. Even my kids love this place, when we give them a choice to go out anywhere Flamingo Palace is always on the list.
4	Based on fellow yelper's ratings, we gave this place a try, it was good in parking, service, and quality of food. I think we found our new Chinese food restaurant. Thanks everyone.
2	Our granddaughter (she's 5) wanted Chinese food on New Year's Eve. We called and ordered to pick up. We got her fried shrimp and also ordered sweet and sour pork and teriyaki chicken. The shrimp was good, sweet and sour pork ok but the teriyaki chicken was definitely NOT chicken. I have no idea WHAT the meat was and needless to say we didn't eat it. We used to like Golden Wok when they were across the street and hoped this would be as good but I don't think we will be going back.
4	Probably one of the best Chinese restaurants I have been to in the greater Metro-Phx area.  The place has a old school look about it so look past the outdated decor and pink walls. Portion are just right. Prices were extremely reasonable considering the potions size you get. Services was excellent, timely, extremely courteous. Believe me, you will feel extremely satisfied when you leave.
5	I got the Flamingo Chicken and a Puu Puu plater and it was delicious! It was pretty reasonably priced and the sauce that came with the platter was fantastic. I also felt like I could run faster and jump higher after eating here as well. Strongly recommended!
4	I absolutely love this place. Just to give you a basis for comparison: I've eaten at most of the upper-end Chinese places throughout Central-to-North Phoenix, and this one is up there. The food is excellent; it used to be just pretty good, but I've noticed it getting better and better as of late. The hot-n-sour soup is ridiculously good, and if you like sweet Chinese, the Schezuan chicken is delicious. Portion-size is great for the price as well; I can usually feed my family of 4 for $40 or less, with enough left over to have for lunch the next day.
5	The Flamingo Palace is my favorite Asian food restaurant.  A great family atmosphere but also a great place for date night.  Great food at a great price, Check it out if your in the area!!
5	Tried several chinese restaurants in Phoenix and actually gave up trying to find a place I liked for the past 6 months or so because I so grossed out by every place I went.  THIS PLACE IS GREAT!! So glad I gave Flamingo Palace a try, the other reviewers were right!  The Flamingo Chicken special was VERY, VERY, VERY DELICIOUS!  It was hot, fresh, and just all around great.  Also tried an egg roll and a crab puff/rangoon, also pretty darn good.  Best chinese joint I've found and it's so close to my house I will definitely be returning!
4	This is kinda messed up because I really don't like take-out Chinese food, but for some reason I was craving it...oh yeah, I saw a commercial for an eg groll and that sounded so good! So we ordered from Flamingo Palace based upon Yelp reviews, and I have finally found a Chinese takeout place I love! My problem is that the sauce is usually way too heavy and salty. However, my chicken and broccoli dish was perfect, and my husband's Flamingo Palace Special was superb. The meat was high quality. They even have brown rice! The spring rolls were decent; a bit too dough for me. I would have liked more filling. Same with the egg rolls. But still...my fave Chinese takeout by far.
4	Their food is always wonderful and service is outstanding. I ordered Kung Pao two (chicken and shrimp).
1	The reviews on here are fake and written by the owners... The food here is not good at all and the staff are idiots. Never coming here again... Ever.
1	The crispy duck was aweful dry and all bones chopped up with little meat. The plum sauce was not helping. And the server argued with me that the crabmeat in the crab sauce was real when it was actually overpriced disgusting canned corn chowder with imitation crab. I should of listened to my fiance when he said this place was horrible. Yuck never again.
3	If you find yourself craving Chinese food and happen to be in the Moon Valley area at the time, this is a decent place to satisfy that craving. It's Americanized Chinese food, of course, as you would probably guess when you enter and note the old-time Chinese restaurant decor. But the dishes are nicely prepared, the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is very casual and relaxed.
4	I used to go here years ago with my family. I remembered it being good so I convinced my husband to go with me today.A-mazing! Better than I remember!   We shared puu puu platter.  That was just okay, nothing special.  Egg roll didn't have much flavor so I used some sauce.  But my dish?   Perfect!  I had Mongolian beef and it was just what I wanted.  Saucy, lots of green and white onions, but still had plenty of beef.  Hubby had mu shu pork.   Four generously stuffed Chinese creeps with their sauce.  He doesn't even like Chinese food and he liked this!  We ate an appetizer, two meals, plus two to-go boxes of left over for $30.   Great price for great food.  I will be back soon!
4	Well done (American) Chinese and not too heavy on the corn syrup/sweetness like some places. This is probably a 3 1/2 star place that gets the extra half-star based on limited good restaurants in the north phoenix area. Their mapo dofu is quite good, and so is the walnut shrimp, along with their house fried rice. Polite delivery drivers and prompt service. Never eaten at the restaurant but have been impressed that even when delivered the shrimp doesn't get overcooked/stringy during the delivery, but still arrives plenty hot.
4	Finally found a Chinese restaurant in my hood! We've ordered take out 4 times within the last 2 weeks if that give you any idea of how much I like this place. I don't know how, but the takeout food is still HOT once you get it home and start making your plate. I personally love this, because who wants to nuke something 20 mins after picking it up? Not meeeee. Quick service - take out was FAST and the restaurant was packed. Reasonable prices 7-12 range for dinner. LARGE servings (1 order of Cashew Chicken can be 2-3 meals for me. My husband more like 1-2 meals). We've been happy with everything we've ordered. Flamingo chicken is my hubs favorite, but we've also done chicken fried rice, egg friend rice, beef & broccoli, kung pao chicken and cashew chicken (mentioned above) and its all awesome. Except the Kung pao - but that's probably my fault because I asked them to not make it super spicy, as I'm not a fan and it was lacking flavor in general. (but like i said probably my own fault.) Can't wait to try more!
5	My family has been going to this location since they moved to Phoenix in the 70s. It has never failed to be one of the best Chinese restaurants in Phoenix! My best friend's families go there too, so you know the place is good! Some of the best dishes are Lemon Chicken, Cashew Chicken, Sweet and Sour Pork, Beef and Broccoli, General Tso's Chicken, low mien, fried rice, last but not least the egg rolls and crab puffs. I have yet to find a dish I don't like, but the above are my favorites. Lemon chicken especially, it's not too sweet like many lemon chicken dishes I have had. I have tried to copy cat this recipe myself and it never comes close. I usually get it too sweet. Whatever they do to make it just right, I'll never know!
5	By far and away my favorite Chinese restaurant. Friendly staff with great foot at a good value!! There crab wantons are out of this world!!!!
1	We decided to try this placed based on the good reviews here. It was awful. We ordered a few items from the menu for take out and we were truly disappointed.  The sauce did not come on the chicken and the chicken was EXTREMELY dry. We couldn't eat any of it.  Total waste of money.
3	I was kinda disappointed.  I think my expectations were too high based on other reviews and now I'm still searching for a go to Chinese place... For now its Dragon Bowl Inn..
1	I'm sorry but this place was awful. My boyfriend and I were very hopeful reading the reviews of others before we decided to try it out. First of all, the decor is awful and in desperate need of an update... From the pepto bismol walls to the green booths it's just not good... Food wise, we had the dinner combo of sizzling rice soup, pu pu platter (which tasted just like it sounds), and the flamingo chicken for the entree... It also came with fried rice and some other small shrimp dish which turned into a disgusting gelatinous goo (see uploaded picture)... The chicken had a nasty oily flavor to it like it had been fried too long and just doused in sauce to mask the flavor. The only decent thing we had was the fried rice which the rice was over cooked but ok... Service was mediocre... Our drinks NEVER got refilled and nothing but a sorry when they noticed we didn't eat hardly any of the food. $40 bucks later we left disappointed and disgusted. Never coming here again.
1	Our regular Chinese place was closed for the weekend, so my boyfriend, room mate and I tried Flamingo Fallace.. Literally wish I went to sleep for the night instead. First I specifically ordered cream cheese crab puffs and when I noticed I received just regular fried wontons I became annoyed. And after I tried my orange chicken I was less than happy. My boyfriend's chicken fried rice tasted as if it had been sitting for hours.. Definitely not fresh, or remotely close. My roommates sesame chicken tasted & looked the same, awful. When I brought the food back 3 asian women were waiting to confront me, heated more than I was. I started to explain that the food was terrible and i'd like a full refund. One woman became defensive and interrupted me before I could even tell her what was wrong. She would not listen to me because i "didn't even try the rice" as if the old fried rice was about to change my mind on a $45 order of shit. I was appalled with how this woman talked to me and how she tried to make ME feel bad because I didn't like the food. Even after only eating 1/5 of my orange chicken I was sick through out the night and the next morning with diarrhea and nausea. Sorry if it's too much info but I thought I'd be honest and save you the pain and suffering of eating this terrible food. Do yourself a favor and try somewhere else. Noodles & Rice is way cheaper and a million times better. YOU ARE WELCOME!
2	I was tempted to go with a one star on this one, but I finished SOME of my dinner.  We ordered delivery from this place tonight and it was pretty awful. The delivery driver was super nice, but it was all downhill from there. We ordered egg rolls, hot and sour soup, General Tso's chicken and vegetable chow mein. The egg rolls were fine, nothing exciting. Good crispy wrapper, not over-fried, with a flavorful inside. According to my BF the hot and sour soup was great. However, the entrees were really terrible. The General Tso had no spiciness at all and the sauce was very gelatinous. It was almost more like a hot and sour sauce, with almost a ketchup-y aftertaste. The breading was soft and mushy (which I guess is to be expected for delivery) but the chicken inside was super yucky. WAY overcooked, rubbery nuggets of chewy dried out chicken. I ate about three small bites and gave up. It was probably the worst GTC I ever had. And I've eaten a lot of bad General Tso's Chicken. The chow mein was edible but not what I would call good. It was almost flavorless. The veggies were ok and had more flavor than the noodles, but overall it was little more than something to chew and swallow, not really enjoy.  I definitely wouldn't try this place again. I guess the quest for decent Chinese food delivery continues.
3	2.5 StarsCraving some Chinese and don't know of any places around here that were suitable, so we ventured out of the box and tried Flamingo Palace after reviewing YELP of course.1. The decor and etc has 0 to do with ANY review I give unless it is pure filth, so this place was Clean and I didn't see any reason to adjust my review for that. I also did not get a Salad and downgrade a review for Salads, I try to review on the main staple of any restaurant we go to.. And now for my take.. Ordered the Pork Chow / Mein. (Lunch Special) Entree = 3 stars. and would go back for that. Side Dishes:Egg Drop soup or Flour Soup - Was actually Really good, nice Flavor without being Scorching hot.Fried Rice - Dry no real flavor, and couldn't tell the type of actual rice it was.Egg Roll - Very ehhh , one bite n that was it,, no second chance,, the dipping sauce / duck sauce or whatever was WAY too sweet, kinda like dumping Jello mix in your mouth sweet... Yeah, I've done that before :DWould I Go back ? Yes when in area since nothing else I know of would suffice for an Entree,,,, Would i travel over 2 miles to go there? No. Would I recommend this place? No. Any suggestions? Add flavor to more than Entree, make Fresh Egg Rolls, and Anyone going here, skip the lunch special and just order the Dish you want .. there is enough for take out, as the plates are huge.. Enjoy !!
5	Wonderful service.   Very clean restaurant.   Food was fantastic!   Definitely a permanent customer.
4	This place is one of the best Chinese food restaurants in the area. In my opinion, the atmosphere is a little janky, I prefer to just get everything in takeout, but the foo quality definitely excels. They deliver and you can even order via online. The food is reasonably priced AND is delivered PIPPING hot. I love the wonton soup and their BBQ pork chow mein. The only thing I wasn't really fond of was the house special chicken, it was REALLY dry. I'm wanting to try it again just because the sauce was amazing.
5	The Singapore rice noodles are so splendid that I would willingly repeat the two-hours-plus round-trip on the bus required to dine here.The chile in the noodles is properly deployed to kick you into the early parts if next week without destroying your taste buds. The shrimps are just-cooked, not mealy. The fried egg is soft and has absorbed the sauce. If I made fried egg that good at home, I would be a fried egg maestro. The pork is the proper red kind. Ordinarily, I would try to get two meals out of this, but it clearly called for living in the moment. (And at under $10, it's plenty economical as one meal.)The decor is straight out of 1987, which is usually a warning sign for Phoenix non-natives, but 1987 was apparently a fantastic year for Chinese food. Service does what it's supposed to do; the plum wine pour is generous; and the packages fortune cookie is neither stale nor inane. Just getting a fresh fortune cookie is splendid.
4	The flamingo chicken and street noodles are amazing! My picky mother (from NC) even ate seconds of the flamingo chicken. Sesame chicken...eh. I'll have to find another place for that.
1	Anyone who rates this 4 stars is an idiot. I probably would have given it 2 stars based on the fact, that they serve the exact same generic Chinese as everyone else. But then add in the "cheap factor". I ordered a ton of food, and your delivery driver (whom I tipped) doesn't even give a single packet of soy sauce!!! Really??? Well on the plus side, I won't throw my money down the toilet with this company again
2	This place is really worthy of 2.5 stars, as it's passable, neither good nor bad. I ordered the General Tso's chicken dinner portion, and while the portion size was decent, both the rice and the chicken were about as bland (and overcooked) as one could get. It didn't taste "bad" by any means, but if given the choice, I would order from some place else.
1	Mediocre would be the apt word to describe food at Flamingo Palace. I'm baffled as to why this place has glowing reviews.  Tried the Twice Cooked Pork, Flamingo Special Chicken, Szechwan Chicken (it's Flamingo Special Chicken with a different sauce) and some Chicken Fried Rice on different occasions, and all four were average -nothing great.  In fact, I would get my money's worth at Pei Wei or Panda Express. This place should be avoided at all costs.
1	Well I tried this place for the 1st time.. and I have to say.. crab puff.. good... dumplings.. good.. eggrolls.. not so good.. $37 take out order including tip NOT WORTH IT.. I couldn't even eat the szechaun shrimp and scallops.. HORRIBLE.. I had 2 bites and I was nervous to eat the rest cause there was a funny taste.. nothing like szechaun I have ever had ever.. no veggies.. just juice and prob 10 shrimp and 6 scallops in a big container of juice. Sooo I guess I will continue to search for a good chinese restaurant in phoenix.
5	Love this place. The decor needs an update but the staff is super sweet and prompt. Crab puffs are always out quick but when we are in the mood for pot stickers there is a wait as they make them fresh.  Very worth the wait. Kung Pao Beef is my fav!  Enjoy!
4	Good service great egg rolls, good dumplings, pepper beef was my main Meal which was the first time I had it so I have nothing to compare it too but very yummy! Soup they actually made mine special since I can't eat shrimp.  So they earn my future business. I'm pretty sure this is a family own business. They restaurant is outdated and needs TLC. That's really the only things that might be an issue with your experience.
4	it's the only chinese food place near our house in the eat24 app so i wanted to try it the other nite. collectively, my husband and i ordered the pot stickers/dumplings/peking raviolis (it has so many names but it's soooo good! and a def staple for me anytime i have chinese food), wor wonton soup (everywhere does it diff so it's iffy if it's done right to my standards), house special fried rice, and general tso's chicken. we were worried at first abt the timing of when we'd receive the delivery cuz eat24 claimed it could be up to 150 mins, but instead it was more like 30ish mins thankfully lol.. we were starving that nite, and the FP's chinese food hit the spot :) the potstickers for sure were beyond awesome and prob one of the better versions since i moved here from boston. the wor wonton soup was pretty dang good too honestly. the house special fried rice was a tad bland tho for some reason but still worth eating. and my husband is extremely picky abt the general tso's chicken, and he was ultimately impressed w/ FP's version and would order it again. if the fried rice hadn't been a tad bland, i would've given 5 stars lol.
2	It was good! But the wonton ooOomg there was nothing inside and I called the restaurant and the lady said there was only Tiiiiiiiny tiny bits of chicken! LOL Wich is a lie cos there was none!!! Why Lie?
4	Great food & great service. We ordered delivery and when it arrived half of the sauce for the chicken had spilled in the bag. The man felt so bad and kept asking if it was ok. I wasn't bothered by it and said it was fine. About 5 min later we received a call from the restaurant apologizing and said they were going to deliver our meal again. I explained it was fine and they insisted at least bringing more chicken. Shortly after the man arrived again with a fresh order of hot chicken. I was very pleased with their service & the food tasted great! Awesome experience.
4	This is the best chinese restaurant we've been to.  You really cannot go wrong.  The lunch special's are worth the money.  $6.45 plus drink.
1	I liked the food the two times I've eaten there. I tried to order food to go. I am only one person so I don't want to order $20.00 worth of food. Why can't I just order what I want??? I would of picked it up but they will not sell a bowl of soup smaller than  32 ounces. Why can't you just sell a half bowl??? Oh well there are a lot of other places to go.
4	A (pink) little gem!We found this place on Yelp and decided to try it out based on the reviews. We have been back 4 times since! When we are in the mood to go and sit and relax and enjoy a nice Chinese meal - this is where we go. The place is definitely dated, but it has it's charm. Its "Flamingo Palace", so of course it has to be pink. And it definitely is. It takes me back to various Chinese Restaurants we frequented as a kid in the 80's, so there's some comfy nostalgia to go with your Chinese comfort food. Every time we go, we are greeted and seated promptly and by the same two people, a young hostess/busser and then a woman whom we believe to be the owner. Overhearing some other restaurant patrons, "she is always here". Though the place does seem a bit dated and not much effort has been put into updates, you can tell everyone takes pride in their service and the food. We always order the potstickers, and she always politely reminds us that they are cooked to order and will take 15 minutes. We don't care, they are delicious and Zach will often keep the dipping sauce to use on the rest of his meal - it's that good. We also always order the Flamingo Palace Special Chicken - it's also just that good. Then we get a variety of other things based on mood. We have really never been disappointed with what we have ordered, but we don't branch out that much here either. I wouldn't say this place is all that different in preparation of the common dishes, not to call it 'basic', but it definitely ranks higher in the quality and freshness category in comparison to many of their competitors here in the Valley that serve stale, old, soggy food. (One tid-bit of constructive crticism - the dining room could use a regualr dusting and maybe even a spot-painting of the walls. It's not nasty, but I could see how many could be really put off on returning.)We appreciate you Flamingo Palace!
4	The food is good, the prices are very reasonable.  The atmosphere is good and the service is good.  We had the house style special pork (very good), black pepper beef (also very good) and happy family (which was okay).  The American beer selection is mediocre and the Asian predictable.  I think they should add craft beers, in particular an IPA.However, I would definitely recommend Flamingo Palace.  Very good value and good food.
2	this place is easy overated!!!all of u should try Little Pekins by the 51fwy and Shea..
5	Foods always great. Love the pork fried rice/ sweet and sour pork. Order delivery from them a couple times a week.
4	egg drop is good and the jasmine tea is good too. Sesame chicken is good! It's ok here had better in NYC Chinatown
2	We ordered takeout from Flamingo Palace last night and it wasn't very good. The Broccoli Beef smelled funny to me so I didn't try it. The Sesame Chicken was ok, but didn't stand out. Neither did the General Tso Chicken. Both fried chicken dishes were extremely soggy, but I guess that's expected for most takeout. White rice was a tad bit hard. Egg rolls were good though. It makes me a little sad to say that Panda Express has the best Chinese food in the immediate area. I wish Shangri-La would open a location on this side of town.
5	Situated in a back corner of a strip mall with door angled in such a way as to easily mislead customers into believing this delightful palace is closed . Once inside the diner finds a pleasant ambiance suffused with soft pink and a cross between teal and evergreen. Also readily apparent is the friendly serving staff. Better than the setting is the great food. The seasonings are strong yet well layered. The ingredients are properly prepared with vegetable that have retained their crispness and flavor. There is no skimping on portions; be prepared to bring home the extras. Special mention should be made of two often overlooked parts of a great meal. This place serves really good tea and absolutely outstanding mustard.
1	Unfortunately the woman who was taking my order over the phone was so rude I had to order from somewhere else & I was never able to try the food.
5	Flamingo Special is my favorite! It reminds me of the twice cooked chicken I would get from the old ChinesePlace that use to be outside Metro Center as I grew up. Shrimp fried rice is yummy!! Just quit getting my to go order wrong.
