4	After having surgery I have to say I was generally pleased with Hospital. They had some really awesome nurses who seemed to really care and want to do what was best and some who just did their job. ( kinda like life right) I liked that they were so kind to my family who stayed with me , they were very accommodating to my family staying all night and helped them out as much as possible.The rooms are small but you are by yourself which  liked.  They surgery center did a good job with my stay and admission.
5	My wife had our daughter here a year ago. They were great and took the best care of us that you could ever imagine. They even had a nurse install our car seat for us... Very impressive staff in the maternity ward....
4	I had major spinal surgery here in February 2010. The care was wonderful, personalized care and very attentive floor and dietary staff.
2	ok here is my story:  one evening i start getting some chest pains.  i tried tums, ect.  nothing helped.  aftera  couple of hours, my husband insists on taking me to the closest ER.  we go in, they take my information and we wait.  and wait.  they take my blood.  we wait. they get a chest xray.  we wait.  they do an ekg.  we wait.   oh did i mention that the ER was virtually deserted?  two other people came in while we were waiting.  i finally get back to a room, where i am told that they do all the testing before the patient see the dr so the dr can be fully informed.  while this makes sense, when the patient is a mid 40's women with chest pains.....does it really make sense?   anyway i finally get to see a dr. i give my medical history for the 3rd time.  the nurse gives me morphine and nitro then leaves.  after awhile, i start to feel bad. real bad.  i hit my 'call' button several times and NO ONE responds. i pass out and start seizing; luckily my husband was with me and runs into the hall yelling for help.  (so he tells me; i can't vouch for it since i was out of it).  i wake up to a dr thumping my chest saying 'ok we got her back, there she is'.  DAMN!   turns out they gave me a combination of meds that caused my BP to drop so low that i damn near died.  if my husband hadn't been there i would have died since NO ONE responded to the call button. then they decide gee guess we better keep her overnight just in case. meanwhile, my pain is still there. it feels like a steel band is around my chest. the admitting dr is someone else entirely and again i have to give my medical history.  do these people not talk to each other?so i go from there to the observation unit were the nurses were terrific.  couldn't ask for better care--charity, denise, jan, ect they were all wonderful.   i had a ct scan, an ultrasound, cardio enyzemes, and no sleep.  i finally get to check out @ 12 on 6/14.  today i get the bill for it.  i was there for about 12 hours, they damn near killed me, i had 1 xray, 1 ct, 1ultrasound, various blood draws, 3 morphine shots and 3 blood draws.  oh and lets not forget the wonderful breakfast.   all this comes to a total of ..........(drum roll please) $16,300.00.    and they have no idea what was causing the chest pain and recommend.............. further testing.next time maybe i will try john c lincoln.
3	Mom came in by ambulance on Friday with a fractured femer on the left leg where her prior hip repleacement from 2005 had taken the hit from her fall. The old hip was removed and a new hip with a longer leg shaft was inserted. She has been out of it for several days but Wednesday she finally walked and Thursday she was more herself again. The food has been good for hospital food and the nurses have been wonderful. No one enjoys waiting around the ER or waiting for tests and all of the other things that happen in a hospital. But this is a very nice facility and staff. And believe me with Dad having a stroke and various surgeries and Mom being the $6million woman with this her 6th major surgery I have experienced lots of hospitals!
4	My wife and I took our 5 1/2 month old to their ER one Sunday morning with a high fever and bad congestion.  The admit process was exceptional fast and friendly! Once they took him back the high quality care continued straight through.  Everyone told us their name and what they came into his room for.  In about half the time I had expected, we were on our way.  You never want to take your little boy to the ER, but Banner Thunderbird made it smooth and reassuring!
4	Came here because my niece was having her baby girl on june 4th. All of the nurses were very accomodating and nice in the delivery room. Especially this one nurse whose name is Jerri. She was the nicest and sweetest of all the nurses. She was very experienced as you can tell she has been doing her job for a very long time. But she also seemed like she still loves what she does a great deal. She put my niece very much at ease during and after the pregnancy. The hospital wasn't a madhouse either which is good. Everyone was very professional yet very flexible at the same time. Everybody who was not in the delivery room had to go into the waiting room. I snuck back in and put my ear to the door so I could hear the delivery and they never said anything. And there was a big sign next to my head that said "go to the waiting room. no waiting allowed in the halls" The only thing I didn't like was they didn't have little mitts for the babies hands to prevent her from scratching her eyes which she did a couple times. Had to run to the store afterwards to go get some. But besides that Banner Thunderbird is a very well operated hospital. And the cafeteria got some pretty good stuff.
5	I gave birth to both of my sons at this hospital, first time 10 years ago, 2nd time was last Saturday. Both experiences were top notch but I will focus more on my 2nd experience since it is more fresh in my mind although both experiences were 5-star!I had a scheduled C-section set up and received excellent pre-operative information from the hospital to prepare for the procedure. The check-in process was very well handled and all of my paperwork was already received, documented, and ready to go prior to our arrival. The surgical staff greeted me warmly and made me feel very at ease with the process. My husband and older son were both allowed to stay with me while we waited for the procedure time and my husband and son were both allowed to stay in the holding area while I had the procedure as well as welcome to join the nurses in the nursery when our baby was born. My husband is squeemish so he wasn't in the room with me during the procedure and never once did anyone make him feel bad about his preference. I was allowed to bring my own CD to play music while my baby was being born and one of the nurses took photos immediately after my baby was born. The staff was kind, caring, and very professional the whole way through.After the procedure and my arrival to my room, I was greeted and cared for by caring, professional aides and nurses the entire 3 days I spent at the hospital. The staff treated me like a friend or even a family member during my stay. I was fortunate enough to have a corner room which was enormous...which is good as we had a lot of visitors. There was no request too big or too small for the staff to handle and even during times when my care was a bit on the gross side, I was always treated professionally and with the utmost kindness. My baby was treated just like he was a member of the nurse's family and the staff never did anything with him without ensuring that I was very aware of exactly what, who, where, when, and how with my baby's care. Surprisingly, the FOOD at the hospital was EXCELLENT. I don't know if other hospitals do this, but basically, food service is treated like room service. You call down to the cafeteria, place your order, and within 45 minutes, your food is brought right to your room. The food doesn't taste industrial...it's fresh, hot, and surprisingly good. I was very impressed. I would and have recommended this hospital to my pregnant friends and I'm so glad that I chose Banner Thunderbird as my hospital of choice to give birth to my kids. Thank you Banner Thunderbird for the outstanding care and for making the birth of my children special and memorable.
5	We have had two kids born here and both times were memorable experiences of course.  The staff here is fantastic and I would highly recommend this hospital to anyone looking for high quality care from people with some compassion.
5	I didn't expect to have to visit Banner Thunderbird again so soon after the birth of my son on 7/16 but an emergency arose that caused us to have to return with him. The pediatric ER was FANTASTIC. They made us feel at ease, were prompt with their care of our baby, and provided answers quickly with what our next steps were. Ultimately, we had to stay overnight and stayed in the pediatric unit with our baby so here is part 2 of our visit....The Peds unit is OUTSTANDING. Our nurses, Robyn and Jamie, were kind, understanding, and very professional. We were treated like friends rather than just patients. Our pediatricians during our stay was professional, nurturing, and didn't allow us to beat ourselves up over our baby's issue. But the best part of our visit was our tech, Mary. She treated our baby like he was one of her own kids and she treated us like royalty while we were there. Though I'm not looking forward to having to go back to the hospital, I know that when I do have to go back, I will receive excellent, high quality, nurturing care from Banner Thunderbird Medical Center.
2	BTMC is too busy and gets pretty swamped which I think explains why your experience here may be touch and go.   The employees here are just too stressed out at times.  My family has gone to BTMC over the years as it is centrally located for the NW valley and even parts of the west valley. The pediatric ER was fantastic as one mentioned earlier.  The psychiatric ER is great as well.My last experience there ( March 2011 ) was pleasant considering I was very intoxicated but not belligerent but I have diabetes so acourse my sugar level was off the hook so I told my wife if I ever get crazy intoxicated ( doesn't happen often ) make sure you take me to the ER.  Nonetheless, they took good care of me.The most recent experience ( Feb 2012 ) my blood pressure and blood sugar was extremely high and just would not go down ( no I wasn't drinking LOL ) so I called my doctor and he said go to the ER.The receptionist had an attitude and was really irritating me.  They did an EKG and back to waiting room.  Chest X Ray and back to waiting room.  The ER did not appear to be busy so I was like WTF is taking so long to get a room ?Finally, after the receptionist frustrated me enough I decided to check myself out because obviously, at least it seemed anyway, my blood pressure and sugar level being extremely high was not much concern I said screw it I will just go home.Luckily, there were no further consequences from the high blood pressure / sugar.So again, not a horrible hospital just expect touch and go service.
1	THUNDERBIRD HOSPITAL: So I tried to dispute a bill with this hospital because they charged me for something I didnt ask for or need and I actually ended up going to the Arrowhead Hospital for treatment for Asthma/Pneumonia. They bascially said we dont allow you to dispute. So whatever they feel like charging you...thats it! GO THERE AT YOUR OWN RISK....I will NEVER go to that hospital again if I have any say that is
4	This will be a weird review.At 11PM Monday night, I awoke with a stabbing pain in my side and knowing the pain before I knew it was the almighty kidney stone.  I had one about 10 years ago so I knew the pain.I took a shower hoping to relieve the pain, but this time it was a bit worse.  After getting out of the shower, I got dressed and headed to the ER.  It was about 11:30PM.  I dont know.. but for some reason, im thinking "Oh it's 11:30PM, there shouldnt be many in the waiting room..." WRONG.  You would have thought this was Denny's at 3AM.   I counted about 25 in the room.  With half of them being patients.  I checked in and waited.That's when the pain just started going full force.  There's nothing I could do but grab my stomach and cringe. I was in so much pain, tears were streaming down my face, Im making weird noises I usually dont make and i was just a mess.  I stand up and ask the girl at the desk if there's anyway I can be seen quicker.  A nurse comes out and starts to apologize for the wait and tells me there are others in just as much pain.  I look around and back to her and say "Are you kidding??  They are just sitting and starring at the wall...Im dying here!"    She apologizes again.Two hours go by.. I have a CT scan done to confirm a kidney stone..  IM still in pain.  Agonizing pain to be honest.After going back to sit, I find myself in a spot where Im not in pain. I sit there and think "Did I pass it??"  I was no longer in pain.. I was no among the people starring at the wall blankly.  The nurse finally called me in and moved me to a room.  I was checked out and then sent over to another waiting room area.   This is where it gets good.. The nurse staff and doctors were nothing but awesome and kind.  Anything I needed they took care of.  Seeing that I would likely be here all night, they wanted to make my stay a good one.So while it sucked to be in pain, the staff at BTSMC was great.
4	I've got a 2 part review here based on birthing my lovely baby in July of 2012-here goes.Part one:Hospitals in AZ are very different than NJ hospitals. I am pretty amazed at the lack of security. Back home..you cant cross any point of a hospital without a visitor pass. I've been to 3 hospitals here, and no one needs a pass to get anywhere. I find it weird, but alas..this really is just a quick observation at the ease of getting into hospital rooms in this state.Anyway..back to my review!Banner Thunderbird was pretty awesome. I took a tour of the birth facilities during my pregnancy and was at ease immediately. Clean and sparkly, without it feeling like a sterile ugly hospital. The tour clearly explained every aspect from checking in, to where you go at each stage, and included tours of the rooms, OR, etc. We were also encouraged to go online and view the classes they offered-I chose a breastfeeding class-which again, was super helpful.Part two:In general, I can't say enough about the amazing nursing staff at Banner, all for the exception of one lousy nurse. This is why I can't give it 5 stars. That one terrible nurse, ruined my experience so badly, I wanted to leave, IMMEDIATELY. I'll get to that.I was induced because I have a lazy baby who was far too comfortable in my womb.Every single nurse in the labor area was superb. every single step was explained to me in detail..all my needs were cared for..I was made comfortable in every way possible.The anesthesiologists that cared for me were also superb..explaining everything in detail. My husband received a great deal of attention after our delivery with the nursing staff..again, fantastic, fantastic care.Piper, who was one of my nurses in the maternity area after our munchkin arrived was fantastic..I can't say enough about how much she took care of me.Great nurse!!So, on day 4 of my stay (I had a c-section..bah)..anyway..I had a super inconsiderate nurse. WHo scolded me for not nursing enough. Who NEVER recommended I see the lactation specialist, never provided me with the proper care to ensure i was nursing correctly. Other than to yell at me and say "you are not feeding the baby enough". I was LIVID I wanted out..immediately.I think I remember her name, but in my anger, and drug induced foggy brain, I can't say for sure, or else I would have written a letter of complaint.IN SHORT.Yes, I loved the hospital..it was a great experience overall, for the exception of one idiotic nurse.If I had to suggest something for them to fix immediately..offer lactation care to every breast feeding mother. We shouldn't have to "tell" you to do that. Your caring for ME..I just sprung a baby from my loins..help a girl out.
5	Great hospital the nurses were the best.  Our daughter was born here recently and we have no complaints.  I do wish the Mongolian BBQ that is offered in the cafeteria was better though.  It was prepared with the thinnest single slice of lunch meat chicken and then after a few bites I found it so unappetizing that I just threw it away.  But you don't go to a hospital for the food, and that's why I rate it five stars.
4	I hadn't been to this hospital since my cousin had a baby here almost 10 years ago.  At that time there was a lot of construction going on.  I am happy to say that the construction is over.  Pros:Amazing M.D.s and R.N.scleanmodernfree covered parkingplenty of quiet places to grab a moment aloneCons:There are a few people working in the CVICU that have terrible attitudes and are fantastic at treating people like shit.
5	Had outpatient surgery recently in the Outpatient Surgicenter located right adjacent to the hospital. Lovely staff, clean facility, took me on time....couldn't have asked for a better experience! Always feel well cared for when I've had to utilize this facility.
2	Well this review is for scheduling and labor & delivery. I had the most stressful experience trying to figure out when I was supposed to be there. One person called and said I needed to go in at  4 am and the other said they no longer schedule inductions so they just call you whenever. There is no estimate or anything. My estimate was thursday to monday some time. With a husband who works this was frustrating because we have to give a little notice before he comes home. The hospital wasn't helpful at all and it was very disappointing as a first time parent to try and figure out what we were supposed to do.  I was very excited when I chose this hospital and now I'm just disappointed.
1	I know it depends who you get, but this is worst hospital service ever. It took they forever or non when I push help button.
5	Banner Thunderbird is, hands down, the best hospital I have been to in the Phoenix area. Chandler Regional is a close second. The grounds and architecture are lovely, and just about all of the staff--from doctors to techs to janitors--are extremely warm and friendly.I have been to the ER once and was treated with the utmost of concern and kindness. My doctor and nurse were thoroughly invested in helping me. I was actually amazed. As a chronically ill person, I experience a lot of interaction with medical professionals, and it seems that most are jaded against AHCCCS patients, and treat us like second class citizens. This was not the case at Banner Thunderbird.I am now going through aquatic therapy with the outpatient department, and I have been once again impressed by the kindness and empathy that is extended to me. I have not noticed a change since I began, but the sessions themselves are tremendously relieving. I'm grateful there is a place in Phoenix that operates with this kind of integrity.
3	Unfortunately, my father has had a few emergencies relating to his heart/lungs. Most recently, he stayed at this hospital. I absolutely loved the nurse (forget her name). She was very attentive and caring, even though she obviously had to care for many other patients.I was disappointed in the doctors, however. My father's ailment was in relation to his diet. In addition, my father has diabetes. In this kind of situation, I would think a nutritionist or dietician would be sent to speak with the patient about what kinds of things would be best for them to eat, especially since poor nutrition choices are a big part of the issue.Overall, this is a nice, clean hospital with a *mostly* diligent staff who care about the patients.
3	In all sincerity, God forbid you end up in the deluxe accommodations in this hotel of healing, or end up here on a stressful journey to see a loved one.  I heard nothing but compliments, was treated excellently by the helpful volunteers, and would have likely eaten in the cafeteria after the compliments paid the food.  I cannot judge anything else, so it's three stars only.  I do not plan or wish for the five star treatment here.
1	This hospital is a joke! I took my bestfriend to the ER and they took an hour to get her in the back while 2 patients sat in the waiting center and 20 nurses sat on their asses chatting about nothing. When we finally got to the back, Dr. Kaufman (btw he won't do anything for you!) questioned her and said he might not be able to find anything. I told him that she had high anxiety along with suicidal thoughts and I didn't want her leaving the hospital without some sort of anxiety medicine. He gave me a HUGE attitude and told me to let him do his job, which he wasn't! I then told him to do his job and stop giving attitude. He'd rather sit here and argue back and forth so I told him that if she leaves here and commits suicide that it's his fault. Funny thing is, he said it wouldn't be his fault and that he could have thrown me out because our conversation was going nowhere. He has no justification in throwing me out for being concerned! I'd be understandable if I shouted foul language his way, but I didn't and he acted like a child by running to get security. I asked the security officer for the doctors fist name and he told me NO or else he'd have to escort me out! Are you kidding me right now!!! Worst doctor ever!!!! Actually Banner is known for useless, lazy, and inconsiderate employees! I've never been to a worse facilitation! They also gave her morphine while she had alcohol in her system!! I'll be speaking with a lawyer. Banner should be used to it after being sued over 143 times this year! Pathetic!
5	I will have to admit that when I was scheduled for back surgery and had to go out to Thunderbird Medical I had my concerns. My doctor (Spinal Surgeon) works out of the Phoenix hospital and thunderbird. This hospital was extremely clean and the staff couldn't have been nicer and more professional. I would recommend this hospital over most of the others in the valley. The only downside I would day is the the food could be better but that kind of goes with most hospitals.
