3	This is a great little neighborhood bar, my brother, sister and I have started to make a habit of stopping by Le Diable a Quatre for drinks and a quick bite to eat on Fridays after work.  The food here is pretty good, I can't say I've had a full meal here but if the appetizers are any indication the main courses must be good. Next time I go for drinks with the famdamnly I'll make it a point to stay for dinner and update my review then.Le Diable a Quatre has a nice local pub feel to it and that feeling is conveyed by the staff. They are all friendly and somewhat informal, like you were walking into a buddies place. I felt right at home, the waitress seated us at a table and was back to take our drink order within a few minute and our food order right after dropping off our drinks. The food was on the table as soon as it was ready and every time we needed  something like more water or extra serviette's all we had to do was look around and someone was there. The reason I'm giving them only three stars instead of four is due to the fact that they don't seem to have set opening hours, it's happened on more then one occasion that I've wanted to grab a drink after climbing at Allez-up and they were closed or they had rented the place out to groups for the night and weren't accepting clients. I know it's not a major thing but it's an irritant when you get to a bar at 9:00 and their closed or turn you away. But other then that it's a nice place for a 5@7.
4	We just started investigating the pubs and cafes on the way between Allez-Up and the metro, and thanks to JF's review this was our first stop. The bar doesn't look like much on the outside, but inside it's all tasteful wood, leather booths, big windows, clean and nice looking bathrooms. We got there in time for 5a7 and sidled up to the bar, enjoyed our rapidly delivered $5 pints and resisted the urge to go swimming in the peppery sauce of the poutine. The skinny fries in the poutine were crispy and delicious, cheese squeaky and all as it should be.
3	Great place for a weekday lunch break burger and beer, if your employer allows it ;)
