4	Disclosure: Men may not want to read. Just received my shipment today of all natural hormone therapy vitamins. I first found these vitamins through a friends recommendation at "Whole Foods". I thought heck for all natural and $20 dollars it's worth a shot. Well needless to say I have been on them for three months now and love them. For years doctor's have said I need a prescription hormone replacement to balance myself out. NO way, I do not like drugs other than wine.....hee hee So I decided to see if I could purchase them cheaper without having to run over to Whole Foods all the time. I found this website and yes they are much cheaper and more convenient. It is a great website they carry vitamins, herbs, beauty products, sports, organic, nutritional items, sexual health, homeopathy, etc....such a great selection. They also have one price shipping for $4.99, which is awesome because this allows me to order a few month's supply making it much less expensive then purchasing from the store. Vitacost.com truly offers wholesale prices on thousands of vitamins, supplements and over-the-counter products. Most of the products they carry are sold at the Published Wholesale Price which is typically 33% to 75% less than what you would pay at the retail level. They also offer auto ship, which is very nice.They have a clearance section and run promotions all the time once you order with them. The vitamins I am taking have really balanced me out naturally, no more major hot flashes, oh and they help you sleep like a baby. The shipping is fast and the Customer Service department is excellent. Would highly recommend this website.
5	Excellent selection, prices & customer service!
2	Vitacost is great for buying vitamins and homeopathic remedies at a discounted rate. But if you ever need to deal with their customer service, that is another story all together. It is terrible.I ordered some yum-yum dophilus, which arrived with everything else I had ordered in a box. I gave it to my daughter. All seemed good.The next time I ordered the yum-yum dophilus, it came in a packed in freezer packs. Only then did I notice that is small letters it says to keep refrigerated.I called up to get my first order replaced, because if it was supposed to be refrigerated, it certainly lost some of its potency being stuck in a truck in the HOT Las Vegas sun. The first woman I spoke with told me that her manager would call me back, which never happened. The second time I called, I spoke to a woman, who said that the yum-yum dophilus would be fine, even though it had been on a truck in the HOT Las Vegas sun and then the HOT LA sun. And she wouldn't give me a credit or replace the initial box.So if you use vitacost.com know that you are getting discounted good and horrid customer service.
4	I have been shopping at Vitacost via the web for over 3 years, the prices are great!They have now opened a store at their Las Vegas facility... that made me happy! The store is nice, they have a good selection, if what you want is not on the shelf there is a computer terminal that you can order from near the register.  The customer service is superb, kudos to Jamie!
4	Loved visiting this store after ordering online a few times.. The manager Jamie is so helpful and friendly.. I picked up a few Syntrax Protein flavors here and some JefFuel.. Easy to find if you use the NAV feature on your car or cellphone which is what I did..
5	I've been ordering from Vitacost from quite a while and have not had a problem except once. I started a new diet and exercise routine and my eating has to be pretty strict in the beginning. I'm taking a meal replacement to get the protein I need and eating high protein, low carb meals designed by my nutritionist. I was running out of my meal replacement which is a hard to find one because it's all natural, high protein, low carb, tastes great and no artificial flavors. Also it has superior quality protein. So anyway, let me preface this by saying I HATE chocolate anything. Hate is probably even an understatement. I just cannot eat or drink anything chocolate flavored. So I always order vanilla meal replacement. Well I opened my shipment from Vitacost yesterday and what was in the box instead of the vanilla that I ordered? You guessed it.....chocolate. I gag. I gag. I called and they sent a replacement so I'm awaiting the correct flavor. I order all of the time and this was the first time I received an incorrect order. The customer service agent was very helpful. Now I will just wait for the right flavor to arrive. The prices are really great, much better than Vitamin Shoppe. Vitamin who? Right! Team Vitacost all the way.I've placed close to 200 orders over the last few years to Vitacost, so one wrong order out of 200 deserves 5 stars.  They have the best prices and best service. I highly recommend.
2	I have been a longtime customer of Vitacost, but can no longer recommend them if you need quick RELIABLE delivery. Their prices have also risen substantially lately.Our last 2 orders were over a week late, and one got returned for some weird reason, there was no attempted delivery and our address hadn't changed, so it went BACK to Vegas and then finally was delivered a month late.  Our current order just  sat on-line as picked complete for THREE days and now has supposedly been shipped incomplete after four days, so now we won't see it for a week INCOMPLETE. And then whatever is missing, which you don't find out until it arrives late & incomplete, will show up who knows when?... they don't.  Not good enough.UPDATE: When you DO receive your slow order, MISSING a backordered product like Chia seeds, their packing list only shows a TOTAL of what was delivered (like it's complete, it's NOT)  NO note of the missing product or when it will be delivered, really poor. We were charged separately, and only found notice of a second ship after going back through all their spam emails and saw two separate charges on our credit card. The sitting for four days irritates me the most, I can live with separate shipments, SHIP them.Their latest new trick is that you click to view a product that they DON'T show as out of stock, it may show a similar product, but different, by the same vendor and when you add it - you may not realize that you just ordered a different product unless you check your shopping cart.  Recent examples for us were instead of A Hot & Sour noodle mix- Pad Thai in a similar container, and clicking on a Vanilla Protein drink and they ship chocolate. I'm sure there are more, SNEAKY.Too bad, they used to be MUCH better. I'm looking for a new supplier. I've tried drugstore.com, Walgreens.com and iherb.com on line who are now better based on Vitacost's current poor performance.  Charles just tipped me off about AllStarHealth.com and they look like they have a good selection like Vitacost, THANKS. Probably a good idea to develop a relationship with your local Health Food Store for off the shelf delivery which while I am sure will cost a little more, will eliminate the disappoint that is currently Vitacost.Everything changes.
2	I've been shopping with Vitacost for years and had excellent service and enjoyed the deals I was receiving. I received my first incorrect order a few weeks ago. Since then the Customer Service keeps insisting that I am wrong and won't do anything to resolve the issue.
1	DO NOT ORDER FROM VITACOST!!!I have never wanted to give a place a negative star rating more than I do this company.I placed an order last Monday. After it had not been shipped by Friday afternoon, I sent an email inquiring about the expected ship date. I then got onto their live chat with a customer service representative who told me that the order had been invoiced and shipped, it just wasn't posted yet. Later, I found out that she had lied to me and that the order shipped that night, after I had inquired about it. I received an email citing the wrong order number that also included gross grammatical errors (i.e., subject-verb agreement, thanking me for my "patients").I responded to complain that the live-chat representative had lied to me and also wanted to confirm that the correct order had been shipped because the representative who emailed me had cited a different order number. I also cited the unprofessionalism of the email. I received a response apologizing for the unprofessional grammatical errors in the "precious" email. I received no apology for the lies, however, nor an incentive to try their services again.I received my order yesterday. It was missing four items and contained one wrong item. I sent a pretty angry and detailed email and posted a message on their Facebook page.I was contacted via phone today. I detailed the problem with the shipping, lying and now the missing/wrong items again. She said that the problem with shipping and being lied to had been taken care of internally. She was then ready to go. I had to ASK about the missing and wrong items. She asked what they were (which had already been detailed in my last email). She told me I would get a reimbursement to my account in 48-72 hours. Fine.A little while later, I get an email from a representative and a comment on my Facebook post, both saying that management had left me a message with their direct number to call and resolve the issue. WHAT?????? I just SPOKE with the representative and resolved the issue. They clearly have no clue what is happening in their own company!The unprofessionalism and carelessness at Vitacost is unbelievable. I ordered from them to not just save on cost but also on time. The time I have had to put into this is greater than the time I would have spent just going to the store to get everything myself, which I now have to do anyway!
5	This review is strictly for in store shopping.  I can't speak to on line and based on some of the other reviews here I'm a little leery to ever try it but luckily I don't have too.  I called the store on a Friday looking for a product that I saw on their website.  I had done some research and it appeared to be the best price when taking into account shipping, etc., on comparative sites like Amazon.  When I called they said they didn't have it in the store but they would check the warehouse since it was attached.  Luckily they had it and they held it for me.  When I picked it up Sunday I was impressed with all the store has to offer.  Whatever your issue they have the product for it from basic supplements, vitamins, essential oils, teas, etc., and if they don't have it they have an in store kiosk where you can order it.  The saleswoman, Tezi, was super nice, helpful and knowledgeable about the products.  I had always heard Vitacost had good prices and they do seem competitive along with regular coupons featured on their website.  If you visit on the weekend, like I did, they can't pull things from the warehouse for you like they can Monday through Friday so always good to call ahead if you have a specific product in mind.  And with hours of 8:30 to 6:00 seven days a week it doesn't get more convenient then that.  Bonus, I wasn't even charged tax on my purchase.
5	After reading some bad reviews, I was hesitant to order from them, but they had the best price on what I needed, so I gave them a try.  I got the order 3 days after I ordered it and am very pleased.  I will order from them again!
5	Ordered online on Friday with standard shipping; I received the order on Monday.  Big savings on my favorite Desert Essence Organics cosmetics; even with shipping, I still saved 30% from what I'd pay in my favorite health food store.  And they carry all the "flavors." Will definitely buy from them again.
5	This is a rare gem for holistic or health-conscious items. I buy all my essential oils and exotic oils here ,  . Although the price is moderately competitive for such items, they are a local employer and a manufacturer/distributor of all things health-oriented. They are conveniently located near Sunset/Paradise off Pilot Road, and can special order anything in the website catalog! Always a good experience for me! I create my own premium beauty care products that require some very stringent quality standards: things like shampoo, body wash, lotion, body butter, lip balm ( message me for free samples).I am a staunch supporter of local business, and Vitacost is the definition of the kind of business that I like to support! If you need anything vitamin- or health-related, the Vitacost store should be your first stop!
1	Nina B. of Vitacost customer service chat gets -10 stars.  I wanted to add 1 item to a 2 hour old order and/or get free shipping on it.  She claimed $25+ needed as a special deal for free shipping - but the Vitacost site had the $25 advertised.So just like that they may have lost me - on to Vitaminworld.com or Puritan.com or Vitaminshoppe.com :)
5	LOOOOOOOVE this website!!!!!  They have EVERYTHING for my fitness needs. I know you're thinking, " Fitness! Girl you have almost 600 foodie reviews and your into fitness. PSsssssssh." Well guess what I am!!!! I've stepped it up MAJOR!  Im in the gym, beast mode and what not, these days! Any who, my PIC orders all my goodies and they come in a timely manner. Even the back ordered stuff. They let him know if something is backorder and he lets me know  about it :p  The prices are GREAT! Better than my other lova Vitamin shoppe :p I will continue "using"  them :D
5	Before I begin, can I say that I find it irritating how many reviews on here for the Vitacost website and not the store which this listing is for. This store is a wonderful extension to the Vitacost website. In fact, this is a store attached directly to their warehouse. The woman working was seriously one of the nicest customer service associates I have ever had the chance to deal with. She was very helpful, constantly asking us questions and assisting us. They have a great selection of things you'd find on their website especially vegan and cruelty-free products. They had an awesome discounted section with great deals. I really enjoyed my visit.
4	UPDATED: I contacted them with info on BBB instead of the usual customer service email and they are replacing at 50% cost. The only reason this isn't 5 stars is because of all the drama to replace the packageI've been a vitacost customer since the website was first established, but they've lost their identity and genuine care for their customers as they've grown. All they care about is sales and their BBB rating. Sure, they are nice to you to your face, and they are sticky sweet when you call customer service with an "issue", but all they do is promise you a call back or whatever it takes to "make the customer go away" - they've developed a stingy corporate mentality. They've deleted all of my account information after one of my cc's was put on a fraud hold. Considering I buy approximately $200 worth of goods a month, you can imagine how much reorder data was deleted. Most recently, the carrier lost my package and I called them. They said they would call me back and never did. Two weeks later, still no package. I contacted them again, and they simply refunded me without asking if I wanted a refund or my stuff!  Nevermind that they've built a business which is supposed to support your health - they really just think of their consumers as piggy banks. And you know what is worse? Not even an apology!
5	This place is awesome! Anything I need, they have and I can shop at home, bring my list and get everything I need. Adam is awesome and always willing to help out. I will be moving from Las Vegas, but will still continue to shop with them. Either by shipping or stopping by the store to stock up when I come visit family!
5	While it is true that I have never been to the actual store in las Vegas, I have been using Vitacost.com for many years. Being that I lived out of the country for a number of years, I found them to be the best way to get the three separate  supplements that I regularly take. There are three things that I need to say about why they get five-stars from me:1) Their prices are at LEAST 30-40% less than any other place I have found.2) The shipping is so fast I can almost hardly believe it. It literally seems like I click "send" for my order...and walk out on my porch and find a well-packed box containing exactly what I ordered.3) Their customer-service is outstanding, even when I have used about 10 different shipping addresses over the years. No matter what...I get my stuff!I can honestly say that, without question, using Vitacost.com has routinely been the best online ordering experience OF ANY KIND tht I have ever experienced. My highest compliment!!
5	I have nothing but great things to say about vitacost.com.   They carry many items I use regularly at a good price and they deliver very quickly. I've never had a problem with anything!  If you order $49 or more, you get free delivery
5	Big props to Vitacost for not using plastic wrapping! I was so happy to open a box of vitamins etc., that was cushioned with brown paper. Way to go. Plastic is killing our oceans and us. Even if recycled, it eventually breaks down into the ocean. Thank you Vitacost.
5	The most trustable online Store than ever!!!The Customer Service is excellent!!!The delivery is so quick!The products are excellent!!!
5	This place is in the middle of an industrial area near the airport. They have a store attached to their larger warehouse and it's open 7 days a week. We just went in for some protein powder we couldn't find elsewhere but we came away with a few other things since the prices seem cheaper than anywhere else I've seen. Probably worth the trip if you're buying several things. The dude working was nice too.
5	I heard from a co-worker about this Vitacost store so I decided to stop by after work.  This store has everything from teas, energy shots, vitamins, pre-work out items, to specialty food products (gluten-free, vegan, paleo, etc.) and skincare products (Obagi brand, etc.).30 bucks later, I got myself some Lydia's Organic crackers (totally paleo), mango bars, other paleo bars, Obagi facial cleanser, several cans of organic coconut milk, Lutein capsule, ginger supplement, Healthy Greens liquid, and a couple of more skincare item.I found things here that I could not find at Sprouts, Traders Joe, or even Whole Foods.  I will try to frequent this store once a week, at least.  I really like it.
5	We started purchasing from Vitacost I think before 2000 Vitacost had saved us so much money you could spend the rest of your life just going through their products and they get them to you as quickly as possible we spent hours in their Vegas store and we're going to go there next week and I'm really looking forward to it. Any vitamin you want to purchase if its a good brand not just a cheap one thrown in a drugstore will be available to you at a very very good discount the best you can find. If its a vitamin and you want a good price Vitacost will have it just go to their site take one of your bottles that you take all the time look it up see what it could save you
1	Very disappointed in VitaCost. I placed an order with Vitacost via Amazon and at checkout I was offered a free energy bar which never arrived with my order. After contacting Amazon about the issue, they referred me to Vitacost, and Vitacost referred me back to Amazon. Wow, how professinal of both of them!  I didn't even complain about the fact that my entire order arrived all melted, I was just trying to get my free energy bar. At a whalloping cost of $1.50 - $2.00 retail for an energy bar, it is astounding that Vitacost isn't willing to stand up and do the right thing, I'm glad to know that, though. If the company is so untrustworthy over such a small item, I certainly am not going to be placing more orders with them (My last order was about $58.00), much less participate in their "refer a friend" program, which would be doing my friends a disservice. Sorry, but that lack of business integrity just lost them a customer. I hope the price of an energy bar was worth it.
5	Love it. I was standing at Whole Foods Market Place holding a supplement that was probably a little bit overpriced. I looked on google shopping and saw that it was in stock at Vitacost but then I clicked on the local and saw that it was still in stock at Vitacost how could this be?Through my yelping skillzzz I was able to find that there is indeed a Vitacost retail store here in town! Not only did I get to supplement for less money at the vitacost store I also managed to  get some excellent deals on clearance items as well.. Just go here. The staff is excellent, I really like it and I come every week. highly recommended
1	I used to love this website company...Until I realized that they removed customer reviews. I used to order their Vitacost branded Raw honey and I have ordered it several times. But the last time it was a totally different kind of honey. I emailed them and even called them after waiting for a while. They admitted that the honey was a different kind. So I asked for a refund. Nothing happened, no refund for a week. I finally received an email telling me that as a "one-time courtesy"... I would received a refund. Funny detail: I had written a negative review about it, on one hand raving about their previous honey and on the other hand explaining how thick and different was their "new" honey. But this review has been removed. Within their latest email, next to my name, I have been called a "Detractor". Wow! nice way to call customers who try to review their product!
