5	Always super service, friendly greeting when you arrive and now they have added cherry lime to their drink line up with actual fresh limes to squeeze in!
5	I've been to plenty of Firehouse Subs and this one is my favorite. Whether you're visiting at lunch, dinner, or half an hour before closing, the staff is always courteous and happy to serve you a great sub. I'm partial to the Hook & Ladder (fully involved) but you really can't go wrong.
5	Service here is awesome! We had a surprise get together for a friend's birthday here yesterday and they were so fast. My friend dropped her sub and they gave her a new one for free, a really nice gesture. I had the Italian sub and it was great.
4	I'm at this Firehouse subs several times a month - usually once a week, in all honesty. I love their turkey and veggie subs, fully involved. Their (unsweet) iced tea is always refreshing. Service is great, and they know me by name, which I love since I feel like I'm here often enough to be recognized. My only gripe is I often call in my orders in advance, and I often get the wrong bread and no pickle, despite my very clear order instructions. I've called to tell them this several times and they give me a replacement sub on my next visit, but I wish they'd nail down their phone order process, so my experiences were always top-notch.
4	LOVE the hot, steaming subs from Firehouse.  My favorite is the New York Steamer (I hang out with degenerates, so that sounds like it belongs on Urban Dictionary for some reason), which is corned beef brisket, pastrami, melted provolone, mustard, mayo, and Italian dressing (hold the mustard).  Delicious!  The bread is warm and soft and the meat is always very good - not stringy or dry like some places.  Served with a pickle,there is also a good selection of chips to go along with your sub and a few choices of cookies and brownies for sweets.  A good amount of seating inside and there are some tables outside as well to enjoy the warmer weather.  They have added the new touch-screen fountain drink machine where you can custom design your beverage of choice.  Being over 16 and not good with the technology, it was a bit overwhelming to me, but the Cherry Coke that I was able to order was quite good.  Every time I have visited, the food has been consistently good.  Sometimes the wait seems inordinately long for just assembling a sub, but you can't argue with the end result.
2	Firehouse just didn't do it for me... Stopped in for lunch at this Firehouse Subs after spending the morning getting to know Charlotte. The place was pretty busy, as it was during the peak lunch hour. I was in the mood for a salad, and since there was only one on the menu, my choice was made for me. I got to pick the protein though. I chose the tuna salad. The boyfriend got the hook & ladder combo (cute). We were both amused by the large selection of hot sauces that were available (we both LOVE spicy food & hot sauce). I was largely underwhelmed with the salad, which consisted of large leafs of lettuce, a few thick bell pepper slices and a large wedges of tomato. It was topped with three sizable scoops of tuna salad and provolone cheese slices. I just wasn't psyched on the salad at all. Yes, I know I'm at a sub shop ordering a salad, but it really isn't that hard to throw a decent salad together. The boyfriend said his sub was meh. I personally prefer Which Wich.
5	Never had a bad sub here. The Firehouse Hero is definitely delicious (along with their oatmeal raisin cookies). But while Firehouse's quality is superior, I could get a cheaper sandwich at Subway.
5	Huge fan of sandwich shops and Firehouse is one of my favorite chains.  The meat, bread, and veggies are all high quality and toasted nicely.  My favorite is the hook and ladder but I have tried many and never had a bad sub here.Firehouse has a couple cool features that set it apart from some restaurants.  First of all, they have a massive hot sauce collection that is rated 1-10 based on spiciness.  Try the Firehouse hot sauce (I believe its called Datil Pepper Sauce).  It is a slightly spicy bbq flavor and really adds a kick to sandwiches.  Most locations also now have Coke Freestyle machines which I think are just plain cool.  I wish there was a Firehouse closer to me so I could eat here more but for now I will have to stick to tracking them down on road trips.
2	This used to be one of my go-to lunch spots when I worked from home. The staff was always friendly, they remembered me, the food was good quality at the right price. However, the last few times I've stopped in here, I've left disappointed. My sandwich is often made incorrectly these days. Last time I was in there, it appears there was a new girl learning the register. Another lady, who I assume was the manager, was harshly scolding the girl in front of me for ringing up my order wrong. The cashier was embarrassed, as was I. The whole scene was unnecessary and left me once again feeling disappointed with my experience here.
3	Had lunch here, and have been here several times. This location is showing its age and a lack of attention to detail. My wife's water was discolored (brown) and the staff couldn't clear it out of their system. The pickles served alongside our sandwiches were limp, soggy, and looked like they'd been gnawed on. Lastly, a customer at a nearby table complained about her pants being stained by an old chair whose seat cushion was cracked with age. Management needs to refresh the place and spend a few bucks.
