5	We have used Super Embroidery for over a year and have to say Anna and her staff are incredible!  They have gotten jobs done for us in record time with quality work.  We recommend them highly for their professionalism, quality, and outstanding customer service!
5	I Highly recommend super embroider. They were quick, friendly and made my last minute wedding gift idea perfect. I will definitely use them in the future!
5	Lets see if I can write something worth while, as I am still speechless. The shirts Anna and her amazing team at Super Embroidery & Screenprinting made for us, came out insanely awesome! They have exceed every expectation and went above and beyond. The quality of work is so overwhelmingly perfect I am still smiling ear to ear! Thank you thank you thank you! I am so thankful for your company, anyone who orders from you is guaranteed to feel the same.
5	I can honestly say that Super Embroidery is the best place for your shirt needs.  They are reasonable on prices and is friendly and courteous!
1	I was initially very reluctant to do a review because everyone has different experiences and am genuinely a very humble person. Being that I read reviews myself , I ultimately decided I needed to share mine regardless of outcome. Super Emb came highly recommended by a friend of mine in the t shirt business about 2 years ago. He spoke of the staff in high regard , so I just knew when my initial inventory came in - Super Emb would be the place to be ! I brought in 36 shirts to have screen printed. Amber was so courteous and attentive . She even helped me match up most of the colors swatches closest to my design. We spent about 20 min doing this alone . She took all of the appropriate information down and off I was anticipating my call to return. I was told they would be ready Friday, yet had to return Monday. No big deal right, I was so happy up until then, it just added to the excitement to see my product . Being I returned Monday I had a short window as I needed had other errands . I could see my first design through the clear plastic bag and was ecstatic !!! When I paid my  invoice I was told 2 of the shirts were deemed defective and could not be sold. I asked why, the rep I believe her name was Tricia replied "they had ink on them". Again no big deal, that's a part of business right; things happen. She even credited my invoice for the original purchase amount. I returned home with such eagerness to look at my shirts . First thing I noticed there was quite a bit of black ink on the outside of the bags. Yes of the shirts, perhaps this is why the 2 were defective . I proceed thinking ok let's take a look . 14 of my shirts were dirty ! Some MUCH more than others . They were filled with lint, one had a blue pen mark on it, one had a hole in the sleeve, and the remaining had large smudges of ink around the design . Similar to a half circle , consistent on every shirt . I immediately called and made Cindy aware 2 hours after pickup . She was very disappointed and advised I come in Tuesday as it was approaching 5:30 and they were closed now. I return Tuesday and speak with my initial rep ; Amber. She immediately says "yes this is clearly the PLATEN" . Which I already knew ! I show, the pen mark, the lint, the ones that appear to have been on the floor and exclaim that I now simply can't sell shirts . Stan I presume the production/design manager enters . He immediately tells me I brought the shirts in like this . Excuse me ?I reply my shirts were brand new, checked upon receipt from the manufacturer . He says who ? I said "American Apparel". "Yes American apparel, figures". But AFTER I said the brand. At this point the remaining staffs is actively listening and present . He says an employee showed him (the clearly ink smudges from the platen) at the end of the belt . Of course he did ! Because it happened During the production process! What business would print knowingly on dirty shirts. NONE. Dirty shirts that I did not bring in, that Cindy didn't see, that no one on the line seen until the END of the belt. Suggesting that your company would do that is laughable . To willingly assume responsibility for something you supposedly know you aren't responsible for, and continue to print insults your own integrity . Mind you no one told me anything until I came back in. Any-who Anna comes out and agrees that the shirts are dirty, she sees the lint, the ink marks, the pen, etc. Stan suddenly has a change in heart, being she openly yet subtly acknowledges  their error and responsibility . He assures me the shirts will be "cleaned up".I leave still I'm good spirits , confident they will rectify the situation . I return Wednesday to pick up my shirts . They are visible a bit faded and appear smaller. Sleeves curled at the ends , etc. the stains faintly remain on about 5 of the shirts . I ask Cindy, what did he do ? "Spray and wash" O_O !!!?? I say it looks like he washed them . She replies "she has no idea what he did" but just let it slip that he used spray n wash. Truth sometimes slips, yet it's not your fault. You were a great rep. Not like the floral scented detergent would go unnoticed . I can't believe you all took me through that just to launder my shirts . I have so much more inventory. I could've been offered a reprint on those or something considerable sufficient to the damaged shirts . I have never known a screen printer to launder someone's brand new inventory . I could've done that myself especially because my children have eczema and I ended up having to launder them AGAIN for wear, as they are clearly not sellable . I wish you all the best of success yet hope you are more honest and utilize more integrity going forward in rectifying your errors. Ultimately things happen in business. It's not that it happens, it's how you handle it. Poor job.
