4	After a traumatic day yesterday, I wasn't sure I wanted to make the trek from CenPho to Shea and 70th, but the plaintive look on Hubby's face made me give in- and I'm so glad it did. The place is in a strip mall, but is clean and bright and cheerful. We seated ourselves, and were given menus within minutes. Drinks followed shortly thereafter (they have an exceptional iced mint tea). The menu is not huge, but there are many standard fare selections and some dishes I have never seen before, like the Jerusalem Meatballs that Hubby got. They were flavorful, in a tomato based sauce, with rice, vegetables, and a garbanzo bean salad. I had the falafel sandwich- three big falafel balls with tomato, lettuce, a pickle spear, and tahini tucked in a pita. It was good- better than I have had elsewhere in the valley, but still can't live up to the magical falafel I ate almost daily during the summer I took Arabic at the University of Michigan. I got a side order of fries, which were natural cut, and tasted fine, but were not exactly piping hot when I got them.The hummus we had as an appetizer was some of the best I've ever had, with a pool of delicious extra tahini in the center. Not too garlicky, not too lemony- just very thick and creamy. The pita was just as I like it, too- very warm, and a great balance of chewy and crispy.Having read in some reviews that the baklava was nothing to write home about, we decided to share the only other dessert they offer- a chocolate mousse they make on site. It was dark, with a good texture, and very rich. There would have been no way I would have been able to eat a whole one and not lapse into a diabetic coma afterward.The place was quite busy, but not so busy that anyone who came through the door had to wait for a table. The service was attentive and friendly. One waiter, as we paid our bill (inexpensive, by the way- $30 for drinks, appetizer, 2 entrees, and dessert) said that this is the only restaurant he's ever worked in that he still wants to eat the food at the end of the night. Having spent many years in the restaurant/bakery business myself, that is high praise indeed.
5	I would have been absolutely devastated about Sabbudy's in Tempe closing if they hadn't opened a new location.  But they did.  Phew.  I cannot get enough of their potato salad.  It is seriously the best I have ever had.  Even better than Mom's (good thing Mom isn't very adept at surfing the Internet)!  And the falafel.  I always get the falafel.  Do you know what falafel is?  It's fried chickpea paste.  I have no idea how they get fried chickpea paste to taste so good.  And the lentil soup.  And the hummus.  And the wraps.  Okay.  I like it all.  But especially the potato salad.  Make sure you try the potato salad.
5	I'm a Heeb, and my business partner is Palestinian. Hows' that for a combination? One thing that we can always agree on is that they make the best hummus in town!The hot Israeli waitresses are a plus, too.
5	Oh Sabuddy, how I love your delicious, authentic food and friendly staff.  The mint tea is perfect without any sweetening. Hummus is good and always has a lot of tahini and olive oil in the center. The lentil soup is why this place is legend now in Tempe.The schnitzel is my favorite dish. A sesame and paprika covered chicken breast pounded thin and fried with love, served on top of marinated vegetables, rice, salad and hummus. My last visit was with some co-workers and all four of us ordered the same thing, and I got one to go.
5	YUM!! Great food, great service!! This will be a restaurant that we will go to again and again. The falafel's are amazing and such great hummus!!
5	okay. wow.so, after reading reviews of Sabuddy here on yelp, we decided to make the long drive out to Scottsdale and have some middle-eastern fare...definitely an adventure worth having and gas money well spent!it was quite empty in there(an hour before closing time), and the service was very attentive and friendly, the music pleasant and conducive to eating...we started out with the labne(sweet cream cheese with spices and olive oil, served with warm pita)...it was okay; just normal cream cheese...I aimed for the olive oil when dipping my bread...Jamie ordered the Israeli meatballs(covered in red sauce, perfectly seasoned and tender and served over savory rice, with tender, well-cooked green beans, carrots, and chickpeas--delicious)I had the tabouleh(THE BEST tabouleh I've ever had--and I've had a lot!)...it was marinated in the perfect mix of lemon juice and olive oil..the bulgur was almost crispy, not soggy, mixed in with the chunks of tomato and parsley leaves.I'm partial to adding hummus to my tabouleh, so we ordered a small hummus plate(creamy, a bit garlicky, but not overly so, and with a nice sprinkling of paprika on top, served with 2 more warm pitas)...along with my salad, I had 2 falafel balls(only 50cents apiece); the best falafel I've ever had--a crispy, spiced shell surrounding a moist, tender, mushy center...kind of like middle-eastern hushpuppies, seriously and utterly incredible!for dessert, we were convinced to buy the baklava and lemme tell you--I don't know what one of the other reviewers on here was talking about--it was moist, crispy, and drizzled in what seemed to be a cinnamon/honey/coffee sauce...we also ordered a pot of Turkish coffee--rich and hot with definite chocolate undertones...absolutely perfect and in barely any need of sugar after the supersweet, supersavory dessert.we're already planning our next trip--he wants to try the shawarma, and I'm dying for the schnitzel and many, many more falafel balls!
4	Oh, why oh why didn't I just order the falafel platter?!?  I would have just liked, and not loved, Sabuddy Israeli had it not been for the $.50 falafel I had on the side of my shawarma sandwich.  The pita sandwich was good, but not having shawarma before I discovered it is not my favorite Israeli cuisine.  It was well seasoned with yellow curry all the way through the chicken, not overpowering but I just don't seem to care for yellow curry.  The pita also had tomato, an israeli pickle, lettuce (with a touch of lemon) and tahini.   I ended up ordering four falafel balls total, in addition to my sandwich.They are the perfect combination of hand ground garbanzo beans, garlic and a hint of cumin.  They are crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside.  All other falafels fail in comparison.  Next time I visit I solemnly vow to order the falafel platter complete with tabboulah, hummus and babaganooj.
5	Three of my girlfriends and I went to Sabuddy for a going away dinner for myself (I was leaving the country for three weeks).  I had picked the place hearing that the food was really good.  I described it as "real pita" on our drive there.  Definitely more authentic than most pita places and everything was very flavorful. We got there 20min before it was closing, but the attractive Israeli waiter (obviously recognizing that we were four hot young ladies) invited us to sit down. We chose an undressed table at the end of the restaurant, up against the large half circle window that covers nearly the entire wall facing Shea Boulevard.The entire dinner (which was delicious by the way) was filled with loud laughter, (hardly) whispered comments about our attractive waiter, and wonderful sparks of wisdom like the newly coined Ganem Proverb: "Falafel is Falafel." We felt as if we had entered a vortex in which all of us had lost all of our social skills and made complete asses of ourselves in front of the cute waiter (who offered to take our picture at the end of the meal, but declined to allow us to take a picture of him...yeah, that was the least of the awkwardness...).
5	the last time i came here was when they were still located in Tempe, on University and Hardy so i don't know if they've changed their ways or not, but i'm going to go off of what i've experience thus far.this place is AMAZING!!! i've never eaten Israeli food and when I first tried this place i was taken back on how excellent their food is. I think you have to have a sense of adventure when trying out this place, i say that because i took a friend of mine to this place who i thought would've been a little daring to try something new. he said he didn't care too much for it. just a fare warning to anyone you're thinking about taking there....when i went there for the first time, i had no idea what i was gonna order and they were really helpful and suggested a meal that would acquire my taste and i was not disappointed. the customer service was very helpful and very kind. i can't wait to go back to this place!!!
2	I'm just not feeling the Sabuddy love. This was the second trip we made there. I tried it again tonight thinking maybe I wasn't fair last time -- maybe a year ago?First off, it was FREEZING in the restaurant, and I had on jeans. I was shivering. Literally shivering.The hummus had a strange consistency that made it stick to the back of my throat, and now my throat hurts like something gross is stuck. The pita was ok, but it didn't seem much better than what you get at the grocery store. I've had better.I got the chicken shawarma plate. Eh. The chicken was too salty, not very warm and tasted odd. Perhaps it was old? I still can't get the salt out of my system. I think I need to go down a gallon of water. The salad on the plate was sort of pathetic.My dining partner got the chicken pita sandwich. She was complaining that her stomach was burning after eating it. WTH?The staff was nice, however the wait was purgatory. I thought I was going to freeze to death waiting for the check (which we had to ask for and then wait after asking).I've had my fair share of Israeli food and various other sorts of Middle Eastern food. This was fair at best. I'm not sure why everybody raves about the hummus. (Christine does her best Simon Cowell Impression) If I'm being honest with you, the hummus at Fresh & Easy is a lot better.Eh. *shrug* Not feeling the love. Sabuddy is not my buddy.
3	I liked it, didn't LOVE it.My date and I (which was great btw) decided to go there, because I've just been dying to try this place.He got the shawarma, which was good -- just different -- it had curry powder on it -- which I love.  The hummus that came with it, was sort of cloying -- it needed a bit more lemon juice or something.  It was a little too pasty.I got the kabob -- which isn't like normal kebabs -- mean and veggies grilled on a stick.  It was ground beef that had spices and stuff in it.  The flavor was good, but the consistency was sorta rubbery.We both got two falafel each -- they say they are famous for them.  They were good, but they weren't anything to do cartwheels over, either.  Honestly, they wouldn't have been all that interesting without the tahini on the side.The prices were good -- but it's sort of a drag that they sell no booze.  A glass of wine *may* have made this a better experience.  I'll just keep going to Elie's Deli for my Middle Eastern food fixes!
4	Great atmosphere, service and food.  But I found out it is closing in two weeks.  I get together with 7-8 friends each month at a different foreign food restaurant and we thought let's try Israeli this month.  there was the typical falafil, hummus, etc. but then there is Russian Potato Salad and Schnitzel which was amazing!  Yummo...  As a group we eat everything family style so got 5 entries and 4 appitizers.  Each main entry was served with rice, roasted carrots with chick peas and green beans stewed with tomatos.  More food than we could eat so got to take home leftovers. Baklava was ok - a bit dry for my taste.  But I loved their mint iced tea, the waitress was so sweet and told us how they made it.  Just brew dried mint leaves and pour over ice.  So I'm glad that I finally got to experience this restaurant but very sad to see it go.
1	Oh how sad!  My husband has been talking and talking and talking about coming back for their falafels when we go back to Scottsdale for Spring Training in March.  Now I have to tell him the bed news...*tear.
5	I miss this place.  Lots of live plants inside, and food that brought me right back home.
