4	Foyer is a great new addition to the ever developing restaurant scene on Notre Dame West of Atwater. They serve pizza, cooked in their wood burning oven, fish, salads and always have a daily special or two. The ambiance is great and they have a lovely little patio in the back.So far I've tried the caesar salad (be sure to add the optional fried mussels), the mushroom pizza, the margherita pizza, the french onion pizza and their homemade raspberry pie. The caesar salad and raspberry pie were big winners and my favorite pizza was the french onion. The pizza here is not prepared like the thin crust pies that you would find at some of my favorite Montreal pizza destination (Magpie & Botegga). The crust is a bit thicker and has a much more chewy/doughy texture so you don't get the crispiness and bubbling dough that I tend to enjoy. That being said I really enjoy the pizza here and I appreciate the fact that Foyer has their unique style and taste. The servers were all very friendly and attentive, although not all aspects of the service are running like a well oiled machine yet. Of course this is to be expected as the resto has only been open for 2 weeks. I wish the team at Foyer great success and will certainly be back to see them soon.
4	Amazing little place in St.henri... Definitely a place I recommend! Yum... Had the mozzarella/tomato with extra basil, just the right flavors and the kale salad with mango,tangerine and honeydew was perfect! Next time I'm having the pizza!The bread, not on the menu but if you ask they'll make you a nice home made concoction.
4	Foyer is a lovely new restaurant situated on the West side of Atwater in St Henri.  The menu is primarily wood oven pizza with some fish and some incredible appetizers.  Though the restaurant is very warm and inviting it was a beautiful night and we dined on the back terrace.  Though it is not large it is lined with cute herb pots made from large soup cans, a little kitsch but rather charming.The food, though a bit expensive was definitely worthwhile.  We shared the salmon tartare and the Caesar salad.  The tartar was light and flavorful, I would highly recommend it.  The Caesar would not have been outstanding on its own but with the addition of  fried mussels it was fantastic.For our main dish we chose to design our own pizza, as a base we took the shishito pepper pizza added mushrooms, spinach and hot peppers. Though this is not a thin crust pizza like I normally prefer, the dough was chewy and tasty as was the combination of toppings.  We were also really glad to see that one of our favorite wine was available on the menu, the perfect accompaniment to our fantastic dinner.The service was friendly and attentive, I would definitely recommend this resto.
4	Great Food! Great team! Great Place!Will defiantly be back soon.
4	The short of it: we really enjoyed our dinner here.Service was most excellent; friendly, fast (despite every table being occupied), patient and almost transparent. Water glasses were always filed, everything arrived on time, and explanations that were required were offered.Food: Pretty delicious. The apps were spectacular, from the dried-fruit in the not-so-simple kale salad, to the unbelievable flavours stemming from the roasted cauliflower dish; we were impressed. The pizza too, being the focus of this joint, was scrumptious. I highly recommend the Mushroom with Prosciutto and the French Onion Soup (you read that right, french onion soup pizza.). It's not exactly on par with Bottega, but very close.Atmosphere: really pleasant. From the furniture, to the "music at a totally reasonable volume" - it was a really enjoyable place to be. It looks cramped but didnt' at all feel that way during dinner. Also, we were seated by the pizza oven on a cold night; really cozy and warm when we needed it.Price: it's a bit on the pricy side, but for a fun, low-key night out that's above "pizza joint" we didn't feel taken. If it was just a little less expensive (pizza is very inexpensive to make) it would get that fifth start, but it won't stop us from returning.
4	I really want to give this place a 4.5 out of 5. It's almost perfect but just not quite there yet so I'll give them 4 as I have to leave some wiggle room for improvement!I've been a few times so far since it's conveniently located 2 streets down from my apartment. So far, the boyfriend and I tried their pizzas, salads, meat of the day, and desserts. Everything is fabulous and fresh. I particularly like that some ingredients were added to the pizza after it was cooked to keep their freshness. For example, figs and prosciutto. The figs were so plump and fresh, amazing. The meat of the day is always a nice plate that is well thought out so don't get turned off by the steep price, it's well worth it. If you have a sweetthoot has just like I do, I recommend the homemade doughnut. It's filled with a delicious lemon curd and it's served warm with some sprinkled sugar. The apple pie is also great but if you expect an North American apple pie you'll be disappointed. There isn't much cinnamon or spiced to it, the boyfriend who hates cinnamon simple loves this dessert. We haven't had the chocolate mousse yet since the staff highly recommends the 2 other desserts. Price wise, the pizzas are average price, something around $16-$18. The meat of the day is around $30 and desserts are $5. I never have much to drink since this is our "we got late from the office let's not cook" joint so I can't give much details on the wine list. Ambience wise they really hit the spot. It's got that laid back yeah classy feeling which blends perfectly with the neighbourhood. On week nights they will have music in the "John Mayer" category and the tempo increases as you get later in the week and night. A reservation on Friday and Saturday is recommended, they can usually accommodate walk-ins any other day. Oh, did I mention they have an authentic wood burning pizza oven!
4	I walked in on a chilly evening and I absolutely loved it ! Fresh food, great pizza and very cute decor. The only downside is it gets quite chilly when sitting next to the door. But besides that, totally worth a visit. And very reasonable prices, too!
