4	My weekend workout spot.  This is a full service gym complete with childcare, group classes, basketball court, outside track, indoor pool(swim lessons) and a cool outside water park in the summer.  Just remember to bring your towel as they eliminated towel service some time ago.
4	Ever since my office moved up to the University area, this is my "go to" Y during the week.  Even though I missed the convenience of the Y's downtown - Childress & Dowd, this one is a good replacement and it saves me from driving downtown for a workout.Recently I have picked up swimming in the mornings before work... well it's better described as "systematic drowning".  The pool lifeguard is super friendly.  She was even giving me tips on my form.  If I think about it more I think she was "concerned" about me so... hence the tips.  I've got a ways to go before I am Michael Phelps, but I am glad the Univ City Y is helping me on my way to the Olympics (j/k).This Y is as large as the other branches in the area and has lots of family programs - after school care, etc that you can take advantage of while getting your burn on.  Every thing is kept clean and maintained - the staff is there for you when you need them.The parking lot leaves a little to be wanted, but it is functional (if people follow the one way signs).  At least the Y is off of a side street (not directly on WT Harris), but you have to time it right less you get caught in the traffic nightmare that happens there every rush hour twice a day.
4	This YMCA is wonderful.  It has a open floor setup for exercising.  It is conveniently located across from a Rite-Aid,Harris Teeter,and a Texas Land & Cattle i think...One of those cowboy type restaurants lol.....and a Credit union,and wells fargo.  All in walking distance of the YMCA.  The exercise room is larger then most ymca's you will visit unless you go downtown.
5	This is our favorite Y so far. Location is convenient and the staffs are really helpful and kids friendly.  My kids are into soccer, swim, basketball, and camp here.  Price are a little high for me being a single mother but everything else is great.
4	As I normally consume lots of chocolate, University YMCA has became one of favorite places. The service here is awesome, showers are clean, and never anyone on the indoor track when I go for my late morning runs. The complimentary coffee is also a plus.Looking forward to summer, because I learned to swim via private swim instructions with a patient instructor here this winter. The best part about joining this particular YMCA is the helpfulness of the staff. They truly care and are always helpful. I wish I could take my swimming instructor with me back to the Bahamas. She would really be proud.
1	Lousy over zealous life grds.  Won't even let you float on your back.  Lifeguards are power monger idiots here!  I was a 10 year lifeguard and they are not trained or professional.
