4	I've been coming to Nice Nails for at least 5-6 years now, always for a pedicure, and I absolutely love the place.  Husband and wife, John and Debbie, are the owners and both work as technicians at Nice Nails.  I don't know if the "Kim" that Yelper Janel mentioned is still employed there or not--I've never heard of her and have NEVER received poor service from anyone like she described.My favorite techs are Michelle and Tina.  Kenny does great work as well.They have (five?) pedicure chairs, all of which are big, comfy, easy to get into and have built-in massage and heat features (ahhhh...)  They also offer big poofy pillows if you happen to be a little smaller and need to be pushed forward a bit.  They start your feet off with a jetted spa tub soak before removing your old polish and running through the typical pedicure icky stuff (nail trimmings, cuticles, etc.)  They used to be able to "shave off" the dead skin from your heels but because of Nevada state laws are no longer allowed to do it.  Instead they use some sort of dissolving cream, let it sit, then attack the rough spots with an abrasive sponge.  I tell ya, when I found out they weren't going to be able to use the blade anymore I was truly bummed...but this new cream they use I think actually works better!  They also always use tools that come fresh from the autoclave so I know they're clean.They have a good selection of nail polish colors and are not opposed to using whatever you bring in from home (just remember to grab it from them in case they forget and try to put it back in the rack.) They're very quick to wash the tubs down when you're done.I've made appointments and have also walked-in.  Sometimes there's a bit of a wait, especially on weekends but they're very efficient and get people moving without compromising the quality of their service. Ten Toes Up from me!  :)
5	I've been going to Nice Nails since 2003.  Debbie is the BEST!  I drive all the way from the other side of town just have Debbie do my nails.  I have not been able to find any other nail tech that can do the fabulous job Debbie does with pink and whites.  I have never been disappointed!!
1	I have to agree with Janel. I went there a while back for a pedicure and had the same person. Her name was Kim.  When she put the little basket with her tools on the floor, I asked her if they sterilize their equipment. She said, "Yes, like this."  She proceeded to squirt some clear liquid on them, still on the floor. She was not gentle nor careful. I ended up bleeding because she cut one nail too short. That didn't seem to bother her, she said it was ok and dabbed some blue stuff on to stop the bleeding. She seemed very rushed - not the relaxing experience one would expect.  Not very cool about asking to be paid before the polish was dry, either. Please DON'Tgo there.
1	A mother working full time and having a 2 year old means that when you have the little spare time to treat yourself, you want to make sure it is at least a good experience when you get a pedicure. I came on my lunch break here to Nice Nails for a pedi & mani although I only got a pedi. The lady rushed through my pedi even though I was the only one there in the middle of the day so it wasn't like they were busy. She cut my big toe and I started bleeding. Instead of apologizing she accused me of having sensitive cuticles. I  was hesitant to put my foot back into the bowl afraid of catching an infection and she kept saying "don't worry it's fine" and stuck my foot in the bowl after she put some clear glue and started blowing on my cut which any licensed nail tech would know how unsanitary it is to blow on people especially an open womb! After i told her to please not to blow i caught her still doing it as she continued to rush through the rest of the pedi. When paying I asked for at least a discount she laughed as if I were joking she gave me attitude for a $5 discount...as if $5 is worth more than a return client. Praying I didnt catch anything!
4	I just moved to Henderson from the East Coast and was lost without a favorite place for my manicures.  A friend at our extended stay hotel told me she was happy with her manicure and told me to try it.  I stopped in with no appointment and they took me right away for my gels.  I had pink and white and decided to go with a solid color.  Rose was very sweet and did an excellent job and only took less than 45 minutes.  I already got compliments and if they last and hold up 3 weeks, I will definitely return and get a pedicure next time as well!!  I was happy to see the positive reviews, too!
2	I had gone there with a friend and I noticed it was very busy; like any other nail salon; i felt rushed and the nail tech I had; she did my nails quickly it was not bad for it being done quickly but I she did not listen to me when I told her to make them shorter; why do majority nail places rush and make nails long. Now that I look at it she messed up on a couple of nails; a bit pricey for this kind of service I would not suggest going there because they are just fast.
5	I'm happy I ventured out to try Nice Nails - they do a great job and have you in and out looking flawless.
1	DO NOT COME HERE! You're risking your health!I had been here before about a year ago and everything was fine. It's close to my place so I didn't drive to my normal nail place and now I wish I had. At first, everything seemed fine. Then I noticed the woman doing my nails was on the phone. She picked up the phone twice during my pedicure and talked for at least five minutes each time. That's rude, but what will make me never come here again is what happened next. I was reading a magazine when she started scrapping my feet for rough spots. Everything seemed normal until I looked up and realized she was using a CHEESE GRATER to scrape my feet. I was in such disbelief I even asked her if that was a cheese grater. She laughed and said something in another language. By then, she was already done and there was nothing I could do. To top it off, I saw her put it away in drawer without sterilizing it, which can only lead me to believe she didn't disinfect it before using it on me. I took pictures of the cheese grater and am filing a compliant with Nevada State Board of Cosmetology.
3	I have been going to Rose at Nice Nails for about a year now.   They are very flexible and accommodating since I have often had to call last minute to change my appointments.  I was going every 3 weeks for gels with acrylic but lately I have had some of them lifting well before I got in for the next appt.  I was quite upset that I was charged $3.00 for each broken nail.  I finally decided to have them removed and go back to my own nails for regular manicures but the polish never lasts.  Rose suggested the gel manicures on my own nails and skipping the acrylic underlay.  It would be less money and healthier than having them lifting and risking bacteria/fungus.   So far this is working great.  I honestly do not recall the cheese grater (!!) for the feet because when I get a pedi she usually just scrubs the bottom with a hard sponge.  I will be on the lookout and tell them I do not want that used.  I do not get pedicures often anyway but good to know...thanks...
5	I have been to many, many salons. I can say that this is my favorite. I have been coming here for over 4 years. They bend over backwards to accommodate every customer.  I have seen them take their tools from the autoclave time and time again proving that they sterilize. I cannot recommend this nail salon enough! GO, you will be happy you did!
5	I have been to many, many salons. I can say that this is my favorite. I have been coming here for over 4 years. They bend over backwards to accommodate every customer.  I have seen them take their tools from the autoclave time and time again proving that they sterilize. I cannot recommend this nail salon enough! GO, you will be happy you did!
4	I enjoy this place. They are quick with their service and still do a great job. Debbie and John, the owners, are very friendly and ensure everyone is satisfied. There are a great selection of color, regular polish and gel. Also, everything is reasonably priced. This is my go to nail salon!
5	I've been going here for about 9 years. I love it and everyone that works there is great. I only get mani pedis but the gel they use lasts a good 3 weeks. I've gone many other places out of a quick convenience and always regret it. Ask for Michelle. She is amazing.
5	Best nail place I have found near my house. They apply the gel polish on perfectly.
3	I recently went in here because I was desperate for a little relaxation and to get a mani-pedi and they were in my area.  I got there 15 minutes before they closed, but they were still accommodating and let me get a full set of acrylic gels and pedi.  They asked if it was OK that my nails were OK to be done as same time as pedi, probably since they were about to close, not my first preference, but I was just thankful they let me in!I was a little nervous because I felt my acrylics were being rushed as she was moving really fast, but she did a fantastic job -- I highly recommend Ivy and will be going back to her!The pedi wasn't very good and I only got a massage on the top part of my foot...super disappointed! At lease my nails look fine.  She did the callous remove and it looked like any other callous remove that was the "grater" type, but definitely wasn't a cheese grater, so maybe they changed since that last review.They only got 3 stars because they let me in right before they closed and the acrylics were great, but wish my pedi was better.
1	Stay away from this salon for gel nails.  The girl that did mine was done so fast I didn't even get time to settle into my chair.  The bonding solution that they put on the nails to bond the polish to your nail was not painted on but just a quick swish over the nail.  So what that means for me is my nails are peeling in just one short week.  Maybe others do a better job, but most of these nail salons at best give you a shoddy job to get you back into their salon faster.
5	This place is amazing! The new layout is perfect for a high quality salon, and the prices are absolutely affordable. ATTENTION: please disregard past reviews. Kim never worked there, the tools are 100% disinfected and sterilized before every use, and in case you didn't know CHEESE GRATERS ARE USED TO REMOVE CALLUSES. If you're not comfortable with cheese graters, you can ask them not to use it (but I recommend you do if you have bad heels, mine have gotten better because of the dead skin removal.) I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	I have been going to Nice Nails for a year and a half now and have never had a problem,  everyone is very friendly and do great work.  I will continue to go every two weeks.  Debbie, Ivy and Von are always great.
5	Favorite salon! Debbie the owner is super sweet! They are reasonably priced. Fresh and new ideas. I've been using them for many years.
5	After all these years I still love this place and the people who work here. Always accommodating, very fair prices and excellent customer service. They just recently renovated and the place looks gorgeous and seems much more efficient. One thing I don't care for with the renovation is the new chairs--I'm too short for them. The kneading/rolling feature on the chair is too high and doesn't hit my back --it's actually at the back of my head height. They do still have a couple of the older chairs left as of this visit and Tina, my nail tech, suggested I move to one of the older chairs but I didn't since I'd already been soaking my feet and didn't want them to have to clean another chair. Next time I'll be sure to request an older chair. Thanks John and Debbie for always providing excellent service. I love that this is a place where everyone knows my name. :)
5	Stopped in on a busy Saturday and they took great care of us!  I would highly recommend them.
5	This is my favorite place to get my nails done. All the ladies there are very friendly and they always accommodate my design requests. I always plan to be there about 2 hours so that they have time to work on my nails and therefore no one is rushed. My favorite feature is the massage chair:)
2	I have been going to Nice Nails for close to 2 years.  I was very happy with all the ladies who did a good job--but lately I have been very disappointed with my gel manicures because the polish has been peeling off on several nails about 4 days before my next 2 week appointment.  The ladies know what they are doing but I think they use cheap products and should change their supplier!   After spending $25 or $30 plus tip--sorry but the gel manicure should last two weeks easily!   I am giving them one more try and if it chips off again after only a week and 1/2 barely, its time to move on...
1	I was glad to grab an appointment, and arrived early. They were unable to see me early, which is fine, but then I had to wait 25 minutes after appt time, without notice, forewarning, anything. Water was cold, then not enough time for manicure, girls were in a hurry to close up and get out. One even had a customer pre-pay her services so she could leave early. I will not be back.
3	I have been a client of Nice Nails for close to two years.  I recently almost left because my gel manicures were not lasting the entire two weeks they were supposed to and I had to complain to the owner.  They were apologetic but did not have an answer as to why they were chipping off after a week and 1/2.  I told her it must be the product because the girls all do a great job. I got a French gel manicure and it lasted the entire two weeks so I was pleased.  I have determined that the glitter polishes were not working for me, so I will stay away from those.  My only disappointment is no damage control.  Working in customer service myself, they should've done something to "make it up to me" like offer a free gel manicure the next time or free pedicure.  That didn't sit well and the fact that most times I arrive on time or early, I have to wait 15 or 20 minutes with no apology.   I love Von and Ivy  so I am giving them another chance because they take their time and enjoy what they do.
1	I got my nails filled here and they look horrible. the lady that did them was in a rush for her next appointment that was made while I was in the middle of getting mine done. two nails got messed up and she was really irritated with that. she fixed them in a super quick hurry and did a crappy job. my nails look awful and I will not be back.
4	I've been going to Nice Nails for a few years and have always had great service.  Von is great, and so is Debbie, the owner.  Can't vouch for the other girls but everyone seems to have their regular customers so I'm sure they're just as good.  Prices are very reasonable compared to other salons in the neighborhood.  I'm surprised at some other reviews that were low... I've never had a bad experience there.
1	Nice nails? Not so nice after all. My mother and I have been going there every 2 weeks for a year to get our acrylics done. Last visit one of my nails started lifting after a week. I went in and a very rude lady who works there (maybe the owner?) yelled at me that I bumped it against something. I told her I did not and she said she would glue it for me. Glue for me only lasts a day, so I asked if she would fill it. She then grabbed my finger and started twisting the nail. I said "ouch!" Workers were just walking around doing nothing. She said that she was going to charge me $3. Most places guarantee no lifting for 2 weeks. When I mentioned that to her, she told me to go find another salon then. So I will and so will my mother. Good for you in losing 2 regular customers.
1	Been going there for 1 year. Ivy that does my nails is such a nice person. Too bad the owner (maybe?) is so rude and doesn't appreciate their regular customers. My daughter had a lifting nail after 7 days and went back to have it fixed. They wanted to glue her nail. She can't use glue so they were going to charge her to fill it. I can't believe after 7 days they charged and were so rude. We have been really good customers with no problems and the owner said do not come back. I feel sorry for Ivy, as she has been doing our nails for a long time.  Goodbye nice nails. I won't be coming back. Too many nail salons that treat customers nicely.
5	I love this nail salon.  I came here originally for gel nails.  The second time I came in Debbie suggested using "Hot gel" because my nails were in such bad shape.  I love the way my nails are done.  They look really nice and they last for a month (unless I use them as tools).  Debbie does a great job!
5	This place is wonderful!  Every time I get my nails done I am always received with big smiles and excellent service.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants great service and nails that last a long time.  I would highly recommend either Ivy or Debbie to do your nails.  I always call ahead and make an appointment but walk-ins are welcomed.
