4	Just because of the nature of the business, Goodwill's of course seem to take on the personality of the area that it's in. While you probably won't find many obscure band t-shirts here at teh North Scottsdale local, this is a great place to find cheap nicer clothes. I've successfully found a few dress shirts here that look like they've like a led a strictly dry-cleaner lifestyle, for only $5-$7 each. (Yes, I could have rolled the dice and waited for 1/2 price Saturday, but I didn't want to chance it.)A good place to scope out if you need work clothes, not a good place to find a sweater for your Ugly Sweater Party.
4	OK all you bargain shoppers...This location is large, clean, and well organized.  Plenty of  parking and what could make it better? A 50 percent off sale!  They have one about once a month so prepare yourself for some major deals.  We happened to stop by and found out it was 50 percent off.  My son even found a Nerf gun for a discounted price of $1.  Yes it was missing the Nerf darts, but he had plenty at home.  What a good deal for him.  I did note a large selection of toys, boys and girls clothes, and huge selections of men's and woman's clothing.  It was late in the day of the sale most of the furniture was ransacked.  So I would suggest coming early if you need the big stuff.  Enjoy.
5	I went to this location when they first opened around Halloween and it was full of happy, friendly and creative staff helping last-minute costume makers put something together. I didn't find what I wanted there, but recently went back to scope out furniture, thinking a Goodwill in North Scottsdale would be the place to score some good pieces. Their home section looks much like any other second-hand shop's and I was unimpressed, but my trip turned into one of their commercials and I found two cute dresses for $10 each and True Religions for $13 (if you want designer jeans, check the front "premium" racks, not the regular jean section). That score will keep me going back for more! The racks are huge, but worth the search. Come battle-ready on their monthly 50% off Saturdays.
4	I come here all the time because it's right by my job.  I have gotten lots of cute blouses, pillows for the home and shoes. Seems to be a much better quality than others, and of course great prices. I even find cool music there pretty often (Yazoo, The Specials, etc.)
4	Besides the Book Bin, Bookmans, and Savers, this is one of my favorite places to go and find used paperbacks.I stopped here during lunch today and picked up a LeCarre novel I have been looking to read.  They also had several recent Lee Child "Reacher" novels as well.  The store is well laid out and the employees are super helpful in finding something for you.This Goodwill has a lot of furniture, along with a good assortment of kitchen appliances, such as coffee makers and toasters.A great thing about their book section, is that most titles are in the $0.99 to $1.99 range. Used book stores will usually pay you $1.50 to buy them back.  So, it's sort of my own lending library. BTW, I put back the 2007 edition of Phoenix area restaurant reviews, since Yelp does it so much better!  LOL
5	This Goodwill location is BY FAR my favorite location, and I've been to almost all of the Goodwill's in the Valley, Tucson, Flagstaff and other Northern AZ cities.  Their shoe selection is always stocked with name brand and designer brand shoes.  Their better quality clothing (they mark them as BQ)...are very reasonably priced. Check it out....you won't be disappointed.  Happy hunting.
4	Place is a little dirty. The employees aren't that nice, when I came in and when I left none of them said hi to me they didn't even look at me when I came in which was weird. Store is pretty big though but kind of hidden if you ever don't go down Scottsdale Road a lot.
4	Clean and well organized!  This goodwill should definitely have what you are looking for, or more than what you are looking for in my case!  Went in for t-shirts to use in crafting and found great colors in a well organized system in both the men's and women's sections.  I purchased a few books and both the cashier and I forgot to make sure that I grabbed that bag with my other three bags.  However, she was kind enough to store the books in a cubby for me and they were there when I returned!I will definitely be going back to this one to find more t-shirts to cut up for crafts!
3	Didn't find much decor for Halloween and their prices seem a little steep compared to others I frequent in Phoenix. Some good selection for clothes.
5	Great location! Prices weren't hiked up, and the spread was huge! Today it was 50% off orange sticker items and Saturday Jan. 25th is 50% off the whole store! Got more classic books, along with some to titles I have yet to read, good finds for my book collection! Also got 20% a $10 or more purchase! Yay! Will definitely be back to this location if we're in the area! Also staff were friendly and knowledgable!
5	Goodwill like any second-hand store is hit or miss, but this location seems to have good deals. I often find myself in Savers or some other weird second-hand store trying to sell me something used for more than new and this location doesn't seem to do that.I am currently sitting on a $400 leather recliner with only very minor cat scratches in a 2 inch area for only $50.  Sure the guy that helped me load the chair acted like he just lit up, but it's better than me breaking my back.
5	As Goodwill stores go, this location is definitely a five star destination. We've had luck here with children's toys & books, furniture and household items, the result of the demographics of the surrounding area, I guess. Nicely laid out and well maintained. As an added bonus, there are also some pretty good restaurants nearby for when you are finished shopping. Pricing is generally very reasonable, but like all Goodwill stores around Phoenix, some of the prices are set a little high with the idea that you'll be getting a discount of some type. The best deals are every other Saturday when everything in the store is half price. Sundays are 25% off days for teachers. Tuesdays are 25% off for 55 year old plus shoppers. A designated color of tag will also always be half price, changing each week. Look for the sign near the entrance.Perhaps the easiest discount is the online coupon, usually 20% off a $10 or more purchase, emailed monthly when you sign up. Be aware new or holiday merchandise will not be included in any of the discounts. That said, Goodwill is all about scoring a deal AND helping out the community. This Goodwill has a lot of friendly employees, living reminders of the good work Goodwill is doing.No guarantee that you'll find the bargain of your life, but come on in for some entertaining browsing and support Goodwill. Bring a donation for them to sell. And round up your purchase price to the next dollar when you check out.
