5	You know, it's not that I can't afford Montblanc.  It's just that I'm not really sure if this is truly where I want my next 14 mortgage payments to go.  I love their star design collection.  And their diamond jewelery is to DIE for.  I had to wipe the drool from my mouth as I left this store.  Everything is SO stylish, SO beautiful, SO incredible.  I love Montblanc.
5	Well, with all respect to Kenneth, I have to say that I purchased my timepiece (as well as other selections) from McKenzie, and she was a real hoot!She spent a good deal of time showing me her selections, and I walked out REALLY pleased with the way she was able to handle my account.  I understand that she specializes in corporate accounts, and will be telling my Human Resources Manager about this girl this week!!!Anyway, the boutique is small, but intimate.  They have a lavish selection, from affordable options up to *the sky is the limit*.  They are world known for their writing instruments, but their gorgeous jewelry and leather goods I have purchased as well.  Their leather can really take a pounding while still looking classy?  Sign me up for that.  I mean, a REAL pounding.It's very clean in there.  I mean, like too clean.  It's as if the *insert diety of your choice* came in and licked it all sparkly and magic with a tongue made of stardust.  I think it might be a unicorn I saw dashing out of the place once.   I have the feeling like if a bacteria even flew in there it might just run for it's little single-organisimed life.  The terror of clean!!!Utter coolness and chic for the Scottsdale glamor crowd, but with a classy, contemporary, and elegant look/feel to their product, this stuff delivers.  Sign your name with one of their pens, and you will never write with anything else again.  The company has the history and the goods, and Salespeople like that gal McKenzie keep me coming back for more!
5	Saw what I thought was a Montblanc rollerball pen at a second-hand seller. It had all the hallmarks of a Montblanc, but the resin color wasn't right. I bought the pen and took it straight to the Montblanc Boutique in Fashion Square.I walked in and told the lady I had two questions. The second question was entirely reliant on the reply I got to the first question. Question #1: Is this rollerball pen a genuine Montblanc? Question #2: Do you have any blue refills?The lady, McKenzie, was friendly, pleasant and knew her stuff. She examined the pen with a loop and pronounced it genuine. She knew that it was from the "Bordeaux Collection" that hadn't been offered in a number of years. She was able to tell me the approximate age of the pen by examining the hallmarks (it was marked as "W Germany" as opposed to today's "Germany"). Finally, she told me I made a good deal.The Montblanc Boutique had blue rollerball refills in stock. For McKenzie's expertise, I was more than happy to spend the extra couple of bucks more than I would have paid for the same refill at a discount office supply store. McKenzie, thank you.
5	I purchased a pair of Sun Glasses from Mont Blanc  in South Africa. When putting them on the lens popped out a few weeks later.  I went to the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall store to get them fixed. They didn't have the parts to fix them at the store and I was leaving for Vegas later that day. To my surprise they replaced my Montevideo glasses on the spot and offered a very upscale service... Thank you to Ryan and Heather for making my first buying experience with this organization a good one!
