5	Wow, great beef. My daughter has been talking about the spinning salad for years. The creamed spinach is awesome. Great service. Not a bad thing about the place, other than the PRICE, of course.
5	Prime Rib in Vegas -- got's to be great, got's to be a show, right?  Lawry's does both.  The steam table comes to you and the chefs carve and dish with great aplomb.  All the sides were wonderful, the meat was heavenly and the dessert awesome.  We were in town for a bachelor party and doing the one fancy dinner bit.  Lawry's suited us perfectly.  Price was right considering the lovely bottles of vino we tippled and the enchanting afterglow that attended our group as we meandered through the casinos for the rest of the night.
5	Lawry's is hands down the best place to go for prime rib!  The atmosphere is awesome.  The service, just as good.  They say, "you get what you pay for" and this is no exception.  The best prime rib comes with a prime price tag.  However, in this case, I would be more than willing to splurge.  It is that good.  They have different cuts of meat which just means they have differnent sizes.  I got the Lawry's cut which is a step below the Jim Brady cut.  The Jim Brady cut is the biggest and it's huge.  I don't know how one person could eat that by him/herself.  The meal comes with Salad (which is freshly spun at your table), Yorkshire pudding, mashed potatoes, and some awesome whipped horseradish.  They have other sides too, but I don't know where you're going to fit it.  For dessert, I had a nap.
5	Another place where we exploited the company credit card, having prime rib slabs cut tableside at Lawry's is one of the best meals you can have in Vegas. Pair it with creamed spinach and mashed potatoes and you'll be more than satisfied.The service is great, as is customary at Lawry's. They basically set the standards for everyone else back in the day.
5	I don't usually review chains but I think Lawry's is a worthy exception.  The first one I went to was located in Beverley Hills.  At the time, I thought I had struck gold and made it a tradition to eat there every time I was down there.  I am totally amazed at how the quality is maintained and the opulence shines through.  Still the best prime rib around anywhere.  I've even copied their creamed corn recipe which is probably the only reason why people even bother to talk to me.The ambiance at this branch seems a little cozier and more romantic than the one in Socal.  The icing on the whole experience was that the meal was expensed.  *sigh*
2	it was ok.  very simliar to house of prime rib but the meal doesn't come with two sides.  salad wasn't that good either.  the best part was the bread.  it was warm, soft in the middle and crispy on the outside.  that was yummy.  the dining area looked like a hotel meeting room.  looked a little too modern for my taste.i'm glad lawry's not in sf and that i get to go to house of prime rib instead.  and don't go to broadway prime.  it's worse than lawry's.  trying to copy but can't get it right.
4	Delicous.  Had the Lawry cut which was awesome.  I really liked the Spinach and Creamy corn sides.  The bread was great too.  I liked it better than Mortons Steakhouse.
4	I do have to admit... This was a really good place... The bone-in-prime rib is absolutely to die for.. I got the regular prime rib and my husband got the bone in prime rib.. what a difference... I also did love the creamed spinach of which it wasn't drenched in cream... the way I like it... and the wine list was spectacular... It is very overpriced but you need to splurge sometime..
4	What can I say...it is what you can expect from Lawry's.  Good service and Great Steaks.  As always...we ordered tooooo much food, our eyes are always bigger than our tummy.  The Prime Rib was cooked to perfection and always great on taste.9/29 - Backed for another business dinner.  Very consistence prime ribs, great service, and no complaints...starved all day because I knew I was coming here.
5	I ate here for the first time last weekend. 5 stars baby! Why?- Yummy yummy salad with beets. I love beets. If I just ate the salad, I'd be happy, but this is not why I came here.- Strong Dirty Dirty Martini. I could only take two sips. I didn't finish it, but it was one of the best martinis everRRR.- nice high ceilings so there was good ventilation and it wasn't some dark gloomy stuffy steakhouse where you couldn't breathe. i could also see my date clearly without having a candle burning in between us. been there done that. it's creepy, not romantic.- Waitress was the sweetest and the nicest. I liked it when her eyes bugged out when I ordered the Jim Brady cut. She asked me if I was sure. I said well I like the bone, give me the bone. She said if I wanted a lawry cut with the bone and I said fine, just as long as I get the bone, my favorite part.- the carver gave us HUGE pieces both with bones. my date didn't even ask for the bone. i ate more than he did. yummy spicy horseradish and creamy horseradish. we were both charged the regular lawry cut price.- spinach that tasted like bacon. woah!conclusion: i'm a bay area native and hands down this place was BY FAR way better than house of prime rib. boo-ya!
5	Bomb ass shit right there! With as many times as I'd have to go to Vegas for work, you'd think I'd be a regular here. Alas, no, my sad pitiful per Diem was only $40 a day. So one glorious work trip to CES during a freakish snow storm on the strip...I decided to starve myself and save all my dough for dinner here. Although I understand they're noted for Prime Rib, I got Salmon. HOLY CRAP, it was so rich and creamy. worth every damn penny. Everything I had that night was great.
5	The best of both worlds.  Steak and prime rib.  Their rib eye is YUM.  Their prime rib is YUM(a little fatty, but you can just cut it off).  Their Twice baked potato is YUM.  Pretty much everything is YUM.   I call it Ruths' Chris and House of Prime Rib in one place.  They have that Prime Rib cart that they push around just like House of Prime Rib.  Service is excellent.  I highly recommend.  I just wish they had one in the bay area!
4	This is one of my parents' favorite places to go. In the 5 times I've been here I've had great service every time. The food is exactly what you'd expect. PRIME RIB. No... I've never ventured off to have the sea bass or a some other daily special. I just go for the steak. A little au jus and some horseradish and I'm good to go.Desserts here are ginormous. I HEART the ice cream sundae though the strawberry shortcake was a leetle bit dry.The food is not extraordinary but the whole dining experience is a great one. I love the space. The booths are big and roomy. The ceiling is really high and a bit art deco. It's not too loud and they play vocal or big band era music. The menu is uncomplicated and so is their wine list. It's basic food surrounded by a great atmosphere and good service.This a great place for banquets too.
4	A restaurant specializing in prime rib, they must know what they are doing, right?  My only other experiences with a prime rib joint is the House of Prime Rib in San Francisco and Broadway Prime in Burlingame.They know what they are doing here and they do it right.  With our party of seven, we were seated in the back room.  It's a bit drafty in the restaurant with the AC turned high, so bring a sweater or something.  Our quirky red-headed waitress who went by the name of Miss Motts, I believe, was informative and knew her stuff.  Did you know the the Lawry spice line was created after the restaurant was opened?  Apparently so many people asked about their seasonings that they decided to market it! My choice cut was The Lawry Cut ($34), which is their standard cut of prime rib.  The Prime Rib dinner includes their "Famous Original Spinning Bowl Salad," Yorkshire Pudding, Mashed Potatoes with gravy, and Horseradish - two ways: homemade whipped cream and their store bought "Atomic."  Other sides you can choose from a la carte include the Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail, Sizzling Skillet of Mushrooms, Lawry's Baked Idaho Potato, Creamed Spinach, Fresh Asparagus, Creamed Corn, and Buttered Peas.  Initially, I wasn't going to get any additional sides, but an order of the garlicky mushrooms came by and I definitely wanted some.  It's a variety of mushrooms that sitting in butter, garlic and white wine, I think.  They also put down a loaf of hot steaming sourdough bread.  The butter just melts on and I just love sourdough.  You have to remember not to fill up on that though 'cuz your meat is soon to arrive.Should you wish to say no to the prime rib (why bother coming then, right?), you can try their fresh fish of the day, lobster tails, or the rib eye steak.Make some room for dessert because they offer Creme Brulee, Chocolate Cake, Banana Cream Pie, Chocolate Bag, etc.  We opted for the Chocolate Bag ($7) which contained this chocolate mousse with fresh berries.  Yummy!Service - our waitress was great in the very beginning and middle.  But my soda was never refilled, nor was any one else's.  She did come around though to refill coffee at the very end.  I also asked her for a box to take home the dessert.  I heard her ask another waitress and no one came with anything.  Eventually, I had to ask a busboy and he came around to take the dessert away and box it up.  It was a bit distracting waiting for that.It's worth checking out their VIP Rewards program. It's a one time fee of $25, but you get a $25 Welcome Certificate to start.  And you get certificates for dining there or their sister restaurants, your birthday and anniversary.  They also have specials going on each month at each restaurant that might be worth checking their website or newsletter for.  You can also make reservations online through their website or through Opentable.com too!Update! 11/02/07 - Returned to celebrate our anniversary dinner.  Both the BF and I had the Lawry's Cut.  We both noticed that the meat was a lot tougher to cut this time, like you definitely needed some elbow grease.  Nonetheless, we still finished up all our food and had no room for dessert.  We did ask our waitress if the beef came from the same company all the time, and she confirmed that it did.  When we mentioned our meat being a bit tough, she said that they would have automatically taken our prime rib away and given us a new slice from a different cart.  We wish we had known, so we could have switched our prime rib right off the bat.  Oh well, good to know for next time.  (Pics of our anniversary dinner posted in the business profile!)
3	The food was just OK.  Maybe that I am pretty much over Prime Rib, but this was just passable.  Nice surroundings, and a great booth.
2	The dinners was "okay" at best.   Go just for the dessert - Banana Cream Pie...yummy!
4	4 Star food...5 Star experienceLawry's is a great middle ground steakhouse (okay, more so prime rib) restaurant for those who want better than the neighborhood Outback but would rather not drop Alexander's-esque money.  In my opinion, the prime rib at Lawry's is in the company of Ruth's Chris and Morton's, all the while being a touch gentler on the pocket book...The decor is fancy and refined enough to be impressive and date-worthy; valet parking, leather couches  and a stone fireplace adorn the lobby/reception, dim lighting, a mellow bar, a spacious dining room.  All the while, this location in particular [Vegas], also seems open to the casual "propriety be d@mned" customer base probably isn't uncommon for this town...Service on this night was excellent!  Our server, Ms. Hughes, was fast, attentive, and personable; checking on us throughout the night, taking the ladies' orders first (a nice touch!), serving the ladies first, suggesting accompaniments, pouring our wines... She was matron-like in her charm and attention...Part of the allure here is the spectacle/show they make of service.  Order wine?  The server pours it for you in with a flamboyant move, cascading a stream of wine from some height into a swirling glass.  The salad course, which is included in the price of any size prime rib entree, is prepared table-side; the server rapidly spins a stainless steel bowl in a large vessel of ice, adding condiments and dressing, gingerly mixing the salad within until the bowl comes to a halt.  And then there's the prime rib.Like House of Prime Rib, anticipation of when one of those big chrome carts of prime rib will finally tend to your table helps build your hunger and makes the experience fun.  The cart arrives, the carver wields his blade, and the server asks you "what type of cut and what temperature would you like that?"...its on...!Now for the price of the prime rib dinner, ranging from $31 for the California Cut, to $34 for the Lawry Cut, to $40(?) for some "this is ridiculous, who can eat all this?" cut... the price also includes the spinning salad, 2 choices of a number of sides, and Yorkshire pudding...So, if you've already broken the bank on craziness on the strip... Lawry's is a nice escape just a couple blocks off the strip...
4	First time ever at Lawry's in Vegas. Small place, more intimate. Same concept, food still delicious, great service. I had a great time. If you havent been to Lawry's Vegas, its worth checking it out. Imagine walking from your Hotel on the strip to Lawry's? Too bad its far away from the strip.
4	i kinda remember going to this place.i kinda remember a bar off to the left or maybe right?i kinda remember stumbling into a booth. i kinda remember some ladies in cute, old diner waitress outfit type dealio. i kinda remember the manager coming by asking us to tone it down and me saying fuck off before i gut you with this (prime rib knife in hand) and my dining companions having to apologize for me and saying hes just kidding hahaha funny guy. i kinda remember stealing the seasoned pepper, saying holy crap, this shit is good. they dont sell this shit in stores do they?i kinda remember sprinkling that season pepper on a stripper later that night. this is vegas. im euge.  god, when am i gonna grow up?of the ten or so times ive been here, this specific time was probably the worst. was working on no sleep, and probably close to a bottle of grey when i arrived. i was not in good shape. ive actually been here sober once. no really. seriously. the food is pretty consistent. i cant really say i would personally make the resvy to come here, its always buddies that want to go. i dont mind the food, but its nothing to get all hot and bothered over. im a huge prime rib fan, but hopr in sf? bleh. broadway prime in burlingame... even more bleh..... lawrys in vegas is probably the best of the three. and yeah, dont bother asking, they wont sell you the outfit to give to you gf, ive asked, many times.... i did manage to get a singapore airlines flight attendant outfit... but thats a whole different story.
4	This old world establishment is perfect for a hearty, wholesome meal.  The portions are generous and the wait-staff, accommodating.  Unfortunately, we were seated 10 minutes later than our reservation time (minus 1 star).  However, the food more than made up for this loss.  Prime rib was delectable and the English trifle, even better!
3	"Ok" sounds just about right.  First time at Vegas location, but, have been to LA location many times and I've usually had a similar response.  And that is that the experience is good, and the food good, but, it never seems to be great.  It satisfies my meat cravings, but, only just barely and for years now, I've been waiting to be impressed.Nice restaurant decor and overall good service.  Always love the creamed corn.  Salad was pretty good this time (not too much dressing as they often do).  Yorkshire pudding just passes, carver's carving technique (look of the cut) very mediocre.  My piece was somewhat veiny and smaller than I'd remembered.  And, I know this is just a fact and its always been the case, but, I'm still going to complain about the fact that not being able to swap out mashed potatoes for baked kind of bugs me, even though I know everything is supposedly ala carte.  In that case, I'd rather do without the mashed all together, which I don't care for much anyway.  Bottom line, I'll continue to go at the suggestions of others, but, really not a place I'd have much to rave about.
4	Been eating at Lawry's since grandpa introduced it to me when I was 10.  Hands down the best prime rib for the money.  Where else can you eat at a fancy upscale establishment and walk away spending less than $50 a person...well, that's if you skip the wine and lobster sides.  Beef and service has always been consistent even between the different locations from LA to Chicago.  There's a lot of great steakhouses across the country but not many that specialize in prime rib.  Oh yeah..just to change up my usual dinner selection, they have a rib-eye portion that's basically a big chunk of prime they throw back on the grill to sear on both sides..WOW.  For steak, I'll go somewhere else..but prime..there is no other.   Don't forget, add creamed corn or spinach, your preference, both great.
4	Mmm Lawry's. I've been meaning to eat here for awhile and finally had the chance to a few months ago.Initial impressions: nice place. All sorts of earth-tones and wood lets you know that you're definitely in a steakhouse. Staff was friendly until we met our waitress.So my friend and I come in, I'm dressed up and ready to go out that night and he's dressed in regular street clothes. We look young and already this waitress had sized us up and gave off a neutral vibe. She wasn't mean or nice. Kind of just "meh".Whatever, I was there for the food anyways. We ordered the beef bowl cut which is this giant slab of meat that they feed the Rose Bowl teams every year at the Beverly Hills location. They start off with this spinning salad thing. Oooo ahhh. Anyways, the give you the yorkshire pudding, choice of potato and of course the meat.The meat was great.That concludes my review.
5	Let me preface this by saying that as a POOR med student, I have never been able to afford these expensive restaurants, unless I score the hookups for pharm dinners. I personally would never spend a dime here. That being said, I do retain the ability to enjoy the finer things in life...at least as much as I can afford it. ;)So, on to the review. I was there on account of a presidential dinner for one of the professional societies I am a member of. EVERYTHING was free, including alcohol. I had two glasses of their house Riesling, which was absolutely PERFECT. Riesling is my favorite kind of wine, and I may venture to say this was my favorite brand that I drank last night.Appetizers consisted of chicken skewers, an asparagus and salmon puff pastry type thing, and a mushroom topped bread hor d'oeuvre.The salad had walnuts, tomatoes, and bacon bits. Simply scrumptious with the bread basket they passed around.DINNER: I don't eat beef, so I opted for the salmon dish, which came with veggies, and these delicious whipped potatoes. The salmon was flavorful and practically melted in my mouth. I think it had some kind of curried thai sauce on top of it...whatever it was, it was yummy! My friends who had the ribs loved them. I also tried the popovers and creamed corn...the creamed corn was sooooo good...I kept stealing it off of my friend's plate.Dessert was this big slice of chocolate cake and a side of strawberries and a strawberry sauce...to top it all off, I had a yummy cup of coffee.The service was fantastic, and the waiters and waitresses were VERY attentive, refilling our glasses before we even had to so much as look at them to get us another one. It was a very enjoyable dinner, probably even more enjoyable due to the fact that I didn't have to pay for any of it. :)
1	I guess if you're a prime rib fan (like everyone else in my family) then you'll be in heaven here.  But, for me, i don't get it.  I've never really dug prime rib and I most certainly wasn't converted after eating at what seems to be known as the class of prime rib eating establishments.Also, I don't get the vibe here.  I can't decide if the "classy" getup they make their waitresses wear is more, less or just as embarrassing as that of a Hooters girl.  And let's face it, Hooters girls are one step away from strippers.And I feel so sorry for the dudes who cut the prime rib.  If I was one of those guys I'd have suicidal thoughts every time I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror wearing that ridiculous outfit.  It kind of reminds me of how sorry I felt for the 35+ year old McDonald's worker I saw being forced to serve hamburgers while wearing a cheesy train conductor's uniform for some promotion when I was younger.And its way over-priced, utterly ridiculous.  Then, if you're like me and not really into the whole giant plate with giant slap of dead cow smothered in heavy gravy with mashed potatoes, etc.  This place wont be for you.Considering all the hype of I've heard about this place over the years, I feel pretty sad to say that the best part of my experience was the free potato chips at the bar and the scoop of plain old vanilla iced cream I had for desert.How so very, very disappointing.
5	Mmmm, so very good....It's a beautiful restaurant, with a quaint 1950's glamor and style to it.  There is a complimentary valet parking, and there's a waiting room was plush with beautiful and immaculate furniture.  The host was very nice, and we were seating almost immediately.  The table was just the right size for our party of 6.  The waitress was a mature lady, dressed nicely, and was to be addressed as Mrs. Tremble, as she informed us.  She was very explanatory in all the aspects of their unique restaurant, and kindly offered us our drinks after a brief pause, giving us just enough time to consider what to order.  The service was very prompt, and the drinks were served nicely in beautiful glassware.  At some restaurants, the service sort of deteriorates if we don't order such things as appetizers, but Mrs. Tremble was gracious in everything we ordered and everything we didn't.  They started first with their famous spinning salad.  It was nothing short of stunning, and it was worth coming for just that.  Next they served the prime rib, sliced fresh at the table.  My cut was served perfectly at medium rare, and I had an order of the creamed spinach, which in my opinion wasn't quite as creamed as I'd have liked, but still really good.   The mashed potatoes were delicious, but not the best I've ever had.  The centerpiece here is clearly the prime rib, and here it did not disappoint.  The occasion was my brother's graduation from high school, and when the reservation was made, they asked immediately what the occasion was.  And after the meal was over, my brother was given a complimentary dessert, with "Congratulations" on the plate.  I'd highly recommend Lawry's for any special occasion, though it might be a little bit pricey to go without an occasion.  Give it a shot, but expect to pay a little under $50 a person.
5	I have to give it 5 stars for the quality of beef and the service.  I've tried many prime rib establishments and by far the quality of the meat is very memorable.  When the meat is like buutta you know its good stuff.  I hate going to places where you are chewing for days because the meat didn't have enough marbleization.  My BFF Andrew had the diamond jim brady cut and i had the california cut.  The house salad was OK, not as good as the one at San Mateo Prime/Broadway Prime.  But the prime rib made up for it.  Next time I will try the desserts.
5	The house of prime rib in Vegas...ooo and they got lobster here.  We had a bday dinner for 16 here.  We had a large table in their dining room.  The prime rib was very good and had the yummy sides.  I also tried the lobster tails.....mmm absolute delish.  I definitely want to come back again the next time I am in Vegas.  Also dinner is only about $50 a person....minus alcohol cause we had bottled service at Tao.
4	My lovely gfs took me here for the big night of my bachelorette party weekend.  I'm such a lucky girl!!! :)Yum I love Lawry's....it's almost as good as House of Prime Rib in SF.  Minus one star....b/c the salad at House of Prime Rib is better and the creamed spinach costs extra here.  The prime rib tastes just as good as HOPR and the customer service was excellent....so I'm giving it 4 stars.I would definitely come back here again!  I'm drooling just thinking about it.
5	So I went here with a large group and we sat in a large round table in their dinning room.  A bit noisy but that didn't bother me because of how good the food was.  Their spinning salad and potato were good, nothing special, but the fact that you get a salad and potato with your steak is pretty good, compared to other places like Ruth Chris.  I'm a sucker for really good prime rib because you just can't duplicate it at home.  I got one of the larger bone in cuts,  which was absolutely amazing.  So juicy and flavorful.  Everyone who got the normal cuts seemed to enjoy theirs.  A couple of my friends got end cuts, which I'm not a fan of, and they both said the ends were some of the best steaks they ever had.  They also have a "ribeye" which is a cut of prime rib that is then cooked like a steak.  Had a bite of that and have to say I may have a tough decision next time I am there.Overall it was a great dinner, and I will be back.
4	i love eating here. granted i can't afford to eat here on my own. but i still enjoyed it when i was with my parents. it's a course meal. the salad is YUMMY. the prime rib: amazing and the yorkshire bread was the first time i ever had it was awesome. my family and i used to eat here so often they gave us birthday rewards. and everytime we brought in a ticket [for each of our birthdays] they would send us a special lawry's seasoning salt with our name on it for free!i think that's pretty awesome. !that atmosphere is great. the food is great. i would recommend eating here
5	Is it worth the cab ride from the strip?  Absolutely!  The service could not be more impeccable, and when I say impeccable, I'm talking proper ladies dressed oh-so-properly in aprons, who refer to themselves as Mrs. So and So.  It all made me feel a bit like a naughty schoolgirl.  But I digress....What brought us there, of course, was the meat.  I've dined at Lawry's in LA, and well, a huge, rare cut of prime rib just sounded good, so away we went, to carnivore heaven.  Perfect as always, from the extra-dry martini, to the spinning salad with amazing house dressing, to the always-perfect prime rib, carved table-side.  I, for a fairly small girl, can pretty much consume my weight in rare beef, so I was pretty damn content.  Yorkshire pudding, done just right added the perfect touch.  All in all, a great meal, served perfectly, which is what one would expect from Lawry's The Prime Rib.A lovely plus?  Not a child in sight!  I'm sure it happens, but thankfully, not while we were there!Dessert?  Well, that was later, at another location, but I'm quite sure they do dessert as well as they do everything else.Highly recommended for a great, hearty, well-served dinner in lovely, comfortable yet somehow manly (in the best possible way) surroundings.
3	I'm not giving Lawry's four stars, because honestly, I'm not much of a prime rib fan. But if I was, I would go there, yes, I would. I ordered the California Cut, which was just the right size for me. I enjoyed the Yorkshire Pudding, as I'd never had it before! And the potatoes were creamy and delicious. The spinach was just okay, I wasn't a big fan. The staff are really helpful and very courteous. I was the only girl at the table, and the waiter just HAD to serve me first (But I guess that's customary of all fancy schmancy restaurants -- and all good restaurants, eh? I'm learning, slowly, slowly...). I would go back I suppose, but there are way more restaurants I'd want to try in Vegas first. But that's just me...antsy to get up and go...and remember, I'm not a big steak and potatoes girl...But if you are, by all means...head on down!
5	best prime ribs i ever had. for their signature prime rib ($37) u get to have the chef cut the piece in front of you. It also comes with yummie salads, horse radish, and mash potatoes. Wish i live in vegas now i dont think we can find prime rib for that price that taste so good....
4	My wife and I, along with our two kids (4yrs and 7 yrs) ate here on 8/6/07. We were in Las Vegas and I was craving prime rib. I was not going to trust a casino serving up $6.95 prime rib to satisfy my craving. So, I put on jeans and a collared shirt so we could dine here. I have been to the Lawry's in Beverly Hills too many times to remember, but this is my first time to their Vegas location.LOCATION: The restaurant is located just off of the strip. There is only ONE entrance I could find to their parking lot, which was on Howard Hughes Drive. I drove by the restaurant the first time and it took me 5 minutes to make my way back.ATMOSPHERE: This is very similar to their Beverly Hills location. It is kind of like a throwback to the great steakhouses of the 1950's with red velvet booths and oil paintings. They have a separate bar area. They did not serve the potato chips and meatballs in the bar that they do at their other location.The atmosphere and staff are genuine, the waitresses (there are no waiters) have oftentimes been there many years. The staff is all dressed in classic formal uniforms. Despite this, I felt comfortable eating here in jeans and a Hawaiian shirt with my kids (they are well behaved), my dress may not have been appropriate for their BHills location though.SERVICE: The service as always was top-notch. I have never had bad service at a Lawry's. They did not have a sommelier on-staff (or at least working that night). I had some questions about a wine and the waitress was happy to get the answer from the manager.Since we had our kids with us, we dined later (at 9:00) so the restaurant was not too crowded. They were able to seat us in a nice booth so that we would not disturb others, since some people may dread seeing smaller children brought into nicer places.FOOD: I am on a constant look out for someone with better prime rib. Claim Jumper (a LA chain) comes a little close, but not nearly close enough. No one does prime rib better than Lawry's, period. The quality of their meat is the key, it is so silky. If you order it medium or cooked even more, I do not know what you will end up with. The only way to eat meat of this quality is medium rare.Prime rib is a roast and it is slow-roasted. Because of this, there is no way for them to cook the meat when you order it. They do such a quantity of prime rib that they pull them out of the oven and right onto large silver carts. The carts keep the meat warm and allow the server to carve it right at your table. You can choose any type of doneness you want.I had the beef bowl cut, their biggest with the rib bone attached. I generally do not recommend ordering anything other than prime rib, but my wife ordered the lobster tails. We then performed a swap and she had some prime rib and I had some tails.The sides were great as always, but the star of the dinner is always the meat. As usual, it was as tender and tasty as can be.My only complaint was that when I had a silver dollar sized piece of meat left, it seemed to have continued to cook and was now medium and not medium rare. This can happen if the meat is taken out of the oven and carved too soon (since it continues to cook for a while). I am sure they would have replaced this piece, but since it was small I declined to ask.RECOMMENDATION: If you are looking for the best prime rib, look no further. If you are looking for cheap prime rib, look elsewhere. If you love prime rib, and have never eaten here, you are truly missing out.
4	I am not that big of a Prime Rib fan. I guess I don't understand why Americans in droves are so enamored over a large slab of tasteless beef that costs $30? I have had my share through the years, but I prefer a Filet Mignon, Porterhouse, or NY Pepper steak instead. I think the best part of Prime Rib is the Horse Raddish!But Lawry's can make most people a fan, because they do it well. They employ the large metal table-side carts, just like House of Prime Rib does on Van Ness in The City. They have at least 5 different sized cuts, from small, sliced, medium, large, and super-large in-bone. The most popular is the Lawry's Cut. This is $37, but comes with their tasty, chilled Lawry's Salad, mash potatoes, and bread pudding. You can order optional sides of cream spinach ( I recommend it, it is good) or corn. You are served warmed sourdough -like bread before the meal.We started in the bar, having 5 of us after a trade show cooling down over cocktails, and talking shop. They have great crunchy potato chips in the bar. You are seated by a hostess when your table is ready, served by a waitress, and a separate chef carves up your meat and plates it for you, table-side4 of us ordered the Lawry's Cut with a side of creamed spinach. The fifth order the one increment larger Jim Brady Cut. It is a lot of food, especially after we started with 2 plates of calamari appetizers to split, which came with a tasty Chipotle spiced Aoili dip. The service is great, the food is very good, and the ambiance is nice and relaxed. Lawry's on Flamingo in the Hughes Center between Paradise and Las Vegas Blvd (the strip).PS - with the Lawry's seasoning and only USDA Prime cuts, this is good Prime Rib. But my favorite part was still the Horse Raddish!
5	We love this place - it's our staple go to place for a hearty piece of prime rib with fabulous service.  Being a VIP member definitely has its perks.  Not only are we always earning gift certificates to dine there, but we also find out about all their monthly specials.Their August Surf n Turf Dinner for Two Special was too good to pass up!  For $99, you get * Lawry's Original Spinning Bowl Salad* Lawry's Special 8 oz. Cut of Roasted Prime Rib of Beef and * one 4 oz. Lobster Tail, * served with Yorkshire pudding, mashed potatoes and whipped cream horseradish, * as well as a choice of creamed corn, creamed spinach, or buttered peasor * Fresh Salmon* and one 4 oz Lobster Tail with seasonal accompaniments* C.C. Brown's Hot Fudge Sundae Sampler* Freshly Brewed Coffee or TeaWe both had the prime rib with creamed spinach.  Dessert was a simple sundae, which is probably all one can eat after filling themselves up with their fresh bread, salad, prime rib, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, Yorkshire pudding, and oh yes, the lobster tail.Service was fabulous as always.  You can never really go wrong at Lawry's!(Photos are posted of our dinner!)
2	Would never go back
5	the prime rib.. what can i say about you... you are so sexy and juicy i just wanna put you in my mouth and chew you slowly, you are so tender and loaded with flavors that everytime i close my eyes, i wouldfall into an out of body experience... to top it off, are your sides of sexy smashy potatoes and cream corn... i think i cream corned my pants. Ive been here once and ill come back for you again....
5	Excellent service, excellent food and I can wear shorts and a t-shirt!  More than deserving of a 5 star rating.  We ordered the Lawry's cut with Lobster and also had the Stuffed Salmon.  As expected, the prime rib was awesome.  Unexpected was that for a meat place, they do fish and lobster pretty damn well.  The Stuffed Salmon was moist, tender and flavorful.  Mmmm.  We also had the sizzling mushrooms which was a mixture of button, shiitake and oyster mushrooms.  I would definitely recommend them - yummy!  Our server was Lucero and she has to be my favorite waitress in all of Las Vegas.  I wouldn't normally remember my server's name, but this lady was outstanding, excellent (insert any great word here).  She made us feel comfortable and she had us laughing the whole time we were there.  She even showed us pictures of her 6 month-old baby!  The spinning salad show and table side carving was also much appreciated.  The carver was wearing this gold medal thing and he even responded well to my comments about him winning a gold medal in the olympics.  Highly recommended and I can't wait to go back!
4	So there was a group of 8 of us ready to eat the heart attack on a plate that is prime rib, mash potatoes w/ gravy, creamed spinach and Yorkshire pudding made w/ pan drippings. YUMMY! We all brought a few bottles of special wine ($15 corking fee per bottle). Not to say their wine list is off but it's not the best in my opinion. Our waitress was funny, attentive and a very good sport considering we were throwing down some serious wine. We all had the prime rib, of course. WHO in their right mind would get anything else? The spinning salad served prior to dinner is made table side and it never disappoints. I HATE BEETS but why do I love them in this salad? I will have to explore that at a later time. Anyway, as expected, food was fab, service even better and they sang me a little song for my birthday and brought me a nice piece of cake. I am a big fan of this place and I even steal the recipes from their website to make my own creamed spinach, creamed horseradish and prime rib. Mine MIGHT be better! Bobby Flay Throwdown?!? Perhaps! Lawry's...ring me up and let's do this!
2	Eh - I was a bit underwhelmed. Maybe I had too high of expectations. I thought this place was going to be a bit more upscale, like a Mortons. The place looked a bit shabby to me, and the food was mediocre. We came on Thanksgiving night and admittedly had turkey instead of prime rib - I know prime rib is the thing here, and maybe my review would be different if I had that. The turkey dinner with all of the trimmings was okay, but I honestly thought the identical meal I had at Koo-Koo-Roo a few days earlier was superior. I was not a fan of the spinning salad at all. Service was polite, but I personally don't like places where they get all creative with the presentation. The spinning salad was prepared by a guy who thought he was an extra in the movie Cocktail, and the uniforms and medallions worn by the servers bordered on ridiculous. Spare me the theatrics; just feed me yummy food. If you are bringing all of your elderly relatives out to dinner, this may be a decent place - it had that vibe. But for me, there are so many fabulous restaurants in Vegas that I can't imagine coming back here.
5	By far the best prime rib I've eaten.  Anywhere.  Here's a tip: if you don't like prime rib, don't eat there.  Yes, they have other things on the menu, but they're filler designed to appease the rare vegetarian in your party.  Don't expect an ever-changing menu of innovative California cuisine or Asian-fusion.  Eat the prime rib and have the delicious sides.  Oh, and if you're a frequent diner, sign up for the Lawry's card.  It's a one-time fee of $25, but they'll immediately mail you a gift card for $25, so it's a wash.  Also, if you present the card every time you eat there, you'll get points that will automatically be converted to more gift cards.  We get at least $25 every time we eat there.
4	Lawry's prime rib tasted like any prime rib you can get at any of the nicer buffets in Vegas. Same with the mashed potatoes, gravy, creamed spinach, and corn. It's fun to have your meat carved in front of your table and to watch them make the spinning salad. The lobster was normal, nothing was spectacular. My honest review is 2 stars but I'll give 2 extra to our delightful server.What I did enjoy was the whole dining experience and our server was a crack up. She was so entertaining. I would go back just for her.  It was my first time, and she said she was happy to pop my cherry, the gay's loved that.  Then she took our order, I told her I'd wait to see what everyone's cut was and then I'd like to go last. She then said, "So I'll do everyone first and then I'll do you last."  My gay friends got a kick out of that too. Then she asked my friends if they wanted a refill on their cokes? When they said no, she replied, " okay, so you're all coked out huh?" Oh the gays loved that one also. I would divulge more but I'm afraid the management will read this review. Let's just say, we had a very nice time at this wonderful establishment.4 stars.
5	We were a group of 6 mostly men. Knowing that they are all the red meat kind of guys we ended up here. I could of had fish, but I went with the Prime Rib as this is the thing here. I can tell you that it did not disappoint. Gosh, it was tender and tasty. My creamed spinach I could not get enough of. I would say this is not like anyone else's prime rib is as the cuts are something else. I took the Lawry's cut which is petite, but the men had the larger ones and man that was a lot of meat on their plates. Our other lady friend had the Sea Bass and she was a very pleased. We had taken our own wine and so by the time I had few too many glasses I was in happy time. Therefore I really should not comment on the desert I had but I will.  Someone ordered me a strawberry cake.  I don't do strawberry at all, but I ate this like it was the best thing ever. So, not sure if it was the wine or possibly this cake was very much all that.  I left not a crumb on the plate.Our server was this wonderful Mom type lady who made us all feel like we were eating at home. Great atmosphere. I think if you are doing a group deal I recommend Lawry'. Here you will get great food and service.
5	out-freakin'-standing! i dunno how else to say it. everytime we visit vegas we try to get out to lawry's and everytime it's out-freakin'-standing. always cooked to perfection and seasoned just so. they been doing this right for a long long time so it's to be expected. i think you hafta  have a collared shirt but it ain't snooty at all. they are always able to squeeze a bunch of rowdy guys like us in even if we wanna come in only half hour before closing but make sure you call ahead. service is impeccable. most of us get the prime rib that is literally swimming in au jus, a few opt for the ribeye, then we get about a half dozen sides and share. a couple beers while we wait and you're in business. oh, and just a warning if you've only had creamed horse radish, the fresh stuff is border line radioactive and a little bit goes a long way lest you wanna end up like that dude in the movie "blow" - "i can't feel my face". aww yeah.
5	Can prime rib get any better?  Only at Lawry's...  4 Stars for prime rib.On our last trip to Las Vegas the wife and I decided to try a real prime rib restaurant since I'm a big fan of steaks and prime rib.  From reading previous reviews I had high expectations for the service and quality of the prime rib.  I was NOT disappointed!The ambiance of the restaurant is spot on and the service was excellent.  When they seat you they pull the table out so you don't have to squeeze and slide into your booth.  Now that's service...We ordered the famous spinning salad which was prepared table side.  Now the star attraction...  The shiny chrome prime rib cart came around and as the gentlemen opened the cover to reveal prime rib paradise.  I couldn't resist, I wanted to order the biggest thickest cut they had.  Reality and wife kicked in and I settled for a 16oz cut, mash potatoes and sauteed mushrooms.  The taste and quality of the meat was excellent.Before we left I had to take a picture of my prime rib cart pushing hero.  He was nice and even did the hands on the hip pose with the cart cover open.  That was worth the extra 1 star!I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Las Vegas!
5	Our neighbors got us hooked on this place. The first time I went, I dutifully ordered the prime rib and it was good. I order my steaks rare and it's hard to find a really nice rare piece of prime rib that tickles my fancy, but with the atomic horseradish I was quite satisfied. The Yorkshire pudding is good for soaking up the steak juices, but other than that not very flavorful (which might be normal for this dish, as I have not had it anywhere else.) The creamed spinach side was wonderful! We also had the creamed corn, which was also quite good. The second time (and every time since) I ordered the rib eye. Let me just say that this will not disappoint! It is grilled over rosemary sprigs and is infused with it's flavor. The outside of the steak is perfectly crisp and the inside is nice and tender (as well as blood rare like I order it.) The rib eye comes with scalloped potatoes which are heavenly. The spinning salad that comes with all of the dishes is quite tasty although my husband doesn't like the beets in it. The service is another HUGE plus for this restaurant. The hostess is always warm and friendly, and now remembers us by name. The wait staff is always attentive and willing to share a laugh and a story or two.
4	My grandmothers 80th birthday. Vegas trip of COURSE!! For her birthday dinner 16 of us went to Lawry's. We had a reservation but still had to wait a little, but with 16 people that was fine. The service was great, I liked having my meat cut table side. The salad was good, but nothing to crazy. The prime rib was really good, the lobster tail was really tasty, my fiance was to full to finish hers which I did not mind :)They did a great job with our group, and we had some pretty picky eaters. They divided up the bill in the way we requested... As far as spending this much money on a meal, I prefer the Sterling Brunch Buffet... but that's cuz I LOVE overeating (and drinking) really good food (and champagne)...
5	Is it wrong to travel 1500 miles across the country just for dinner? Not so crazy if that place is Lawry's. My last meal would be from here, for crying out loud! Not only is the prime rib the best anywhere, but the sides are the best I've ever had as well. The creamed corn, spinach, mashed potatoes and yorkshire pudding are so good......as they say in the south, it'll "make you want to get up and slap yo momma".I'll be eating here in less than a week - I can't wait!!!
5	Okay so this place rocks.You cannot go here without getting tyhe Prime Rib, it is amazing. The stick some mash potatoes and Yorkshire Pudding and I am in ex pat heaven. My one tiny tiny gripe is give everyone the yorkshire puddings in one piece so you can pour the gravy in and have a delicious bowl. That is how it is done, none of this cutting the yorkies into pieces business. The decor was semi fancy and the service was brilliant. Our servers all had a sense of humour, which you need when faced with a group of 15 guys out for shenanigans.This place is a must when you visit Vegas.
4	I've been here four times and haven't been dissappointed yet. By far the best prime rib i've EVER had. The meat is perfectly cooked medium rare and juicy. Just let the carver know you want an extra big slice....and he will hook it up.-1 star because it comes with bland mash potatoes with no flavor. You can get a baked potato instead but it costs $6 for that...lame. We also got the creamed corn and creamed spinach which was nothing special.Ended up costing around $50 including tax and tip. Much better deal than paying the same price for one of those disgusting buffets at the casinos.
5	Yes, the prime rib kicks ass here. Probably the best that Ive ever had. Whenever Im in Vegas I always try to get my friends away from the casinos and venture out of the buffets and into Lawrys.Its that good here, service is excellent and its always a packed house here. Your dinner doesnt come on a plate via a server, its rolled out to you on a carving station ! They're proud of their meat here.
4	I am not a big prime rib fan but the prime rib here was pretty damn good. We all decided that we wanted at least one nice dinner while we were down here and a friend told us that Lawry's was the place to go. There were about 30 of us so we got our own private room and two awesome servers, both named Ms. Brown.For about $50 you get the dinner that consists of prime rib, mashed potatoes, and a side of vegetables. The prime rib was tender and delicious and is carved right in front of you. The mashed potatoes and vegetables were good, but I was unable to finish it all. I was thinking about getting a side of asparagus, but since I couldn't finish everything I am glad I didn't. I would highly recommend that you try this place when you come down to Vegas.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
5	Had a private party in the one of their rooms for my 21st birthday dinner.  I normally don't like prime rib but Lawry's is delicious.  But I absolutely loved loved loved their lobster tail. The sides are also pretty good.  They made special menus for my birthday as well as little seasoning shakers for party favors.  I thought it was a nice touch.  Everyone at the party enjoyed themselves.  The service was excellent.  They also have a great selection of wines and cocktail drinks. (Sigh, when some of my friends realized it was an open bar, they HAD to order the most expensive glass of wine. oh my, i still can't forget when I saw the bill) Anyway, I really liked this place.  I've tired their other locations in Beverly Hills and their sister restaurants in the OC, and I'd have to say the one in Las Vegas is the best.  Yes, its a little pricey but its worth it for special occasions that you want to remember.
5	Went with eight people after a cocktail party at the Wynn, and we had a phenomenal dinner. Everyone was having prime rib - it is carved at the table, you select your cut and side dishes, and then you eat and enjoy!  The service is top-shelf, the restaurant had atmosphere to burn, and is how I would imagine old Las Vegas used to be.  When you are in Las Vegas, do not miss Lawry's; it is a (wait for it)... cut above!
5	I've never been to any of the Lawry's although I've always wanted to try the Beverly Hills one when I lived in So cal. It was pleasantly surprising. the prime rib was delicious, along with the sides of mash, bread, creamed spinach and creamed corn. I also got a side of lobster tail which was very good as well. The only bad thing was my bf and I had split a plate and they charged us $15 for it to share it. I could of just ate off his plate or ordered another prime rib for that. We didn't have reservations but did not have to wait long.
5	first time ever to try lawry's. too excited to try it, too eager to try it, too much expectations from them, and so impressed that everything turned out excellent! i had two days of prime rib from wynn and bellagio buffet before going to lawry's. it was kinda..too much..like beef overload. but that didn't stop me from going to lawry's for a third day of prime rib. wat a great decision, i would probably be crying and regretting it if i didn't. they do have the best prime rib ever! well..so far. service is also something to mention about, it's nearly all middle age women from hostess to servers. they make you feel special and taken care of. i rmbr our server was Miss Wilson, she was unbelievably friendly, and very talkative. at first we thought all those ladies were kinda scary because they are very dramatic/cartoon-like..or if you wanna call it "fake," that's fine. they reminded me of that fairy godmother of cinderella's, dunno why, they kinda look like her. but anyways, service was really good.food wise, of cox the prime rib was super delicious. i think we got the lawry's cut and did a split plate (which they charge for an extra $15), but the portions are pretty big...then they split everything for you, the mash potato, salad, the two lobster tails that we ordered. i would say that everything was great, besides the mashed potato. i don't know why, it just had more than just butter and cream in it, it has another taste in it that i didn't like much. we also got the mushroom on sizzling plate as a side. it was good, but oily, fattening, high in cholesterol. o well, the meal was superb. kinda craving it now.oh..n did i tell u, they also make the salad in front of you, it's called "spinning the salad in a ice-filled bowl," and they pour the dressing from sky high. kinda cute. dunno wat dressing it was but the salad was goood!
4	Went there yet again in aug 09 but the Lawrys cut seemed a little smaller this time. Still just as tasty tho!
1	First of all,  if you want to present yourself as a fine dining establishment (lowest price entre' is $32),  maybe try adding a dress code.  Board shorts, flip flops and dirty tee shirts from other patrons seemed out of place.We were seated at a TINY quarter booth table, even though 5 regular sized booths remained empty during our meal.I ordered my prime rib, MEDIUM and got bloody red, RAW meat that was not even warm.  the table next to us had to send back their meat twice for being too raw. The potatoes were BORING,  the cream corn was ok, but on the menu it looks like its included in the meal, and on the bill it was $12.00 extra.  The yorkshire pudding was DRY and boring. The waiter and bus boy, barely spoke english.  How about hiring some Americans!They gave us a free desert for our anniversary,  but it wasn't even edible.  One bite confirmed it was gross. They wouldn't accept the gift cards we had for the whole amount.  said they could only use $40 of the $50 on the card.The one good thing....the BONE that the dog liked just fine.If you want good Prime Rib in Vegas...save your money and have the $12.99 cut at Binions coffee shop, even cheaper with your players card.
5	This is an amazing restaurant! I've eaten at top steak houses around the country and this is the top-of-the-top. The ambiance, the attentive staff, and the mouth-watering food combines to make this 'THE' place to get a terrific and memorable meal in Las Vegas. They pay attention to the little details and pull it off with such apparent ease.  The cuts of beef are so tender and the sides (I had asparagus and mashed potatoes) were equally amazing. I plan to eat here the next time I visit Vegas.
4	I have loved Lawry's ever since my first time in Beverly Hills. Luckily the one in Las Vegas is equally good.I always order the California cut with a side of creamed corn. It comes with the spinning bowl salad, yorkshire pudding, and mashed potatoes with gravy. I wish I had enough stomach space to eat an appetizer. I love their salad and I normally don't think salad is that great. Both their creamed corn and their mushroom side dishes are delicious. Their service was very good and our waitress was very nice and attentive. She very patiently explained all the steps of our meal and what each item on the table was used for. She was very nice and helped us pick a wine to go with our meal. Their wine line is also very reasonably priced. The only reason why Lawry's gets four stars instead of five is because I wish they served their food on hot plates. My prime rib got cold after the first few bites because I was busy eating everything that came with my meal.
5	I usually eat here at least once a month, it is so good, the ambiance and cleanliness, friendly people. I have enjoyed, Prime Rib, um-mm the best, Salmon Steak, vegetable plate. All three course meals the deserts are also very good. You cannot go wrong. It is a great place to hold a business meeting as well.
4	I have enjoyed Lawry's on several occasions and one thing people need to remember is they ain't changed anything since the 60's. It is what it is and it aint gonna change. You had better be ready for Prime Rib cause that's all it is. Damn it I like it.
5	Although it is a copy of the original LA institution, it is a fine place for supper, and I use that term purposefully.Everything here is done and presented with old-world class and flair.  The best part: the food matches these efforts.If your in Vegas and you want a great meal and have the money to spend, work your way over to Lawry's.Reservations are a good bet.
2	Our whole trip to Vegas for Thanksgiving weekend was based on the idea of having Lawry's for dinner.  Have been to Lawry's in both Vegas and LA a few times over the years... and always a good meal.  But this time... not so much.  I have prime rib... and it was good but not great.  Wife had the turkey dinner... which was mediocre and wasn't served with all the sides (missing the cranberries) and by the time we got a visit from our server... meal was pretty much done.  Also ordered the pumpkin pie... it was horrible.  On the bright side... the kids got to eat in a classy restaurant for their first time (ages 8 and 5) and did fine... but wouldn't consider this place kid friendly.  Several close calls with the drinks in tall glasses.
5	I went to Vegas this past September and had an awesome time.  My best friend came with me and we had the best eating experiences.  Lawry's stood out - famous for their Prime Rib.  From the time we were greeted at the door to catching a cab and everything else in between, I must say it was an excellent experience.  We started at the bar (where else would you start, HA!) and then we were walked over to a comfy table.  I didn't know what to expect but our awesome waiter walked us thru.  We began with the famous spinning salad (not that impressive).  I wanted white wine and he recommended this half bottle of...yikes, I forgot the name?  When ordering, he looked at me and automatically said the California cut (smaller cut) while my friend had the Lawry cut (traditional).  The dinner included the salad, yorkshire pudding, mashed potatoes, & whipped cream horseradish.  We also shared a serving of lobster tails and creamed corn - yummylicious!!  Even with the smaller cut, I could not finish my plate.  The servings are so HUGE!! The food deserves 4 stars and the service deserves 10 stars! The staff was so personable and I loved our waiter.  He was AWESOME!!!  Great conversation, served food at a good pace, and very attentive.  Definitely a must go when visiting vegas.
4	Although the original in Beverly Hills is much closer to us, it took the Las Vegas outpost to get us in the door.Lawry's is one of my husband's favorite places to grub on juicy prime rib. Their original spinning bowl salad is unique and basically if you don't like the house dressing, you're out of luck. I recommend getting a side order of the lobster tails to make your meal a surf and turf. The staff is attentive and always willing to answer your questions. I'm glad we dropped by.
5	We went here for New Year's eve.  They even gave us New Year's party hats and noisemakers.One of the best prime rib dinners I have ever had! We had Mrs. Morrison as our server who was so friendly and informative.  She gave us a brief history of the place and delivered wonderful service.  The prime rib was nicely seasoned and not bland like other places.  The yorkshire pudding and mash potatoes were delicious! Try the chocolate cake, it's a great way to end the meal.  Yum!!!
5	What a great way to start the New Year...have a mouthwatering piece of Prime Rib at Lawry's.  I've only been to the original in Beverly Hills but watching all the Rose Bowl teams enjoy the annual Beef Bowl on the news made me crave Lawry's even more.I love how Lawry's has never changed.  You still receive exceptional service, delicious food and a grand experience unlike no other.Screw those Las Vegas buffets that offer all you can eat Prime Rib for $9.99.  You will never want another slab of succulent Prime Rib carved from anywhere else but LAWRY'S famous silver cart!
4	Took my husband here back in 2006 for his birthday and thought I'd write a review on it.  When we went it was a very nice restaurant and kind of like Mortons' they have a waiter show you (tangibly) what your choices are.  Very good food, very good drinks and we had a blast getting tipsy and giggly at everyone.  Spent about $200 but that is very common sometimes it goes up a bit higher depending on what you want.  I like it WAY better than the LA restaurant.
5	Was in town for a convention and Yelped local area restaurants off the strip to try out. We were casually dressed and felt a little out of place, but the staff was so awesome and said we were fine. Wow oh Wow the Prime Rib was the bomb very juicy. My husband is a critic on food and this was the best place he has been to for Prime Rib. Service was exceptional and very friendly.
4	I first started going to Lawry's at the Chicago location. The atmosphere is better there, but the food is just as tasty here.The spinning bowl salad, creamed corn and fudge sundaes are superb. The prime rib is delicious, too. Service is always top notch.
5	Lawry's is so worth it here. I have found the Rib-Eye Steak to be the best thing on the menu.. Prime Rib great but the Rib-Eye Steak is beyond great!! Don't waste your money on theme restaurants on the Strip, this is the place to be.
2	I can't believe the ratings this place gets.  I went with a group of 15 and we were all, uh, underwhelmed.  The veggies were "old people style" soggy, over cooked and over spiced.  The salad spinner was gimmicky.  The prime rib average at best.   I had the rib-eye cut, "Rare" (as did several at our table).  Came back nearly medium, as did the others.  The meat lacked significant crust, spice or smoke that makes a great prime rib.  If it had potential, i would have sent it back, but this was as good as this cut of meat would get.  Very lean actually, which is a sign of lower grade prime rib.  Service was great, friendly.  But for the price?  Never again.   I'll leave you with this - there are so many fine-dining establishments in Las Vegas these days.  Don't waste your time here.
5	amazing,simply amazing... *side note-do not go to any strip restaurants unless you have reservations when conventions come to town.
5	This is a must stop every time we go to Vegas for our boy's weekend out getaways for golf, gambling, and glutony.Lawry's Vegas easily has the best prime rib I've ever had (and trust me, I've had lots).  I've also found that the Vegas Lawry's is much better and more consistent compared to the LA one (the original Lawry's).Great service from the moment you pull up and hand you keys to the valet.  They always treat us like royalty even though many times we're stanky from a couple rounds of golf or are hauling around a drunk bachelor dressed as Elvis (complete with painted on sideburns).We do however have some rules of etiquette when we go to Lawry's.  1. EVERYONE must get the Bowl cut (all 32 boneless ounces of it)2. NO ONE is allowed to order it cooked more than Med-Rare3. ANYONE that doesn't finish it pays for everyone else's meal
5	One of my new favorites!Knowing nothing about Lawry's, but hungry for steak, I decided to give this place a try.  I didn't know it is a chain and not only that, and it was only until I sat at the table I figured that it is the same Lawry's as the bottles of meat seasoning at any supermarket.The restaurant is very nice and is a throwback to Hollywood of the 1950's.  The staff and service are excellent and exudes gracious and grand service of the past.  I especially like the waitresses with their retro outfits and the nametags that addresses them as Miss something.I love a good piece of cow, but I am not a huge eater, so I was a bit horrified to see cooks and waitors moving giant slabs of beef across the room.I shared a shrimp cocktail (which was good but not great as I thought it a tad over cooked) and a calamari plate (good, but also a bit overcooked) as an appetizer.  When the restaurant has Prime Rib in it's name, you got to order it and I am glad I did, though next time I would probably try the rib-eye steak as it also looked good.The spinning salad was a bit gimmicky, but it made for a great chilled salad with the dressing perfectly coated lightly in every bite.  The shredded beets was much appreciated in the salad. Not prepared to eat an obscene amount of beef I ordered the English cut which is three large slices cut extra thin, it was one of the smaller portions on the menu.  I had it rare and it was soooo good, it almost melted in my mouth.  It would be crime to order your prime rib any more than medium, the rarer the better.The two types of horseraddish sauce served at the table were a nice touch.  The regular horseraddish sauce was wasabi-like strong and the creamed horseraddish sauce was very mild, almost buttery. The potatoes and gravy on the side were perfect, however the Yorkshire pudding was a bit disappointing.  I am a lover of Yorkshire pudding and only had it in the U.K. so I was expecting a light flaky individual portion of pastry bowl filled with gravy, but this was more bread-like and doughy in the middle and the portion was cut from a large bowl piece.  This must me the American version of it.The final tab was very reasonable considering the amount of food and the quality of service provided.  My share of the tab was about $75 and that included two killer martinis which I requested with their excellent hand stuffed blue cheese olives.Forget Ruth Chris' Steakhouse and Morton's, this is my new favorite steak restaurant.
5	Was in Vegas for a family get together when we stopped here for dinner, what a great choice that was. I was only aware of how amazing Lawry's season salt was before this experience and I didn't even know there was a chain of Lawry's restaurants. The prime rib was ever so succulent and the mashed potatoes and corn were amazingly buttery!
5	This is the best prime rib place I have ever been too. The service is great and the prime rib taste is excellent.
4	Okay, so I came here for with my buddy during a night in Vegas and although the steak and service was awesome, it didn't have the two guys hanging out type of atmosphere. The place was very exquisite and felt very posh, but at the same time seemed more of a "date" or anniversary or even a milestone birthday sort of a vibe. Not a place for two guys to just chow down on some fresh beef, killing a few pitchers of beer and laughing it up. We had reservations so we waited less than 5 minutes while they made sure our table was properly ready. The dining room is a very tall one story high volume (at least 25' high) area with crown molding and soft lighting everywhere. When they sat us in our high backed curved booth, they literally pulled the table out so we could be seated and then pushed the table back in. Once they knew we were going to have prime rib and steak (as if we came here for a salad), they brought out this huge rolling cart that was domed. Under the dome was a mountain of actual various choices of meat that we could get. My prime rib looked succulent and ready to jump in my belly; my bros steak had just the right amount of marbling for that juicy taste. They tagged the pieces we selected and rolled the cart away towards the kitchen. When the steaks came out, the tender meat seemed to jump onto my fork and just melt in my mouth. I've been to other steak houses and this was one of the best pieces of meat I've had (outside of Texas). The sides were awesome as well; the potatoes, the mac n cheese, the creamed spinach, the bread ... all great. And the drinks were great too; we had a few beers as well as a couple glasses of scotch and finished off with a simple rum and coke. Overall, the food and service were outstanding but it was the more formal atmosphere that kept the dining experience from falling off the charts.
5	I'd been holding off on writing a review as I wanted it to be something cool for number 200. This place has earned that right.While there may be many places in Vegas you can get "prime rib" for $10, I can guarantee you the quality and service doesn't hold a candle to a dinner at Lawry's.The first thing that strikes you when you walk in is the feel of the place. It looks like it was transported in from the 1940's. We arrived very early for our reservation hoping to be seated earlier, alas to no avail. However, we were directed to the lounge area to enjoy a predinner cocktail. (Bonus points to anyone who can guess what I ordered.)Upon being seated we were introduced to our server, Ms. Backman. Not Susan, or Stephanie, or Alice. Her name was Ms. Backman. Ms. Backman introduced us to the menu and let us know we could choose our cut of prime rib when the carver wheeled the roaster around to our table. We started off with some shrimp cocktail which was good. The one issue I did have with it was the cocktail sauce didn't have enough horseradish, ironically enough.After finishing our appetizer, Ms. Backman came back to prepare our spinning salad and deliver our wine (bottle of J Lohr cab). Shortly after the salads Ms. Backman came back to introduce us to Juan, our carver. He opened up the roaster to present us with a three skewers of meat, mashed potatoes and other sides if you were interested. We both went with the The "Diamond Jim Brady" Cut, which includes the bone. It was served with mashed potatoes and doused with au jus, with horseradish (creamed and straight) on the side. The meat was unbelievably flavorful and tender. It certainly didn't need any horseradish, but as I love horseradish I couldn't resist. The mashed potatoes were of course perfect (you have to work hard to mess up mashed potatoes), and the gravy awesome.Trust me - resist the urge to visit a $10 buffet to get your prime rib. You get what you pay for, and this place is worth the extra money.
4	Let me start out saying that I heart House of Prime Rib in San Francisco. I think that is the best prime rib I have ever eaten...My buddy and I arrive at 9 pm and get seated in the "casual business" room. Yes... Its the room to the far right of the main dining room. We both were sporting dark jeans and a nice button up shirt, but he was wearing tennis shoes since we came straight from picking him up at the airport. Either way, casual dressed room is fine with me... =)The overly pleasing waiter hands us our menu and retreats to grab some bread. We give the menu a once over and decide on the biggest cut... The Beef Bowl Cut. Advertised as "A double sized cut with the rib bone, as served to the Rose Bowl and Cotton Bowl teams"... How can we go wrong?The waiter comes back and takes our drink orders. We tell him that we are ready to order and he tells us to wait. What? Wait?! He proceeds to tell us that the cut and sides order is taken after the appetizers and salad when the cool Hindenburg looking cart magically appears.He returns and brings the salad. They spin and toss it the same way HOPR does it in San Francisco, but we didn't want to ruin his show so we played along... Ooooo.... ahhhh.... Fancy! The salad is refreshing and a must to stay regular in the morning after so much meat! Haha.We make haste on the salad with the main course on our minds. Finally... The moment we've all been waiting for... The silver blimp mobile cart! The waiter introduces the master carver, Insert Name Here (really, because his name isnt that important and he isnt going to slice you a bigger piece no matter what clever witty line you throw at him), and proceeds to ask us what cut we would like. "Beef Bowl Cut. medium rare please", and yes we say please because we are polite! Haha.Some differences... HOPR comes with a choice of mashed or baked potato with the works. Lawry's only comes with mashed.  HOPR comes with a choice of creamed corned or creamed spinach. Lawry's has those too.... But for a price. I think it was like $6 or something for a scoop of the creamy spinach. Either way, I had to get it just to taste comparison...The 25oz bone in medium rare prime rib was humongous. Was I going to eat the whole thing? You better believe it! Or die trying...! We dig in. The meat was tender and flavorful. The au jus sauce was a wonderful supporting character to the show. The raw horseradish was the perfect "you complete me" condiment and boy did it ever...!Needless to say, we both made it pretty damn close to finishing it. All that was left was the meat near the bone, which I took home with my unfinished mashed potato and creamed spinach. Yes, it was still pretty good the next morning too!And after every show there is the..... encore! Yes! HOPR always offers you a complimentary second slice, which is a thin cut, but a nice touch... Lawry's? Nope... Would I have eaten it if they offered it? Probably not... But its the thought that counts!All in all I would like to say that HOPR still reins supreme in my heart but Lawry's does make a suitable substitute in Las Vegas... Well that is until I try another prime rib joint... And no... The prime ribs they serve in the buffets are nowhere close to the real deal.As always... Check out the picture!
5	Went here for my birthday dinner last year.  The food was great the spinning salad is delicious. I love the 1940s feel of the restaurant.  All the waiters are so friend.  We had the bone in prime rib with lobster, for the sides I had the cream of corn.  Food was delicious lobster was not dry.  They pudding bread is out of this world, dipping it with the sauce is so good.Well worth the price! I go now everytime I'm in vegas!
5	Still as classy a place as ever.Great service: can't beat the spinning bowl salad presentation.  The servers are always so nice and helpful.  Great food: you won't get a better prime rib.  Anywhere.  The sides are equally as delicious and the creamed corn is a must.  The add on lobster tails were a bit small, but made up for it in taste.  Great ambiance:  While the restaurant in Beverly Hills is a bit more dressy, in Vegas you can dress up or down.  Just don't come in shorts or tank tops.  It seemed a bit slow for a Saturday night, but Vegas did in general.  Tough times for everyone it seems.  We still made a reservation just in case.Price: Worth every penny!
5	Prime Rib is what it is all about.  There are a few choices for those that do not care for beef but really, Prime Rib is king at Lawry's.  Good bar staff, friendly and well trained dining room staff, nice spacious dining room and simply the best Prime Rib you are likely to ever have.;
5	I got the California Cut and my BF got the "Diamond Jim Brady" Cut, which was absolutely crazy huge. Spinning salad was awesome, the Yorkshire pudding was surprisingly good, Mash Potatoes were like what you normally would expect a fine dining restaurant, and creamy horseradish was also great (if you like horseradish). Everything was yummy! We also added lobster to the mix which was awesome with the butter and lemon! YUM!!! Always a good choice for dining!
5	I did'nt know much about Lawry's other than the fact that they are known for ribs.  I went there for dinner & I was BLOWN AWAY! The level of customer service is IMPECCABLE!! Their staff pays attention to details & are very friendly. It's a very classy place & the ambiance is sooooo cozy & comfortable.  The food was scrumptious! Although I'm not a meat-eater I found other fish/vegetable options on the menu. I would go back again!
5	Love everything about eating here. From the uber formal waitresses (Mrs.____) to the spinning salad, oh, I DREAM about this place. I can only get here about once a year, but believe me I'm thinking about it for the other 364 days. Went here this past weekend and our party (9 people) were seated in the back room near the wine cellar. It was a nice, quiet, private room, since no other groups were in there, but we were also like "Wait, are we back here because we're so ugly?!" haha. As usual I got the traditional Lawry's cut prime rib. Love the spinning salad. How original. Usually I'll pass on salad before a meal, but here I'll eat whatever they put in front of my face. The bread, though understated, is AMAZING. Warm, soft sourdough. *Drool* Then comes my fine hunka meat. HUGE beautiful piece of prime rib. Every bite...yum. I can't even describe.Sure, it's pricey, but SO worth it.
5	This place was great... I enjoyed the food... the service... and the fact that I didn't have to valet my car and didn't have to walk 10 miles to my destination...lol...  Overall.. it was great...
4	Juicy.  Meaty.  Like butta.This place never disappoints.  From the formality, to the service, to the main event, everything just clicks.  The consistency is surprising for a Vegas joint.  If you haven't been here, go.  Now.  It beats anything on the strip (including any and all buffets, which IMHO don't even come close).  And when you go to Lawry's, don't ask for chicken, don't ask for fish.  You're here for a reason: prime rib.  The meat is just so succulent, tender and juicy that it's a straight up crime if you haven't experienced prime rib this good (or better...I do agree that the pomp and circumstance at House of Prime Rib raises the bar a notch).  I love that you can cut through your meat with a fork.  Like butta, baby.  I am, however, anal retentive/obsessive compulsive and hate food mixing on my plate, so my only wish for Lawry's is to have all the sides served on a separate plate or bowl.  When you're eating food this well prepared, that's a trivial gripe.
5	Still the only prime rib for me!  I reviewed Lawry's in Las Vegas a few years back but wanted to update my review.  The food still rocks with their traditional spinning salad bowl, fabulous prime rib (I prefer the full flavor of the English cut), home style mashed potatoes with rich brown gravy, yorkshire pudding and cooked to perfection asparagus (an add-on).  Love both their house merlot and cabernet.  What i wanted to comment about is my newest discovery - their French Martini.  If you enjoy well crafted cocktails, this is one to try.  Vodka, Chambord, and pineapple yield a not too sweet yet very flavorful concoction.  Distinguished, low-key atmosphere (you can actually carry on a conversation during the meal), outstanding service, and free valet parking compliment the best meal in town.
4	First, let me say that I am usually not a fan of places that really focus on the presentation of the food, as they usually tend to disappoint me with the actual food.  Lawry's The Prime Rib does well with both.  I was there entertaining clients, and they were impressed by the comfortable dining room, as well as the food.The Pros:- Comfortable dining room- Great meal (All inclusive dinner with salad and potato side)  addl sides cost extra.- Affordable compared to Del Friscos or MortonsThe Cons:- If I am going to nit pic - Selection is limited, but you should know that going in if the place is called The Prime Rib
5	Very similar to the Beverly Hills one. Except in Vegas, they have a crazy ribeye and the interior is more modern and newly built with less personality. I prefer the old school charm of the Beverly Hills location. Delicious warm sourdough bread, refreshing spinning salad with Lawry's seasoned pepper and cold forks, huge baked potatoes with the works, juicy prime-rib with a lot of horseradish, a double order of creamed corn and spinach on the side, and fluffy Yorkshire pudding to soak up the bloody au jus!One of the best meals on the planet!!
4	Lawry's is the best prime rib Las Vegas has to offer, period. @ Prime Rib - You come here for the prime rib. They have a variety of cuts ranging in different prices. in terms of price, the beef bowl is the best bang for your buck, IF you can finish the 24 oz (w/ bone) of prime rib goodness for $49. The Lawrys cut is around 10oz of prime rib for $36.  The best for most people.The California cut is around 6oz for $32. Not worth it unless you have a small appetite. It may be worthwhile to just share a beef bowl if you're planning on doing a California + Lawrys cut. There are more cuts, but I think these are the only cuts you should be interested.Also, you must get rare or medium rare. It just makes the carver sigh if you order any other temperature of meat. If you don't eat your meat red, you really have to try it just once. Its worth it.@ Bread - Good bread is the type of bread that makes you keep grabbing more before your delicious prime rib comes out. This would have been the case if I wasn't getting a beef bowl.@ Spinning Bowl Salad - Being the guy I am, I really don't like my greens. But this salad was very fresh and just good. Spinning your food before eating must make everything taste better!@ Yorkshire Pudding - This is actually bread. People seem to love this, I don't. This is more of a personal preference though.@ Mash Potatoes - This is really the only disappointing item. It just lacks flavor and just doesn't have the nice smooth mash potatoes texture that I want. I love mash potatoes, so this was a big deal for me. My favorite mash potatoes is the one at Cheesecake Factory, and they give you mountains of that stuff! YumBesides the prime rib, one of the strongest key points is the attention to detail. Service is top notch. The wait staff is very friendly and very attentive. You're treated like a king or queen here. The first time you come here, you'll be awed by the presentation of the spinning bowl salad. They also provided you a cold fork just for your salad. Drinks are refilled fast. If you have leftovers, they package everything for you. Lastly, if you babies in your party, they provide you stands for the baby car seats. All of this attention to detail is what separates those 4 star and 5 star restaurants. This is a nice restaurant, so try to dress appropriately. However, they really don't enforce any dress code. I did come in shorts, a t-shirt, and flip flops and they didn't seem to mind. I did feel like I was underdress though.If a cute girl wants to go to Lawrys, you take her here. No excuses. There is no substitution in Vegas. The smile in her face at the end of the meal will be worth the price you pay.Other than the mash potatoes, I have zero complaints about this place. I want to give this place a 5 star for the great prime rib, service, and attention to detail, but the disappointing mash potatoes just won't let me give this place a 5 star. P.S. Don't bet that you finish 2 beef bowls, you won't. Trust me on this.
5	I loved it. Its different then the usual prime rib in that its bone in, but the service was great and you get to see them slice that bad boy off the roaster. Wouldn't have it any other way.
5	Oh My God! I thought I died and went to heaven... went here June 25th for my husbands 35th birthday and wow I don't even know how else to describe it other than best ever! I was so in heaven and our waitress was the best, the atmosphere and dinner was amazing I can't wait to go back!
5	Great service throughout the entire meal. Love the sourdough and the salad. The prime rib was the best i have had so far.Pricey, but definitely worth it.
1	The prime rib was luke warm...the service was TERRIBLE (waited 20-30 min between appetizer and salad) and the waitress (Mrs. Morrison) didn't explain ANYTHING on the menu. She basically expected us to eat the meal however it came out...and I have food allergies! Overall....totally not impressed.
4	First time here, tasty prime rib!They served salad first, which was pretty bomb.Then the carver came around with his cart, and asked what kinda cut (depends how many ounces you want) and how you wanted it cooked.Some might think that it's pretty cool that you can see your own meat being cut. But for me, personally, I'd much rather not see my meat being cut in front of me. I'd rather see it brought out on a plate from the kitchen, and I'd like to be made to think that my piece of meat was thrown in to be cooked after my order was set in place. Maybe it's because the first thought that crossed my mind were the old days when I went to Hometown Buffet or something, where they sliced the roast beef/turkey for you. I don't know. The whole idea of having the carver going around with his cart full of meat cutting it for people kinda cheapened the experience for me. Call me snobby.I got the Lawry cut at medium rare with corn and mashed potatoes&gravy. As soon as I took my first bite, my petty grievances went out the window. At steak houses I normally don't opt for the prime rib. But they do it right here; it's their thing!I felt that our server wasn't too friendly at all. There was also a little mix up among the servers. Supposedly they wait til everyone finishes their salad before bringing the meat carver around. We wanted to keep our salads to eat with our steak and we told a server that 2 different times, but I guess that memo didn't get to our main server, so we kinda had to wait a little longer for the meat to come around to us. No biggy.They also sang happy bday for me & provided a free cake which was yummy.I'd love to come back here, but probably the one closer to home for me in LA.
5	time for some dinner..got the Lawry's cut .its jus like House of Prime Rib here in SF, but a little bit better maybe cause its in VEGAS BABY!!! 8)
5	To even think about the Surf and Turf Prime Rib special brings tears to my eyes.  Even if I was a Vegetarian, I bet I couldnt pass it up.
4	Before I start with this review I have to say that my expectations were extremely high because I've heard so much about this place.  Lawry's was very good, don't get me wrong, but it is a lot of fattening food in an odd way of serving it.  The server was super friendly.  I think her name was Michelle.  I don't know why because I have the worst memory ever but that name comes to me.  The potatoes were great and the prime rib was delicious.  The outfits had to go though because it negates any ambiance that the place could possess.  It really does alter the feel of the place.  The creamed corn - I was unimpressed!  It wasn't BAD, it's just that not only have I had better (at maestro's), I found a recipe online that blows this creamed corn away.  It was too thick almost like it had been sitting on a burner.  All in all, the food was very delicious, just not something I could eat on a regular basis!
5	One of my all time Favorites! I've been here quite a number of times including the one in Beverly Hills. The 'Spinning Bowl Salad' is one of the best salads I've ever had, their house dressing is exceptional. I always order the 'Lawry Cut' cooked medium-medium well and ask for bone-in (it just seems to have a bit more flavor, not that it needs anymore). The prime is fork tender, juicy and just right. For the sides, I love the creamed corn (melts in your mouth) and  the mashed potatoes (so creamy good). The Yorkshire pudding just soaks up some of the savory au jus sitting on the bottom of the plate and occsionally taking pieces off in between bites of the prime just compliments it greatly. I also want to mention that adding a bit of their mild horseradish condiment with the prime brings a another layer of creamy flavor that I must say is beyond delicious!In regards to the ambiance, the place resembles an extra large dining area of a mansion with servers dressed in maid outfits standing by at your service.
5	Lawrys cut....medium well....add a side of corn...and bam..you hit the FOODIE JACKPOT! I really like the fact that even though I was 400 miles from the Lawrys in Cali...it tasted the same! Vegas actually served our food a lil faster~I will I could bring the meat cart home to my kitchen.
5	The food of course was sensational, as always, but when I went here a couple weeks ago it was the service that really caught my attention.  We had show tickets and since they sat us late we were really concerned about missing the show.  But they sped up what is normally more of a "dining experience" into a pre-show meal, boxed up our leftovers, and we somehow made it on time to the show.  What more can I say?
5	If you love prim rib you have to visit Lawry's.  Try their surf & turf with the freshwater slipper lobsters.  Incredible!  You don't have to wait until you are in Vegas.  Visit them in Beverly Hills CA.
5	It's nice to get away from the flashing lights and the 'ding-ding-dings' of slot machines to enjoy a great dinner.The decor was upscale and the staff  very friendly--they accomodated our table of 12 with ease.  Instead of separating us, or seating us at a rectangular table, we had the pleasure of sitting at a large round table. This was great because everyone could now converse with one another.  All the waitresses and carvers were fully clad in traditional attire--they all looked like busy pilgrims.Everybody ordered their signature Prime Rib, but I opted for their 16 oz Bone-In Rib Eye. The meal was preceded by a salad that our waitress prepared in a very special way--she spun a metal bowl over ice, mixing in the salad and dressing as it rotated.  After everyone devoured their salad, the real feast began..My eyes widened as I stared at the gargantuan plate of food set in front of me. The Rib Eye was HUGE! This slab of meat was cooked to perfection, slightly blackened on the outside, but tender and pink on the inside.  Instead of mashed potatoes, I received Au-Gratin Potatoes and  Crisp Fried Onions, which were much better than the traditional mashed spuds. I also had a few bites of their Prime Rib-- it was almost as delicious as my Rib Eye. The Prime Rib was moist and flavorful, but I preferred the smokier taste of the Rib Eye. Creamed Corn and Sauteed Mushrooms were the best dinner accompaniments one could ask for, definitely a must-have! As for dessert....well,  I didn't have any. In fact, nobody did. This hearty feast left no room in our stomachs for dessert.
4	Although Lawry's is a classy restaurant that specializes in gourmet prime rib by night, this review is for the lunch. Lunch goes from 11:30-2:00... and is completely awesome!  Lawry's does great sandwiches for lunch, from about $10 to $14.  It includes a small all you want fruit salad bar.  We went on a Monday, and had the Monday special prime rib sandwich for only $10.  The meat cutter slices a fresh slab of prime rib in front of your eyes, and slaps the meat on a heated bread roll.  The bread rolls aren't amazing, but good... the prime rib just melts in your mouth though!  I had a little horse radish with my prime rib sandwich, which gave it a nice little zing to it.  I thought the sandwich could have been a little bit larger, hence the 4 stars.  However, this is definitely a new spot for the work buddies and me.  Lawry's is actually a fast, cheap, and delicious lunch spot.  I definitely recommend this place for a quick work lunch if you are in the area, or have easy access to the I15.  Oh, and try the chocolate cookies for dessert.  They are almost like a cookie with a brownie stuffed inside.. only 2 for $1!
5	Went here for my bachelor party just to have a nice dinner with the guys.First off, the ambiance and decor and soothing and welcoming.  Most steakhouse I know are usually dark, but this place was just a little bit brighter.  A very classy looking place for a classy meal.  Other than that, the meal will be very similar to House of Prime Rib on Van Ness in San Francisco.  But Lawry's opened it's restaurants first, so I will give him the credit for this type of steakhouse.Now we get sat down with a reservation for 7 within a few minutes and the waitress kindly tells us the specials and has enough knowledge to educate us on the types of wine to order.  After enjoying the company, a server tosses and spins a salad for us.  I was hungry so it tastes great.  I think it's the Thousand Islands-type of dressing that makes it.  Next, we are greeted by a large steel cart and master carver.  I got the Lawry cut prime rib and shared some lobster.  Wow, so delicious.  Accompanied with mashed potatoes, cream of corn, cream of spinach, asparagus, Yorkshire pudding, and fine wine made this prime rib even better.  The sides that we got we pretty small so be weary of that.  The lobster tails we got were actually superior to most high end places that I've been.  It tasted fresh and didn't really need the drawn butter.This meal and sharing stories with my close friends really made for a good bachelor party meal.  Thanks guys.
4	There are so many things I love about this restaurant. We go when friends are in town or for special occasions and it never fails to deliver great food and excellent service. And on top of it all.... you can bring your own wine for a corkage fee of $10. The prime rib is fantastic... best in town, I think. Mind you... I only have prime rib like twice a year and one of those times it's at Lawry's so take that for what it's worth. The spinning salad is really cool to watch being prepared but the salad itself is just "ok"... nothing super special. I'm not going to Lawry's for the salad so it's not a deal breaker. The side of mushrooms are awesome but I wasn't all that impressed by the side of asparagus... it seemed small compared to everything else we ordered to share and they were salty on too which was odd. Mash potatoes, cream spinach, yorkshire bread for dipping... all fantastic. I'm not sure why we ordered the sampler dessert... but we did even though we were all stuffed....can't say that anything on the sampler plate was anything all that great. So, what I'm saying is... don't bother with dessert... just enjoy the prime rib dinner.
4	The service was great, the food was over the top one of the best places to have a Prime Rib. Went here with my babe and had a total blast. The only thing i dislike was no real privacy.
1	I made the mistake of coming back "one more time" and I regret it.  First-  I feel like I'm back in 1960 the way the atmosphere is.Second- I don't want prime rib, I want a fricken filet.  You offer Ribeye but not filet????Third- It's overpriced plain and simple.
5	Dined here with about 30 friends & family for my cousins bachelor party.  Damn! was this place memorable.  Service, presentation, atmosphere...the list goes on.  In short, if  you want to remember good food, service and more good food, dine here.
5	Is good!  No, I mean it's really good, especially if you enjoy eating prime rib.  It's really like the House of Prime Rib in SF.  Delicious cuts of juicy prime rib, tasty side dishes, and A+ service.   We had a big group of guys and seated next to us was a big group of girls.  I guess Prime Rib appeals to everyone.
5	Met a colleague for lunch here the other day.  It's been a while since I've been to Lawry's and I was excited to see if it was still as good as I remember.  It's near the Howard Hughes business area so there's always a ton of businessmen and women having lunch here on weekdays.  With this in mind, we decided to meet at 11:30 am (opening time) to beat the lunch rush.I went up to the chef and ordered a BBQ Beef Sandwich ($12), Cup of Chili ($5), and an Iced Tea ($3).  The BBQ Beef Sandwich was very good.  The Beef was juicy and the BBQ Sauce was slightly tangy and not too sweet....just the way I like it.  The one negative for me was the amount of Sauce, I would have preferred less Sauce.....you can't control the amount of Sauce though, it's served that way.The Chili was amazing!  It is easily the best Chili I've ever had.  It's not for Vegetarians though.....there's Beef in the Chili.  The combination of ingredients was perfect....I wish I knew what was in it!  It also had a slight spicy kick to it too.The atmosphere is upscale and professional, perfect for our lunch meeting.  Overall, it was a great experience.Hint - If you want to try their amazing Prime Rib but don't want to pay the Dinner prices, come for lunch and get the Lunch Cut Prime Rib, which was $20 I believe.Did I get Value for my money?  Yes.Will I return?  Absolutely.
5	Excellent Place for special occasions. This was the best Prime Rib I've ever had! The Spinning Salad was unique & the service & experience was top notch. Very memorable & right off the strip.
5	Meat lovers rejoice. This was the best prime rib I've ever had and the dining experience was incredible. The bread they started off with was perfect and we got creamed corn and asparagus as appetizers. The creamed corn was very good and very rich. The appetizers were amazingly fresh and buttery. For an entree I got the  the "Beef Bowl Cut" of prime rib which is their largest cut. If they would have had a larger size I would have gotten that. The beef is cut right in front of you and the meat is so juicy and succulent it's making me hungry thinking about it. The beef is perfectly seasoned and melts in your mouth. You almost don't have to chew it. I loved this place.
5	What a fabulous restaurant. For such simple food, they make it amazingly well. Everything is succulent and bursting in flavor. It's by far the best prime rib I've ever had, with almost no fat, and even the side dishes were delicious. The service was top notch and the booth we sat in was very luxurious. I loved the dim ambiance and overall layout of the restaurant. I highly recommend eating here when you're in Vegas.
3	This Lawry's is good, but we like the lawry's at Chicago better somehow. Maybe we went to this one on a bad day. The prime rib was good, it wasn't bad at all, but really not as good as the one we've got in Chicago. And there are really too many steakhouses in Las Vegas, so we feel that we don't have to go to Lawry's. This Lawry's is good though, not bad, but not a must spot when we are in vegas. But I do recommend you to try Lawry's in general, so if you don't get to try the one in Chicago, try the one in las vegas, shouldn't be disappointed.
5	Every time I go to Vegas I pass Lawry's and have always wanted to try it.  For some reason I didn't have really high expectations because I just thought this was the seasoning people who opened a Prime Rib restaurant.  Boy was I wrong!!This place was AWESOME!!  The atmosphere was nice.  Elegant, but yet didn't feel too stuffy.  There was lots of wood & the booths were really high.  When we were seated, the maitre d pulled the whole table out so we could just sit (instead of wiping the entire seat with our butts) and then he pushed the table back in place.  We had at least 2-3 people taking care of us at all time.  Our waiter and his assistant were very attentive (& friendly), but yet I never felt like they invading our privacy.  Never saw them, but whenever I needed something . . . bam they there were.Now I am a steak lover, but I could definitely stray for this place.  Of course I ate the prime rib, however since I decided to add a lobster tail I decided to just have the smallest cut (California cut).  The prime rib was melt in your mouth delicious!!  Included with your meal is their famous Spinning Salad (crisp romaine and iceberg lettuce, baby spinach, shredded beets, chopped egg and croutons, tossed with their Vintage Dressing), mashed potatoes, Yorkshire pudding and whipped horse radish.  Thinking to save room for dessert, we decided not to order any other sides, however our waiter (knowing that it was our first time), brought a complementary order each of the creamed spinach and creamed corn.  Now that's a lot of food for just 2 people and I was so full I never made it to dessert!! For mini entertainment they mix & plate the salad tableside as well as carve & plate your prime rib.  The prices are about the same as any good steakhouse.  However to me, the price was definitely worth it.  The food & service were excellent and I definitely recommend this place to everyone.  From now on this place will definitely be on my "must do" list when I go to Vegas again.
3	The prime rib was great.  The rest, only okay.  There's nothing wrong with it.  Feels a little more like going through the motions than a special experience.
5	I love this place! I can eat here everyday!  Prime Rib is #1.
4	Lawry's was pretty much the default restaurant option for almost all my friend's bachelor party weekends in Vegas.  But since most are now married, I haven't been back to dine here in a few years. Then I got a call from my friend who was visiting Vegas with his wife, and he wanted prime rib for dinner and asking for recommendations, and eventually we found our way here last night.The parking lot was nearly empty when we arrived at around 5:30pm, but that is hardly an indication of the restaurant's popularity, as a large portion of the restaurant's guests arrive via taxi.After a promise of being seated within 15 minutes, we were lead to a booth table in one of the side rooms (near the entrance to the kitchen) in about 5 minutes.  In the past I am used to being seated with at least 20-30 guys in a long line of tables, but I was pleasantly surprised by the table being pulled out for ease of seating.  If they only do that when we are ready to leave, after a big hearty meal.Anyway, the quality and taste of the prime rib at Lawry's is still what I remembered.  My favorite part of the meal is still the "Original Bowl of Spinning Salad" that they served (part of the prime rib dinners and seafood entrees), in fact I will eat just that if it is AYCE.  That said, the Lawry's Cut prime rib that I ordered was tasty and juicy, and good for the price charged for such a popular dining spot.The service is very professional and friendly. And if you are looking for something that is other than the myriad of AYCE/Buffet options here in Las Vegas, consider giving Lawry's a try.  It is not too far from the Strip, and all the cabbies know where it is located.  However, I am not sure about their vegetarian options (except as side items to the entree: Fresh Asparagus, Sizzling Skillet of Mushrooms, Creamed Spinach, Creamed Corn, and Buttered Peas and Lawry's Baked Idaho Potato - if you hold the bacon) , as the menu is mostly about their prime rib, or alternatives that include lobster, rib eye steak, or fresh fish.Also they have a courtesy phone for calling any local Las vegas numbers (located right outside the restroom), which I thought is nice, but with just about everyone having a cell phone nowadays, I doubt it gets used much.  But I supposed it can come in handy if you want to play a prank on your friends or frienemy, and willing to make the effort to make that drive out to the restaurant.Oh yeah, my friends ordered some drinks while we were waiting, and he said the bartender there makes really good bloody mary.And if you don't live near a Lawry's and want to satisfy your craving for Lawry's food, they have posted the recipes for you to try and make it at home.  http://www.lawrysonline.com/theprimerib_lasvegas_recipes.asp4 stars.
3	We love Lawry's seasoning so decided to go back since we have not been there for over 5 years.  I ordered the Lawry's cut and it was a bit too chewy with a lot of tendons.  I have to say the House of Prime Rib in San Francisco is still a lot better.
2	Two stars for Lawry's Las Vegas is really being kind.  For all the positive reviews on this overpriced prime rib joint, I was amazed to find it so substandard.  The dining room is quite nice, but the ambiance ends there. My dinner, and that of my dining companion, was wildly overpriced for what we actually received.  My prime rib was completely forgettable; I could have had a better, bigger cut of meat at a local casino coffee shop for one-fifth of the cost of Lawry's. The side dishes were scant, unless you wanted to pay for them, the famous "spinning salad" was limp and uninspired although the croutons were good.  Our server seemed unsure of herself and did not give the service you would expect for the prices charged. Plus, it is the holiday season, which meant you had to put up with the traveling carolers, who were beyond annoying when all we wanted to do was have a nice dinner. I was very, very disappointed and it cost way more than it should have for what we received.  I won't be back.
5	Lawry's is easily one of the top places to eat in Las Vegas (or most any city, for that matter).The prime rib is, of course, the main attraction here.  For those who don't want that, though, the corned beef and the turkey are also great.The atmosphere at Lawry's has a refinement that is lacking from most restaurants.  Make sure to wear a collared shirt and slacks (nice jeans at the worst) when you go!
4	Food:I had the prime rib here so I can't really speak for the other meats.  Personally, I am not a fan of prime rib but Lawry's may be the exception.  I really enjoyed the wine and my creamed corn was very good.  My favorite part of dinner was the yorkshire pudding though.  I don't know where else you can go to find yorkshire pudding so I might go back just for their yorkshire pudding lol (it was that good).  Service:I was very very amused that waitress communicated to the meat slicer for us even though he could obviously hear our orders.  The service is amazing though. Not one complaint.Setting:I loved how comfortable the booths were.  The bar is separated from the diners which I enjoyed as well.  The lighting was dim, so it was definitely could be a romantic setting.
5	I can't afford to go to Lawry's often, but when I do, the experience is just as heavenly as the previous. The menu is simple, you just choose what kind of cut of prime rib you want (I get the beef bowl cut!) and then a couple sides to go along with it (I like the creamed corn and mashed potatoes). I would advise against the lobster tail, since it's rather small, but if you need more to get you full, the yorkshire pudding is a tasty addition as well as the sauteed mushrooms.
5	This is the legendary Lawry's prime rib. I am from San Francisco, where House of Prime Rib is the King of all prime ribs. Lawry's has better prime ribs than The House. The waitress is friendly and service was superb. The prime rib itself was WOW!!  I am glad those cows died worth a good cause with Lawry's. Skip the the steakhouses within casinos. i know where to go for dinner next time i stop by Vegas.
4	Old school prime rib.  Tender and cooked to perfection. They do one thing and do it very well.  Served by a carver from a "silver" cart.  Spinning salad was good. Servers reminded me of Van de Kamps waitresses back in the day.
5	As good as Prime Rib gets! My wife cook a very tasty Prime Rib but not as good as Lawry's using their aged meat and pressurized oven to cook their Prime Rib.I visit Lawry's when ever I can which is about twice a year.
2	We went there because we were somehow under the impression that this was the best steakhouse in Vegas. Not. I found the staff to be very full of themselves. The steak was fine but hardly the best I'd ever had. Prices were pretty high too. Not on my list of place s to go back to.
4	What a place to go for a great dinner.  I felt like I was dining in Vegas history.  This feels like a place that Elvis and the Ratpack would come to eat dinner, have drinks and spend time would close friends.  It feels like you are a world away from the Strip yet you are so close.  The chef came out with a huge tray and presentation cutting and carving right before your very eyes.  This place hit all my senses eye popping, mouth watering smells of meat heaven before my plate even arrived to the table. My senses didn't fool me at all, it tasted as good as it looked and smelled.  I could have cut into the prime rib with a spoon, so pink so rare so delicious. The interior - felt like Vegas of old, the food delish and the price HEY IT'S VEGAS they don't look at price tags. I don't even think there were prices on the menu :-)
5	This is THE best prime rib dinner I have EVER had. Everything about this restaurant is classy. The food is impeccable! The service is perfect - they know how customer service is done here! My friend had her wedding reception here and they handled the whole event flawlessly. I even accidentally dropped a cocktail glass (I was drunk, ok..it was my best friend's wedding! ha ha) and it shattered ever so quietly (high quality glass right there) and a server came out and swept it up right away, with a smile on her face AND replaced my drink. If you get a chance you MUST have dinner here and you MUST have their Prime Rib!
1	I hope management reads this... and our rating of the service is NOT about our waitress, Ms C - she was AWESOME!!! our complaint and it just set the tone - a bad vibe for sure was arriving 7:20 for 7:30 reservations... Very very long line at front check in, but hey it was a Saturday night... we get to the hostess stand and are told that they do not have a reservation for us and that it will be an hour wait... I told "Biotch #1" that I had a confirmation and she said that there was no reservation... then she said oh, our reservation is for 9:30 and that it would be an hour... I showed her the confirmation on my iphone... no matter, what was in the computer was what it was... I was furious!"Biotch #2" before she became a biotch 2 tells  biotch #1 to just change the reservation in the computer... wow problem solved yes - uh er no... in the meantime we see and hear other guests coming in with 7:45 reservations who get seated before us... WTF... really? I'm going postal now... Biotch #2 (who is now truly a biotch) says, they had earlier resi's than us... uh uh... I was standing right next to them and heard them check in... I would like to speak with the manager who I plead my case to, only to hear biotch #2 tell him that they have been trying to seat us and calling us but we didn't answer... FML really??? UGH set the night off to crappollazville...We get seated next and go to the back of the restaurant only to see 3 empty tables for two... that 2 of the 3 sat empty the rest of the night... OMG hello Management are you there??? What was the issue people?Ok, enough with the ranting... our server, Ms C was awesome... smart, funny, whitty... Food was perfect! We finally settled in and put the horrendous hostess f;up behind us and enjoyed a great meal... Notice we're not spending a lot of time talking about the food... Why, cuz it was Lawry's perfect! Somebody should have seen me eating off the bone, cuz it was not very gentlemanly... it was carnivorous.. Very reasonable prices when as it is off strip... Reasonable compared to hotel prices btw...Note to Management... training 101... "Oh, we're terribly sorry for the simple mistake Mr. F... here, we will have a table in just a few moments... thank you so much for your patience... "Note to Upper Management... fire lower management and the hostesses...
5	Dinner there last Friday. Second time. Excellent. Prime rib melts in your mouth. Service is great. Spinning salad, calamari, all very delicious. The experience was wonderful.
4	I went there for the prime rib and thats what we got, The servers are dressed in 30's waitress outfits, looked like a nurses outfit to me, anyways great service, very friendly. Ordered appetizers calamari, not good at all but we ordered the prime rib, the cook/carver comes out with this huge stainless steel serving station, he opens it and has a flame, carves the meat based on what size and how you would like it cooked, carves it right in front of your eyes and served to you right there no waiting. btw the sour dough bread is awesome......will try again.
5	As far as meats are concerned, prime rib is my Achilles heel. I cannot pass up an excellent prime rib. At Lawrys, it is possibly the best prime rib I've ever had. I do not have another place in comparison at the moment. Everything I ate was fabulous!  You have the option of corn or cream of spinach with your prime rib, as well as you get mashed potatoes. And I would recommend the cream of spinach. It is simply amazing! You also have the option of seafood, which I choose one lobster tail (which I should have gotten 2). The staff was very professional and accommodating and their VIP program is worth joining if you plan to dine there a few times a year. The table side carvery is a nice 'traditional' touch and lets you see exactly what you're getting. The table side salad prep is another long standing tradition, and the 'signature' salad was good, but nothing truly amazing about it. A good selection of wines that were reasonably priced (especially for Las Vegas) We'll be back soon!
5	If I were ever on death row and I could have anything as my last meal, it would be - without hesitation - Lawry's Prime Rib, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and bread pudding (what can I say, if you're going out, go all out with balls out, right?).  Now, when I come to Vegas, I expect to pay a little and eat helluva a lot (like, just about 'til I'm ready to throw up).  I'm a buffet kinda gal, what can I say?   BUT, I make the exception for Lawry's.  I freakin' love this place.  Every birthday and anniversary celebration that I'm in Vegas for, I head to Lawry's (and they've generously given us a free slice of cake if we're celebrating something).   The price for a dinner is very reasonable, the food always exceeds my expectations and the service is consistently excellent as well.  It doesn't matter how many buffets they offer in Vegas - I will always come back to Lawry's for their mouth-watering deliciousness.TIP: I've always made a reservation and I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a table.
5	Its tradition that my HE-MAN friends and I stop in every time we're in Vegas. They get the Beef Bowl or something of that sort and I get the 3 Lobster tails...cuz I dont eat red meat. All the sides are freaken shmazing!! And the service is incredible. Dress Attire. Great for groups!
4	It was very good, but what made it unique was the presentation... They pull the table out, you sit in the booth and then they scoot the table back in. The servers are dressed like ol fashion maids... it's really interesting. The prime rib was very good, but not the best I ever had in my life but close... Over all I'd say it was good for the price.
5	If I died and went to Heaven it could only be so if it had Lawry's. Cause how could you have a place with eternal bliss if it didn't have the prime rib I had at Lawry's?My boyfriend took me to Lawry's for the first time on my birthday. The usual fanfare, cool restaurant, reservations and our "good" clothes. I think I was unprepared for how good it was to be. Our server introduced himself and his assistant to us. He then proceeded to recite the entire menu and ask if we had questions. He then took our beverage order and explained he would be back with the salad. My wine showed up along with a nice basket of bread and the evening took off from there.The salad was quite a show. I didn't think he would actually be spinning the bowl of salad on a bed of ice while he poured the dressing on high. Then he artfully tossed it and plated it while the bowl was still going. I'm not a big fan of romaine and I normally can't stand Iceburg lettuce but this may be the exception. The dressing, chopped egg and the croutons "make" this salad. It disappeared from my plate in a jiffy. I want to note that I think the service was awesome. The timing on everything was uncanny and we never felt rushed or ignored. No sooner than we had finished our salad the the server appeared with the carver and the giant silver cart. We each told the server what we wanted and he relayed our order to the carver. Now I do think it was a bit amusing since I am sure the chef could hear us but I guess it only added to the ambiance of the experience. I would say it was more like the style of the waiter conveying our order to the "kitchen."So on to the prime rib. I got the Lawry's cut medium rare with a side of creamed corn. I don't think phenomenal is a good enough word to describe the taste explosion I experienced. The beef was tender, juicy and it melted in my mouth. It had a meaty rich taste and the first bite almost caused me to salivate instantly. It was exquisitely medium rare and rested gently in a pool of heavenly au jus. The mashed potatoes and gravy rivaled anything my mom could make (Sorry Mom!) and the creamed corn was like eating the most delicious candy you've ever had. The crown for all of this goodness was a eggy yummy Yorkshire pudding. The outside was crispy and the inside was soft and a giant hunk of it vanished from my plate instantly. I was really pleased that they also gave us both straight up horseradish and the creamy as well. That way I was able to blend just right. If I hadn't been so pleasantly full I would have gone for a dessert. Everything on the dessert menu was simply mouthwatering.All in all, wonderful service, taste bud shattering food and even though it is a bit pricey really worth it. I will just have to go again.
4	DH and I went for dinner last night to celebrate our anniversary.  It's not the most romantic of places, I know, but we didn't want to spend the $150 per person (or more) that all the well-rated fancy restaurants on the Strip seem determined to charge.  We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly.Lawry's is an old-fashioned sort of place.  It's not gourmet, but honest-to-goodness good food.  The service was gracious, although slow.  Seating was very comfortable.  Food was great, but we think House of Prime Rib in San Francisco still reigns supreme for this sort of dining.  The only disappointing dish of the evening was dessert (Coconut Banana Cream Pie--skip it).  The price was right; we walked out for about $150 total.  This is one of the few meals we've had in Las Vegas where we actually felt like we got our money's worth!
2	My wife and I went here after reading all of the Yelp reviews. We were not that impressed. The dinning room was too bright and had a banquet hall feel. The prime rib was good but not awesome. I had a better prime rib and enjoyed the atmosphere more at the Palm in the Forum Shops.
5	Last month, our party of 7 came here to celebrate a birthday.  We arrived and seated promptly for our 7pm Saturday reservations.  The prime rib was amazing and comparable to the House of Prime Rib in San Francisco. THE PROCESS:*Menus are given to each person - you've given about 10 minutes to look it over*Waitress comes back to check if anyone will not be having prime rib (we each had the prime rib)*5-10 minutes later, the prime rib cart comes to the table and the waitress explains each cut*The guy at the cart carves your slice right thereMY CUT:*California Cut - Perfect!  This is the smallest slice but it was enough for me and I still had a bit left over.  The prime rib was cooked to a perfect medium rare, tender, and had great marbling towards the outside.YOUR PRIME RIB DINNER INCLUDES*Salad - Yum!  The waitress spins the salad right at your table.  The salad includes lettuce, egg, the to die for croutons, and beets. *Mashed Potatoes and Gravy - Yum!  The mashed potatoes were velvety smooth!*Yorkshire Pudding - YUMMY!  It's cooked on a small pan and brought directly to your table.  Yorkshire pudding has always been my favorite part of the meal (what can I say, I'm not really a meat eater).SERVICE:Our waitress was nice and informative.  She came by every so often to check on us to see if we needed anything.  The manager was extremely nice.  We had an incident with the champagne we brought - while the waitress uncorked it, the cork popped off, champagne spewed out of the bottle and onto my friend's dress.  The manager came over to make sure she was okay and said they'd take care of her dry cleaning.OTHER NOTES:*Corkage Fee: $25 for wine or champagne (no hard liquor allowed)*Located close by the strip - about a $13 cab ride from Treasure Island*The sides are enough to share between 2-3 people
5	An incredible, gluttonous, mouth-watering meal. Several family members and I took my grandmother here for her 75th birthday. We all thoroughly enjoyed our meals. I don't like prime rib, so I was the only one who ordered something other than that. They all loved the prime rib, and I loved, loved, loved my lobster tails. All sides and accompaniements were delicious, including the creamed corn, salad, mushrooms, mashed potatoes, and asparagus.The meals here are gigantic. There were THREE lobster tails included in my meal, for example. Delicious!!
5	Oh Lawry's, how I miss thee!After hearing about Lawry's for years on TV food specials, my husband and I finally had the opportunity to eat there during a recent trip to Las Vegas.  Simply put, it was the best prime rib we have ever had, and also one of the best dining experiences we ever had.Service was fabulous, with incredibly attentive, accommodating and friendly staff.  We were given a large comfortable booth that gave us a clear view of the classy dining room.  From the spinning salad, to the perfectly medium rare prime rib, to the complimentary dessert (it was our anniversary), the meal was absolutely superb.  Even though I was utterly stuffed, I wanted more.  The meat was so juicy and tender, accompanied by a generous portion of mashed potatoes and gravy and yorkshire pudding.  It was everything we had hoped it would be and more.Whether for an intimate dinner for two or a special dinner with friends and family, Lawry's is a guaranteed perfect meal from start to finish.I only wish Lawry's had a presence on the east coast!
5	I love this place. I usually go to the one in Beverly Hills but this one is just as good. We had an amazing server that is a Las Vegas natiev. She was very attentive and by the book. The food was amazing!!! I love their wine selection. Cant beat that horseradish! It is the freshest I've had.
3	If the quaker oats guy had sex with a nurse, the end result would be one of the waitresses working here.  Their uniforms are horrible. Like, distractingly bad. I actually felt bad that they had to wear that getup. If you're a huge prime rib fan, this place will probably satisfy your craving. Various cuts ranging from small to omgwtf was I thinking when I ordered this. I ordered the largest cut they offered, it was supposedly 22oz. It was pretty good. I couldn't finish my sides after eating that, and I didn't really get a chance cause some guy took my plate without even asking. That cream spinach was 6 bucks and I had 2 spoonfuls. The salad that comes with the meal was pretty good. Probably the best croutons I've ever had. The wine list was pretty pathetic. Overall, the quality and price is reasonable.
5	The best prime rib and creamed spinach I've ever had.
4	Lawry's is a super awesome prime rib mecca in Las Vegas, and after living here over 10 years, I was finally able to see what all the fuss is about last Friday. It is about a LOT!We took advantage of their April email deal ... Dinner for two for $99, which includes their usual spinning salad, prime rib (only 8 oz.) with all the usual sides, a bottle of their house wine, and even little chocolate sundae's and coffee at the end.Things that blew me away that usually don't:1. Sourdough bread to start. Sure, its just sourdough bread, but at Lawry's they serve it warm, fresh and with ramekins of fresh buttah. Oh yeah.2. Yorkshire pudding.  Cooked perfectly, fun to eat, and the perfect leftover gravy/au jus vehicle. Dayaaaam!3. Creamed corn.  Most steakhouses serve adequate creamed corn, but Lawry's creamed corn was spot on, yellow nibblets of utter deliciousity. So fresh tasting and each kernal popped in my mouth just right. Wow. Good stuff you guys.4. Coffee.  Don't you love it when they serve you coffee in those mini silver coffee pots? I DO!  And the coffee I ordered to go with my dessert was super fresh tasting, smooth, and truly satisfying.One other detail that impressed me, was the fact that they have a sign in the reception area politely asking men to remove their hats while in the dining room.  I loved that.   Since I am enjoying the 2nd half of my 1st century here on earth (i.e., I am OLD), I remember when it was considered bad manners for men to wear hats indoors. These days in Vegas, you see that etiquette rule disregarded right and left and it kind of makes me cringe.  So it was really nice to find a restaurant that values old-fashioned GOOD MANNERS such as this one.Thank you, Lawry's for making an awesome first impression on this meat-lovin' momma!
5	My first time at a Lawry's. FYI Prime Rib is about your only option here. The menu was more story then actually food choices. Guess what our group ordered?  If you guessed Prime Rib, then you win!The waitresses wear outfits from the 1950's which is a little weird.  We need to call a reality show to do an extreme makeover here. There hats look like nurses hats from WW II. Our waitress, Mrs. Huong was very nice.  She was also very tolerant because we were joking and laughing all night. She even got in on some of the fun. The next part was a suprise for me. The chef wheeled out a silver buffet and opened it in front of us. It was loaded with meat.  I asked for medium rare and he cut it in front of me. He also threw my sides on the plate.  I am not sure I entirely liked the process.  It was like Fago de Chao met a single serve buffet in Vegas!!!The Prime Rib was amazing...so were the mashed potatos. I highly recommend the Key Lime pie but suggest you share it with someone because it is so rich.
3	It was good food, but not fantastic.  Prime rib is my favorite cut of meat so I had high hopes for a place that does nothing but prime rib.  This location is very different from other places.  If you are expecting very traditional, classic environment, this one bends towards art deco and the waitresses wear an odd 50's diner style uniform.  It was good.  That's about all I can say.  Good, not bad, but not great.
5	Every time I go to Las Vegas I always make a point to come to Lawry's.  The food is excellent and the service is always good.  Being from Hawai'i we don't have a Prime Rib restaurant so this is always a treat when we go to Vegas.  I encourage all the peeps from Hawai'i who travel to Vegas (I know there's a lot you! =) ) to go and eat at Lawry's.  You will not be disappointed.
5	We LOVE this place!  Something different, excellent food, service and decor!  The two of us just love beef and prime rib.  If not the best, then this place serves one of the best prime rib dinners.  Excellent, melts in your mouth.  The way they serve it-- by cutting it at your table to your liking-- is fabulous.The decor is art deco.  It feels dark, cozy and like I am transported back to the days of Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra.  Fine with me!  Staff is polite and super friendly.  Besides the prime rib-- their creamed spinach and horseradish/whipped cream sauce are to die for!  And how many places serve Yorkshire Pudding, which pairs so darned well with the prime rib!?!?!  We love the spectacle of serving the beef tableside... plus the salad!  It is also brought to table side in a shining silver cart, where your wait person spins the dressing onto the greens.  It is an "old fashioned" 60's style salad of beets, hard cooked eggs, romaine, etc.-- I LOVE IT!Who has any clue what their desserts are like?  I am always so stuffed full after my meal, that I have no interest in dessert.  However, I do love their coffee, served in a silver pot, and maybe an after dinner brandy to go with it.There is a parking lot in front, but not too far from the Strip walking-wise.  It is a wonderful change of pace from the typical Vegas schmaltzy Buffet dinner, and totally worth the price.   I highly recommend it!
5	Expensive? A bit...But Jesus Christ... Prime Rib has always been so mediocre to me... I usually prefer a Strip, or Ribeye... With Lawry's?OM NOM NOM anything they put in front of me is good... This is the most amazing alto shaam meats, by far, that I've ever had... Fuck the strip, go have a really good prime rib.. This shit is amazing. I still have wet dreams about it.
3	Lawry's should be 4-5 stars, but obviously something happened....My favorite Lawry's is the Los Angeles location, but it was my birthday, I was in Vegas, and I usually am doin' big thangs.... SO in comes Lawry's.The food was awesome, same great quality as ever, but the service was not as good as I remember. I didn't feel that umph that I should in a fine dining establishment, I didn't feel the difference between a prime spot and just another steakhouse!  I give you 3 stars today Lawry's cause the class was there, but I just didn't feel it during my personal experience.... maybe the waitress was having a bad day, but I didn't really even hear a peep out of her.I'll never stop my Lawry's prime rib visits, but quality of service needs a jumpstart!
2	The Food was probably fantastic but the customer service was terrible so we didnt get to that part. I dont mind paying a high price for high quality food...but my stepmom wanted to sub mashed potato for a baker, they wouldnt do that, no biggieThen my boyfriend and I wanted to split and entre but had planned on adding a lot of sides, which are pricy as well. Waitress said there would be a $15 dollar Fee for this? Not to mention that we had already ordered alcoholic beverages, so we are by no means cheap. BUT $15 dollars to split a meal in half? Im sorry but no thanks, When I go to fine dining I expect the service to be great, if THEY ARE SO CHEAP, they cant split a meal in half, i dont want anything to do with the place. I had to leave on principle alone. There was hardly anyone there and now I can see why. Dear Management, I would to have loved to enjoy your food but something needs to change within your customer service. The waitress was also flat and had zero personality. By the way, your outfits are SUCK.Needless to say I will not be returning and will steer people away from your establishment.
4	The name pretty much says it all.Lawry's, THE Prime Rib.  They say that when you're in Vegas you should do it big or don't do it at all.  With that in mind, some friends and I took birthday boy out for a little finer dining before hitting up the clubs.  And what is finer to a 6 foot something, 200 lb. guy than a rolling kitchen serving up large slabs of delicious meat?  With my handy yelp app I easily and efficiently looked up the restaurant, read some reviews, and booked our reservation in a matter of 3 minutes.  Woot to technology!  When we got there, the valet and door person greeted us warmly.  The staff were all polite and our waiter was very personable.  He helped us pick out a bottle of wine and explained our menu options with smooth expertise.  I opted for the 6 oz. California cut Prime Rib, as I intended to save room for dessert and drinks later on in the evening. Birthday boy ordered the Diamond Jim Bradly cut.  A hefty 16 oz. and 2 inches thick!The spinning bowl salad that comes with the entrees was a cute touch, although I think the dressing wasn't really my cup of tea.  The mashed potatoes and yorkshire pudding on the side were nice complements.  The pudding reminded me of a popover, airy and crispy on the outside.  We also had creamed spinach, asparagus, and the sizzling mushroom skillet, which was my favorite side.  All went well with the steak.  The steak...oh mylanta!  My prime rib was juicy and tender, melt in my mouth drool all over the table good.  I had the smallest cut out of everyone, but ate so slowly savoring every bite, that I finished last!  We had mentioned that it was our friend's birthday earlier.  At the end of our meal the waiter brought out a slice of some kind of strawberry shortcake and we sang to him while he blew out his candle.  Having stuffed ourselves silly with meat, we opted to share the strawberry cake and save room for drinks.  Hey, what can I say...drinks trump dessert in Vegas!Do it big!  ;)
5	excellent, excellent, excellent.  i went down to vegas last week and before i went, i researched where i wanted to eat while i was down there.  having a contact, we both went out to dinner there.  my friend was like, "how did you hear about lawry's?  mostly locals eat there because it is a little bit away from the strip."  well, i have been to the house of prime rib in san francisco and wanted to see how this place compares.  it's basically the same kind of prime rib restaurant, but lawry's is much more luxurious.  like the house of prime rib, you order from the prix fixe (fixed price) menu.  prices are determined by how large of a cut of prime rib you want.  your meal starts with your choice of salad tossed and served tableside.  your prime rib meal includes yorkshire pudding, veggies and  choice of starch.  the reason why i love this place and the house of prime rib is that the food is delicious, but the service is top notch.  what sets this place above the house of prime rib is the ambiance.  lawry's boasts velvet lined booth seats, high ceilings and while it is busy, you can carry a conversation without yelling at each other.  the price is about the same as the house of prime rib, expect to spend about $100 for dinner for two, more if you have dessert and wine, but the service and quality is well worth the money.  besides, when you're vacationing in vegas, you gotta splurge on yourself every once in awhile; honestly i would spend the money for this experience rather than losing it at the casinos
5	We wedged this meal in at the end of our trip (most of our family had already left town), and we literally had to walk across a burning desert (OK, it was a parking lot) to get here.  We weren't very hungry, as a matter-of-fact, we didn't care if we ever ate again.  It was like, "do you want to?", "I don't care, do you?"  But boy oh boy, are we glad we did!  This had to have been the BEST prime rib meal IN THE WORLD!!!  Everything was perfection!  The cut of the beef, the tenderness, medium-rare perfection!  The salad was excellent, the sides were great, the service was super attentive--just like a Ruth's Chris experience for a lot less money.  My husband was texting his brothers all about what they were missing after his first bite!  Just let me say that next time we come back, we're going to bring our appetites!  I'm going to have dessert!
3	3.5 stars.I had really high hopes given the stellar reviews, but I didn't really think it was that great. While I can see the appeal of having the prime rib sliced table-side, I thought it gave it a cheap buffet line carving station feel. The prime rib was good, but nothing extraordinary. It satisfied the red meat craving, but that's about it. I don't often get prime rib as it's not my favorite cut of steak, so the only means of comparison I have is The Prime Rib in DC, and Lawry's didn't come close to comparing. The bread pudding type stuff that they serve with the prime rib was delicious though; I have no idea what was in that stuff, but I ate almost the whole skillet meant to be shared with my husband.The waitress was friendly, though I found it weird that they had to introduce themselves as Ms. ____. What is this, pre-school? And their uniforms looked sort of like flight attendant uniforms, and not in a sexy Vegas sort of way, more like a flight attendant meets Mary Poppins sort of way.
4	I was in Vegas for two days and got some horrible news.  My favorite restaurant, Rosemary's, had closed that day and I was looking for some decent food.As good as Lawry's is, it is a DISTANT second choice... but.. they are in business ... so it is an easy choice.I was lucky enough to try the Lawry's in Singapore once a few years ago and I remember it was decent.... This didn't disappoint.On par with the House of Prime Rib in San Francisco, they offered all the same menu items and side dishes.I did find their cuts to be a bit inconsistent... Two in our group ordered the "Lawry's cut" and I ordered the "Jim Brady" cut  (one size larger)... and It didn't look all that different than the Lawry's cut.... So less one star!Service was great... what you would expect from a high end prime rib house.
3	Came in here for dinner craving a prime rib sandwich... It's only served at lunch! Boo!So I got the Lawry's cut instead... it's big, juicy, and good. A little better than the $10 prime rib you find at after hours on the strip but $40 better? I  don't know about that.They need to update their decor... I'm not sure what their theme is but it's definitely not timeless.
5	The wait is long for the food and seating  without a reservation but with a reservation it's not long to get seated and the food will always take long but it is worth the wait the cream corn is a must have and you can't go to lawrys without the prime rib it was so good I plan to go back ....... And soon
4	Here we are again in the City of Sin.  Decided we wanted prime rib so of course had to go to Lawry's.  Am sure my parents had taken me in Los Angeles when I was a kid, but who cares.Arrived and we decided to get a drink.  Cute little bar with sports on.  Love Vegas for that fact.  Ordered a Bloody Mary and WOW I must say it was the worst one I had ever had.  I was thinking oh no we have made a grave mistake.  BTW 3 drinks cost more than a reasonable house pymt.Dinner on the other hand was fantastic.  Our server Leslie was a huge treat.  Funny cute and very engaging.  She helped make the evening awesome.  Prime Rib was out of this world. Place is old school but you have to go.  Great food great service shitty bloody marys.  Oh well guess we cant have it all.
4	I really enjoy Lawry's. Even though I live within 10 miles of one, I generally go to the one in Las Vegas when I'm there. The food is always consistently great and the staff is always friendly. I'd like to say I get the Beef-Bowl Cut, but I'll be honest, the California Cut with Sides is enough to satisfy me and leave a little room for dessert.
4	We always go to Lawry's whenever we're in Vegas and it never disappoints! Love the food and service is usually good as well.
5	This was a Anniversary Dinner for my Wife and we had a wonderful time everyone was great...I showed up earlier than my reservation time and there was no issues. The food was great the price was $99 for the dinner for two deal in August which I thought was a little high that was my only complaint...but you get alot of food. the place felt like I was back in the 1940's which was great as I would of loved to live in that Era..
5	Love the food. Plus I accidentally left my credit card and they called and held it for me until the next day. Great customer service
5	Was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was here.  It's just like House of Prime Rib in SF.  Everyone in the restaurant is so nice and the service is wonderful.  You first start out with their special salad that's just delicious.  The Lawrys Prime Rib Cut was generous.  I ordered a medium rare and it was perfect.  The chef comes up to the table with the cart and cuts the beef right in front of you.  You also get mashed potatoes and yorkshire pudding with your meal, and you can order a side of mushrooms or creamed spinach if you like but be cautioned that it might be too much food. We came away happy campers.  Will definitely return!
5	I love everything about Lawry's -- from their unique atmosphere of crushed velvet and mahogany to their uniformed staff, all the way to the best part -- the perfect menu of the best prime rib I've ever had. If you're stuck waiting ona  table, the bar has plenty of sports and well-mixed cocktails.  Reservations?  You'll be fast-seated and waiting in a large, red velvet booth.  All the waitresses are ladies who reminded me of Mrs. Potts from Beauty and the Beast, prim maid costumes.  Everything's about style and presentation here, coupled with deliciousness.  I love the giant Pulitzer Prize-style medallions every chef wears!  The giant salad is big, but every cut of prime rib is twice the size you think it is when you see it in the menu.  English Cut would be the sane man's choice -- the Lawry's is for leftover prime rib sandwiches the next day.  (Delicious even then!)   Their creamed corn is not to be missed either, trust us!  We never knew we would be so amped about creamed corn either until we were halfway through our portions demanding more.It's a fun place for a family and it's not at all as expensive as strip restaurant dinners.  I suggest it if you're looking for an experience and can't make it to the home location in LA.
4	We ran late to dinner, gave them a ring to let them know.  We got seated right away when we arrived!  Amazing service!  The prime rib was very good along with the creamed corn.  Great selection of wine and not overly priced.  Beware of the 'secret entrance' trying to get into the parking lot.
5	Fantastic!!!  Great service and the food is 100% amazing!!!$14 sandwich is enough for 2 people.  An absolute treat.
1	We arrived at Lawry's promptly @7:30 pm, we told the hostess that we had reservations at 7:30, she confirmed our reservation and told us it would be a few minutes...then gave us the old "We are clearing a table, why don't you wait in the bar". Thinking it really would be a few minutes we waited in the lobby watching numerous parties being seated, many who arrived after us.  After 20 minutes we inquired as to the status and we were then told that our reservation was not until 8:00 pm but it was ok, we would be seated in a few minutes. At 8:10 we advised the hostess we were leaving and she said sarcastically, "Thanks for being patient". If when had arrived we had been told that our reservation was at 8:00pm and we would need to wait until then, we would have enjoyed a glass of wine the bar, instead our planned celebration at Lawry's was ruined.
4	Wow.  I love meat and this place delivered. I got the jim diamond cut w a couple of sides.. was impressed with the size.. but more important was the flavor. Masked Potatoes and gravy where stellar Really good flavor and service was tops.. loved it..
4	Well I don't think I've ever not finished a piece of Prime RIb that's been placed in front of me.  And Lawry's is somewhere I would frequent regularly if I lived near one.  I enjoyed the atmosphere - with the staff/waitresses in uniforms that haven't changed for decades.  It was definitely like being pleasantly transported to another era when service was better and decadence wasn't tacky.  Anyhow - the spinning salad was delicous, and of course who doesn't like seeing a meat cart.  I will go back.
5	Was in Las Vegas again last week.  They means it was time to come to Lawry's to get my Prime Rib fix, once again!WOW!!!!This place never fails to impress or amaze.Yes, it's expensive.  Prime rib, wine, and deserts for two persons, with gratuity came out to well over ~$100.First off, the food here is second to none; 5 cuts of the Prime Rib to choose from.  No matter which one you pick, you will be happy, and impressed!Second, the service here is very good.  What I specially am referring to is the attentiveness of the staff.  They are also very friendly and take time to talk to you about your visit to Las Vegas.  I was very eager to tell them how I enjoy coming to this particular dining establishment.  They are one of the very few which specializes in the Prime Rib dish, and knows how to deliver it in a way that is second to none.
5	This place is soooooooooo good.Believe the hype.Ill take a Lawry's cut, medium rare with creamed corn and mashed potatoes and yorkshire pudding on the side.That is all I need to start an evening off right in Vegas.BREAKDOWN:Great food.Great service (Shoutout to the spinning salad bowl!)Price is a bit on the high side but its what you expect for such a world class meal.Now go try it and enjoy every bite of the delicious piece of finely crafted beef.
5	Lovely surroundings with professional service in a quiet, relaxing atmosphere with the best prime rib and steaks in town - what more can one ask for?We started with cocktails in the cozy bar - though I didn't see their French martini on the menu, the bartender was quick to accommodate.  Once seated in the dining area in one of their traditional "show room" booths, we started our meal by sharing a shrimp cocktail appetizer - five huge shrimp and just right spicy cocktail sauce.  This was followed by the traditional spinning salad bowl with egg, shredded beats, and the Lawrys French dressing.  Sour dough bread and butter were included.  We chose the prime rib with accompaniments of the traditional creamed spinach and asparagus topped with hollandaise.  The homemade mashed potatoes are fabulous.  I love the English cut of prime rib.  It is three thinner slices and just seems to soak up the juices.  One of the party added a medium sized lobster tail for $16.  As expected, everything was cooked and served tableside to perfection.  A glass of the Lawry's house Merlot and one of Cabernet topped off the meal.  No dessert this trip.
5	Meeting up with family and dining in a large group can be extremely difficult in Vegas, especially at a casino restaurant. Lawry's made it so much easier. I was able to book 10 people online at the time I wanted. We were greeted promptly and sat without our entire party being present--which most restaurants won't do anymore. Our server, Ms. Taylor, was amazing! She had us rolling in laughter with her quick wit, sharp tongue and sassy attitude. SHE MADE OUR NIGHT!! You can't go wrong with any cut of Prime Rib at Lawry's. Sprinkle some season salt and pepper on everything and enjoy!
5	Amazing Prime Rib! This place never disappoints! Excellent food & service. Great wine selection and the food is amazing. I also go to Lawry's in Beverly Hills and always leave both locations with such a positive dining experience. Spinning Salad, Prime Rib, Yorkshire Pudding, Baked Potato, Steamed Asparagus....Yum! English Trifle dessert is excellent. Side note...join the Lawry's VIP Club, it's well worth it!
5	Best Prime Rib!!!  Not only is the prime rib amazing, but I rather enjoy the service as well.  English cut is the best!  Beef practically melts in your mouth.
3	I've only been here for lunch - three times to be precise - and I'm just not as impressed as y'all.  For lunch, they have this strange buffet service for everything except salads.  Counterintuitive, I know.  Usually they don't have anyone at the front desk to seat you, which is awkward.  Just go into the dining room and someone will figure out that you are there eventually.If you want a sandwich, you need to get your lazy ass up, order from the guy with the chef's hat behind the sneeze guard, wait until he dishes out your food, go to another station to get your condiments, and walk your food back to your own damn table. Given the fact that the servers only have to fetch salads and drinks, you'd think the service would be excellent.  But unfortunately that's not the case.  Drink refills tend to be hard to come by.  So much that when they drop off your drink, they'll give you a little carafe of extra soda, ice tea, whatever you ordered.  Because they ain't coming back.  If they gave you the wrong drink while you were off waiting in line for someone to make your sandwich, good luck getting it fixed.  It's also hard to get the check for some reason.  But the servers look really busy and there are a lot of them so they must be doing something.  I can never figure out what.  It's really hard to get their attention.  And never come on Administrative Assistant's Day or Bosses' Day or any of those made up holidays because it only gets worse with all the offices around this restaurant.  We loves us some fake holidays.The sandwiches are pretty good and this is the only place in town that I know of that you can get a full turkey dinner for lunch anytime of the year.  It costs $24 but, still, it's nice to have the option.  The food is pretty decent but, in my experience, the service falls short, at least during lunch.
5	I LOVE this place!!  Every time there is a special occasion; this is the place in mind.  I LOVE their stuffed salmon w/ crab.  It is the best salmon I've ever had :)  If you guys like salmon, you have to try theirs.  And the cream corn is delicious!!  I even looked up the recipe for the cream corn.  And of course, the customer service is always SUPERB!!  Also, feel welcomed and taken care of!!
5	Lawry's restaurant brand make probably the best prime rib that I have experience.  Quality meat and service along with the price tag.
4	Service was good, great prime rib and the cream corn was exceptional.
2	Has anyone been to House of Prime Rib in SF??  Imagine something better than Lawry's, you can ask for SECONDS for the prime rib, sides are INCLUDED, you can have EITHER mashed potatoes or baked potato (without being charged extra $6), prices are cheaper, and service isn't focused on selling!  Our waitress was not being completely honest when I ask her if I can have the baked potato instead of the mashed potatoes.  She said yes you can and failed to tell me I had to pay $6. Her answer to my question seemed sketch so I rephrased the question and asked if substitution was possible. She finally answered the questions in a way that "Yes, yes you can, as long as you pay for it." She explained it as I could substitute the mashed potatoes w/baked, as long as I pay $6... couldn't she say, "There are no substitutions with the sides. The baked potato is considered an extra side."??Once the meat cart was out, she was being attentive, or shall I say sneaky, because she kept offered the creamed corn and spinach as if it was included. It didn't help that my whole group wasn't very observant with the menu because it tells you that the sides are a la carte, which is ultimately their fault.  But perhaps our waitress could explain that all prime rib meals come with just mashed potatoes and yorkshire pudding, no substitutions at all.  She had no problems reiterating other things that she wanted us to order...  apps, baked potatoes, wine, etc.To top it off, they calculated our bill wrong.  I will never waste my money here.
4	Sometimes, nostalgia kicks in and you just gotta have that old school prime rib.  I'm not talking the stuff on the carving station at the mega resort buffets.  I mean the real deal.  That big hunk of beef drenched in au jus on a plate entirely too small for it and your sides.The prime rib; very well trimmed with almost no external fat on the rib cap, extremely tender and juicy with great beefy flavor that can only come from slow roasting a large cut of meat on the bone.  The Lawry cut, IMHO is the perfect way to enjoy.  Boneless, thick cut; ahhhh.  A bone in cut is available for the real carnivore.The sides are classics.  Creamed spinach; just as disgustingly colored as I remember and the creamed corn with its odd consistency are just the way they should be.  Full of flavor.  Full of nostalgia.Service is unpretentious and quick.Good prices.Very weak wine "list".  Its all good, just order a gimlet or an old fashioned and the nostalgia is complete.Recommended.
2	What IS fine dining? We had the slowest service EVER and my dad said, "it's because it is fine dining." I beg to differ.We received our first course (salads) around 45 minutes after we sat down. AND he poured the dressing right in front of us. Did they have to grow the romaine lettuce in the back real quick? I honestly can't wrap my head around a 45 min salad. The iced tea that my friend ordered, came AFTER the salads.Then, as we sat there with our salad plates cleared and nothing on our table, we had to stare at the prime rib cart, that was right in front of our table. The prime rib was already cooked and in a cart, sitting right in front of our table...and it took 15 minutes for that to get in my mouth! It is a good prime rib, though I've had better. I had to salt it a bit for flavor. Eh, cream corn. good mushroom side.THEN, we wanted to pay and get to a show, can't find the waiter to pay!
5	The exquisite Tyler G. took me under her wing once again and we landed smack dab in tasty town. We called head and made reservations.  Lawry's Prime Rib is some prime eating.  They bring the prime rib out on specially made 600 pound carts right to your table.  I ordered the California cut of prime rib and it was the perfect portion for me. I devoured their Yorkshire Pudding.  The pudding was delicious with a little prime rib juice on it. I usually only eat ranch dressing, but I figured if Tyler G. (my personal travel guide) said to try the spinning salad with the Lawry's Classic Vintage Salad Dressing I should give it a whirl.  It made my head spin it was so tasty and fresh.We finished off our meal with a chocolate bag.  You might think you wouldn't have room for dessert after such a feast. That's why you should go with the chocolate bag.  It's light and fluffy and filled with Belgium Mousse.  It was the perfect dessert after my heavy feast.  I really liked the decor at Lawry's it made me feel like I was dining in some old fancy restaurant.  We had really good service.
5	Lawry's the Prime Rib is as good as it gets when it comes to delicious prime rib dining & fantastic customer service. Quaint & comfortable dining room, fantastic wait staff,  & (most important of all) a delicious meal - from the legendary spinning salad through the main course to the delectable dessert. A tremendous Las Vegas dining experience!
5	my favorite place.
5	We've never gone out for Thanksgiving dinner, but found ourselves traveling for the first time this year...but that was ok because we were made to feel very much at home at Lawry's.  This was just a great meal.  Table was great.  Service was flawless.  Food was, as always, superb.  Lawry's is an island of civility in the sea of chaos that Las Vegas is.By Las Vegas standards, the price was fair.  An enormous amount of very high quality food, fresh, hot and delicious.  We were very impressed that they offered my 11 year old daughter a "childs portion", which included drink and desert and an entree portion almost identical to the "california cut" for less than half the price.  A nice accomodation not seen often anymore.To me, Lawry's is and always will be the anti-Vegas.  I make it a point to visit there on every trip.Cheers.One particular thing that stood out
4	A fine, old time restaurant with fine food. I like the feel of it and the prime rib, of course. Not bad for lunch as well. Would give it 5, but I measure all prime rib against and old, now out of business restaurant in NYC: The Cheshire Cheese, which was absolutely the greatest. That said, given the chance, I'll go to Lawry's without question. Oh, the survey question "Good for Kids," I'll always say "No," at least for those who aren't old enough to use a knife and fork, not yell or maintain any sort of decorum in "real" restaurants.
5	My husband has this obsession about Prime Rib.  He went to school in Nebraska so every time when we go Vegas or any buffet or steak house, he always like to order Prime Rib.   I think he found his favorite place - Lawry's.I heard this place first time from Food Network and I'm always curious how good it is.  This time when we go to Vegas, we finally tried it.  I love using Open Table App to make reservation.  Not only it's free and fast, but also I can change the time even 1 hour before the reservation as long as it's still available.  (You gotta have this App on your Smart phone, every 500 points is $5 Cheque)  The price is different by the size, we all got the Lawry's cut (16oz).  Mashed potato, tossed spining salad and the pudding bread are free with the meal.  The bread is SOOOO good!  If I had more stomach that night, I would have order extra and take it to go.  We also ordered the sizziling mushrooms which is a little too greasy to me.  It tastes very good cuz there's a lot of butter in it.  The creamed corn is the bomb, best combination with the prime rib.  Creamed spanish is also pretty good, not too creamy, lots of spanish.Overall, this is the BEST PRIME RIB restaurant we have every had.  My husband already told me this is the MUST EAT place everytime when we go Vegas.  Screw the buffet!!!  $39 is so worth it!
5	I can't believe I didn't write a review for this place sooner... I went almost a year ago.AMAZING. Absolutely love the whole art deco atmosphere, the waitstaff garb, and the cheesiness of the spinning salad. (Yes, it's cheesy, but fun.)I have to admit, I'd never eaten prime rib before I went here. I just never had any interest. I ate it, and was told I can never eat it anywhere else. I fully believe that. It was so ridiculously delicious. I don't remember much else... I was beyond exhausted from a trade show and almost passed out on my plate. But I do remember it being some of the best hunk of cow I've ever devoured. Delicious meat + art deco = 5 stars
5	MEAT.was there anything else? oh yeah, sauteed mushrooms. put them on the meat.
5	whoa, my boyfriend took me here for our 4 years, 7 months (:All I can say is WOW. I LOVE their prime rib. I ordered the Lawry Cut and had way too much to eat. For women, I'd definitely advise the California Cut!Reservations were very easy, through Yelp, and we were seated right away.
4	This place serves the best Prime Rib I have had anywhere bar none.Located a bit off the strip this place gets overlooked but boy its worth a 10-15 min walk I took to come here. I didn't have any reservations and had to wait in the bar area for a bit nevertheless I enjoyed one of the better martinis in the city. The main dinning area is old school with service to match (it reminded me of the bygone era of fine dinning shown in Mad Men). Though its Las Vegas and I saw people in casual clothes I would recommend dressing up when coming here. Service was immaculate from start to finish. I ordered a shrimp cocktail for starters  which was served nicely chilled. The cocktail sauce was OK and the shrimp were large but run of the mill stuff. For the main I went with the Lawry's cut of Prime Rib and ordered it rare.Salad was done table side an ode to old school fine dining. I am not much of a salad eater but this one was good and consisted of Crisp romaine and iceberg lettuce, baby spinach, shredded beets, chopped eggs and croutons, tossed with their Vintage Dressing.Next came the main event a nice rolling trolley  with huge chunks of Prime Rib was brought table side and the meat was carved to my liking by an expert chef.  The main's come with an unlimited supply of Yorkshire pudding (very good) Mashed potatoes (OK) jus sauce (memorable) and Whipped cream horseradish but beef is the star attraction here. It is amazing how good the prime rib is and it is cooked to perfection. My cut was perfectly pink all around with a good meat to fat ratio. The crust was seasoned well and gave a nice contrast. I ordered some cream corn and mushrooms which were good as well but I don't think were needed as the main serving was generous. I wanted to try some desserts but I was full.I must mention again how good the service was, my needs were anticipated and the servers would disappear after picking up stuff and refilling wine and water and not even once I had to look for them. Wine selection is extensive though I didn't explore it much and stuck to a Cabernet.There you have it folks Las Vegas the way it was envisioned initially!4.5 Stars!
5	i wish i could give this place 10 stars !!!  The best prime rib I've ever had in my life !!!  I got the California cut of prime rib and wow it was orgasmic.  Along with the spinning salad and mash potatoes..yum yum !  I have to mention our server miss taylor was just delightful with great energy and service.  I cant wait to come back here for some epic grinds.
3	As the name implies, if you like prime rib, then this is your place.  The parking lot is always busy, but I always find a place.  The atmosphere is classy, a real treat.  The salad is always fresh and tasty.  The prime rib is awesome.  Don't forget to add the creamy horseradish, its the best part.  The prime rib often has huge pieces of fat.  I'm sure that is the way it is supposed to be, but I think its gross.  The deserts are good too.  The food presentation is done really elegantly.  I have eaten here quite a few times and always enjoy it.  P.S. - Make sure you try the creamy horseradish with the prime rib.
5	A favorite & a must whenever we are in Las Vegas. Everything is delicious... appetizers, salad, prime rib (medium rare English cut), mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, creamed corn, sizzling mushrooms, etc. Mmmmm so yummy.
4	Really good prime rib. Huge portions. It's a nice way to get off the strip for a little while especially if you're traveling with people who can't have conversations while the option of gambling is hanging in front of their faces. The salad is delicious. The California cut was still to large for me but that's definitely not a bad thing.
5	All I have to say is this.  I am not a beef eater...I do not eat cows. However, I have been known to forego this principle of mine for a night- or two, for Lawry's prime rib.  It is melt-in your mouth good!  And the creamed spinach is delicious!  Love this place.
4	My boyfriend took me here for our one WEEK anniversary. (best boyfriend ever) This place lived up to it's hype. Loved the simplicity of the menu. We both got the Lawry's cut, with the creamed corn, and spinach. The prime rib was generously cut, and way too much for me to finish, but it was the perfect amount for my boyfriend. Our server was superb, and recommended a delicious (though quite spicy) red wine for us. Overall excellent meal, great service, and beautiful decor. Tips:- There is really no need to valet. Parking is free.- Make reservations through yelp! (opentable) - Order a half bottle of wine! Perfect for two glasses of wine each
1	We decided to use a $25 gift certificate that was given to us for Lawry's. What a mistake ! The waiter's main interest was "upselling" us before we ate. We told him we don't drink alcohol but he asked us 3 times if we wanted "something to drink" and proceeded to name every beverage that costs money. My wife ordered the seafood dish of salmon and it came undercooked. The waiter admonished her that "every restaurant cooks it this way so you should be ordering it well done." Really... I have to order fish well done at Lawrys. (Talking to us like we don't eat out very often when in fact he probably only can eat out there, on his shift break. Funny dude). When the "silver cart" came for my prime rib I ordered the small cut thinking that for $35 I would get a decent size piece of prime rib. Wrong !! The one piece i received was small and about 25% of it was fat. It was really tasty but $34 for that and some mashed potatoes ? Really ? Of course we had to politely refuse his requests for us to buy some side dishes as well. Bottom line is the food was tasty except for the fish being undercooked which they corrected. The waiter was attentive but always looking for us to buy something more then we wanted. Food OVERPRICED to the point where we felt stupid for sitting there with all these huge parties of people that are obviously there on business. Very few couples in the dining room. We tipped 15% because we didn't want to rip off all the others that depend on our tip ie busboys, bartenders, hostess etc.  For the comment he made to my wife he deserved NOTHING. Don't waste your money here when you can go almost ANYWHERE else for $74, (total before we used gift certificate), and get a great meal.
3	Ok I have been here before and food was great, my review is based on today's visit! I honestly dont know where they went wrong, prime rib and all the accompaniments were only mediocre at best! And for the price 39$ for 10oz I felt ripped off! I wanted to steal the salt and pepper blends to at least make up for a rather lackluster meal, I really was looking forward to my trip there and was very disappointed, prime rib was tough and no flavor, creamed spinach was flavorless, and mashed potato was almost soup consistency ! For a place that specializes in spices everything left a lot to be desired! Service was prompt and friendly, but waitress got bogged down with a big party and left us wanting refills on drinks. I heard her ask for help , but her co-workers were too "busy" to provide any ( they actually were on the other side talking, c'mon teamwork people!!) we would have gotten at least another glass of wine, but dinner was almost done and at that point it wasn't really worth the effort, of tracking the server down, ( she was busy making salads for her party) she was very apologetic on her absence , but it made us feel bad for her, not really the atmosphere you want to have when dining out! Only good thing was salad and bread, 5 stars for those and about 2 1/2 for everything else!!
2	I love a good prime rib and had such high expectations based on other reviews that I was disappointed to find the food very bland.  There service is exceptional and decor is straight from the 40's which made it a fun place.   It was a weird to me that the waitresses wear uniforms from the 40's.  They actually look like nurses.  It wasn't too far from the strip but unless someone else pays their high prices we won't be coming back.  Still in search of that elusive good steak in Vegas.
4	Lawrys is dependable - exactly what you expect. That's not a bad thing. There are times I like a new restaurant experience but tonight I wanted tried and true prime rib.First a martini in the bar. Quick and friendly service and a nice pour.  Then into the restaurant. The servers wear bizarre outfits but they do a great job table side.The big silver serving tray looks like the front of a WWII bomber- silver and shiny. Inside is the meat.  They cut it right at the table which is a nice detail.Staying w the traditional order I had mashed  potatoes and brown gravy,  corn and spinach and Yorkie Pudding. All tasty.  Honestly I've had better prime rib but the presentation, sides and overall meal was quality Recommend
1	OK, not a fan here. With reservations and the assurances of the Reservation person a table not a booth, we arrive about 10 minutes before our reservations. We were taken in to a booth. I asked the hostess for a table and she told us that tables would not be ready for an hour. I explained my "metal leg" and asked if we could sit at a table now. She said no so, I asked to speak with the Manager.He arrived and brought a serious attitude with him. I tried to explain our situation. Without any empathy at all he told us to, "sit at the booth or leave". We left.On a second occasion my Wife took visiting relatives to this restaurant at their request. She was appalled that each person at the table was only allowed only one half of a popover. Even her request to allow the four of them another half and pay extra was met with a flat "No".I am not a fan and will not try to eat here again. There you have it. That's my opinion. Make your own choice. No matter how good the beef is, it isn't worth it to me to be treated with such disrespect.
5	This was an awesome dining experience. The decor is very art deco, 40's/50's vibe. For me this is a place to dress nice and make an evening of it. My husband and I started with a glass of wine in the bar, after being shown to our table (they pull the whole table out so you can sit without sliding around the booth!) our server greeted us, took our drink order and gave us time to review the menu. We had the calamari app, nicely fried with a wonderful spicy dipping sauce. I have to add you don't need an app save room for desert instead!  After finishing our app we had the Spinning Salad, its a fun presentation the croutons crunch and melt in your mouth! it was awesome!I ordered the "california" cut, hubby the Lawry's cut, both served with mashed potatoes and Yorkshire pudding. I added the creamed spinach, it is wonderful, hubby got the mushrooms they were great too. The star of the evening, the prime rib is spectacular! Melt in your mouth meaty goodness.  I love how they wheel the huge silver serving buffet to slice your cut of meat table side, serving your sides hot and fresh, its spectacular! Some reviews I read on Yelp people complained about added cost of the sides, the menu clearly states what is included and what is extra so before complaining maybe you should read a little better? Over all dinner was awesome, the food was spectacular, with wonderful rich flavor, a great date night out with a fun throw back ambiance highly recommend you try it at least once
5	This was our first experience at Lawry's and it's a great place when you want to treat yourself. We were there when it opened at 5:00. Enjoyed the Lohr Cabernet with our meals and that spinning salad was memorable. Creamed spinach and mashed potatoes were excellent and now I know what Yorkshire pudding should taste like. Fantastic! May return one day, but only for a very special occasion.
4	Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2012 menu:*** 4.5 stars ***This is truly a throwback to a bygone era.  Classy, old school, soft lighting, nice music quietly playing so you can have a conversation--you know--like the good old days.Course 1:  The Original Spinning Bowl Salad--Crisp romaine and iceberg lettuce, baby spinach, shredded beets, chopped eggs and croutons, tossed with our exclusive Vintage Dressing (from the Lawry's menu.  The server wheels a cart with a stainless bowl of greens.  This bowl is in a second bowl that has ice to keep the greens chilled.  The server spins the bowl in the ice and lifts the Lawry's salad dressing high and pours it over the spinning bowl.  It's plated and served.  Very old school way of doing things but it's lots of fun.  Course 2:  I chose the Lawry cut of prime rib--a 10 ounce slice of prime rib.  The other option was salmon but why the hell would I come to this restaurant to eat salmon?  The ribs are wheeled in a large covered cart to your table where the server asks you how you want the prime rib done and what sides you want.  I went with the standard mashed potatoes and creamed spinach.  While the chef was cutting the meat and putting the sides together, my server, Mrs. Bender (sort of like Charlotte Rae from "The Facts of Life" TV show) went off to the kitchen to get my Yorkshire pudding, something I haven't had in years.  The chef placed the meat on my table, and she used two forks to cut the pudding into four roughly equal pieces/.  She had already brought a mild and strong horseradish, so I was ready to dig in.  The meat was tender.  No steak knife is needed here and the potatoes and creamed spinach were top notch!Course 3:  How can you get to dessert and not choose a chocolate bag.  Too bad it wasn't the size of a Macy's shopping bag but you can't have everything!  The menu describes the bag this way:  Filled with a double rich Belgium mousse, fresh assorted berries with a raspberry Chambord sauce, topped with mint and shaved chocolate.  The bag is a rectangular shaped piece of chocolate filled with the goodies described.  It was superb!The whole experience was pleasant from being greeted at the door and the woman who verified my reservation.  I especially liked the sign telling men to take the damn hats off before entering the dining room.  It's a shame the sign has to be there, but I liked it!  Mrs. Bender was a gem.  She was like a little house mother with her cart, her spinning bowl, her orchestrating the various aspects so the cart got to me and the meat was what I wanted before she dashed to get the Yorkshire pudding.  Service was impeccable.  Note:  The good old days weren't as good as we think they were.  We're just getting older and the past seems a gentler time.
5	Ok, it's important to realize, right up front, that I do not normally like prime rib. I do prime rib because it's my wife's favorite food. I, on the other hand, would rather have something with a much lower fat content. So, that said, I'm annoyed that I can only give Lowry's five stars. I now *understand* the appeal of prime rib. And soaking up that amazing juice with the Yorkshire pudding, getting the gravy from the mashed potatoes all over it.... ungh. If I hadn't been there on a business dinner, I'd have rubbed one out while licking the plate; I seriously have never had meat taste that good in my entire life. My server, Miss Post, was a delight; she explained everything on the menu quite well, made some excellent suggestions (for example - TRY THE STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING - you will not regret it), and was fun and friendly as well. Overall, the best dining experience I've had in a LONG, LONG, time.
4	Decided to finally give this place a try since it was one of the restaurant week locations and it did not disappoint! Old school restaurant feel and seating is a little strange, but I guess it works....they pull out the tables and you sit next to each in a booth at least if there's a small party.  The service is attentive and the waitress was extremely friendly.  The ambiance is nice, but has the typical Vegas feel when it comes to how dressy you need to be...some people were definitely dressed well, while others were in jeans and tank tops...The meal starts with the signature spinning salad...given the fact I abhor salads...this one was actually pretty tasty! Next the prime rib cart with the sides comes over and you can select how you prefer your cut of prime rib and the sides offered are fatty heaven as well.  We selected the creamed corn and creamed spinach.  The creamed corn was a little too sweet for my liking, but the creamed spinach was delicious with little pieces of bacon mixed in.  The meal also comes with mashed potatoes and yorkshire pudding (an eggy/bread mixture).  Portions are more than generous and you leave anticipating the food coma to hit!Although I paid the pre-fixed price, perusing the menu....the prices on the normal menu seemed quite reasonable considering their large portion sizes!  Will definitely recommend this place to any friends looking for some good prime rib!
5	This was my first visit to a Lawry's. The food and service were excellent. I would defiantly return. You can get prime rib exactly the way you want it cooked.
5	Wonderful experience as a whole.  Service was great, atmosphere was charming, and food was fantastic.  You will not be disapointed.
3	Okay, as I write this, keep in mind I'm comparing this to the LA Lawry's, which I went to in January but didn't review.  The prime rib was very tasty, but I felt smaller than my Lawry's cut in Los Angeles. The restaurant itself was unimpressive compared to the extremely Classy Los Angeles one.  Our waitress was rather mediocre, the LA waitress was so into her job, taking pride in representing Lawry's. Getting back to the size issue, I think if you name a cut after the restaurant, its gotta be so massive that one can't even finish it, I'm just saying. But the taste was there, no problem there.
3	It's like you're stepping back in time, for better or worse.  The plus side is that the prime rib is very, very good and a throwback - not too many places serve it anymore with any level of success.  Lawry's hits a solid triple, though not in the home run status that is SF's House of Prime Rib.  Also scoring highly on the wayback meter is the Yorkshire pudding - I can't remember the last time I had a popover, but I will make sure I don't wait as long in the future for my next one!Unfortunately, much else of what we ordered missed the mark.  In particular, the service.  Our waitress was a complete space shot, going off on random tangents about how she ended up in Vegas (unprompted), how she was spacy because she had allergies (one would think allergies would be low in a desert city...) and completely forgetting orders altogether.  She also failed to mention the size of the side orders - we had 12 people in our party and we ordered probably 8 sides, which was about 4 too many!  They are HUGE!  Not to mention your prime rib comes with plenty of mashed potatoes, corn, creamed spinach and peas, which, to my own fault, I did not notice when reading the menu.For a place off the Strip, I feel like you need to really stand out to survive, and Lawry's was pretty forgettable.  Well, not quite - with the right service and perhaps some modernization of classic dishes, it could be a real destination.  Until that happens though, I'll stick to the slightly pricier but much more exciting cuisine on the Strip.
5	Lawry's is everything a good restaurant should be. We came here to celebrate our anniversary and Lawry's made our night unforgettable.Their service was impeccable- from the sweet hostess who was unfazed when we arrived 30 minutes late to our reservation, to the warm friendly bartender who chatted us up like we were old friends, to the waiter who was not condescending in the least bit, to the busboys who guided me back to my table when I drunkenly stumbled into the kitchen.The food was solid. The prime rib was balanced with just the perfect amount of richness and seasoning. I ordered a medium and it was a true medium- the edges were seasoned and done well while the interior was still a soft pink and juicy. My date loved the Yorkshire pudding, I wasn't really a fan, but it was airy and puffed up to perfection. The mushrooms were rich and earthy, the perfect accompaniment. The mashed potatoes were smooth, creamy, and deliciously well seasoned. No bland taters here.All in all, we had a truly wonderful evening at Lawry's LV. We decided to skip dessert because we were stuffed and totally satisfied, so our waiter went the extra mile and boxed up a mini cake for us saying that we couldn't leave without something sweet on our anniversary (!!) Major points up for this, we were an intoxicated mess that night and he should've just shooed us out the door. I left with a huge smile on my face and a slightly renewed faith that there are still nice people in the world.
5	We go here for dinner every time we are in Vegas.  The prime rib is fantastic!  The creamed spinach is great too! This time I was in LOVE with the spinner salad, it is delicious!!!!!  I am never disappointed with Lawry's and always need a stretcher to get me to the cab!  If you get a chance to go here, take it.  The prices are better than most Vegas restaurants of this caliber too.  Happy stuffing!  :-)
5	Dinner was great just missing the cherry tomatoes in the salad but had a great time
5	My girlfriend and I love this place. We go here every year when we visit Las Vegas and it never disappoints. Even the service is excellent every time we visit. A must go for prime rib if your in the neighborhood.
5	Yum! Had Easter dinner here a few nights ago and it did not disappoint. Had the prime rib with mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and spinning salad. All of it was amazing. I took home half my dinner, it was an incredibly large serving. We ordered mushrooms as an appetizer, they were garlicly, buttery and delicious. Service was outstanding.
5	This was our first visit to Lawry's and boy were we impressed. It was love at first bite! From our first step into the door, the hostess's professionalism and friendly demeanor was impressive and very welcoming.  The wait time for us to be seated was minimal and the ambiance here is of classic elegance. My hubby and I decided to eat here to celebrate our wedding anniversary and they did not disappoint.  It was the perfect place to celebrate and they sure made our anniversary a memorable one!My hubby had the Jim Brady cut and I had the Lawry cut.  We both had a side of creamed spinach along with the other accouterments (spinning salad, mashed potatoes, Yorkshire pudding). And even tho we were stuffed, we had to finish off our meal with their oh so yummy coconut banana cream pie for dessert.  Our server, was very friendly and helpful and added to the enjoyment of our evening.  This was by far the most tastiest prime rib that the both of us have ever eaten.  Both cuts are very generous in size and perfectly seasoned.  They are cooked to perfection and have a rich flavor of meatiness.  You really do not need a knife to cut your prime rib into small pieces as the meat is fork tender.  The prime rib just melts in your mouth and the flavors send you away to a heavenly bliss. And if you thought that was as high as you could be, think again, the Yorkshire pudding is to die for especially when you use it as a mop to soak up all of the juicy goodness from the prime rib.  Just blogging about this is making me salivate and want to jump on the next plane from Hawaii to Vegas to have some of this awesome goodness.  The coconut banana cream pie was gigantic and baked to perfection. Chunks of banana's are mixed together with a Bavarian cream type filling and topped with a fluffy cloud of whipped cream and sprinkled with toasted coconut flakes. The cream is smooth and perfectly sweet and the banana is plentiful and ripe. If I had to guess, I think there was at least 2 whole bananas cut up into chunks in the one slice of pie.  The crust was flaky and perfectly done.  Our whole experience from the beginning to the end of our food high at Lawry's was awesome and addicting. Like an out of control addict, the high that this place gives us, leaves us with an uncontrollable urge and yearning to come back for more and more.  One thing is for sure, this is now our favorite restaurant to feast on  prime rib and we will definitely be back for more the next time we are in the area...that's for sure! ;-)
5	This was my first time at Lawry's for dinner and I can't wait to go back!Miss Post, my server was wonderful!  She made everything very approachable and was super friendly and really explained the menu.I love prime rib and this was amazing!  The flavor of the au jus was incredible and the condiments and accompaniments were all perfectly paired to the meal.  This is definitely my new favorite special occasion restaurant!
5	Best Prime Rib !
5	Ridiculous Prime Rib cut right at your table, with delicious sides, a great beer selection, and top-shelf service.  This was my first visit, a meeting with some vendor folks, and I was blown away.  I definitely did not expect to like it as much as I did.I had Mirror Pond Pale Ale, the Lawry's cut, medium, mashed potatoes and creamed corn.  We started with calamari, which was great.  Apparently they had sent back the first calamari, but I didn't notice as I was completely engrossed in conversation, so I'm not dropping from 5 stars.  I ate calamari from the second plate and it was fine.I'm not huge on red meat, and I probably eat a steak or prime rib a MAXIMUM of a couple times a month.  I'm pretty happy my April binge was spent at Lawry's.  I will be going back.
5	The Prime Rib is incredible and you will not regret anything you eat here.  Do Not get the two boned steak.  HOLY CRAP.  I couldn't finish it and it wasn't even close.  That thing kicked my ass.Stick with their specialty.  The Prime Rib
5	Lawry's is a dining experience. Salad is spun table side and your cut of prime rib is presented in the same manner. This was my first time at the Las Vegas location (usually go to Beverly Hills) and the venue was similar, but I would have to say less crowded. Its not on the Strip, but if you are looking for a good prime rib dinner experience, then it is worth the drive. It's hard to leave room for dessert, but I've tried all the desserts and liked every single one.
5	Fantastic. Imagine old school Los Angeles deco interior, smartly dressed staff and perfect service. Then comes the food. Simple and superb. This is easily my favorite Las Vegas restaurant. I travel for a living and I try not to get my hopes up but Lawry's will not disappoint. Fantastic
5	Excellent.  The food is delicious and you won't come out hungry!  It is worth the price as you get salad, mashed potatoes.  The wait staff is great and are address by their last names (i.e. Mrs. Smith) and have unique decor.  They bring the "kitchen on wheels" right to your table and cut it ready to serve table side.
4	Excellent fresh cooked and well seasoned prime rib (it better be for a place named for it, right?) - the sides; asparagus, creamed corn, potatoes and yorkshires are also great.  The prime rib comes in many sizes, they cut the size/taste off for you when you place your order.Nice selection of wines, and the cocktails were only $7 - in Vegas this is a screaming deal.  Fantastic old fashioned service (dressed in the original waitresses uniforms).  We were there to celebrate a birthday and our lovely server did a very nice job of wishing him a happy birthday throughout the evening and presenting a special candle lit dessert to him after dinner, nice touch.    The only reason I won't give it 5 stars is because of the ambiance, the table for 2 that we were at felt like a deserted, exposed island in the middle of an ocean of huge tables - I think a table tucked along the side or corner may have been nicer.  That being said the ambiance is still nice, very traditional steakhouse type except for brighter.Reservations are a must, even with reservations we still had to wait 10 minutes to be seated.It is about a 10-15 minute walk from the strip (Paris area).  We will definitely go back when in the area, as the meal is truly fantastic.
5	Excellent place for prime rib. I recently came here while on a trip during spring break with my boyfriend. Upon arrival, the hostess was very kind and welcoming. Our table wasn't ready just yet so we sat in the very comfortable chairs in the waiting area. Once our table was ready, the dining room was just lovely. Our server was very nice. My boyfriend and I aren't much wine drinkers but since we were there, why not have some to go along with our prime rib. Our server helped us find a wine that we liked, offered his suggestions and we were able to get one that went relatively well with our meal.Here's the good part. The prime rib was to die!!! They wheel around this huge steel cart which carries the huge load of prime rib and they cut it table side. I believe it was $40 or so depending on the cut and you get one or two sides.. We ordered some extra sides so we had a lot of food between two people. The prime rib just melts in your mouth!!!!!  All I can remember is not wanting to waste any bit of it even though I was about to burst. And the pricing was reasonable too. Compared to other restaurants that charge an arm and a leg for a piece of meat that isn't as close to melt in your mouth as Lawrys, this is well worth it.
5	Lawry's Prime Rib is superb! We've dined here at least twice a year for several years to celebrate anniversaries and birthdays.  The service is always excellent and the food great.  I usually switch back and forth between the California cut and the Lawry's cut - my hubbie usually always gets the Lawry's cut and the Diamond Jim Brady cut.  The dressing used for the spinning salad is so awesome I ordered a case for our home salads :).  The atmosphere is more casual then the Beverly Hills location which we've frequented as well.  The elegance in the decor is well suited for a very nice dining experience, however some people dine in jean shorts and tanks.
5	Amazing service and food! Loved it.
4	GREAT food and very attentive staff.  from the moment we walked in the door until the second we left the staff made us feel special and wanted.  it was an excellent evening
5	Excellent food but snobish treatment
4	The first thing that attracts me to Lawry's is the fact that it is located off The Strip.  It is close enough that you can still enjoy but far enough away to avoid the manics.Another thing to take note is that if you're a turf fan, you will love Lawry's.  If you're more to the surf, well your choices are limited to a couple different types of seafood (lobster and fish of the day) and perhaps a couple of different appetizers.  It is called "The Prime Rib" after all and not the "Chicken of the Sea".  Me, being a red meat carnivore, I've always gone with the beef.The meat choices are a bit limited too but the choices that they have, they cook to perfection.  When I've dined here, I usually went with the rib-eye with a cabernet sauce and served with au gratin potatoes and crispy fried onions on top.  Perhaps not the best steak I've ever but IMO, it ranks right up there.The start of every meal begins with their spinning salad.  Of course, it is a bit of a show but isn't that what Vegas is all about?  Ok, they do that at all Lawry's so I can't blame Vegas for that.  So basically the salad is prepared at your table, spun over a bowl of ice to get the salad chilled, tossed with the dressing and served.  I like the fact that it cools the salad down nicely because no one wants a warm salad.  The salad is presented on a chilled plate and a cold fork is provided.  Me, not being a beet lover didn't realize that was included in the salad and I really wasn't a fan.  I learned my lesson for subsequent visits.A MUST is to order a side dish of their mushrooms to go with your steak.  A variety of mushrooms sauteed in garlic butter and fresh herbs.  That could be a meal in itself however joining the flavor of the mushrooms with a bite of steak is out of this world.No meal would be complete without the cheesecake.  Their cheesecake is served with fresh berries and a raspberry liqueur sauce  .Honestly, there really is nothing special about Lawry's cheesecake but it's a nice way to get that sweet tooth craving taken care of after eating salt throughout my meal.  While the wine selection isn't massive, they do offer a decent selection from whites to reds so chances are you will be able to find something to your liking.The decor of the restaurant leans towards the upscale side of the scale however there isn't that pretentious feel as you walk through the doors.  The dress is business casual but I've seen anything from VERY casual to formal walking through the doors.  Either way, they make you feel at home, regardless of your attire.The service is what you'd expect......excellent!!  You will continuously experience someone stopping by your table to see if there is anything you need, refilling your glass or folding your napkin as you excuse yourself to the restroom.  Sometimes I just like to make several trips to the restroom to see how many times they will refold my napkin.  Ok, I haven't done that, but I've thought of it.  Point being, service is out of this world and there is the appearance that they actually enjoy you being there and that they are not just doing their job. With all that said, Lawry's is on the pricey side.  $85-100 per person is not to be unexpected including meal, drinks and gratuity.Nope, not a frequent visitor of Lawry's, but when I have visited, they've always delivered without cutting any corners.   For a treat, it's a place you can't go wrong.
5	Lawry's...please come to Portland, please?My husband and I went to Lawry's for years.  On VERY special occasions, we took the children, too.  We were back in town for one of the kid's graduations, so we all went out.  Oh my...it was amazing, as always.The spinning bowl salad is delectable.  I love it.  Just the right amount of everything, and the little touches of adding the tomatoes individually...wow.Then the carving comes.  I love those carts.  The cart opens and it is filled with lovely, succulent, awesome prime rib.  And while we love the cow sourced portion of the meal, the creamed corn is so amazing, I could have just that for dinner.The Yorkshire pudding is delectable, and we had sundaes (which are really, really awesome) and creme broule.  Ohhhhh It was all so wonderful, I can't think up words to describe it all.To add to this, the service is ALWAYS always perfect--never hovering, interrupting your conversation, always there when you need them.  Carolyn, the hostess, is wonderful and always has a smile for you.I wish I could come more often.  I miss Lawry's....
5	If you like well done cooked prime rib you're better off throwing the meat away. You go to Lawry's to eat the best prime rib cooked perfectly (med-rare) all the time.
5	My co-workers and I will go here for lunch when we feel like being piggies. I have yet to go for dinner but I'm sure it's just as good!I typically get the 22 oz lunch cut prime rib, comes with choice of creamed spinach or creamed corn, mashed potatoes w/ gravy, and like a really small salad bar. IF you even have room for the salad bar you are a champion.  I think the meal is like $25 and it's super quick b/c everything is already made. You can be in and out of here in like 40 mins flat.The service here is exceptional [like you can't even carry your own plates around the waiters will do that for you] to the hostess who is overly friendly and cheery.
5	Believe the hype.  If you have a craving for Prime Rib, Lawry's will fulfill it.
5	This restaurant has absolutely the BEST prime rib I have ever tasted! It is a must for any prime rib lover.The restaurant is dimly lit for ambience but beautifully decorated and a very romantic place to have dinner or a very upscale place to have a business dinner.The waitresses dress in vintage serving attire (such as a servant of the rich would wear, complete with white caps, cuffs, and aprons.With your meal, you are first served the spinning salad bowl which the waitress brings, adds the dressing and seasonings to, and spins in front of you, then serves.The prime rib main course is served by a chef/carver (complete with vintage chef's attire including the tall cap) who arrives pulling a huge silver cart and cuts your meat in front of you, then serves it. Along with your meal you get Yorkshire Pudding (which is to die for) and choices of Lawry's own seasonings.If you have room for dessert after all that, you have a choice of many great items such as the chocolate souffle. We went there on Valentine's Day and received jars of chocolate topping to take home.We also joined the Lawry's club and get gift certificates regularly in the mail.This is such a superb place to have a fancy dinner.
4	The type of food is here is very hearty, heavy, Americana type food.  A little tacky for my tastes, but I understand they are just trying to set an ambiance.  You can order off the menu, which features steaks and seafood.  Otherwise, what people usually get, is a cut of prime rib.  We started with a house salad that they coin as a spinning salad or something.  The just make it table side with a heavy hand with dressing.  It's okay but it's pretty salty and not "light".  But that comes with the meal anyways.  The prime rib also includes mashed potatoes and you can add other sides like creamed spinach, buttered peas, or creamed corn for extra.  I tried the potatoes, spinach, and the creamed corn off of someone else's plate.  The creamed corn was just a lot of corn in a lot of cream.  It was okay but nothing to write home about.  Cream of spinach was heavy so I could only have a couple of bites, but it tasted alright.  Potatoes were good, all the sides were just run of the mill and rich.  The Prime rib was really tender and the au jus was really yummy.  My friend and I split the Lawry's bowl cut (the really large piece) and that worked well, with left overs to take home even.  They let you choose how you want the piece to be cooked and carve it at the table for you.  They also include a little bit of yorkshire pudding that is pretty good.  Just save room for it because they served it to us after we already ate half the meal.  I wish I was hungrier.  But I would definitely go back for the prime rib.  So tender and tasty.  Everything else was pretty okay.
5	LUNCH IS A DEAL AND A HALF!For the quality of Lawry's food/service, you are paying peanuts for a lunch meal.  Wife had turkey plate (I tried to remind her Lawry's is for prime rib, dammit, not Thanksgiving) and for $16 she got several choice cuts of bird (it was pretty good), gravy, mashed potatoes, creamed corn and even begged a piece of Yorkshire pudding.)  I had prime rib sandwich on ciabatta for $14.  We split the house salad (a la spinning salad) and got two fuck-off sized cookies.... for a dollar.  50 cents for a cookie about the size of a porn-star's silicone implant.  Now, think to your typical Vegas-strip casino piece of crap coffee shop or cafe.  You will pay around $10-15 for a sandwich.  It will not be anywhere as good as Lawry's beef.  Nor will you get hands-on service, and homemade potato chips to munch as you wait, plus a salad bar with fruit, potato, pasta salads.  We will hit this place up every single visit to Vegas from now on for lunch.  Thank you for such a remarkable deal.
5	best prime rib house in southern nevada.
2	I came here last night (Saturday) for dinner with a group of 7.  The guys in the group said the specialty was their prime rib and so we all had that except for one person in our party.  That one person had steak and while it looked good, the prime rib tasted better according to another friend.  Each prime rib dish includes some of their 'famous spinning salad', mashed potatoes, and bread.  The spinning salad in my opinion was less than great.  Salad drenched in thousand island dressing ... hmm.  It's cool how they toss the salad but as far as taste goes, it's 'ok'.  Next, the prime rib?  I was expecting something amazing ... and it was not.  For one, my sis ordered hers well done and I ordered mine medium well.  Yet my sisters was redder than mine... and I guess the waiter overheard our table surveying which looked more well done because he switched it up for something way darker.  The bread it comes with, yorkshire?  Or something like that, it's pretty good.  We added some lobster tails, they weren't bad but again we've had better.  Based on other reviews, I was expecting the service to be superb, something along the lines of a Ruth's Chris.  However, I felt the service was lacking.  A bit slow and the waiter kept bringing me diet coke instead of regular, after I asked him specifically for a refill of regular coke, since it seemed he was overwhelmed and didn't take notice of things like refills.  It actually wasn't even busy.  We had stopped at the bar before being seated and the drinks were pretty good.  We tried a raspberry mojito, yum!  Overall, an 'okay' experience.  I wouldn't return.  Also, if you call ahead for reservations, be prepared to give them your name and credit card number.  I thought it was weird but that's their policy.  The only good thing is that they advise you of the suggested 18% gratuity and you can let them know at that time you prefer they not include that and they won't.
4	It was our 3rd wedding anniversary so my husband and I decided to have dinner here at Lawry's because we wanted to dine somewhere new to us. Well, the dinning experience was fabulous. The food was excellent along with the service. They even gave us a special anniversary dessert. I recommend this place for special occasions (it can be a little pricey), but worth the money. We actually went on July 3rd, I tried to write a review, but didn't know how so sorry for the delay.
4	Mmm, love me some prime rib. I was ecstatic when a friend suggested this place. Though it was off the strip and pricey, I was excited to try some of the world's famous prime rib ever. They also have a location in LA where I'm from but I've never had a chance to make it there. Anyways we arrived on time for our reservation but still had to wait like 20 minutes to be seated. Then when we arrived in the dining room, the place didn't look that full at all. What's up with that? Shouldn't they have prepared our table ahead of time? Anyways as far as prime rib, they have only 4 or 5 choices. And I already looked on the online menu and I know I wanted the Lawry's cut which is their most popular. It's 16 oz, I believe, and only like $4 more than the smaller 10 oz cut. Even if I didn't like prime rib or wasn't that hungry, the Asian in me would be like get the bigger cut because it's only $4 more and you get more bang for your buck. And each of the prime ribs entrees came with the spinning salad, mashed potatoes and Yorkshire pudding. Everything is served tableside. The spinning salad performance is cool. And I liked the dressing on the salad - it was a little bit tangy. But the salad itself is a bit overdressed - all the leaves were drenched in the dressing. Finally came the main event - the prime rib. The carver came over to our table to cut our meat right there. Oh and waitress serves all the ladies at the table first so guys don't get offended if they pass/ignore you at first.I got my Lawry's cut medium rare and it was perfect. So pink with the tiniest bit of red/blood and with the bone still connected to it. When I bit into it - heaven, so tender it just melts in your mouth. The put the mashed potatoes on the plate and will ask you if you want any additional sides. Sneaky because on the menu, it says they are extra but they don't mention it when offering it to you so you may get tricked like the person next to me did. She ended up getting the creamed spinach, which was an extra $6. Then after everyone is served, our waitress cut up pieces of the Yorkshire pudding to put on our plates. For anyone who's never had the pudding, it's really like a piece of a roll. Not sure how else to describe it. I was kinda dumb in that I tried to eat the meat off the bone first in an attempt to save the more delicious part for last. But I was so full by the end of the meal that it hurt to try to finish the last few pieces. I ended up leaving a small piece on my plate at the end of the meal and I despise wasting food. But I really couldn't eat anymore. I wish I had enjoyed the piece of meat rather than what was on the bone. Oh well, I know for next time. Our waitress was cool, so happy, cheerful, polite and attentive. We also ended our meal with two birthday desserts. The brought out two mini strawberry shortcakes with candles. I love dessert and strawberries but only had like 2 bites. We all shared but I think we were so stuffed, that all 11 of us couldn't even finish two small desserts. So sad. Overall, it's a really nice place to celebrate special occasions, every once in awhile.
5	The best prime rib I've ever had...
5	In the last 365 days, I've been to Vegas twice.  This weekend, I will be returning to Sin City for the 3rd time in one year.  And I'm hoping...that I can convince my friends to go to Lawry's at least one time for a meal.  I first discovered Lawry's two vegas trips ago when my college roommate had his bachelor party there and one of his groomsmen picked out this restaurant.  It turned out to be the best meal we had on the trip and one of the best steaks I've ever had in my life.  Hands down the best the prime rib I've ever had.The table side service is unique, the cuts of steak are tender and juicy, the au jus is delicious, the sides are fresh, and the "spinning" salad is incredible.There's really no reason I can think of not to like Lawry's.  I can't wait until I get to eat here again.
5	Dinner was everything I expected and more!  Absolutely delicious!!!!  I had the Lawry's cut prime rib ($39) with creamed spinach ($6).  They start you off with their table side prepared spinning bowl salad which was very good.  They recommend you use Lawry's seasoned pepper on it which did make it taste even better.The Prime Rib I ordered medium.  It was sooooooo good.  Melt in your mouth tender.  It really was a slice of meaty heaven.  I enjoyed seeing it cut table side for me.They give you hot and mild creamed horseradish so I combined them and that was perfect.  Unfortunately, I could only finish half my dinner.  I took it to go because I could not stand to leave it.  It deserved to be eaten.  Service was great and the dining experience was a real pleasure.  Dinner with a glass of cab and tip was $75.I highly recommend it if you're looking for Prime Rib to remember!
5	I love Lawry's Prime Rib, the best Prime rib in the world.  When I visti Las Vegas this is my first stop.  You won't be disappointed in your food.
3	Best part of my meal was the salad.  Had there rib eye and it was just okay.  Tasted a piece of the prime rib and it didn't WOW me.  Service was top notch though, but there uniforms gotta go!  Nah, it's not that bad.  Deserts were huge so best to share it your party.  Try it, most people like this place.  You will definitely get good service.
5	The juiciest and softest prime rib i have ever tasted.  Went for dinner and will definitely go back if ever in the area again.  Had the smaller cut with the lobster.  Very tasty and excellent service.  The peach iced tea is really good too.  All in all it was well worth the money spent
5	In my opinion, the best prime rib in Las Vegas. From the service, to ambiance, to the food, Lawry's is great. I ate the English cut prime rib, with mashed potatoes, and a spun salad. Fantastic food! Everything was great, but we paid for it. Lawry's is not cheap, but worth every penny.
5	ALWAYS a great dining experience! Lawry's service is always 5 star! The spinning salad starts the dinner off right! The house Merlot is delicious! I am always impressed with the prime rib. The atmosphere at Lawry's is part of the experience.  If you make reservations for an anniversary or birthday, the server will acknowledge the special occasion.  The price is worth the great food and great service.  I will continue dining at Lawry's, and I highly recommend it!
5	I am a Los Angeles based event & wedding planner and recently coordinated a wedding ceremony and reception at this location.  It was my PLEASURE to work with such an amazing, friendly, hardworking staff.  No matter what I or my assistant needed, Lawry's staff was ALWAYS willing and ready to accommodate our needs or offer suggestions to make our lives easier.  It is rare that you find EVERY employee at a venue as friendly and helpful as I found this staff to be. What a wonderful team they all are, I would definitely recommend them to future clients!
4	I have been to the Lawry's in L.A. several times and the one in Las Vegas is no different. It's conveniently located near the strip. I came with my family of four. One 10 and 8 y.o. Service is very good and our waitress was attentive while making us feel welcome. We began our meal with a salad accompanied with an overwhelmingly strong and sweet heavy dressing. It was a cross between a Russian and Thousand Island dressing of the 1960's. Next, came the silver cart where our Prime Rib was carved to order. My wife and I ordered the Diamond Jim, a18oz PR on the bone, to share with our kids. It was just enough and we were not charged for sharing. My older son loved the Prime Rib and the experience so I added the fourth star. Personally the Prime Rib was a little above average but maybe my expectation was too high. The deserts were the highlight of the night. Both the chocolate bag and the coconut / banana pie were outstanding. The coconut banana pie is filled with fresh coconut shavings and the crust tasted like a macaroon.
2	I really wanted to like this place especially the fact that everyyybody knows Lawry's! However, my trip was very.... deflated.  We had made reservations, however we were still prompted to wait 20 minutes for our party.  We were seated and was greeted by our hostess and was presented our menu.  She was brisk, not too friendly and got our orders promptly.  I ordered the Prime Rib Dinner and was a bit disappointed.  The rib was tender however, was a bit flavorless.  Perhaps, I'm not a big rib fan to begin with, but it just didn't hit the spot. Portions were very large and had to grab the rest to go.  The mashed potatoes were sub-par. Pros:- Great portions.Cons: - Sub-par service.- Expect a wait even with reservations.
5	Best Place to eat Prime Rib hands down! The Prime Rib is so tender and flavorful. The sides are fantastic as well. Best creamed spinach ever. The yorkshire pudding  and spinning salad just put the whole dinner over the top delicious. Service has always been excellent. If your a prime rib conissour you will not be disappointed!Just found out that Mon-Fri they serve lunch in a more casual atmosphere for half the price as dinner. SCORE!!!However, dinner is the way to go for the special occasions. LOVE this place!
4	I had enough crappy cheap food during my Vegas trip and wanted some real Prime Rib. This is the place. It's not UDSA Choice (or lower) rib roast. It's Prime!The service was outstanding and it shows that this is the standard. We had the spinning salad and the creamed spinach. Both were fantastic and loved the creamed spinach.Yes, it's a bit pricey but the experience with something the family will remember
4	I took a star away because my Server was a bit scatter brained that night.I am not a big steak eater so when i do decide to eat red-meat i like to go to nice steak restaurants to get the best of the best,This was my 2nd day of restaurant week las vegas 2012. I brought a party of 7ppl all chefs or office folks in the industry. We started with their Signature Spinning Salad,.,which was greens served with like a vingerary french dressing..it was blah..i would have prefered a caesar salad with steakThe main entree was the lawrys choice cut which is carved at your table with all the fixins served hot right off the carving cart. The cut was 10 oz and cut to order so covered in au jus served with mashed potatoes and your choice of creamed corn, creamed spinach, or peas..i choice the creamed corn which was buttery and sweet..and of course creamy..very yummymashed potatoes tasted homemade with brown gravy no salt needed and the prime rib was so juicy and tender we cut it with a butter knife- i was very happy with the meali finished it off with the hot fudge sundae served with heated hot fudge that the servers pour table side..i should mention the salad is prepared table side and served chilled which was a nice show but i did not care for the tasteThe ambience was very old hollywood like eating at the Derby..red velveet booths..high back chairs..kinda reminded me of a 50s cigar saloon..that frank sinatra would frequent..very classy upscale and quiet..although they were very welcoming to my 4yrold who frequents upscale dining with me often..I would have liked the server to be more aware of the restaurant week menu because that is what we came for to support the charity..i had to remind her of few thing that were included in the menu..and we got charged for coffee and tea which was advertised to be included..i asked it was she said no but after looking it up online on my phone and talking to the hostess it was in fact included..and although it was only 25 bucks for all our coffees and teas it is disappointing to have a server now know whats going one..I know most of the servers have been there for many many years and prolly have their speil down to robotic memory but it would have been nice to not have such a scatter brain for a server..other than that the meal was amazing and great portion sizes for the price
5	This place is magical. We came here after a friend's surprise Vegas wedding...which was a surprise to her! After a sweet ceremony, the wedding party ended up at Lawry's (which her sneaky fiance had booked a few weeks in advance) and it was the icing on a perfect night. The staff was wonderful and so enthusiastic; the sight of a large, late-night group didn't dampen their cheerfulness at all. They were quick with the drinks, and didn't make us feel rushed or pressured at all. The food itself is to die for. I wish I had room to finish it all. I'm not even a huge fan of red meat, but the prime rib was divine. I could probably live off their sauteed mushroom and creamed spinach dishes alone. At the end of our meal, our waitress brought out a complimentary slice of cake for the glowing newlyweds, that was almost too pretty to eat. Even if I never eat there again, I will always have amazing memories of Lawry's. 5 stars for food, 5 stars for service.
4	The prime rib is sliced to order, table-side. The creamed spinach was delicious. It's normally too expensive for me, but I'm on vacation, and Lawry's gives you what you pay for. I'd definitely come back here next time I'm in town!
5	Amazing. Come during the holidays when they have Carol Singers - truly magical.
5	Went there for my anniversary dinner. The staff were all very nice and helpful. We only waited about five minutes to get our table. The one thing i didnt care for was that the restaurant was a little dim. The spinning salad was cool and also was pretty good. I had the Lawrys cut and my wife had the smaller cut and we ordered cream corn and asparagus. My prime rib was awesome nice and tender. The creamed corn was also good. The asparagus was just plain but they serve it with a hollandaise sauce on the side so that makes up for it. I was able to finish everything on the table and at te end of our dinner they gave  us a free desert which was pretty cool. Overall i liked the service and the food and the price was not bad either.
5	Three words: Prime Rib Chili. My friends and I came here for lunch and I wasn't in the mood for a slab of prime rib, so I opted for the chili instead. It was absolutely delicious! The prime rib chili was made with red peppers, beans, and the spice level was perfect: a little heat and seasoned well and  light enough to not overwhelm the taste of the large prime rib cuts in the soup. I really wanted another bowl, but I was so full from just one serving.  My first and last bowl of Prime Chili (for now) and it was the best! Give it a try, you will not be disappointed, trust me.
5	Excellent service with superb food.  Thank you for such a wonderful dinner experince in Las Vegas, with special recognition and thanks to Mark, Elizabeth, and Albert.  The next time we're here, we'll be back for sure.
2	This 5th generation cattleman from Missouri finds himself not impressed with Lawry's The Prime Rib and their lunch offerings. Let's start from the top and work through the experience. Parking: Ample for lunch, but for a 600 seat restaurant it would be a little tight during prime time hours. Decor. Their website claims an Art Deco appearance, but having spent a lot of time brushing up on Kansas City's Art Deco architecture which led me into a more expansive study or two, I'm not an "expert" on Art Deco style but I'm not an amateur either. Count me among the people who are not impressed with this location's styling. It was ho-hum, and quite frankly I've seen and experienced better. Service: Slow and not impressive. I ordered the Tuesday lunch special. I never received my chili that I ordered that was part of the special. Another person at our table ordered extra food at the end of our meal to take back to the office and it took an awful long time for it to arrive. Also I was not offered a refill on my iced tea either. That's something I shouldn't have to ask for, it simply needs to be taken care of, especially at a restaurant of this caliber. Food: I liked the 4 bread choices. But quite frankly I was not impressed with their sides which lacked adequate seasonings and spices. And then there's the problem with the meat and where a Cardinal Sin was committed. I watched as it was carved in front of me. The appearance was good, I brought it back to the table looking forward to enjoying it. 3 bites in and I'm like this is so disappointing. It wasn't tender, and it lacked good flavor. For a minute I was wondering if they had run out of quality meat and had substituted Sysco's cheapest product line instead. I needed to eat so I took a few more bites as to not offend the people I was with, but it was extremely disappointing. For a place with a name that says THE PRIME RIB on the sign, that has 70 some odd years of providing food service, I was disappointed at the quality of food that ended up on my plate. The horseradish was a pleasant surprise though and the saving grace that allowed me to consume the sandwich and not leave with a growling stomach. Verdict: Not impressed. At all. I'm thankful I didn't have to foot the bill for this experience, and I'm glad I got to experience a Vegas "legend" but Lawry's won't make my list of places I will have business lunches at, or take out of town guests to if I want to showcase the best of what Las Vegas has to offer. 2 Stars. I'm sorry, but I can't be impressed when one of their signature items, one of the things they claim to do so well was so hard to consume and not enjoyable. I used the term Cardinal Sin...I chose my words carefully. Barring the unexpected I won't be back.
5	This is possible the best prime rib steak house in Las Vegas, I have never had a less than amazing dinner experience at Lawry's, from the quality of the food to their great service.
5	The best prime rib place in Vegas! Awesome wait staff. Got our food in a timely manner and the prime rib was awesome! Highly recommend.
3	We had a great meal and our waitress was a hoot. I can see why people like this restaurant. But you gotta be in the mood for a good old fashioned prime rib dinner, and no more than that. I can't imagine coming very frequently. The salad is so-so, not "as advertised" when people are raving about it. My husband , who I consider to be fairly traditional in certain ways, hated the traditional decor including the silly waitress uniforms.  All in all a nice evening but I'd probably rather go to a steakhouse.
5	Loved the Prime rib. Great potatoes and Salad and wine. Waiter was friendly. Atmosphere was really good. Will go back hungrier next time.
5	If you want prime rib in the U.S. of A (or at least Las Vegas), this is the place. I've come here the last 3 times I've gone to Vegas, and it never disappoints. First, the.wait staff is hilarious, but very efficient. Our waitress was dressed in an absolutely hideous 50'a style uniform, but made the best of it to very funny effect. Service was superb. Any meat you order will be awesome.  All the sides were perfect. Wine pairings were perfect. Two of us got the Lawry's Cut and couldn't finish it.  One friend got the California Cut and loved it.  All meat is carved at the table, and our carver put on quite a show. Yorshire pudding was superb  All in all a great night out.
4	Haven't been here for quite sometime; got a chance to dine again this past weekend. Still feature the best prime rib I could ever have. A great casual dining for anyone looking for great food, ambiance without needing to dress up. You guys should try it!! Luv their spinach & corn specially the Yorkshire pudding.
5	After reviewing several wedding chapels in Las Vegas, we decided with Lawry's Prime Rib. Our Wedding Ceremony & Reception was amazing at this venue!  Through my entire planning process Michelle made herself available to assist.  Michelle and the rest of the staff at Lawry's have a passion for making each event a success.  They have wonderful customer service and above all they are very flexible.  Unlike several Vegas venues, Lawry's allows you to bring in your own wedding vendors & decorations.  All of my guests were amazed how a restaurant could transform their main dining room into a fabulous wedding ceremony location.  The food was absolutely delicious. We had Prime Rib, Salmon and Chicken as featured entrees. All 3 entrees were perfect in which all of our guests gave rave reviews.  If you have it in your budget, get the prime rib carvers, they added a really nice presentation to the reception.  Lawry's is definitely one of the elite wedding venues in Las Vegas.  Thank you so much Lawry's & Michelle for a fabulous wedding experience. You made planning a wedding from a distance easy!Mrs. Eulina DavisWedding 7/28/2012Destination Wedding in Las Vegas
4	We made it a point to come here for dinner when we were on our Vegas trip because we had seen this place on travel channel :} It is a fancy fine dining place but we did see several touristy people in regular shorts & t-shirt. But I would recommend dressing nice! We had a reservation for 8:00 but got there early, around 7:20. The waiting area is nicely furnished with several comfortable couches & chairs so the wait was fine. We were seated promptly at 8 on the dot. The guy who seated us was great, very friendly and asked us where we were from, etc. Also, it's cool how they pull out the table to seat you :P Our waitress was fantastic, super enthusiastic, friendly, and nice :) the sourdough bread & butter they give you is yummy & fresh, generous portion too. Food did not take long at all to come even though it was packed! The bf & I got prime rib of course! It comes with their signature spinning bowl salad, which was really cool. They mix it right at your table in a big bowl. The salad was fresh and crisp, and the croutons and dressing were yummy! Also a very generous portion. I definitely couldn't finish it all.The prime rib also comes with mashed potatoes w/ gravy and yorkshire pudding. Both delicious!! I had the English Cut prime rib which is 3 thin slices (6.5 oz for $39). The bf had the beef bowl cut (biggest cut - 22 oz for $58). We also had sides of creamed spinach & corn ($6 ea) and caramelized onions ($2 - realllyyy good!), and the bf also had a lobster tail (I think it was $12) - he said this was the best lobster he has ever had. It's awesome how they carve the prime rib right in front of your table. Even the carver guy was super nice. This dinner was for our anniversary so everyone made it a point to tell us happy anniversary, which I thought was really nice :)The prime rib was good, but not the best I've had. I got mine medium well, but it was still on the tough side. Because of the price, I had expected it to be melt-in-your-mouth-good prime rib -- My favorite prime rib everrr was from Cattle Company Steakhouse on Oahu. So sorry Lawry's, but the prime rib I got didn't beat theirs! :P That's why I took off one star. Overall I think you are definitely paying for the dining experience here. The service is outstanding and this was definitely THE BEST restaurant experience I have EVER had, hands down. It is pricey but you will not leave disappointed because they take care of you so well here. We even got a complimentary dessert for our anniversary! It was awesome :) Even though it is expensive, I would definitely come back here just for the experience.
5	i love love it!  We came here during restaurant week ($50/course) and though I am not a big fan of prime rib this is the place where I have fallen in love. Meal:Course 1: Salad: The original spinning bowl salad.  It was pretty cool to see something like that .  The taste was good and it was enjoyable.Course 2: Obviously, I chose the prime-rib and man was it enormous and savory!  The  put a little too much sauce on my rib but I didnt mind because they give you some sort of Yorkshire pudding to soak up all that sauce.  On the side I had mashed potatoes and the creamy corn.  The mashed potatoes was mediocre and the creamy corn wasnt as tasteful as I thought it would be.Course 3: My favorite course! Dessert was REMARKABLE! I got the sundae and asked for extra chocolate fudge. yummm :) Service: We were seated quickly and greeted with our very charming waitress. She was very amusing and had a magnificent bright smile. Overall, she was absolutely wonderful and I wish I remembered her name because I would have definitely call her manager how pleasant she was..Experience/Atmosphere:  Everything was great.  The atmosphere is pretty modern and has that old-school feel to it.
5	Located On Flamingo Just East Of The Las Vegas Strip. This place is a classic. Silver carts, containing some of the best prime rib around, are pushed up table side and are carved right there. This place is a treat and worth the slight junket off strip to get you there. The sides are great as well. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Growing up in SoCal, I have always heard of Lawry's Prime Rib but never had the chance to try it out until restaurant week here in Vegas. During my undergrad years we toured the restaurant as part of one of my classes, so I had a good feel for what to expect when that time came I would actually partake and order some food. And let me tell you, the prime rib here is not only amazing, but huge! None of the meats are precut of course, and are not even cut in the kitcken in the back. The prime rib is cut right there in front of your eyes and onto a large plate where they also ask what kind of sides you want to accompany it as well. Man... is it good. Between the service, the food and the atmosphere, this is one of the few places in life that did not disappoint after all these years of waiting.
5	Lawry's cut with 2 lobster tails. and a glass of Bordeaux Chateau Coutet, Grand Cru Saint Emilion, France 2002...
5	Excellent prime rib, Yorkshire pudding, mushrooms, and salad. The service was phenomenal, so much so that we are still talking about Mr. Munoz, our waiter, days later. Great experience and I will be back each time I'm in town.
4	We had our 12 year anniversary here. A great experience, waiters and waitresses are addressed formally. The spinning salad bowl: it's ok, it's more for show vs giving the salad more flavor. The little pudding breads are great for soaking up the prime rib au ju. The prime rib was delicious, I suggest medium. And caution the portions are big , the second size up is just right. Creamed corn: not bad, it's like corn bits in a very sweet n creamy white sauce. Also, let lawrys know if you are there for a special event, you will receive a complimentary dessert, very nice and again a big portion for dessert. Of course beer and cocktails will be at night club pricing. And also, expect a little wait: we had reservations booked 2weeks ago for 8 pm and got in around 8:30 but its worth the wait.
4	I tastey trip back in time!
5	Oh sweet jesus.  I went here for my birthday dinner and ordered the Bowl cut.  Not gonna lie my eyes were bigger than my stomach, but this was the best prime rib I've ever had.  The spinning salad and the creamed spinach was good as well.  Definitely hitting this place up next time I'm in Las Vegas.
3	So I've heard  this place has the greatest prime rib?  I will say it was definitely a solid cut of beef and would return on a special occasion.  Being in town for business, our team dinner was here and service was kind of spotty with a larger group.  I'll keep this review short, but my meal was definitely memorable because of the sides.  The corn is a must get here, it's delicious.  Again, GET THE CORN!  It's creamy, thick, and freaking buttery.  The creamed spinach was also great, not the best I've had, but a nice side with the prime rib.  The freebie mashed potatoes were, well, I didn't even eat much of it because it was free, what a snob.  My medium rare cut was medium rare, couldn't argue there.  Mr. Bob cut me a nice fat diamond jim brady's slice and it was demolished.  This has the bone-in, but for the price, it wasn't worth $52.  My colleague next to me the Lawry's cut, but also got the bone.  It was maybe a tad thinner, hardly noticeable and $10 cheaper.  I got the diamond jim because of the bone attached.  Oh, the yorkshire pudding (bread) was rubbish, don't waste your calories intake on that piece.
5	The prime rib and the service was excellent. The restaurant is good for special occasions or a nice date night. The toffee pudding dessert with ice cream was special.
5	The only place to go for Prime Rib. My favorite is the Diamond Jim Brady cut served RARE.
5	My favorite restaurant in the whole wide world.  Every time I visit Las Vegas I dine at Lawry's.  The starter bread is tasty.  I always get extra of the Spinning Salad.  What can I say abut the Lawry's Pepper.  I recommend getting the English Cut (3 thin slices) it's tender and full of flavor.
3	I dont get the hype...The atmosphere is boring. It's really really quite. I feel like you weren't allowed to raise you voice even a little. All the servers are old! Like MOM and DAD old. The decor was also blah except for the red velvet couches which were plushy and comfy. The menu was simple and easy to pick from, prime rib or more prime rib and oh the little cut of prime rib or the big cut of prime rib. I picked the little cut of prime rib. Salad was gross, the dressing sucked. Skipped that over and the prime rib cart comes out! YAY!! Or actually kinda yay...I ordered medium well and got well done. Dry and disappointing :( The mash potatoes were great and the bread pudding was a surprising YUM. Creamed spinage was good and the cream corn perfect. So sides were great! Wine was better. Left full but unimpressed...I'd say Vegas has some much better dinning options.
4	Slow service tonight
4	The decor is a bit dated but who really comes here for the decor.  It's some of the best prime rib in town.  I love ordering the Jim Brady cut.  And the yorkshire pudding that comes with the meal is to die for.
4	Who's not a fan of Lawry's Prime Rib? They never disappoint - service or food. I'd say the Beverly Hills location beats the Vegas location, though. Because you get free meatballs and chips at the Beverly Hills location! The place is big- lots of seats. There's a full bar in the front near the lobby, so you can grab a few drinks while you wait - you're in vegas! Drink up!  I've always had a great experience here. Affordable, fine dining.
4	The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that I never give 5 stars.  Truly this place has gotta be the best Prime Rib I've ever had!  We went around the holidays so I really enjoyed the "ol fashioned strolling carolers".  The service was impeccable, the dinner fantastic and dessert was divine!  Get the espresso martini to finish the evening!
5	Celebrated my 40th birthday here with my family!  A special dinner during a special weekend.  Not only do I think Lawry's has the best Prime Rib I've ever had but I think the way the restaurant is ran, it's one of the best overall restaurant experiences.  The Prime Rib sits in a cart that is brought to your table and sliced individually.  The waitress was extremely polite and impressive.  I can't afford to eat here often but I do believe treating yourself every once in a while is required.  Make reservations early.  We didn't get to go the night we initially wanted due to the popularity.
4	This is, amazingly, only a review for the lunch special, or the ale and sandwich bar.  I can't believe I haven't been here for dinner yet, but I'll get there.  The lunch is beyond solid, probably the best deal when considering quality, amount of food, and cost I have found in the valley.  Each day, they have a special:  prime rib sandwich, turkey sandwich, soup and sandwich, etc.  Also, you can simply get the prime rib sandwich.  This entitles you to go to the fixings bar, where they have a few sauces, pickles, onions, potato salad, and pasta salad at the very least.  On some days, the bar is more substantial than other days.  When you return to your table, you find homemade potato chips waiting, of course with Lawry's seasoning salt for flavor.  It's a fantastic, and QUICK lunch service.  You sit down, give your drink order, then go to the bar and order.  Less than 5 minutes later, you are back seated and eating.  Great for those working and don't have time for a super long lunch, but don't want fast food.The most expensive sandwich is the prime rib at $16.  That's still a FANTASTIC deal for the amount of food you get, and it's Lawry's quality, carved right off the bone.  You can get full plates as well of either prime rib or turkey with all of the sides.  But, given how much food you get with the sandwich specials, I've never had to.  If you are in the area, or even if you aren't, it's a fantastic lunch.  11:30 - 2:00.
4	First experience here and I will be back. Strangely enough, the group that I was with was not a fan of prime rib. However, we all had a great meal! Two with steak and one with sea bass. The atmosphere and experience was excellent!!
4	Pro's: Great Prime RibIncredible hospitality and serviceBeautiful DecorCon's:ExpensiveSide Dishes not my favoriteI had a wedding reception dinner here with an open bar tab.  Just about everyone ordered the Prime Rib and it was great.  The carts that they server off of are very fancy.  The side dishes of creamed corn and Yorkshire puddings were sub-par.The place took care of all of the arrangements and from the meal to getting people cabs back to the strip hotels, it was all top notch.  I have been to the Lawry's in Los Angeles and it is a bit better, but our meal was very good.  With the open bar tab the meal with tip cost about an average of 80-100 bucks a person so it isn't cheap, but well worth it.  If you have a function and need a place to book, try this place.  Thanks
5	My wife and I had dinner here last night and the entire experience was awesome.  Were greeted by a very friendly hostess, who acknowledged they were running a few minutes behind but we didn't mind and really appreciated the heads-up.  The fresh sourdough bread to start was warm and the Spinning Bowl Salad was very good.  I'm not a fan of beets, but the French dressing was so tasty, that I really didn't mind the beets.  My wife had the California Cut, while I ordered the Lawry's Cut.  Both Prime Ribs were cooked perfectly.  We also enjoyed a side of the Sizzling Skillet Mushrooms and my wife also got the creamed spinach.  Together with the Yorkshire Pudding and Mashed Potatoes, it made for a very delicious meal.  We split the Key Lime Pie for dessert, which was excellent.  Needless to say, it was one of my favorite Prime Ribs ever.
4	Had diiner at Lawry's on Friday Night. I had the Prime Rib and my companion had the smaller cut. The food is outstanding and the mashed potatoes just melt in your mouth. Tasty salad and bread to start you off. My steak was just a tab more fatty than I like but cooked just right. I do highly recommend it still! We added a lobster tail and she had the seasonal cocktail. The server was very good and made us feel welcome. I will give extra credit for being able to call at 6:00 PM and getting a reservation for that night. When we arrived there were people waiting and we were seated right away. We loved the booth. A great dining experience.
3	**This is a review for their lunch menu**I brought my boyfriend here for lunch when we were in Vegas. We came here for lunch because we found out via the website that they have a much cheaper lunch menu!We ordered the prime rib lunch special (he got the Lawry's cut, I ordered the luncheon cut). It comes with the prime rib, mashed potatoes, a side, bread, and their whipped horseradish. The prime rib was still flavorful and whatnot. The mashed potatoes weren't up to par with the Beverly Hills location, which is a huge bummer for me, because I LOVE my potatoes. We both ordered the creamed corn on the side and we split an extra side of the creamed spinach (with bacon!). They were good too in terms of flavor.The way it works though, is that instead of them taking the order and bringing the food to you, you go to the mini carvery corner and get the food yourself. The problem with that is that the meat sits out longer because the carver cuts them for people in line and so by the time you get the table it cools down a lot. Also, the creamed corn just sits in the heated pots (like how they serve soups at buffets), so it starts to separate, bunching up on top. The server mixes it together before he serves it, but if I'm paying a lot for food, I don't want that kind of quality.I'm sure the dinner is much better, of course, but I didn't want to come to Lawry's for dinner in Las Vegas, when we have one in LA anyways. I'd rather go somewhere I can't find near home!
2	Read numerous Yelp reviews singing praises for Lawry's lunch special and their salad bar. First impression: the place was a ghost town. Totally empty. Not a good sign.The "salad bar" was, no joke, 2' x 3'. If you're making a movie and you need a miniature version of a real salad bar, come here. I told my wife I thought I was being punk'd. The "lunch special" was a BBQ sandwich for $10. It was God horrible. Couldn't eat it. The meat was very dry and rubbery and black on the outside. The BBQ sauce helped lube it up but didn't change the fact that it was inedible.I returned that for the Prime Rib Sandwich for $16. MUCH better. The meat was perfectly cooked, tender and tasty. The au jus was also excellent. But - $16? For a sandwich? Off a lunch menu? So, three sandwiches, a salad (which my wife enjoyed), and some iced teas - including tip = $72! Yep. Punk'd.
3	Coming here was our excuse to finally put our fancy pants on during our trip to Vegas.  Maybe it wasn't entirely necessary and eating a giant slab of prime rib doesn't seem like the best combination in our nicest duds but we were in Vegas after all.The service was great and our server was very attentive and informative.  We both got the classic cut and it was massive.  It was more fatty than I like and I kept giving those bits to my husband.  Honestly, this was the first time I have ever had prime rib and I will say that it isn't my favorite cut of beef but it was pretty good.  The sourdough bread is delicious and the spinning salad was cool, although I could do without the beets. We were also celebrating our anniversary and even got a slice of cake on the house!   Another bonus for me?  In a town ruled by Pepsi products, they actually serve Coke products.  My tired brain needed the caffiene bad but getting if from Pepsi wasn't going to happen.
4	Not a fan of their yorkshire bread pudding but this place has the best prime rib I ever tasted.  Excellent ambience and excellent service. Good place to take somebody you want to impress too.
2	Came here for a large group dinner a while back, and I gotta admit that a slice of prime rib is one of favorite dishes, but it was somewhat lacking here at Lawry's. It was basically a slab of meat with some au jus sauce. I hate to say it but I've had a better slice of prime rib at Black Angus!Recommendations: Hit up the local Black Angus or Outback Steakhouse instead.
5	I can't wrap my head around the bad reviews!! I was amazed at how wonderful our meal was.  The salad was so good, the prime rib (I had the English cut, Hubby had Lawry cut) was beyond wonderful especially with the Yorkshire pudding, potatoes and gravy went perfect with it!  Creamed corn was so good. We also sat at the bar while we waited and had wonderfully made drinks.  We will come every time we are in town!
4	Best prime rib and lobster I have ever had! Excellent customer service. I will definitely coming back .
5	Best prime rib ever. All the sides are good, but who comes here for that? Get the prime rib.
5	Sweet corn is a must for side item.  Prime rib and salad tastes better than House of prime rib (sf).  I usually don't come here often enough because every Buffet has prime rib.
4	Prime rib its their specialty and they do out right. I try to go at least twice a year, and get the Diamond Jim Brady cut. The spinner salad that they are so proud of is just ok.
5	Since the day we moved to Las Vegas, my husband has been hopping up and down to eat at Lawry's. He grew up in LA, near where the original restaurant still operates. I had a class on Valentine's Day, so we decided to make this our Valentine Rewind (and to celebrate our recent elopement).We set an early dinner appointment (5:00), as all morning we were rushing from church to Toastmasters, to walking the dog, etc. - and wanted to enjoy the rest of the evening. We arrived a few minutes early, still in our church clothes (so we fit right in), and decided to have a drink in the bar while we waited. I had a watermelon mojito (Oh. My. God.) Jim panicked and ordered a rum and Coke, his go-to drink. Both were expertly mixed, but each was over $12. A bit high for using Bacardi, frankly. If I'm shelling out that much for a small drink, I expect a higher-end rum. Still, the bartender was professional, congenial, and incredibly good at what he did.The host retrieved us promptly at 5:00, took us to the main restaurant, and pulled the table out from the booth to allow us to sit on the far end. Nice touch.I won't go into too many details, but overall, the experience was everything it should have been. Our waitress was spot-on, charming, and well-versed in everything about the restaurant (even though she shared with us that she was brand new). The food was positively amazing. I like my prime rib to be practically mooing - and it was. The house Cabernet was even perfect. I was impressed!I loved the fine dining experience (chilled salad forks - YAY!), the old-fashioned uniforms, the tasteful art-deco interior, and even the friendliness of the valets (though we parked ourselves). They even brought out a complimentary piece of "anniversary" cake with a lit candle. Very sweet!I was disappointed at all the rude Americans in jeans and t-shirts, not to mention the screaming child (thankfully in the farthest, back corner - but could still hear it several yards and a wall away). Did we simply do away with class, people? If you're enjoying a $100+ meal, you expect a tiny bit of decorum from your fellow patrons. I noticed that every single foreigner (even the huge clan of Aussies) were all dressed nicely. This is a trend I've noticed at church, weddings, and even funerals. Even bums on the street can clean themselves up for a special event, people! Stupid American pigs. Geesh. Not the restaurants fault, mind you, so no demerits for our boorish counterparts.Overall, a perfect romantic meal with incredible food and service. We'll be signing up with the VIP club, and we will be back.
3	It's been a long time since I've been to Lawry's, but it is an old favorite. New joints lured me away, but $99 dinner for two in April brought me back after a long hiatus. The sour dough bread, spinning bowl salad and creamed corn are just as tasty as I remember. The prime rib fell a little flat. It was more tough and fatty than I recall. And it seems red meat thrills me less and less as I age. Dinner also came with lemon dessert and a bottle of Chardonnay. It was a great deal. It's probably heresy to say, but I may skip the turf and try the surf next visit. Because the Lawry's experience is truly solid.
5	As a Chicagoan who grew up eating at Lawry's the Vegas location does not disappoint! The service is 1st class, the food is absolutely delicious! The room has an old supper club elegance. The organization that I enjoy hosts their regular luncheons at Lawry's and I couldn't be happier!
4	More like 3.5 stars in my book.My wife and I came to Lawry's last week while in Vegas because of the great yelp reviews that we saw on our phone.  Made a reservation that evening for a 9:30pm reservation. So being from San Francisco I got the impression that this is equivalent to our "House of Prime Rib" in SF.Our meal started off with warm sourdough bread followed by the spinning salad.  Next came the cart with the prim rib and it was sliced right in front of us.  For our sides we had the garlic mashed potatoes and the creamed corn.  The beef it self was good but not as good as the House of Prim Rib.  I'm not sure if the beef was dry aged but it just lacked robust flavor.  Don't get me wrong, it was still really good but I had higher expectations for it I guess.
5	It is, after all, Lawry's! I try to go to the original in LA at least once every two months, with a close friend of mine. It's a guy thing. I also go to the Tam-O- Shanter right in front of my apartment on Los Feliz. For any meat eater, it's a must! I have reservations for Sunday in Las Vegas with my brother, YAY!
3	Service and food presentation was a little cheesy, but thats Vegas baby.... Great beef ( prime rib and ribeye). Decor is dated and old school, but clean. If you like lots of beef and want to pay top dollar, this is your place.
5	It can't get better- prime rib perfection, excellent service, delicious spinning salad, corn, creamed spinach=food coma happiness. Very consistent service and quality in LA and Vegas locations.
5	Great food, had an amazing meal here! As good as it gets ! Try the Fiat martini... Best drink I've had in a long time!!!!
3	Worker at the Casino recommended this place. I ordered the Prime Rib. It was good but it was $42!!! I can get a prime rib special anywhere in Vegas for $10 and just as good. Bottom line, the place is good but way to expensive.
2	Sadly this is going to be a very mixed review.  Some good some, sadly, very bad:  Prime Rib, meh dry and not much flavor.  Cocktail perfect!, Waitress gets a "D", Carver and busboy both get an A+,  Bread, B.  Mushrooms A++, Uniforms, F- (really guys they look like goofy Halloween costumes.  First the good stuff:  My cocktail was perfect, the guy taking care of my water glass and keeping my table clean visited me more than my waitress.  I frankly I have never see a busboy more attentive, friendly and accommodating.  My carver was one of the best.  Young, on the job for only a month but man did he nail customer service.  He was honest without being pretentious, friendly but not fake and clearly enjoyed his role at Lawry's. It was clear that he was proud to be a Lawry's carver.  It is often recommended that you tip before he carves to bribe him into a bigger cut.  I tipped after the carve because he gave such great service.  Finally the Matre'd visited my table, greeted me by name and was genuinely interested in my experience.I think Lawry's has outlived its brand.  I think it is fair to call Lawry's more of a cliche than a real brand.  I went by myself on a business trip to Las Vegas and wanted to see what was like, 50 years after I went to the original in LA for the first time.  I arrived early and was asked to sit for a few minutes.  When seated there wasn't a sole in the place.  After a very respectable period for someone to tend to my water glass the 60+ year old waitress in a costume out of the 50's appeared to take my drink order and deliver the menus (unceremoniously plopped onto the table).  I ordered a Perfect Manhattan which she was obviously trying to commit to memory.  After a couple of seconds she said "ok, I will be right back with your Old Fashion", I had to tell her again, Perfect Manhattan, then she said, ok I will be right back with your Manhattan.  Again I had to correct her by telling her I ordered a Perfect Manhattan.  To be fair the drink was flawless.  I mean this was a perfect, Perfect Manhattan.  So good I ordered two.  However, when she delivered my drinks she plopped them on the table out of my reach.  Whats that about?  Craziness with my waitress continued, she asked me twice if I wanted lobster, three times if I wanted a la carte veggies.  Frankly, it almost seemed like a party of one was more of an annoyance than anything.  She had a table of six across from me; to them she gushed.  I bet she visited their table 5 times for every one visit to my table.The prime rib was dry and generally flavorless, the mashed potatoes were instant, the gravy out of a can, the spinning salad bowl is a joke with limp romaine and spinach on a cold plate; and the dressing out of a bottle.  I think at about covers it.  I travel on business and entertain and I am afraid it is time for this tired old Lady to hang up her dancing shoes.  You have seen better days.
4	I have not been here in about 10 years. It has a beautiful entrance. Inviting makes you feel welcome. It is a rather large place. Can't really see that from the outside. I did find the tables a little small and close together. The young man who escorted us to our table was a little stiff. Perhaps that is how they are supposed to act. Our server was wonderful. She was attentive and kind.  Our table did order two apps. I did not sample either. We had the spinning salad. the dressing was tasty. The salad well dressed. They looked delicious. Then came the carving cart. Three large roasts. I elected well done. I was given an end cut. I selected peas and spinach. I did not realize it was only one vegetable. They gave me both. The meat was perfectly cooked. The potatoes very good. Liked the gravy. The spinach and peas were yum. No room for dessert. A very nice experience.
5	Prime rib is usually not my favorite cut of meat, but boy I have definitely changed my mind after coming here! I would highly recommend getting the Prime Rib Dinner which includes: salad, a cut of prime rib, a side of mashed potatoes, and Yorkshire pudding. The Yorkshire pudding was a little odd, but more on that later. The house salad is delicious, it's their signature "spinning salad" that is tossed table-side. After that they wheel around a whole cart of prime rib prepared to different temperatures depending on your preference. So you just tell them what size cut you want and the slice it right there for you. And I think my favorite part about eating prime rib is the horseradish sauce. Lawry's gives you two different kinds- the really concentrated kind which will clear your sinuses out for a week, and the whipped kind which is light a fluffy and better for the more sensitive palette. The prime rib is served on the side of some mashed potatoes. You also have the option of some a la carte veggies like creamed spinach or creamed corn.Then they give you this Yorkshire pudding- which I always thought was a dessert. But it's a dry kind of bread that you let soak in the au jus and mop up all that delectable flavor. Overall it was a nice dining experience and I'll be coming back again. Good for a celebration, or even a romantic night out.
5	My girlfriend bought me dinner for our first night in Vegas and I selected Lawry's as the venue. While I have been here many times with business guests, this was a first with someone special. She has told me since this was the best restaurant she has been to in Vegas (or maybe ever). From the time we were seated to the time we left, it was a perfect experience. Highlights include nicely made (and quick) martini's, a server (Ms. Aran, I think) who was funny and attentive, and of course, the prime rib. I wont repeat the many reviews except to say that this place is consistently good and works for both business meals and romantic evenings. Every trip to Vegas will have Lawry's on the itinerary.
5	Always a pleasure dining here.  The best prime rib anywhere!
5	Go for lunch. You get the same thing as the dinner menu for HALF the price. We went here for lunch for my mom's birthday and received great service. Lunch differs from dinner in that you order your drinks from the waitress but you order your food from the chef in the corner. You need to get up and order it there. It's arranged like a buffet corner where there's a big hunk of prime rib cooking. The chef cuts your prime rib and fixes your plate for you on the spot. You take it back to your table and then you activate BEAST MODE on your food.We ordered the Lawry's Cut (thickest cut) with creamed corn and yorkshire pudding (a soggy but AMAZING piece of flavorful bread). Came out to about $26 per person. Super value, delicious, and great location. It's also much less crowded during lunch.
5	OK, what made this visit so special that compelled me to give it 5-Stars overall was the Staff.  Lawry's does, in fact, employs wonderful people.  The Maitre D, was personable and very prompt with seating our group exactly at the time of our 6 o'clock reservation. Amazing.  Then we spent an evening with the wonderful and comedic Mrs. Lauren Post.  Sorry for the publicity, Mrs. Post but you made my family of six feel at ease which gave us a wonderful start to our Vegas trip together.Man I just realized that I haven't even mentioned food yet? WOW? If that isn't saying something I don't know what else would?  Ok the food Is WITHOUT a doubt, DEVINE and heaven sent.  God bless the owners and every cook that had a part of my meal.  Thank you LAWRY's.
5	Our visit to Lawry's was the high light of my weekend in Las Vegas. the entire experience was first rate. My boyfriend and I wanted to sit down to a nice meal however we were casually dressed and were worried that we would be underdressed. Our appetites outweighed our wardrobe sense and we decided to venture in. Our server,Miss Brooks, was incredible. She truly  made our evening special. The food was heavenly and I can't wait to return. I suggested to my sweetie that we have a monthly date night back home where we can dress up and go out to our Lawry's here in Beverly Hills. The Old school service, attention to detail, and the stellar menu makes you truly feel like royalty. There is a reason this restaurant has endured.
2	Not impressed!  When I walked in the door I thought I was at a nursing home.  The decor was so outdated and the waitresses outfits were down right ridiculous.  I ordered the traditional prime rib and the it tasted like something from an all you can eat buffet.  Our bill was $300 and it was worth about $25.  I would've rated this place a 1 star but our waitress was kind and attentive.
5	My first Lawry's  experience and It totally impressed me. It is the best prime rib I've had yet. Perfectly seasoned and very juicy. My problem with prime rib, at most restaurants, is salty. If the meat is good on its own, you would not need much salt because it will overwhelm the real flavor of the meat. The meat here is flavorful on its own. Definitely the best cut and worth the money. The whole prime rib meal is around$50-$60. That includes the delicious salad and 2 sides. The corn is truly delicious. This place got my praise for service. I came around Christmas and they have caroling. They even came to our table and sang for us. From our waitress to the meat carver. All were very polite. My top prime rib destination!
3	Let me summarize this way: this restaurant is one block off the center of Las Vegas Strip, and it is only 75% full around 7:30pm on a busy Saturday night, when there is a minimum wait of 30min for some worst buffets on the Strip.I am a prime rib lover, and go to "House of Prime Rib" in San Francisco 5-6 times a year. It has been told that "House of Prime Rib" is a cheap imitation of Lawry's. So we decide to try the original. We made the reservation 2 month ahead and thought this place would be totally packed like House of Prime Rib on a Saturday night, especially it is right off the strip.We were 30 min early thinking it gonna be a super busy time for them as our reservation was 7:30pm on a Saturday. Finding it was pretty much empty (about 50-75% full), we asked if it is possible to seat us early. The answer was a firm NO. The reason? "We were fully booked."At 7:30pm, we were seated promptly. Their menu looks just like House of Prime Rib, except Lawry's has lobster tail and mushrooms. Their price point is almost identical except you have to pay extra ($6) for cream of spinach.The waitress has funny uniforms, looks more like in a road side diner in 1950s than a fine restaurant. And they forgot our bread (inexcusable for a $50+ per person restaurant).When they started serving our prime rib, it was 8pm. The restaurant is pretty empty, with about 50-75% full in the dining room, and totally empty in the bar and the waiting area.The "spinning salad" is not fresh at all. The lettuce looks a little dry and shows a little brown. This was a total disappointment as I love the salads in House of Prime Rib. Lawry's salad dressing is also a little more sour, which tastes like those bought in the supermarket (so much for their world famous salad dressing).The bright spot is the prime rib. It is fresh, juicy and a total 5 star! But the portion is on the smaller side. My wife and kids ordered the smaller prime rib and it is so small, they finished in 5 minutes. My Lawry cut is pretty decent in size, although still smaller than House of Prime Rib.Weird thing is that Lawry's does not serve au jus with the prime rib. Hmm, did they forgot it or they just do not serve it?Their Yorkshire Pudding is a disaster. It is burned and dark. Looks like they did not put any egg in there. Did not taste good.They neither have choices of how potato is served. Mashed potato only. I love the baked potato from House of Prim Prib :(Did not ask if they gave second serve of prime rib for free as in House of Prime Rib. Given how we experienced so far, I did not want to embarrass myself by asking the question.Obviously we won't be back to Lawry's Vegas. Already made reservation for my next trip to House of Prime Rib ...
4	Fabulously old-school experience, so much so that it's almost kinda creepy, like having dinner at someone you don't really know's grandma's house! This place has a super-solidly comforting appeal. Everything is solid, heavy, plush, SAFE. The waitresses are sweetly matronly, and the food is solid old-style comfort food. Prime rib, mashed potatoes...none o' that pretentious molecular gastronomy shit here! This is OLD SCHOOL FOOD.I came here after a really stressful day, and it was PERFECT. The minute I walked in, I kinda relaxed -- like, "Ahhh, I'm safe now; Lawry's will take care of me!" Then I stuffed myself with wine, red meat and carbs, and everything was wonderful.I will likely return, probably around Christmas time when it's said they go balls-out with holiday decorations. Can't wait!
5	I have been missing out.  I can't believe I'm already a  half-way point in my life and I've just discovered Lawry's.  The  pictures of prime rib never appealed to me.   I foolishly thought that ideal steak should be sizzling with nice grill marks.   I'm not much of a steak eater, but I do appreciate a good steak now and then.   First of all, the prime rib at Lawry's is juicy, flavorful and strangely don't give you that disgusting, heavy, greasy feeling  at the end.  It was very easy on my stomach.  I also love the fact that you can choose the thickness of your cut.   They also offer the best sides!  I loved the spinning salad, especially the spinning part.  I'm still dreaming about the Yorkshire pudding.  I felt like a little kid watching the chef prepare the meal table side.  I was totally amused and in awe.  I can't believe they don't have Lawry's here in the east coast!   They have to open one in NYC.  I want to go back to Vegas just for Lawry's.  Perhaps it's a good thing that Lawry's isn't in NY because it would seriously mess with my cholesterol level..
5	My daughter and I had the pleasure of eating at Lawry's on her 35th birthday. What a meal, great service and fantastic food who could ask for anything more?After we told our waitress it was my daughters birthday she had the Executive Chef David Simmons come to our table and sang happy birthday to her, we will return
2	Not sure how this place is for dinner, but for lunch it is more cafeteria than anything else.  Food is not served to you at lunch.  You have to get up and get it yourself even if you are paying almost $30 for a prime rib!
5	Seriously one of the BEST meals I have ever had!!!!    We were in Vegas for my mans Birthday and this was his choice for his Birthday Dinner ... We made a reservation for 8:30, which was perfect, showed up and were sat right away... Started with Bread and salad ... Any place that serves fresh warm sourdough is A ok in my book!!! Then came our entrees!!!!!  Oh MY GOD  .... The Prime rib cut was sooo generous and cooked so perfectly - NO SALT, PEPPER OR SEASONING OF ANY KIND NEEDED.   This melted in my mouth .... I seriously couldnt believe how amazing this was ... If prime rib is your thing and you have yet to try Lawrys - I SAY IT IS A MUST !!!!!!!   I am so glad there is one in LA , just pray it is as good!!!
4	Juju K: Maybe you're confused because prime rib is not a steak at all, but a slice of roasted beef.
5	As far as Prime Rib goes this is about as good as it gets.  Sure, there's a lot of buffets and other joints in Vegas that offer prime rib; however, none specialize in it like these guys do.I got the Diamond Jim Brady cut and it looked like a Fred Flintstone cut.  It was massive, rare and seasoned perfectly.  We also got the side of creamed spinach and garlic mash, which were amazing.  I could eat this weekly!Arguably one of my favorite meals of all time.
5	Everything you could want from a restaurant. First off all worth adding it is a 'smarter' restaurant, so though we were casual, you may be more comfortable dressing up a little.  Service was exemplary with a traditional touch. I was happy to take waiters wine suggestion based on us advising what we liked, but nevertheless he brought a couple of tasters for us to try. We took the kids and decided the best approach was to share US size portions including desserts. There was of course no problem with this. We have had a few prime ribs in the States, these had least fat, and as the meat is chosen from the cart rather than just the menu, cooked just how it you like it. So although the meal was not cheap, but few in Vegas are, it was worth it. They could have done nothing to improve the evening, as it was perfect. Thank-you.
3	I am a veggie, and am happy with veggies, eggs and cheese, just no meat. Why go here? Many of my friends like meat, and I can usually find a veggie option at even places like this.My friends really liked the prime rib, and enjoyed it thoroughly, but the person paying for the meal thought it was overpriced compared to "The Loft Prime Rib" with comparable quality of meat and preparation.For my part, the selected veggies were poor: * Asparagus were thick, tough, and old, lacking the kind of springy, freshness you find outside of Las Vegas * Even compared to other Las Vegas asparagus, this was the worst I had in the last week. * Lettuce in Las Vegas suffers the same way at almost all places of dining, fine or otherwise. Lettuce is limp, as are some veggies in the salad.Pluses: * The salad dressing was tasty * The preparation of the cooked veggies was good (even if the raw ingredients of veggies and their condition to start with was not.) * My friends liked the meat, the marbling, flavor, and portions
5	Just always an incredible dining experience and incredible food. Can't say enough great thing about Lawry's.
5	Went here last year, and hands down the best prime rib i have ever had. Have yet to find a prime rib better. Benchmark
5	I had prime rib in the morning at the buffet, then lunch at another buffet, and finally we somehow ended up at this place. The prime rib at the buffets were awesome but my god.... Can't get enough of it here!
4	As far as service goes it always a hit or miss... As far as food goes, its always a home run! This is by far my favorite prime rib place ever!! U can never go wrong with the Lawrys cut, cream corn and the mushrooms! Omnom nom. Great place to have a romantic dinner. I come to this place often because i love it so much! I love the VIP program too!!
4	Really enjoyed the whole experience. The food was very good the atmosphere was nice and the service was great. Ms Post was the best! I had the Diamond Jim Brady cut my Girlfriend had the ribeye. Mine was a perfect medium rare and hers had a delicious char on it and a great flavor. The Yorkshire pudding is a nice touch that goes really well with the gravy.This will be a regular stop every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Amazing tender prime rib. Delicious and unique salad that you can't get anywhere else. I am not usually a fan of big chunks of meat but Lawry's is the exception. My boyfriend took me here for our first trip together and it was heavenly. I waddled out of that restaurant 10 pounds heavier and it was so worth it. We now go at least once a year and have made it a tradition of sorts. We also tried their asparagus and lobster tails. The asparagus is okay, nothing to write home about so definitely not worth the $9 they charge for it. Lobster tails were very good but their specialty is not seafood so I would not go there for lobster. Just get the prime rib!!!Thank you Lawrys!! You've introduced me to the wonderful world of prime rib!
5	Finally tried something other than prime rib. I had the bone in rib eye. This steak is easily one of the best I've had,and that's days alot because I've been to some pretty reputable steakhouses such as craftsteak and some others. The service we received from "Rhonda" was beyond warm and welcoming,she was simply put an amazing server. Best dining experience since moving to Vegas 7 months ago.
5	I have been here a million times.   Everytime the food and the service is perfect.   I was going to Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse yesterday and couldn't get a reservation so I figured I midas well go to an old favorite... the bill was $148.00  for the two of us and we both added lobster to the bill it was fantastic! There was so much food we left half of it there.  I love this place.
5	A timeless classic.  This is my favorite special occasion restaurant.  We have been here several times over the past few years.  Their food is sheer perfection.  The service is flawless.I love this place so much.
5	I won't waste time writing about all the nice things that other reviewers have already said, because they are all true. That said I believe that Lawry's was one of the best restaurants in all of Las Vegas. The prices were comparable to other restaurants like Wolfgang pucks, Trevi, Spago...etc. but the food, the ambiance and especially the service were much better. Dinner for two  with wine cocktails, a prime rib dinner entree with lobster you can expect to pay about $200.
5	Outstanding Prime Rib!  Have always seen this place for years in Las Vegas and SOCAL....never once did I think about eating here.  I SHOULDA ATE HERE a long, long time ago.  Lawreys cut of Prime Rib medium rare was GREAT!  Highly recommend this fare of food to all.
5	Excellent birthday night out!  Outstanding service by a team with Liz? Taylor orchestrating. The prime rib and sides were so tasty. They even brought out a whipped cream covered cupcake with a candle for us. Sort of a time warp with the menu and waitress caps, but fun and worth it.  Very comfortable banquettes and low noise level allowing us to talk!
5	I love prime rib.  Going to Lawry's only reaffirmed my love for prime rib.  Amazing.  The only thing is that it's not directly on the Strip and they don't give you another slice like House of Prime in San Francisco if you finish yours.  But I still bought another slice.  It is prime rib after all.
3	This review is based on one visit.  I think that the visit to Lawry's was an unique experience.  My wife and I both ordered the Prime Rib and Lobster.  The waiter served us a spinning salad and the Prime Rib was served table-side in a cart. The Prime Rib was not hot at all.   We arrived at 9:30 pm so I'm not sure if we came too late or if the cart temperature wasn't correct.  I was expecting the best Prime Rib that I ever had but the meat temperature could not make that possible.  I prefer a heavy seasoned Prime Rib and mine had hardly any seasoning.  The restaurant was clean and the service was friendly; however, the cost could not be justified based on the quality.
5	Amazing dining experience!  The service was top notch,  timing was exceptional, the food was some of the best of my life.  I love a good prime rib and this didn't disappoint.   All enjoyed in art-deco splendor.
5	The new item on their menu, rib eye steak, was OUTSTANDING!!!  I like my steak  medium rare and it was spot on!  And the 'off-the-menu" sauces (especially the black garlic cause) really kicked the prime rib out of the field!  Don't waste available tummy space with appetizers....go for the meat!  House wines are the best value in Vegas!!!
5	holy cow!! amazing! i have only ever been to lawry's carvery in costa mesa and love their sanwiches and mac and cheese... but this full service restaurant is awesome! great customer service with that old time feel! absolutely loved this restaurant and will definitely be back. a little pricey but definitely worth it! spinning salad with those croutons! omg those croutons are amazeballs! then the prime rib is some of the best i have ever had! the service was great and love how they cut your meat and plate your plate right in front of you from a rolling carving station! oh and don't forget the coconut banana cream pie! that is awesome as well!
5	Lawry's never disappoints. Well, maybe I disappoint them cause even when I order the California Cut - I still can't finish it. It's so huge! It's a 6oz cut, but with all the accompaniments a girl can get full fast. The oh-so-good Yorkshire Pudding! Oh my goodness, don't get me started with the Creamed Spinach! The Cranberry/Orange Mojito was delish! The Sticky Toffee Pudding was delish too! And our waiter Kasey (the gent, not the lady) was so accommodating! Dining is such an awesome experience when you culminate all these little things.
5	Party of 5 please. Reservations highly recommended. Download the Open Table app btw. We ordered the calamari as an appetizer & each of us had the Prime Rib dinner (Lawry's cut). The dinner came with their infamous spinning salad, mashed potatoes & gravy & a slice of their puff bread. All were extremely delicious. Nothing to complain about here.Their dessert menu looked great, unfortunately we were all too stuffed to enjoy any of it. I hope to return soon!
4	Some great prime rib! Wasn't too sure about this place when I drove by but then I whipped out my iPhone and opened my handy dandy Yelp app and sure enough there it was with all those reviews. Place is very nice outside and very clean both inside and out! Walked in and was greeting right away by the hostess. 5-10 min wait at 8pm on Saturday night. We got seated and within minutes our server comes over. Mrs.Taylor (who was the best server I have ever had in a long long long time) greeted us with open arms and explained how the whole place and ordering works. The bread and butter was so fresh crispy and tasty. The salad was very fresh and light and the dressing was pretty tasty. It was tossed table side which was interesting. Now to the prime rib. I ordered a 10 oz medium well. When it was cut and handed to me it was a little overcooked for my taste. Mrs Taylor actually spotted it and right away brought out a brand new one. It was much better. It was flavorful juicy and more. Potatoes were a little bland for my taste but with a little salt and pepper it was spot on. Overall Yelp didn't let me down. I love the old world charm of this place. From what the servers are wearing to the music to the old fashion cart cutting the meat. Please please ask for Mrs Taylor she is beyond awesome!
5	One of the best prime rib I've had. All 5 of us went there after a long day at the convention and we were all happy with our ca cut
5	Another great dining experience this past Veterans Day weekend.  What can you expect from Lawry's.  Been to their Five Crowns restaurant in Corona Del Mar, their Lawry's location in Beverly Hills, and their Tam O'Shanter restaurant in Los Angeles.  All excellent.  You can't beat Lawry's Prime Rib for prime rib.  Service was excellent too.
5	This place is class all the way, it's like being transported back in time. Took my girlfriend there once and now she wants to go there all the time. Food is amazing.
4	It's Lawry's...what!I've eaten at many Lawry's restaurants and this one is no different. I ate there a year ago and again this early November. Everything was great and although we had a large group as usual, everything went smooth. Had the Diamond Jim Brady cut and shortly after eating it, realized that I really don't need THAT much meat. Me and my greed.
4	We used to come here a lot and I don't know why we stopped going. Maybe the fact that there are thousands (?) of restaurants in Vegas has something to do with it. They do have the best prime rib so whenever somebody has a craving for it then we go.The prime rib dinner comes with mashed potatoes, Yorkshire pudding, Spinning Bowl salad and horseradish. You pick the size of meat you want (from smallest to biggest, $38-59): California Cut, English Cut, Lawry Cut, Diamond Jim Brady Cut and the Beef bowl Cut.  You can get additional sides if you want like mushrooms, creamed corn, creamed spinach, peas, shrimp cocktail and asparagus.  They also serve ribeye steak and lobster tail. For dessert, they have sticky toffee pudding, Key Lime pie, ice cream, hot fudge sundae, creme brulee, cheesecake, coconut banana cream pie, chocolate pear upside down cake and chocolate lava cake.Prime Rib Dinner:They make the Spinning Salad in front of you.  A meat carver pushes cart of prime rib at your table and you pick what cut and doneness you want. I normally get a medium rare California Cut prime rib dinner and get additional sides of creamed corn, spinach and lobster tail. Their prime rib is tender and juicy they only give you a butter knife! I use Yorkshire pudding and mashed potatoes to soak up some of the au jus. 4/5Sticky Toffee Pudding:Warm bread pudding with warm toffee caramel sauce with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side and a dollop of whipped cream. It's a pretty big slice you might want to share with another person. It's not drowning in sauce and with sticky toffee pudding, I do like a lot of sauce. 3.5/5Chocolate Lava Cake:Chocolate cake with hot chocolate ganache inside with raspberry sauce, whipped cream and chocolate flakes. This is ok. Nothing special. 3.5/5
4	Went here on Saturday night, 9:00pm, 11/16/13.  As I was in-town on business, I was alone.  There was plenty of parking for my double-cab, 8' bed, full sized truck.  Walked right in and had a table in 3 minutes.  Ambience is slightly upscale.  The men were dressed like you'd expect in the main dining room of a cruise ship.  The waitresses looked matronly, primarily because of their matronly uniform.  I guess the costume is some sort of a maid's uniform, which included a white cap.  I did not laugh to myself because they, and the rest of the establishment was indeed fairly classy.  No teenagers worked here.  I had a salad, med-rare prime rib, creamed corn, spinach, and  Yorkshire pudding.  Yorkshire pudding is a special bread that you dip your remaining au-juice and other juices off your plate with.  The salad came with a house dressing that seemed to be a mixture of catalina/tomato and french.   The dressing was light and not very thick at all.  The waiter did NOT ask me what kind of dressing I want, so that might be all there was.  but it was sooooo good!  The dinner also  came with sourdough bread and butter.  Don't let the name "creamed corn" turn you off.  It's not the stuff you pour out of a can at home.  It really is very good.  Although the prim rib itself is very, very good, it really is no better than places such as The Outback and Texas Roadhouse.  So go for the ambience, or spinach, creamed corn.  If not, go somewhere cheaper.   Because of the ambience, creamed corn and spinach, I will be back!  (For sure.)
4	This was one of the nicest meals I've had the prime rib is great they carve it in front of you (kinda cool) you also get the famous spinning bowl salad also cool to watch,everything was great and the food was superb they do have a dress code so no shorts or shirts. The bartender was extremely knowledgable on the local beers which is a plus!
4	A must place to eat in Vegas
5	Delicious and great service! Came here from a recommendation for a client dinner - everyone was impressed. Really fast service too!
5	Our first time at Lawrys and it was great!!  You can get prime rib almost anywhere in Las Vegas but the prime here is fantastic!  Along with the yummy food the service is awesome.  They really pay attention to customer service.  Oh and the Art Deco decor makes you feel you stepped back into 1939!!
4	I came here with some business partners during a show.   Granted EVERY nice restaurant in Vegas was booked up during the show, but we waited for over 45 mins even with reservation.  I do have to say there is a lounge/bar area that you can sit and have a drink while you wait, but over 45 mins with prior reservation is still too long in my opinion.I have to sat the restaurant was packed when we say down, but it still took about 10-15 mins for the waitress to come and greet us.
5	Always have consistently great prime ribs and great service. Every time I crave for a piece of good prime ribs Lawry's never disappoint me. A great for dates, special occasions, or just any day of the week place. Spin salad before the meal was tasty and fun to watch before you start your meal. We order the most popular cut the "Lawry's cut" which is great portion for you appetite if you want to enjoy and not over eat yourself. It also came with their delicious cream corn, mash and famous Yorkshire pudding bread. Didn't try their dessert because I'm not a dessert type of person but I'm sure it's should also be pretty good too. Looking forward to my next visit to Lawry's next month for my own birthday
4	Lawry's Las Vegas offers the excellent prime rib you'd expect from a Lawry's! That said, it's not much of a Vegas-y experience--the restaurant is off-strip and the crowd pretty staid. But if you're there for the quality of the food, not the glitz and glamour, then you'll be happy. Definitely make a reservation just in case (and there's a private room in the back if you have a large group), and be prepared for the waitstaff to be a little slow (though very friendly).
5	We came here on Thanksgiving for lunch. We were a party of 10 and we arrived 20 minutes before they opened yet they still welcomed us inside; that was great service!! We were greeted by several staff and escorted to our round table. Kinda feel sorry for the girls working there and having to wear their uniform with a winged hat!!! LOLOur server was Christine but she told us she goes by Chloe. She was so amazing to us!!! In our group of 10 peeps, we had some high in demand needs and Chloe was always smiling and always willing to accomodate our needy friends. All of the food was full of flavor and so yummy!! The restrooms were clean and inviting.
5	Love this place! Great service all around. The prime rib was delicious! Would definitely recommend this place!
4	Came here with a group of about 20 people.  We were sat in a private room next to the wine cellar.  Very nice setting.  Christmas tree, fireplace, cozy.  Loved the prime rib, but i did see quite a discrepancy in the sizes of the portions...mine was rather small compared to some.  Too bad, I really enjoyed it.  Creamy spinach was good.  The wait staff didn't tell us how they served so when they started dropping plates in front of us and they had different sides I thought that was strange.  Overall, I'd go back but it's not my first choice for the steak dollar...
4	Servers are highly trained. Everything seems to arrive right on cue. The menu is old time and prepared to near perfection. It's a drive for us but always worth it.
5	Loved it. I could leave the sides, I'll take that ribeye any day!  I asked for well done and my steak was still super tender. I was so into the steak that I didn't really care about the potatoes and fried onions that came on the side. The house chips were super good too and my Manhattan was perfect. Our waiter was super nice and they even came to our table and entertained us by singing Christmas carols. Man... now I wish I was there eating steak instead of in my cubicle writing this review.
4	My husband and I received many recommendations from Hawaii friends regarding this restaurant. The food is worth 3 stars because although the prime rib was great I've had great prime rib at other places in Hawaii too. However the 4 stars is really for the good service, delicious dessert, open table reservations, and the carolers that went to each table and sang a few songs for us. I loved it and I'm glad we tried it.
5	The prime rib is outstanding. The price is high for the portion. The staff are very friendly and welcoming.
5	If you love prime rib this is the place to be.  Top notch service, elegant setting and the food (which mostly consist of prime rib) is sooo good!  They wheel a silver cart up to your table and you choice your done-ness, cut and sides, fyi the cream spinach is out of this world good.  If I could have brought some home to Hawaii I would have it's that good.
5	I've been to Lawry's twice on special occasions, and I love it!  Located a little off the strip, Lawry's is about a $10 cab ride from the MGM.  I've made reservations on both occasions, and that seems to be the best way to do it.  The staff is very accommodating, I've rescheduled reservations several times without a problem.  Walking into Lawry's, the ambiance is very old school.  The restaurant is a bit formal so I dress up whenever I visit.  Lawry's is mainly known for their prime rib, but they do serve other dishes as well.  I usually go with the prime rib though.  There are several different cuts of the prime rib that you can choose from, and all dinners come with their famous spinning bowl salad, mashed potatoes, and yorkshire pudding.  The spinning bowl salad has shredded beets in it which is a nice touch.  Lawry's also has their own homemade spices made specifically to season their salads.  The Lawry's cut is the perfect amount in my opinion.  I've gotten a larger cut the first time, and that was way too much prime rib.  I always get a lobster tail as well with my prime rib for an extra charge of $12.  Service is always friendly and on point.  They do offer a point system loyalty card for a one time purchase.  If I lived in Vegas I would definitely get that card for extra benefits.
5	This was my first time at lawrys ..I ordered the prime rib which was delicious and loved the Yorkshire pudding. .The portion size could serve ..I had the cheese cake for dessert. .and again it was a huge portion and one of the best I ever tasted..
5	Great service and delicious food!
5	WHAT A LOVELY EXPERIENCE! I came here with coworkers after a long day at the convention center during CES. The staff was friendly and the food was so delicious. I couldn't finish it all. Had a really great time here, will def return when I go back.
5	This is my first time to Lawry's in Vegas and for lunch. My previous experience was in Beverly Hills for dinner. Both times, I've had a great experience. I highly recommend coming here! The decor here is nice and elegant. Great service. Made a reservation for lunch, came in, and was quickly seated. Our party of 3 ordered the Lawry's cut prime rib with mashed potatoes, Yorkshire pudding and creamed corn, 1 lunch special of BBQ beef sandwich with spinning bowl salad, and 1 prime rib sandwich. Instead of a meat cart brought to your table during dinner time, you take your order up to the carver's station. The carver for our prime rib is such a nice guy. He was efficient with the knives and also super friendly. Our lunch was amazing. The prime rib is tender and flavorful. Mashed potatoes and creamed corn is as good as I remembered. The BBQ beef sandwich is really tasty. It is nice and tender, has just the right amount of bbq sauce and wasn't salty at all. This is the first time I've tried their sandwiches. They are really good. Service is good, our server is very friendly but seemed a bit overwhelmed and busy.Would I come here again? Heck yeah!
5	We had dinner at Lawrys yesterday, for my birthday. It was just awesome. The presentation was wonderful, the ambiance and the decor was great. It was like going back in time.They bring the prime rib in a cart to your table and slice it in front of you. It was great, very tender. All the food was good. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone. On a side note, I read some reviews about the waitresses uniforms.  They are part of the experience.  It's suppose to be retro.Very happy customer. Service was great too!
1	Review for second experience only.I had such an amazing experience at Lawry's the first time I was there that I had to reserve to dine again for my birthday this past weekend. The second time around was not as satisfying as the first.What went wrong?- the bread was cold- the waitor did not informed the party about added charges beforehand- ordered medium rare prime rib, but prime rib was nearly cooked and chewy. I only had 4 bites and was immediately sad that it did not taste like the first time around.- I was in love with the salad, but didn't taste as good as the first time- it felt like the waitor was in a rushSplit charge is $15... Seriously? I come in a high end-high end restaurant, expecting to pay good money for good food but there were unnecessary charges. $15 to cut a piece of meat and put it on another plate is unreasonable. I could have done it myself. Secondly, the portions are big and could be fit for two people... But my party was charged $8 per plate for a measly salad.It was my birthday, but was also charges $8 for dessert. I'm not saying that it should be complimentary but as a known high-end restaurant, you want to accommodate to your customer's satisfaction so that they can come back and spend more.So basically.. 3 split charges.. $15 each coming out to $45, plus the two salad plates $16, and the cheesecake $8. Coming total to $69 in charges (almost 1/3 of our bill). I was so disappointed that I am not sure if I want to come back. The bill was $306, but tipped the waitor $35 because I thought it was nice ENOUGH. It would have been more if there weren't so many added charges.Comparing this to other high-end prime rib/steakhouses... Lawry's loses to Flemings, Ruth Chris and Morton's by miles. As a high-end restaurant, added charges should not be one of the concerns - makes the customers feel like you are more about making that extra money, rather than making them happy.Needless to say, birthday dinner was a big disapppointment.
5	I love the presentation of each course. They toss the salad in an ice bow & prime rib is on point. The bar up front is a plus if there is a wait!
5	Wen't  to lawrys last night for a romantic dinner. Service was great.. The food was excellent. The starter salad was so good.  My boyfriend had the prime rib and he was in heaven. I had the sea bass it was incredible. We both enjoyed  it so much.  I would go back over and over again.
5	Hands down the best prime rib available, if the old saying is true you get what you pay for than this is quality at its finest, pricing is fair, about a hundred dollars for two with drinks, and they even bring the carving station to your table while the chef cuts the meat to your liking, all out great service.
4	Eating at Lawry's makes me feel like I'm a Vegas mobster . This place is old school mafia chic, with the exception of the patrons who were wearing baggy jeans and flat brimmed caps, reminds me of myself 12 years ago when I first ate at Lawry's. The Food is still as good as it was 12 years ago and the waitresses are still sassy as hell. Side note, there is a titty bar across the street that doesn't charge an entrance fee, I remember going there when I was 21 and getting a $2 lap dance from cougars. Still there. Some places in Vegas stay the same.
4	Come here about once a year. Never a disappointment. Nicely seasoned bone-in ribeye. Love the sides (creamed corn and spinich). Always great service.
5	If you are looking for prime rib, this is the place. Meat is cooked to perfection. Spinning salad and side dishes are a nice addition to any meal. Service is exceptional, and expected when you dine in restaurants of this caliber. I highly recommend reservations.
4	Excellent place to cab to if staying on the strip (about $7 from the Bellagio)  Cab service back to our hotel was a breeze as well.  The service was polite and attentive.  Their famous Prime Rib is always excellently prepared and the side dishes are on par. It was so easy to make reservations on Open Table especially in a crazy city like Vegas.  We were seated right away and finished dinner with more than enough time to catch our show.
5	Man, I would give this  Lawry's and the HOPR in SF two thumbs up.  The dinner starts with a great spinning salad.  I ordered the diamond cut and the prime rib was soooooooooo good, along with the traditional side dishes!   The service was exceptional too, for this was my 2nd time here and will be back whenever I come to Vegas.
5	This is the best meal I have had in recent memory. I love the ambiance. The uniforms could go for a little bit of a revamp, but our waiter, Mr.Ayers was very attentive and really nice. It was just 2 of us, we started with Shrimp Cocktail (AMAZING) and Orange Cranberry mojitos.All of the food was really amazing. I can't believe that I've never tried the creamed spinach before, how is that possible? It was SOOOOO good. I couldnt finish all my food, focus on the meat first, thats why your there, right?This was a really nice treat. I shouldnt wait so long before going again.
1	We went here to have dinner first night in Vegas and after waiting and watching them sit four different party's that came after us without we left. Just RUDE!!!
5	Great meal and great service. It is worth to come and enjoy your DELICIOUS meal!!! :-D  love it!
5	I ate here during "Restaurant Week" and am so glad I did! I enjoyed every bite of my meal and the service was fantastic. Hubby and I were seated at a roomy booth and our drinks were never empty. A basket of warm bread with butter came out quick and tasted great. The price for the RW menu was $50.14 per person and I enjoyed the following for that price before tax:The Famous Original Spinning Bowl Salad - This is made right at your table. Our server, Ms. Huang had 2 metal bowls that spun as she added the dressing. The salad had lettuce, beets, hard boiled eggs, croutons and their signature vintage dressing. I haven't ever tasted a salad like this before. It was suggested that I add some of the Lawry's seasoning that was on the table, so I did. The salad tasted so fresh and delicious. Very good.Mashed Potatoes - This was a nice addition to my plate. The mashed potatoes are whipped with butter and milk and tasted perfect. The brown gravy that came on it was good. Buttered Peas - Yum! Being on the same plate, the peas ended up with brown gravy and au jus on them which I like. Plus, I just like peas!Yorkshire Pudding - This comes in a skillet by itself. It tasted great and was perfect for soaking up the last bits of gravy on my plate. it was soft and really good. Prime Rib - 8 ounces of pure heaven! A carver came to the table with a cart of prime rib and let me pick how I wanted it and then carved it right in front of me. I like mine a little more done and that's just what I got. The prime rib was so tender and literally fell apart. It had such great flavor. To say I didn't leave here stuffed would be absolutely wrong! Everything tasted good, but the prime rib was the true star.Creme Brulee - This had fresh berries on top and It tasted so good, but I could only eat half because I was so full. Coffee - Tasted great and was a perfect way to end the meal. At this point I just needed a pillow for a nap!I can't say enough about our server. She was fantastic and took great care of us. The manager on duty, Wendy came over and chit chatted with us for maybe 10 minutes and she was warm and friendly. She let us know a little about the lunch menu which sounds like a winner. This was a great RW experience and I will be back!
5	Everything was excellent at my recent dinner here. It was just as nice as the one in Beverly Hills which is where I normally go to. The service was great, the food as excellent and we didn't wait long after arriving. You wouldn't expect to if you have a reservation but at Beverly Hills, we arrived right on time for our reservation and didn't sit for another 30-45 minutes. They also didn't charge us for a complimentary birthday cake slice, unlike Beverly Hills Lawrys.
1	Terrible assistant manager, failed to bring included item with meals and he was rude beyond belief!
5	My girlfriend and I came here on a Saturday night. We got seated within minutes. Our waitress Ms. Taylor was amazing and very knowledgeable. The prime rib was the perfect temperature . Our food was amazing and the prime rib tasted amazing especially on the bone . I loved this place and definitely will come back multiple times .
5	This is my new favorite place. I don't know what took me so long to eat here but it wont be long before I come back again. The service is good and the food is excellent. They have a lunch and dinner menu. I had a meal that came with prime rib, mashed potatoes and gravy, salad, peas, and yorkshire pudding. It was a fine feast. I never had salad that was spun in a bowl before but apparently they are known for it here. I don't usually like salad but I did eat this one and liked it. The prime rib was juicy and tender. A guy came to the table and carved the prime rib in front of us. The prime rib here is definitely worth coming here for. I really liked the yorkshire pudding and other sides. It was all very good and filling. For dessert I had chocolate lava cake. It was warm, soft, and the chocolate in the middle oozed out and tasted great. Our waitress checked on us often and the meal was well worth the money.
2	Me, my wife and and another couple came here and we heard good things and always wanted to try Lawrys out. Wasnt as great as we expected- FOOD. The prime rib was very tender and good, the sides was they could have left in the back, I could popped open a can of Del Monte cream corn and made it better. Mashed Potatoes im sure was made from one of those brands that you make in a microwave instantly. Seeing the lilttle spinning salad bowl thinking we going to get a good salad be but all we got was a spin of .... shit, wasnt good!!SERVICE. The waiter was some what rude, he was irritated because he actually had to serve us, right after we got our food, the cook came out and told us to not tip him because he racist..how an hispanic can be racist?? The after we got our bill we seen the $15 split plate charge and disputed it as we wasnt explained this. The Asst. Manager was addressed and instead of pulling him to the side and discuss, he reprimanding him right at our table!! Very unproffesional and need to be RE-TRAINED. Oh forgot to mention it was the guys last day on the job...Yea my wife already trying to contact their cooporate office to voice her concern.OVERALLWell the prime rib seem like the only thing good, the rest of it need to be worked on and get some servers in there that are passionate and want to satify customers.
2	Meh...  Went there on my wife's birthday because she wanted prime rib, and we were told this place had the best.  We both had the Lawry Cut, which for the price I expected to be some monster that I could never finish, nope, very average size, about 10 ounces I think.  At any rate, it was very tasty prime rib, but let's talk sides.  I expect a high-end restaurant to have high-end food, instead we are served some watery mashed potatoes that apparently came from box, topped with some low-end steak-house gravy.  The peas ($5 extra) seemed to be dumped straight from a can.  We're talking public school cafeteria grade sides.  The bill came to around $130 for 2 of us with the tip, and we didn't even have dessert or drinks.  Again, the prime rib was good, but this is Vegas, there is plenty of prime rib around, and many better places to eat for that kind of money.  If you have run out of places to eat, sure, give it a try, but we're still scratching our heads over whether or not we got royally screwed on that deal.
5	My favorite restaurant. This place is so good from the salad to the prime rib and the desserts. Inside is beautiful and much different than any other restaurant you've been to. They carve the prime rib right by your table in a cart. Cream corn is my favorite side. For dessert you can't go wrong with the CC browns hot fudge sundae but my personal favorite is the trifle. It's the best salad I've ever had and if you agree, you can bring home the salad dressing, they sell that and cc browns hot fudge.
2	Spinning salad was blah. Lettuce drenched in dressing doesn't make a great salad.Ribeye was ok. Nothing to write home about. One of the few times I really didn't clean my plate. Friends got the prime rib and neither of them were impressed. We have had our fair share of good steaks in Houston, so in comparison this was average at best. Waiter was slow and charged us for a drink he made wrong. Seriously..when 5 people are spending 50 bucks a steak, the least you can do is not charge for 1 cocktail that was made wrong. Next time I am making a reservation early enough at one of the other steakhouses on the strip.
5	This is a classic indulgent dinner. Lawry's only serves a handful of items and most of them are traditional. They seldom offer any "fusion" dishes and I find that refreshing. The main attraction is of course the prime rib and they do a an exceptionally good job with it.   We prefer the English Cut because the slices of prime rib are nice and thin. Their salad and sides are also very good. And, their Yorkshire pudding is good, bready compliment that is good for soaking up the gravy and au jus. As a side note, the art deco style of the Las Vegas location is fun if not a bit quirky. I prefer the Beverly Hills location with what I like to call the pilgrim decor. There is something very old school about that I just love.
5	By far the "BEST" Prime Rib dinner!!Prime rib was tender and cooked to perfection.  Cream corn was unbelievable creamy as well as the mashed potatoes.  The spinning salad bowl presentation was cool and the salad good.  Service was good.Overall if you looking for prime rib in Vegas, skip the buffet's and head on over to Lawry's.  You won't be disappointed!
5	I've been here at least half-a-dozen times. Each time, I have ordered the 12 oz. prime rib which is more than adequate considering all of the scrumptious side dishes that you will order. I've never figured out the purpose of the Yorkshire Pudding but I guess that may be a European-thing. Anyway, the service is always above-par. The price tag is high so beware.
5	had a great birthday dinner for my husband who loves prime rib ....he was very happy:)
4	Been here twice. First time was delicious. Signed up for the Lawry's VIP Club and came there during an April Special Dinner for 2 $99. By the time I'm through with the salad and like 3 bites of the prime rib, I'm already stuffed. Good food, nice ambiance for a special occasion. If you go on Mondays, you get double points on your VIP card ;). Spinning salad is probably my favorite item on the menu.
2	When paying $45 for a 10oz. prime rib, I do not expect to be served out of a cart wheeled  to my table. I expect the food to be brought from the kitchen. That really cheapened the experience, IMO.
4	Always a favorite when we travel to Las Vegas and Dallas. Love it!
2	Co-workers raved as well as family. I can say the service was top notch, Cesar was extremely professional and quick to meet my tables each and every need, if I had a restaurant I would have him as the trainer. The location is easy and central. Ideal for any occasion.Now to the food part. I know you'll say " who goes to Lawry's and gets pastrami" but I did, it was recommended and it is my favorite sandwich. The pastrami is what docked the experience two stars. There was very little seasoning, a bit too much fat, and missed that good pastrami bite. I have had pastrami all over the country, I could say this didn't make it to the top twenty even. The homemade potato chips were good as well was the condiment bar. I can just say for a $14 sandwich and a $3.50 club soda, the juice wasn't worth the squeeze. I would tag this meal at a worth of right around $8.00 Maybe someone will convince me to go back and try the primerib, I will then update.
5	Its was recommended from a customer and family . They were right it was great a lil pricey but worth it I will return again
4	Was taken here for a work dinner and can say they definitly nailed down the prime rib.  Walking in it has a fancy atmosphere with the valet and a bar for the waiting area.  When we were seated I guess I wasnt expecting the throwback to the 1950s era.  All the waitress's look like hotel maids.  And the whole area has this like fancy steakhouse for back then appeal.  It's not my favorite but for those who like it go for it.Service was mediocre at best.  She'd come only every so often and wasnt on top of us for drinks.  If she were she could of easily forked a good 100$ more out of us from alcohol beverages alone.  Food was pretty killer.  I love a good prime rib so theres was delicious.  And the sides that come with it were pretty killer on their own as well.  Overall great restraunt, good quality food.  Service was a little bit slow but nothing horrible.  And to me i just felt cramped atmosphere wise.  Thinking back i dont think i saw a window in the dining area.
5	This place is absolutely amazing!!!! Being that I'm a vegetarian, and rating a steakhouse 5 stars means that this place is great! They had a vegetarian entree that was just roasted mixed veggies and rice pilaf! The service was excellent! Our waiter was soooo great! Probably one of the nicest restaurants in LV! Even though I don't eat meat, I thought it was really cool how they bring the meat on a cart and slice it all right in front of you!To top off the awesome dinner, our family ordered 3 different desserts, all desserts were so amazing, but I'm a huge coconut fan and had the coconut banana cream pie and it was the best pie I've ever had in my entire life! The pie crust was coconut shreds which really brought out the coconut flavors!My sister got the lava cake , and it came out so warm and sooooo yummy for the chocolate lovers! And then my mom got the toffee pudding pie and that was AMAZING as well! Ugh , this place is definitely a must go! I have absolutely no complaints and I hope to come here again!!!!
5	Have been here easily 10 times for various personal and business dinners and most recently last week for a birthday. Service and food quality has been impeccable each and every time. And I've been to probably 75% of the high end steakhouses in Vegas. It's prime rib so may not be for everyone but if that's your thing you really can't go wrong.
4	Really good place for a drink and a good steak. Service was spot on!
4	Pretty solid.... As good as House of Prime Rib in SF, and they will seat you on time.
5	Best Prime Rib I've ever had.  I love going here.  The whole experience is incredible.  The Prime Rib is melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  I get the English Cut, which is thin slices of the Prime Rib.  They cut it table side, as well as the "spinning" salad bowl is prepared table side as well.  And it comes with the Mashed Potatoes & Yorkshire Pudding.  Compared to what you'll pay on The Strip for a great dinner, this is a MUCH better deal.  Highly recommended!  The service isn't the best, but it is still pretty good.
5	Since 1999, I have  dined at this wonderful establishment.  Everything, and mean everything is great!  The service is as amazing as the food!!!I wanna send a shout out to my girl Carolyn, the best hostess ever.
4	This review is long overdue. I have come here around 5-6 times total. Its a must go to when I am in vegas. I love the prime rib and the outfits that are traditional attire for when the restaurant opened. Great price for what you get! The waitress remembered us when we would come in roughly twice a year, and I give her big props for remembering our anniversary and bringing out a decorated dessert. Lots of wonderful memories here, can't wait to go back
3	A family member recommended Lawry's the last time we were in Vegas; we finally got to try it out this time. Unfortunately, I wasn't too impressed. The food was alright. Prices were of course on the higher side bc of prime rib but still pretty reasonable. Service was a bit odd... I can't quite explain it. The decor's pretty old-fashioned. Lawry's is about 2 mi away from the Strip. You choose the size of prime rib & they carve it table-side, which was pretty neat. Salad, mashed potatoes, & yorkshire pudding come with your prime rib order. The prime rib was good; everything else tasted just ok.
5	It had been a while since I  dined at Lawry's Las Vegas, but I craved a spinning salad and a bone in piece of prime rib. I made reservations on open table literally 20 minutes prior to my reservation and had no problem getting in. Once greeted by the friendly staff we were escorted to a nice roomy corner booth with a view of the entire main dinning area. Our waitress has worked here for 11 years was friendly and funny. She took my drink order while we enjoyed the complimentary warm yummy bread. I placed an order of wild mushroom medley so the timing would coincide while Arturo carved  my request of the Lawry's bone in prime rib cut and plated my mixed cream corn &  spinach, mashed potatoes and Yorkshire pudding. The prime rib was delish, tender and flavorful - it was that moment I realized why I unconsciously wanted to dine here!  All the sides were perfect and the wild mushrooms were incredible. Unfortunately I was so full I  had to pass on dessert, so decided to walk over to Starbucks and had a nightcap Frappuccino.I'll definitely return to Lawry's again for the traditional food, service and convenience.
2	Taste: 2.5Creativity/Authenticity: 3.5Atmosphere: 3.5Service: 4Bang for your buck: 2.5Where do i begin, when in vegas prime rib is a must and well researching around lawrys always came up first... why?! came here with my gf to try "the best prime rib" in vegas NO WAY!!!! got the calamari and caprise salad to start, the calamari well how should i put this, frozen in a bag dropped in the deep fryer SUPER CHEWY; the caprise salad was fine i mean you cant screw up sliced tomatoes Mozzarella cheese and basil. Now to the main course... we both ordered the lawry special cut and let me state we came early so the meat had just been prepared we were 2 of 5 people in the restaurant and if you've never been to lawrys they have roll carts with a carving station where the cook with literally carve your prime rib at your table and well my meat was overcooked and that made it very chewy and un edible and for $44 dollars not worth it at all! got mashed potatoes for a side dish might as well been straight powdered potatoes cause thats what it tasted like and the consistency was horrible! The only reason why this place even got 2 stars is the service, our waitress in training so we got 2 of them, I love the fact that they pride themselves in service but it gets bad sometimes where you cant even enjoy a meal without someone consistently coming to your table "hows you meal sir" uhh i have'nt even cut my prime rib yet jeeze but ill still give it to them because good service is better than bad service. Overall don't think ill be going back to lawrys anytime soon so back to my quest to finding the best prime rib in vegas!
5	If you do not come here you will miss one of the finest dinners around. We were told by 3 people we asked as to where to go for steak/prime rib.They all said to go here.The service was amazing, but the Prime Rib was out of this world.  Simply the best Prime Rib I have ever had, and I have had some really good ones. But this tops them  all.You can't leave Vegas w/O coming here.WOW is a understatement. You will not be disappointed. ......I would make the 6 hrs drive just to get here.
5	This is the best prime rib that I have ever tasted. Although I must confess that I am not the expert on prime rib, I have had my share of buffet carving stations.  The. Service was great and the menu is pretty simple. They bring out your meat on a portable carving station and it is cut and cooked to your preferred temperature. Can't wait to go back to this place!
3	It has been many years since the last time I ate at any Lawry's and the food is still quite good.  I couldn't have asked for better service -- very accommodating.
5	Hands down the best prime rib I've ever had! Came here for my birthday last weekend and it was my 1st time at a Lawry's. I had heard so much about their prime rib, so as a prime rib lover I couldn't wait to check it out! We made reservations in advance but I'm not sure if it is necessary because the restaurant didn't appear full, even on a Saturday night. Once you are seated you are presented with a dinner menu and wine list. Once we selected our bottle of wine - Lawry's private selection Chardonnay, our waiter explained the menu and ordering process to us since it was our 1st time at Lawry's. After this, for some strange reason our menus were taken away. If you would like to add a lobster tail to your meal or any sides besides creamed corn and creamed spinach, this is when you have to place those orders.The prime rib is brought around on carts and sliced at your table. You are asked for the cut size you'd like, along with how cooked you like it. In my opinion, for prime rib you definitely have to go medium rare. I went with the Lawry Cut which is around 10 oz. All prime rib dinners include mashed potatoes and Yorkshire pudding, which is a puffed bread and not an actual pudding as I had thought lol. You have the option of adding a scoop of creamed corn or creamed spinach, which were good but definitely not worth the ridiculous 7 bucks per scoop price! Now we know. Other sides come on small plates and we opted for some mushrooms which were $9. The meat was perfectly seasoned and very juicy. Usually when you have prime rib, some areas are more seasoned or dry than others...that was certainly not the case here and even the parts without fat were juicy and flavorful.At the end of the meal, our plates were taken away and a buser came by to de-crumb our table - fancy!. This is when we were handed dessert menus. Too full to order anything and about to depart for my UYE party, I was about to decline dessert when they brought out a small cupcake sized shortcake with a single candle on top. This was a nice surprise to close out our wonderful meal. I will definitely be back and can't wait until next time! Before leaving the restaurant, I was already thinking when my next visit would be!
5	We have been coming to Lawry's for years.  Love the atmosphere, great service.  The food is awesome and never disappoints.
3	I give this place a 2.5-3 topsSpinning Bowl Salad was great. Except the wife found a small rock in hers that almost broke her teeth. The staff were apologetic and later claimed it was rock salt. Yeah right!The Prime Rib was very good but nowhere near as good as House of Prime Rib in San Francisco (sorry I have no other place to compare it to) - it was very flavorful but it wasn't as tender as I expected it to beAt first I thought the service was great, but I then realized our server was trying to up-sell us on everything, even when we requested the check, she was begging us to take some dessert homeIf you're paying top-dollar, you really should have an amazing experience with unforgettable food... Sadly, this wasn't the case
5	We enjoyed the signature ribeye, BBQ prime rib and prime rib sandwich very much!!!  Great ambiance and nice self order sandwich and salad bar!  Strongly recommended!
5	It's impossible to not love Lawry's. It's my husband and I's go-to 'occasion' restaurant. Classy but not stuffy and the Art Deco is reminiscent of the Empire State Building. Service is on-point. Bread baskets, spinning bowl salad (with the best croutons) and shrimp cocktail are great starters. Table-side carving of prime rib and sides are always perfect. I get the California or English cut, smaller cuts but still enough for me to bring home leftovers. Only complaint is that after coming here year-after-year for a decade, we've watched the prices creep up to vegas strip-status. When prices are resort-level highs, you lose some of the authenticity which I hate seeing with Lawry's.
5	#firsttimer! I absolutely lovvvve this place. So I know this place is really known for it's prime rib. Being my usual self I went against the grain and ordered a rib eye. BEST DECISION ever! My friend ordered the lobster trio. Now don't get my wrong the lobster was like butter..... My rib eye tho.. was HITTIN. Needless to say my friend ate half of my ribeye and we shared the lobster. Oh wait, I forgot to talk about the spinning salad... Total yumminess...minus the beets. Since I don't particularly care for beets after eating half the salad it was prominent. Overall the ambiance and experience was unmatched. It's pretty pricey.. Wallet beware... For the large ribeye, lobster trio, side of bacon mashed potatoes a glass of prosecco and lemonade was $150. Which included a $20 tip.ENJOY!
5	How can you give anything less.  The prime rib was delicious.   If you go in August, request the August special which includes a bottle of wine for 2 people, prime rib or salmon, the spin salad, and desert w/ coffee or tea.  All for $99 for two people.   Not a bad deal and more food than anyone one person needs at one time.   Again, the prime Rib is the reason to go and they did not disappoint.   Delicious.
5	I love this place!  We have been to the one in Beverly Hills and this Lawry's is just as great!  We decided to go for lunch since the prices were so much cheaper.  Even though the prices were less for lunch, it didn't affect the quality of the product or the size of the cut.The gf got the regular Lawry's cut and I went for the enormous Beef Bowl Cut.  This cut was so huge it had two bones.  I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  The meat was flavorful and tender.  It was so moist I could taste the flavor of the juices with each bite.  The lunch came with two sides and we got the creamed corn and creamed spinach.  Both were winners!  I cannot wait to go again...
4	The prime rib was delicious as were the sides.  My date's lobster tail was shrimpy, literally, the size of a large prawn.  Won't order that next time but everything else was perfect, including the service.
5	I've been to the Beverly Hills, Chicago and Las Vegas Lawry's and I love them all. I am a midwestern girl so I love a gigantic, melt-in-your-mouth piece of prime rib. They have a sophisticated supper club feel but you can show up in shorts or jeans and not feel out of place. The service is beyond excellent. The cost is worth the experience and the quality of food is off the charts.
1	We had dinner in the bar.  The bartender was great but the food was horrible.  The salad was soggy and old.  The salmon was not fresh and topped with some kind of butter that likely was mixed with their branded dry seasonings.  The potatoes were not cooked all the way through.  My husband's steak had little flavor.  The tea water was warm and tasted of coffee.  A definite waste of $200.   We brought the left overs home for the dogs and then threw them in the garbage in the end.   Assume we aren't the only ones who have this opinion since for a Friday night the place was empty.
2	Wow, did I really go to the same place as all the other Yelpers?!  I feel it my civic duty to add my 2 cents. As a disclaimer, my husband and I enjoy a good prime rib.  We used to live in the Bay Area and frequented HOPR in SF.  Our options are limited in SD and thus we arrived at Lawry's Vegas looking forward to a nice piece of meat!The service was just eh for the price you're paying.  Our waitress at one point came over and excused herself to "need to attend to something" before taking our order.  She then immediately went to the table across from us and chatted up the couple and their child, who sat down 10 minutes after us, for a good 15-20 minutes!!   She obviously knew them and was in no hurry to tend to us.  The one star she gets was the fact they noted it was my husbands birthday and thus brought out a comp dessert.  The food was rather mediocre as well.  The salad was rather bland and non-descript.  As per usual Lawry's style, the prime rib is served straight from the carving cart at your table.  The meat was actually a little cold - I guess that's what happens when the restaurant is more than half empty.  The flavor of the prime rib was also quite lacking.    My cut was especially tough (despite being "medium rare") - you know when you chew a piece of bad meat and just have to chew and chew and chew until your jaw is sore and then finally you can swallow?  So incredibly disappointing.  On top of that paying Vegas prices for sub par food.  Do yourself a favor and PASS on this chain establishment in Vegas.
5	Whenever we visit Lawry's, they never disappoint. Everything from start to finish was great! They are always our go-to place for celebrating something special.
5	This is how a restaurant should be run. We had an amazing experience. Everyone was friendly and welcoming. When we sat down our waitress was Ms. Yost who we could tell was a little new but she spoke with confidence and seemed to enjoy her job because she smiled with every word. We ordered the Lawry cut which was an amazing piece of prime rib. Along with that we had creamed spinach, mashed potatoes (Which I'm glad they didn't try to reinvent), and creamed corn which was given to us complimentary after a slight mix-up with what we ordered. I usually don't order dessert but we did and were pleasantly with the bread pudding which was served with Vanilla ice cream while swimming in just enough butterscotch topping. We spoke with the manager of the restaurant and could tell why her employees seemed happy. She was down to Earth and seemed extremely proud of her restaurant which she should be. She mentioned a code of ethics that the restaurant lives by which I took a picture of. Amazing restaurant.  I wish Yelp allowed me to give 10 stars.
2	Is this what it's like to be born with a silver spoon in your mouth? I would hate for anyone to be born with a silver spoon in their mouths cuz that sucks!  Everything just isn't as good or enjoyable once you've had the ultimate undeniable best... While everyone here is giving Lawry's "THE PRIME RIB" 4 n 5 stars I'm here baffled.  Perhaps HOPR (House of Prime Rib) in SF was my silver spoon this entire time... Consistently serving juicy tender cuts of premium well aged prime rib with sides that make anything at Lawry's, well, unworthy of such an upper class palate that belongs to the family of HOPR.Their service feels old here... as in outdated.  Whereas HOPR is classic and retains class.  At Lawry's, the female servers look like they jumped right out of our old history textbooks dressed like women from days of the 13 colonies looking like the pilgrim women or even nurses from the 60's.  Do you need a flu shot?  They probably have some in their apron as an add option to your meal.  Service was friendly but rather inefficient.  It's hard to explain.  You just have to try both Lawry's and HOPR to understand.When I hear "Lawry's THE PRIME RIB", I'm literally thinking OMG we need to bow down... it's Lawry's THE PRIME RIB god.  Calling yourself "THE" Prime Rib kind of gives the sense that there was no one before you, no one after you, and no one will ever even come close to you.  But then again, the loudest one is usually the weakest one, and this was surely the case here.My prime rib was ordered medium rare.  My cousin to my right and my best friend to my left also ordered the same.  It came out more like medium maybe medium well.  What didn't help was that they gave us butter knives to cut into this steak.  Oh wait... I think that was subliminally suppose to tell us that you can cut into this beef like butter.  Good one guys... almost fell for it there, but I'm from the family tree of HOPR... can't fool me that easily.  There must be something wrong with the aging process of the prime rib here because it was tough and fibrous to the chew.  I thought maybe if I ate the outer parts of the rib cut where the fats and tendon are then it'd be more tender but no it was rather dry.  My friend and I went straight to the bone and even that was on the medium side.  Medium wouldn't be that bad if the beef was aged better for a tastier and softer bite, but that not the case.  I took a couple of bites and left the rest of it there but I ate the mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and creamed corn to help soak up the alcohol for the later part of the night.  With about 3/4 of the steak still sitting on my plate, the bussers and server never asked why I barely touched it as they took it away.  I didn't want to say anything either to be respectful because Lawry's was the bachelor's favorite prime rib spot to grub at.  One thing is for sure though... my cousin, my best friend, and I are taking him to our silver spoon, HOPR, next week to show him what a great well aged prime rib is supposed to be like.  We'll even throw in an actual steak knife and let him use the butter knife to spread his butter.  It wouldn't even take the steak for the bachelor to change his allegiance to HOPR... Just the warm soft fluffy bread to start would be enough.If Harry Chapin got to eat at HOPR and Lawry's while he was editing his lyrics, us 70's and 80's babies would probably know the song to go like:And the cat's in the cradle and HOPR too.Little boy blue and the man on the moon.When you coming home dad? I don't know when.We'll go to House of Prime Rib then, son...You know we'll have a good rib then.
5	Solid 5 star experience every time we go. We go about every other month. We are part of their VIP plan. It is a wonderful program that I absolutely recommend. It was $25 at the time we signed up and they send you a $25 certificate to come back. You get points for the money you spend and get gift certificates when you spend a certain amount. They also send you gifts for your birthday and anniversary.The experience from the time we walk in is top notch. The hostesses are great, they remember us even if it has been three months since we've been there.We always have a pre-dinner cocktail or two at the bar with Bruce. He is a great bar tender, very friendly, and very easy on the eyes ladies...(and gentlemen)! Their chips are yummy.Dinner - we always request the same server (Jesus). They always try their best to seat us with him, we love catching up with him. If we can't sit in his section we still have a great experience. Prime Rib, Yorkshire pudding, the spinning salad, mashed potatoes...YUM. Everything is included with your Prime Rib and there is no need to get additional sides or appetizers. That said, we've had all the sides and a few of the appetizers and they are all great. We always finish with the glorious Sticky Toffee Pudding. I drool just thinking about it. It was better before the new chef took over a year or so ago but it is still super yummy. They used to serve it with Praline ice cream and a heavy whipping cream whipped cream almost buttercream like. Now it's just vanilla ice cream and a lite whipped cream.It's always fun going when the carolers are there. It gives you the Christmas holiday warm and fuzzies. I recommend going in small groups 2-4, 6 tops. Now they do a great job with groups. In my opinion it's just a better experience in smaller groups. They cut your prime rib and the table so it's nice when you can all eat at the same time.
5	We went here on a Friday at 6:30pm which was perfect because it was not very busy yet.  The dining room felt glamorous  and intimate. Our hostess Mrs. Fraley was an absolute  doll and took very good care of us. The whole donning experience was more interactive than a typical steakhouse which I loved.  The carver brought the prime  rib cart to our table and we watched as he played our meal. Im sure everything on their menu is delicious... but order the prime rib! You will not be disappointed.  The spinnung salad was a perfect started to our meal! Bu the BEST part about dinner was that the food was seasoned beautifully. We ordered the mushrooms and asparagus for sides which were full of flavor! I opted for the California cut of prime rib which was perfect portion for me! I was totally  full but did not feel uncomfortable full. My boyfriend choose the Lawrys cut and felt like a king.  There was not a single lump in our mashed potatoes and the gravy... ahhh the gravy.  Delectable. Our carver even came back to check on us! We went to celebrate my boyfriend's  birthday and I'm pretty  sure I got the Best-Girlfriend-Ever-Award for surprising him with this amazing meal. He even got a free apple cake for this birthday.  Our total check was $135.13 which included two prime rib dinners, the extra 2 veggie sides, 1 beer, and 1 cocktail. If you ask me this meal was priceless. Probably one of the top 3 meals I've ever had.
5	Our first time at Lawry's The Prime Rib.If you've never been here's a secret: Get off the strip and go for lunch! You'll get an abridged version of the dinner experience for a fraction of the price.Three of us decided that this would be better than a lunch buffet and we were looking forward to trying here after we'd been to Gallagher's for dinner on Sunday night.First: The dress code does not apply during the lunch service but it is "upscale" so at least aim to wear a clean t-shirt. I wore a tank top and really felt severely underdressed for the lunch service. My Bad.Second: Skip a salad and go for an appetizer. We ordered the fresh heirloom tomato and Mozzarella. It came drizzled with olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette. The Mozzarella was fresh and salty contrasting greatly with the sweet of the tomato and the balsamic. It was perfect to split between the three of us.Third: Instead of the cart coming to you, you go to the cart! You approach the carver and inform him of what you would like.We all ordered the luncheon cut (for smaller appetites). The creamed spinach was great and so was the creamed the corn-- It was all perfect. A few lumps in my mashed potatoes but I like mine lumpy so no complaints here. The gravy was smooth and tasted great. The aus jus was served directly over the prime rib, no cups or saucers here. Plus you get a nice, light and crispy Yorkshire pudding as well instead of a dense yeasty roll.The prime rib itself was ordered medium-rare and everyone got a piece that was perfect. They give you butter knives because the prime rib is not tough and does truly almost cut like butter. You don't really need anything else to go with it. Just the juice and aus jus. I used only a small helping of the horseradish just for taste. They bring two kinds of horseradish. Spicy and Whipped. I wasn't a fan of the whipped as it wasn't spicy enough for me but the spicy was as perfect as it gets.Additionally we were celebrating an anniversary and a birthday and were surprised with a small bundt spice cake with apple marmalade, creme fraiche, and raspberry drizzle with a candle. Somehow the three of us plowed through these two delicious desserts. I absolutely thought the apple marmalade was to die for and along with the spice cake, this was a fine dessert.Definitely DO take the time to go off strip and go here!Take the Deuce or SDX and get off at the Caesars/Flamingo/Harrahs. Walk down to Flamingo street and head Eastbound. There will be a bus stop on the south side of the street, east of the pedestrian bridge. Hop on the 202 and then Get off at Flamingo & Koval or Flamingo & Tuscany and it's a short walk to Lawry's The Prime Rib.
5	Go for lunch! You still get to enjoy the tasty meats and the quality for a fraction of the cost. We enjoy the prime rib dip on onion roll. The potato salad and fresh salads on the bar (complimentary with your sandwich) are very good, fresh and worthy of a second trip for more.The service at Lawry's is unmatched which is saying a lot in the hospitality that Vegas offers. The dinner experience is always a must especially if you order the prime rib - be ready for a show :)
4	Definitely worth every bite... Yes I'm one of those annoying reviewers that has frequented House of Prime rib so it's hard not to compare.  I like that Lawrys actually offers other options like steaks and lobster.  The salad is great, the bread basket with whipped butter is too.  We started with a shrimp cocktail, large meaty prawns in a nice spicy cocktail sauce.  We both went with prime rib too, I really enjoyed the thin cut, juicy and flavorful.  The creamed corn was much better than the creamed spinach ( HOPR is better).  Portions are huge, we could not finish.  We also tried the sticky toffee pudding but that was lackluster, not sticky or much toffee flavor.  This restaurant has many unique qualities, the waitress outfits for one and the old school decor.  If in the mood for a yummy piece of meat give this place a whirl you won't be disappointed.  Free valet parking too.
5	SOOOOOOOOO  consistently great!  From super courteous, friendly, timely service to the hot fresh sourdough bread.... Spinning salad is always very good, although probably could go a touch lighter on the dressing.   Cutting to the chase... the mashed potatoes that come standard are excellent... fresh/smooth/tasty beef gravy.  But really, u GOTTA get the creamed corn.  Would recommend ordering that in a side dish as it's a larger portion which also makes it easier to share with one other.  Plus, the au jus won't run into it so much as it does on the plate.  We also shared a baked potato as it was excellent.  But what good is anything if the prime rib isn't 5 star.  Have prime rib everywhere, including the HOP'er (House of Prime Rib in SF), and you just can ever go wrong here.  So consistently flavorful and tender from the outside of the roast on in.  I hate it when the only flavor is on the outer crust and the inside is just so bland.  Also, very helpful that the au jus is so flavorful as well but really, the beef is where it should be.  The Lawry's cut is seemingly plenty even for a big eater, but if you are super hungry, then go for the biggest cut.  For ladies, the California cut is also a very satisfying amount, especially with the appropriate sides.  Didn't have time for dessert, but i tell you what... Consistently awesome.  We were in/out in 60 minutes, which isn't for every occasion.  But if running off to a show/quick date night with sitter at home, it's great.  So, it's not exactly a slooooooow, course out and take 2 hours super special event meal.  Always a win!  How awesome is that in Vegas right?
4	Surprisingly, I have always heard about Lawry's, but never got a chance to eat here.I was lucky enough to attend a birthday celebration in Lawry's Prime Rib in Las Vegas. Our friend was able to book the private room and we had a selected menu. The menu consisted of salmon dish, chicken dish, and of course, PRIME RIB! All of us went for the prime rib special.We started off with some drinks. I had the Moscow Mule, which did not come in the classic copper mug. It also had too much ice, which diluted the drink. Oh and one of my dining mates went to steal some potato chips from the bar, which were amazing! Our server noticed us going back and forth and just brought us a bowl!We then started off with a salad, which is pretty standard and good. Then the main course prime rib! Got the medium rare and it was like butter melting in my mouth. The horseradish was wonderful spicy addition to prime rib. For sides, I got the creamed spinach and my boyfriend got creamed corn. The spinach was good, but the cream corn was WAAAAAY BETTER! I still have creamed corn dreams.Overall, Lawry's has captured my interest and waiting to go back for my creamed corn and the melt-in-your-mouth prime rib.
4	Lawry's is old vegas. When you step inside it's a little of a time warp, old school meets Golden Girls decor. I came here with a large group (25 people) and the 3 servers who took care of us were amazing. They explained how to order and ho everything worked and we were left to figure everything out. I enjoyed the salad, pretty basic but crisp and fresh; so good I could have eaten it all night. I opted for the basic California cut. I'm not a meat lover but the cut was AMAZING. Tender, melted in my mouth and I could have eaten more. I also opted for the creamed spinach which was ok. Overall, Lawry's was a great atmosphere. There were lots of elder patrons and foreign tourists which defiantly was the vibe of Lawry's. Good food and great service, it's hard to complain.
3	From the moment you walk in you feel like you're in a different era. It's very well decorated and dimly lighted. There is a sign when you approach the driveway that says "appropriate dinner wear required". Basically, anything but a bathing suit is appropriate per their valet person. We were seated on time and the service was above excellent. From the moment we were seated until the moment we left, we were treated like royalty.The calamari appetizer was tasty. Nothing spectacular. The mayonnaise based dipping sauce and tomato based sauce was just OK. I got the California cut prime rib and my husband got the Lawry's cut prime rib. They were excellent, tender, and juicy. The mashed potatoes, gravy, and creamed corn was also delicious!  We also had a side of creamed spinach which had a little bitterness to it. I think it was from the onions. Overall it was a very tasty dinner but very overpriced. You're really paying for the service which was superb. For the three of us our bill was at $240 not including tip. Wow! We probably won't eat there again because of the cost. In Vegas, you can get prime rib almost anywhere for much less. It was great to try and we have no regrets.
4	Fancy a fancy night out? This may be the place to go. I remember a little bit about coming here as a kid. It was a time i had to wear those shoes with the fluffy socks. Now as an adult I was were socks with polka dots but you could see them under my boot. This is a fancy place, we talking jackets and dress. The also have a small valet outside if you're feeling like a VIP. We however self parked and walked through the revolving door. We checked in with the hostess and maybe waited 5 minutes. While be walked to the table they were being really courteous. Asking us questions like if we lived here and if we were celebrating anything. Of course we were just here to stuff our face. :) We sat down and already had an idea of what we were ordering. We went with the Diamond Jim Brady Cut. It's an extra thick portion. Me and my friend decided to split everything. They started with the salad. This was so fun to watch. It's a spinning bowl and they pour the dressing in and mix. After finishing the salad they brought the prime rib station over. They cut our piece and gave us an extra plate. They asked us how we wanted it cooked and we said medium well and we kinda got medium. We just ate it anyways, not a huge deal. The prime rib came with mashed potatoes and Yorkshire Pudding. The pudding is like bread and by itself is good but dipping in the juice and potatoes with some seasoning was very tasty. My favorite part of the whole entire meal was the seasoning pepper. I have a slight addiction to pepper and I was not disappointed with this all over my salad and even a little on my prime rib. We also order a side of scalloped potatoes and asparagus. The asparagus weren't cooked enough for me, but the scalloped potatoes were a mouthwatering side. With our dinners we had a ginger ale and a glass of wine. We order a mocato and it was the best I've had. We asked for the name again and the server wrote it down for us. She was so sweet. She explained everything to us and gave us the rundown on the menu too. We ended our meal with creme brulee. It was topped with fruit and probably the only good picture I took. The hard caramel was left for last to enjoy and savor..  We left full and were really happy with our choice to dine for the evening.
5	Service was outstanding! Prime rib, Excellent. Steak was delicious. Not cheap, but if you want a really great dining experience this is the place to go!
5	You are sure to always have a great meal here. Every now and then I stray from the prime rib, and I am never disappointed. The mahi mahi is outstanding! Thanksgiving is always a treat here as well!
4	food is great.  service is very attentive.  why do they make the female servers dress like that?  ridiculous.  it detracted from my overall experience.
5	We've wanted to try this place forever.  Should have gone much sooner.  We had a great time entertaining son friends from Staten Island.  Food and service wad top tier.  Going back.  Highly reccomend!
2	The two star here is all for food. Me and my husband went for dinner last night. Not our first time. We go there often for some good prime rib, classy service and quite time. However, we had a horrible experience this time. Real BAD SERVICE!! Our server was Adam. He introduced himself as Adam, although his name tag had Amir written on it. He was completely untrained or new or just didn't want to be there. We could tell because we've been there so many times before. It was just all wrong from start to finish. He didn't know his beers. Forgot to bring his spatulas for the spinning salad bowl. It was actually funny,, he spun the bowl, realized he had forgotten his equipments and excused himself to get them leaving the bowl spinning. Funny. We figured, it happens, no big deal. But it started getting to me when he didn't even bother to check up on us. Not once. We had to get someone else to get us some more ojus ( beef broth). Now, my husband and I both being from the hospitality industry, we understand sometimes it's just tough to get to the table when you're slammed and busy. THIS DUDE HAD ONE TABLE HE WAS WAITING ON. US! It was a slow tuesday night for heaven's sake. He walked pass us like at least 3 times yet never once check up if everything was okay and if we needed something. He totally didn't mention anything about the horseradish sauces which we noticed sitting in the corner after we had stopped eating. I wish he had  as I absolutely would have loved some.  He finally showed up after we were done and had stopped eating. He offered dessert, we said no. And then he just started clearing my plate. HELLO? WE GOT BIG CHUNKS OF PRIME RIB LEFT ON OUR PLATE? MAYBE WE WANT TO BRING IT HOME? I had to stop him and ask him to wrap them go. Like I said,, worst service ever. It seemed like he just didn't want to be there or he was new and nervous! I don't know! But it was bad!! Definitely not Lawry's standard. And it was our anniversary !!! I wanted to talk to the manager just so they know what's going on but We didn't want to ruin his night. He had already ruined ours!!! But then again i figured Lawry's need to know this so i decided to yelp. THANK GOD THE FOOD WAS AMAZING AS ALWAYS!!!
2	We love prime rib, so we thought , hey, why not partake when we were in Vegas.  We arrived on-time for our reservation, and were apologetically told that they were running 10 minutes late.  No problem with us.  However after 25 minutes, we checked back and were immediately seated. And there we sat at our table, another 25 minutes, until a manager walked by and inquired as to why we were not eating our warm sourdough bread.  We explained, no waitress, no food, no nothing.  The manager kindly found us bread, opened our bottle of wine, and probably goosed our waitress to get in action.  Once we had the attention of the waitress, she was pleasant and helpful.Let's talk about the food.  Prime rib, not great, we've had way better.  The au jus tasted like it was made from a dried powder mix.  In general, everything we ate tasted like it was made from low quality ingredients.We won't be going back.  Diners, beware!!
5	As always, never a disappointment.  Great food and great service. First time there with our kids and the staff was awesome with them.
4	I went in knowing what to expect.  Classic menu, a little old-fashioned in every way.  The bruschetta was decent, so were the sides.  We got asparagus and mashed potatoes.  We all got prime rib, which was yummy.  3.5 stars, so I'm rounding up.
4	Omg so good.  Traditional cut for me, with horseradish mashed potato and cream of corn.  All pretty darn fab.I have no idea why we bothered to get the calamari, but we did.  Just save your room for that good ol' prime rib.  I really tried to eat all of mines, but being that I had to share my belly space (I was pregnant at the time), I could not...By the way, having prime rib for leftovers, not as glorious as when it's sliced fresh, but still so full of flavor.Your dish will be accompanied with a not so fancy spinning salad, it was just fancy presentation. We did Finish off with a cup of espresso and split three ways of there recommended coconut banana creme pie.  Yup not enough space in any of our combined 3 bellies because we couldn't even finish the pie.  We maxed out our capacity with that prime rib. Lol!Oh don't worry about that must wear fancy clothes sign, they just don't want you wearing a hat or coming in your swim wear.
5	Such an architectural find!!! Totally Art Deco down to the female servers uniforms~ almost like watching the movie "Mildred Pearce" with Joan Crawford~    Aside from the beautiful restaurant the food  & service was right on point! Our server Mr. Goyal. Outstanding! THOROUGH!Pleasant need I say more~   We used a Travel Zoo offer and thank goodness, cuz we will be back~ this is a rare find a few blocks off the strip.
2	Had Thanksgiving dinner there with nine friends.  Have to say,  we were very disappointed.   Half the table had traditional turkey dinner,  the other half had the prime rib.   The portions were very small.  We ordered family style spinach and corn for the table,   They brought us two of each.   There was enough for one spoonful for each person.   They charged us for 4 family servings, which makes me think they might have intended to bring 4...but never did.  There was not enough bread for the entire table and the Yorkshire puddingwas cut clumsily to serve 9 very small pieces.   No au juice was offered or served.  One of my guests asked for medium rare and was served medium well. This has been a family favorite for special occasions in the past,  but will be eliminated for future holiday get togethers.  Sorry Lawyrys,  this visit was a prime disappointment. William Ladner
4	After living in Vegas for over 8 years (including living next door), I finally decided to try Lawry's.  It had been over three decades since I was at one (in LA) and I distinctively remembered the very comfortable atmosphere, the carts and carvers, the great service and the overall pleasant (and more upscale - white tableclothes) ambiance of the place.Some traditions don't die, and it was nice to see Lawry's maintain its brand it has had for these past decades.   I do like that it was easy to have a conversation at our table at a normal level without tons of ambient noise from other tables and from music.Briefly, service was excellent - very experienced, efficient and polished wait staff and assistants, comfortable seating (not all jammed in there, despite the busy-ness of the place), those large polished carts, and a cordial hostess and greeter.As to the food:  I wasn't really impressed at all by the spinning salad - unique presentation, but dressing tasted like a mix between water-down french and thousand island, the fresh bread was tasty but would have been better with real butter instead of whipped, the creamed spinach was definitely a pass (dried out, small portion and only moderately tasty), the yorkshire pudding was ......., well don't have a reference point for that but wasn't terribly memorable but a nice touch.  Mashed potatoes and gravy were good (a bit on the salty side).  Lastly, the prime rib - traditional cut/end cut - was terrific!!!!  Probably the most tender prime rib (and for an end cut) I have tasted, and certainly that alone is worth going back.   Before we were served, I questioned why we all didn't receive sharper steak knives - I now understand that sharp knives are necessary for what we had ordered.   Our group didn't try any other meat dish, so no comment on those.All in all, definitely a repeat place for Prime Rib.  Low expectations for all the other stuff, but the PR shines head and shoulders above all.
4	For me, this was a trippy dining experience.  Obviously, I don't do fine dining much at all.  We showed up before 5:00 p.m. for our reservation.  Since dinner service starts at 5:00 p.m., you have to wait to be seated.  Conveniently, there's a cozy bar adjacent to the lobby to grab a coctail while you wait.  When dinner service began, the waitresses (all dressed in old school English maid outfits with small white hat pieces) lined up to escort diners to their tables.  Our waitress identified herself as Mrs. Morrison (formerly of Orange County, CA).  Mrs. Morrison was polished and certainly knew how to make you feel at ease with your dining experience.  We had prime rib, which comes out in a cool silver rolling carver's capsule.  You pick your cut of meat and the carver (wearing an impressive gold hubcap sized hip hop medallion around his neck) slices your meat to order.  We got the standard Lawry's cut of meat, which is a decent size.  It comes with mashed potatoes, Yorkshire pudding (from the mother county) and the spinning salad.  We added cream corn and spinach for about $7 each (clearly, these side orders are money makers).  The meal was good.  The meat was perfect.  For me, the mashed potatoes were a little too broken down and soggy.  I expect they were heavily infused with butter. Overall, it was a great dining experience.  I'd easily go back.  It seems the lure of Lawry's Prime Rib is as much about the dining experience as the food.
5	Had the Lawry's cut with spinach, mashed potatoes, lobster tail, and wine on the side. It was delicious! Heard that the LA location was better but this place did not disappoint at all. Would definitely like to come back again in the future.
5	This is fine dining at its best.  Its old school, where your server is called Mr. or Miss (last name), and when you are seated at the booth, they literally pull out the booth so you don't have to slide in... that's classy!The server greets you with a smile, and  starts you off with warm sourdough bread, then prepares the famous "spinning bowl" salad tableside.  You are given a cold fork to eat your salad.  The famous prime rib is carved right at your table, and you get precisely the type of wellness you want in your meat.  All meals comes with the salad, and the meat comes with whipped potatoes, Yorkshire pudding, and horseradish sauces (creamed and grated).  Side vegetables are extra, but so yummy!We took advantage of the Travelzoo offer which was- Salad- California cut of prime rib (6 oz) plus a petite lobster tail (2 oz)- Dessert- Coffee or teafor $49 a person, but we added a side of creamed corn each, so the bill came to $240 with tax/ tip.The best parf of this visit was the Christmas Carolers were going from table to table singing carols.  The carolers sang 2 German Christmas tunes, and 1 caroler sat down next to Stephen's mom and they sang a mini duet.Lawry's isn't cheap, but its not meant to me. You pay for the experience of being served.  From the time you sit down, you don't have to move except to eat.
4	Not a huge prime rib fan but boy do I LOVE Lawrys! The service was amazing, the food was spectacular, best prime rib I have ever eaten. Even the bread they give you is great dipped in the prime rib sauce! Definitely worth it!
5	Now I never really write yelp reviews and only really have the app to read the reviews but I HAD to add my input about this place . We had Mrs.Taylor and her nickname was Brooke... She was AMAZING and unforgettable . We had a 10 year old and a 6 year old and she couldn't be more accommodating! They don't really have kids menus but she said she could do a "kid style" cut which was PERFECT for our 10 year old. We requested just a side of the orzo for the 6 year old and of course she made it happen. She always asked if the 6 year old had enough. Of course she was attentive and amazing to everyone else at the table as well. Whenever we come back to Vegas I would want to come back just for her . The food was great too as expected but her service made the dinner!
5	Lawrys is a must visit when I'm in Vegas and want some good prime rib. If you haven't been there, the staff wears costume pieces from back in the day and will literally roll the prime rib up to your table, and cut the slice you want along with corned cream and bread pudding right in front of you. I always order either their California cut which is a smallest cut, or their English Cut which is 3 thinner slices. Their special beet/egg salad with house made dressing is something I always try to replicate at home but can never. They spin the salad and serve it right at your table. Around this time of year, they have carolers going from table to table to sing your favorite Christmas songs. It's such a wonderful experience coming to Lawrys every time.
4	The prime rib was really good! If you like medium rare I would suggest to order rare. The cream spinach & corn is delicious! We ordered two lobster tails & were disappointed.. The lobster tails were small & seemed over cooked. The shrimp cocktail was really good & the shrimps were big.
5	We had one of the nicest dinners of all times here.  The menu is not extensive but it doesn't need to be as the food is fabulous.  The spinner salad to start was really great.  The prime rib and rib steak were great.  The servers were attentive.  The environment is very old school but it was fun.  Highly recommend.
4	We have eaten here several times, the latest was earlier this month for a birthday party.  We love the prime rib and Yorkshire pudding but I have two comments.  The salad was so overdressed, I couldn't eat it.  And I think we should get more Yorkshire pudding, which is my favorite.  Other than that, the service is always good, we enjoyed the carolers and we had our usual good time there.
5	It's been our tradition for past three years to visit this place around Christmas. We enjoy the food and the carolers here are absolutely wonderful. I had prime rib California cut rare with wild mushroom and my wife ordered Beef Wellington with creamy spinach. We both enjoyed our meal and the company of the carolers. Looking forward to our next visit.
5	We went to Lawry's on the advice of the concierge at Tuscany, where we were staying. The dinner was fantastic, and server Rhonda was amazing in recommendations. I will be telling all of my friends about this place. Kudos to all...
5	The ambiance of this place is great. The food was amazing. The prime rib really melts in your mouth. My favorite part from my experience at Lawry's besides eating the meat from heaven itself, was when the chef sliced the prime rib right at our table. Also, our server, Freddy, was super friendly and amazing. If you see this Freddy, you were awesome man.
5	I took my girlfriend here for Thanksgiving. 2014. We both love prime rib and had never been here . It was a great experience ! From the service to the food. Only thing we didn't care for is the spinning salad. It has a 1,000 island base and we are Roquefort fans. But the prime rib and turkey were off the hook ! Great restaurant experience
3	Went here with friends in November.  The main reason for the three stars is the staff.  We had Ms. O'Reilly for a waitress and she was as professional and knowledgeable as she was beautiful and charming.  We all agreed, especially me, if we returned we would want her as our server again.The lack of stars comes from a pet peeve of mine.  It is the lack of enforcement of any sort of dress codes in Vegas fine dining establishments.  Lawry's puts great emphasis that hats are not allowed in the dining room, but yet people are dressed in jeans and t-shirts.  Maybe I am a little old school, but I believe that there is a certain level dress that should be expected and enforced at some establishments.
2	From the reviews, this restaurant should have an outstanding service. But sadly, that's not what I feel today. My customers ordered a medium rare prime rib, it came very rare.We waited for the food for quite a long time. When we need our waitress, we could not find her. They just took away the dishes, not evening ask if we are done with the food.Food is ok, but I don't think I will spend that much for the prime rib with the poor service again.
5	First review posted from 30K feet.Outstanding food and service. I've been to Lawry's in the past, but this is the first time I got the ribeye instead in the prime rib (pretty much the same thing just cooked differently). I got the 24 oz. bone-in. OMG. In the top three steaks I've ever eaten. Will return.
1	Mediocre!!!!!!!!! My husband and I decided to have dinner off the strip and chose this place. I wanted to try this place out for myself since I love House of Prime Rib in San Francisco. Maybe the name "Lawry" would step up the entire meal due to its namesake. We had told the waiter it was our first time dining there. We didn't get an explanation of the menu unlike House of Prime Rib. I understand the majority of the menu is self-explanatory but it would be nice to feel comfortable and welcomed at an establishment we are spending a good amount for dinner. We placed our order and he basically gave us a look and told us he didn't take orders for the prime rib that we had to wait for the Chef to come around to order from him. We would've known that if he had explained the menu in the beginning. He only took drink orders and side orders. I can say that it was a complete disappointment. I was very saddened that I didn't enjoy the prime rib at all. It was tough and very chewy. It was not seasoned well. When we received it, it was lukewarm at best. The plate was by far warmer than the prime rib itself. The au jus was simply okay. Nothing special at all. Poorly prepared! I will stick to House of Prime Rib in San Francisco from this point forth. I had ordered a lobster tail. Please I ask of you... PASS ON THE LOBSTER TAIL(if you still plan on checking this place out after reading my review). It was so rubbery and overcooked. Trying to cut a piece off was difficult enough. Just imagine chewing a piece??? It was like chewing on a rubber band. Btw... They'll ask you if you'd like creamed spinach or corn along with the prime rib and mashed potatoes and not tell you that side order is an additional $7. I don't mind paying but I'd like to know its additional. I could've passed on it since it was simply forgettable.This place was a FAIL in every aspect.
