5	With frozen yogurt a five minute drive in any direction, we definitely needed one in walking distance.  Channeling our favorite yogurt stop that had died a year ago, Yoppi Frozen Yogurt opened two days ago and maintains many Japanese accoutrements like Swirl . . . oh, poor Swirl.  Why the health code violations?  I digress.  Yoppi Frozen Yogurt offers many types of mochi, lots of molded plastic, smiling Yoppi girls, a sun glassed dude, smiling stars, and some kind of lychee yogurt popper that must have a really cool Japanese name, but I don't know what it is.  I love tart flavors and they have a record four, and you get to vote on a new flavor.  So I'm looking forward to five tart flavors with the addition of passion fruit tart.  The pomegranate tart was my favorite this time, and there was a lot of fruit including blue berries, finely chopped strawberries, mango, and maraschino cherries.  The staff was very friendly and let us try the yogurt and the toppings.  My daughter enjoyed trying lots of toppings.  Although this was our first visit, I think that we might be regulars.
4	Sugar free Strawberry banana with a dapple of classic chocolate mix =....um yum!  Red velvet cake batter yogurt aint so bad either;)
3	I love the decor here! Its so adorable!Of course this place is no yogurtland but the selection was nice. Didn't have original which is my favorite but they did have pineapple tart and pomegranate tart (which I end up choosing). I don't go for chocolate or vanilla most of the time because I rather have the real deal ice cream so when I visit a fro-yo shop, I go for the tart flavors [: It didn't disappoint. Its awesome that they have out sample cups so you can just get your own sample and sample any of the flavors you like. I like how they don't hoover over you and just let you do your own thing.Topping selection wasn't bad. I was surprised they had popping lychee boba. I was instantly swoon. Only bad thing is they lack in their fresh fruit department. I love topping my tarty froyo with fresh fruit but the strawberries didnt look so fresh and they actually didnt have much options. ]:I would definitely come back if I'm in the area because this place is just so adorable.
3	As far as the west side of town goes, this place is pretty good.  Clean, sample cups up front, wide open location with different types of seating (tables, couch, etc).A few complaints though...one thing that always gets to me right away is when my yogurt comes out soupy.  All it would take is for the employees to go through all the flavors and pump a little out every half hour or so to keep things fresh.  Everything tasted pretty good though, despite the occassional soupiness.The other complaint is that health aspects aren't listed for each flavor.  There is a chart on the wall, but I've been to enough yogurt bars to know that just because the basic flavors (vanilla, chocolate, plain tart) are nonfat it doesn't mean that ALL the flavors are.  It would be nice to know this information for the rest of the flavors as well.I love that they have carob chips as a topping, but I found it a little gross that the spoons people use to scoop toppings are put completely into the topping jars, thus germs on the spoon handles are touching toppings.Another plus is that they offer punch cards!  I've only seen a couple of places implement this kind of thing and it's great!Overall, I'll probably return as it's the closest yogurt bar to my house, they have punch cards, and assuming they have mostly nonfat flavors, this place is better than YogurtTime and worlds above AZYoCo.
4	My daughter ate vanilla and chocolate yogurt with sprinkles of m&m, cherry. Yummy is what she said.
