2	Okay, so hard to believe I am the FTR of this Garcia's location since it has been here for eon's (and looks like it) and is still one of the staple restaurants around the Metro Center area that hasn't closed down or changed. The food is the same as it has been for the last 15+ years. Decent, not great and sadly, the shredded beef in the taco I had tasted like it was boiled without any flavors or seasoning. For those of you reading this review who have never been to Phoenix (Arizona at all in fact) you may not be aware of the greasy deliciousness called a cheese crisp. This is seriously where it is at pretty much all over the Valley. Garcia's does make a fine cheese crisp and for that, I am still grateful and willing to go. The one good thing I can say is the restaurant still seems to have a hopping bar area with live music a few nights a week. Good for the happy hour crowd, but since I was there with my mom and a cousin for lunch, it didn't do anything for me knowing this. Word of warning to ladies who need to potty while in the restaurant area...The bathroom is as old as the rest of the place. One toilet so if you drink a lot, be prepared to wait your turn.
3	Lived near this place for seven years and was looking to locate a nearer Mexican restaurant to my house than taking  a drive to Manuels.  Saying Mexican food in the UK means pretty much one kind of cuisine and a fixed range of flavors, here we at least have attempts at many variations and regions ( though mostly from the USA it seems) and this is what I would consider to be the default  for  the type.  Nothing too spicy,sadly, and not much more than choosing your arrangement of beans, flour ,meat and cheese in slightly differing patterns. I rather like the red chili they have and wouldn't mind it isolated from it's floury strait-jacket the next time I go here. All fresh, all hot, all tasty  if you are in the mode for Mexican a la USA without needing to shoot yourself for going into "On the Border" Service really good on the Sunday AM  (kids eat free)  food is generic to a fault and if they were to the cheaper side of the street it would be 3.5 and pushing it close to 4  but  this may as well be  Macao's or a Manuel's for all the difference it makes.
4	Yes, it's a chain mexican restaurant & having so many choices in the Valley, I should be ashamed to go here, but I've been eating here for YEARS.  The service is generally very good, servers are friendly and quick, and the food is consistently good.I love their salsa and bean dip they bring out with chips.  A little bit of bean dip + a lot of salsa = a happy mouth.
2	Went looking for Mexican cuisine that was within walking distance of my hotel, happened upon Garcia's. Dropped in with a group of seven and it took nearly 10 minutes for our server to greet us and take drink orders. The drinks were then brought out in shifts with the final drink appearing 5 minutes after the first one arrived. Salsa and chips were decent. I choose the shrimp tacos, which came in flour tortillas with a side of rice and beans. Tacos lacked flavor and were overwhelmed by a runny sour cream sauce. I ended up picking out the shrimp and shredding the drier areas of the tortilla to salvage my meal. The rice and beans were the highlight. Additionally, due to inattentive service, we twice had to request that our server come to our table. The restaurant itself seems a bit old and groups of people get easily held up in the skinny hallways. Overall, I'm not a fan of Garcia's.
4	Pollo Fundido. Pollo Fundido. Pollo Fundido. Pollo Fundido.Whether you haven't been at all or you haven't partaken in this dish, you must visit as soon as possible and order this right away. The chips and salsa are fantastic but don't overdo them, you'll need to ensure you have room for the main course.Go there. Try it. Nothing more need be said, you will completely understand.
4	Good happy hour! $2.00 cover get's you a buffet and like music that is actually good. for some reason though the sound system kept cutting out. I guess the forgot to pay the electric bill.
4	Tortilla soup rocks, new street tacos are just like Mexico .. They have a great band on happy hour.. It's a 2 dollar cover but they're worth it. Its an older crowd tho. Beer is cold, service is great and the food is better than alot of the mom and pop Mexican restaurants in this area.. Surprising for a chain.. It's worth a trip!
4	Mmmm shredded beef tacos! The cheese crisp is good (or as you non-native Phoenicians call it "quesa dilla." Always good food. Usually good service. Not cheap, but one of the better mexican restaurants out there.
2	I will start this review with saying that The Garcia on 35th Avenue is the only one you should go to.... this location was a huge disappointment...the only reason I give it a 2 star is because the service was good...our server was really nice, we had the tortilla soup, salad, and a grande burrito, I think... Let me start with the burrito...aside of onions and the dried chicken and beef inside, there was nothing to this... I think I make 100% better mexican food than this people, and I'm from Panama--LOL... now the soup, yak... horrible and the salad, had a big peace of lettuce that looked like fungus was growing on it... my little one gagged... I almost complained, but what's the point, we are never going there again... better off going to and Humberto, Roberto, Filiberto...whatever you called those places... believe me you will never be this disappointed.
4	Had the build your own combo, with the shredded beef enchilada, the chile relleno, and a shredded beef taco.  It came with spanish rice and refied beans.  The food was good, taste was spot on for tex-mex which reminded me of Texas, and the service was quick, friendly and attentive.  Not the most exciting Mexican food I've had for sure, but for today, it was a good meal.
3	Not outstanding Mexican food, yet popular mainstream food.  There was nothing spectacular with the food, yet I was content with the burrito, rice, beans.  Chips are tasteless.  It is what I would expect from this type of restaurant. Unfortunately they don't seem to make things spicy, and this is a terrible disappointment.  If you want something better, 1/2 block north of Peoria on 35th Ave is La Parilla Suiza; the food is outstanding.  Would I go back?  Yes, yet only because it is simple comfort food, but because of the outstanding recipes that they follow.
4	Every since our favorite Mexican Restaurant ( La Rosa's ) closed many years ago we have been patronizing Garcia's ( 35th Ave & Peoria ) whenever we are in the mood for decent mexican food at a reasonable place, price and at a sit down restaurant.The prices are very affordable.  You can literally buy the three item combo with rice and beans for $11.99 and feed two people and with the unlimited chips, bean dip and salsa your stomach will be begging you to stop eating.Well since I am fat I like to buy the two item combo ( $10.99 ) with rice and beans.The soda's are always fresh.  The margaritas look very delicious but I am not sure of taste or quality or even the price because I usually just pop in for lunch but one of these days I will give it a try.I was at Garcia's last Saturday and they had a special of two cheese enchilada's with rice and beans for $6.99.  Are you kidding me ?  That's an amazing price.Service is always prompt.  They are happy to see you and serve you.In closing, I am not saying its the best mexican food in Phoenix but Garcia's offers the best service and price in town at least at this location.
4	Good food. Good prices
4	Haven't been to a Garcia's in some time so wasn't sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised.  This Garcia's is a fairly large place and the interior is very nice.  We were seated immediately and the waiter and salsa and chips were there quickly and our drink order taken.  The chips were very large and warm.  The salsa was mild but the bean dip that they also brought was much spicier (good first impression with large warm chips and bean dip along with salsa!).     I ordered a two item lunch with a sour cream chicken enchilada and a red chili colorado burrito.  I thought both were very good.  They were large and the plate had lots of refried beans and a scoop of rice (I am not much into rice so glad it didn't overwhelm the plate like in some places).  My wife had the cheese enchillada and tostado which she liked quite a bit as well.  The waiter was attentive with the drinks and extra salsa (and I did like the way they gave us both a serving of salsa rather than having to dip from one dish).       The only reason for not giving the place a 5 star is just the lack of alternative meats as in prevalent here in Phoenix such as adobada, machaca, barbacoa, carnitas, etc.  I know they have stores in California as well and that is all most restaurants there serve is the chicken, ground beef, and shredded beef.  Other than that though, we enjoyed it and will return.
1	The waitress couldn't even do her job. of food was horrible.. lets say we wont be back.
1	The waiter I had couldn't even crack smile or even come by my table. If he did come by it was once every 15 minutes. Food is always good here service sucks all the time. Also u may want to dust your big picture in your dinning area dust bunnies all over it.
4	Of the five local area Mexian resturants I frequent, Garcia's would be my favorite.  I usually have the MAGNIFICO SAMPLER, and always enjoy it.  The beans always taste fresh.  In some other plpaces, they often taste canned, but not here.  The food was just spicy enough.  I admit it, I am a whimp whenit comes to spicy food.  I do not like HOT stuff.  I prefer just a little tang with my meal.  And Garcia's always gets it right.
5	The Coco Motion Margarita is Sooooo GOOOOD!:D
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!Chocolate chimi for dessert...need I say more?Try anything, everything is awesome...EAT. HERE. NOW.
5	Trying the Ultimate Burrito w/ Green Sauce
2	So I went out to dinner with my neighbor and our kids. I was iffy about this place all together because I usually go to the original Garcia's on 35th ave in Encanto. Well, when we first got there, they sat us close to a whole bunch of people.. I'm sure that restaurant is bigger and they can spread us out a bit.. We gave him our order and what not and they brought the food back pretty fast. When I received my chimichanga enchilada style, they gave me like a teaspoon of sour cream and very little rice (which is my favorite :( ..) I'm used to restaurants giving a good heaping serving. Well not even halfway through my meal, I asked the man if he could give me a little more because they didn't give me much the first time. When I received my bill, he ended up charging me for more sour cream. I tried explaining to him that he gave me a tiny bit in the first place. He told me he needed to speak to his manager about it.. I'm like really dude, for some sour cream? Well he ended up taking 50 cents off the bill.. Seriously........50 cents? Would it really hurt the restaurant to give me more sour cream? This isn't a big issue because the food was okay.. The customer service just sucked and I won't be going back..
3	Not horrible not good ... Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but 0 for 5 on attempts.
3	Food was good.  Service was average.  Loved the bean dip they bring with the chips and salsa in the beginning.  The chimichanga with green sauce is my favorite.  The music from the bar is very loud and makes it difficult to enjoy your meal.  If you don't want to feel like your in a live concert then do not go to this restaurant after 6pm.
2	For "Girls Night Out" I chose Garcia's.  I called a week in advance to set up reservations for 10.  When the night came, there was no reserved table for us.  The food tasted OK but nothing to write home to mom about.  Service was mediocre and our waiter didn't understand a word we said.  Oh well.
5	This is hands down the BEST mexican food place in the USA you willLove it I promise you. Let's start with the chips and salsa always fresh and they also have beans that are stirred to perfection. The best drinks you have to try the margaritas they are mouth watering. The best array of dishes you will enjoy. I recommend the tamales they are so good.
3	An average Mexican restaurant all things considered. Food quality was not that great, service was pleasant, order takes too long too come even if its not a busy time. Valle Luna up the street on Bell seems like a better alternative and is in the same price range.
3	Good food, crap service. We were ignored and treated like our money didn't matter!  Once they saw a credit card they decided to smile. Haha, no thanks. I've been coming to this place for years and it's just been slowly going downhill.
3	Service was ok. Not very personable but ok. Love the chips, salsa and bean dip. Very prompt  service but I gotta say, the fish tacos are horrible. Everything else was delicious. Server didn't even notice I ate one bite and left the entire entree on the plate.
1	I haven't been to a Garcia's in at least 5 years.  I have nothing good to say about  the experience last night, except that the chips and salsas were good.  First, it was too hot inside.  I am not one of those ladies that gets too hot or too cold and complains all the time; it was ridiculously hot at our booth.  Second, the waiter told me that he didn't know why they listed some of the wines on the wine list because they don't have them.  There were 6 chardonnays to choose from and then he said they had none.  The beer I settled for arrived in a glass that was not chilled and it was not cold enough to enjoy so I left half of it.  The chicken on the plate was tough and dry but smothered in cream cheese sauce.  My date ordered a side salad which arrived with no dressing.  He wanted a salad instead of rice and beans, but the waiter didn't quite understand and brought out one dry salad before his meal- he had to ask for dressing.  Finally, the prices are just too high!  Each of our meals was $11.99 and each beer was $4.25 on a Friday night at 5:30 pm-- come on!  How about a happy hour special for the regular diners who don't want to be in the loud cantina crowd?  I felt that the meals were worth about $6.99 and maybe $2.50 for beers.  I will not go back :(
1	It had been a long time since I had eaten at a Garcia's and I was kind of looking forward to it.  Last one I actually ate at is now a Popo's.  I think I'll go to Popo's.  If the rudest hostess in all of Phoenix doesn't put you off the lack of air conditioning certainly will.  I'll be happy to see all the Garcia's close again.  And to the rude hostess, I hope you lose your job.
3	Come here often and every time I wish I hadn't. The best time to go is right at opening 11 am. For some reason everytime we go we get the same RUDE waiter "Jesse" who is ALWAYS in some kind of rush and spills when he is refilling drunks and never let's us finish a sentence before rushing off. The salsa is always great and consistent but the food is mediocre. I need to keep that in mind before we go back.
1	Great food try the food hands down the best Mexican food I've had since I've been in Arizona other than the giant Cock roach crawling up the wall . So I whispered quietly to the host because I didn't want to make a scene or interfere with the other guests. When i mention it to the hostess he actually got an attitude with me. He didn't comp us at all with free drink or anything I would never go there again !
4	We have been here a few times and never had any issues. We only come here when we are in the area. Not to confuse this place with the Original Garcia's further south on 35th ave. This location is very good, I have been to others that have not been as good. I have had there nachos, tacos, grilled chicken. Everything has always been good, kids loved it last time, and wife has no problem coming here. The service has always been great, never have to ask for anything. Seems like every time we come here they have their nite club going on. So it can get loud up front.My two favorite mexican restaurants are Rio Mirage in Surprise, and The Original Garcia's in Phoenix. However, this location is right up their with them.
1	Used a coupon from living social went to Garcias first the margarita was horrible then came the appetizer fried mini chimis they were ok at best finally here comes dinner the plate was so hot couldn't touch it food was cold inside and out and tasted horrible last dessert looked ok ice cream was froze solid had to wait 20min to eat it. All and all i will never return to this restaurant will be surprised if its still open in 6 months .
3	We went there yesterday and this was about my third time going there. I was hoping the other two times were flukes but I'm starting to think that's just their food. The steak was just.. crappy. It was a little burnt and tasted like char on some of the pieces. Honestly, I'm giving it three stars because of their name. It should be two. If you're not afraid to travel a little south to a slightly rougher area (really not that bad in my opinion) the original is down there. Huge, tremendous difference, worth the drive especially if you have been here and we're wholly disappointed by this place. The wait staff, hostess we're all friendly, nothing wrong with the way we were treated. It's sadly, the food itself.
2	Usually the service here is average but tonight the service was absolutely horrible. The server was rude and disrespectful. He tossed plates on the table, never brought refills and when the food was prepared wrong he made it seem like an inconvenience we asked for it to be fixed. The food tonight was good once we received what was ordered. After tonight's experience I don't believe we will be dinning back at this restaurant.
