4	Croissants are yummy (much more than donuts), especially when filled with chocolate chips... or raspberry... or cream cheese.. or all three, I'm sure. Anyway, I also had an egg, bacon and swiss croissant sandwich, which was super oily but delicious.They just moved into a new location on the corner of the strip mall they are in. I gather from Bonnie's review that it's a huge improvement over the location she visited, because the new corner space is pleasant and pretty cozy. The only downside is that service was SUPER slow and they were getting orders wrong. The line just kept growing.. and growing.... The food was good enough that I plan on going back, though.
4	Tired of the standard breakfast fare?  Stop by Pleaissant Croissants and pick up a dozen or so to bring to the office or treat yourself to just one.  They have a large variety of flavors.  If you bring an assortment to the office each is coded with a frosting doodle indicating what's inside.These will make you a star, if you're late be a little bit later,  no one will notice.
4	Delicious. That's the best word to describe Pleaissant Croissant. After driving past the place in the evening several times, we finally made it in there one morning a few months ago. Since then its been a regular breakfast stop for us (that and Bagel Nosh). They're open nice and early and we can sit outside with the puppy and enjoy a croissant or two. The food there is very good. The selection is about what you would expect from a place that has the word croissant in the name. A wide variety of tasty croissant sandwiches are available for breakfast and lunch, but where the place really shines is it's signature pastry. The filled croissants are outstanding and the perfect start to a Saturday morning. My favorites are the cherry and cinnamon apple while my girl loves the lemon. While I am normally not big on icing or frosting, both the regular and chocolate icing on these croissants get two big thumbs up.The restaurant itself its relatively straight forward with two large glass displays showing off their wide variety of croissants. They have fountain drinks and a cooler with juices, etc. As I mentioned there is a small outdoor section that's nice in the mornings, but nothing special. The decor is that horrible french cartoon painting stuff that seemed to be popular a little while ago. I never understood that, but it goes with the whole croissant thing so I'll give it a pass. I wonder if they have that sort of thing in France or is it just here when we try to make something look French? Anyway, it's a great place for breakfast in Tempe that's not too busy on the weekends.
1	So I went in thinking they actually make these things from scratch. Which 99% of the time means real ingredients. I looked at the croissants and they looked unappetizing, the decription sounded good but the didnt look flakey or anything. Which was a sign of hydrogenated oil, for some reason it weighs croissants down and is not only worse for you than saturated fat it makes them taste like shit. I asked the woman if there was partially hydrogenated oil in any of the food or margairine which has trans fat. She went and get the 13 yr old baker. Who told me they dont make the icing which has partially hydrogenated oil. WTF!! why would I just go to the grocery store if I didnt care about the oil. I could get 7 unfresh pasteries for this price?The make there shit from a mix and have premade icing. That is literraly the dumbest thing I have heard of.  I am definetly sending them an email, because if they dont even make there food than there is actually no point.
3	my husband and I ate here a few weeks back and found it to be ok. The service was very awkard and absent minded, but friendly. My husband and I ordered identical breakfast sandwiches and a butterscotch crossiant to share. The lady taking the order must have been overwhelmed because she kept asking us what we wanted on our sandwich and when our order was ready, the sandwiches were slightly wrong. We first had to ask for our butterscotch crossiant as they forgot to give it to us, then both of our breakfast sandwiches were half right. We ordered our sandwiches with veggies and we didn't get veggies. I didn't really mind, but  my husband politely asked if his could be re-made. They were very gracious about re-making the sandwich and gave him a new one right away. The butterscotch crossiant was good, but sort of disappointing. I would have liked more butterscotch. All in all this place wasn't bad. I would go back. I do think their prices are a little high for what you get.
4	I worked at the Dairy Queen in this complex for 5 years and loved this place. I still go when I am in the area. Their breakfast sandwich croissants are sooo good! Get the bacon, egg and cheese croissant and you wont be disappointed. The service is not the best but they are super nice. They don't always pick the brightest crayons in the box for employees but they are giving high school kids the chance to work, which is fine with me. This place is good and deserves at lease a try. I would take their breakfast sandwiches over the crap at a Starbucks or Einstein's.  Give it a try if you are in the area.
1	If you read this review, please also read Nathan's comment below.I hesitated to write a negative review about this place because I know it is local, but its food didn't taste local or homemade to me. I am not exaggerating when I say a breakfast sandwich from P.Crossant is no better than one from McDonalds.  Pre-made lumps of single-colored scambled egg, rubbery cheese, watery sausage patty, and a croissant that tastes like it has been refrigerated for days.  Not flaky, or buttery, or soft on the inside.  Kind of mashed down and a sickly yellow color.  Meanest review ever?  Sorry, P.Croissant!  But it's true.  I'll never go back.
4	I decided one day to work outside the office.  I had to concentrate on some writing and sometimes my work is not the best place to do that because I share an office.  I decided to go to Bunna, but was sidetracked.  I saw P.Croissants and had to go in.  I ordered a ham and egg breakfast sandwich and an iced mocha.  It was probably not the healthiest thing to eat, but I didn't care.  It was really good.  They have free wi-fi and I was able to work outside on my project.  A great start to my morning with yummy food and a comfortable work environment. :)
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service8 Atmosphere8 Valuemmmm tasty....  just don't show up late because they let their flavored croissant offerings thin out significantly as lunch approaches.
3	Sandwich portions a bit small for the price, but very tasty. Take advantage of the extra meat/cheese option.A good variety of add-ons for the sandwiches (veggies).Pastry croissants reasonably priced and portioned. Good selection in the morning, but dwindles quickly.The espresso drinks need some serious help. Not awful, or burnt - but really, really blah.
4	Love, love, love the croissants here.  They are so soft and flavorful, not like ones you can buy at any store around here that I know of.  I first tried one when I got one wrapped as a baby shower take-away gift.  I haven't tried the sandwiches, but the staff was super friendly and the hot tea was only a buck!  I thought it was very reasonably priced comparatively speaking and their marketing was professional.  Not the best atmosphere I've ever seen, I'd give it a 7 or 8.
5	Greatest pastries on earth! Get there early
4	P. Croissants keeps it fairly simple, so I am going to do the same with my review:Croissants - AMAZING. Like everyone says, get their early. I really loved the cherry cheese, strawberry, and peanut butter varieties. Sandwiches - Meh. Maybe my hopes were too high. They took forever to make and were just so-so.Coffee and Espresso drinks - BOO. Overpriced and not very good. Go somewhere else for your java.
4	All I have ever sampled here is the croissants and they are a buttery delight and butter is not cheap and neither are the croissants but well worth the treat. Enjoy
1	We've visited P. Croissant over the past few months several times. The food here is pretty good. The filled croissants were tasty, with a bit of filling. I went because someone in one of my classes worked there and brought some to a group meeting once, and they were pretty good. I would have liked to be able to get one without all that icing.If you call ahead, they can make special requests (like flavor combos not on the menu, or no icing) so there is that. Service from the college age kids who work there is generally fast and very friendly, occasionally a little scatterbrained. They are quick to correct mistakes and do what they can to make things right, though.However, the new management sucks. Rude and unpleasant to deal with - all the genuine, friendly (albeit ditzy) college kids who used to work here are gone. I've heard enough about their questionable food handling practices (cooking eggs in plastic, using old ingredients, etc) from the employees themselves to not want to come back. Ultimately it's too expensive for what it is, which is a fancied up frozen croissant. If you notice the owner's comments all throughout the Yelp reviews, you'll notice they never once say the croissants are made from scratch, and the employees themselves have admitted this if you ask them in person. Apparently the other baked goods like the scones, muffins, etc. are from scratch, but the croissants themselves are not.  Lame, P. Croissant, lame.
3	Looking for a crusty and delicious french pastry - P. croissant is your place. My one wish would just be a little more filling in the croissants. I just hope it wouldn't make it too sweet. The coffee was ok, but I really wanted it to be as good as the croissants. Its one of those places I could do once in a blue moon but after consecutive trips can get kind of old. Plus one time I went there were practically no croissants left -maybe it was busy morning, I will give them the benefit of the doubt, but I was a bit perturbed by my lack of choices. At any rate enjoy once in awhile - all those carbs and sugar are only good in moderation no matter how tasty.
1	Note to self: If the staff behind the counter is fighting loudly with each other, just leave. The boyfriend and I needed a quick breakfast this AM so we decided to head over to P. Croissant. We've been before and while the croissants are overpriced, they're decent so we figured it would be a good option. We were wrong.We walked in and it was relatively busy. There was a short line so we found our place in the queue and were quickly greeted with the sounds of two staffers fighting loudly with each other. Good Morning to you too! They were both obviously stressed out and were blaming each other for their own freak out but it made us feel very uneasy. We ordered two breakfast sandwiches and I don't even think I got a thank you.We then proceeded outside to find a table to sit at but almost every chair (and table) had bird poop all over it. The one chair that didn't had something (orange juice I hope) spilled on it. And I'm not talking about a little spec of bird crap. There was enough to really gross me out. So, back inside.We finally get our sandwiches. They were okay. The bacon was pretty rubbery - probably because they microwave everything. But honestly even if the sandwich had been amazing, the atmosphere created by the staff was so off-putting I lost my appetite. I know working in food is not easy but fighting in front of customers again and again is just not acceptable.
4	so yummy but a little $$$ for what you get
2	Last year my boss got boxes of croissants from here.  The different kinds were distinguished by a different symbols made in icing on top of the pastries.  I was hoping for a pan au chocolat, but the closest they had was chocolate chip (my boss got every flavor).  The croissants were decent, but there was nothing particularly special about them.
2	A good sandwich, but steer clear if you are conscious of price.
1	We were looking for some quick breakfast this morning when the sign for P. croissants caught my eye. "STOP!" I told the hubs, "we're eating here!" I love local bakeries! I was delighted to give it a try--it looked like just the kind of place I love. We walked in and ogled the rows of croissants with myraid fillings. Immediatley I noticed that they had a sort of dull appearance. Okay, I said, so they don't brush them with egg before they bake them. That doesn't mean they won't be delicious! It was however, an omen. A dull, unremarkable omen, I ordered a breakfast sandwich with ham, egg, and provolone. The hubs got himself a Chocolate Bavarian Cream croissant.Yikes. The egg is microwaved in some tuperware until it is a yellow puff (I hate microwaved eggs: I can do that at home!) and it's piled with ham and cheese. The croissant itself is akin to a McDonalds biscuit. I was sorely disappointed! Especially at nearly six bucks. I grabbed some jelly off of the condiment ar (because I'm weird and I enjoy the flavor combination) and was shocked when the plastic knife wouldn't peirce the jelly in the packet. I mean, this was some really, really old jelly. Yuck. Blech. The hub's choice was not much better. It was chocolate pudding type filling in an equally McDonaldsy pastry. The revelation from other yelpers that this stuff is not made from scratch (or even close to it) was no surprise. Non-bakers: please stop opening bakeries!
4	This place has excellent croissants with a great selection of delicious flavors. Great for breakfast and lunch!
5	I have been going here between 10 to 15 years and I still like this place. If you are looking for a great croissant with filling in the middle then this is the place to be.
3	The croissants here move quickly, so I've never had occasion to pick from all the offerings. I have tried and liked okay the apricot and the cherry cheese. The peanut butter and jelly is kind of gross. Service was okay. Coffee was not good at all--tasted watery. Latte also tasted watery. I have never tried the sandwiches, but I did try a scone which was pretty decent, as far as scones go. Really wanted to try a chocolate croissant, but fat chance of that happening anytime soon. Located in a strip mall, I seem to remember sponge painting on the walls, possible stenciling. If not, it is the sort of place that would have that. I just wanted to leave, and so I did.
4	In reponse to some of the 1-star reviews on here for this place:  Yikes, people.  It is a croissant!My brother-in-law has been picking up pastries from here for the whole fam for years.  He was our "designated pastry driver" so none of us had any idea what this place looked like or where it was.Yesterday after a walk at Kiwanis my husband and I stopped in.  This place was SLAMMING!  But they are efficient and move you through in a polite but, "Pick or get out of line" manner.  If it takes you more than 20 seconds to pick a croissant flavor/filling, you can stand back and let others choose - sorry!The decor was a bit... odd but I don't eat at breakfast places for the atmosphere.  Breakfast places are busy when they should be - at breakfast time - and I just go there to eat and get out.  If you want to lounge and savor every bite, go to dinner or go get a pre-packaged something from a coffee chain and sit all day.I LOVED that we got there before what seemed to be the 10:15 rush.  We got the last of each of our croissants and they were DELISH!  I had V8 from the cooler and DH had OJ, so I can't comment on their coffee/espresso drinks.Go in expecting New York politeness and have your mouth watering for a crisp-on-the-outside-delicious-on-the-inside croissant and you will be happy!
3	the croissants here were huge. felt healthier because they were less oily, but kind of plain looking and plain tasting.
5	After reading many reviews I decided to check it out.  Stopped in right before closing today and I'm so glad I did.  I picked up 2 Bavarian Cream croissants- absolutely amazing.  I will surely be back to try some of the other flavors.  Brought some back to the office and they disappeared so quickly, coworkers asking for more!  The staff was very courteous and really patient even though they were closing shortly.  A+!
1	This place does have good croissants. That is not their problem. Whatever you do, do NOT order a breakfast sandwich. They microwave the egg in a plastic dish. It is completely unaccepatible. I am a bit of a health nut and was SHOCKED that a restaurant that makes such beautiful croissants would serve eggs like that. It doesn't taste good and it's not healthy. Everyone knows you don't microwave in plastic unless you want cancer. Here's what they need to do. They need to focus on making better breakfast food to compliment the croissants. They also  need to call in a decorator to create a better ambience.  If they did these two things, they would be so busy they would have to move to a bigger location. Arizonians love a good breakfast after a hike, and this place currently doesn't cut it.
4	Before I get into anything, let me reiterate to you what the name of this restaurant is.P.croissantsThat being said, here we go.This place is known solely for having fantastic croissants.  They are not known for their great breakfast sandwiches.  They are known for making great croissants.  And for that, they are doing a great job.They really do not need to fix anything.  How do I know this?  Just go into their store late Sunday morning.  Their croissants will be ALL GONE.  What does that tell you?  It means that people come for the croissants.  OBVIOUSLY, if people are eating them, they are good.  It's common sense.I give this place a 4 stars.  It's clean, it has good coffee, but it is lacking a lot of indoor space... This is an almost-5-star review.  Very, very, very close.  Just not quite there.
3	I visited once and will probably not go back.  Unfortunately Starbucks has a better corner on this market, and that's not saying much.  Croissants were OK-flaky enough but not rich and buttery like you'd hope.  They offer a wide variety of fillings, which seems very enticing, until you try them.  Stingy remnants of fillings (and I tried 3).I give 3 stars based on the fact that they weren't terrible and I was offered a free croissant, given that it was the end of the day and they were going to be getting rid of a bunch.  Check it out but don't get your hopes up too high.
1	I had been CRAVING a Really Good Croissant for a long time!  I used to go to P.croissants back in the 80's/90's and I am sure they were owned by someone different then and the Croissants were AMAZING!Then I went to day and more then likely will never go back!  I just got a Plain Croissant and brought it home and I was SO DISAPPOINTED!  It was not flaky at all and very LITTLE taste.  Not at all like I had remembered them to be.As a side note if anyone is looking for the best Croissant's, HANDS DOWN, Williams and Sonoma!  You get them via mail order and they come frozen, set them out the night before and bake them and they are AMAZING, my holiday treat every year now.  Keeping a box around all year is dangerous!  I have found nothing to compare to them and looks like I will stick to them!
3	I'd say this is a good spot for breakfast pastries. However, I am not a fan of their lunch offerings. Staff are friendly and the decor is pleasant.
5	Best flavored croissants in town.  don't be looking for the dinner roll type these are special.   !!!  I've bought these from this family  for years in several locations as they grew.   You have to try them.
4	A friend brought me a strawberry and cream croissant at work today, it was perfectly sweet and buttery. The croissant was light and flakey and the strawberry & cream cheese was the perfect balance of sweet cream! Look forward to trying out different flavored croissants!
4	After reading all the negative reviews on Yelp I was little apprehensive about going here but, I had a hankering for baked goods and I happened to pass this place. This place a pleasant surprise! Unlike the other reviewers upon walking in I was greeted by all 3 employees who were working the front. There was literally a plethora  of filled croissants to choose from. I had the cherry & cream cheese filled one and my friend had the strawberry and cream cheese one. The croissants were light, buttery and flaky. I like how they mixed the fruit filling with the cream cheese so you don't have to worry about that weird gelatin texture. They were only $1 each, which to me is a steal! I will definitely be back to try the others.
4	As I was driving from meeting with a client,I came across P.Croissants and decided to give it a try for a quick lunch. I spent a ridiculously long time trying to decide on a pastry, they offer 21 varieties of croissants. It all looked wonderful. Flavors like chocolate bavarian cream, white chocolate, butterscotch...how does one choose. The pastries looked very fresh, perfectly golden and delicious. I finally decided on a scone and coffee! The coffee was fine and the scone was incredible. Perfectly crisp on the outside, it was filled was plump cranberries, each bite was gorgeously buttery and delicious. I will just have to go back to try a croissant. I would be interested in trying one of their sandwiches too, fun names like Franklin's French Mistress ,Bon- a- part and Guillotine is definitely worth a try. The atmosphere at P. Croissant is casual and cozy. It was clean and the staff were very friendly and in my case very patient!!!P. Croissant will be seeing more of me in the future.
4	If you're craving a croissant, this is the place to go! The pastries remind me of being in Paris!There are at least 8-10 different flavors/options. I ordered the apple croissant and a vanilla latte for $5.50.The tip of the croissant was slightly harder/crispier than I would have liked but otherwise it was buttery, flakey and delicious!Plenty of parking and there's also free WIFI.
4	P. Croissants has the smell of a few cafes that I have been to in France.  I got a turkey avocado croissant and a to-go black cherry chocolate one.  The lunch one was a perfect size and the flaky and crisp texture of the croissant was excellent.  The sweet croissant was pretty good too.  It wasn't too rich or sweet as I may have anticipated, which is perfect.There are not very many lunch spots in the nearby 2 miles radius, and you can count on coming here for great quality food.
2	No.Not even close to what a croissant should taste like. Very bland. Texture was all wrong--no flake! Yuck.The vegetables with the egg and cheese were cold as well. My husband didn't have as bad of a reaction but we both agree we have no reason to return.
4	I think its best to come here with an open mind because its not really a full fledge, hot butter-melty flakey crossaint place.  I don't recall how flaky the croissants are to be honest because I was too busy checking out the list of fillings they have inside their croissants.  Also they make a bunch of other snacks that are pretty good too.Check out their website for the full listing of fillings they have inside their croissants.  Its a very long list and should fulfill anyone's desire of a peanut butter or even butter scotch croissant.  Oh ehh, i know its kind of weird at first because U can't quite place it.  The choices of flavors reminds me of selections normally found at a donut store.  Yet the appearance of the crossaints are between a bagel and a english muffin.  But hey, eat it and enjoy it :)I had their breakfast sandwich kind of thing and its decent, tried their sweet croissant and it made me smile.  So come here if u like donuts, but wanna try something a little different, come here if u want to seek out a nicely made breakfast sandwich vs the typical microwave ones, and come here if u want breakfast on the go :) I support the guts the owner has in pursuing this very interesting take on croissants and I shall be back again :)
3	I used to LOVE this place... They're still pretty good now but not what they used to be. The croissants used to be *stuffed* with the various delicious fillings, and now they definitely don't put as much of the yum in there. The croissants also seem to be a bit more dry than I recalled. Still a good treat though.
3	Pros: Lots of flavors to choose from, easy code system for croissants, plenty of parking, and attentive staffCons: Incredibly dry croissants
3	This little neighborhood spot is good for a quick lunch. They used to have a lunch deal for a croissant sandwich with chips, but now for the same price it is just the sandwich...chips are extra. Their sandwiches are generous on the fillings and the croissants are large. I have also ordered breakfast croissants by the dozen for holidays or celebrations. They are always a hit...mostly for the different fillings that are offered. They are pricey...so it is not like picking up a dozen donuts or a bagel bucket for the office.
4	Ok people....this place is not TC Eggingtons or US Egg.  The breakfast selection is not extensive...they dont have a grill.It is a good local croissant shop with a huge variety of croissants and other delicious treats shuch as eclairs, scones and muffins.  The coffee is descent and the atmosphere and service is better than average.If your looking for a knock your socks off breakfast, go elsewhere.  If you want a freshly baked pastry that you wont find anywhere else in the valley....this is your spot.
4	The croissants are so good. The almond is fantastic, but you can't go wrong with any flavor, lots of filling inside. A little pricey but with a splurge.
3	Picked up filled croissants for myself and the boys this morning.  They were a little overbaked today but still tasty.I still miss the original place that was I'm the strip mall a couple suites down.Price has increased twice, at least, for individual croissants since it changed ownership.  Quality of croissants has not improved and if anything it seems to have gone from alright to mediocre.  Sometimes lacking filling, sometimes looking especially small -c'mon, for the price you don't want something that's a tad bigger than a grocery store cinnamon fry.I rather they would get rid of all the new flavors they've added and simply offer a better quality product that was brought over from the original store/owner/baker(s).Because the price of one croissant has gone up again I have opted to pick up treats to deliver to friends or a business (the staff at my vets office) from an excellent bakery that's across town.More options and more for my money too.
3	I have been going to P croissant since it was owned by a guy and his son and only did Croissants. It was a no frills bakery open for about 4 hours in the morning.  When they sold to the new owner they dressed the place up (good idea) and expanded the menu.  If I compare the croissants to what they used to be quality has dropped. However if I look at them compared to other places they still offer a very acceptable product.I buy boxes of the croissants for clients and they get rave reviews every time. I stop in several mornings each week and get coffee and a Cherry or Raspberry croissant. They do seem to  have gotten a little doughy and the filling is erratic on quantity but generally I still love them and my clients still ask me to bring them again. The coffee is no big deal but not bad. Pricing seems a little high but business seems to be booming for them so pricing must not be an issue.Regarding comments I see - there seems to have been a problem in 2011 but right now the pace is clean, the outside tables are clean and I sit there and work. The staff is "efficient" and does a good job. Overall I like the place and recommend people try it.
3	Had the chicken salad croissant, it was actually very good. The place was cramped and service was confusing. Just an average place, but a decent backup if you cant get a table at the crepe bar next door.
4	Came here today because Crepe Bar was a crowded mess.  I was pleasantly surprised.  My croissant was deliciously buttery and flaky.  The chef came out to ask how the meal was.  The coffee was actually WAY better than Crepe Bars (which tastes sour like Dunkin Donuts to me).They only lose a star for service and that's just because they seem to need a number system so the girl bringing out the food isn't going up to every table with your food.
4	Croissants still a little doughy but I never leave a crumb so maybe they need to be looked at as their own product and not as a classic crossiant. In that light they are excellent. In the last three weeks there seems to have been a staff change and now they smile and act like they want you to be there. It was not terrible befor but it is better now.If you have not been there yet - go to the Y for some exercise and then drop in for a croissant, some coffee and some conversation.
4	I remember back when this place had its original name, Plaisant Croissants. I'm glad that it's still here offering buttery rich pastries and sandwiches.I stepped in and ordered an egg and cheese croissant and a Bavarian cream. The croissants themselves were light, buttery, and flaky. The egg in the sandwich was fluffy and scrambled, with melted cheese in it. The Bavarian cream had a decent amount of filling in it, although a little more would have been nice!The egg sandwich was $5.25 and the Bavarian cream was $2.25. The interior is cute with French cafe influences. Definitely a good stop to indulge in a French inspired breakfast!
3	Came here after a disappointing performance from the place next door. I had already eaten, but ordered a bavarian filled and was pleasantly surprised. It didn't have enough filling for my taste, but the flavor was nice. 3 other people in my party had sandwiches which looked generous and they said they were all good. I got a bite of the lemon filled and it was good too. I think prices are a little high, but the food was good overall.
5	This place has the best croissants I've ever eaten. They are a bit pricey but what do you expect with such a high quality product. Every flavor I've ever had tastes great and they melt in your mouth. They have a neat labeling system so that you can tell which flavor is which when you get a big box of them.
1	What a waste of time. This wasn't my first choice for breakfast; I had attempted to go to Crepe Bar next door but found they were PACKED so decided I'd try this place. I tried to ask a question about their quiche and the lady didn't understand me. So I just quickly ordered one and paid. She then threw my quiche in a microwave. Really? Aren't you a bakery?? The two ladies next to me ordered quiche as well and theirs was placed in the oven vs microwave - I asked the lady if mine could be heated in the oven as well. She looked at me like I was a nuisance. She started then placing a new quiche in the oven for me, but then the other cashier lady said it would take 20 minutes to place in the oven (she had just told the other two ladies ordering quiche that it'd be ready in 5-10 mins). I asked her why mine would take so much longer and she then proclaimed that she would be placing their quiche in the microwave as well after a little oven time. Seriously... What is wrong with this bakery???!! It's not a fast food joint, yet everything needs to be microwaved?? What a joke.  They microwave their food and the staff is awful. Won't come here again.
4	Their filled croissants are awesome! The only reason I can't give 5 stars is because they are out of croissants about half the time I go there. I appreciate that they might run out by later in the day, but not at 10am on a regular Saturday. Anyway, I've had several varieties of their filled croissants and find them to be super delicious and yummy.  Be sure to go early for best selection!
1	If the previous owners are still in town, I wonder if it makes them sad to see what happened to their specialty concept? If you went to the original in Tempe or Ahwatukee (before they closed it in the early 90's) you could tell that their little gem would flourish in a larger space with some appropriate decor and ambiance, specialty coffees, etc. Sadly, while these changes were made by the new owners 5 or so years ago, the quality of the product went downhill and the prices went up. I recently tried a breakfast croissant again and I'd swear the croissant came from Costco...it was that mediocre. Gone is the delicate blend of overnight proofed crispy exterior with layers of tender inner croissant. I bought a filled croissant for later and it was so disappointing; I'm embarrassed I let my taste buds down this way. I've tried going back several times over the last few years. I want to like them, I want to support them, but they are overpriced and underwhelming...I wont go back again.If you never went to the original owners' Pleassant Croissant and think P. Croissant is great...continue to live in blissful ignorance. I, on the other hand mourn the loss of the father and son that delivered the original delicate delights that were worthy of praise and their price.
2	To be fair, the food is good, very good actually. But when a restaurant gives your food to another table and then continues serving to other tables while you wait a half hour it's impossible to give a decent rating. Won't return because there are lots of restaurants to choose from in this world... So why go to a place that blows off your order?
5	I love the Almondine croissant.  The customer service is very good and from time to time you'll see the owner drop in for breakfast.  I have also seen the Mayor of Tempe on several occasions.   Go early for the best selection or order in advance to guarantee your fav's are in the box.
4	Really been wanting to try this place out. I'm glad did. I got a croissant sandwich. It came with chips and a pickle. The croissant was very flaky and light. The price was fairly reasonable for what you get. I will definitely come here again.
4	Best place ever! a little pricey but love the cream cheese and raspberry croissants. Definitely worth checking out!!
5	Why the negativity? These croissants are the best! Their croissant breakfast sandwich isn't bad either.
5	This restaurant was lovely! They had great music, friendly staff, and delicious croissants. They have sandwiches, soups, salads, dessert croissants, and other French pastries in the case. Great for breakfast, brunch, or lunch. Definitely fun for a date or with friends!
3	Pretty good selection. If you want a croissant from the shelf come early!  I've been there twice and haven't gotten to try a fruit filled one yet because they are always sold out. Light abs flaky croissants!
5	Absolutely amazing croissants (i tried blueberry) and sandwich! The people were also extremely friendly.
1	I don't normally write bad, but holy poop! $6 dollars for an average ham, egg, cheese and hard croissant sandwich!  Next time will go get a crepe next door. Very over priced and quality is way down from childhood days!
3	Croissants are yumStopped in to grab some croissants.  Very pleasant and helpful service dude and the baked goods were yummers.  Standard fare overall.Will revisit and order some meal options to rate again.  Place has potential and we want to try their French Onion Soup.
5	Really enjoyed this place. Selection was really good. Croissant sandwich was really good. Service was really good. Will come back to this place. Forgot what I ordered but remembered it was really good.
5	Wonderfully fresh croissants and additional pastries (scones, muffins, quiche, and sandwiches)I've enjoyed their croissants for years and they are by far the freshest (and largest!) I've had anywhere. They have a wide variety of flavors - from plain to chocolate and fruit fillings.
5	Great little restaurant for lunch or breakfast!  The Florentine salad was amazing and my don loved his veggie sandwich.
5	Drove all the way from Peoria to try out the Crepe Bar....unfortunately, they were on "summer break" and won't be open until Monday. (Still upset about that!)FORTUNATELY, there is a croissant place right next door. I love croissants, and these are fresh, huge, and delicious!! I had the Bavarian cream and my boyfriend had the raspberry one. Both were very, very good. They are so fluffy, soft, and a little crunchy on the outside!! To be honest, I thought it would be stuffed with filling and too sweet for me, but it had just the right amount for me! My boyfriend does not really like sweet stuff, but he enjoyed the raspberry filled croissant. Very glad we came here :) If it were on our side of the town...I think I would go quite often..
5	Yummy breakfast sandwiches on delicious, buttery croissants. What more could you ask for? A fun and funky cafe setting...done.
4	Croissants, croissants and more croissants! This place is packed with baked croissgoodness of all kinds. For lunch I ordered the Philly Bastilly - roast beef, provolone, green peppers, onions and mushrooms served with a pile of crisp potato chips. Because it was so buttery good I ordered the feta and spinach croissant to go. Tastes great for breakfast. Can't wait to try the rest of their menu.
5	What a great little establishment!  My daughter and I stumbled upon this little gem a few days ago and not only is their food fresh and great tasting but they have excellent customer service.The first day I had the croissant filled with boston cream and my daughter had the cheese danish....delish....the second day I split a savory croissant of ham and swiss with my daughter and it was even more delish.  I also had an iced mocha that was perfectly flavored.  I highly recommend this little spot.
1	The actual croissants are good but only if you like plain ones. Very little filling in the sweet ones, and the breakfast ones are are frozen food tasting. Will not return!
2	It's just unfortunate that they are next to a fantastic french restaurant. It just does not compare and the croissants are OK. I mean i couldn't make them on my own.. but i will not be returning. There was nothing in here that calls to you and being the only ones getting helped and buying croissants there, it took a very long while to check out.Not even service could save them....
4	These crossiants are delicious. I had one for breakfast and one for lunch. Breakfast was carmel apple. So yum chocolate on crust through me off. Would of been better with true carmel drizzled across the crust. For lunch made a leftover turkey sanwhich.  Truly blessing to find this joint.
2	I dont understand a restaurant that always runs out of food before lunch time.  If you want to try a flavores croissant dont bother showing up after 10am.  The sandwiches are average.  The one upside is the service.  Staff is always friendly... Even when they are telling you they dont have any food to serve you.
