4	Stop #3 one recent morning exploring spots in Henderson was Sweet Ruby's new location and it's still chock full of sweetness. Cookies, candies, krispy treats, cake pops, candied apples-something to satisfy your sweet tooth and make your dentist groan. I exercised a bit of self-control and left with a snickerdoodle for me and a red velvet crinkle cookie for the teen. Check out the new location for your treats, too. Sweet!
5	New location, same sweet super cute place. They're all moved into their new home over at Sansone Park Place. Sweet Ruby Jame's still the same sweet shop that specializes in homemade candies and sweet treats like cake pops and cookies.At a Yelp event they attended (Rock N Roll KissMas) I met the owners when they had cake pops and learned all the treats made in their shop are recipes handed down by the owners grandma.My (and Mr. B's) favorite confections gotta be their butter toffees. Especially the toffee chip cookies. Their toffee brittle is smooth,shiny and tastes so buttery. You dont have to bite too hard to break off a piece. You will also find oreo, pretzels and TWINKIES dipped in CHOCOLATE!. I like that they are individually wrapped with cute packaging and make fun little surprise gifts for those "just cause" occasions. Now that they're in the strip mall with some of the restaurants I frequent (Cafe Zupas) I'll pop in more when I need to get cookies at their happy hour...and who knows I might even share them with ya!
2	I was a fan of this place before they moved but the new location is very tiny and they've done away with a lot of the tasty sugar free treats I used to love. Now there's only a tiny section of pre-made and packaged SF sweets. I went in a couple of days ago and left. Nothing very appealing. A huge bummer!
4	Sweet Ruby Jane's has some amazing treats and goods. I love coming to this place and ordering the covered chocolate pretzels. She decorated the store so amazing and all the treats look so yummy to eat. Everytime I go into the store, I always come out with more. I love coming here and I have ordered some treats for the holidays for some family and friends. I would recommend this place to anyone because they have an amazing selection of goods. I love how the owner is very nice and takes the time to help you out if you need anything. This place is a truly remarkable store and I love coming here. It is perfect for buying gifts for other people. I love how you can put a picture on an item and it is edible. I love all the options this store offers and how amazing the customer service is here. Everyone should check out this place.
5	Five star review all the way here!  Adorable, retro style shoppe with the most delicious treats displayed perfectly pleasing to the eye. I love the variety of desserts as well as how clean and professional the shoppe is presented.  Great little place!
5	I Had there Maple Cotton Candy YUMMMY! Also tried their peppermint bark in white choc. and dark choc. NOW TO THE BEST PART!!! They have a Homemade Carmel Marshmallow That  Is Absolutely AMAZING. Thank You For Being Awesome!!
5	There are several reasons to try this place.  These reasons are in the bottom half of this review.  First, I want to explain the feeling you will get:a. Yummy Yum Yum Yum,b. Ahhhhh, yes.c. OMG,  OMGd. What Diet?e. Yes!  I will have one of each!f.  Freakilicious.g. Died and gone to heavenNow that we got this out of the way, here are reasons you need to visit this place:a. A small local business.b. Operated mainly by two sisters using they mother's recipes.c. Most of the delicacies are named after family members. How cool is that.d. Awesome tastes. e. Types of choices are amazing. I cannot even describe all the chocolates, the toffees, the pretzels, the candy coated whachamacallits and what nots.Nice, quaint, cool, tasty and heck, it is way past Jan 1 so stop dieting and check this place out. If you gave up on candy or chocolates for lent, well, my suggestion is to put this on your list to come back to. Because you are not gonna just dip in here a take a wee bit of taste. You will honker down and power through the stuff they have.  I went in with my daughter just to check out the place and buy a couple of things and I ended up with a whole box of everything I wanted to try!GK says - SWEET.  Check this place out and don't bring your guilt laden blah blahs with you.  This is a place to enjoy the finer aspects of sugar, sugar and sugar!  And.... chocolate too.
5	Greeted right when you walk in! :) Nice ambiance, and really cute treats. I tried the crisp and toffee bark which were amazing! It wasnt too sweet which I like. And the toffee pieces were delicioussss! They got holiday treats for the time of season too and regular candy other than chocolate. A must try and def coming back!
5	What a fantastic business!The sweets are amazing! Every time I go, I'm more impressed. I recently ordered a dog cake for my puppy's birthday. It was a huge hit. Made with peanut butter, peanuts, oatmeal, and more. These ladies really put their heart into their food...and you can tell. Five stars all the way!!
5	What a great little find!  Staff were so friendly and even showed us the workspace.  All sorts of from scratch chocolates and candies - many that you remember from your childhood.  Couldn't believe they even had seafoam (they called it something else) which is really hard to find.  Worth a visit for sure just to get their ice cream sandwiches.
5	What a great little place! Had some custom chocolate made for my husband on our Anniversary and he loved it! They only use Belgium chocolate which speaks for itself. They even offer treats for dogs! My dog loves the ice cream sandwich and the Peanut Butter cookies. Give it a try. You won't regret it.
1	My friend and I had tried to check out this sweet spot for a while, but every time we were in the area it looked or was closed. We finally caught it open and took a look around. We were met by a round faced cashier who was only able to generically repeat info that she learned during her orientation. We asked if she had samples of their caramel popcorn, the answer was no. We asked if they had samples of their honey comb, she said said no. Ok, so what do you have samples of? Round face pulls out a tray of sloppy filled chocolates and quickly told is what they were. Unsatisfied with the choices, we asked to speak to the owner who was behind the glass decorating cookies. Round face said she was busy making cookies but I insisted she could step away to speak to potential customers. We should have just continued to speak to round face because the owner was ten times as rude as round. We explained that their were a couple things we wanted to sample and she said they usually only do one sample on Saturdays. She explained this is a smaller shop and it's not a sample shop like See's Candy. We said that we understood this isn't a generic brand like See's which is why we were interested and wanted to try homemade sweets, but you can't expect a customer to pay 5.50 for a small tub of popcorn without sampling it first. Instead of trying to convince us of the guarantee and satisfaction we would receive from her products, she told us her business is doing great the way that she runs in. The owner fails to realize that if you are going to rely solely on how your store is doing now instead of accommodating potential repeat customers your business will not last. We are the future of your business and disrespecting customers and not trying to help in any way will surely be the end of your business.
1	The first time I drove by Ruby Jane's I thought it was closed because of the decals completely covering the doors. Today, I saw from their hours posted that they were open. I was barely greeted by a young timid girl who seemed uncomfortable being at the front of the shop. I asked her if she had samples of the caramel popcorn and the honeycomb chocolate, she had neither. Then I asked her if she had anything I could sample and she grabbed a tray of unimpressive looking chocolates. At this point, I asked to speak with the owner to see if she could offer me a sample of the confections I wanted to try. Immediately she has a what do you want type of attitude. She tells me this isn't See's Candy, we are a small shop that can't afford to give out samples and we do very well without giving out samples. She acted as though she didn't need me to purchase anything from her nor did she care about my first experience. As a business owner you cannot have this attitude towards your customers especially because bad customer service travels fast through social media outlets like Yelp. I didn't purchase anything because a business owner with this type of mind set does not deserve my money.
