5	I had been waiting for this place to open up for Months. Its right by my Gym and i was stocked to see this new somewhat unusual place is getting ready to get open. Indian food!!! Yummm. South Indian!?! Hummm... Cool. Vegetarian?!? I am game. So, they finally opened up last week and we went there Friday for a dinner. Its not fancy and all - Just a few sitting stations on the big white room with a few TVs showing some Indian news. You order your food at the counter, take out style. Nothing interesting there. But fun starts when you get it!!! Sizes are large, MANY different things to choose from, there is a condiments bar. And, most importantly, it tastes really good!!! I mean fingerlickinggood!!! Why 5 stars? SERVICE! It was real good, owner there really friendly, very helpful and even hooked me up with a free Mango Lassi. "Pay next tine, maybe?!" - He said. WOW!I can not wait to go back and try some other dish!!! I hope they stay in business and i will be able to go there time after time! You should check it out too!"I like""Very nice"
5	Went again for lunch! Yuuummmm yummmmm Polished off a huge bowl of Curry Eggplant! Its so fucking delicious!!! Hawaiian guy and Indian girl i went with loved it as well. It IS a bit more spicy then your run of the mill average Indian joint. So be aware of that. I am sure they will be happy to tone it down for you, but then, of course, you toning down your experience. I loved it as is. Its awesome and i am sure as hell coming back!PLEASE!!! P L E A S E do not listen to retards who bash this place for various stupid non-related shit!!! Stop by and try it. I brought half a dozen people there at various times and not one walked away disappointed - From actual Indian people to Alabama hick, to Scottsdale snob to average Joe.
3	Features a very large menu with lots of choices almost all between $7-$9.  We each had a Dosai and a Samosa. Everything was very good. The Dosais were large and filling. All the chutneys are free with the food. The mango lassi was delicious as well. We'll definitely be going back to try more. Great for lunch or dinner. At some point I'll try one of the lunch combos which sound like a great deal.
3	As far as South Indian restaurants go this is OK. The people are the same from the Udupi restaurant which BTW had several health code violations. However if you are into Indian food this "uncleanliness" comes part and parcel of the "Indian" experience. So if you disregard the general ambiance, its quite OK in terms of its food offering (Leaning strongly towards South Indian cuisine). The quality of the food varies due to non-standardization of the recipe.... methinks. Have tried the Thali which unfortunately was cold. Cold South Indian food is always yucky. I was somewhat placated with the various chutney's they have as an accompaniment. I give this place 1-2 year tops before it becomes a hovel.
3	Clean, bright and quick.I came here with my husband, and we both had a combo-platter that included one masala dhosa, an idli, and some sambar. It was all tasty -- and waaayyy too much food.I guess it's a mixed bag because some of his friends (they all work nearby) come here multiple times a week for lunch, and others swear its awful. As for me, I like the chutney bar - it's nice to be able to get as much as you want, and I recommend both the coconut chutney and the mint chutney -- or, blend them together, like my mother-in-law does with her homemade kind. Yummy.I think this place is quite tasty, but I won't come here often, just due to the fact that it's a major carb overload, and I wish the dhosas weren't quite so expensive (I think they're about $7.50 for one?).But, that being said, it's great for a once-in-awhile-treat.
1	idlis (rice cakes) can be used as a good weapon substitute. hard and reliable :)
5	NOTE: Ignore the reviews above. It looks as if there is some deliberate attempt by the Udupai owners to pose as members and bash this place. Yes, this owner used to own Udupai Cafe and Udupai Cafe is another dosa house that competes with this eatery.  If you read my other reviews, you know that I'm critical and  my attention to detail is there so I'm not one of these people who likes every place he eats at.PositivesI'm Indian and I can assure you this place is good. I have never been to Udupai Cafe but based on its failing health inspections, I would be scared to eat there. Woodlands is a nice CLEAN eatery in a nice part of Chandler.  It's not a restaurant.  It's basically a Dosa shop. They  specialize in Dosa and offer several types. They also have excellent Indian Chinese dishes.   The food is consistently good and I have eaten there on several occassions.  This is a lunch/light dinner place.  Don't think of this place like a restaurant.  There are several types of Dosa and that's what this place specializes in.  The restaurant is also modern and not is some ghetto strip mall so don't worry about failing health codes here...at least not for a while.NegativesTheir non-South Indian dishes are not so good. For non-Indians, they should be informed that this is a Dosa house so order dosa and other south Indian dishes.  Don't order your typical Indian restaurant favorites like palak paneer (it wasn't good here).   The owner also says every dish is excellent which isn't true; he is kind of a businessman so he doesn't really care about telling you which dishes stand out.  Stick to the Dosa and the Vegetable Manchurian.  Their mango shake wasn't very good. Their chiku shake is great.
4	Woodlands reminds me of the Mysore Woodlands in Chicago up on Devon Street.  Casual atmosphere of ordering upon entering, disposable plates & containers, and no traditional server/waitress to deal with.  Food is among the best in Phoenix for South Indian Fare and prices are within reasonable ranges as well.  Staff was very friendly.Location is on the NE corner of Ray & Rural, facing the west.
4	I love this place! I'd love it more if it was a few miles east, that is closer to my house. The dosa was wonderful, the puri with chick peas was divine. The thali was good although the okra was tough. I liked my uttapam but it isn't the best I've had. I would prefer silverware over plastic and plates over paper, oh well. Woodlands is my new favorite stop for Indian food in the valley.
5	What a treasure. I was very impressed with everything. They do use styrofome dishware but it makes for easy cleanup. The atmosphere was really fun. An Indian movie was playing as we ate which added to the atmosphere as well.  Everything was very clean and picked up. The staff were very friendly and helpful as well. The women that helped us explained what all the dishes were and even gave us seconds of our favorite without any extra charge!  I will be a regular here without a doubt. The prices are great too. Highly recommended!
5	Very excited to see this in my 'hood as I used to drive to South Scottsdale to Udupi for the Gobi (Cauliflower) Manchurian and the decadent puffy bread. Who would have thought  you'd crave a cauiflower dish, but you will after you try it. There also is an eggplant dish that is divine. This casual place is the best for vegetarian South Indian food. Can't understand any negative reviews. Friendly staff, condiment bar, and delicious ,food. Don't forget to try a dosa, many to choose from and the speciality of the house.
4	I agree with pretty much all the positive reviews of this place (thumbs up for the dosai, for the lassi, and for the Manchurian vegetables) so I'll just chime in to say try the lemon rice. Holy wow it's good.  The portions are generous, and the prices are pretty typical for food in the 'burbs.  I also agree that you shouldn't go in expecting a "dinner out on the town" experience. I'm intolerably picky about lighting, so we took ours home.  And we just kept pulling containers out of the takeout bag with incredulous expressions.  In addition to the entrees we expected, there was soup, three kinds of chutney, an unexpected side of plain rice... like I said, they aren't stingy.  And in case you missed it: LEMON RICE. It's my new constant craving.
1	Very disappointed. The dosas were greasy, sambar too salty, idlis dense. On top of all this, they are expensive and in no way eco-friendly. All items were served on styrofoam. Since when can restaurants not wash a few dishes? Never returning.
5	After reading reviews, I had trouble deciding what to order.  As a recently converted vegan, I have been shy to leave the house and try eating out, as I am hesitant to trust that all ingredients are vegan.  As it turns out, Woodlands is perfect for people like me!  They have a vegan coded menu, where all vegan dishes are marked with a star, making it that much easier to determine what's "safe" for me to eat.  They have delicious drinks prepared for the mango-lover.  They also have Pepsi products in a fountain.  They use styrofoam plates and cups.  The staff are friendly and prompt.  Our hot dishes were brought to our table 5 minutes or so after ordering.  I sampled three sauces from the chutney bar.  I loved all three!  The green one was spicy and the red one is a creamy tomato.  The black one is like a tamarind sauce with a pop of sour fruit taste.  We ordered Poori bread, which comes with two HUGE puffs of fresh bread!  We couldn't finish it!  The potato dosai was out-of-this-world-good.  If you like aloo naan bread, you will really enjoy this dish!  My friend ordered the eggplant curry, and it was as delicious if not better than my dosai.  Wow!  I am planning to come back again this weekend with the boyfriend.  So delicious!  I can't stop raving to everyone about it!  As a person who enjoys "medium" spiced foods, I was very happy with the level of spicy-ness in the dishes we ordered.
4	I'm not sure when this place opened, but I cannot believe it took me this long to get here!They have a TON of vegan options and several gluten-free options which make them hella-rad in my book! This is a pay-at-the-counter-and-eat-off-of-paper-plates type of place, which is fine by me because it keeps the costs down and the portions large!I had the gobi manchurian (SO AMAZING) and the spiced rice. My dining partner had one of the platters and she was loving every bit of it.I will be back... watch out!
4	I went to this restaurant after a recent health kick, and had heard some good things, so I decided to check it out. The restaurant is more of a order at the counter, fast food looking atmosphere. I ordered the gobi manchurian, and the paper masala dosai. Let me just say, the gobi manchurian is one of the best things I've put into my mouth. And it's vegan! The dosai came to our table, and it was unbelievably big. Humorously so. But really tasty. The staff was really friendly, and I can't get enough of the bollywood music videos. Really great food. Will be back.
4	I am a meat eater, but when I do have to eat vegetarian, I prefer South Indian cuisine.  Woodlands did not disappoint in that department.  I cannot tell you what I ate since my friend did the ordering, but everything was really good.  We had chick peas, a huge bread that took up most of the table, and "hamburger buns" with tasty potato filling.  I am sure I can close my eyes, point at something on the menu and still find the dish enjoyable.  Expect a very casual restaurant where you order at the counter and eat from disposable plates.  This would also be a great place to order take out from.
4	Been to this location many times (both lunch & dinner) and the food is always good and filling.  I'm a huge fan of Indian food (both north & south) and this place is right up my alley.  Great food, great prices, speedy service...and always made to feel welcome by the friendly lady behind the counter.I've even ordered food from here for a company luncheon event and everyone loved it.  Have taken many out-of-town guests here and everyone is always impressed w/the food.  I've been to many other Indian restaurants around the valley...but this is the one I always come back to.The following are some of my favorites from this restaurant:curry eggplantpalak paneermalai koftavegetable manchuriannaandosa
4	I really enjoyed the food here. We stopped in for a casual dinner after being highly recommended. I left happy, and WAY more full than I had anticipated. All those light, airy dhosas are deceptively filling.Another reviewer was on point by saying that this spot isn't really a restaurant, but more of an eatery or dhosa shop. You order at a counter, take a seat, and your food is brought out to you. Pitchers of water are self-serve and there is of course a soda fountain. There is also a chutney bar where you can explore to your heart's content. We brought a sample of each back to the table. Each were delicious and fresh. I got the palak paneer, which was delicious. My friend ordered one of the giant table-sized dhosas, of which they were happy to tone down the spice at her request. All in all, everything was great. The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was the plastic... everything. Our food was served in dixie bowls and all the silverware was plastic. It sort of felt like we were camping. The space is clean and bright, I think some real dishes and silverware would really round this place out. At any rate, I will be back.
4	The place is a cross between a takeaway joint and a diner located in the heart of Chandler, AZ.  Woodlands serves authentic South Indian cuisine. I would certainly recommend the place if you happen to be around Chandler and have a craving for some good Dosas or if really hungry, a South Indian ThaliFour star for AmbienceFive Star for the Food and service
4	once you get past the average looks - the food is great. it also comes quick ... sort of like an indian fast food joint!
3	Oh I am sorry, did you want some food?  This seems to be the common theme at all Indian food places.I walk in, always seem to be the only or 2nd customer and the help seems disturbed they have to work, it is just awkward. This trip was no exception.I walked in and looked at the menu for several minutes having no idea what to get, or how much to get for dinner for 2 hungry men. I decided to start with one of the potato filled triangle crapes, and then for our main dish I got #51 and #51. The first issue we ran into was the soda machine, as they did not expect customers there was no ice in it yet.Our crepe came, it was pretty good, and it came with a cup of sauce which we found out was sauce. A crispy crape with a flavorful potato filling.There are many interesting condiments to add to your food, I really enjoyed the spicy red one with carrots.Our main dishes then came, they looked identical, felt nearly identical and almost tasted the same. they were fried soft chucks of veggie mass covered in a sweet crust and a semi spicy sauce, you could have told me they were Chinese food and I would have believed you.All of the grease was a bit too much for me and I cold not finish.Also $35 for 2 people is a bit steep of a order at a counter place, Main dishes are ~8 and chipati was $2  I would think for 6 one should get both.Please tell me what should I order?
3	We ordered the two dinner combos even though it was lunchtime on Sunday.  The two employees were really slow to take our order yet the food came to our table as soon as we got a pitcher of water and a sample of each thing from the chutney bar.  You bring your own pitcher of water and your own plastic forks and spoons to the table.  We went in starving and left stuffed.  It seemed that more experienced couples ordered just one dinner combo and shared.  That would have made more sense once I saw the amount of food we had.  Plus it would have cost less.  We got no drinks for appetizers and the meal was $21.  I loved the crepe thing with potatoe in it.  Since the menu doesn't really have descriptions I don't know what I ate but everything tasted okay.  I didn't love most of it and I didn't really hate anything.  Not sure I would go back.  It felt almost buffet style without you choosing which things from the buffet you want.  I prefer other Indian Restaurants.
5	Great food, very tasty and fresh!  We loved this place and will definitely go back. Incredibly good food and big portions.  This is heaven for vegetarians I tell you!!
3	Masala Dosai and samosa chaat are legit. Good tasting food, authentic flavor.I drive to Artesia (Pioneer Blvd) sometimes just to fulfill my Indian veggie food cravings (ok not really, but I do visit every time I'm in LA). This place compares favorably to those places. They have some interesting dishes that are like whitified versions of masala dosai, like, pav bhaji dosai? Maybe this really exists in India, I don't know, I wasn't born there and I haven't been there, but I'd like to think I'm very well connected with my parents culture. I appreciate my Indian heritage and culture. Anyways, I was surprised that the pav bhaji dosai was actually really good. Sambar is decent too. Chutney bar is good, but I think its a little lacking.Service is kind of, I don't know, not very welcoming. Typical Indian style. If you're Indian, I think it will suffice, but if you aren't you'll be weirded out. Phoenix really lacks south indian food places, this place somewhat makes up for that. Pricing though is not very appealing at all. ~$10 for a dosa with sambar is WAYYY too pricey. so much so that this might deserve a 2-star, but i gotta show some love for indian food.
2	I am of Indian origin, so I am picky about Indian food at restaurants. I don't eat out much at Indian places, so I haven't tracked ownership changes or what that has done for Indian cuisine. I ordered the malai kofta, which was $8.50. Might have been reasonable if it had come with a decent portion of rice. And had more than 3 kofta balls in that tangy sauce. Or if the extra rice in a thimble wasn't $1.50! I have had giant food portion for $10 at sit down restaurants with amazing ambience. I am not saying the place is expensive, just that the portion was way too tiny even for cheap places. You have to order at the counter, eat off flimsy paper plates that tip over at the slightest touch and clean up after you BUT there is a large tip blank on your bill which you have to sign in front of the attendant. And if you eat at Indian restaurants, you know well about the service that leaves you squirming. Woodlands was no exception. The chutney bar was a decent idea - the tomato chutney was actually good. I have sort of given up on decent sambhar or chutney. I suggest taking the effort to drive out a couple more miles to Little India in Tempe. For 5.99, you get that same quanity of subji, two rotis, large portion of pulav and pickle.
1	This review is mainly for Americans. Indians just get desperate and eat at such junkyards, like me.Firstly, its owned by an Indian and they just want quantity and no quality at all. He did not allow me to order from the kids menu, as I was not under 10 yrs. Yes, he was that desperate and disgusting. Even when I told him that the big dosa is too heavy for me, he didnt budge.Now for the food. Being from Bangalore and Udupi muself, I really know this kind of food. Its like eating a hot-dog when you go into an Italian restaurant. Chutneys cannot be stored for a buffet. Its impossible with the rate at which coconut degrades. Except the tomato one. So your not eating chutney, but just some stale mustard sauce.The food is so lame, I dont know what to say. But the perfect recipe to fool Americans and desperate Indians. Its also too spicy for American standards and thats too bad.Oh and avoid their frozen lassi, its nothing like a mango. India is famous for alphonso mangoes, but this is soooo horrible. Better off at buying mangoes from Costco and eating it raw.
4	i'm not a veggie but i tend towards veggie food and i do love indian food. i loved the chutney bar! the only variety i wasn't crazy about was the tamarind but that could have been just me. the portions are amazing for the price- when they brought a huge plate of air filled naan, we were amazed and impressed:) i have already recommended it a few times and will be returning!
5	The best Indian food in Arizona, bar none, and especially considering the prices and portions. The young guy at the cash register was incredibly nice and gave my girlfriend and I a free mango lassi because he forgot to offer me coffee/tea with my meal! The food was spicy, savory, sweet, and succulent. The chutney bar is a great idea and were likewise delicious. I forgot to tip for all the good food and friendliness, but I'll be back VERY soon and they will certainly have a couple repeat customers (and a generous tip). I highly suggest this restaurant to anyone that loves Indian food (and doubly so to those who are tired of the exorbitant pricing of Indian restaurants in the valley!).
4	I am South Indian by background.  Parents are from South India.  This food is very similar to what my grandmother, from Kanniyakumari, would make....just that my grandmother would not make as elaborate sometimes.  If you were to ask me about the food, I would say it is good, but my grandmother cooked better :-)!!As far as what my wife and I ate, here is the breakdown:1) I had a Mysore Masala Dosai.  This is very traditional from the Mysore area in India, where my mother's side of the family hails from.  The dosai was very similar to what I would eat in India, though a bit more elaborate2) My wife, who is Vietnamese by background, ordered the Spinach Dosai.  She said it was good, as she is used to South Indian food.  I never really did see spinach dosai in India before though.  Regardless, if a person is adventurous, and you are not expecting the standard North Indian Mughlai fare, this place is worth going to.  I would go back. The atmosphere is more like a fast food, or cafeteria, but the food is good.I do not want to compare it to elsewhere, as even I would say other places I have lived in the USA, including Chicago, have South Indian restaurants that can perhaps compete with this place and win.  For the Phoenix area, this is good though.
4	We have lived in the area for 7 years learned of this place only 6 months ago. Turns out it has been open for 3 years upon talking with the gentleman running the place.  My wife is vegan; I am not but always up for tasty grub. This place did not disappoint. I had the #24 Chole Dosai while my wife had the #43 Vegtable Curry.  We also got a side of #57 Malabar Parotta (bread/naan) which is to die for and could be a meal in itself. We were both so impressed with portion size (left overs came home for a much anticipated lunch the following day), flavor (loved the chutney bar), and friendly service. The gentleman on multiple occasions queried about or satisfaction. I give this place a very solid 4; maybe 4.5. The only thing that would make it better in my opinion is the ability to order an Indian beer and if the prices were a little lower. The atmosphere is on the casual, informal side which I like. Our dinner was $20 for 2 with leftovers. Very reasonable for dinner for two.
5	Really good food but not much ambiance.  I was with some Indian co-workers who helped me order gluten free.
3	Went for a late lunch on a saturday afternoon, probably about 1pm. I had to wait for 4-5 minutes for someone to take my order. looked like it was the manager or owner. he was polite. informed me they were out of a few things already. Thought that was poor planning being a holiday weekend and a saturday afternoon, but nonetheless, the food wass fresh and good. The sambar could have been a little thicker and was hoping for the food to be a little hotter (temperature related). Will visit again when I am in town.
4	I must admit, I was pleasantly surprised to have thoroughly enjoyed everything I ordered! I can't remember the last time that happened in a restaurant in the valley.To start, the ambiance is non-existent, so if you want to impress a girl on a first date, this isn't the place. However, if you want to eat food that "wows" you, Woodlands is the place to come.I ordered the samosa as an appetizer, and then the veggie curry, along with an order of malabar parotta bread. The samosa had so many spices in it that it was great on its own, however, there are plenty of delicious chutneys to choose from ( I loved the mint and coconut, there was also a spicy one with chunks of veggies in it that was good). The curry was fantastic, spicy and full of flavor. I get annoyed when I order spicy in an Indian restaurant, and then after looking at me they serve it to me mild - Not here, it was just right. The bread was excellent too, so was the mango lassi, though I really wanted a Taj Mahal - No alcohol here! So besides the cafeteria environment and no alcohol or table service, this place is great, because they serve great food.
5	We tried Masala Dosa , Grill Thali and Mango Lassi, the food was fresh and the taste was it should be, the quantity was very good. We will defienetly go to this restaurant again, I am from North India, but a big fan of South Indian food,
4	First dosa experience and it was wonderful. Definitely going back.
4	OMG, I feel like I'm on a role with finding half-decent Indian food. After being here for over 2 years, I'm either finding some good places or my taste-buds have lost their touch. Since I refuse to believe the later, I was VERY happy with this place. Great place for dosa...finally I don't have to make it myself :) Seriously legit dosa!We ordered rasam, the Grill Thali and a rasmalai. The Grill Thali is about $10 and is a good start if you want a general idea of what to order in the future. It came with masala dosa, idlli, vadai, sambhar, and a sweet (gulab jamun)... great value for what you get. The masala dosa was on par, vadai was made well, idlli was a bit dense and dry, sambhar was flavored well, and gulab jamun was not frozen (I've found way too many places that store it in the freezer and it kills me every time!). The spice level of the rasam was good but felt like it was missing something, possibly tamarind. The rasmalai was made well, but a little bit sweeter than I'm use to. All this for approx $16 for 2...My tummy was happy!Woodlands is not the best place ever, but the dosa was good enough to make me want to come back to try the other types of dosa. Everything else was satisfactory and edible. I've noticed a lot of ppl critiquing the decor, but heck, it looks like a lot of the great places in Artesia (the little India area located in L.A.) so please don't come here if you're going to be critical of the cafeteria style.
5	In the months since I have found this place I have eaten here more than once a week.  I think even if you are not vegetarian they have the best food on this side of town.  The staff are very nice and the orders are filled promptly whether you eat in or carry out.  I have brought all of my friends and family here it is so good.  We have a  running joke that you can just point to the menu and get something.The real standouts to try are:- Gobi Manchurian - deep fried cauliflower- Chenna Batura - Chickpea Curry- Spring Dosa - rice and lentil crepes- Potato Bonda - breaded potato dumplings like samosas.The place isn't super fancy. It's a simple strip mall restaurant with really friendly people.  I don't find this place very expensive and you get a ton of food wether you eat in or carry out ( I've done both many times ). Only one word of caution some of the stuff can be very spicy some days :)So be a little adventurous and try one of the dishes above I don't think you will be disappointed.
5	We are vegetarians and found Woodlands the day we moved to the area. We got the Butter Masala and the vegetable soup (got take-out). The portions were big and prices were good. The Masala was wonderful - creamy, savory, extra tomato-y, and a little bit spicy, which was perfect. I ordered the veggie soup for my lady who was sick that night, and it ended up being the ideal thing. Delicious broth, not too spicy, kind of like the Indian equivalent of a good chicken noodle soup. But vegetarian. We will absolutely be ordering from Woodlands again - what a nice introduction to the Phoenix area!EDIT: We've just ordered take-out from Woodlands again (probably will happen pretty often) and got the Vegetable Curry which was nearly as fantastic as the Masala. The order came with a couple yummy sides: a yogurt sauce and a gingery concoction. We also got the lentil soup this time and wanted to post a WARNING to fellow Yelpers: This soup is SO SO SO SO SPICY, I absolutely love spicy food and couldn't finish it. Not for the faint of heart!
4	Went here for lunch with a coworker, and totally loved it.The service is weak. The decor is weak. The process is confusing. The details are lacking. You get cheap paper plates. If you want water, there's a pitcher. It has about as much ambiance as a Circle K, and it would be easy to think they're doing everything wrong from a restaurant experience perspective.But they totally made up for it with the food. I had the spinach dosai, and it was awesome (and I'm no vegetarian). My mouth is watering right now thinking about it. I wanted to go back for dinner that same day. (I actually want to go back for dinner right now!)
5	So, a carnivore goes into veggie restaurant...No, seriously, this is great stuff. I have a friend who's a veggie and loves Indian food, so when I noticed this place sandwiched between a hair salon and a pizza chain, I had to tell her. We checked it out tonight, and DAMN. The Gobi Manchurian is amazing, especially with the mint chutney. The spinach dosai is very good, but a bit dry (not that that stopped us from fork-fighting over the last bits). This unrepentant flesh-eater went away completely happy and didn't miss the meat at all. Think I'll be coming back at least once a week.
4	Woodlands is one of my favorite places to grab lunch. I first learned about it from a fellow Indian coworker who was vegetarian and that was the only place he frequented.  It's a pretty plain joint (not too big on the decorations, you'll note), but the food is outstandingly flavorful.  Now don't be fooled and think that just because it's vegetarian that it is going to be completely 'healthy'... that is a very common mis-conception and can really eff up your 'diet' if you have that mindset and eat at places like this frequently.. cuz I tell ya, they are pretty generous with not only the portions, but to give food some sustenance, you can bet they use cream or ghee (basically butter) to thicken sauces up and the likes.  This food is flavorful, for sure, but low in calories it is not.I have tried a few of their Thalis (basically sampler dishes which lets you try a variety of things in one sitting and in smaller portions, but still really filling), the Palak Paneer, the Currys, the Aubergine dish called Bharwan Baiga, Gobi Manchuria.. they were all super delicious... though the Aubergine dish is still my favorite!Plan on taking leftovers... oh yeah, and the prices are pretty decent and the staff is pretty good, too.
4	I tried this place based solely on the reviews. Turns out the food was delicious, and the prices are more than reasonable. I paid $8.50 and ended up with enough food to feed three people! I will become a repeat customer, for sure.
4	In Short : South Indian Veg, GREAT taste, Quick Service, Low Price.No ambience, No specific seating arrangements, served in plastics.Details :Every week we used to drive 35miles from Scottsdale to Chandler just to eat in Woodlands and come back. And my roomie always (and always) eats Pongal n Vada, while I try out new dish every week.The food (esp. Dosa(s), pongal and chole ) is of great taste and quality.The quantity is so much more than you could expect.The food comes to your table super quick.The prices are very reasonably low.The owner is very friendly.There is no appreciable (or even noticeable) ambience. The process is: Pay the bill then get the food. No specific seating arrangement. Served in plastics.Bottom Line :: This is a place where you dont take you GF or your boss to impress them.This is a place where you treat yourself with Great food with low cost.Enjoy the taste and forget everything else around you.
5	Ohhhh mama. Just thinking about Woodlands makes my mouth water. I know everything my boyfriend has ever had there he has loved. He tries out new things every time there. I, on the other hand, just stick to what I know and love and crave: the vegetable manchurian. It's spicy, delicious, deep fried vegetables with a nice cold dipping sauce on the side. The price is great for the awesome amount of food you get (one order is usually two dinners for me, sometimes more!). Ambience is lacking, but we tend to take our food to go. I just wish they'd open a location closer to Tempe!
5	Trust me, you don't go here for the ambiance (there is none). Well, unless you count the tons of Indians who frequent the joint or the occasional office troupe that takes over one corner, or the couples in for dinner... well basically it's a good place for anyone. What makes Woodlands stand out from the other Indian places in Chandler (some that DO have 'ambiance') is that Woodlands brings the heat. The chutney bar has a white coconut chutney that both cools and has a slight kick, a red tomato chutney with a low soft burn and good flavor, and my personal favorite, the green mint chutney that will knock your socks off. I only come here for the Dosas, the Masala Dosa and the Mysore Masala Dosa are both very good.It seems to me that they use frozen vegetables, but the masala has never tasted bad so there's really no downside. Everything is nice and hot when they bring it out, although sometimes the sambar (a soup-like dish) might not be if it wasn't as freshly made. Their vadas (spicy, savory fried lentil cakes) are pretty good too. I haven't tried much else but why deviate from what works? The owner is really nice and will chat with you on what to get, family history, etc if you want. I wish they were open later (and on Tuesdays!)If you're used to sit-down 'classy' restaurants and waiter service, well, you might find this place 'lacking' but honestly, these sorts of places focus on what matters - what's on your plate rather than what's on the wall.This IS pretty much as good as it gets in Chandler...
5	What this place lacks in interior design, it makes up for in deliciousness! Like other reviewers have said, this is not a fancy place. The person who takes your order is not the most outgoing guy on earth. If you want water, you grab a pitcher that they probably bought at Wal-Mart and drink your water from a small styrofoam dixie cup. You eat off of styrofoam plates and bowls. I don't care. The food is awesome and you get a ton of it for the price. I'd eat at this place if I had to sit on the floor and eat with my hands.I always order the palak paneer - it's very good and super spicy. I love it so much I'm afraid to try anything else. The meal comes with rice (I'm not sure if they all do though,) if you want bread it's extra. Great food, and well worth the drive to Chandler!
5	Easily the best indian food in Arizona.
5	My wife and I come here frequently and always get the vegetable curry. Keep up the good work!
5	If you are vegetarian, this is an oasis in this desert!   If you just crave something outside of the norm, this is the cure. The food is spicy and delicious!  Prices for specialty food are decent!  The decor is not exceptional, and the utensils are plastic, but the quality of food makes up for it.  I have had the Paper Masala Dosai, Paneer Dosai, Vegetable Curry, Vegetable Manchurian (my favorite), Vegetabel Byriani, Vada Pav and they were all delicious!  I recommend you go with a friend so you can try a couple of things. They have a chutney bar that is quite delicious and adds yet another layer of flavor.
3	Pretty good food overall.   There's a chutney bar as well.  However, if you're looking for a nice sit down place, this is not what you're looking for.  Everything is served in styrofoam.  But if you're just looking for some good  grub you can get it ehre.
5	Dosas! !
5	Yummy. So great for vegans too as everything is labeled!
5	My wife and I wanted to check this place out after reading some of the reviews on Yelp. First, because we're trying to watch what we eat these days, and also, to try something different.  We were not disappointed.  We aren't too familiar with Indian food, and other than the usual curries and lentils, we had no idea what most of the stuff was on the menu.  Rest assured, the food was fantastic, but perhaps a bit spicy for my wife since she is not accustomed to hot foods.  In any case, the food was filling, spicy, and tasty.  If you are looking for something different and something healthy and vegetarian, give this place a try!
4	My first impression....wasn't too good as it looked not so good...they really should fix up the place.The food on the other hand...great vegetarian menu....dosa was tasty. Had also dahl with rice...very good. They even have choices of chutney. I do recommend to anyone....even meat eaters.
5	Finally writing a review after I have been eating here for a couple years now.  This place is hands down the best south Indian food you will find in the valley.  They do such an incredible job with the spices.  The owner is really nice, he remembers that I cannot eat raw onions.  They did not even know that they were nominated for best vegetarian restaurant this year in the New Times, it was just business as usual.  Do not go here expecting to have a fine dining experience, you order at the counter, either take it to go, or sit in the dinner atmosphere and eat some crazy good food!  Friendly atmosphere, lots of families in to eat.  Everything is great, but the paneer butter marsala is one of my favorites.
5	One word for this place: yummmmy! I give 5 stars for the food. We had the chole masala dosi and pav bhaji masala dosi and they were delicious!
5	Love this place!!
5	This is top-notch, delicious food.  My friend from Mumbai told me that it is as "authentic as you can get here in the US" and I believe her.  Here's the thing:  heretofore I couldn't eat Indian food, whereas my wife would have had it fed to her intraveneously if possible.  Now, when we go to Woodlands, I eat everything and LOVE IT!!!!  Paneer is phenomenal.  Chenna Battura (sp?) brings a tear to my eye just thinking about it.  I have ordered, devoured, and thoroughly enjoyed about 3/4 of the menu.  To further expound:  I could give a crap about ambiance, as long as I am not in a dangerous or filthy place.  Woodlands is immaculately clean and in an upscale Chandler location.  Really could not care less about the lack of interior decor or the fact that they use styrofoam cups and plates (which, from what I understand, is a significant "upgrade" from what you can expect in a South India marketplace).  Not here for a luxurious dining experience.  Just to eat.  And eat I do, in a clean, friendly, well-served location that offers delicious, authentic Indian food.  PS:  if you ever travel outside the US you'll find that about 98% of the world doesn't eat in restaurants like our spoiled fat butts--they eat in a market or order from street vendors.  Compared to this, Woodlands is off the chart in terms of luxury and taste.  And, again, compared to all other Indian food (which I could not eat before), this is the best.  Prices cannot be beat.  GO THERE AND CHECK IT OUT!!!!
5	My favorite Indian takeout place in the Valley. I specify takeout because I wouldn't necessarily eat there at the restaurant (as other people have mentioned, the decor is kind of generic and odd). The FOOD, however. MAN. SO GOOD. I especially recommend the butter paneer masala. Pretty reasonable priced, too.
4	Very nice setup, great food and service And very reasonable prices.
5	Looks can be deceiving. The interior is, well- it's a restaurant and they have tables. That's about as fancy as it gets. However, the food is absolutely incredible. The service is quick and excellent. The owner is very polite and helpful.The Butter Paneer Masala and Manchurian Vegetable are my two favorites, and everything I've had has been stellar. First impressions can be a little off-putting, but once you try their dishes, the ambiance doesn't seem to matter.
4	Woodlands serves freshly cooked indian food at very affordable prices at around $7-10 per each main dish. My friends who are originally from India recommended this place and took me here while I was in town visiting them to enjoy some great South Indian Dishes. There's a small chutney bar where you can get your favorite chutney just to snack on or to dip your favorite bread/crepe in thee, too.We order Chole Batura, Saag Paneer, Masala Dosa and Chole Chaat + Mango Lassi...they tasted terrific! :)The store is very low key and the ambiance isn't that great (there are just around 10 tables at most and you may end up sitting in front of the restrooms), but the food is super fresh and tasted great! (made from scratch daily and upon your order!).
5	Very good tasty food. Not too spicy for my taste. Compare to Little India, a little too spicy for me.Here r what we ordered:Spinach Dosai, if u r into spinachChenna Batura, 5 stars for meMini Masala Dosai, big portion, 4 stars for mePaneer Butter Masala, 5 stars, taste like meat dish but it is notWe will try other stuff on the menu for our next visit.
5	Possibly the only vegetarian place I will eat regularly. I initially wanted to work through the entire menu but started craving items I enjoyed I started going back to them. Lunch specials are super filling for the price. Plates and stuff are cheap but whatever the food makes up for it. Oh yes and the chutney bar is awesome! And the pickled hot stuff whatever it is is so bomb. I could eat a bowl of just that!
5	OK, don't plan on being impressed with the atmosphere. You will be served on paper plates.  However, what is put on those paper plates in divine nectar! This is a big step above the original/famous Woodlands restaurant in Rishikesh (unrelated,I asked the owner in Rishikesh, & he is LIVID about all the imitations!) The food here is amazing. BEWARE: closed Tuesdays! (drove 2 hours from Chino Valley one time to find that out the hard way) Also, please note that "South Indian" means HOT. If you want it mild,you need to tell them. The owners are very sweet & attentive,as well as the Mexican waitress. Always packed full of Indian customers = authentic. The only Indian restaurant I found in AZ to compare to this one is the Govindas in Tucson. This is a family run business (the owners are the cooks,& you can watch them prepare the food) Best food,best price. Very clean. I love Indian food,& this place is great.
5	My couple friends from India spoke badly of this place.  However, upon reflection, I can't think of a time where any Indian friends, have ever given a favorable review of any Indian restaurants.      I ate here and loved it.  I got the Dosa with spinach filling.  Of course I doused it with with tons of chutneys too.  I loved it.  Nice and spicy!  Every Indian I know always compares it with their mothers cooking.  Of course each Indian is from a very specific part of India and the cooking varies regionally.  So I guess I can no longer listen to my Indian friends regarding Indian restaurant reviews.  I mention this because I think it might be a cultural phenomenon, which many others might confirm....?
4	Service is fast. Paneer dosa, idlis and some curry which the owner recommended were good. Ambiance not that great and better for take out than dine in. The cost is reasonable but for some reason I felt I was overcharged on two occasions.
4	The food is absolutely amazing.However, keep in mind it's SOUTH indian food, which means it's on the spicy side.I had the lemon rice and also the Dosa with spinach filling.  Of course I doused it with with tons of chutneys too. (Sorry Scott B, I plagerized from your review) I loved it.  Nice and spicy!  I also got the cauliflower with chili sauce.  YUM!!!Don't expect ambiance, it's all about the cooking.My Indian friend loves it, she raves about this and drives from N Phoenix to the Woodlands about once a week.  Definitely go and give it a try!
2	Good South Indian food. Casual seating but that's fine when you don't need fancy place but want good vegetarian dosasMy last visit was not pleasant though.. there are lots of flies inside the restaurant especially on top of chatani area. Not very appetizing!
5	Absolutely love, love, love Woodlands food! Feel at home there. Finger-licking delicious food. Authentic. Yummy. Quick, concise and to the point. This is my new favorite spot. Referring friends here.
4	Fantastic food.   One star off for spork.  Really? How do you eat Indian with a flimsy plastic spork?  Get real dinnerware and I will change report to five stars.
5	I work at Intel down the road and me and my coworker order from this place once a week! The Palak Paneer, Masala Butter Paneer, and the Gobi Manchurian are freaking AMAZING! The guy at the counter which i believe is the owner is always really nice, and says, "Hey you're that guy from Intel, you still working?" We usually call up the order and go pick it up 15 minutes later. Definitely highly recommend this place if you like Indian food.
5	This place has the yummiest Indian food I've tried so far (in SF/bay area & in PHX). It's all vegetarian, which is good, because it's really hearty fare - you'll walk out feeling overstuffed! I usually get either the dosa special or the grill special, both of which are like a mini-buffet for one (includes the main dishes, dessert, and for dinner, tea/coffee.) The dosa special is exactly the same for lunch & dinner, so I usually get it for lunch, and the grill one is better for dinner (a couple of extra sides compared to lunch.)At lunch, sometimes the chutney bar isn't completely ready yet, but it's always been stocked at dinner time. Also, the focus is definitely on the food and not the decor or tableware. The one odd thing about this place is that the kitchen staff seems to speak in Spanish... I'm assuming that the food is more authentic than not though since I'm usually the only non-Indian there at dinner time...
3	Oh, the food. I would say it is on par with Anandas. It is spicy, more of a kick than seems typical, but I like it like that. Where I start deducting points first is the overuse of styrofoam and the very non-sustainable serving process. Most everything is served in styrofoam, even the drinks. The eating utensils are very small and very flimsy plastic. This is a deal breaker. I can forgive the non-friendly demeanor of the guy behind the counter, and the below par ambiance. But considering they're investing very little in the experience, the prices should also reflect this. Love the food, really tuned off by everything else.
4	I literally could NOT STOP EATING! I ordered the Chenna Batura, otherwise, curried garbanzo beans with puffy bread or even easier, #33. It was so satisfying that I ordered a second one to go so I could take it home and indulge over the weekend. The decor and ambiance was not the greatest, but really, who cares when the food is to die for. I will be making this my official "Place to go when I can not decided what I want to eat" because I know it will always be satisfying no matter what type of food I am in the mood for.
5	I ate here for the first time today with a friend who is a vegetarian/vegan - I however am not so I was skeptical.  I ate my words and my weight in paneer butter masala - the food was sooooo  good! We also had the dosa and the flat naan like bread (I don't recall the name) but I couldn't stop eating it was all so delicious. The chutneys where good and I loved the coconut the best although spice they had some delicious flavors - definitely a new favorite spot!
2	I was stuck in a remote town in the desert of Arizona and desperate for some real food so we found this Indian restaurant listed about 40 minutes away and began the trek. Woodlands is a vegetarian South Indian restaurant located in Chandler, Arizona about 20 minutes south of Phoenix.When we arrived, we immediately realized it wasn't all I thought it would be. Located in a strip mall, it was a tiny little take-out joint with inside seating for about 20. We took a look at the menu and were pleased to see items that were marked "vegan" so we ordered and took a seat at a booth. The restaurant had a plain interior with cheap tables and black chairs. Towards the back, there was a toppings bar with lots of options. We chose the hot peppers to add to everything we had ordered and waited for our food.We started with the Iddly steamed rice and lentil cakes. These plain, mostly flavorless cakes were served with a somewhat-runny sauce that left much to be desired. That's not to mention that everything was served on styrofoam plates, which I only tend to see in cities in the middle of nowhereland. So weird.For our entrees, we ordered two curries. I had the Vegetable Curry that had green beans and cauliflower in a coconut-tomato-based curry. My friend ordered the Dhall Curry, which had lentils with mustard, cumin, and spices. Neither of them were anything special.  And we also asked for super spicy, but they weren't spicy at all.We also ordered the Parotta Kurma, which turned out to be really odd. They took the bread and sliced it up into pieces, then put a red curry on it. The bread was chewy and slightly spicy, but just odd.All in all, it wasn't worth the drive out. The guy at the counter wasn't very helpful or personable. The meal was mediocre at best. And the entrees at $8.50 each really could be priced less for what we received. Oh, and the styrofoam and paper plates for those dining in the dining room were pretty tacky.
1	Well, this is how I first felt when I got my food - Food on STYROFOAM plates and cups? Seriously? I feel guilty to spoil mother earth with so much plastic shit! The food is not cheap, why cannot they serve food on the proper plates and cups? I guess it was not a good day to go to Woodlands for us, we ordered masala dosa, idli and vada combo. Dosa was only cooked one side and when I told the lady about it she told me something ridiculous thinking I do not know how to make dosa myself. And idlis were not bad but vada had that stale oily smell. You know what I mean right?? My hubby ordered bisibelebath(his all time fav) which was not bisi( means hot) at all. It was cold. I am NEVER EVER going to this place. All you GREEN LOVERS out there, I highly recommend avoiding this place to avoid seeing so much plastic plates, cups, spoons, forks.. etc. And believe me the prices are comparable to other Indian restaurants out there. Its a bummer that it is so bad. Me being a vegetarian, I will have one less place to choose.
1	Horrible experience. Can't understand the high ratings. I am from south India and grew up this kind of food. First of all its criminal to make chutney, leave it out in a bar (esp. cocunut) and expect people to go get it. Next, all their food is served in styrofoam plates and plastic cups - that too tiny in size. I recommended a friend of mine (US guy) to have a "thali" so that he could have a more complete experience. Their "thali" came in a stack of two styrofoam plate layers. It was a joke. No one (incl. me) knew how to eat the food. To call this a south indian restaurant will be a criminal offense. Their lassis were untouchable. Extremely sour from having left outside and probably spoilt. To use Woodlands name and make a mockery of it is so sad.
5	One of my favorite places for take out. The menu has lots of selections and it's a vegan paradise! The food is consistently outstanding. Try it all! The vegetable curry is my favorite!
5	This is South Indian fast food, but prepared in an actual kitchen and with a sit down area. But the food is served hot and fresh and the portions are great. Prices are low and they have a chutney bar - what's not to love? I had the lunch thali with dosa, vadai and idli and payasam for dessert. The sambar was okay, but the winners were the three chutneys. Excellent food served quickly.
4	Yes! Now this is some good south Indian food!South Indian food is pretty different from North Indian food. Most people think of chicken tikka and palak paneer when they think of Indian food. South Indian food is almost always vegetarian, even vegan, and uses some different spices so the flavor can be pretty different.Woodlands is small, the restaurant lacks ambiance, and the interior can be dirty. That being said, the food is fresh, well seasoned, and yummy. My favorite appetizer is iddly (steamed rice and lentil patties that are very simple in flavor but should be dipped in sambar, which is easily described as a spicy vegetable soup). Vada are deep fried pieces of lentil and flour dough that are also dipped in sambar.For entrees, a masala dosa is a wonderful thin crepe like bread stuffed with potatoes (also served with sambar). Woodlands has lots of different types of dosa if you feel adventurous; I like the mysore masala dosa as it's a bit spicier. Vegetable uthappam looks like a big pancake and it's covered in veggies (again, served with sambar!). This is really yummy and filling. I haven't had the other entrees here but I will definitely be trying the uppuma, channa batura, and poori masal. I would give this place 5 stars for food, especially in Phoenix where Indian restaurants are few and far between, but the dirty interior knocks it down a star. That being said, if you set reasonable expectations, I think you'll be glad you gave Woodlands a try.
5	A very good place to taste South Indian food. Staffs are very friendly.
4	Fantastic little Indian food restaurant. Don't be discouraged by the strip mall location or the abundant use of paper cutlery and styrofoam. What it lacks in pomp, it makes up for in flavor.I ordered Palak Paneer with white rice and it tasted like heaven, especially paired with my friend's Paneer Butter Masala. The samosas are also a must, paired with savory and sweet sauces from the chutney bar.All in all, four stars. I would be happy to recommend this place to friends.
4	How about some veggie type dishes? Here is a great place to make your kids or adults eat some type of veggie - with a couple notches of spiciness! This time around I ate the masala dosa which is a crispy like crepe filled with a potato mix $8, a paneer dosa - rice crepe filled with layers of paneer and onion $8. Also Paneer butter masala curry made with tomato onion in sauce with homemade cheese (the paneer) $9. Ended lunch with carrot halwala dessert made with shredded carrots, dried fruit and milk and sweets less than $3
5	I have been looking out for a very long time to have parotta and kurma in the US and to my astonishment I found this place right across my house. I 'm sure this place would  give you a " being in India" kinda feeling  the moment you enter  .
2	This place is very mediocre, my daughter almost puked on the mango Lassi, the poori with masala was not  just not right. Oh never get the chai here because  it tastes stale.. They need to start sprucing up the place. .
4	Really excellent food. The malai kofta is as good as any I have ever had. They have several choices of dosa. Their mint chutney tastes fresh and delicious (and is not too spicy, for those who want it milder). And yes, who does not love a chutney bar? The guy at the counter is not super friendly, and the place is certainly not fancy. The food, however, is terrific! It is as good as any really good Indian restaurant (Indian food is my favorite!), and the service is very fast. I noticed a lot of people there getting takeout, and also noticed half of their clientelle was Indian.
5	This place is my family best place to go. Everyone loves their mango lassi and dosas.
5	If you want true South Indian food that is AMAZING then this is your place. The decor is nothing spectacular but your here for the food so who cares!
5	There are a few times in life when you're just a happy Adolescent Indian girl who's just trying to find some darn good home style Indian cooking. Dis be the place people!!!I strongly recommend Woodlands. South Indians will love their Vadais and the myriad selection of Dosas. I also recommend their Chili Paratha and the Gobi Manchurian. The owner is a friendly family guy and definitely will not leave your poor stomach growling! Go to Woodlands people, why are you still reading this. ;)
1	Customer service is ridiculous!!' Found a strand of hair in their dosa, and the guy said "since you've already eaten it, I'm sorry, I cannot do anything!" Never visiting this place again!!!
4	I was pleasantly surprised with their chutney bar, wow, so many amazing chutneys to try. I can't really comment on the hot factor since I don't really consider a ghost pepper to be particularly hot, so you're on your own there. The giant dosa we received was filled with a potato filling, and was very delicious. The paneer butter masala was creamy and flavorful, but not overpowering. The customer service was very friendly and they seem to have very cheap lunch specials that allow you to sample some of their best dishes!
4	The dosa here is fantastic! Decor is lacking though, and prices are a tad steep. Everything else here is great though!
