4	Great place to work out at. Friendly staff and nice area. And you can find me here 4 days a week working out. =)
3	Needs some new equipment
4	If I'm ever in the area, which I am a lot of times when I'm getting gas from Costco or getting my grocery needs at Trader Joe's, I will remember to pack my gym gear and pop-in for a quick cardio or workout.The 6 REASONS that makes this facility worth visiting:x Cleanlinessx Newer, Robust Machinesx Spacious layoutx Covered parking (life saver during hot days)x Nice and clean locker roomx Clean, fresh oxygen (no BO from fellow gym rats) (on Weekends anyways)The 1 REASON that might turn you off:x No racquetball courts, no big deal for me because I rely on other locations for thatOverall, I am very satisfied with everything that is provided here.
4	Nice clean atmosphere.newer equipment.it gets really crowded from 4 to 8 on weeknights though.only 2 complaints are that sometimes the employees try to sell you personal training when you do not want to be bothered.they start out with a friendly approach to try to trick you into thinking they are just being helpful.they'll ask you questions about your work out routine and then start the hard sell.also the people who clean the gym have no respect for your personal space.there have been afew times that I was on a cardio machine and the janitor will vacuum right around your machine while you're on it banging into it with the vacuum several times.it is the nicest l.a. fitness I've been to in arizona.overall a good place to work out.
5	Nice gym compared to other ones they have around town.
3	I really liked this gym back in the day when I would go here. They got a lot of good equipment for the serious lifters like me and my friends. They do get busy though in the evenings so be prepared. The only issues with this gym is how many peoples lockers got broken into and car thefts that would occur. If you have to take anything of value such as wallets or phones keep them with you and do not trust these locker rooms or leaving them in your car. I'm no conspiracy theorist but when lockers are constantly being broken into it makes you wonder if someone is putting in overtime. Gym is usually really clean during the daytime and overall seems to be taken care of.
2	This review is based soley on how TERRIBLE I feel the staff is.  I've been a member for years now and use to go to the LA fitness on Bell rd and 57th ave and the staff there was super friendly.  They actually seemed to care about your goals and help you and give you advice.  Although the equipment at the 83rd and union location is great the staff is NOT friendly.  They all seem like they don't want to be there and if you ask them anything it's as if you are bothering them.  I had wanted to get a body fat test done using one of those machines and DOUG the "sales manager" was literally sitting at his desk with his legs propped up on the table and he was on his phone doing who knows what ( definitely not work related) I asked him if I can get my body fat tested and he has this dumb look on his face like I had asked him to do the impossible.  He then proceed to sit there and point behind him and say "oh the machine is over there" and after I just stood there for about a minute he finally got up went and opened some drawers and says "oh I can't find it I don't know where she put it... sorry" and then went back to his desk and pulled out his cell phone again.  He's SO UNPROFESSIONAL.  Don't get me started on how unfriendly the trainers are either.  The cleaning staff is friendly and the front staff is friendly, but it seems like everyone is cranky and hates their jobs.  This has turned me off so much with how lack luster they are that i'm considering changing gyms.
3	Good place to workout. Just avoid peak hours because it can get super packed!!! I would give it 4 stars if they would update the TVs or the cardio equipment. The weight machines are good enough and there is a good sized weight area. Overall a solid, clean, gym.
3	LA fitness' business model will make you cringe. The sales process feels like buying a used car from a shady, high pressure guy. Same goes for personal training. Beware that purchasing training there involves signing a contract.That being said, the facility is maintained well for the most part. Could it be cleaner? Yes. I have seen worse, though. They have a good selection of classes. I really enjoy most of the yoga instructors (one of them I just don't prefer, but that's a personal taste thing). Any class taught by Sayuri is challenging and well organized.The pool is also well kept, and rarely busy. They have a steam room and hot tub as well.Overall, it's a good value for the price I pay, but I can't look at the sales area without my skin crawling.
1	my daughter and I joined la fitness in Glendale az. we canceled our membership . ii have received no less than 20 calls about our account...I have told them many times .we do not want the membership and to check their computer and they keep calling from different phone numbers ..very upsetting
