5	I've been using Island Life Pools now for a while and Rod the owner is very thorough and knowledgeable.  His prices are fair and always shows up on the day he says he will and does automatic billing and charges my credit card monthly to make it easy for me.  This is my first pool so I don't know much about maintaining it but he makes is easy for us.
5	Some people want more cowbell in their lives. They're stupid. What they really want but don't know they want is more Island Life Pools and Spas. Let me tell you a little bit about my experience with them.Disclaimer: This was my experience. Yours may be different.  Alternative Disclaimer: I'm moving this week and, while I will no longer have my own pool, I'm considering hiring him anyway just to come stand around shirtless on my new balcony as a draw to bring the fly hunnies up to my place. Second Alternative Disclaimer: Jealous husbands, I've never seen him be anything but uberly professional so don't sweat my jokes. Ok, so, biweekly or monthly depending on my memory, Rod has saved my pool from being a swamp-thang by dealing with the many things regarding this pool about which I'm too incapable of learning and altogether too happy to pay him to deal with... So he comes, and, this last week, knowing it was the week of the relationship that has gone on so long but not long enough in either my own or the pool's estimation, I heard through the open porch window that the pool was weeping hearty sobs and that there was a flower blooming out of the top step. And I said, Pool, Dearest Pool, why oh why do you weep and from where and how did this little guy sprout, considering you're chlorinated and all... and the pool paused, and said it didn't know for sure but it did remember that one salty tear had fallen from Rod's eye that last day he loved the pool in the exact spot the little guy arose but that what was most sorrowful was that the pool saw its own pristine beauty reflected back in Rod's eyes and knew that era had come to an end. So I did the only moral thing. I left Rod's card taped to the fridge and put a note telling the new owner that no one could ever love this pool they way he did. The way he probably always well if I know him at all. So yes, the rates are rock solid and in line with the service you get. He'll come to you. You never need to haul your pool into him. He goes almost everywhere throughout the valley. He's reliable. He's knowledgable. He's a small business owner doing his thing and that's who we should be supporting, Yelp. In my opinion at least. If you need pool help, this is your guy.
5	I've been using Rodney for about 6 months and never had a problem since I started with him He keeps my pool working like it should. I would definitely refer him to anyone! My pool is clean my chemicals are right and when I have a problem with equipment he fixes it at a reasonable price!
5	They do a great job. Always show up when they're suppose to.  My pool water looks clean & clear.  Very fair prices.  Very friendly & professional.  I always recommend their services to all pool owners in our neighborhood.
5	Rod = A++ service and standards.  Very friendly, honest, hard working, and diligent.  My pool motor went out while my husband was away and he quickly ordered the part and had it fixed in no time.
5	Fantastic! Great! Amazing! We found Rod using Yelp, and boy am I glad we did! We are new home owners and didn't have any idea where to start with our pool. Rod makes our pool and hot tub what they should be-- clean, balanced and relaxing! He's speedy, quite, and tolerates our yappy mutt. I highly recommend him and his company for all your pool service needs.
5	Great service! I recently bought my first home over the summer. I let the pool sit for 3 weeks, thinking, no big deal. I returned home after a vacation to find a swamp in my backyard. It was a murky green pond with thousands of tadpoles. I panicked and that's when I found Rod on Yelp. Rod was able to restore the pool back to sparkling clear blue in a matter of a few weeks (tadpole-free)! I was worried I was going to have to drain my pool (a more expensive and onerous option).  I am thanking Yelp because I found this business and now I love my pool. Rod is very professional, efficient and very knowledgeable. Prices are very fair. I don't know much about basic pool care, as this is my first pool, but I'm very pleased I found someone I can rely on to keep it clean and sparkling!
5	Island Life Pools is an awesome company.  I totally recommend.  They are affordable, and the guy that I talked to, Rod, was really nice.  He knew what he was talking about and had somebody come out that same day for me.  So cool!
5	Very impressed with the practical advice that Island Life uses and advises by. First choice in maintenance and service recommendations.
5	I'll start off by saying I've never actually hired them to do service.  I had an issue with my pool not recirculating the water appropriately and gave him a call on a Sunday (today).  He could make it in a couple days but asked I send him pictures of my equipment to see if he could help via phone.  Within an hour we had the thing up and running at no cost.  Very prompt service.  Just for the phone help on a Sunday alone I'll be using their service in the future with any upgrades or repairs needed.Absolutely recommend.
5	On, time, good service, and affordable. Calls back promptly, and technically very proficient.
5	Amazing service.  Came out same day I called and fixed the problem in less than 24 hours.  What a lifesaver Rod is!!!  Cudos!
5	Rod got back to me right away when I first inquired about service.  Our pool has never looked better since using his service! Island Life Pools is dependable and has fabulous customer service.
5	Tired of the run around? Spending too much money and your pool is still green? Relax, you have found the right company!I know that sounds like a marketing pitch but, it's all true. If you read further you will understand why this pool company is the best in Arizona. I would recommend them to anyone, ANYONE!Two weeks ago I discovered that my pool was green with insects breeding. Being not a fan of insects, I jumped at the first pool technician I saw to help me. That was the wrong decision because that guy ended up making matters worse.So, I decided to seek advice from a pool store. The pool store should be knowledgeable about pools, right? Well, $500 in the hole and new arm muscles later, my pool still wasn't working right. The pool wasn't circulating and it is monsoon season. I was in dire need of relief (financially and physically). With desperation, I found Rod. He made an appointment to assess my pool. He discovered that a few of the valves were not on. Not only that! He made sure my vacuum and water heads were working properly. Additionally, he gave me advice that will help over the next few days. As he left he said to call him for the big stuff like if something breaks anything else is fixable over the phone. Honestly, he is a lifesaver. If I have any issue, big or small, Rod will be the only person I use moving forward. He is very knowledgeable about pools and it comes across in conversation. I truly believe he loves his job. I am so grateful for his service. Thanks Rod!!!
5	With all the monsoons recently, I had a very poor cleaning pool system that couldn't keep up.  Called up Island Life Pools & Spas to get a checkup on my system to see if there was something I needed to do different.  Rod was very flexible in appointment setting and very punctual to my house.  He did some trouble shooting along with some great explanations how everything works.  He discovered that my impeller was basically clogged full of debris.  After he cleaned it out, the system worked at the proper PSI unlike it has ever before (previously only ran at 4 PSI, now it's at 16 PSI where it should be).  My filter system is now up and running properly all thanks to Rod.  He also gave me a lot of free advice that was much appreciated for a first time pool owner.  Great guy and business, highly recommend Island Life Pools & Spas!  Thanks for the awesome service!
1	They don't really do Chandler or I assume the East Valley.  Called them about servicing the filter and media replacement.  In addition I agreed to the $99/month rate to maintain my pool.  Then he said it..."I have a Sub Contractor I use in your area" - Needless to say, the "Sub" never bothered to call.  These guys might be great if you get them, but if you're in the East Valley, save yourself the time and call someone else, because you are not getting these guys even though they claim to support the area.*Edit*I was told I was unduly harsh as it was the sub-contractor not Island Pool that never followed up with me.  So let me be clear, the review is because they advertise that they service the Chandler area, I was not referred to a different provider, I was told they worked together.  You can make your own judgment call.
5	GREAT NORTHWEST PHOENIX POOL CARE AND REPAIR!!! I had a breakage problem with my p/c pipes and in floor cleaning system. I tried reaching my pool company of 10 years but they said it would be 4-5 days before they could assist me. At the recommendation of a friend, I tried Island Life Pools and Spas. The company looked at the problem that day and the very next day fixed the pipes and the pool runs great. I highly recommend Island Life for their fast service, quick repair, and fantastic pricing! After this amazing experience with the repair, I am going to use them for maintenance in the future.
5	My pool pump wasn't working efficiently.... I contacted my home warranty (Old Republic) and they sent me someone that had really bad review on Yelp... so I canceled it and then searched on Yelp... and found this guy. He came down on the same day and gave me free advice... and cleared up some debris in the pump... and guess what? My pump is working PERFECTLY now! He charged me NOTHING for that advice! Thanks Yelp and this guy knows a lot more than my "usual" pool guy from Leslie... :)
5	I've been ignoring Yelp for too long but when my pool ran into some issues I found Island Life Pools and after Rod came out realized i needed to get back into leaving reviews.  The positive experiences on Yelp were spot on and Rod was very pleasant to work with.  I'm relatively new to pools and since purchasing our home I never had our system inspected.  Rod walked through our system, pointed out some issues but at the end of the inspection he summed up the system as adequate and since it isn't broken at this time his philosophy is not to fix it.  It's always a welcome relief to meet someone with honesty and integrity so as a result when it's time to upgrade my system I will be coming back to Rod to get the job done.
