4	This isn't my favorite Avis location.  The reason I like using them is that generally they're close to the airport.  No such luck here.  They are in the same terminal with most of the  other rental cars.  If you're a regular renter, you can just check the board for your name and head downstairs and pick up your car.  The map they provide is helpful, it lists most of the major hotels in Phoenix.
3	Hit and miss.  I rent a lot of cars because I do a lot of long distance driving and would rather not put the miles on my car.  Avis always has the cheapest rates and in particular this Avis because it is the airport location and obviously gets a lot of business.Word of advice - how they apply their "policies" all depends on the agent you see at the counter .  The old bitter women usually won't honor free upgrade coupons, they won't let you pick your car from the available ones, they won't let you pay with a different credit card from the one on the reservation, and generally give a huge hassle about everything. But the younger guys that work there are great.  They don't care and will generally do anything you ask.  I had one guy give me a free upgrade to a luxury car because they didn't have a compact car that I had reserved (could have easily given me a standard).  Most recently, I had used a free upgrade coupon to go from a compact to a standard and the guy gave me the choice between a SUV, a convertible Solstice, and a hard top Mustang. . .for the $15/day that I had reserved the compact for!So between all my experiences, average of 3 stars.
2	This is probably the 4th time I've rented a car from Avis at PHX. A rental car is a rental car. How can that get screwed up? Well, I picked up my car at 12:30 am or so. Went to Avis counter at Sky Harbor. 1 person on counter helping someone with directions. Another person walking around straightening furniture... Stood there in line (I was the only one in line) for at least 15 min only to be told I should go downstairs to the preferrred customers and someone can help me there. Same BS. waited, finally got my car. My mistake was I asked for directions to a hotel close by. I was given directions that took me around the city and back before reaching the hotel. (hotel is 5 minutes away from airport exit). My fault of course, should have relied on my gps. When returning the car, no attendant in site. left my car.... went to counter...they said, "oh, we can email you the receipt...." I'd pay a few dollars more next time to receive service than to pay less and get little service.. Old Saying YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR and boy did I learn
1	Except the car is in good sharp, there is no customer service.  When I was at different lane to get out, the AVIS associates was sitting at the gate without walk to my lane and check me out.  Instead, I have to back the car, move to the lane they were sat.  Speak with horrible tone and rude.  Moreover, they said if I pass 1 min of my return time, they will charge me for a extra day.  Avoid AVIS, Hertz gave me much better experiences.
1	First time with Avis -- and decidedly the last. My boyfriend and I booked a rental for an upcoming trip and didn't receive a confirmation email. We called to request another sent to us and were puzzled when the reservation was lost, but more so when the customer service agent was unwilling to help us locate it. Our puzzlement turned to indignation when the "lost" reservation somehow ended up charging my boyfriend's credit card just fine.A week and a half later, the reservation is still MIA, they have not reimbursed any of the charges, and no explanation has been forthcoming. Thankfully the credit card company was notified early on, so if Avis's inept business practices persist, we won't be held accountable.
1	Never again. I have to go to Avis because they're one of my company's "preferred" vendors, but I'll have to make an exception next time. Service was mediocre. However, when I got to the car to my surprise it was a tiny little Chevy Aveo, which I imagine is an automobile only used for rentals, since no one in their right mind would purchase a vehicle like that. If that wasn't bad enough the car wasn't cleaned; filthy inside and out, the clock in the car was about 7 hours off, there was no power steering, and the navigation system kept on falling apart almost causing me to get in an accident every time I took a turn. I'd recommend any other car rental co over Avis.
4	Sky Harbor International is a unique airport in that the rental car companies are located off premises in a separate building. However, I found that not to be a problem. Sky Harbor provides shuttle buses to the rental car building. The shuttle bus area is well marked and they even have people helping you get on the shuttle buses. Finding Avis Rent A Car was a breeze.The Avis counter is well designed and well laid out. If you're a regular Avis customer then you can locate your name on the board and then proceed on downstairs to your rental car. This was my first time with Avis so I had to check in at the counter.The counter people were helpful and friendly. As is common in this industry they do all they can to sell you upgrades and extra insurance. However, I always bring along a copy of my auto insurance and I hold my ground about the upgrades.After check in you proceed downstairs to your rental car. If you have luggage you are advised to use the elevator. After seeing a woman and her luggage thrashed on an escalator in Frankfurt airport I can understand this policy.In the downstairs area Avis has a coded system to help you locate your rental car. My key was in the car door. A very nice young lady helped me set up my GPS system and gave me directions to my Phoenix destination. Avis has a great web site and a frequent flyer type of program. Fell in love with my rental car and drove away feeling good about Avis Rent A Car.
1	To whom it may concern.   I Paul Davis reserved a vehicle from Avis Car Rental on December 5, 2012. I had rented a Full size car- group E from the Avis Rent Car location at 1805 E Sky Harbor Circle South, Phoenix, AZ 85034. Upon my arrival at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport, I proceeded to Avis Rental to pick up my rental car, which was reserved. At the counter a representative for Avis named, Deshawn, assisted me. I requested a vehicle that had a back seat that folded down, something similar to a Chrysler 300 so all of our luggage would fit. At the time the Agent stated that they did not have anything like that available, he stated that I would need and upgrade in vehicles. I asked how much that charge would be. The agent then stated to my guest and myself that he would waive the upgrade charge. The agent reassured us there would not be an upgrade charge. Upon returning the vehicle rented on December 31, 2012, I received a bill for @ $380.00, I stated to the agent at the return that It was stated by the original agent that I would not be charged for the upgrade. I was then directed to the upstairs supervisor who stated that he could not change the bill that the original agent would have to change the bill. During this conversation the representative that rented me the vehicle (Deshawn) came into the rental facility and preceded to call my Guest and myself liars, he was very loud and very abusive with his language. My guest and I were very embarrassed at this time. I had requested that the representative stop calling my guest and myself liars. We closed out the transaction in order to catch our flight back home. This was very embarrassing for my guest and myself to encounter this kind of treatment. I will NEVER rent a vehicle from Avis Rental Company and request that none of my customers or friends due the same. I am requesting to have all charges reversed on my credit card totaling $386.44, I would also like a full apology from the Representative Deshawn and the Supervisor who humiliated me and my guest for their lack of customer service.
5	As two carless New Yorkers renting a car for our roadtrip/honeymoon, we booked an economy car online with our flights to save money.  Honeymoons are expensive, and weddings are even more expensive, guys.  Every dollar counts.When we got to the counter to pick up our car, Dustin started asking us questions about our plans.  I thought he was just making small talk while he rung us up, but soon realized he was trying to find out how we'd be using the car and what would be the best fit for us (the Chevy Sonic we booked was not it).  After doing some discount magic on his part, he set us up with a MUSTANG CONVERTIBLE for not much more than we would have payed for an economy car.  He also walked us through Arizona's unusual liability laws and recommended the best coverage for us.  All while remaining personable but not pushy.   We ultimately logged more than 1,000 miles on our honeymoon, a good amount of which we enjoyed with the top down.  Don't bother with another rental company, especially while you're out here.
1	This place is worse than the Keystone cops--a total, disorganized clusterf**k.  Where do I begin.....Hmmmm.....to start, no one was around their MASSIVE parking lot when we attempted to return our car.  NO ONE.  There was a sign that said "E-receipt here".  Sounded OK.  It took forever just to get the car, and we got a free tank of gas because of it, so an E-receipt sounds good, right?  Just drop off the car and catch our flight, especially since there was no one around?  Hah!  no.  Apparently, when we approached the customer service desk to turn in the keys,  the customer service guy said that using that line was for preferred customers only, and we needed to get back in the car and FIND the check out employee!!!  We asked why it didn't specifically say that E-receipts were for preferred customers, and were told that "if you were a preferred customer, you would've just known."  I don't need to guess what their stupid promo lines mean, not my job, I'm a CUSTOMER.  We also mentioned to this guy that we couldn't find anyone to check out our car.  He begins arguing that there IS someone out there---a woman--he "swears" she's out there, somewhere.  My husband, fed up told the guy to either check us out officially, or we were throwing him the damn keys and leaving to catch our flight either way.  We don't need a manual about what their signs mean, and we don't need to go chasing down their employees so that they can do their jobs, so he better get his ass on over and check us out, because we'd had it with him and AVIS.  He checked us out.  THEN, the (manager?) came out to see what was up.  He was one of the guys who didn't have it together when we got the car, and gave us a tank of gas for taking forever.  We let him know how pathetic the checkout procedures were, how pathetic their signage was, and how unavailable their personnel was.  Enterprise has these guys beaten hands down.  We will NEVER, EVER rent from AVIS again.  If you do, then just know---you've been warned!!!
1	Do not rent from Avis! Charged for picking up car 29 minutes early at an hourly rate of 61.50. Wanted to turn car in one hour late and told I'd have to pay that rate. That's unacceptable, and customer service rep. unbendable even with extenuating circumstances.
1	Terrible car selection and they all have high mileage. I would stay away from here. Even though I paid for a Luxury Car I got a mom van suv and that is standard according to the guy. I usually rent from National Car Rental and have little to no problems there.
4	John F., some sort of manager, was awesome. When there was a price discrepency, he actually LISTENED, which the people at Budget definitely do not do. I appreciated being treated like a rational human being rather than just another number. And he honored what we asked for. Great dude.
4	This was the 3rd time I have rented from Avis at this location.  Just like the previous 2 times the process was quick and friendly.  Although this time customer service rep said there was a shortage of Suv's that I had reserved.  He suggested that I get a larger one.  I said ok. Then he mentioned $35 upgrade fee.  I already have a $33 a day rate,  why would an up grade cost more than the daily rate. Plus if I reserved a particular model that is not available,  the upgrade should be automatic for zero charge.  SO I Refused The Upgrade and all of a sudden,  the rep picked up the phone and called and now the reserved car was available. Was this a bait n switch? When I went downstairs to pick up the car, there was someone in the car already set to drive away!!! I told the person excuse me. Are u in the wrong car?  He said he was Avis Preferred customer and that he could take any car. I summoned a lot person who explained to the preferred customer that he was taking a car  from the wrong row of cars. If I got there a, minute later, my car would have been gone.As for the car, it was brand new with 1600 miles, it still smells new .But all the windows were dirty with water spots. All 3 times the window are not being wiped down after the car wash. The mirrors also have water spots.  This is a hazard to visibility.
1	If I could give no stars, this Avis car rental place would get that. This was the first experience my husband and I have had renting from this company and it's the last time. We reserved a vehicle online a few days before arriving. The website clearly states that they take debt cards but were told otherwise when we went to pick the vehicle up. When we arrived at Avis, there was a line up of people waiting. They had maybe 4 workers at the counters. It took almost an hour to finally get helped. There were signs all over saying there were events going on in the area. Stating that it was a busy weekend. One would think, if they knew it was busy, they would have more staff on to help with the amount of guests that would be showing up. When we finally got up to the counter, we were told they don't take debt cards but would take it if we got a smaller car. When we went down the stairs towards the vehicles, there was no one to help us locate our car. They don't inspect the car before you take it. The lady we delt with to leave the parking area had no personality whats so ever. She was very rude and short. And when returing the vehicle, there a line up of cars trying to return theirs, there was no one to direct the traffic into the rows and there was only ONE guy to check in about 8 cars that were waiting.
1	Overcharged on insurance not looked after by there so called " customer service " make sure to rent somewhere else and save yourself the troubles of dealing with them and there total lack of customer care
