5	Virginia has been my trusted vet for over 5 years now.  I have 5 dogs and each has had their share of problems over the years, but Virginia's no-nonsense approach to their well-being has been a godsend in this house!When one of my dogs isn't feeling well, the last thing they need is to get dragged out to sit in a strange place with other strange dogs for an exam.  But, Virginia comes right to the house and does the entire exam in the comfort of their own bed (or couch).While she has labs and x-ray abilities at her disposal, she uses them sparingly, opting instead to treat the animals based on her years of experience.  No strange vet techs or trainees, either.  It's JUST Virginia!Great care at affordable prices is what you'll get with Encanto Mobile Veterinary Services.  You and your pet will love Virginia!
5	Virginia Kennaway has been my vet for over 14 yrs.  She was referred to me by a co worker who was singing her praises.  She comes right to your house and does everything right there. (I don't think this service cost more) I had two large rottweilers and a cat. It was hard to put them all in my mustang.  The rotties have passed on but she was wonderful to them and always right on with her diagnosis. My male rottie lived till he was 14yrs old and he died silently in the night.  My cat is 14yrs old and doing great.  I truly do believe their longevity and great health is due to her great care.  She does not waste  time or money.She is always upfront and honest.  I refer  all my family members and friends to her.  I really appreciate all she does..
5	I will never take my cats to the vet again!!  Good news is now the vet can come here, and it's much less stressful on all of us : )We got two cats from the Humane Society last year (not related) and they are just now starting to get along.  When one of them got stung by a scorpion the office visit to the vet set relations way back.  All the strange smells, one's an alpha and one's perhaps a delta or epsilon, I didn't see either of them much except for fighting...So, when my epsilon had an eye issue I decided to seek out a mobile vet-I don't know why I didn't consider this sooner.  Dr. Kennaway was just wonderful and I would certainly patronize her business again without hesitation.  Prices were better than I expected for an in-home visit.
1	I have heard great things about this vet, so I have over the years attempted to call her.  At least two times, my calls were never returned another time it took a week.  I could not rely on her care if my dog was ill.  Although she comes up as a Phoenix vet, she works outside of the city as well.
5	Virginia has been our vet for 6 years. She has been incredible. We love that she comes to you. She is very caring and all our pets have loved her. I would definitely recommend her to everyone.
