4	First a truck and now a cafe?! Good things are happening with Buldogi's. Also, it needs to be said: this is run by some of the nicest people. They always take care of us and will have our business.At the time of writing, it is in soft opening mode. Everything is half off. I think they close down this week around 2 or 3pm and only serve breakfast. I believe next week will be a lunch menu which includes more of their original menu from the Fort Apache location.If you've been to Buldogi's before, you already will know their lunch menu. A mix of gourmet hot dogs with extravagant toppings, some bowls, burgers, and a hangover soup. You should look up the Fort Apache location to get the reviews on that menu. What's new is breakfast!You've got an assortment of pancakes, waffles, french toast, and eggs. Sounds about right. There's even a Monte Cristo sandwich - which is French toast turned into a sandwich containing ham, turkey, eggs, and some jam. But then, the fusion starts.  The loco moco makes a comeback from the lunch menu, as well as the hangover soup. How about a mung bean pancake? Bulgogi and rice with eggs?We took two of the new additions on the menu and one familiar hangover soup.- Mung bean kimchi pancake. This is served with rice, two eggs, a side dipping sauce for the pancake, and a little cup of chopped cucumber and tomato. The pancake tastes great! Definitely something we haven't had before. It's dense, savory, and can be filled with either a few vegetable slices or pork belly. There is a weird lack of kimchi despite it being in the title. In terms of flavors and eating enjoyment, this is excellent. For value, it is not high (at normal price). To me, $11 is steep for the pancake's small size,  but I don't know if this is the final word. Especially for the area, it's going to be a tough sell. In thinking of points for increasing value - adding banchan!- Monte Cristo French Toast. This is your ham and turkey sandwich, topped with eggs your way and made extra rich via French toasting the bread slices. The bread is cooked fluffy and flavorful, while the whole sandwich is generally served warm topped with (as requested) a liquid yolk. It is indulgent. Very, very indulgent and deliciously so. There is just no way you aren't going to love this. There is a side of jam with it but I didn't find it necessary. Again, for $10 it is a little bit steep for just the sandwich. A few chips or fries on the side will really complete this.- Hangover soup: we already love this soup. It's basically a chicken noodle soup from Korea with mung bean noodles (correct me if I'm wrong) and a spicy, flavorful broth. Some spinach leaves float around and enjoy the ambiance of the pulled chicken. If you haven't had it, you're missing out.Service is in some ways the reverse of say, IHOP, where you eat and then bring your receipt to the register. You order/pay at the register and bring your number to the table. Your food will come out shortly! The new place is done up very nicely, especially for the area. Most things around here are just done on a tight budget.They're still working on smoothing everything out so an update to this will surely come - but for the time being go get your preview of the new cafe!
5	I've been to the summerlin location so to find out that there was a second one on spring mountain was pretty cool. They took over what use to be Maple Tree Cafe. I like how they have citrus water in their restaurant! The service was great and the staff were super friendly. I wanted to get something different do I got the chicken wings with a side of kimchi. The chicken had a sweet taste to it. It was crunchy and juicy as well. I enjoyed every bite of it. The worker also gave us free samples of mac and cheese and that was amazing as well. I love how everything comes to you hot and fresh!
5	Never been to the original place. Too far. I like this one though! It's at the Mediterranean Market plaza on Spring Mountain. Watch for the Red Rock street sign if you're approaching from the Strip.So anyway, I walked in at maybe 10:45 and didn't see any other customers. The front-of-the-house guy (sounds better than server, right?) invited me to the register to read a menu there and to tell me all about the place, after figuring out that it was my first time. I kinda zoned out, but doesn't everybody know by now that it's pretty much Korean fusion hot dogs plus some sort of new breakfast items to differentiate it? The guy actually confessed that they hadn't held their grand opening event yet and were still working out some kinks in the menu, but I'm sure they'll be fine if they stick to their bread and butter, so to speak.I settled on the bulgogi hot dog ($6.95). It's a nice footlong sausage topped with beef, bulgogi mayo, green onions, grilled onions, and sesame seeds on a fairly nondescript but satisfactory bun. There aren't a ton of layers of flavor, but the flavors that are there really shone for me. Loved the texture and thickness of the beef for sure, and the mayo works very well. The depth that is possibly missing includes sweetness, spiciness (although I deliberately avoided test my palate for this go-around), and maybe egginess. +$1.50 for a fried egg next time maybe? By the way, the portion size is very lunch-appropriate.Now that I can get the fusion goodness without driving all the way out to who knows where, I think I'll definitely return. You should visit Buldogis Cafe as well.
4	I was there on night with a few friends and def enjoyed the food the only prob I had was the bun was slightly soggy but food was cooked perfectly and still had a great experience will return again.
4	First time at this place and I'm liking it already.... Great food, friendly staff and very reasonable prices.I will be back....
5	This is my second time here. The first time I came here I ordered the bulgogi dog and the chicken wings. The bulgogi dog was as good as usually,  just like the sister restaurant at Fort apache.  The chicken wings were something new.  It was absolutely delicious. It was cooked perfectly!  Light crisp coating and the chicken was nice and juicy.  The spicy korean sauce was also yummy. I like ordering the wings with the sauce on the side. The spicy korean and the soy caramel is perfect together.  Along with the good food is good music and awesome customer service. The citrus water is also one of my favorites. I could drink it all day. I will always come back here for the wings.  Too yummy!
5	I've always been a fan of Buldogis hot dogs and was so excited to hear they were opening another location in Chinatown that also serves Korean Chicken Wings and breakfast all day! Their food is BOMB- my boyfriend can't stop talking about the chicken wings and I keep dreaming about the Monte Cristo... those two are definitely a must try if you go here as well as the Hangover Soup... it is loaded with delicious flavor!
5	Customer service is on point! Hot Dogs--- never in a million years would i have thought id be paying $7 for a hotdog but man is it worth it!
5	This is a wonderful place to enjoy hot dogs. I've been to the one on fort apache and the is one is like a upgrade. Not only did they only have hot dogs but waffles and chicken wings. Their chicken wings were by far the best I've tasted perfectly seasoned and with 2 specialty sauce that are so unique taste. Now that this one is open a lot closer than the other one they will be expecting a lot of visits from me.
5	So AMAZING!!! Highly Recommended!!! Had the Hawaiian and the Bulgogi Dogs! AND the Chicken! Mmm mmm!!! ALL three were AWESOME! Give this place a try!
5	So far so good. Everything we ordered was superb. Service was good. Very friendly & informative. Must try the Hawaiian Dog.  Gonna have to come back and try everything else.
5	Try a different hot dog with  Korean fusion ...they got your typical Chicago type dogs too but the things I stick to are the stuff I can only get here..Bahn mi dogBulgolgi beef dogHawaiian dogSweet and spicy Korean chicken wingsEuro friesIts a little pricey but it's worth it
5	All I can say is... Holy shit! It's so good. Come hungry, leave happy. Great atmosphere, great people. Carne asada fries a must.
5	We came here after seeing all the great reviews on yelp. Just taking a look at the menu, we knew this would be amazing.Since we were the first customers of the day, we were able to chat for a while with the owner and learn all about the food fusion they created as well as get killer recommendations.We decided on the bulgogi dog, a Chilli cheese dog, and carne asada fries. OH MH GOD. SOOOOOOOO good!!Just wow. Anyways, do yourself a favor and come by this amazing place. The decor is beautiful, fantastic, and crazy high quality food.
4	Affordable, delicious, cholesterol-raising American-Korean-Mexican fusion food is found here. On a whim, I ordered the fried chicken wings and was impressed and pleased they were served large and piping hot. They came with sauces on the side (my request) and I wished I had them dressed before hand because they would've been 100x better. The carne asada fries was pleasantly unexpected from the usual. I think the dish would benefit it they switched to thinner fries. My sister and dad gave their  bulgogi hotdogs a greasy thumbs up. Service throughout was attentive and sweet. The server kept his cool with an extremely rude customer, so major props to him. Other than the horrible and small parking, I would gladly come here again to get my junk food binges satisfied.
4	Since I was craving a hot dog place I decided to yell a nearby locations and this popped up. I'm fan of komex so a korean hot dog fusion seemed interesting. The staff was nice and informative when I asked for suggestions. I ordered the bulgogi hot dog and the soul to Seoul order of chicken wings. the flavors of the bulgogi dog meshed well together and was a great combination. the bun was soft and chewy and the toppings were well spread out and distributed along the hot dog. one suggestion though was although the hot dog  was tasty it was a bit over cooked because the skin was rubbery. despite that though the hot dog was still juicy on the inside. the chicken wings were massive in size and came freshly cooked. I asked for the SS korean sauce on the side and it complemented the well seasoned crispy chicken wings well. the kimchi was okay and  the other side which was not listed on the menu but was sweet with vinegar complemented the wings well. I would have given 5 starts but for $11 I was disappointed that it was only 3 wings with pretty basic sides. for that price range I would have expected a little bit more for my money. overall I'd come back for the bulgogi dog.
5	Waitress is the best, angry dog with pork belly as my boss would say the bomb, my girl friend had the beef bulgogi dog shared euro fries Def coming back
4	I'm a sucker for any crazy fusion type Hot Dogs or Burgers, so a visit Buldogi's Cafe was a no-brainer for me.  I came in pretty hungry for an afternoon snack, so I ordered two of their Specialty Dogs.  But that's kind of where I made a mistake since I really underestimated these Hot Dogs.  They were massive!!Beef Bulgogi Dog --  http://bit.ly/1tMKhAmBulgogi, Asian Slaw, Grilled Onions, Seasame Seeds, Bulgogi MayoBasically just take your normal hot dog and top it with fat layer of BBQ Beef Bulgogi and you've got a protein packed beast!Gangnam Dog --  http://bit.ly/1tMKfIRRoasted Pork Belly, Cucumber, Nori, Seasame SeedsThis one is really crazy because not do you have a good sized hot dog, but now it comes topped with a huge hunk of pork belly!Even though I'm a big eater, I actually had a hard time finishing these two.  Basically one of these alone was a meal in itself.  So having myself eat two of them was a pushing it a little bit.  Despite the struggle though, I really enjoyed them!  The flavors were incredible.  Picking a favorite between the two isn't easy, but I'd say edge goes to the Beef Bulgogi Dog.  Their Bulgogi is really good and I wouldn't mind trying it with their Bibim Bowl or Special Carne Asada Fries.Now that I've had a chance to try their awesome Hot Dogs, I will definitely be back to try their other specialty items like their Wings, Chili Fries, and Breakfast items.  I'll be looking forward to my next visit!!
2	I went to Buldogis Cafe a few weeks ago and I have to say I was disappointed. I am a big fan of the Buldogis in Summerlin and love the food. When I went to Buldogis Cafe, I went to order a philly dog. They told me that they couldn't make this for me but this is what I always get at Buldogis in Summerlin. I ended up getting the carne asada dog and it was decent. But for some reason, it just wasn't as good as their other location. Overall, the place looked nice and I hope they increase their quality to the level of the other location.
5	Omg.. This place is sooo GOOD! I'm half Korean and lived in Korea, so I know what excellent Korean food taste like. And BULDOGIS is the best in Vegas! I loved the service and the food was soooo yummy! Every bite was like the first, seriously! Ooo and mmmm was all I did throughout the meal! We ate the chicken and waffles which was BETTER than Roscoes in LA. The seasoning was on point all around and the waffles were to die for! The angry dog was delicious too; had a kick to it! 100% beef hotdogs! The carne aside fries were freakin amazing too! Everything was! I'll be back very soon to try the other items! :)
5	Really good! The service was really good as well. I had never been and the employee explained everything about the menu to us, he asked us what we liked and offered suggestions. I had the spicy hot dog it was really spicy for me but still good! I will be back to this place for sure! Oh and the sweet tea that they make themselves is so bomb!
4	When first walking into the restaurant, the aroma of delicious food awaits. The service is immediate when you first walk through the door. The food feels like it takes years to come out but the wait is well worth it. Everyone in the dining hall is extremely friendly and the food is well recommended.
4	Spicy buldgoi dog was good. I'd go here again.
3	Enjoyed their fusion dogs at the Sahara location, stopped into try some other dishes at this location. Didn't realize the menu expanded to add some southern dishes: wish they'd named the new location to reflect that. The wings are a star here, and for good reason. They're good!Meaty, full size wings, in three or four different sauces: the soy caramel is the best though, and the sweetness is almost reminiscent of maple syrup. In a good way! The southern kick is that these can be served with grits and greens! Or order just one of the two as a side. Mac and cheese is also available here, and it's better than some southern places in town I've ordered it.Location is new and super-clean, almost feels like it hasn't quite been broken in yet. Service is friendly, food is cooked to order (to "put some love it in!" as they say), so there can be a bit of a wait ordering the southern options compared to the 'dogs, but either are worth getting.I keep meaning to try the hangover soup- it looks and sounds amazing, but I'm never hung over. And also, I keep getting seduced by those wings! Location is a bit odd and doesn't seem to get much traffic. Menu also has some breakfast options but they don't actually open until 11am, which is a bit odd to me.
5	Bahn Mi Dog - The sriracha mayo and the slaw went so well together. It really tied the flavors together for me. And you can never go wrong with pork belly either.Angry Dog - This had a pretty nice kick to it. I personally wouldn't order this for myself, however my boyfriend loved it.Euro Fries - This was the winning dish here. We had to order an extra side of the garlic mayo sauce to bask in all of its glory.I will definitely be back to try the kimchi fries and gang-nam dog for sure.
5	Lets see I've been to Buldogis Cafe 3 times in the last 9 days and twice in the last 3 days. Am I a fan!? Haha am I a fan. Hell yeah I'm a huge fan. Angry Dog is my #1 favorite item here. It's a good hotdog and bun on its own with some Spicy Pork Bulgogi, Asian Slaw, Diced Jalapeno, and Fiery Mayo piled on top. Ok so if I'm ever gonna rave about any item I've Yelped about this is it. I would eat this every day if I could and I'd probably wouldnt get sick of it. When you do Buldogis, either at the original location, cafe, or truck, you do it right and order the Angry Dog. It's filling, it's spicy, it's delicious, and it's reasonably priced. Banh Mi Dog is my #2 favorite item. It's the same hotdog and bun but with Pork Belly, Banh Mi Slaw, Herb Blend, and Sriracha Mayo piled on top. It's less spicy than the Angry Dog but delicious also. I've had it twice at this location.The menu really has expanded. They offer their usual dogs and fries and added Southern comfort food with a Buldogis twist which I haven't tried yet. Fried chicken wings with various sauces, chicken and waffles/pancake, cheesy gritts. And they've also added some rice bowls and soups.This location seems like it could fit a large number of people and has a nice interior. Customer service is fast and friendly. Its a little closer to the strip than its original location, being in the Chinatown area. Definitely will be back.
5	I was in the midst of a kimchi fried rice craving and found this place. Ordered the bubba combo which included korean wings with Mac & greens. Of course, a side of kimchi fried rice as well. Way too much food but one look at their menu and I wanted everything. The wings were scrumptious. Perfect combo of spicy, sweet and crispy. Just perfect. The kimchi fried rice was everything I was looking for and more. The greens and mac were very bland, maybe that's good for people that need something to offset the spicy items. I could care less on the combo sides failure, I was too busy devouring the wings & rice to care. The flavors were perfectly executed and make the other korean/fusion items very very promising.  As I sit here miserably full, I'm already trying to decide if I'll try one of the bowls or the bahn mi hot dog tomorrow... Who am I kidding? I'm a glutton, I will order both. This place could be a problem!
4	I found this cafe because of the food truck at First Friday.  I'm not even sure where to start here other than I'm in love with the sweet and spicy Korean chicken wings.  I brought a friend here one time, and my mom another time, their reactions were different and I think the make or break it really depends on your mentality going in.  This place is a culinary playground, there are no rules here. I am a fan of this method. There are fusion hot dogs, a hangover soup reminiscent of a chicken yukgaejang, my favorite wings, you can get gluten free chicken and waffles here and they serve breakfast all day long! The bibimbap my mom ordered was very "Japanese style" in her words, meaning kind of bland and "missing" things.  She requested some sesame oil and I think gochujang paste to dress it up.  Again, this isn't a traditional anything. I'm sure someone looking for something easy on the stomach and healthy would really go for this. Other items on the menu are full of flavors that go well together.  Where else are you going to find Korean wings, rice, and collard greens, AND sweet tea?! I'm gonna try the waffles next time if I don't default order what I've been getting.Something else to add,  the nature of food trucks are fast, it sounds like their Summerlin location is quick (haven't been there), but you need to set some time aside if you're eating here.  It's not super fast, but Shaun (I'm so sorry if you see this and the correct spelling of your name Sean) is awesome and friendly and we've chatted about what's in the area while waiting since I'm new to Vegas. It's a little confusing walking in, but check out a menu and walk up to the counter when you're ready to order.  It's a very relaxed casual dining environment.
5	Not only was the staff extremely friendly, they were extremely accommodating to our paleo diet, suggesting substitutions that would taste great with our meal. The food was delicious and we cannot wait to go back. Thank you buldogis!
5	Not what I was expecting thinking of a hot dog place.  Some hot dogs have combinations with kimchi and Asian slaw, not quite my thing. But they also do have plain dogs to dress as you like and the Chicago dog which I had which was good. Also tried the carne asada fries and the fried pickles, both are excellent.
