4	Shinji opened recently and we've been looking forward to checking it out. Based on the interview that I heard with one of the owners Shinji was billing itself as an Izakaya.  I must say that the restaurant nor the menu has the feel of an Izakaya. That being said the food was very good and we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. Shinji's decor is unique with two tables that run the length of the main area of the restaurant. Although this results in you sitting right next to someone that you were not planning on having dinner with there are privacy screen that you can lower between you and your neighbor which are very effective. There is also a second seating area, downstairs in front of the sushi bar. We started with the oysters, ceviche and scallops all of which were excellent. We then had the sushi for 2 and sashimi Moriawase. The fish was extremely fresh, they say they bring it in daily from NY, Vancouver & Japan, and the presentation was nice. Overall the food was very good, although not mind blowing or particularly creative and fairly expensive. A great place to go for a special occasion, but not necessarily somewhere you would eat regularly.
3	Jiro would send you back to pounding octopus.In Japan you only get to cut the fish after you've shown your skill with the knife. Here you probably do it in your first week on the job.  There's no way the chef cut our fish. It looked like the  tuna had been rescued from a shark attack. The uni was not the freshest. The fish selection was restricted and mostly run of the mill.On the other hand the fish was mostly of very good quality, and the service was excellent. Prices are fair.
5	To be honest, it is on the pricier side but don't stop at the price and wait for the plate to come, you will me more than amazed! Read more on http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/11/21/shinji-a-mind-blowing-gastronomic-experience/
1	Hate to be the only negative review here, but here goes..We started with an oyster which tasted exactly like a spoonful of ocean water + dead rotten fish. Then we we're gracefully blessed with a terrible tomato soup that came with floating bits of raw seafood shit. After suffering through the second course, we got our "sashimi salad" which consisted of 1 cubic inch of vegetables and some pieces of sashimi mixed in with the fishiest tasting caviar I've ever had. Finally, we got our plate of sushi! It was amazing if you enjoy liquorice in your maki rolls. The plate consisted mostly of the cheap "fried" tasting rolls and about 3 pieces of tuna and 3 pieces of salmon nigiri. Best part of the night was the bill! A smooth $200.06 See you never, Shinji!
1	I'm an avid sushi connaseur who travels the world. I decided to try this because I heard that the master chief was Japanese and finding good sushi in Montreal is very difficult. Often there is too much sugar mixed in the rice or an excess and abuse of fusion cooking, thus distorting the authentic Japanese culinary history.  Unfortunately this restaurant was as disappointing. In fact more so. Who ever heard of putting licorice flavouring in maki rolls. Don't order the full tasting experience as most of the sushi was run of the mill low cost rolls, included were 2 pieces of tuna and salmon only.  They served oysters which tasted very fishy and except for the tuna I was unable to eat most of the food. The sushi chief obviously had distorted each an every recipe as I've been to Japan many times.  If you're a sushi connesseur you will be very disappointed. Even their Miso soup is distorted. Prices are high and I'd expect a Nobu meal for the price I paid.
