2	It's fried chicken.  KFC.  I haven't been in a long time, but we had a coupon and fried chicken sounded good.Well, the original recipe wasn't what I remembered.  A lot of pepper, which I didn't mind, but I don't remember that from my youth.  The breading seemed a bit soggy.  We also got some extra crispy, and it was better.  Nice seasoning, and not at all soggy.  It was good.The potato wedges were fine.  As were the beans.  The corn was not as firm as it should have been, but not bad.One annoyance was that condiments and utensils are behind the counter instead of accessible by the patrons.  So I had to wait around for the people behind the counter to get them for me.  They weren't ignoring me, they were just busy.  But it was still annoying.
2	We went to the KFC on Chandler Blvd. & the I-101 to get the 8 piece Family meal $19.99 + .99 (10 piece tender bites on special) for our visit to my 96 yr. old mother in law on Sunday.She loves KFC! I was quite disappointed in the price to quantity ratio. All 8 pieces of chicken fit in the same size box as the 4 piece biscuit box. The 3 chicken legs and 2 thighs looked the same size as wing drumettes. The 2 wings would not keep a sparrow aloft. The breast, although a little larger, was dry. The 10 piece Tender bites were also dry and the crust had come off in the cooking process. The sides were ok. Cole slaw, 4 dry biscuits, potatoes and gravy. I could have consumed all the chicken myself and still have room for sides and dessert and I'm not a heavy eater. I have visited many KFC's and they are all the same. It's not just this location. Absolutely NOT worth the $21.00+tax for me but worth every penny for the smile on my mother in law's face! :-)
5	I love the Chicken Littles.. it's a throwback from 1988.  Back then, Chicken Littles were $.49, were thin and square.  Now they are $2.49, and sort of hot dog shaped.  They actually use a chicken finger and a mini hot dog bun.  The concept is the same, dill pickles and some sort of mayo sauce, fried chicken, and white bread.  A+ to KFC for bringing them back.
4	I just are here and everything was fine. I had a two piece Classic Meal, all white, Extra Crispy with mashed potatoes and cole slaw. The drive thru service was quick and polite.
1	Just went to this location and they are charging a fee for using debit cards. An additional 39 cent fee on top of the price of food. That's a cost of doing business.  I will never go to this location again.
1	Customers beware- if Angel is working in the Kitchen be very very careful. I placed an order via the drive thru for a chicken sandwich and diet soda with " no sauce". Shortly after I received the order I opened it to make sure the order was correct. The order was not correct so I parked my car and tried to go back into the dining area. The facility was closed so another rep ran to the door to help me. Once I explained to him the order was wrong he took it back to Angel in the Kitchen. I watched Angel look at the sandwich play with it then toss it to the side of him. Angel then bent down unwrapped what appeared to be new bread and place a new piece of chicken on top of it. Angel then told his co-worker to tell me to walk into the busy drive thru to pick up my order. I told his co-worker no the drive thru is full of cars! They then rushed my order back over to me- upon driving away I noticed the texture of my sandwich was weird. I opened it and noticed Angel had placed the same bacon with the same sauce back onto the sandwich and just pretended to throw it away. I walked back up to the door and was  ignored by all of the staff. I walked up to the drive-thru window and asked to speak to a manager- Angel looked at me and walked away. After several times of knocking on the window. Duane the manager greeted me and immediately apologized for Angel's behavior and refunded my money. Please be aware of this cook- he does not care about t customer or what he does to their food.
1	Convenient location- right off the freeway, service was nice but the manager was not. Very condescending and rude.  Won't be back.
