4	The clearance items sell out like hotcakes.They're a lot more out of stock than other Hollister stores on print / summery items.Comfy clothing, though sized a bit bigger than what it says.Their summer cotton shorts are sized a lot larger than denim daisy dukes.There are size variances even within the same clothing categories such as bandeau.Some have cups in them, others don't, some are tight, others are loose.I usually go for the clearance section to find clothing of value.Got lucky a few times. Friendly staff most of the time.Its just too bad the store is flippin dark and its difficult to see the true colors of your clothing :p
5	Hands down one of my favorite stores. I didn't know there was one here in Phoenix!! This place has the same ambiance of Abercrombie and Fitch. I'm not sure if they are tied into each other but it was a liilte weird. The place was kept very clean and the employees were extremely nice and greeted us as we walked into the store. I love that now I won't have to order my jeans online and I can actually try them on before I buy.
1	I am a big user of Yelp but have never been compelled to write a review until I visited this store for the first time today. While the employee who greeted us at the door was friendly and helpful, the employee near the back of the store was extremely rude and not helpful what so ever. I asked her a question and it almost seemed as if I was bothering her. Then I am walking around the store holding what seems to be 20 items and she never asks if she can help or start a fitting room. Even as I stood there with my daughter waiting for a fitting room there was no offer to assist with all the items just that she could only bring 5 items in with her. Dropping items on the floor to pick 5.. She just stood and waited.. Looking annoyed it was taking us so long. Since we had been in there so long we could only try on about half the items and had to leave for an appt.. I asked if she could hold the other half and we would be back in less than 2 hours to try on the rest. Answer.. Umm 'No'.. We can't hold items. I told her we would be back in less than 2 hrs.. She said we can hold 1 or 2.. But you have too many. So what is it..you can't hold items or you can only hold 1 or 2. Finally annoyed with how rude and unhelpful this employee  was I finally just left and let her know she lost a lot of business. I will never go back to that store!
5	Good location, very clean and tidy except for the clearance / sale section but that's usually normal for any stores. Employees were all nice and there was someone by the entrance to greet you which I thought was a huge plus. Dressing rooms are a good size and there is always some by the dressing rooms or registers to ask for a changing room. Sale / clearance is huge which I love. The store overall is pretty big and spacious which I love about this location. Lines don't get too long and if they do happen to get long you don't have to wait long at all to be rung up.
1	Nothing against this store at desert ridge, infact it's very nice..my main complaint is against Hollister itself...the sizes they have are ridiculous, an XL is actually about the size of a small, and they have no 2XL at all, I really don't know how they stay in business...GET SOME LARGE SIZES OR A BETTER SYSTEM OF SIZES!!
5	I really like their clothes. The pricing is good and so is the quality. If you shop their sales then you will always get good value and in this economy I think that is a vital aspect for any business. The only negative comment I would make is that sometimes they seem understaffed and on this visit they had half the dressing rooms closed which was not convenient and caused a wait.
1	While there clothes are SO Cal cute, there service is horrible!!!! I was 3rd in line to cash out, holding 1 item, I've waited over 20 minutes. Unacceptable!!!! Looks like the cashier flirty with a cute girl is more important than doing his job in a timely manner. Do yourself a favor, don't even walk into this store! The noise is so loud, when you ask a question, they can't even hear you! Good indication in might be too loud! Hollister, a word of advice... Pay someone a little more hourly who cares about doing their job! You get minimum work out of minimum wage employees. Catherine there manager is about as slow as a turtle! We are now going on 28 minutes! And guess what, she can't make change.... Maybe if she was managing instead of gabbing she'd know her registers were short!!  Never again will I go into this store! With 3 teenage neices to buy for, I'll move onto a business that cares about their bottom line!
