1	This place took my prepaid money of $20 for gas, but instead of getting gas, the pump said "Waiting for Authorization".  I informed the cashier Ana of the problem, but she stated that I got my gas.  I asked her how I could get any gas if the pump was frozen in the "Waiting for Authorization" mode and not a single drop came out.  I asked her to check the pump, but she refused, and refused to refund my money.  She claimed that a seond printout from her cashier said that I was not charged, but when I called my credit card company, it was processed (starting the dispute process for this charge).  The cashier was rude as well as her coworker.  Never felt so mistreated over a purchase in my life.
3	I was meeting some friends to go hiking and we meet in the plaza where this Terrible Herbst is located.  It was quick to stop, gas up, and be on my way in a short time.  The area is quite clean.
1	Unfortunately this is the closest gas station to my house. I hate going here for anything. If you go inside, you will wait forever in line. They always have cashiers not working and just standing around watching the line grow larger and larger.If you get gas here, only use a credit card. They have had so many cases of stolen debit card numbers. This is a total pain in the butt if you have stolen identity.
2	Review in brief:Pros: Location and cleanlinessCons: The staff is poorly trained, very slow and unskilled.  They do not know what they have in stock nor do they understand how to operate a cash register.  The gas prices are always on the high end.This location is less than half a mile from my house so I frequent it more than any other gas station.  On multiple occasions I have been charged wrong and/or given the wrong item by the cashiers.For those of you who are stuck frequenting this station I feel your pain.
1	Omg horrible service here. Went in this morning to fill up. Knew I had 20 cents off from Vons rewards. The attendant gave me major attitude when I forgot to give him my Vons number and refused to void the sale so I could get my 20 cents. Never ever going here again I will call my insurance road service if I run out of gas rather than deal with the snooty jerks here.
4	Convenient station.  I come by here once in a while to fill upon my way to Red Rock and Blue Diamond City.Plenty of pumps.  This place carries the standard items of most Terrible Herbst.  They even have Syntha-6 Protein shakes here which was much appreciated.  The station is clean, the staff is friendly.  Recommend this place as a pit stop for sure!
