5	We used our free drink coupons from our stay at Excalibur to get Melon Sours and ended up ordering a lot of drinks because their bartenders were so amazing, (see previous liquidity review) Mike was the best!  All of our drinks were made well, and it was easy to forget that you were on a walkway on the casino floor and not in some awesome dive bar somewhere.Its an awesome place to get a drink when you are tired of the crystal light they give you while gambling.
2	Ordered the $5 Dog and a beer deal. Let's just say I haven't seen a hot dog this green since hot lunch in 4th grade. On the bright side I didn't get food poisoning like I did from the hot dog at Whiskey Pete's back in '03!
3	Located in The Excalibur, Sherwood Forest is one of the many casino bars you usually walk by on the way to other bars and casinos. At check in I got a $20 drink coupon and thought Sherwood Forest was as good a place as any to use it. Pat the bartender was very friendly and we ended up staying for a few more rounds then planned!
4	There is nothing very Sherwood Forest-y about this bar except the sign hanging above it.   It's not even very loungy.  It's just an opening in the wall of Excalibur's Casino with some bartenders behind it and some stools pulled up against it.   BUT they have good video poker machines and the bartenders are friendly, pour stiff drinks, and don't tell you that you have to play 'max bet' on the poker machines to get free drinks.   We kept finding ourselves back here at several points over the weekend. While it's not really a destination, it makes a GREAT pit stop.
1	Went here because we saw the great reviews on bloody Mary's and we were staying at the hotel . Worst decision ever . Maybe it was our bartender but we got two bloody Mary's that tasted like straight tomato juice no vodka in them . Returned them and got beers instead
2	I stay at the Excalibur a lot so I also frequent this bar located in the casino a lot too. I like playing the video poker they've got on the counter while enjoying some drinks.The Excalibur gives their guests a $20 food/drink credit to a few of their eating places, including this one. My boyfriend and I ordered our drinks and presented the coupon after (hoping the free drink would be less watered down if he knew they were free afterwards, muhahahahahaha!). They were ok, not too strong but definitely not as watered down as my next drink I got for free for playing the video poker.This place is 2 stars in my book simply for the reason that almost every time I come, at least one of the bartenders is kinda rude. My step dad got into a heated argument with one of them one time we were there about his drink, which is pretty unprofessional on the bartender's part in my opinion.
