3	Taking VIA is reasonable if you're going along the Quebec City-Windsor Corridor (like between Toronto and Montreal), but it gets really expensive and time-consuming if you want to go greater distances. And it's not so great a travel experience: in ten years, I have been on only one train that arrived less than ten minutes late. The loading and boarding is awkward (especially compared to most good European train systems), and the food service amounts to railway robbery. Bring your own sandwich (even if it's from a station Subway), and save yourself ten bucks.Still, it's not all that bad. Last year, I dropped my bus pass on a train, and the employees found it, called me on my cell, and had it put on the next train so that I could pick it up at the station that I had gotten off at. I still had to wait around for hours, but since it was my own stupid fault, I think they accommodated me as well as could be expected.
1	We decided to take the train for a business/pleasure trip to Montreal from Toronto, instead of flying. Wasn't based on trying to save money, etc. we just wanted different experience. We brought our bikes and were excited.  It may not be fair to compare VIA Rail to the TGV in Europe but I must say I was pretty disappointed with VIA and the train experience.   I booked first class, apparently its complimentary alcoholic beverages, however they limit how many they serve to you. The food was quite horrific and not that good, inmates at Kingston probably eat better than this.  The train cars on the way to Montreal looked like from a 70's bad movie and the car or train shook and bounced around like it was going to come off the rails.  Hard to do any work or type without getting tired and bugged eye.  The train on the way back to Toronto the cars were a little nicer, we got a few extra drinks but still was a pretty shaky ride.  I've traveled on many trains throughout Europe, been on a few in South America and through the USA, and I must say just like our bad subway systems in Toronto and horrible Go Transit service we have, I would rank taking the train a slight step above taking the bus and would not recommend it.  The worse part was one of our colleagues misplaced his ticket and they charged him $50 to replace it even though we had our receipt of the full payment with his name on it.  Not sure what happened to VIA but it has a long way to go before it can remotely position itself as a world class company that provides excellent service and experience.  Too bad I thought taking the train was going to be fun.
4	Our Via Rail trip from Quebec City to Montreal was great--my family of four had a four-seater booth to ourselves with a table to set up our collection of wifi devices on, and beautiful white scenery to take in out the windows. Dream train trip. (Especially compared to the nightmare from Montreal to NYC the following day.)
5	Perhaps I am easily impressed or my standards are low because I am used to Amtrak.  But, I found Via Rail to be efficient, pleasant, and fast.  Getting on and off the trains, there were workers to greet us and make sure we knew where we were going.  They were very friendly and helpful, where as on Amtrak you are sort of afraid that anyone you ask a question to is going to drill master an answer back to you.  We took the train from Montreal to Quebec City.  It went quite fast, no delays.  Amazing what can happen in a country where the rail system is actually funded by the government as opposed to the US where Amtrak is left begging for scraps and is forced to rent space on private rail lines often shared with industrial fleets.The cars were well lit and clean.  They came through with a drink car.  How civilized.My only negative comment is that the seats are assigned.  So if you are sitting behind someone who is sneezing or hacking up a lung you cannot change seats.  The benefit to the assigned seats is you don't have to deal with the Amtrak experience of the person who is taking up two seats and pretending to sleep while listening to head phones so you cannot possibly bother them to actually move and give you their other seat.
