5	My husband and I have been looking to upgrade our Queen sized bed since we found out we were pregnant. After searching for the right deals, I came across Big Red Mattress on craigslist and decided to visit their website. We went to the store (by appointment), and left with an Eastern King, Plush Pillow Top, Hypo-allergenic, hotel quality bed for less than $500 with a bed frame and delivery!!! Last night was the first night my husband and I slept in the bed, and I this bed is amazing. I fell alseep like a baby...and with a baby cooking inside of me, and numerous sleepless nights....I only woke up once to use the bathroom, and went straight back to sleep. I do have to admit that I woke up a little later than usual, and was rushing to get to work. But the sleep was all worth! I honestly feel GREAT today! I If you're looking to buy a great new bed for a reasonable cost!!! Go visit Big Red Mattress on Wigwam and Gibson! You won't be disappointed! I PROMISE! Tell them I sent you! :) They have a deal right now...if you send a friend as a referral and that friend spends over $400 they give you $150 1600 thread count sheets for free (all for the referral)! It's an amazing deal! I LOVE MY BED...and I do have to tell you...we did buy the cheapest bed of their best quality beds! The cheapest king bed was like $199, the set above that was $239! It's insane deals right now! Go pay Bobby (the store manager) a visit! He won't let you down! A delivery charge of $35-$40 anywhere in the city is a great deal toO!
5	I have never been more satisfied in this company than I have ever been.When I called Bobby the store manager set me up with a appointment to see the beds and Oh my Goodness, there beds was outstanding and at such a cheap price, I got a queen pillow top for $399 and it was a top of the line mattress, I seriously thought I was ripping him off at that price.I slept so good, better than I have in years.... Thank you so much bobby for all your help and for such a wonderful night of sleep... I will recommend you to everyone I know and meet....You guys are the best...Cristina of Las Vegas
1	This was a horrible place. My husband and I wanted to upgrade our bed when we moved into our new home. We found big red mattress on craigs list and went to check them out. We dealt with the manager Jim. He was such a condescending ass. He was worse then a sleazy car salesman. The initial visit went well of course because that's the day we were purchasing. After we had already purchased and went back to schedule delivery it was horrible from that time on. Jim couldn't find our paperwork, we almost didn't receive the four $80 pillows we had purchased an his math was off so our deposit wasn't credited to our account. After they delivered the mattress the first couple nights we loved it. Then on the left side of the bed it started sagging and you felt like you were going to roll off in the middle of the night. When we contacted Jim to let him know our concern he was extremely irritated and acted as if he didn't believe us. He said he has never had a problem with that mattress ever so it was impossible that we had a problem. We told him to please come look at it and we would show him. He came to our house and because the problem with the bed was when you were laying on it and not visible to the naked eye while not in use he didn't want to warranty the bed. (The sagging was only visible to the naked eye when you sat on it) He was so rude an argued with my husband in front of our children in our home about the exchange. He said he was doing us a huge favor by even considering to make things right. He then said he would replace the mattress without using the warranty company for us. Then after my husband was upset with his behavior he said if we weren't planning on purchasing our other beds through him why would he make good on the warranty and he would take photos of the bed to submit to the warranty company so that the claim would be declined and we would just be out the 1500 dollars we spent with them. Then he changed his mind again and said he would replace it for us through the store after my husband pointed out the fact that he was not appreciative of his threats. After he finally left we were both so disgusted with the way he treated us it was just unbelievable. That was the worst part of all the mistakes, his unprofessionalism. Then when we received the new mattress they didn't call us to tell us they were on their way, so I had to move a few things out of the way for the delivery guys and while I was trying to do this I had three screaming babies at all the commotion my dog was making. I couldn't figure out why my dog was going so viscously crazy until I walked to the front door to let them in and saw the delivery guy hanging over my fence whistling and teasing my dog.  Then when they came into the house one of them acted like he was the owner of the company asking all kinds of questions and totally acting as if he had a say in the exchange. I was unaware of who he was so I took the time to explain to him the issues thinking he was maybe a partner or something. He proceeded to tell me that the mattress he was delivering was more firm then the one he was taking and that was alarming because it was supposed to be replaced by the exact same mattress!! Then he said he saw some extremely light light finger marks that were barely visible.  He said he was going to call Jim and tell him the mattress was dirty and acted as if he wasn't going to make the exchange. I told him this is ridiculous you can't barely see them and he had me get a rag and wipe them up which in turn made them visible. His attitude didn't change until I became frustrated and started taking names and asking questions about the owner information an the warranty company info. It was at that point that I was told Jim was not the owner of the company as he had stated to us previously, he was the manager, and the rude delivery guy was just that, a delivery guy named George. I have never in my life been treated so poorly, I couldn't believe it. We spent 1500 dollars with them and had planned on spending 1800 more with them next month to finish our kids rooms and then another 2600 the following month to finish our second home. Obviously that's not going to happen now and we are going to make sure we let anyone and everyone know of the horrible experience we had with him. My husband works with the public on a daily basis an gives an receives recommendations all the time and he will definitely be warning people of our experience. I have several moms groups that I belong to and my church group and we give and receive recommendations also and I will be letting them know of how awful we were treated by them. Now we have a 1500 dollar mattress with NO WARRANTY! When I called to get an address to send a complaint letter to corporate I accidently got a hold of the actual owner of the company Bobbie. He did listen to our complaint and asked what he could do to make it right, but in all honesty this problem was not a matter of material compensation.
5	Spot on.  Simply put: this place is spot on.  If you're hunting for a bed, Big Red Mattress is a great place to shop.  The people working here are very knowledgeable.  When we stopped in to look at mattresses, we'd done a fair amount of research online and looked in other stores and we were set on a temper-pedic style mattress.  When we walked in to Big Red Mattress, we let the salesman know that we were leaning towards temper-pedic.  He discussed the advantages of bamboo v. conventional materials and was able to guide us through the various options.  After talking for awhile, we settled on the bamboo version of temper-pedic / memory foam mattress.  All the while, the manager was friendly and very helpful and helped us find what we were looking for.  That's a serious compliment considering such a large purchase.Bottom line: good customers service, excellent product and great pricing equals five stars.
1	This place sucks!! Mattress is caving in only after owning 3 months they will not help us or replace it under warranty! Stay away far far away. Customer service sucks!!!
