5	This place is great for boarding!  The techs remember my dog and always go the extra mile to accomodate her needs.  The office is very clean and prices are good.
5	I take all of my cats here. I've never had a problem with the staff. Everyone has always been really friendly and helpful and they make your pet feel safe and at ease. Anytime my husband and I take our cat Oliver in there he is in such a panic, but after a few minutes he is cuddling up to the vet techs and the vet.
4	We needed to board our cockatiel for two weeks. We felt very comfortable bringing him in after our phone call. Once we came in with our bird it got even better. We were greeted very professionally and politely. They remembered talking to us on the phone and were very attentive to the needs of our bird as well as his quirks.We had to extend the our birds stay and they were great.  The vet even checked in on him and helped us with a scratched eye he had before.We highly recommend Ahwatukee Animal Care for their professionalism and family care of our pet!
5	We needed some ear medication for one of the dogs so I called up around 12:30pm and asked for some more. They promptly looked up my puppy and asked when I wanted to pick it up, I said today. They reported that they closed in like 30 minutes; I said I could be there in 5. Went right in, they had it waiting for me, asked if I or the dog needed anything else, I paid and got out. Quick and Painless!
5	I have been taking both my dogs here for about 6 years.. we love it. Only had one bad experience and it was a new girl, who isn't there anymore :)
5	This is the best place in the valley. I totally trust these guys with our two cats. Our favorite doctor is Dr Hertzig as she is very professional and has a great bedside manner. She was especially helpful a few years ago when one cat needed to be put down. She was very compassionate and as a new pet owner, she gave me the time to say goodbye and talked to me about the options in a very matter of fact and graceful wayThe other doctor who is an older man, Dr Jenkins, I don't  trust him and I don't like it when he's on duty when we go. Dr Hertsig and the tech staff there is why we give this place 5 stars
5	I've begun dog walking with RESCUE, and they board their pups here when they're being treated after coming from the pound.The lobby is very clean, the dogs healthy and happy, and all the staff so friendly to all the pets and their people coming in and out.Their boarding prices are also very reasonable - much better than some other boarding locations I've checked.
1	Recently visited, My have they changed. I will just say I have never been treated so unprofessionally by anyone before in my life more so then I was by the staff at this establishment. 15 years of business with the Veterinary staff which are exceptional. The twin sisters who work the front counter providing paper work, charges, scheduling who are also excellent.  We scheduled 12-23-2013 for tests for heart guard. There was a mistake made from a previous visit which resulted in both the Veterinarian and the lady(someone I have never seen before) behind the counter becoming very hostile. Getting into a shouting match with me, getting hostile, telling me that's its all my opinon, I will say that I have never been treated so unprofessionally, especially when the error was on their end, basically took one dog that needed testing to buy two perscriptions, after test i was charged, doctor comes back says they need to examine the other dog, we did back in august of 2013. Turns out the person never charged us or documented properly but instead of either the Vet, or the women behind the counter listening to me explaining that we did come in August for the service I was met with an attitude like well this is how it is pay up or leave. They messed up our credit charges so badly we couldn't use for the rest of the week, luckily we were done with our holiday shopping. Asked for copies of my dogs charts received partials after repeat requests, had to go back to pick up a heart meds the following day and had them practically thrown at me by the same unprofessional women behind the counter. No eye contact no hello. Nothing. If that's what 15 years of business, two pets, at $250 a visit three times a year gets you. I will be giving that to someone else. ****************************5 stars 11/14/2012 *************************Was able to bring both dogs, charged for 1 visit(realize a year later this wasn't a courtesy, this was their error) plus shots and meds. Price were high, Vets are the best. No matter which vet I have met or have used they are all 100% professional and animal lovers. You would be surprised who aren't in this state. Boarding services, shots, meds, special care and even exotic animal care - we found a stray domestic rabbit, go figure.
5	My dog is my world, so when it comes to her veterinary care, I have extremely high standards.  That being said, Ahwatukee Animal Care Hospital truly sets the bar for quality care.  I had previously taken my beloved pooch to South Point Animal Clinic in Tempe, but was looking for a new vet after South Point's egregious negligence resulted in my poor baby having to undergo major emergency surgery.  After that whole debacle left me with a distrustful / borderline paranoid attitude towards pretty much the entire field of veterinary medicine, a close friend referred me to Dr. Herczegh at Ahwatukee Animal Care Hospital.  Dr. Herczegh is living proof that skilled, reputable, compassionate veterinarians still exist - seriously, finding her was like finding a unicorn.  I have nothing but positive things to say about Dr. H and the rest of the staff at Ahwatukee Animal Care Hospital.  They know us by name, they provide my dog with top-notch care, their customer service is great, their prices are reasonable...simply put, Ahwatukee Animal Care Hospital is everything that a vet should be.
4	I have been bringing my Yorkie to them since I got him back in 2008. The receptionists are always friendly and learn who patients are very quickly. The veterinarians are great at diagnosing issues. You can definitely tell that they are animal lovers. They were there for me when I first got him and I found out that the breeder I got my dog from had given him his rabies vaccine in his bottom instead of his nose. They helped calm me down and made everything ok.
5	Ahwatukee Animal Hospital has been our vet of choice for more than 15 years.  I can't imagine taking my dogs anywhere else.  The care has always been excellent, even through several major medical crises, including one dog with cancer.  The vets and staff are wonderful and caring.
5	I've had a few dogs treated here at Ahwatukee Animal Care Hospital from everything to ACL surgery to annual check ups for years. But my most recent visit proved to me once again why I keep coming back. My girlfriend's dog was 13 and had not been seen by the care hospital before but on this particular morning he had taken a turn for the worse and needed to be evaluated and diagnosed. Our main concern was that he might need to be put down in order to end his suffering.I called the care hospital as soon as they opened at 8 and they were able to see the dog at 9:15. Right away, they weighed our dog and got him a room. The admin staff, the techs and the vet were all very attentive, understanding, and kind. They were honest without being rude and never rushed us or pushed to influence a particular decision. In a time when emotions can run high it's nice to know vets like the care hospital are professional and caring. I'm going to continue to take my other old dog to the care hospital. I want them to be familiar with her when she has to pass on. But I take comfort in the fact that I can rely on her vet to take care of her and handle the important moments.
5	My background: I have 3 dogs and 3 cats and they all get the BEST care possible, at any cost.  I've taken them to many other vets in the area hoping for good care.  Three months ago, I need an appt for one of my dogs and couldn't get into my other vet for over a week. Then I found this place.  Dr. Jenkins is wonderful.  The staff (ladies at the desk and the vet techs) are all pleasant, kind and patient.  I don't feel like a number like at other vet clinics.  If you're frustrated with the other vets in Ahwatukee or around the valley, go to this one!  I'm sure all the vets are good, but I only know Dr. Jenkins and he is awesome.
5	I found this vet when I first moved to Arizona about five years ago. I brought my cat out from Virginia and it was time for her yearly shots. To preface, my cat has a cleft eye thing going on and she snorts a lot. This has never bothered her, but every vet I had taken her to pushed for exploratory surgery and other methods. The reason I was so happy after my first visit was because Dr Hertzig said, "well if it doesn't bother her, why mess with it?" I was totally sold after that! I love the front office staff, and both vets. Dr Jenkins did my cat's dental work and did a fantastic job. She healed beautifully with no issues. My dog doesn't mind coming here, and we are always treated well, and the service is prompt. Love these guys!
5	I only take my puppy Maddie here to get boarding while I'm on vacations and business travel. She is well taken care of as they have an indoor and an outdoor play area. There are separate runs for large and small dogs. The prices are reasonable. The people seem to really like animals and that's awesome when you're leaving your loved one with somebody for days. Plus, if anything happens to your animal while you're away, they have your phone number and vets on staff to treat any emergencies, with your permission. I highly recommend this place to people in the Chandler/Ahwatukee area who need good, trustworthy boarding for their pets.
1	I gave them one star because their only saving grace was that they had Saturday hours and could get me in pretty quickly. However, when I brought my cat home from a tooth extraction I noticed that they had left his catheter in his leg. I had to go to an after hours animal hospital to have it safely removed. When they (AAC) sent us home from the tooth extraction they said they had run out of pain meds and to come back the next day. When we came back they told us that 1) the pain meds that were to be administered every 12 hours wouldn't be in until an unknown time and 2) that the vaccines my cat was supposed to receive were over looked and never given. I wouldn't even trust them to care for a pet rock.Totally disgusted!
1	If I could give this place no stars I would, heck id give them negative stars. I have never taken my dog there, thank freaking goodness, whoever the heck Claudia is, she is EXTREMELY rude! And VERY condescending! If you love your pet DO NOT bring them here I can only imagine how she would treat your furry loved one if she treats you like crap!!! Go somewhere else!!!!
4	When it comes to a vet, we all must learn to he patient with, and understand that, the front desk and techs have very stressful jobs. There will be times, at any and every vet office that these people will have bad days. But, for the most part, they are there because they love animals and want to the best for your pets...With that said, I am writing this review solely based on my dog's vet, Dr. Hertzig. I have bringing my pitbull-mix here since I found her as a stray, almost four years now.When I first started going, it was because it was close to my house. I moved quite a bit away about two years ago, and I keep bringing my dog here because I believe in Dr Hertzig, and she is a very calm and comfortable doctor. She seems to really care for my dog, and is very easy to talk with and be around. She doesn't push me to do things I don't need for my dog, and is overall a very nice person on top of being a good doctor.I would recommend anyone new to the area, or looking for a new vet, try meeting Dr Hertzig, and see for yourself how well she will work for you and your pet.
