5	An awesome place to become a regular at! The food is wonderful as is the very friendly staff as they help you venture down new roads in Thai cuisine. I just enjoyed the Wonton soup, although similar to the Chinese version, this was full of taste, roast pork, veggies and homemade Wontons. The Shrimp rolls are outstanding and should not be missed. I was lucky and found the best Crying Tiger that I have ever eaten. It has changed the way that I eat beef. The sauce is remarkable. I think the best thing that I can share with those that have not experienced the Thai Cafe yet is that each dish is full of taste, and some heat, depending upon your wishes, but the heat never overpowers the dish. All that I can say is try it out for yourself, I hope that I haven't lost my seat there. Once the word is out, this is one restaurant that will be crowded for sure!
4	Perfect family activity - Hot Pot at Thai Cafe.Thai Cafe is a new restaurant right across the street from Chandler Fashion Mall. When, you first walk in, the atmosphere is quite modern, clean and very casual. I was attending a going away party where the host ordered 6 hot pots for 12 of us to share. If you have never experienced a hot pot, the servers put out a burner and bring a broth to a boil on your table. Then, you are served a plate of meat (I believe you can choose the more or less meat options) and fresh vegetables. Based on the number of people, you can cook everything at once or cook it individually. You are dealing with raw meat, so be careful with the use of your utensils. Don't use the same fork for touching the raw meat and feeding yourself. Please be sure to ask your servers, they are there to help you. The best part is the sauces. Once the meat is cooked, you can ladle some soup, meat and vegetables in a small bowl and add one of two type of sauces. In traditional Thai style, they have very distinct spices but they were both truly wonderful. I loved the experience and it was a treat to be out to eat and handling my own food and spice it just the way I like it. My mother is Thai and it definitely reminded me of making noodles at home. We also ate the satay, which was slightly overcooked but not bad and the chef made some homemade coconut ice cream which was sweet-goodness. I think this is a wonderful new addition to the Valley's ever-growing Thai restaurants. I wish I lived closer but it is worth my drive.  Strongly suggest checking it out.
5	This restaurant is awesome!  I STRONGLY recommend this restaurant to anyone in the Phoenix area.  The food is fresh, tasty, and creative.  It's the perfect family run neighborhood business!  Photos accompany the menu, so ordering is an absolute breeze for Thai food beginners.  I sampled the chicken satay and papaya salad for an appetizer.  Although quite spicy hot for my Midwestern pallet, the salad was a wonderful and unique beginning to the meal.  The satay was perfectly seasoned and grilled.  The peanut sauce that accompanied it was Heaven in a dipping bowl.  There were at least 12 dishes on the menu that I was aching to try. My dining partner and I opted to split two ubiquitous Thai dishes. The Pad Thai was simply delightful!  The dish was NOT weighted down with oil and tasted very fresh.  The Thai Fried Rice was also perfection-- we ordered ours with tofu.  I'm not a big fan of tofu, however, Thai Cafe prepared the tofu in a way that actually has me excited to eat tofu again.  I'm already planning my next trip to Thai Cafe.  The extensive soup and curries selections are calling my name!
5	The Thai Cafe is a beautiful new restaurant in a perfect location--right across from the Chandler Mall. I strongly recommend it to any fan of authentic Thai cuisine. I visited with my family and we sampled several dishes including the green curry, papaya salad and traditional pad thai. Everything was full of delicious flavors. The coconut milk in the curry had just the right amount of sweetness and the papaya salad had a nice blend of sweet and spicy, but was also quite refreshing. The menu is surprisingly extensive and accompanied by several photographs, allowing you to eat with your eyes. The waiter and other staff were incredibly attentive and the atmosphere was very low key and laid back, which was much desired after a long shopping day at the mall.I recommend this restaurant to anyone. I've already told many friends to go. I definitely will return.
4	It's a Thai explosion in Chandler -  not that I'm complaining.  Me and the missus stopped in for dinner.  Service- terrible, atrocious, slow, haphazard.  Food - delicious, spicy, cheap.  It's a good thing I lower my service standard for Asian places.  The family next to us waited forever for their food and I gotta say, God bless the father who took it all in stride patiently and enjoyed the food.  Who says there are no good people left, I think Chandler is full of them!
4	Pretty good place for lunch.  I had the pineapple fried rice with pork and it was really good.  Very large lunch menu as well as a pick two/three items from the buffet for a reasonable price.  The restaurant was very clean and the waitstaff was quite attentive.
5	Very delicious! Wish I can eat more!Talked to the owner and like what I heard about how they started the business. Great place to have family dinner. Monday seems to be the slowest day. Will try to bring the lunch club to the place.
4	Very nice place. The atmosphere is quite modern (for an asian resto in chandler), casual and clean. The food was almost as good as the Swadee Thai  Cuisine. It seems they kind of westernized the dishes a bit. They have an express lane for those in a hurry during lunch. On my first 2 of my many visits to this place, the waitresses seemed kind of new to what they were doing. I had to constantly flag them...No big deal (they were cute anyway...). The great thing was that the main Chef would make his rounds out on the dinning talking to customers whenever he wasn't busy in the kitchen!Overall it was a good experience!
4	Great food.  Good service.  Very clean and modern.  We had spring rolls, Fried Rice and Pad Tai.  All fantastic.
4	I took a group of 8 friends here last Friday night and everyone just loved it!  We had a diverse group, including some newbies to Thai cuisine but everyone had something that they enjoyed!The space is very clean and modern, and the menu is HUGE!!!  They have all the traditional Thai standards, but they also have some items you don't regularly see in most Thai restaurants around town.  I also felt that the prices were very reasonable, with most of the main dishes coming in at under $10!We ate and ate, and even had some room left for dessert!  We had both the Mango with Sticky Rice and the Fried Bananas dipped in honey...mmm!  The service was excellent, the waitress even gave us all our own checks...and then we find out it was her first night on the job!  The owner came over and talked with us a bit, such a nice man.Thai Cafe has officially earned a spot in my Thai restaurant rotation!
5	Great food.  Great service.  Super clean.  Lots of pictures on the menu.
3	When they say "Cafe" they mean it. It has a cafeteria feel inside. Do not come here for a first date :) Big menu. I got pineapple fried rice. It was OK. Place was clean.
4	Pretty good, Chandler~ Coming from LA, we have tons and tons of Thai restaurants. This is probably a better Asian restaurant I've had so far. Clean and friendly service with bright colors. We had the Green Curry and the Barbecue Chicken - both made right! The place is a traditional Thai restaurant whose owner is from Thailand himself. He was very nice and came over to introduce himself while we were having lunch. We finished off our meal with the Coconut Sticky rice which was yummy also.Only recommendation would be to have lunch special on the weekends. The entire meal put me in food coma/ sleep for the next 3 hours and I wasn't even hungry at dinner.
4	A MUST EAT! Addictive! Great staff!!!We absolutely love this place! And are becoming quite regulars! Clean and simple atmosphere, friendly and observant staff, family-owned and operated! Definately a recommendation!I love their pad thai ( not greasy or too sweet compared to others) - pineapple fried rice ( yummy!) - and their soups! Overall, 2 thumbs up! Way to go!   Highly recommend this place!!!
3	Came here for a quick lunch date with the BF. I had been eyeing this place since it opened. We live about 3 minutes away but never really go out for Thai food since I like to cook it at home. I've been checking out their menu online and saw that they had Thai Boat noodles! They are the only place that I've found so far that have it on their menu. So, we get an order of that, an order of Pad Thai, and an order of Larb. We also had Thai Iced Tea to drink. The Thai Boat noodles came out to be bland. I can taste a hint of flavor but it was very subtle. It came with beef and beef balls but no tendons, tripes or pork rinds =(  The Larb had a very mild flavor, too. I don't think they put toasted rice powder in theirs as I'm used to experiencing. Pad Thai though was very good! The flavor was right and the noodles were not overcooked. As for the Thai Tea, they state that they make the best in town guarunteed... umm I wouldn't say it's the best, but it was good.I see that they have lunch specials where your can order from the steam table, Panda Express style, for a quick lunch. That may be worth trying out... or I may just come here just for Pad Thai cravings.
4	It does have a bit of a cafeteria look, but it's very clean and tastefully decorated. The food is very good and reasonable. Thai red curry chicken is excellent.  We'll be back!
4	Was not in the mood to do the table for uno, so ordered take out as my first taste of the Thai Cafe. Atmosphere is very "cafe-like" and wasn't busy when I arrived. The first good sign was the aroma in my car which just got better after I began unboxing on the counter. I have never had such a large portion of papaya salad - amazingly fresh and light but could have been a tad spicer (thank goodness it wasn't though). The pad se eew, a good Thai litmus test,  was good (my kitten really liked it)  but not phenomenal - had the dark sweet sauce and not too much of the wok char flavor. But the panang...oh snap! Dizzyingly spicey for medium (I think they toyed with me)  but absolute curry-citrus-coconut milky perfection with a good amount of white meat chicken. Hooray for leftovers and a second fab Thai restaurant within 5 minutes of my house!
4	I agreed with some of the post that say this restaurant offered the items you don't regulary see in most Thai restaurant.  The menu is big and has many variety kind of food from noodles, rice, steak, curries and salad depends on what mood you're in. Pictures on the menu is a big help to kinda give you the ideas of what the food will look like. They did a really good job on that.Service is nice. In fact I got all the servers waiting on me.  Place is very clean and modern. The staffs were friendly and attentive. For a quick lunch it's nice to be able to grab 2-3 items food from what they called a la carte which is prepared food similar to Panda Express. The price is very reasonable for the amount of food you get. I would recommend anyone who want to try their a la carte to get in before 1.30pm for fresh food. Otherwise if you get there later than that it seems like the food is old and had been sitting there for a while.I have no complain about the food here. Food is always good and full of flavor. They have the best Pad Thai ever! Must try! I tried to order something different everytime I go there. So far so good.I got a kick out of reading the review below that give Thai Cafe 1 star. Seems like this is their first time having Thai food and they have no idea what to order. I went there on Friday and saw the happy hour stand on the table that says $1 off appetizer/salad between 5-something and during the football game. Also the Thai beer was only $3. I've never heard of chicken in papaya salad before. If I'm wrong please let me know but I think you're mistaken it for something else? Papaya salad is very refreshing by the way.Ginger salad is supposed to be grounded meat wasn't it? There was a picture on the menu I believe. I ordered mine with chicken. It had a very good flavor but too much ginger for me.Overall I have good experiences so far with this restaurant. It's our favorite Thai restaurant! Don't judge the place by the reviews, go try it yourself.
4	Tried this place out recently, and had a great experience, partially because of the great service we received.  I ordered Pad Thai, which I ordered mild because of stomach acidity concerns.  The dish ended up having pretty much no spice, and tasted slightly bland.  The flavors that were in the dish were all delicious, but was just kind of bland overall.  I think that if I had ordered it with more spice it would have been more flavorful, but sadly I did not.Also had an appetizer of fried calamari, which was extremely lightly fried, and tasted like tempura rather than the typical thick batter.  Served with a slightly spicy and sweet sauce it was extremely tasty with or without the garnish.I think I will go back sometime and try some other dishes, as their menu contains pictures of all their dishes, which all looked very appetizing.
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars, can't do 4.  Place is very clean, great service, good food.
4	Finally a place with good LAD NAA!  The menu has plenty to choose from and the prices are good.  The soups were also impressive with the amount of "stuff" that is served in them.  We tried the "shrimp rolls"(delicious!) and "fried wonton"(not bad) for appetizers.Nice place, big, clean, open space with plenty of seating and LCD tv's on opposite walls(great for nights like tonight when there's a game on).  I was told they opened 9 months ago, and wish I had found this place sooner!Extremely polite and helpful staff, with very fast service.  This is my new favorite Thai place in the East Valley!  Nice location across the street from the north side of the mall.
4	Good food for the price.We went their for my girlfriends b-day and were really happy with the food,service was ok the girl was a bit annoying coming over way too many times to ask if we were ready to order Entee's,we were waiting for a few more people to come,we had a bunch of apps ( Thai Toast,Sate,Fried Calamari and Shrimp Rolls, the calamari was reall really good.Nice and crispy), on the table.I got the the yellow curry with chicken,my GF got phad thai as usual,it was missing a little something just can't put my finger on it but the food was good none the less.It's not the best i've had since coming to AZ but i'll come back again fo sure.
4	I went to Thai Cafe for lunch, and I wasn't sure if I had been there before or not. But the atmosphere was not bad at all. The waitress who served us was polite and friendly, and the food was one of the better Thai cuisines which I have had the opportunity to consume in Arizona.  I had ordered Thai Iced Tea and the Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodle)  at the Thai Hot level of spice. It's level of spice definitely met the requested level of spiciness, and in fact, it was spicier than I had expected (and I actually prefer very spicy food, and they even said that I could have it spicier by my request). It also had a good flavor, and I followed my meal with a Thai Iced Tea Ice Cream which was very pleasing to my taste sense.  It was quite delicious. Though, I have to admit that the cost is not cheap, and I personally could not visit this restaurant frequently due to personal budget constraints. For my meal (including the drink and gratuity (but not the ice cream), it was close to $16. However, for my beverage, there was also a refill which I was not charged for.I had also tasted a friend's Papaya Salad (Som Tum) which was rated at a medium spice level; it did not taste spicy at all. So if you would like a flavorful Thai meal, with little or a lot of spice with good service but don't mind paying a little more money for the meal, then this may just be the Thai restaurant for you.
5	This place is the BEST!  My wife and I tried the Pad thai and the seafood noodle soup, and also the jungle curry..  all Thai hot.. YUMM.  on a different visit i tried the beef GUAY TEOW NAAM soup..Oh my, I really liked the broth, very nicely layered with flavor. I would have to say this is a great noodle soup, with a  thai twist..
5	Don't you just like people that are happy about what they're doing?  It's probably because they eat there!  If you find your self shopping at the Rack in Chandler, this is an excellent meal stop.  Order the delicious standards of Pad Thai, Pineapple Fried Rice and Satay medium to slightly hot, you'll still taste all the wonderful food and that winter cold will just wanna leave :)  Live long and prosper Thai Cafe...
5	hummm the smell going inside was already a prelude to the good dinner we were able to enjoy later. I came here to celebrate my mom2's birthday. We tried the thai hot pot and it was a good experience. We ordered portions for 2 persons and it is more than enough! Service is great, always smiley and ready to make you feel comfortable. A good place to return!
4	Ordered teh pineapple fried rice and pad see ew. Both were very delicious. More than enough food for two people - leftovers are great.'The decorations were very pretty. The only thing I didn't like were the menus that were in binders, a bit tacky.Will definitely try again!
5	This is tucked away behind a bank and a Red Robin restaurant.  But this is a great hidden treasure.  The Pineapple Pork Fried Rice and the Yellow Curry was out of this world.  I have wanted to go back to this restaurant now every day afterward for more.  Great service, great atmosphere, great prices, great food.  This is now on my rotation for restaurants to go to when I want quality, large proporations, and close to home.
3	They have high definition pictures of their menu items proudly displayed on the walls, and I like that.Regarding the Chicken Pad Thai. The chicken and tofu were cooked perfectly, but the noodles were a bit chewy.Spring rolls were great. The pic on the menu shows them served in halves, but they arrived at our table whole.My date had their Thai noodle bowl, and Id suggest skipping on the beef balls.  Also, its very bland if you order with no spice.The owner recommended that we vacation in Thailand.  He also offered to install new granite flooring in out home.  Travel agent, mason, restaurateur.  He does it all.
4	Tucked in the corner on the opposite side of the Chandler mall, blink and you may not even notice it.  Walking in the restaurant, you won't even suspect it's a Thai restaurant.  The contemporary decor makes this place not like the other traditional Thai places.  It's it's super clean as well.  On top of that, it uses Ikea plates/bowls.  Yes. I paid attention to the little details. :-).Now onto the food portion.  I came here a few times and tried a few dishes.  One of my favorites is the drunken noodles.  It wide flat stir-fried noodles are cooked to a comfortable texture.  Not too chewy and still tender.  This dish reminds me of the Chinese dish: Gan Chao He Fen (stir-fried hor fun) but without any beef and less greasy/oily.  All it has in it are the noodles, crispy onions, basil leaves and chili.  So simple, yet very delicious.  The basil leaves didn't overpower the dish at all.  I also tried their Stir-fried Thai Basil, which is one of their signature dishes according to one of their servers.  But that dish, the basil flavor was a bit too strong for me.Of course I have to try the comoon Thai food, the yellow curry and see how it compares to other Thai restaurants.  Their portions are huge.  I couldn't even finish it.  I asked for a medium and it was just the right amount of spiciness.  The curry sauce is thick and creamy and it comes with more vegatables than some of the other Thai restaurant.  This place has its unique spin on Thai comfort food, but still keeping the traditional taste.  Its slight changes from the usual makes this place a gem and worth trying out again and again.
2	I came here with high expectations after reading all the great reviews. The place itself is very clean, spacious, modern and awesome looking. The vegetarian springs rolls were very good for an appetizer. However, our entrees were extremely tasteless and bland.  And I mean extremely...shockingly so. My husband had the yellow curry and I had the pad thai. There just was no flavor in either dish. The ingredients were fresh and had potential, but I had to ask for a side of peanut sauce to try and add some flavor....and even the peanut sauce was pretty bland. I seriously thought they forgot to finish the spicing of the dishes or something. Oh well, I would say there are much better places for Thai food, like Yupha's or Wild Thaiger!  They need to spice it up and add more flavor to their dishes and then I'll come back!
2	Blech!  I thought the restaurant was sterile looking.  I felt like I was eating in a hospital cafeteria.I asked for vegetarian soup.  I got a soup that tastes completely like fish broth.  I asked for it to be remade without the fish sauce.  I got a super hot soup when I had ordered medium.  I was again unable to eat it.Ordered the green curry with tofu.  Flavorless with hard potatoes.  I will not eat here again.
1	Update.......... Ughhhhhhhhhh as it happens like oh so many times this place now really has gone down hill.I had just given it a real great review on 12/20/10 and when we went there yesterday for mothers day lunch IT WAS AWFUL.!!! Why,why,why dammit! do restaurant owner ruin a good thing when it's going well,eveytime i have been there it has been busy and i had been there at all different times of the day and week to see how the food was to compare it each time.This time the appetizer was terrible fried chix toast was greasy,fish cakes tasted old,the spring rolls were inedible.Chix sate was made w/dark meat and the peanut sauce was too runny and flavorless,Phad Thai was bland w/no tofu or eggs(they're actually charging $1.50 for a single egg to add) i had the green curry w/ chix and it was runny and flavorless as well.It really SUCKED!!!! and we wont be going back anytime soon.
3	The pictures made this Thai joint a more exciting place to visit.  I enjoyed my food here.  I ordered the Red Curry medium spice.  I was tasty but nothing to rave about.  Pad See Ew of course was ordered, but I didn't get much kick out of it.  I think I enjoyed looking at their plating more then the taste.  Service was good.  The decor I must say --- Finally!  Something different for once at a Thai restaurant! - Enjoy!
3	Loooove this place.  We live in Scottsdale and will drive all the way down to Chandler just to eat here.  It is the best Thai Restaurant we've been to.  Their drunken noodles (american hot) and Pad Thai with Chicken (also american hot, please) is just so delicious.  It's like dessert to me, I could eat it all day long.   The portions are generous.  I have had only 1 night, negative experience here.  Never the food, but one day, I invited friends to meet us there and unfortunately.. (my luck), there was a family with a kid that was jumping around on the benches and playing with some kind of migraine-inducing-toy... and the staff was too nice to tell that family to cut it out!!  It wasn't until about half hour later, the dad and the kid were in the hallway killing time (god knows why) and the kid was so loud that every guest in the restaurant was now making remarks or looking disgusted and finally the staff told the dad to take it outside.  Unbelievable.  Also, it's too bad but that night we were served by one girl (The only non-asian waiter at the time).. and our friends asked her what was good, and she had an attitude about her.  She said, "they don't let me taste this food for free so I have no idea".  Just generally, she sounded pretty miserable.  I've been back twice since and haven't seen the girl yet.  I'm sure she'll see to it that they let her go if they haven't already. Despite that one negative evening.....  Can't give this place anything less than 5 stars.  To the owners, please, please...  don't stop what you're doing.  I'm moving down there again soon and plan on eating there for as long as you keep that going.**** Update: ownership has changed and so has my rating.
3	So since its close to home and they a few dishes that I like I give it a 3/5. Place is clean nicely decorated. Signature dishes like pad thai panaang and the red yellow and green curry are all good. I saw a few other people reference the drunken noodles which were also great. They could easily bump up to a 4 if the soup was tasty. There tom yum kha (coconut soup is  too creamy and not enough flavor. The chicken in it is very rubbery and I had two different times. The time we ordered shrimp they brought us raw shrimp and wanted us to dump it in there once the soup comes to a bowl and that particular soup dish was not that great either. The mushrooms they use in there are not the ones you usually find in thai soups either. Very squishy and slimy. Very reasonable price refills on thai tea and good service. So maybe i give it a 3.9
4	Our fav thai restaurant in Tempe had closed down so we have been on the hunt for our new go to thai joint. I am pretty sure we found it. The tom kha is good. My wife got the pineapple curry and I got the pineapple fried rice. Both were tasty and good portions. I liked the atmosphere, it was busy and clean.
3	I was looking for a new Thai spot and I found this spot... I entered the restaurant to a growing trend of mine I am the only customer in the place. I was seated really fast and looked around the place was super clean... I looked over the menu and went with the drunken noodles with a rib eye up grade spice level 8 of 10... I rate the experience as followed.Drunken Noodles - B The meal was pretty good it was not really spicy so if you're not in to hot food your safe... I did find some gristle in the meal that I was not impressed with but I would say I will be back again.
3	Ordered Pad Thai (N1) for the very first visit. I like it very much. It is not oily and the taste is good. For the second visit, I ordered Lad Naa (N2) with American hot. The spiciness is just nice. The dish was served with gravy and the rice noodles were very hot. For the 3rd time, I ordered Pad See Eaw (N3) for take out, with American hot as well. However, it is totally not spicy at all. I think they forgot about it. It was very oily and I needed to scoop out the oil. The taste is nice though. Overall, the food was nice. I think I will go there again since it is so near to me.
4	I am addicted to Thai food and I get my regular fix is La's Thai. This time, we were around Chandler mall and wanted to try a new place. Though a bit pricey, the food was great and the portions are huge. I got Drunken noodles triple Thai hot and my wife got an Thai iced tea and Panang Tofu and we shared the vegetable tempura. The food was amazing...Panang Tofu was a bit flat but I have to blame myself as I didn't take the waitress' suggestion. By the time we were done, the owner came in and talked to us and gave a breif history of the foods we just had and asked us to watch the football game with him... I loved everything about the place...good food, friendly and attentive waitress and overall feeling that we are welcome at the place...I am keeping one start till I try couple more things.
5	This place was a pleasant surprise!  The interior as other yelpers described it is pretty sterile, but the food is far from that!  First off I'd like to point out that Jungle Curry (which I ventured to try for the first time here)  is the epitome o' the opposite of favoritest things in the universe.  They gladly took it back and exchanged it for the Massaman Curry.That being said, I love lamp.........and this place.  The massaman curry was rich, creamy and curryful, and with the help of the tableside chili powder bowl, all kinds of spicy!Spicy deep fried fish? FUGGEDABOUTIT! Not a whole fish as I was expecting, and only about 6 good sized pieces, but lawd haveth mercy, it was phenoms.  The mound of fried Basil atop was a very nice and tasty touch.Crying Tiger was the bees.  Granted I am a steak lover and the steak was cooked a little longer than it should be for medium rare, the dish was guud.
5	Clean.  Fast, friendly service.  Great food.  All seven of us really enjoyed our lunch here.  We went a few weeks ago, so it's a little difficult to remember everything we ordered.  We ordered 6 dishes I believe and shared.  Massaman Curry, Drunken Noodles and the Pad Thai dishes were excellent.  Great flavor and the spices on the table allowed those of us to get things as hot as we wanted.We'll definitely be back when we're in the area again.
1	This was probably my worst experience in a restaurant. The staff wasn't rude, but their incompetence was staggering. I've noticed half the reviews of this establishment are either four or five stars, or one or two stars. Which means you run about a fifty percent chance of having a terrible time here. I guess I was one of those unlucky ones.I went there today to eat lunch with a friend. I was immediately struck by the decor, which definitely had a cafeteria vibe as mentioned by other reviewers. We were approached by three different very confused servers, it seemed they weren't sure who was responsible for our table. Eventually we ended up with a new server who didn't seem to have a very good grasp of English. We ordered the spring rolls, I ordered a thai iced tea, and my friend ordered a curry lunch special. I ordered the thai noodle bowl lunch special, medium spicy, with pork. I had to tell her what I wanted four times. She didn't seem to understand. I pointed out the item on the menu to show her and she still looked confused but seemed to write it down. After she left I jokingly said to my friend "Well that's not a good sign, I hope we get what we order". A little while later someone else shows up with my drink, they bring me a thai coffee, not the thai iced tea I had ordered. I don't really like thai coffee but I am not in the habit of complaining in restaurants so I just decided to drink it anyway. We get our spring rolls which were very good btw, and we wait. And wait. About an hour passes and finally someone brings us the check. I am super confused. I tell the girl that brought the check "Um, we never got our food? Just the spring rolls?" She is also confused and goes to the kitchen to figure out what is wrong. Apparently it is our server's first day, and after she took our order she never gave it to the kitchen. WTF. She just gave it to the cashier to ring it up. So we proceed to wait some more. FINALLY we get our food. My friend gets his order. I get... something stir fried with no noodles. I was really craving noodles big time, so I go to find someone and tell them "excuse me, I didn't get the right order, I ordered the thai noodle bowl and the item I received has no noodles". About ten minutes later the manager comes by and I have to show him on the menu what I ordered. I tell him again, thai noodle bowl lunch special, with pork, medium spicy. So my friend starts eating and I wait for my food. Finally I receive a noodle bowl, but it is not the right one. I get a noodle bowl with no spice at all (instead of medium) and fish balls with fried tofu. I hate tofu, but I try it anyway to see if I can eat it. At this point I'm pretty much done. I hate to be the person complaining, but I really can't eat this so next time I see someone (bringing us the check) I ask to see the manager again. I tell him I yet again got the wrong order (still politely, even though I'm pretty upset at this point) and he offers to again try to bring me the right item. I tell him at this point we've been here about an hour and forty five minutes and I just want to leave and to please take it off the bill. I am never going here again. I don't think I've ever complained to a manager in a restaurant before, but there were just too many issues to ignore. Please save yourself the trouble. I would just blame it on the new server, but even the manager couldn't get my order right. :(
4	I'm originally from San Jose, and not that I'm an expert, but let's just say I've had some great Thai food from there since Thai Restaurants are around every corner. I've been in AZ over 6 years now and been to many expensive Thai that came highly recommended all over Phoenix area and I've been disappointed every time. That being said, I came to Thai Cafe expecting to be disappointed again, but man was I wrong. Not only was the food fresh, and inexpensive, it had all the flavors that I'm used to. I was so happy to find a place so close to me. I love this place and not only do I recommend it, but I've been back many times and can't get enough of the many Curry Chicken flavors.Few reasons I'm not giving them 5 stars 1. Is because they don't have Chicken Lettuce Wraps. I know, I know that's not really Thai, but they can so easily make it.2. I really haven't tried other dishes besides all the flavors of curry.3. The atmoshpere is a little too bright and the TV should go.4. Service needs a little help. But the food is Delish and again, I know when restaurants have their meat frozen or fresh, and I can definitely tell their chicken is fresh and tender. Love it.
1	Don't Try this Thai!For the first time in weeks my wife got to have dinner without the kids and decided to got out for on of our favorites, Thai and try a new place -- Bad Idea.We ordered tofu soup, BBQ chicken and green beans with shrimp from a very nervous waiter who was obviously very new. We order unsweetened iced tea to drink. We specifically asked to have the soup FIRST.Five minutes later waiter comes back and says that are out of Tea. No Tea in an Asian restaurant? REALLY?Twenty five minutes later we finally see the waiter and wave him over. I ask him about the soup and remind him we want it BEFORE the meal. Five minutes later we get the soup....with no bowls of silverware (another waiter get them for us) ONE MINUTE after we get our soup we get our meal! By the way, the tofu soup...HAD NO TOFU!Despite getting the meal with the soup against our wishes, we pressed on. Unfortunately they gave us the wrong shrimp dish. It took us five minutes to explain to what appeared to be the owner/managers wife the mistake and another ten minutes to get the right dish.We try to eat the BBQ chicken but it was so dry I actually got into a five minute choaking fit...No one came to see if I was OK OR fill my water glass that was EMPTY FOR 10 MINUTES!After waiting and looking to get the check we finally get it from the nervous waiter.... but it include the Iced Tea they were out of so we waited 10 minutes for him to ask him to remove that charge from the bill. 15 MINUTES LATER they come back with the proper bill!!My normally calm and understanding wife finally asked to speak to a manager. The older asian lady came out and told us the manager was not in and proceeded to blame the kitchen for all the mistakes and said "I am only one person, I cannot do everything"Frustrated we left our table. I noticed a older Asian man walking around the restaurant so I asked him if he was the owner/manger and he said yes he was. I began to explain our issues with dinner and service, he incredibly lost his ability to speak english. We left vowing to never to return again.The old Asian lady did give us a generous 10% discount on our bill. That and the fact that I left a ZERO tip for the first time in my life made the meal inexpensive. I'll give them 2 stars for that LOLThe owners should fire everyone, close the doors and find new careers.**UPDATE**After seeing this review, the owner's son sent me a note saying he was sorry and offering me a free meal once they have their staffing issues resolved. I refused the free meal but said I would come back once resolved and if better, I would update the review.Stay Tuned.
4	This is a great Thai restaurant. The prices are extremely fair for what you get-- I always get two meals out of one entree-- and the flavors are spot on. I also love that they do free refills on Thai iced tea. I've never been to another restaurant that does that. The service isn't the best I've ever had, but it's not horrible, either.
4	I would give this place 5 stars except they use the same 'spicy sauce' for every entree it seems like. A 'crying tiger' has special spicy lime sauce. Not random spices in a cilantro based sauce. It's so spicy you can't even taste the flavor. Argh. But other than that the meat was seasoned perfectly! Soo delish :)
4	Open on Sunday! We shared thai basil and a pot of tom yum soup. The service was excellent and we liked our dish so much we ordered another one to go. I also loved how clean and neat everything was! We will definitely be coming back.
3	The food was very good, well prepared. The servers are a bunch of college kids who like their jobs - they constantly push the hot sauce! Atmosphere was like a dinner, a nice casual place to eat good Thai food. I'm going back!
4	This place is amazing, I've had Thai food quite a few times and have had many different curries! The yellow curry from this place is awesome!!!!!! Also the Larb and Nom Sod was excellent and flavorful!
4	I have only tried appetizers and thai tea here but everything I ordered was good. The restaurant has a large dining room and the service is attentive and very friendly.
5	My roommate just showed this place to me.  Good Thai food has proven to be very difficult to find in the Phoenix area.  Seems everyone here has very low standards for thai food.  The places that are popular I've noticed are extremely bland.  Anyway I ate here the other night, and again today.  I've tried 3 dishes so far.  Pad Thai, Pad Se-ew, and the Drunken Noodle.  Along with Spring Rolls and a Thai coffee.  Everything so far has tasted excellent.  FINALLY.  Really looking forward to trying some other dishes.  Was happy with the service, the waitstaff was attentive and the food came promptly.  I would definitely recommend this place.
1	I love Thai food and have had it often.  This food was disappointing.  Chicken was minced and green beans raw.  I asked for eggplant added to my dish and it was not prepared correctly.  We left money on the table and left with only eating a few bites.
1	I can't give this place 0 stars?  Too bad.We've been here a couple times and have liked the food however my most recent trip led me to 5 days (and counting) of the worst bacterial gastroenteritis, two trips to urgent care and countless hours of misery.  Will be making a complaint to Environmental Health.For you health - do not go.And the service sucks.
2	Don't go here if you are looking for good service..We have been here a few times now and probably will not be going back. There are plenty of other Tai places around the Tempe/Chandler area that offer better food and much better service (I.E. Totts (they do have Thai items), Thai Rama, Thai Basil)I am not looking for the 4-season's of Service here but a Server should just know the Basics (its not that hard).  Regarding the food: Food was OK, a bit small in portions for the $, but decent overall. I have had a few items here including  the - Lad Nar, couple of curry dishes and a Hot Pot dish. So what was wrong with the service...OK, so here it is (and the place was empty):1) There seemed to be 2-servers that asked us within 2-min of sitting down what we wanted to eat. Ummm...Well, I really have not looked at the menu yet and why are there 2-of you asking us.2) Meals came out about 3min apart  from each other. So my wife is just watching me eat.3) Had to ask 2X to fill my water (never once did they do it without me asking and i am chewing on ice for a few min)4) Napkin on Plate and the guy came to drop a bill off and not take away the plate...Just an FYI: napkin on plate means I am done :-)5) The guy came back to grab the bill and my Amex was in there. He said "we don't take American Express"....OK, so you don't take American express, which is fine. Lots of Restaurants don't take it but they usually say "Hey, sorry but would you mind paying with a Visa or Mastercard as we don't take Amex here". 6) So I paid with my Visa and my empty plate filled with my napkin is still there and the guy came back 3x and must have seen it or didn't really carePeace out Thai Cafe...We won't be back.
5	I had a hankering for a good noodle dish last week and happened upon this gem of a thai joint.  Over the past year I have stopped in regularly for both the pad see ew as well as the pad thai.  They have also added thai sandwiches for 3.99 lately! This is a great spot for soups, dessert's, noodle dishes, and curries.  If you are in the chandler fashion square area do yourself a favor and swing by the Thai cafe!
2	Food was decent but the wait was way too long for over-priced average Thai food. Would not return.
4	After reading some of the other reviews, I was a little skeptical.  But, either we went on a really good day or the owners really paid attention to all of the comments, because we didn't have any issues.  Our waitress was on top of it, our food came out super fast, we never ran out of water or had dirty plates on our table, or had to wait for the check.  The restaurant is pretty nice inside as well.We haven't found Thai food in the area that matched our favorite restaurant back home, this place comes really close!  My husband had the chicken pad thai and he asked for the spiciest he could get (double spice if anyone is interested).  He can handle extreme heat, and at most places he can't even taste the spice.  Here, he definitely tasted it, and really appreciated that they could bring the heat.  I had the tom yum soup and the papaya salad which were both excellent!  I haven't tried the buffet so I can't comment on that.The reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I do agree that it is a little pricey.  For instance, I paid $6 for my bowl of soup.  I would say most items are a buck or two more than I would expect, so nothing too terrible.
4	I like trying new things and I love curry, so I decided to get a plate I've never tried before.  The portion size was huge.  I ordered this:MASSAMAN CURRY (GANG MASSAMAN)  $  9.95Massaman curry paste cooked with coconut milk, roasted peanuts, potatoes & onionsMy friends said it looked gross and looked like vomit because of the color of the curry, and wanted to order something new for me lol.  I ate it.  It was good to me, different that's for sure.  It had a lot of curry sauce which allowed me to eat all the rice.  It had too much potatoes though.Another dish my friends and I ordered and shared:SPICY CHARBROILED MEAT SALAD (YUM) $8.95Grilled meat flavored with lime, fish sauce, chili, tomato, cucumbers & onions (beef, chicken, or pork).  This one tasted pretty plain.  My friend who loves this dish thought it sucked big time.  I second that.One friend who lives in the area said this place is like a fast food version of a regular sit down restaurant.  The food's not that great, but decent.
4	Great service, huge menu.  Don't get discouraged, everything comes out quickly and correctly!
2	I'm so disappointed in the direction this place has taken... When it first opened, it was AMAZING!  Everything we tried was outstanding, the prices were reasonable, the staff was friendly.  I recommended it to everyone and thought I had finally found "my" Thai place.  ...and then they went under new management.  It was all downhill from there.  The service became worse, but what really became bad was the food.  The portion sizes decreased.  The panang curry, which used to be creamy and delicious is now watered-down and over-spiced.  The pad Thai is bland.  The Nam Sod, which used to be my favorite dish, is now watery and doesn't taste fresh as it used to.  They became really inconsistent with their spicing, too.  We used to be able to order hot and know what to expect.  Now if you order hot, you'll either get hardly spiced at all, or so dang hot that you can't eat more than 3 bites.  And we prefer our food spicier than most, so that's saying something.   This just makes me sad.  I wish the original owners were still there, or at least had given the new management some training before bowing out . I thought I had found "the one" but now I continue my search.
1	Only thing this place had going was the convenience of the buffet. Now gone service and food always subpar.  New ownership?.   Still not near the quality of anything in 20 mile radius.   Don't waste ur time
1	Food was ok but the service was less than exceptable. The server was eating food while holding our salads. We were not offered options for what came with the meal. There were 3 other couples in there and all were making the same comments of how slow the service was. I had to ask for every refill and we waited a long time to pay.
1	Went when they said they were open (M-F 11-2pm) but they werent. This has happened a few times... disappointed in their inconsistent ability to open their doors...so I wont go back.
4	I think this place is closed.  Number is no longer in service.  I really liked it so too bad.
1	Closed
3	In the few times I have visited I always get the Pad Thai with fried tofu. The service at the Thai Cafe has always been quick during normal lunch hours. Nothing out of the ordinary but very efficient and the staff have always been friendly.  I don't find the decor objectionable it's clean and kinda stark I'm not sure what the other reviewers were expecting.  I always order medium which kinda seems to be a rough guess.  Sometimes it is blazingly hot and sometimes barely spicy.  So it might be kinda risky if you can;t tolerate super spicy food.Try:  - Pad Thai with fried tofu
