2	The pedicure was great. They give great foot massages. The lady who did my nails was rushing for some reason and didn't put  a second layer polish on my nails. So if I hold my nails up to light you can see through the polish.
4	I like Modern Nails. The guy that did my peddi's did a great job and I love their tier level pricing on Peddi's: - Mini Pedicure - $15 - Mini Manicure Spa-Pedicure - $25 - Mini Classic Pedicure - $20 - Classic Pedicure - $25 - Luxury Pedicure - $40This allows you to have different peddi's every 2 weeks or month and save money instead of having 1 type of pricing. If you haven't had a peddi in a very long time, I suggest in doing the luxury peddi and for those that just need a little update once every 2 weeks, I suggest doing the $15 mini Peddi.
5	Went in today for my manicure/pedicure and Lisa did an amazing job! She was very precise and paid attention to details. My nails look great.They do take walk ins but it's always better to make an appointment just to avoid the wait.
1	Worst nail place ever! Came in to get a ped/full set. As I was choosing my polish, I tried them on separately on my nails. I finally chose my polish, but still had the remaining polish on my nails. I got my pedicure done, which was quick and thorough. The place started to get busy, so asked my pedicurist if he had time to give me a full set. He quickly said no and said that they were busy. I would have been ok with it, but atleast have the decency to remove the polish that was on my nail when I had tested out the polish, worst 25 bucks ever spent! Never again
3	I Yelped it after I pulled in (I was only in the area to meet a friend and I was very early) and was pleasantly surprised by the reviews. I am extremely picky about my nails and so was feeling lucky.I walked in on Friday evening and they took me right away. There were a few customers getting nail or pedicure services, the place is bright and clean (if a bit in need of some color and a sprucing up), and everyone seemed nice. It was a welcoming entrance so I felt it was a good choice so far.I sat down with Jane and asked for a new set (acrylic tips). She pushed the pink and whites a bit too much, but was nice enough to take No for an answer and proceed with the regular tips.She did a great job, took her time, was firm but gentle, and did exactly as I asked. Even as we shaped them (I can be a bit... stubborn.... about how my nails look) she was careful, attentive, and did a fantastic job. She was conversational but also appropriately quiet; we would chat here and there and she was very nice. It was also nice just to relax and enjoy the few minutes of respite before the evening got hectic.People were coming in after I sat down and the shop was getting quite busy. Because I was already in a chair and paying for services, Jane  asked me if I wanted a pedicure, too (offering it to me ahead of any new customers). I appreciated that and, If I had the time, would have taken her up on it. Three stars instead of 4 because the topcoat just doesn't want to stay shiny (it's only been a couple days); that's a commentary on product quality (or lack thereof). She also could have done a little better on cuticle cleanup. However, the nails themselves are done well, within my specific requests, and the staff was great. I will go back.
4	I was in need for a pedicure and lived in the area so I decided to try out Modern Nails. I was lucky and didn't have to wait. The manicurist Kitty was very attentive and conversated with me. Which I think is very important. She was thorough with my pedicure and gave a good foot massage. The only odd thing was she jetted out the door after my pedi, I guess for personal reasons. I said thank you but it was a bit weird. Ohh well, Overall I will definitely be checking out this place again! Clean, lots of chairs, and watched a good movie while getting a pedi. Not too bad.
5	Great nail salon with well experienced ladies working in the shop! The prices are great and the quality of service is immensely better than any other salon I have been to on this side of town. Also huge selection of both gel and regular polish allowing you to get the colors you want and they have a great variety of 3d art! Def. check them out you will not be disappointed I have seen both Jane and Annie and they so an amazing job every time of my acrylics!!
1	Horrible gel mani/pedi. It was not only rushed but it was poorly done and the tips were incredibly crooked. Never again will I come here.
5	Annie is great!! She always does my gel Mani and pedi. Great glitter choices! She always get new colors too.
5	This has been my salon of choice for about six years. Friendly and skillful in their work. They offer a variety of services with a wide selection of products. Kitty has been my nail tech for mani and pedi but all the techs are excellent. Nice massage chairs and medium pricing.
5	I really only like to spend money where I feel appreciated. Annie makes me feel welcome and like she genuinely cares.  Annie does an amazing job on my gel nails. This is why I come back for her professionalism and the conversation she gives me. She also gives a great Hand Massage;)Everyone in this shop has been nice at every experience. I highly recommend this place.!
4	I have been coming to Modern Nails for the past three years on and off, as I moved further away. However, I am often of that side of town, and find that it is worth the trip. It's not overly glamorous or trendy, but they do an amazing job on my nails every time, and are very friendly. They don't try to push or upsell you all the time, and they work very hard to ensure your nails are quality. I have had weak fingernails after having gels on for too long, and they suggested I come back in a few weeks before applying new ones. I appreciate their honesty, when they could have easily taken advantage.
5	Love this salon. They always do a great job & I always get compliments on my nail job. Steven did my nails today. I got a fill for my pink & white gel with glitter silver line & he did a perfect job. Not only do my nails look great but he made sure that they are secure.  Which is great. Will be coming back in 2 weeks! And what also sets them apart or maybe it's timing, but I never have to wait (with appt). Other places could have you wait almost 30 minutes with an appt! Entire staff are very friendly too! They also have a huge selection on the new luxury gel colors.
5	First time here with my sister, cousin and David! We walked in and was greeted promptly and prepped for our mani pedi. They are very nice and did a very good job! We will definitely come back. It's our new favorite nail salon! Modern Nails!
5	Kitty is the best.This place is amazing. The prices are  They do a great job every time. The pedicures are so good. They really scrub and exfoliate your feet. My polish never chips and I constantly get compliments on my nails. My nails look so natural people never even know I have acrylic on. They are thin and cutely shaped. She does an awesome job. Very clean and professional staff. They have a huge selection of regular and gel colors. They also offer waxing service. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	This is a great salon! Clean and friendly. I have really small nails and my gel manicure came out perfect! I came in at 10am on a Saturday as a walk in and didn't have to wait. I thought that was a bad sign but was very happy with the service and my mani!!!
5	I have been coming here for years and the services are always great. Jane does an amazing job along with the other girls in the shop. They always have a wide variety of gel polish colors and regular polish colors. Also they have fun acrylic styles and 3d art that you can add to your nails! Prices are great and services exceed other shops in the area!
2	I have come here a couple times with my friend who goes here regularly. It is a decent nail salon; decent prices & location, clean stations and bathroom... but the reason I give this salon 2 stars is because while I was getting a manicure, my stylist was conversating [in Cantonese] with her co worker next to her on and off and when another customer walked out of the salon, my stylist immediately says to her co worker next to her in plain English, "Don't talk about her [customer who just walked out], she speaks Cantonese." It's one thing to discreetly talk shit about your customers in your own language right in front of them. I am well aware that happens in lots of salons. But it is a whole nother level of RUDE to basically admit [in plain English] in front of other customers that you talk about the customers in ways they may not appreciate if they could hear you. Definitely did not make me feel very comfortable or welcome. I will not return.
