5	My wife and I chose One Fine Day to snap our wedding pictures. The venue we decided to have our wedding at recommended One Fine Day, along with 2 or 3 other photographers. After doing our research and meeting with 2 of those photographers, we decided that we liked Anne's photography style the best. The one thing that really stood out to us and quickly got our vote was that Anne's style is a blend of your traditional-style wedding photography, mixed with a sort of "edgy" feel that gives the photos more character and more unique visual displays to the viewers. After meeting her for the first time, we loved her! She was hospitable, helpful, very knowledgeable, and personable. We could tell right away she knew what she was doing (I know she has many years of experience in photography). She had numerous photo albums that displayed her work over the last several years, and the albums available from which we could choose as part of our purchase. Every time we emailed Anne, she would respond to our questions quickly. Same goes for phone calls.Wedding day report: Anne and her assistant Gina, who was awesome too, were early to the venue and were ready to take our groomsmen pictures right away. My wife felt super comfortable with them and made the comment to me that she felt like they were friends taking her pictures, yet remained professional. Anne gave us the option to try some different poses and shared her creative ideas for some unique shots. Our confidence in the product we are getting compiled with Anne and Gina's personalities made our special day that much more enjoyable. We still have about 3 weeks until we see our wedding pictures, and we can't wait! Update to follow.
5	The wedding pictures turned out amazing, and our album is unreal. Anne did an absolutely phenominal job with our photos. Everything turned out perfect. Through the entire process of hiring Anne, everything worked out well. She was a pleasure to work with. It was well worth the money for the experience, and finished product we received. I highly recommend One Fine Day for your wedding photographer.
5	When looking for a Photographer for our BIG DAY, we decided that we wanted creative and unique photos, not the ordinary scenes you see in every Wedding Album. Choosing a photographer was the hardest decision we had to make when choosing vendors. Photos are the most important memories of your day, because good or bad, you will have them for a lifetime. Anne and Doug were absolutely an additional highlight to our day. Words cannot describe how happy we were with our photos. The only thing harder than choosing a photographer, was trying to choose which photos to put in our album because there were so many we loved!Anne was wonderful to work with from the beginning when creating a package that fit our needs. Anne and Doug were an awesome team together who captured all of our special unique moments on our wedding day.  We could not have asked for a better team to make our day more enjoyable, and catch all of our memories on film. If you are on a budget, and are not sure about spending more on your photos - think again! Make your adjustments on your bar allowance or flowers or whatever is not going to last a lifetime! One Fine Day -Anne and Doug were worth every dime and more!
5	I came across this accidentally and can not help myself but post!  It has been a minute since our wedding (2005) but I must say choosing One Fine Day was one of the best decisions I made!  I was not thin, young, or model pretty, and I wanted a photographer who could produce just one photo I could live with.  I have always hated photos of myself.  Anne was beyond phenomenal and I love my pictures.   She and her team went beyond all expectations and I would recommend (and have!) them to anyone.  Thank you One Fine Day for capturing our Sedona wedding on 3-4-5.
5	She did my senior pictures years ago and they were great!  I have gotten so many compliments on them over the years and would recommend her to anyone for any occasion. What a fantastic experience!
