1	We just received terrible service at Grand Canyon JCP Portrait studio. I was running late for session with my two babies. I was total late for 6 min and manager Christine terribly blew us off.  Wow :(  They already had a couple of customers   when we walked in and it was obvious that something got messed up in their timing. She looked very stressed out and raised her voice on us saying that they wont take us in and we have to re-schedule despite of my explanation that we are just 6 min late and it's hard with two babies. She said that she has 20 min per customer and we are too late, she is not going to take us in.  It was a Groupon deal. I'm not coming back and I'm telling all my friends about this rude service. It takes away all the joy of getting pictures taken.
4	JCP Portraits is an awesome photography studio!  I have been using this location since was daughter was born, so i am pretty familiar with this location.  All of my daughter milestones have been recorded on film here.  I only have good things to say!Here are the reasons why I think this place is the bees knees:1. The staff is super friendly!   I have dealt with several of the photographers and all have been wonderful.  The standouts would have to be Chrissy and Lani.  Since I have only done baby and toddler pictures here, the photographers have really had to work during the shoot, especially with my kiddo in full 2 year old toddler mode.  They never get frustrated or aggravated at the little ones when they are being uncooperative, unlike the parents of the kids but that is a different story for a different time!  2. The quality of the photo shoot.  When you arrive, the whole process starts off great.  Everyone is happy and helpful.  When you go into the studio, the photographers offer fun ideas and cute props for the shoot.  They also spend a lot of time trying to get really good shots of the subject.  This can be really challenging with kiddos and the people I have worked with have the patience of Job!3.  The beautiful portraits!  After your photo session, all of the prints are digitally uploaded for you to review.  You can look at each picture up close and really make sure you are happy.  You can even add things like borders, print patterns, and even make collages.  It is really fun to be able to be part of the creative process from the start to finish.4. The online part of the portrait studio.  The JCP Portrait website is easy to navigate.  You can make appointments online to suit your schedule.  You can review your prints online and order additional prints or fun items like phone covers, mugs, and keychains, just to name a few.5. The email club!  If you are interested in getting pictures, sign up for the JCP Portrait email club.  They offer great deals via email every month.  They also send you coupons regularly on all sorts of products that they offer.6.  The prices.  I think the prices on the items you get are very reasonable.  If you use your email coupons, you can really get some great deals.  The quality is high and the prices are great.  The only reason I didn't give them a 5th star would be the limited amount of backgrounds and props.  I say this because I have been going for such a long time that I have done a lot of the ideas that they have.  I have used almost all of the props and backgrounds over the past 2 years.  I wish they would change up the fun backgrounds a little more often.  I also would love some more fun props and ideas.  Also some of the props need to be switched out.  On a previous visit, some of the props were broken or missing pieces (The props in question were beaded necklaces).  The photographer made it work and we got some cute pictures, but we could have done so much more if the props were in better condition.Overall though, I would recommend JCP Portraits to anyone and everyone!  They do a great job and you will be happy with your photos!
1	Terrible service!! Manager needs to be change, she doesn't know what's customer service. When I told her what I wants, she said we don't have time to do it. She just did whatever she wants but not me. We would never ever go back to that studio ( Grand Canyon JCP Portrait). And I would not recommend to any of my friends or family. Terrible experience!!
4	Super friendly staff.I have to say that it wasn't surprising that the appointment times were not exactly on target, considering each sitting was about twenty minutes apart.   However, once in your sitting, you're given the full attention and provided every type of picture available.I do find it somewhat amusing that they go into the backroom and do some quick Photoshop for  framing and such.   I think it's part of their JCP Portrait software, but it was rather amusing.In any case, definitely worthwhile for family pictures, and I would definitely come again.
