2	this was some of the worst chinese food i've ever had. everything i ordered was incredibly salty. the tofu was not cooked very well and the fried rice, aside from being too salty, was rather bland. plus they didn't throw in any spicy mustard.on the plus side, the food was pretty cheap, and the delivery was free and quick.this place might be good in a pinch, but otherwise seek out better chinese options.
1	I cannot express how much you should stay away from this place.  I've had horrible feelings after the few times I've tried it.  The attention to quality is nonexistent.  The food seems fake.I hate the trend of Chinese food restaurants to be turned into MSG factories with preprocessed foods they just reheat and put premade sauces on.  Chinese food is so much more than what these places offer.  Its horrific.  Think of the worst chinese place you have been to, and then put this below that list.  Spend a few extra dollars more and go to a decent restaurant that wont leave you feeling ill!
3	I order from Yen's pretty frequently.  I'll admit, the primary reason is that they deliver to my area.  I find the food to be exactly what I expect.  Decent flavor, decent portions.  I don't expect high-end gourmet from your typical Chinese take-out and I have been satisfied with everything I have ordered.
5	the food here is really great and really fresh and not over pricedthe best thing is the vegetables are are so fresh, like they were just picked and cut and cooked up just for youbest chinese vegetables I've ever had
3	It's a neighborhood restaurant and family-run.  The kids wait and do deliveries.You will not mistake it for 'Plum' located a long block physical by distance and half a universe gastronomically.  But it is low priced and filling.Is it fake?  I don't think so, but like many other Chinese restaurants across the country they order their menus from a central supplier probably in New York or California and pictures of food from that supplier/wholesaler as well.  So the menu doesn't have any mystery or excitement.Since it's across the street from Target, this will give you an alternative to that snack bar or a place to fill up before you go to Kelly's.
1	If you want a colon cleansing, eat here!What a waste of my $$ and toilet paper,
4	Decent food and fast delivery service.  The prices are great in comparison to many of the other Chinese restaurants around town.  Love the ability to order online.
1	well, i never write Yelp reviews but i feel i should!  and i should say i am generally easily pleased near everywhere i go.this place would only do in a drunken pinch, and even then it's not a guarantee.  i could buy a frozen bag of "whatever" from the dollar tree and have it be infinitely better!the food, as others have stated, is fake.  frozen, fried, sugary thick sauce, not hot.  soup served in styrofoam bowl.  it offended me. the waitress was nice, though.on the plus, the broccoli was bangin and the place is SUPER cheap.  eat at Target across street.
1	This place is awful.  It's always totally empty, and for good reason.  I went for lunch today since it's walking distance from my workplace, but I will never go back.I got yelled at for asking questions about the menu, it took forever to get my food, the food wasn't that good--and then it made me feel sick all afternoon.  I got the lunch special with vegetables and tofu, steamed rice, and hot and sour soup.  It was all bland--amazing, since this restaurant is one of the few Chinese places that still uses MSG.It looks like they used to do a buffet, but now the food tubs on the buffets are filled with old magazines and trash.  Not even kidding...I don't usually write entirely bad reviews, but I can't think of a single good thing about Yen's.If it were the zombie apocalypse and I were locked in this restaurant, I still wouldn't eat the food.  Gross.
4	Have had Yens for many years and need to acknowledge them. Good price, always have leftovers, and quick delivery. Keep up the good work!
1	I signed up for Yelp just so I could warn people about this place. Not only did I see roaches climbing up the walls when I was here, but the food made me want to vomit.I ordered what they were calling "sesame tofu," to go. When I opened the container, the strong smell of ketchup overcame my olfactory senses. Basically, they made their sesame sauce with ketchup and some sesame seeds. The tofu was slimy, squishy and basically inedible. I couldn't eat more than one piece of it.
1	Food so bad I had to throw it away! (was delivered).   Greasy, overcooked, and disgusting textures. No resemblance to the delicious Chinese food I am used to.Don't say I didn't warn you .  .
2	Extremely inconsistent to say the least.Ive had decent food from there and also terrible food from here.Its pretty inexpensive but definitely not worth the chance.
1	THE WORST!!! NEVER ORDER FROM HERE!!! We placed our order online and quoted 45-1 hour, after an hour 15 we called and were told the driver just left.... 45 minutes later (as we were calling to cancel) the driver arrived. The food was awful. Sickening, actually. We threw out most of it, only ate some bc we were so hungry. Wish I had checked reviews prior to ordering....
1	So... I ordered for delivery at 9:13. It was quoted at being delivered between 10:10 and 10:20. Received a call asking me if I still wanted the food delivered at 10:30.. To be delivered in 30-35 min. When I asked why I received a reply of "we are very busy... Do you still want food?" Awesome!!! Great customer service!!!
