4	I noticed the sign up about a week or two ago and was excited to see new places open p and as very eager to check out what look like a very chic tanning spot! I finally made it in and was very impressed the staff was very nice and showed me around to all of the very col looking beds and also the area where to get pedicures and nails. I was also excited to find out they do teeth whitening. In addition I couldn't stop looking around a the stunning white silver style of the place the wallpaper and chandeliers were gorgeous you felt like a hot new hotel lobby more than a tanning salon.Also I like they provided eye wear and deodorant in your room.Although some of the packages where higher than I thought they should be i did sign up for the $25 package of unlimited tanning and also enjoyed it there so much I decided to get a pedicure. I was checked on a few times to make sure I was enjoying myself and was offered a delicious glass of " Dirty Blond " Champagne .I cant wait to take my girlfriends there .
2	I don't think you should ask your clients if they are getting an eyebrow wax, when they aren't getting one. Which is what happened to me.My girlfriend and I tried out Bronze Boutique strictly for the killer deal of a mani/pedi offered in the Republic. This place is a glorified tanning salon, and nothing more.The pedicure was mediocre and the person who gave it to me, asked me if I was also getting my brows waxed. To which I replied, "No. Are you saying I need to?"  My girlfriend was also lectured on how long it had been since she'd had her last pedicure (she lives in CO...it's not flip-flop weather there in January).  Also, I didn't think insults were included in the package, but I was wrong. The treatments were supposed to be the "elite" versions, but if those were elite, I'd hate to see what their regular services entail. The service was pretty lame, and the results were equally as bad. There was no spa treatment about it; strictly business and we were in and out as fast as they could do it. The special was $35 for both services and my nails look like it. You get what you pay for, so spend the extra $20 and hit the salon in a strip mall near you.
1	I was in town visiting a friend and we wanted to get a mani/pedi together on the last day. After walking around the mall across the street and calling several places checking their availabilities for walk-ins, we decided on this place. The place is definitely more of a tanning salon than anything else. The word I would use to describe the entire place is probably gaudy.  Walking into the place, the walls were pretty barren and the decorations looked like the inside of a Forever 21 dressing room, actually I'm pretty sure, the chandelier was the same one. Most of the people who worked there were very young and dressed like they were going out for the night, I guess given my previous experiences with salons / spas, were the workers were either dressed in uniforms / more conservatively covered, this was a bit unusual. The quality of service was the worst service I've ever received for the amount that I paid. Maybe the range was typical for Scottsdale, but around Evanston, I can get a mani/pedi for $32 and receive better quality work, and at this place, I got a premium pedi / hot oil treatment mani for $53 combined not including tip. The color selection for the nail polishes were very limited and mostly, the colors were pretty loud and gaudy. The two women who worked on my friend and I seemed to be engaged in some sort of passive aggressive argument the entire time we were getting our pedicure, and that made it somewhat awkward. It's only been a couple of days after my manicure and huge chunks of nail polish has been chipped off of my nails and I definitely have not been doing any super strenuous activity since the manicure. Maybe the tanning service is a lot better, but as far as I'm concerned it was the worst $53 I've ever spent on nails.
2	I just got this new product from the salon I work at called Solar White.  It whitens your teeth while you tan in a bed or outside.  Its pretty cool, and I highly recommend it.  But I digress.  I went to this tanning salon to try out my new product and also to check out the salon.  It was beautiful and the front guy was really nice and explained each bed and what it would do for me.  The guy at the front was really super helpful with helping me pick out a bed and lotion.  The bed was awesome! it pumped really cool lounge music and was definitely worth the money.  However, I'm not sure what happened when I got out cause it seemed like the catty police rolled through the lounge.  There was a new guy sitting next to the nice one.  Thrilled with the results of the new product I had just bought I wanted to tell them about how great it was.  As I started to tell them the guy who had helped me shot me down and ended it with "Like this one?" and showed me a tiny display of teeth whitening.  I felt like I just got verbally smacked.  Then the other guy at the front knew one of the stylists in my salon which I now know was not a good thing and they have personal issues.  TMI!  The only thing is this would have been a 3 star review if I had just walked out.  Word to the front desk boys: The Last impression is the Lasting impression.
4	Nice salon n trendy! I had a tanning package there and tanned there for a few months, got me pretty bronze! The good thing is the packages are affordable and there is no start up fees or cancelation fees. Everyone there is friendly.
1	Great concept, cool decor and convenient location but the WORST customer service and actual services I've ever received. My fill lasted four days and I had to go get a back fill at another nail salon after having on a full set for less than a week; every time I go in there I feel ignored and belittled by one of the owners, Tyler, and his caddy staff that are busy on facebook and planning bar events rather than cleaning the beds and making customers feel welcomed. My pedicure sucked, she sliced my toe open and the color chipped off the next day : / On a positive note Patrick-one of the owners-is awesome so if you're fortunate enough to only have to interact with him and have him do your nails you're solid. Try again boys you're not going to make it by treating people this way and by not putting a quality product out the door.
2	alright....so I'm back!  After my previous experiences at bronze boutique and posting my review online a few days later tyler contacted me via facebook and tried to friend me.  (which was super awkward-what happens on yelps stays on yelp??!!) The message he sent invited me back which was very generous of him and explained to me how new the business was, however the novel of a message felt a little more like an attack message than a recovery message.  I responded trying to explain the reasoning for my reviews and put some time and effort into it because I was hoping he'd understand where I was coming from as a customer and someone who is expected to provide top notch service at my own job...well the response to my second message was even more abrasive than the first one.  I won't be posting them for everyone to see, but it has crossed my mind, I merely wrote back good luck and stopped wasting my time.  : / I do respect tyler for reaching out to me, I think he did a terrible job in trying to gain back my business and should have done it the way yelp business owners are supposed to via yelp messaging and what was said in the messages was just plain rude.  I wish these guys luck because it's their first time operating a business of their own and are definitely taking a risk right now with our economy; but at the end of the day they signed up for the job of providing a service and with yelp it's meant to be another tool to make your business better and only the business owners will be the ones accountable for the outcome, not necessarily us as the consumers.
5	Been tanning here since they opened and love the place.  Even though they only have 6 tanning beds and the spray, I always get in and out quickly and never have to wait like other places that have 20+ beds.  I've tried all of their beds and each level does a great job of getting you nice and brown and are always clean.  Other places make you pay monthly and then prepay to pay to upgrade your bed but not here.  Their pricing structure is reasonable and straight-forward too, I have a monthly membership and then pay to upgrade every now and then to boost my bronzing.  I have also have had mani/pedi's done here and would recommend that too.  Their nail area is modern, clean and relaxing without having those annoying massage chairs.  Their techs are also friendly and knowledgeable and do great work.  I don't do fake nails but am friends with them on Facebook and they regularly post beautiful fills and acrylics so I would recommend them for those also.  All in All a great place to get beautiful!
2	I'm torn on this business--good location (although parking is sometimes impossible), reasonable prices, prompt service, and they offer salon services (which I have yet to try); on the other hand the staff doesn't deliver consistent, friendly service.  The last couple times I visited Bronze Boutique the sign saying "This Bed Has Been Sanitized" was not present, nor were the eye protectors or towel.  I haven't received a "thank you" upon exiting the store. Overall, it's a less than satisfying experience.  I don't get overly excited about coming here.
3	You know the saying that "you get what you pay for":  you'll most likely leave this place with that reminder going thru your head.  It seems more of a tanning salon but I don't like the tan look and am usually the one wearing the hat (while everyone else is tanning with baby oil or spf 2).  However,  I do like to get a manicure from time to time and hopped in to see if I could squeeze one in while next door.   Despite friendly and quick service, the end result wasn't as good as others that I've had done.  My nails looked a little sloppy and didn't last nearly as long as it should have lasted.  Generally cheap prices for a scottsdale so-called salon.  Doesn't look or feel like a salon but more of a drive-thru of miscellaneous salon/beauty quickies.
4	I was in desperate need of a new set of gels. I called around and found these guys. They were able to take me the same day, in fact, they were able to take me an hour after I called. When I got there, the tech was ready to go. Ask for JD, if you go. He was so funny, uses some inappropriate language but overall you will be laughing the entire time. He is engaged and defiantly knows what he is doing.The great thing is, you are able to pick the color of the pink and white that you'd like to do. This is my new regular spot.Don't be intimidated by the fact that they are in Scottsdale, they are not to gouge you. They have fair pricing.
3	I've been a tanning member here since the salon opened. Everything about it was great, decent prices, good location but since it's gotten busy I have to wait for a bed every time. Sometimes 45 minutes! And the staff does not prioritize customers. They will wait for someone just browsing and not sure if they wanna sign up while a paying customer -me- sits and waits. They could quickly place me in a bed and proceed with the lady with a million questions. This happens every time I go! Not sure how much longer I can deal. Tanning shouldn't take an hour. Another solution might be for them to get a second computer.
1	I went to bronze a few months ago with a friend in hopes of a nice manicure/pedicure. Lets just say that this was anything but relaxing. The person doing my friends nails kept answering his phone and the lady who was doing mine was rude, rough and made me bleed on several of my nails. My nails were very sore for about 4 or 5 days after getting them done.I got the gel nails which consisted of several coats of polish and then for the glitter part, it was Martha Stewart glitter that you can purchase from a Wal-Mart or target, and then several more coats of polish. When it came time to removing the polish, I had to chip off the polish, like you have to do with fake nails. My nails hurt and were very weak for about a week after I removed the polish.When I called to explain my experience to the Manager, he said that they would send me a gift card do try and "make it right". I waited about 3 weeks and never received the gift card, so I called back again and had to explain the whole thing again. Finally I received the gift card in the mail, but was surprised to find that it must have been a used gift card. There was an amount written out and then crossed off with a new amount written on it. It was very unprofessional.The only good thing about this place is its location, right across from Barneys and next to sprinkles. I recommended this place to a few people before I had even gone there, I sure hope their experience wasn't anything like mine!!!!
2	Review of nail services: PROS:I need to get gel nails done right before leaving on vacation and they were able to accommodate last minute. The atmosphere is new + trendy. The nail techs are very nice. CONS:I was misquoted on price and ended up paying more than 2x what I had planned on. The pedicure "chairs" are the equivalent of sitting in a lawn chair against the wall. It looks nice but it's very uncomfortable. I prefer the big ones that give you a massage. I was a bit rushed when picking out my color, but that may have been because I booked a last minute appointment. I would go there again if I had no other options. I am curious about their tanning accommodations and hair services.
5	I love this place! Andrew does an amazing job for Elite manicure and pedicure. Very relaxing and worth every penny! It lasts for a few weeks too! You come out looking good! The place is really cute and I love coming!
4	I had a few hours to kill in Scottsdale the other day, so I decided to treat myself to a pedicure. I asked yelp who is good in the area. Yelp said these guys. Oh Yelp, you always know who's hot! I was helped right away to a pedicure chair by Andrew. He was friendly, and did a great massage. I was already won over, when he wrapped my legs & feet in steamy hot towels.......AMAZING!!!!!!! Thank you Andrew & Bronze Boutique. And thank you Yelp, for always knowing the spot!
1	As a treat for a friend and I having a hard time, I booked appointments for couture pedicures together, which was the highest service you could get.. a spa pedicure basically. The place itself is cute and clean- they had us in a small room together which was great. First though... these are just benches with pillows, not pedicure chairs. That was not the BFD. The BFD was that although we'd made appointments, showed up at time and paid for the highest service, the guy doing my pedicure raced through the crappiest pedicure ever. My friend got there 10 minutes before me, I somehow was finished 10 minutes earlier than she was.  Her pedicurist, a woman, was just lovely and sweet and the guy I had couldn't have put in less effort if he tried. There was no massage, he literally just put lotion on me and called it a day. He didn't do any scrubbing of callous.... There's a part of the massage where they wrap your feet in hot towels, which sounds lovely, but these actually hurt, and I've got a pretty decent pain threshold. I mentioned it to him immediately (as in, Holy Christ, that's too hot!). The other pedicurist actually said, "I wait a minute so they cool off".  Guy didn't wrap toes to separate nails, so they were all screwed up by the time I left. Most things were notable only because we were getting side by side pedicures, so it stood to reason they'd be the same. They were not, which made it laughable. By the end of the pedicure we were openly commenting in a polite way, "hey, don't let me rush you" (which he took literally.... he was busy sweeping the floor while my friend's pedicure was being finished.)To be fair, I didn't bother tipping him I was so annoyed. And to top it all off... you have to pay $1 surcharge to use a credit card. Don't get me wrong, its a buck. but its insulting. Wouldn't go near them again and writing this out actually annoyed me again so much i'm calling them tomorrow to say something.
5	Best eyebrow threading in town. I would not go back to waxing. Being Italian I have no choice but to do something to keep my eyebrows from looking like a scene from the movie Congo.
5	Best beds in Phoenix! Helpful and friendly staff, great music!
2	When I first went to Bronze Boutique, I went in on a Sunday. The girl at the front desk had no idea what she was talking about, so they must put the least experienced person at the desk. But the tanning beds were the nicest that I have seen around so I still signed up. I signed up for the Sun Angel unlimited tanning. The salon is always kept clean, but it is a lot of stuff in there for the size of the space. The main reason I stopped going here was that some days I would go to tan and it would take me 15 minutes to wait for a parking spot. A couple of times I just gave up and left because it was so busy. This salon has nice beds but its location and its people just were not the best.
4	Came here to get my eyebrow threaded. For a first time customer, they offered a great deal. $9! Regular price is $14.You have to make an appointment but I called that day and still managed to get my brows done. The boutique is a spa/salon with tanning options and manicure/pedicure options. Parking is a little confusing but it's behind the building. The location is fairly good since it's right across from the Fashion Square Mall.
2	I came to this place to get a mani and pedi. The pedi chairs are uncomfortable especially if you have long legs. My pedi was alright, looked good and felt nice - wish I could say the same for the mani. The mani felt very rushed and I left with sloppy looking nails. I could have given myself a better mani at home. I will not be returning to the Bronze Boutique.I also just want to say that you get what you pay for - the prices here are cheap - I should have known better.
2	I had the same nails experience as several other reviewers: pedicure chairs not comfortable; service was rushed; atmosphere was not relaxing. The woman who did my nails was the manager.  She was not very friendly (she gave me magazines to read and clearly did not want me to talk to her during the service, part of which she spent barking orders at her staff in her native language). She did a good job of my nails, but this was not a friendly, relaxing "2-hour" service as it was advertised.  I had a Groupon for the Axiom gel nails, a $90 value.  I paid half that, but I definitely would not have been pleased if I had paid full price.  The whole experience made me feel like I was on an assembly line, and that I was just a chore to do, not a valued customer. I will not be back
3	I went here to get my eyebrows threaded because Beautif Eyes Studios is also at this location. The threading was great, just like when I went to their actucal location however I was not a fan of the actual salon.It was extremely hot insde, crowded with not many place to sit and wait, and the receptionist was incredibly unhelpful. I arrived at the salon, and it was fairly busy but this salon offers lots of different services so they were not all there for threading. I had not made an appointment but the girl at the desk said that was fine. She did not inform me it was going to be a 45 minute wait for a simple 5 minute salon service. I am completing understanding that since I did not have an appointment then I would ahve to wait but 45 minutes without being informed once? To top it off when I was leaving I asked the same girl about their tanning because there was a brochure and they looked fairly well priced, she gave a quick answer that was not very informative. Basically, I will be waiting for Beautiful Eye Studios to open their other location and I will be sticking to my current tanning salon where the girls are extremely friendly and helpful.
4	So far I've only used their tanning services and and happy with everything but the wait time. They could use some more beds in there.I'm wondering if anyone has used their teeth whitening services and what you thought. Was it worth the money?
1	I have never dealt with such a rude "manager" before. I called to cancel my account because I had a contract for a six month fee for tanning and was still getting charged the next month. I was confused why. So I gave the store a ring. Apparently because I signed a contract saying I have to come in and cancel it before a certain date there wasn't anything I could do about it. The girl just kept giving me a bratty attitude saying, it was my fault and that I signed the contract. She seriously stated the fact I signed a contract over 10 times. I understand it, I didn't read the contract all the way through yes, but what I was so taken aback by was the way this girl handled the whole situation. I felt like I was arguing with a four year old girl. She was just ready to get snappy with me the second I answered the phone. Obviously I was confused and just asking a few questions because I really just wanted to cancel my membership and didn't want to drive all the way there. I wasn't looking to start a fight. I will never go back here again because of that. We all get that time of the month sweetie, no need to take it out on your customers.
1	The worst manipedi.... I 've purchased a groupon for elite manipedi with opi gel.... Place is trendy , However the upright seating are not the most comfortable, place is not very clean, utensils are not in a sealed sterile paper. ... Disaster !!!! Who files nails AFTER the gel is dry?I had it done on Sunday, the gel for the most part overlapped the cuticles... so guess what, now on day 5 post manipedi it all peeled off except a portion on my thumbs and big toes, the rest of it came off like dried glue...
2	First time was a charm! Had a great experience with Hannah! I had no appointment. I live near this area of Scottsdale and I don't like the usual strip mall nail salon cattle call experience. I even had a yelp check in offer. That being said. NEXT time: FAIL. I had no appointment. BUT there was no one hardly in the place! WTH ... I waited 15 minutes and offered to come back and apologized for not having an appointment. I asked for the pricing at least 3x. First time. Gel mani: 30 plus pedi with callous remover (gross I am sure to yelp but.... ).. 27.. THIS time: Gel mani: 38 plus pedi with callous remover (gross again.. seriously trying to not TMI!).. 28.. ummm .. is this make up pricing each time? AND no menu price list this time. I checked my facebook offer. Nope. It was all for this catch a cancer tanning bed. No thanks. I checked my Iyelp. Could not load. Well awesome.  I even inquired about a set of acrylics with gel set. Language breakdown, I guess? Maybe I am using some unknown lingo. After a tip it was clearly the pricing I used to get when I lived in Georgetown spas for a hour long bomb ass deal ! NOT in Scottsdale where I am leaving there very confused. F A I L.   Two only because it's not Hannahs fault and I love Essie color and the gel lasts forever.
3	Had a 10 a.m. Appointment & it's almost 10:15 a.m.  & the nail tech is MIA...  The front desk person was on the phone forever trying to accommodate a client whilst there were three of us that needed to be helped too.  The nail tech apparently was a no show and they had to reschedule my appointment for later in the afternoon.  Since Scottsdale Fashion Square was right across the street, it was not a big deal.  I had a Groupon for a mani/pedi and the nail tech was quick and efficient, knew what he was doing.  Nail polish color choices were adequate, place was slightly dirty and cluttered.  Overall, it is as I rated, A-OK...
4	Ive been a few times here and I love it! I would go more often if it wasn't so far away from my house! Joe (I think is his name) does the best acrylic set I've ever had. He listens to what I like and is very gentle! The prices are super reasonable too! I can tell that this place gets busy as they have a bunch of tanning beds and some spa pedicure stations, but every time I go, I think I am the only person in there (which I'm not complaining about!) I always call and make an appointment just in case, and the girls on the phone are always very polite and helpful if I have any questions. Definitely my fav!
4	I have tanned here as well as gotton mani pedis. The front desk service is always a bit on the sassy side for my taste but the service providers are always very nice. I'm not a fan of the hot stones they use in the massage during pedis but the rest is good. I love the few updates they have done lately, it really added a lot of class to the place and made it look cleaner. The price is fair and i am always happy when i leave.
2	It's 445pm on Sunday, and it's supposed to be open, but no one is there. A little unreliable...
1	Shut down??! I have tried going twice in the past week. Both times they have been closed. There are now signs on the doors that Darque Tan put up that say "Former Bronze Boutique members come to Darque Tan for specials." I had been going to Bronze Boutique as a member for over 2 years and liked it a lot. I used to get Mani-Pedi's there too sometimes. Like Taylor D. had mentioned- they took the money out just last week with no notice of closing down. Real professional. If they do re-open I won't be returning.
