5	The owner, Liliana, is a Peruvian native and an excellent cook. Everything is made fresh from scratch and it is always good. If you like it spicy ask for some "Ricotto" on the side.
5	Love the food
5	My boyfriend and I had never eaten Peruvian food before today. Inka Empires food was delicious!  The server was very nice and prompt with the food. I ordered a seafood and rice dish and my boyfriend ate the fried rice. Both had excellent flavor and were extremely fresh!
4	Very good Peruvian restaurant.  Service was excellent.  The server was caring and attentive.  He was knowledgable about the menu items.  The food was very tasty, especially with the hot sauce (salsa).  Will definitely add to our rotation of places we like to eat.
5	Tonight was my first Peruvian cuisine experience and it was fantastic. I knew the food was going to be good when I tasted the complimentary dish of roasted corn kernels with a spicy cilantro sauce. Different, simple and great tasting. I ordered the Lomo Saltado which consists of marinated beef, onions, tomatoes and herbs tossed with fried potatoes. You have to request having the fries tossed into the dish which is the traditional way of eating Lomo Saltado. Because some don't like "mushy" fries, they normally serve them on the side. The dish comes with rice as well. When the entree arrived I first tasted the rice by itself. I was surprised at how well the rice was cooked; not mushy or undercooked but al dente. The rice also had flavor! I don't know what was used to flavor the rice during the cooking process but man that may have been the best side of rice I've had. They elevated rice people! The Lomo Saltado was really good. And I would definitely order it again. My only knock on the dish was that it was a touch more greasy than I prefer. Perhaps they could degrease the fries a bit more once they come out of the fryer. I would give the dish a 4.5/5. For dessert I had the flan-like dessert. If you like custards I recommend trying.
4	I love Peruvian food!  I first noticed inka leaving my apt complex to take a nice walk to the library and was surprised to find a Peruvian restaurant where the seafood place once was...  But I was so excited,  when I lived in New York I craved and ate Peruvian all the time..  This place is so freaking good,  everything is freshly made and even tho it was kind of a long wait it was so worth it..  Definitely going again!!
5	Wow!!!  I love this food.  It's a fresh new taste in Queen Creek.  The waitress is awesome.   Great place.
5	My husband and I went here because we received two free meals in a gift basket we won in a silent auction. We had never had Peruvian food before so we didn't have any expectations. We were not disappointed! I loved every bit of the food. My husband and I both got the Lomo Saltado and it is easily one of the best meals I've had in a long time. It tastes like a home cooked meal but looks well prepared as well. It is a family business, so the staff were very welcoming and very informative. We will definitely be going back as this is my new favorite restaurant.
5	AMAZING!  This has officially become my new favorite restaurant! My husband had the Tallarines Verde Pollo..which is a homemade pesto pasta dish...rich with flavor and incredibly fresh!  I opted for the Lomo Saltado..which has become my "go to"...deliciously marinated beef served with a cilantro sauce, rice, potatoes and plantains...yum! The server Sam was completely delightful...you could feel her passion for the food and her families new restaurant..she's a doll!  Home cooked peruvian perfection!  Highly recommended!
5	WOOOHOOO! Heaven in my mouth! Best Peruvian food I've tasted. The food here is so flippin tasty! My favorites are the Lomo Saltado and the Ceviche. The rice is UH-MAY-ZING! I don't like seafood AT ALL...but after tasting the ceviche here I am HOOKED! I love, love, love this place! It's definately a MUST TRY. INKA EMPIRE thank you for sharing this AWESOMENESS with the WORLD!
5	'Found' this place in a combination of mailers and dumb luck.  It is tucked into a low traffic corner of the little shopping center in the north east corner of Ellsworth and Ocotillo.  Their treatment of Aji is exceptional.  The Causa Rellena alone is worth the visit.  We fought for the last bite.  I can't say enough good things about the Aji de Gallina or Arroz Chaufa.  Will definitely be going back.Feel bad I didn't say anything about the staff.  They were awesome.  I believe they were all family and were extremely hospitable.
5	Awesome Peruvian Ceviche and the service was great.....the owner and her family are great people as they take the time to make you feel like family while you enjoy great food from South America.  We had three different dinner plates and they were all great. The green hot sauce is right on target with taste and flavor.  We will be back to try Chupe de Camarones and Parihuela :)
4	Great food great service and real authentic Peruvian food. Every time I go there the service is excellent and Very clean.
5	This place is a gem in a hidden location! Great food and such friendly owners! I had the Lomo Saltado & it was soooo flavorful & the meat was tender. The fries dont normally come mixed in- theyre on the side but I asked if they could mix them in and they accomodated me. Soo good. Will definitely return soon.
5	If there is ever a place that deserves 5 stars it's Inka Empire.  The service and the food are incredible.  My wife and I had the Lomo Saltado and the chef was kind enough to make it the original way for us with fries mixed in.  The whole family is ultra friendly and we felt right at home.  I spent a lot of time talking to the family about their food and getting the word out.  It's a shame that incredible food and service may not be enough.  We need to get the word out about this great place!  Queen creek has little to offer for good food but this is definitely one of them.  Help support a local family business!
5	Wow.  I am SO glad i found this place.   I lived in Peru for 5 years when I was a kid and visited again when I was older,  so every once in a while I just get The Craving.  Imagine my surprise when I just googled to see if there happened to be a Peruvian restaurant near the Oracle route to PHX  (on the way to visit a friend in Gilbert) and I found Inka Empire there near her house.  Everything tasted SO Yummy.  Delicious.  Party in the mouth can't stop nibbling- as authentic Peruvian food is.  Each dish!  Over the years in different cities, we've been disappointed so we were happily in awe is each dish came out and it was like, munching and happy eating sounds "Wow, so good, like I remember"  I left the last bite of Lomo for my mom and her self sacrificing tendencies gave way and she ate it.  - Lomo Saltado had THE flavor both my mom and I have not been able to reproduce in our own kitchens.  I will have to tinker again.  -The Papas ala Huancaina (sp?)  were fabulous and tasted cheesier than cheese as they should.  Fresh and heat in the mouth at the same time if that makes sense.  -The Platanos (fried bananas) were like candy.   -The parched corn... I put on the aji and was in bliss.-The ajis/ sauces... I want some now to dip everything in.  I want to go back and try their anticuchos and ceviche... (ceviche was my sushi gateway back in the day.)I bought some Inca Colas and Dona Peppas for my mom to take home to my siblings for them and their families to enjoy and remember Peru with.  I live out East now, but I will be back when I am in town and I bet my parents will find a way to "happen to drop by" on the way up to PHX.  Watch out.  It was easy to miss this restaurant hidden next to an empty storefront.  But if you find it...  It is So Good.
4	Food is good, fair prices and super friendly staff. Definitely a flavorful place to enjoy peruvian food.
4	The food was pretty good. They were out of seafood, so I got a chicken dish that looked almost too revolting to eat. I pushed past the appearance and it tasted fine. We arrive just minutes before nine (yelp AND their sign says they are open till 10 on Fridays and Saturdays) the hostess told us that we could only get takeout. After I told her that yelp says they were open till ten she consulted a manager and allowed us to dine in. Apparently we weren't the only ones confused because more people came in with the same idea. So, arrive before nine on the weekend!!!! Other than that, the service was fantastic, I do wish they had seafood though...
4	Good food. Just an FYI: There is a $3 difference between the lunch size portion and the dinner size portion.  I found out the hard way that you need to request the lunch special otherwise, they automatically give you the larger, more expensive dinner portion. It would've been nice if the young lady had given me the option. I ended up bringing half my food home.
2	I am giving two stars for overall flavor.  With that said i think this place is way overpriced. I got the Ahi de Gallina- it is a chicken dish- mine barely had two tablespoons of chicken on it... It was shredded (almost pulverized in my plate) they charge like 15 bucks for that plate. My husbands plate was the Bistek a lo pobre. Which they charge 15 bucks for as well. That one was served ok but what i dont understand is why they raised their prices.... On their website it shows lower prices (bistek- 12.95 and ahi de gallina 10.95) then they charged 5.95 for a plate of french fries and one cut up hot dog. And 5.95 for little pieces of chicken (looked like one chicken tender cut up and fried with a bowl full of french fries also for $5.95. And they chard 2.15 for their drinks.... If this place does not cater to the community as they should they will close down really quickly just like bahama bucks. I like to support the communities small businesses but when they overprice their food it just makes me cringe. I also did not appreciate the waitressArguing with me about the amount of chicken on my dish- shows me that they do not care about keeping their customers happy- what you get is what you get and thats it! Not good customer service- also had to wait for drink refills... Suggestion for you inka empire owners if you read this: kids meals should be around 4.50 and include a kids drink for the salchipapas and 5.00 and include the drink for the pollo frito. (For the type of food you sell that is what i would price it as and i would include the drink.)  for the ahi de gallina i would price it at $9.95 and the bistek a la pobre $11.95. You want to get people through the door many times- not just once and never see them again. And the drinks i see alot of people in the area charge 1.49 so i would stick with that. Run some specials or send out coupons. That is how you will survive in this economy and keep your business open and alive. Also you need to train your staff a bit mire on customer service. If you have a problem how to handle it so you dont loose another customer. This is all just advice, take it or leave it, if you fail its all the same to me as i am working diligently on saving up for my own restaurant in the san tan valley area and will have less competition. From chef to (hopefully you are a) chef make these changes and you will bring more people in than you can imagine! Marketing new restaurants is what i do, so if you are looking for someone to help you plan out your restaurant better and market to the masses please send me an email. Jesrg 2000 at hotmail.
5	I highly recommend this place... I enjoyed the food, flavors, atmosphere and most importantly was the whole staff was very friendly. Reasonably priced.
5	Great little place for new flavor! Peruvian food!! We tried this place today and liked what we found. Nice seafood dishes and a delicious desert. Lunch special for 8 bucks! Give it a try and I think you will like it too!`
5	This place is amazing. I've had a few dishes and it's always high quality. The service is so nice too. It's family owned, so they actually care what you think. The best part is the menu. Unlike many places that claim to be some foreign nationality but just serve typical fajitas, burritos, etc., these guys have actual foreign dishes. Things I've never had or heard of in my many years of exploring foods.  I recommend giving it a try.  The atmosphere is nice too. Take a date, relax, grab a can of inka cola, and enjoy the beautiful tastes and flavors that these culinary masterminds have devised.
4	Love It!! Our first time here. Wanted something new for date night. Searched the entertainment book and found Inka Empire. Peruvian food was delicious. The young lady behind the counter was helpful by explaining the different items. The food was plentiful that we needed a take home box. Thank you for a great Friday Date Night!
