4	A great menu, in both english and french. If you like Cora styled breakfasts...you must visit for a hearty, family styled  breakfast!
4	Although Ben & Florentine is a chain restaurant, it does not discount its taste and quality of food. The service on the other hand, could be a little spotty even in New York standard. We came here during busy lunch hour and were seated quite fast although quickly ignored for a good 5 minutes. The menu was quite extensive and the price is simply lovely. You pick an entree and you get free bread, coffee/tea and juice all for less than $14. I got the two eggs scrambled with Canadian smoked meat with some wheat toast. I was so in love with the Canadian Smoked Meat! It is not the pastrami nor a corn beef. It is not bacon either. It is some thinly sliced, salty tender beef I have fallen victim to. The wheat toast is to my surprise, very fluffy and buttery. I have never had wheat toast tastes just as good as milky white bread.
2	the a,b,c's of my reviews Atmosphere, Service, & FoodAtmosphere:  If you're in Montreal (whether a visitor or a local) and feel like going to an *intimate* brunch - please  don't go to Ben & Florentine.  It's a decent enough place - if you're into the big-box, soul-less, chain restaurants.  If you're looking for character and place that doesn't feel like you just drove in from off the high away ~ there are many other places in city to go to. This is a place you may want to consider after you've had  a long night of Montreal living with your boys or gals.  It'll do the trick in a bind.Service: The service is bland at best.  The staff is young, mostly students, and although they do their best, often their attitude is that of indifference.Food: Large menu, with the typical items found at other brunch places. Categories include eggs, Benedict's, waffles, crepes, etc.  Unfortunately, quantity often does not equal quality, the food's quality is a hit-and-miss.Serviceable, but shouldn't be your first choice.
3	I believe this franchise will eventually beat Cora with timeGood priced and the food is very good.I'm very picky when it comes to my breakfast but they manage to serve me spotless dish everytime Good job guys!Worth every penny!Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
1	Have eaten at the location in Laval before and it was great, however this one was an awful experience. We arrived at 2pm on a Sunday and the restaurant was 80% empty. We were seated in a booth right near the front where two of the other booths around us had customers just leaving.We then sat there for 20 mins. while at one point 5 other staff were chatting by our table, not one of them ever came to our table and welcomed us, offered coffee or water.We walked out.I wanted to stay and see just how long it took, then talk to a manager but my gf didn't want to make a scene. This was the worst service I have ever seen at any restaurant I've been to in my 35 years.
3	This Ben & Florentine doesn't offer much more than other breakfast restaurants (e.g. Cora) in the great Montreal. In fact, nothing that they have on the menu is amazing, nor revolutionary. Preparing eggs does not require any kind of fancy degree, therefore everything that Ben & Florentine offers lives up to expectations. The main reason why I visit this restaurant so often? Its location is extremely accessible - Walking distance from McGill University and from several Metro stations. The reason why I am only giving out 3 stars to B&F is because of the inconsistency of their service. Sometimes, incredibly rapid and efficient. Some other times, slow and incredibly rude. Being in the customer service field myself, I do understand that rush hour can be a bit overwhelming and stressful to employees. However, it should not give those employees the right to be impolite towards customers. Sadly, some waiters at B&F have not yet realized that fact, which costs them 2 stars! Whoops!
5	The best breakfast I've ever had! We had big Ben and bagel&cream cheese, as well as a smoothie called aloha. Ham and sausage Cooked just right, fries taste great, and smoothie perfectly blended. Strongly recommend. Our conclusion: sometimes you have to try urselves, since if we followed yelp, we would never get into this place...it's only because we passed by accidentally .
1	In Montreal on vacation with my partner. We are both gluten free so were excited to hear about the buckwheat crepe option. When we went to order we were told that they didn't have any more buckwheat crepe batter (unsure if they meant for today or just don't have it anymore). Ordered some scrambled egg fusion dish instead... in my mind it should be hard to mess up scrambled eggs but they were gross, could only eat a few bites. The service was also awful... Aside from taking our order and bringing us our food the server did not check on us at all. Never refilled our coffee despite refilling coffee at tables next to us. Took FOREVER to get our bill. Overall this place was a flop and I wouldn't recommend it.
2	I went here for lunch with a colleague today.  Overall it was a good meal, pretty standard breakfast/brunch/lunch fare, ok service.  The location is great, right downtown and quick walk over from our workplace.  The space itself is large and bright.  I would have given it three stars, except for one thing: they didn't have any buckwheat batter (for crepes) although their menu listed it.  I went with someone who is avoiding gluten, and she was pretty bummed she couldn't have buckwheat crepes.  That alone wasn't a huge deal, it happens, but what really irked us was when she told the waiter why she had wanted buckwheat crepes (avoiding gluten) and he asked "so normal flour has gluten in it?".  Faceplant moment.  When you have a special eating situation, you don't expect people to know everything about it, but you expect a waiter in a restaurant to at least have some basic knowledge about something that is becoming more and more gluten.Rant aside, the food was good in an average sort of way. My colleague had a vegetarian omelette that looked tasty.  I had a (non buckwheat) crepe with ham, asparagus and swiss.  It was filling and priced similarly to what I expect from similar breakfast places.
1	This had to be the most awful breakfast experience ever! The list of screw-ups is nearly endless.I came here one Sunday morning while visiting Montreal with 3 friends. The place looked decent from the outside, so we strolled in for a basic, quick brekkie. To start, service was dreadful. After being seated we waited for 15 minutes to even be acknowledged by the waitress. It must have taken about 45 minutes before any food arrived. By that time all of our coffees were empty and our waitress ignored us until we basically begged for coffee. I gotta say, she was quite skilled at ignoring the restaurant patrons. Other tables were holding up their cups asking for refills just as well.Things only got worse from there. Among the many screw-ups include:-Wrong toast-No water (which we desperately needed - it was a late night on town!) -Wrong eggs (I asked for over-easy but got scrambled)-Disgustingly greasy breakfast sausage-Lukewarm food-Spilled coffee when the waitress over-poured the cup (and of course didn't bother to apologize or even acknowledge it)-Rude and painfully slow service (the place wasn't even busy)-Washroom had no soap (I can only imagine the cleanliness of the rest of the place)In a nutshell, AVOID AVOID AVOID! Tres mal!
3	I personally love their breakfast!  I just HATE their customer service...man, they SUCK!!!  I would have given them 4 stars if they had better service...don't get me wrong, the people are friendly.  It's just that every FREAKING time I've gone there...the waitress just looks at me and I seat myself.  Then, she drags her ass to come ask me for any type of service...like coffee.  After she gets my stuff, she just sits at one of the tables to read the newspaper and chat with the regular customers.  Again, the food is actually pretty good...just the service SUCKS!!!!After I finish with my food...I take myself to the front to get the bill myself.  Then, I take it to the LAZY waitress.  lol!
1	A disaster from beginning to end. Really a couple of eggs and some bacon and coffee simply cannot be that hard to deliver. Needs fixing fast.
2	Nothing special, in fact, more of a Denny's-like atmosphere. Ironically, this place was recommended to my parents and I by the concierge at the Fairmont, but it really is only a last-resort place for late breakfast, in my opinion. If you like low-end chains, this is a winner. If not, keep looking.
4	Kids wanted to have breakfast here for the 2nd day in a row. Different server, different order. The service was again friendly and fast. I didn't experience anything like the bad reviews stated.
3	Location: On Mansfield, across from the MAA. It's a pretty central location that you can access from Ste. Catherine street and PVM.Service: Personally, I thought the service was good. We were seated right away and our waiter re-filled our coffee cups four times over the course of an hour so definite points for that.  When we told him we were done, he brought our bill immediately. Food: I had the Fusion scrambler (scrambled eggs with sundried tomatoes, roasted red peppers, asparagus) minus the cheese and bread. I liked the eggs though they were a tiny bit dry. The potatoes were nice and crispy with a hint of seasoning, and the dish came with a side of applesauce. Standard breakfast fare and overall, I enjoyed it. Price: I guess it depends on what you're looking for. Some might find that $12 for breakfast is a bit steep. If that's the case, they have an early bird special that runs for about $5.
1	Never go there!Food is old and fermented. Service is slow and horrible. You need to call waitress for many times before you get coffee. And they don't want to speak English - French only.
2	Oh boyy where do I begin. The experience was very very weird. Partially because their Brossard location is a great hit with me and I never have any complains with their actual food. Anyways to start with, this downtown location is always busy, so try to reserve earlier on if you can. Now I don't know about you but I'm usually on the cranky side when I am already hungry for breakfast and not have a coffee fix yet. So breakfast places usually have to run an extra mile to get on my happy side. A side tip would definitely be come here with you're caffeine dose on the weekend mornings.  I went in with my husband, and waited a good 10 minutes before I got seated. Not a problem, but took an extra 10 minute before the waitress got to us. Even then its okay, its busy, everyone's stressed, someone didnt have their coffee yet, heyy no biggie. What annoyed me to begin with was my seat on the booth was a bit scrapped off. Management should really take a note because I am sure proper seating suits well in a place like that. Then the hostess literally just drops the utensils on the table. Gee, thanks. Already annoyed luckily the waitress came to save my day. She was really all I could ask for at the time of and the only reason I gave this review an extra star from 1 to 2. Didnt catch her name, but she was really calm and I felt really relaxed. The drinks were okay. But, the food was a bit weird. I usually always order their pancakes called black jack, which is chocolate chip pancakes with shit tonnes of powdered sugar, whip cream and chocolate. I didnt get my chocolate sauce here, and when I asked the waitress whats up, she told me they usually dont serve the sauce. Before making a scene, she was smart enough to bring me the sauce, after I told her that I have this dish quite often at their brossard location.I really wasnt too happy with my experience here. The food wasnt horrible but not as outstanding or anything like the other place I go to. I only appreciated the servers attitude but that too will probably never make me return to this location. Sigghh
2	Ugh. The service here was so terrible. First, we were seated in a dark area at a table far from everyone else, which was also the area on the way to the bathrooms. We asked to be moved and got what we wanted, but neither the hostess nor our new server were pleased about it.What else? The food was fine, but I was grouchy because it took forever and I didn't have water. After asking for water three times, I finally got a tiny lukewarm glass, but only after we had finished eating completely. My husband also got his side of toast then. Was it supposed to be dessert? And even though I kept asking about the coffee that was supposed to come with our meals, it never showed up. The waitress was nice enough, but totally stressed out, and kept complaining to us, albeit in a jokey way, that she had to clean up after everyone, and it would take forever.Oh, and I could never get the wifi to work.I was so annoyed by the whole experience and from wasting a vacation meal on this place, that it took me a while to calm down. Fun!
4	Unlike some of the reviews here I found the service was very impressive. The host was very quick to seat us and the server was over immediately to take an order for drinks, which were brought over right away. Once we had ordered food, again, it was brought cooked and brought out very quickly. The food was good and seemed very fresh. I would definitely go here again!
3	came here and ordered the cheese omelette with a side of potatoes and some regular poutine. i don't know. everything tasted just ok. nothing memorable. can't remember saying "wow" to anything i tasted. this is not a bad place, just average for what i ordered.
5	I actually had an awesome experience here, the food is amazing and I had 0 complaints about the service. Yes it was packed and noisy but so what it's New Years !! I hope others from here one can have a pleasant experience, like I've had !
