5	This is a good solid little inexpensive hidden pizza joint. Everything is handmade right in front of you if you pop in, and they deliver as well. Celas's has been open for a long time, but hasn't ever appeared on Yelp. The owner is really nice and so I figured I would help him out and put him on the map. It's not a fancy place by any stretch - there are still a few small remnants of the Pizza Hut this used to be, and it isn't candles and tablecloths. Don't expect to be wowed by the atmosphere, but the kitchen is clean and it smells good inside. For the price, you're going to be hard pressed to find much better. The 5 stars are for the value you're getting here... the bang for the buck. I'm not ready to put this on my list of top pizza joints in the Valley, but it's certainly a good little hidden neighborhood option.
5	The pizza at Cela's is consistently good. And it's inexpensive. A large 14" pepperoni that barely fits in the box and a bottle of Mexican Coke ($1.50) was just a few pennies over $7.I have had the pizza from Cela's at least 10 times now. Each time it was consistent with the last. It has a soft chewy crust, the sauce is slightly sweet with good flavor and the cheese and pepperoni are good too.Don't let the run down strip mall it's located in turn you off this place. Don't let the divey interior turn you off it either. It has an A health inspection rating. When I want a quick and inexpensive pizza but still want quality pizza, this is the place I call. It beats the flavor and size of the $5 Little Caesar's, it isn't greasy like a Pizza Hut Pan and has better flavors and a better crust than Domino's or Papa John's. Support a place that is locally owned and has a better pizza than the big chains.
5	The pizzas are delicious and affordable! This place has become a work favorite! It is cheaper to order the special and pick up. Hidden in a small plaza, but a super find!
5	Great prices, great food. BIG burritos, reliable pizza. We go all the time
1	Pizza has no flavor and do not recommend the chicken stripes might as well so them at home. Yes it's cheap but I rather pay for something that's good than to throw my money in the trash
