5	I just love this little boutique, Mary and the girls are so friendly and helpful, the clothes and accessories are soooo cute, it's the perfect place to go to treat yourself or buy a gift.
5	I like these unique little shops and this ones convenient. Original clothes and stuff to treat yourself but too expensive to buy regularly and as seasons change. However they are very helpful and Mary is very attentive. I wanted a summer hat or two and they sold out of the color I wanted and didn't have the other style I wanted but she took my request, was going to look into it tonight and let me know tomorrow if can get more. Can't beat service like that. It's very stylish and I can always find something I want in clothes and accessories. They have great cowboy boots, jewelry and there was a skirt there today that was great! But I was good and hopefully she can get my hats! So definitely worth the treat once in awhile! And don't hesitate on getting it if you like it as stock goes quick and they don't have many in each size!Went back and Mary pulled thru! Getting both my hats! So excited! Thanks Mary!
3	I like this store because it has unique jewelry, shoes and handbags. They also carry clothes.The style in general is directed towards an older crowd.The items are mostly unique and the prices are fair.Since the crowd and workers are older be prepared to be slightly ignored if your just browsing.they have a clutch and a few pieces of jewelry I would go back for, but I'm in no rush.
5	I just love Posh Daisie~ Ty Mary for having the insight and ability to create an AMAZING shopping experience...Love your store!!! You need a FB store... :)"
5	Love Love Love this boutique! They have the cutest clothes & accessories with great customer service and very reasonable prices! I've bought presents for friends here and they get so excited to see the Posh Daisie bag (always packaged beautiful so no need to wrap it). In addition to having an amazing store, Mary has such a giving heart and really gives back to the community and helps the displaced and disadvantaged teens in Vegas area!!  Thank you Mary!!!!
5	This boutique is a hidden gem in Summerlin. From the minute you walk in, you see unique clothing and accessories in every nook and cranny. I love all the cross accessories especially. Carol was very helpful and friendly. The cowboy boots are fabulous too. I could easily spend a lot of money here and things are priced fairly. You can tell the owner, Mary, goes out of her way to find the right items for her customers. If you're looking for something special you can't find just anywhere, check out Posh Daisie.
5	Support small business and shop at Posh Daisie. Owned by a local Las Vegas family, they take the time to get to know all of their customers. They have items at every price point if you are looking for a gift for someone. They also started carrying the cutest baby items. I always swing by Posh Daisie when I want a new outfit.
