5	For travelling on the strip and to the Fremont area for the tourist is the only way to travel! The price is great, the frequency of the buses is perfect and the ability to get on and off as often as you want for three days is a great value. The buses are clean and air conditioned. It is the best! Only issue is for seniors, it is a little more difficult to get the senior discount price, but even without the senior price, the value is outstanding.
4	The bus routes are easy to understand and the fare prices are reasonable. This is an excellent way to go up and down the strip and get to downtown. I highly recommend checking out downtown (Fremont Street). They do get really crowded in the evening though, so if you are going more than one stop, go up to the top level of the Deuce, you'll have time to get off.
2	Its the bus stupid. No really it's not supposed to fun or comfortable if you want that buy a car. That being said RTC could use some improvements, 1st be some of the drivers they don't seem to be very knowledgeable of the routes they drive, but this might be due to fact some drive different routes everyday. 2nd on some routes it would be hove them to crack down on people eating and drinking on the bus since they leave there garbage behind. 3rd Security it would help on many routes because of the type of people that ride the bus especially any route that passes through downtown. 4th Scheduling very frustrating especially on those very hot days unless you have access to google maps to know when bus is supposed to be coming.
1	Buses are often brand new. Great location stops and easy to purchase 24 hour passes allowing you to get off and on throughout your stay. HOWEVER! My hanicapped sister had her wallet stolen by a young man. When she tried to get off the bus tthe man pushed aginst her and wouldn't let her by to disembark. No reason to get close to her. The area was not crowded. I watched him for most of our trip. He watched everyone. Mostly tourists. We were sitting across from each other. I was more concerned with holding the door so she could get off the bus. Thought it was strange that she was having trouble. Immediately checked her purse bu it was too late.New bus with no cameras.  When she called to ask RTC if there were cameras they were very rude to her and just said call the police to report the incident. I consider RTC unsafe to travel with no compassion. Customer Service on the rude side.
4	This is a well ran public transport agency. My chief complaint would be that the bus stops on the local routes are sometimes spread far apart or in weird areas (getting around Downtown is no fun). Otherwise, the buses are frequent and the pricing really is not bad. I think they have made it fairly straight forward. Sure, could use some improvements but that goes for just about any place.  I found the employees to be pretty friendly too.
3	Well ran bus system but I am taking away a star for the rudeness of not one, but three bus drivers. Normally they are all pretty friendly, but I found that all the times I used the bus over my last two day trip, they were pretty crabby or down right rude for no particular reason. The buses also ran seemingly without a schedule even when there was almost no traffic at all. I guess they underestimated the number of riders, or just got cheap.
3	This is my exclusive mode of transpo when in the 702. It's $8 for a day pass, $20 for three days or $6 for two hours. It is exceedingly easy to get from the airport the strip. Anywhere else, there seemed to be delays. I'll still use it. It's cheap and easy. But those connections suck. I also enjoy seeing a different view of Vegas than the glitzy tour guides.
4	Great service to the Vegas strip.  You can't have a great experience in Vegas without using the RTC.  They have both express bus (take to outlet mall) and double decker bus (Dunce) that makes every stop for hotel jumping.  You pay for a ticket before boarding and we normally got the 24 hour ticket as 2 hours isn't enough time when going to the outlet malls.
1	Terrible. Terrible! Turrible! These assholes cannot handle the marathon -- a goddamn event that has a clear and established route -- and, well ... frankly, Sir Charles would say "they are turrible!" They fucking suck. Their residential routes leave an enormous expanse of valley geography out of service coverage. A huge portion of the population of the city Las Vegas (who cares about Hendertucky?) unserviced. Some guy just trying to get to his meaningless job was ranting about whether this was America. While it was quite entertaining -- I also felt bad for him -- he was absolutely correct. How in the fuck can these buses be that late? An hour? Two hours? Two hours! Get the fuck outta here!Number of shits given by the Regional Transportation Commission = zero.They fucking suck. How can you not be able to handle the marathon? How? The fucking route is known! It is known, published and known, well beforehand. A year in advance! It doesn't make any sense. The RTC sucks, and the entire top, fatcat losers collecting salary while allowing the entire system to collapse during the fucking marathon should be summarily fired and replaced by individuals who are better qualified. Fire them all and force them to pay back their wages. Reason? Dereliction of fucking duty. "It is unacceptable," declared one very agitated rider. He went on to explain that they should be able to coordinate such logistics with it being a simple marathon and not "Hiroshima." This guy was right.They fucking suck. While it is nice that they have express routes (some inexplicably sidelined during the marathon) and WiFI, what good is any of that shit when the buses are not running their routes? When they continue to increase fares and gouge the living shit out of tourists on the strip, but service continues to lag. What the fuck good is a ride tracker when the fucking bus is parked for over an hour at the brand new, rider-funded UNLV Transit Centre and not moving! What a disgrace. Fire everyone; start over. - E
5	Me and my wife went to Vegas for the first time and for 3 nights. Since we had plan to enjoy only at The Strip, so we were looking for a good public transportation option which runs even during late night. That's when I came across RTC. Their bus service is awesome:- runs 24/7- 15 min frequency during day and around 20 min or so during nights- covers almost every hotel and casino on The Strip- easily accessible from McCarran International Airport (both pick-up and drop)- bus drivers are extremely friendly and helpful(guide you well incase you don't know the exact way to reach to a destination)- pretty cheap if you go for their full day pass, $8/person- nice and clean double decker buses- both slower(stops at every stop) and faster(skips few stops) buses available. Slower one is DEUCE and faster one is SAX- WAX is specially for airport, very few stops so pretty fast
1	The bus drivers are ok for the most part. I had 2 that seemed like they hated there job. The bus is always packed. People sweat or don't shower. It can get really stinky. 1 driver kept pumping breaks like he was trying to get people to fall that had to stand. But it's affordable so it is what it is. The one day I took a cab it was $30Just got off of buss 58 because some had spilled a drink and she she refused to move till the water was cleaned up by someone. This bus had no air conditioning and it was a sweat box.
5	We used RTC as our transport around the downtown/Strip area and to the airport. The drivers were extremely helpful, except for one. Got us pretty much everywhere we needed to go, at least within a mile of our destinations outside of the downtown area. We stayed at the Golden Nugget and the bus stopped right outside. It was great. At the end of our trip, we got lost on our way to the airport and a driver picked us up and took us to the next connecting stop which wasn't even on his route and wouldn't even take a tip! Awesome! Will use again and again.Don't waste your money on cabs. 1.2 miles was $13 not including tip. They charge distance AND time and will usually drive around for a bit, I know because I had my GPS navigation on and it was telling me of shorter routes with no traffic.
1	Bus takes a long time in the morning at flamingo rd going east. Just out here in the early heat and no bus yet very late and it should of been left at 8:42am but nothing
