5	Last Thursday, I had to take a friend to the ER at the Grayhawk/Thompson Peak branch of Scottsdale Healthcare, which was wonderful (five stars - I tried to post a review but it failed twice). Then, the following Saturday, I had to take ANOTHER friend to this Hospital. Also five stars. On a Saturday night, my friend and I had very little wait. She was given a bed almost immediately and saw a doctor within minutes. Even though I am not family, I was allowed to accompany her with her consent. This is really refreshing as I have run into draconian family-only policies before, which basically adds more stress to an already stressful process. The doctor was very thorough and took into account my friend's cost concerns regarding testing and her prescriptions. Thankfully, my friend's condition was not terribly serious and we were in an out in a matter of hours! The staff was very friendly and accommodating and made sure that both of us got instructions for follow up and did not have any questions. When we did have questions later, at a separate pharmacy, our calls were promptly answered and our concerns addressed quickly. Husband was left in the waiting room, and he reported that he also had a good experience. Overall, five stars for fast, friendly service, doctors and nurses who care, and for excellent follow up.
1	SHC has the best, cleanest ER BUT if you get submitted to the hospital, it's the worst hospital ever!! I won't bore you with the many complaints I had during my stay, but if you can avoid being submitted to this hospital, do whatever you can. Going back when I was being taken to the ER, I would have taken a longer trip if that meant I could have stayed at a better hospital. So just ONE of the BAJILLION complaints I have about this hospital is...They are under staffed and the nurses are witches. After my surgery I had to pee (sorry if that's TMI) but I couldn't get to the bathroom on my own so I paged a nurse. NO ONE came around for an HOUR. Towards the end of that hour I was paging the nurses every two seconds. Still nada. Finally, I grabbed my cell phone, called 411 and had them connect me with the hospital, I spoke with a receptionist and had to ask her if someone would please come to my room to help me. It was after that a nurse actually came to help me. Can you believe that??There are a lot of elderly people in this part of town too and they probably would have just been left there to crap all over themselves or been ignored. If you have a grandparent or know an older person staying here, get them transferred.other issues in the eyes of someone on pain meds:-they didn't toast my bagel and it made me cry. through tears i said to my sister, 'they didn't toast my bagel!!!' and then i'm pretty sure i through it on the floor. but that parts a bit blurry. - they didn't knock before barging into my room in the middle of the night, which scared me and made me cry. through tears i said, 'can you please knock??!!'issues not related to pain meds:- you have to share a room. yuck. my roommate was a farter.- the nurses are evil. they don't pay attention to the needles and tubes INSIDE of your SKIN when they go to take your blood pressure!! imagine having those ripped out of your arm bc the nurse isn't paying attention-in order to leave they make the head dr or nurse or something check you out. we waited 6 hours waiting for the nurse person while the nurses kept telling us to hold on, it should be soon. and then we found out it wasn't necessary and they finally let us leave. - the nurses argue. see conversation below:"samantha- are you in pain? do you need more pain meds?''yes''you must not be in pain if you're sleeping''i'm not asleep''your eyes are closed''ummm, i'm responding aren't i? i'm not asleep''well if you were in pain it would be impossible for you to lay here calmly''can you please stop arguing with me? i am in pain so please stop arguing with me'
4	Thursday... sniffles... a little itchy in the throat... Friday... same plus being more tired than usual.. and now my throat is hurting a little more :( i get vitamins and Tylenol sinus... take it religiously till Sunday... but by then i feel like i had been dragged through hell by the devil himself! but as stubborn and bullheaded as i am ... i don't go to the doc.. till my mama yells at me over the phone to go... lol you kinda have to after that.. so i come here... from what I've heard it has the shortest wait times.... i go in a little before noon... lots of space... not to many people in their... the front desk folks were really sweet and concerning... it took only minutes before they pulled me back for my vitals and such .. they tagged me with the damn bracelets and i waited not much longer... maybe 10 minutes... i sat in that waiting room longer than i sat in that hospital bed... i was in and out quick... turns out i have an ear infection and strep... i got the work excuse letter and meds... and i was good to go... I'm not much of a hospital lover but ill make an exception when i don't have to be there very long : )
5	This is a review for the Birthing and Family Suites.  My wife and I just had our first baby.  We stayed there for 4 days and 4 nights.  This place is great.  The care and attention they gave my son and wife was top notch.  The staff is incredible.  From the nurses to cleaning staff..... everyone was so FRIENDLY.  Though the Shea suites are known to be nicer, I hear the personnel is not as personal.  I strongly urge you to have your child here.
5	We just recently gave birth to our son over at Scottsdale Osborn and can't say enough at what a great experience we had here.  The staff was so helpful and attentive, which made the experience that much better.  I would definitely recommend their birthing and family suites to anyone.
5	Sometimes things happen, and when they do this is the place where you want them taken care of. The orthopedics department and trauma department have some of the best, and nicest Doctors you'll find in the state.
4	You know, if this place ever remodels its patient wards, I'll give them 5 stars.The reality is, this is the best hospital experience I've ever had. I just don't like the patient rooms.The nursing staff is wonderful, friendly, and they work together with the doctors, nutritionists, and patients in a way that appears to be a well-executed symphony. Seriously. I was in awe and impressed. I felt well-cared for, safe and personally saw many of the staff go above and beyond.It was like the doctors talked to the nurses, the nurses talked to the patients, the nurses talked to the testing departments...it works like clockwork.
5	This hospital saved my father's life and got him on a program of health management which is giving him more real quality time and a great life  The doctors, nurses, assistants and admin staff are all wonderful and very pleasant. Then there is the army of dedicated volunteers to help people find their way and get information. They are great! This is also the cleanest hospital I have ever visited.  Every department is first class. The best doctors in the world practice here and if any trip to a hospital can be called pleasant, then this is the one that fits that description. I also have to add a special comment about what is called "the cafeteria". This is the best use of understatement ever. If this is a "cafeteria" then a Rolls Royce is just a "car". Food is served 24/7 on a combination cook to order, hot prep and self serve basis which rivals anything at the best Scottsdale resorts and at fast food prices. This hidden gem is open to the public but is primarily there to serve staff and visitors. I admit to having lunch there when I am in the area because it is just so good. Imagine broiled sea bass with salsa verde and a spinach salad with cherry vinaigrette dressing and coffee for $6.74. The food is good, healthy, fresh and the dining area is pleasant even when crowded. The same great food is served to patients as permitted by their doctors. There is no wine list but that is the only thing that keeps this restaurant from taking on the finest upscale places in town. Personally, I'll settle for the great coffee and a fine meal at a great price.
4	Paid an unexpected visit to the ER last night after an asthma attack. I had nowhere else to go since the Urgent Care facility I usually go to was closed, and I don't have a primary care that I trust.I was in the area, so I decided to pop in. Although this wasn't a life or death situation, I was coughing pretty heavily and needed care quick. The ER folks took good care of me. In and out of the ER in 50 minutes. Not bad eh? It was a slow night. But then again...it's Scottsdale. Nothing exciting happens when the hospital is usually filled with old people.  I was given a nebulizer treatment and given a pat on the butt. Off I went. No big deal.I would like to point out that I am a cash patient, and I have yet to receive a bill. Lord knows what that will look like. Perhaps I will have to update the review later. Ha.All in all...great service, and I would come here if I did have insurance.
5	If I'm ever in any kind of accident, this is the place I want to go.
4	Seriously, I love when a whole hospital gets bad reviews because of 1 bad RN or Doc. Oh, well. If I'm ever in a serious accident or have a deathly illness, I want to go here. The ER and ICU staff are world class.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVEE The Family Birthing Suites at Scottsdale Osborn.  I checked in at 3 pm on June 10th - separate building from hospital.  After talking with the DR on call, we decided that the best course of action, for me and my son, was for me to have a c-section.  Baby C was born at 6:01pm.  8lb 10oz, 21inches long, Healthy, and Screaming!  LOLThis birthing center is nice and private.  At most, there's 12 mamas on the floor.  Makes for lots of personal attention and you don't feel like just another number.  I will say that 95% of the staff was wonderful.  The 5% being the night shift staff I had my 2nd night.  TERRIBLE!  The Aid was pretty much nonexistent.  And well the RN on her first hour on shift, she's trying to "Help" my son nurse.  She's not only man-handling my boobs, but shoving my sons face into my tit.  Baby C is screaming and I'm getting frustrated.  Then the nurse starts in with her agenda - her formula pushing agenda.  My husband was ready to cave, but I told her to give us (my son and I) 5 minutes.  She left the room.  I was able to get Baby C calmed down and latched on.  Without shoving my boob into his face/mouth.  But that didn't stop her belittling my efforts.  All night long, I was beaten down with her formula pushing as Baby C was waking up every 2 or so hours to nurse.   I ignored her every time and said each time, "well his pediatrician (who had saw Baby C and I that first day) said that my body knows what to do, and I'm producing colostrum...which is all he needs right now.  My milk will come in in a few days.  And that I need to nurse to get my milk to come in."  This horrid nurse would always say, "he's hungry..that's why he's crying.  You should really give him formula."   Nurse Ratchet came in at 6am making her final rounds, and again I was nursing Baby C.  She finally says to me, "Well you're getting a lot of practice."  I seriously wanted to bitch slap this C You Next Tuesday.  After having little to no sleep, I lost it and started weeping.  She asked if I was alright and I said YUP.  She knew I had hit my breaking point and left.  I then began to sob uncontrollably.  I called my mom, who could bairly understand me over the sobs.  I called J, who also couldn't understand me.  But both made it a point to hurry up and get down to the Birthing Center.  Thankfully, the wonderful team I had my first day was back on shift.  The Aid came and said, as she walked in the door, "How's my superstar (I according to them had been an ideal patient...moving around the room, tending to baby, and walking the hall every few hours with Baby C...letting him get some sun from the skylights in the halls.  Apparently they have to practically drag other new moms out of bed.) this morning?!"  Then when she saw the emotional state I was in, "OMG are you alright?  What's wrong!?"  I cried on her shoulder for a good 20 minutes.  She reassured me and she said she would notify the nursing supervisor of what happened.  Baby C's pediatrician was making rounds and stopped by while the Aid was getting my vitals.  I addressed what happened over night, and said that if that nurse and aid was going to be back on shift, that I wanted to get Baby C and I discharged (if all my dr's approved).  Dr G. was outraged at what happened!!  She's pro-breastfeeding.  So Dr. G went and paid a visit to the nursing supervisor.  I was happy to hear that Nurse Ratchet and her sidekick was going to be returning that evening.  My RN that day was Ruth.  OMG.  RUTH = AWESOME  She's been an RN for at least 50 years and her bedside manner proved it.  She's wonderful.  She knew I had a rough night and wanted Baby C and I to get a nice nap.  So she let me nurse C and came in a few minutes after we finished up, with a bottle of lotion.  Baby C was already asleep.  I'm tellin you, I got the best backrub of my life that morning.  And J said I was out like a light within minutes.   So there you have it.  From one end of the spectrum to the other.  Ruth vs. Nurse Ratchet.  The facility = 5 starsThe staff = depends on who you get.  Nurse Ratchet and her sidekick Aid = Negative StarsThe rest of the staff = 5+ Stars!I'm going to go ahead and give 5 stars.
1	Possibly the worst hospital in town. They try to impress patients with nice surroundings but in reality seem to have the youngest and least experienced people probably  due to there lower pay and benefits. I guess that's why they all look like teenagers there.Many doctors and the experienced nursing and support staff have left in droves.I was warned about them when a close family friend was being treated at Mayo and then later when a emergency developed  was taken to this place (Scottsdale Healthcare) Mayo Clinic called them and ordered a necklace that said in case of emergency DO NOT TAKE TO SCOTTSDALE  HEALTHCARE. It is clear why this hospital chain above all others concerned the doctors at the Mayo Clinic. Like many Arizonians we have also heard about many supposedly unnecessary deaths from this excuse for a hospital.
5	So, my friend had a horrible accident at work and put his hand through a saw.  He severed three fingers, and was rushed here for surgery.  The surgeon was able to re-attach his fingers, and he was in ICU for 2 days, and was eventually moved to the recovery area for 3 days, spending a total of 5 days here in this hospital.While visiting him, I was happy to see that they were taking good care of him.  The ICU here was 1 nurse for every 2 patients, and he had his own room.  They checked on him every hour, making sure his hand was still gaining circulation through his fingers.The nurses in ICU were really good, and took excellent care of him.  Once he was moved upstairs to the 4th floor, he shared a room with another guy who was pretty cool.  The nurses here were a bit more spread thin, but still gave him the care that he needed.  He was able to get up and walk around as needed, and the 4th floor was a lot busier (obviously) then intensive care. When I did come here, the general hospital staff was friendly and helpful.  When I came in, there were a few volunteers at the front who assisted me in finding out where I needed to go to see my friend, and they would show me where to go.  The gift shop ladies were friendly and welcoming, along with all the other interactions with staff that I had here throughout my friends stay.If you visit after 8PM, the front doors are locked, and you have to go through the emergency entrance and sign in with security.  I gave them my ID, they gave me a badge and I was able to walk upstairs to pick him up when it was time to come home.  I like that they have security here, so that way crazy people can't roam the hospital floors.  Well, at least if they do, they won't get very far anyways.Overall a great experience, and I'm glad that they were able to save his fingers and the staff was awesome.
1	After waiting in the ER for 4 1/2 hours without being seen. We took our 1 year old child to Phoenix Children's Hospital. Watching our child suffer from their allergic reaction spread to their entire body and affecting his breathing did not warrant an emergency to them. As we ask them to cancel the paperwork so we could go to another hospital that could actually treat us, they said that they would still bill us for the visit. So basically we're gonna receive a bill for filling out paperwork and waiting 4.5 hours in the waiting room. Consulting our attorney tomorrow. Please take my advice and if you have an emergency drive to the closest hospital that is not this hospital.
5	My dad came here for outpatient pacemaker replacement surgery, and from the moment we walked into admitting at 6 am until the moment my dad was wheeled out at around 2 pm, he received excellent care.  You can't go wrong with the care you will receive at this excellent facility.  Well done, Scottsdale Osborn!
1	This place is an absolute joke! I was in a motorcycle accident and came in to have my hip scanned to make sure it was ok. I was in there for maybe 1.5 hours, The nurse came in once, and the doctor stopped in once. He never came back with the pain meds he promised. Since my insurance company decided to not pay the claim, i was stuck with $2600 bill for my little visit. That is absolutely outrageous they can charge that much. and when i try to negotiate due to having to come out of pocket on it. They will not adjust... For that price, i could have stayed in a hotel on Park Ave in Manhattan and got better service. I will say one thing.. The nurse that came in at first was very nice, but the price they want for this and stick you with is insane.. And if you tell them to "F" off, they ruin your credit with their bill.. Real Cute.
5	I went to the new Scottsdale Primary care in Tempe first let me say I walked through the door and was greeted with a smile and a good morning. Something I did not get at my old Dr. Office. The Doctor was so nice and answered all my questions. The nice lady who gave me my flu shot was so polite.  The lady who drew my blood for blood work got it the first time which I am not an easy stick.  If you live near this new facility and are sick of your old Dr and staff horrible treatment this is the place to go. Thank you Scottsdale Health for opening. Place south of the 2002.
5	Yesterday my Toms shoes totally destroyed my left heel leaving me with a nasty infection that caused my ankle to become a cankle and it was seriously painful to boot. But who wants to deal with emergency rooms or urgent care? After family intervention and the real possibility of my foot falling off I decided to let my pride go and visit my local hospital! Upon first entering the waiting room it looked like there was going to be quite a wait, great... I had work the next morning and wanted to go home and watch some food network before I passed out. That was looking like a grim prospect... But alas they had me triaged, had me in the back, seen by an amazing Physicians Assistant who was fast and friendly, my foot was cleaned and wrapped and antibiotics, tetanus shot and discharge paperwork in about an hour! Hopefully I won't have to use them again but if I do at least I know I am in good hands!
5	Best Hospital system in the valley.
5	We had an unexpected surgery and Osborn is the closest ER to us. Checked wait times on-line for Shea as well, but Osborn was about 2 minutes. They had us in the ER room within a minute. If you've ever worked in a hospital, you will notice that most staff do NOT knock on doors before they open (very intrusive), do NOT wash or sanitize their hands (why there are so many uncontrolled infections in healthcare), do NOT answer call lights in a timely manner, and do NOT spend enough time with their patients. I work in hospitals, nursing homes, and rehabs. I cannot sing enough praises about how well taken care of we were at Osborn, from ER, to inpatient, to surgical, to discharge. Everyone in the ER showed genuine concern and sympathy for the problem, spent actual time with us, and even knocked on the door with "May I come in?" before entering....INCLUDING the physicians! I was flabbergasted. Transitioning to an Inpatient room was just as flawless. Although we had one negative experience with a student nurse, all else went without a fuss. The nurses were on the call light within seconds. Housekeeping, aides, and nurses made us beyond comfortable with answering questions, getting meds on time, generally being super professional as well as polite. Even our admitting physician and eventual surgeon....actually made eye contact with us, answered a multitude of frightening questions, and wasn't making for the door the instant he walked in. And yes....even they knocked and waited for us to say it was ok to enter the room (I've been helping patients dress themselves or get on the toilet and most facilities, the MD just barges in and starts yapping away in medical jargon while the poor patient is butt naked or is having their rear end wiped...talk about loss of dignity).So to sum up, great, great, great, albeit unfortunate, visit to Scottsdale Osborn!!!!
2	Not sure why all the high reviews for ER. I think they have gone way down hill. Don't get me wrong: I think if you are an admit, the care is stellar. ED is just full of a bunch of insensitive burned out nurses. First of all, $7,000 for a 2 hour visit--only test performed was a CT. TO COMPARE, my mother was recently in ED and admitted for 3 days at Yavapai Med (talk about a GREAT hospital) and her bill for ALL was 16,000. Of course there will be adjustments made through insurance, but my Lord. No wonder such a screwed up med system. I could barely walk or stand up straight when I got there. Serious stomach issues & it looked like coffee grounds in my vomit--this was the ONLY reason I went. Look, I work in healthcare, I know good nursing and care. The guy who admitted (took vitals etc) was impatient and literally sprinted to the room I was to have ahead of me. I was a FALL risk and you run ahead of me when I can barely stand straight? The nurse I got, let's just say she's 30+ years into it, and not into it, if you know what I mean. Pillow? Nope. Freezing & shaking, not even taking note--Mom has to go get me 2 more blankets & make a pillow out of my jacket for my arthritic neck. H & P update? Nope. Height & weight? Nope. Check in on me? Nope. I ask for ice chips, sorry not until we get CT results. Ok, makes sense. After results? Never brings a thing. Personality of a old time nurse going through the motions. I'm not a human, just a long line of cattle to brand. Any follow-up from Scottsdale Osborn  Healthcare? Nope. Not a call, not a survey, not even by mail. So here's your survey: your ED has gone downhill. Glad I wasn't really, really sick, but when the doctor has to look up my autoimmune disease and drug, I get a bit scared. As for that nurse. Time to retire. You are really not helping anyone anymore. PS-I have probably only used the ER 3 times in all my life. We are not all "frequent flyer drug seekers". Stop stereo typing and some compassion.
4	My friend just had a baby here and it was simple. Place seemed clean, the employees were kind and very helpful. Tried the cafeteria there and wasn't bad. It was food at the hospital so nothing too fancy. Parking situation wasn't difficult at all neither. Overall, nice place to have a baby.
5	Absolutely the best ... they were kind, efficient and took care of my mother in her last hours. The ER doctor and staff as well as the 2nd floor nurses and doctor were just amazing. The hospice we signed up with totally let us down - but Scottsdale Healthcare was great ... they took care of me as well as I had a health issue during this time. I grew up in Scottsdale and this facility has always been A1. In a time when there are serious concerns about medicine, the people who work at this hospital still understand about providing care for the patient and their families. I saw one review talking about costs. I worked until recently as a medical practice manager and interacted with medical insurance on all sorts of levels. It is unfortunate the costs are so high ... but typically the costs are the same in regard to tests within the Valley or anywhere else for that matter. Thank You.
1	I was a new patient there and I went in for severe back pain. Something that Ive had for several years and forced my retirement from the military. The doctor told me that I was addicted to Tramadol and treated me like I was an idiot. I asked for a shot of toretol and she told me that we were out of time and they only allow 15 minutes per patient. I went home with severe back pain feeling like I was guilty of something. I am not a pill addict and I rarely if ever even take pain pills. I cant remember her name but she was a blonde lady with a wrist brace on. She should be removed from medical practice.
5	My grandfather has been in and out of here for the last couple of months and his longest stay was over four weeks long. The entire situation has been very difficult for the entire family, but Scottsdale Osborn has for sure done their part.The staff was SUPER AWESOME with my grandfather who was less then cooperative  or even just polite at times. He was a handful but it never seemed to bother the staff. They accommodated him in every way they could, even as he yelled and cursed at them.I also know that they gave him the best care they could and I not only recognize it but truly appreciate it.
1	Hmmm... Where do I start, I visited this place Two days ago because I started having trouble breathing my Doctors office was closed obviously and I needed attention fast... So I decided to visit this shit hole of a place aka the Hospital. I go in and immediately I'm greeted with Attitude no one makes eye contact with you, the women in the front are Rude drama Queen Gossip Girl types. They take forever to ask you what are you are being seen for like why is this even the Emergency Room when the service is slow? But anyways as I wait to be seen throat nearly closing I finally get called back where I am greeted to more attitude from the Nurse taking me back to my room, I then get seated on a dirty bed with black stains on the sheets and the room had blood all ovee the floor smeared blood everywhere ok is that even safe? And then to make matters worse the Doctor comes in Doesn't make any kinda contact with me says open my mouth and says ah you have rhinitis  aka Hay Fever mhmm how would you know that not even checking me out she prescribed two prescriptions and says that will be all.. okay that was on the 5th today on the 7th my body started to react to the pills she prescribed my face went numb, sweaty palms,  headaches,  dry mouth to where I couldn't swallow and to top it off my throat was closing like again.  So I tried to hold it off because I know how shitty this place is but everything got worse and I freaked myself out so I decided to go see why ny face was numb etc maybe they could give me something for this, but nope here we go again same attitude as the night before,  they let some child run around with Lice for over 20 minutes before covering her head with something Really?  You know lice is contagious right and you are a nurse?? Um after waiting with no one in The ER besides me and the Girl with Lice I go back to the Room and Boom attitude really so I asked was there a race issue here at this hospital because I've been treated like crap on several occasions she couldn't look at me or make direct eye contact I asked her nicely to file a complaint she started to mumble a few words... Then about 4 people came in the a room one guy who said he's the Supervisor super rude Randy!  He was rude to a family member prior to me and I witnessed it when I went to visit,  Guess he didn't recognize me but I caught him in the act twice and finally called him out on it and his staff.  He claimed to see no Color this and that and processed to try to say I was Flipping it on him which is why I need to file a complaint people there are clearly unable to do their job and people need to voice how they feel without being attacked,  Because their scared to get a complaint anyways after dealing with Randy the Doctor comes in he must be a Rookie and of course he does the same crap the lady who prescribed me did I said ok my face is numb and explaining to him other things he starts beating on my knee Really ok I'm done I have to go like are you kidding me?  My knee isn't having the reaction its ny face I need something for my face Jesus christ I got up in frustration because everyone wanted to act Dumb tonight and not know how to treat an allergic reaction to medication are you prescribing me something else or are you just letting me sit here with a swollen numb face and neck ok well ok I just got up and left out no you won't be billing my insurance because I didn't even sign any papers to be admitted really weird I'm sick of being mistreated here even when I come in with positive spirits I'm getting a vibe from the workers and Doctors I will not be returning at all I don't care how far I have to travel I won't be going back again I will not tolerate being disrespected or treated unequally
