4	I am not one for chain restaurants but since most of my family is and I admit, on occassion I do feel oddly comforted by them when outrageous amounts of change occur in my life... this brings me to Fuddruckers.  I was very happy with my turkey burger, just took a bit longer than my stomach was willing to wait (my dad had been finished with his burger by the time I sat down with mine!) My parents enjoyed their plentiful milkshake- after a good-sized spill they still had plenty to share.  I am still disturbed by the weird, goopy cheese available at the condiment station- who pumps cheese? My mom. That's who. And she loves it.I enjoyed the booths. The employees were friendly and the one who checked to see if my turkey burger was ready when I couldn't wait anymore- did so in a friendly, patient manner that didn't make me feel like an impatient jerk.I would go here again.
4	It's still a good burger.....with good value.....and it didn't take five guys to make it.  Whatever you do....don't give them your real name.  Make them call out something foolish or frivolous.  I like the name, Alberto!
2	I'm from San Diego and have had wonderful experiences at Fuddruckers there. That said, I did not care so much for my meal. For one thing medium does not mean "rare-ish" it means a nice thin band of red. The outside of the burger was cooked but the inside was almost too rare. The chili fries were fine but I remember having them not with steak fries but shoestring. If there is a next time I'll ask.The desert consisted of two peanut butter cookies and a blonde brownie. The peanut butter cookies were not peanut butter but sugar cookies with peanut butter chips. The brownie was the driest brownie I've had in years. It seemed almost stale.Some people have had a wonderful experience at Fuddruckers. I have in San Diego but not this one. I'm going to think hard about going back for a second time.
3	I like this place in Matthews, NC,, however, it always takes a second try to get the burger medium rare. The employees are friendly and seem generally concerned when I take a burger back to recook.
4	Pleasantly surprised that this place is still open.  I still remember when it was "new" to Matthews and the concept very foreign to me.I'd say you get a pretty solid burger and condiments.  The tomatoes, lettuce, onions, etc are all very fresh and at your fingertips.  Burgers are cooked to order and pretty quickly - you don't have to wait long to start eating.The dining room leaves a little to be desired.  I think the same decorations are up since the opening so it is a hodge-podge of items and themes... really doesn't make sense really, but I think the important focus of this place is the burgers and food.They do something special with the buns too... I can't put my finger on it, but they go so well with the burgers and hold up pretty well with burger.  A lot of times the buns fall away or are too small... I was super impressed with my bun this past visit.
3	Visited there last night...sorry...the booths are gone!  The prices are a bit high, although the quality is as good as I've had anywhere. The produce is always fresh and the staff very friendly. The interior could use a little updating, but I don't think that would keep me from returning.
3	It's a good greasy burger when you are in the mood for it. The service is friendly as well.
4	Down from upstate NY for the weekend and stopped here with the family tonight.  We were the last order of the night and they were so nice to us, and the food was great!  Another solid meal from a great place!By the way we brought the rest of the family here the following day for luunch too!!!!  Couldn't resist when they offered.
4	My husband and I came here with our two little ones. It had been years since we have both been to a Fuddruckers. We liked it. we both ordered well done and that is what we got. We liked the fries and my daughter liked the chicken. it was not crowded at all for lunch which was cool. I will go again if I ever have a craving for a cheeseburger again.
3	The triple cheese burger was good but I've had better.
3	Time and time again, Fuddruckers has never been on my bad list. There's nothing special here other than some memories I've shared at this place when I was little. I was sort of surprised that this place was still open, considering the fact that several restaurants around it has closed down.This place is pretty simple setup, order on the right, condiment bar, and then tables everywhere. Nothing special, nothing to look at, just a place to sit down and eat. I do have to mention that it is sort of loud, but not to the point where you're shouting and such. This place is supposed to be a high quality type of burger, which no doubt it is, however to me I think I rather go to Five Guys for a nice big burger than come and sit down and wait around for a burger. Anyways, this place isn't bad nor is it amazing to the point where I'm a fan so I give it 3 stars for their service (for ordering), food, and their freshness of their condiments.
4	I finally can say I'm a fan! Over time, I've found the best time to come is before 5PM. Over and over again,  the cook  gets it right the first time. As usual, the vegetables are really fresh. A great place to come for a no-hassle burger.
3	I wish I could give this place 4 stars, but I just couldn't.My fiance and I just recently visited here last month. The customer service has always kind of sucked though. When we recently came here, the burger was desperately lacking in seasoning. It was SO disappointing because a Fuddruckers burger is usually really good!This place is extremely personalized though. You get to choose what toppings to put on your burger. It's a little station right when you walk in. The cheese sauce also needs salt. It never has any flavor.I also love how they have a bakery too. Their sugar cookies are really good. This place would be booming if they would up their seasoning a bit. The amount of fries they give you though is not enough.
4	Greasy goodness. Service is friendly and food is hot. The burgers are messy, and that is usually a sign of good taste. I like that they bake their own buns and grind their own meat. Will return when in the area in the future.
2	Good but VERY greasy -a medium rare 1/2 lb burger drips a shot glass worth of grease. Good quality meat but cooked on a flat griddle (cooking surface) not on a open grill, the meat just stews in it's own boiling fat. That may be ok for McD's where every burger is cooked to death and then beyond but that doesn't work for me.
4	Fuddruckers Truck!  Can you say hot, greasy burgers just steps from your desk?  People lined up clear across the parking lot.  I had the turkey burger and fries with plans to eat only half.  Well, 20 minutes later, I groaned and wandered back to my desk in a L-tryptophan daze, full and satisfied having eaten the entire burger and most of the fries.  The service was fast and friendly; the meal was cheap.  I will be standing in line next week for my next fix!
5	I've eaten at several burger joints in my life (even other Fuddruckers') but this particular spot is up there with the best of them. My burger was juicy, tender, flavorful, and large. The bread in particular was a surprise; it was freshly baked and flaky. If you're looking for a great burger, you can't go wrong here.
5	there is nothing wrong with this place.  burger heaven/perfection.
5	I used to eat all the time at Fudruckers in Texas and loved it so I was beyond pleased to see one here right down the street from my mom's house and it did not disappoint.  The burgers are just delicious.  Unlike 5 Guys they're thick and they'll cook them to order.  The buns are cooked on site and are so good. The topping bar at this location is very well maintained and the overall service was excellent.  So for chain burger places 5 Guys is good but given a choice give me Fudruckers.
2	Don't understand what is so great about fuddruckers. Hamberger was ok. Yeah they do have lots of options but quite honestly so does Cook Out! And they are cheaper! My husband, myself and preteen daughter ate there for $30! I felt ripped off.
2	I thought I'd give the "100% USDA premium choice beef" ribeye steak sandwich a try. When I saw the steak wasn't sliced but served whole on a bun I wondered how was I supposed to eat it. I took one bite and immediately knew the answer: it had been hammer tenderized to death, destroying all the natural fiber. The meat was mealy and just fell apart ... not cool.I had a small order of sweet potato fries that tested like potato pie, not like fries. I'm pretty sure they used sweetener too. Not good either.That was $11 for both, no soda. I remember in the '80s Fuddrucker was pretty expensive for a self service but they sold a superior product. Now it's just pretty expensive.
5	Great location way better than other Fuddrucker's
2	It was good but WAY overpriced. For that reason alone, I wouldn't ever return. We got a half pound burger with onion rings, a 1/3rd lb burger with onion rings, small chili cheese fries (chili wasn't that great) with drinks. It was a whopping $30. All that and we had to clean off our own table and go get our own food. For that price, I'd expect more.
3	$29 for a 1/2 lb chilli burger, 1/3 lb south west burger, two drinks and chili cheese fries. I love the idea of adding my toppings. The burgers are really good but don't taste like a grilled burger. The chili on the burger and fries is the same and taste like canned chili...something like bunker hill style. The tables were kinda dirty abd I had to wipe ours down. But over all the decor is nice and fun with games and lots if tv's.
3	We've eaten here many times over the years since it's opening, and it has gone up and down in quality and dining experience as staff and management changes.  The food is OK, tho competition from 5 Guys has to be eating at them, and the location is off-the-beaten-path.   Should be a lot busier than it is, but is often fairly empty.
1	The worst burger I have ever tasted in my life.  Very dry and tasteless.   I had never been to Fuddruckers before and I will never be back.  Dirty tables, chairs and overall cleanliness of this restaurant was simply unacceptable.  Manager and cashiers were great, but this does not make a restaurant... food quality and taste is key.
3	Decent build a burger ...had the burger with pepper jack everything was good but would be better if they seasoned the meat
5	I'm always hesitant to eat out at restaurants with a dairy allergy, but I had such a great experience yesterday. The manager looked at each menu item that I was interested in and let me know if it contained dairy. He was so helpful and it was such a pleasant experience. I ended up getting the chicken wrap (without onion rings or honey mustard dressing) with a side of balsamic vinaigrette dressing and french fries. It was very yummy. I don't leave reviews often, but with the outstanding service yesterday I wanted to review it!
