5	Really great little Breakfast/Lunch place tucked into one of the most industrial parts of Tempe.  You might not even know it was there were it not for a few covered tables on a make shift patio.  Really great food, super prices and almost disgustingly nice people who work there!  The place is so cute.  Black and white checkered tiles.  White bead board up to a chair rail.  Very homey without being overly kitschy.  While they do all the basics, and do them well, this isn't just your basic fare.  How about their Muffelatta for $5.15?  Or their Hot Sweet Italian sandwich - with sausage, onion, peppers and mushrooms w/ melted provolone cheese ($5.85)?  And their Spinach salad with egg and bacon for $5.05?  All good.  They even have a Monte Cristo ($5.15) on their menu! And their basics are great.  I had the Tuna melt ($5.05) on an employee's recommendation and it's one of the best one's I've had in a long time.  I haven't had their breakfasts yet, but I've got my eye on their Egg, Chorizo and roasted green chile wrap for $3.25.  And then there are their drinks.  Sure - when I saw I could get Hires Root Beer or Squirt with my lunch, I was stoked.  But then I saw their coffee menu.  How about a large (32oz) Iced Coffee for $2.25? Or a large Iced Chai for $2.05???  They also Cappuccino, Espresso and Lattes for similarly great prices.  But in the end, it's the folks who work there that have knocked me out. My first time there, the girl who took my order remembered my name and checked on me twice at my table - by name.  She wasn't a waitress, just worked behind the counter.  But when she came to clear a table, she just wanted to check on things.  I almost hate to give the place up, but the more folks who come by, the more likely I am to be able to keep this place around.  So I definitely encourage you to come by.  Even if it's to just grab a coffee and a baked good.  Yes - they bake things fresh on site every day.  Just one more layer of their oh so goodness.  If only they were open on Saturday...Hours: M-F, 6am-3pm
5	I used to work next door to MS.  It is a family owned and operated establishment in a location that has seen it's share of owners.  Due to the location nothing else has seemed to work there.  The owners however take great care to learn their regular customers names and give it that homey feel.  The food is a little pricey, however, it is well worth the price.  A typical sandwich is about 3 inches thick.  There is nothing that I have eaten there that I did not like.  The deserts are all made on site and they are to die for, true comfort food.  They also do breakfast all day.My favorite ... their coffee.  Peter, the owner, I believe gets it from Mexico.  It has a caramelized roast so it is strong but never bitter.I am no longer working in an area that affords me the opportunity to stop in, but when i drive by the Priest exit on 60 I so want to just get off and run in to get some coffee.
5	I frequent this place for lunch since it is close to my work.  Extremely glad I found it since there are not many decent and quick places to eat in the area. I have to comment on how nice everyone is and they definitely make it a point to remember you.  I even forgot my wallet once and they just gave me the sandwich anyway, the owner said he didn't want me to waste my lunch hour driving back to the office to get it- I made it a point to go back the next day and pay for it. They have the best wheat bread; thick and soft slices.  I am a turkey sandwich kind of girl and they never disappoint. Their bakery selections are just like grandma used to make.  The soups seem to be pretty healthy because they are all homemade.  Their hot sandwiches seem to be pretty yummy too- my bf always goes for them.
4	I stopped in here for Lunch today and met my girl Andrea K.It's a cute little Christian themed cafe with an extremely friendly staff.They offer breakfast all day, sandwiches and soups.At first I wasn't in the mood for a "sandwich" and just settled for a turkey, I asked what came on it and was told "Anything, we customize them however you like" SO I was a bit perturbed when I asked for cucumber and avocado and they didn't have any......I ended up with turkey, sprouts, tomato, swiss and deli mustard on wheat (see pics) It actually was a really good sandwich but for almost $9 including a drink, I think it was a bit much.Why 4 stars? ~Service went along way, staff was personable and seemed to really care about the customers and I enjoyed the sandwich even though it was pricey.
4	Excellent food. Topped only by the service, which is the friendliest you'll find in Phoenix. I had the 1/2 sammie and soup. I chose their 3-cheese grilled cheese, which was great, along with their chicken tortilla soup. It cost me $3.10.I had a huge (generous portion) of 2% milk for $1.75 and a cup of coffee, which I heard was some pretty great coffee. I liked it, yes, but I wouldn't rave that it was the best ever. My colleagues loved this place. They said they can't wait to come back. Good! I was able to talk to the owner about Yelp and how we all heard of this place. I'm glad I was able to do a lunch search in the area of Eba Cafe. This place is the perfect lunch spot, followed by a quick drive over for boba tea afterwards. They serve breakfast all day. The prices are reasonable. And, like I said, it's super friendly. So, what are you waiting for? Go!
4	Dropped in for breakfast at around 8:45 and the place was empty.  Good for me, bad for them I suppose.  When you walk in the the first thing you are struck by is how unlike the inside is the to the outside.  From the outside Morning Star looks like any old breakfast/lunch shack jammed into an industrial park mainly to cater to the employees of the various surrounding businesses, but the inside actually reminds me of an old time breakfast joint replete with funny old time signs strewn about declaring how wonderful their fresh brewed coffee is.I ordered the Italian omelet with an iced tea.  The first thing to point out is that Morning Star does not accept credit or debit cards.  They do, however, have an ATM conveniently located next to the register.  Luckily I had cash so this wasn't an issue, but I can imagine that first timers who hold up the line during the lunch rush could be on the wrong end of some dirty looks.  The omelet was fantastic, it was absolutely bursting with with tomatoes, marinara sauce, cheese, and Italian spices.  The wheat toast was thick sliced and the bread was made that morning, though not on site.The owners, a married couple, were extremely pleasant to chat with and while I write this I regret not learning their names.Overall I have to say that I'm sold on this place.  If I wasn't moving out of state in the next few weeks this would definitely be my short-drive breakfast place of choice.
5	I don't make it here as much as I would like too. They have the best Turrkey Club sandwich. My mouth is watering right now just thinking of it. The owners can't be beat. They are the nicest people. They remember me everytime I come in. Since I am not there that often it is good to feel welcome. I recommend the Morning Star Cafe to everyone.
5	The food is outstanding. Recommend the Reuben, Tuna or BLT for lunch and just about anything with their coffee for breakfast.
5	Wonderful service, great cup of coffee.  Family owned small business.
5	Love this place. Been here several times and never had something I didn't love. Anything for breakfast is great, but their breakfast sandwiches and coffee are incredible. For lunch, get the Reuben or the special.One of the best breakfast places around, the coffee is SPECTACULAR and their egg sandwiches are to die for. There is nothing else in the area that rivals their food.
5	We were traveling in the Tempe area and instead of paying $20 for a breakfast buffet at our hotel, we decided to check this place out.  We were VERY glad that we did.  The food was great, affordable, and the owners were wonderful to visit with.  I would definitely recommend this place!
5	This has got to be the best kept secret in Tempe, Total Gem!!!  Great folks, serving great food.  I had a great omelet (spinach and swiss) awesome cup of joe (in a real cup) and absolute killer (just made fresh) Muffin.
1	The food is actually pretty decent but the customer server is nil
5	We were on our last day of our vacation and looking for a last meal before heading to the airport. I checked yelp for restaurants that were currently open nearby and thankfully discovered the Morning Star Cafe. It is in a mostly industrial location that you would never just "stumble upon".  We walked in to a very cute cafe and were immediately greeted by the owner, offered coffee and given a menu. It was about 10 am, but neither one of us really wanted breakfast and asked if we could get one of the sandwiches offered. No problem at all, order anything you want! So, I ordered a turkey on rye, my husband got a muffaletta. While we were waiting, the owner chatted us up a bit, asked a few questions, discovered that we were from out of town. She told us about her favorite places in AZ and even brought over some of her favorite magazines outlining things to do in the area (we are already planning our next trip back!). Very friendly! I can't even comprehend the complaints about the service being nil. There were a couple of other tables and each was treated with the same warm service that we were.Our food came, and it was delicious. It is kind of hard to make something fantastic out of the common turkey sandwich, but they pull it off. The bread is about an inch thick, perfectly fresh and soft (delivered nightly by a company just a couple buildings down as told to us by the owner), lots of fresh veggies are offered with the turkey (to order, of course). My husband's muffaletta was perfect. Just the right about of olive salad. The coffee was fantastic too (as others have mentioned). As we were paying our bill (which was very reasonable), the owner gave us a little bag with a couple of their fresh muffins to enjoy on the plane since she knew we were headed out! One blueberry and one cinnamon, they were a perfect mid-flight snack. So, I would hands down recommend Morning Star Cafe. This is the sort of place that I would visit on the regular if I lived locally. I am sure that I would be greeted by name and be handed a warm cup of coffee as I came in the door, it is that type of place. I love the fact that it is family owned, they have a guest book which starts with an entry detailing that this cafe has been a long time dream of theirs and describing all of the work putting the place together.  The cute decor was done by their friends and family, rewarded by home cooked meals . There is an obvious pride and love for their work that is often missing from your typical corporate chain that is so common in the Phoenix area (and any other city for that matter). If you are in the area, plug the address into your GPS and stop by, you won't regret it!
5	MUST GO!!  Ok, where do I start.  Today was our first visit to the Morning Star Cafe but it won't be our last!  The quality, freshness, and flavor of the ingredients makes this restaurant get it's 5 star rating!  The homemade cheese danishes are the best ones we've ever had!  We each had a variation on eggs and bacon for our breakfast.  My husband had a 2 egg breakfast, I had an egg, cheese and bacon breakfast sandwich, and my sister-in-law had an egg and cheese wrap.  The eggs were cooked perfectly in all 3 variations.  The sourdough bread was delicous.  The roll on the breakfast sandwich ......  YUM.  My sister-in-law was raving about the salsa that came with her breakfast wrap.  We are very excited to go back and try their lunch menu now.  (although I'm going to be craving those cheese danishes for a while!!).  Mouthwatering!!!The last two things worth mentioning are the exceptional service and warm atmosphere.  The husband and wife owners both talked to us and made us feel so welcome.  We're new to the area and they gave us some great information.  It was like we were talking to friends we'd known for a while!  It really made the meal special.Thank you, Morning Star Cafe for doing what you do, the way you do it!!  See you for lunch VERY soon!
4	This place has great coffee. We actually bought some to take home. The food was good and we could order anything off the menu (except soup that was not ready until 11:30am). I ordered the Ruben and it was delicious. The cheese and bread really made it stand out. The Monte Cristo was good too. The owner brought us a sample of the soup when it was ready. It was spicy and definitely homemade. This place is a little difficult to find but worth the search... I suggest bringing cash, but they do have an ATM if needed....
4	Food is good, if not great.  The owners are very friendly.  Portion sizes are large.  They were very accommodating of our children.
4	Looked up some breakfast places in Tempe, surprisingly there are not that many. This little Cafe is so charming you would never think it rest in the industrial park. Walked in and immediately greeted by the owner with a huge smile! The menu has a variation of creative dishes as well as common favorites. The owner suggested a white tea with my breakfast sandwich and I was sold. The wait was not long at all and the food was served within a few minutes. I had the breakfast sandwich and it was a good helping of food. My friend got an omlete and it looked delicious as well. Overall great experience and a great way to start the day!
4	If you are a driver for Safeway, you already know about this place. Otherwise, unless you bike to AZ Mills Mall or REI regularly, you will probably NEVER see this place. Without Google maps you'd never find it, with Google maps you might have a little trouble. Hell, I lived in Tempe for over a decade and did regularly bike to REI and AZ Mills, I never saw it!This little cafe on the north side of Alameda is just east of Priest drive on the north side of the street, across from the Safeway distribution center. There are a lot of trucks around so if you are riding a bike, be careful!Once you find it in the unremarkable office park that it is part of (look for the tables and wind mills) park in one of  the ample spots. There is a menu above the counter but the better menu is the one on the counter. It tells you what is in the awesome sandwiches. Or just get the special. The specials are excellent. They also make a seriously good breakfast and have some great coffee, pies, pastries...etc. Their food is just good, it comes from a kitchen that cares about making food!
5	Peggy & Peter are wonderful! Great quality, great tasting & great service. Always enjoy eating at Morning Star.
5	I was really craving a tuna melt, hadn't had one in a long time, and we found this place recommended for that. WOW, it was awesome!  It was by far the best tuna melt I've ever had.  Great little place that is off the beaten path in an industrial area, not easy to find, but well worth the trip. I can't stop thinking about how good that sandwich was!  It's like going to your grandma's house and having her make you a really really good sandwich using Texas toast style sourdough, buttery toasted, and fresh tuna salad. Nothing like anything I've had before at a restaurant!  Loved it that much!  We will go back soon for sure to try their breakfast and infamous coffee.
5	We were on the hunt for some lunch... My lovely wife says that she wants a tuna melt. I punch it into Yelp and Morning Star Cafe' pops up number one.I really have only one thing to say about this place...BEST F'N'TUNA MELT I HAVE EVER HAD!That is all.
4	I've been working 1 mile east on Alameda for 6 years and only found this place a few months ago (a brochure @ Gene's Auto Worx guided me).My wife and I try to go once a week for breakfast, which is usually filling enough for breakfast and lunch. The breakfast sandwiches are very hearty! Multiple bread options, and all are fresh daily.The coffee is good and served in mugs.  There are also some tasty muffins to choose from.Only negative to say is that they are not open on weekends (makes sense, based on location), and that you have to pull cash from an ATM if you do not carry cash with you.
5	This place is great!!Tucked away in Tempe, I actually found this place w/ the Yelp app on my phone. My boyfriend and I went here for breakfast and LOVED it!The place is quaint... the food is EXCELLENT. BEST. COFFEE. EVER. We drink it black, so we are partial to good coffee :)We got a chance to speak to the owners, and they were as nice as can be! Helpful and made our breakfast very pleasant. All in all - Above expectations. We have already begun recommending it to guests at the hotel we work at. And we will be back.
5	The coffee is AMAZING! In my humble opinion, that is not an overstatement by any means! Now that I got that got of the way, on with my full review!  My husband works nearby and always talked about this place, but I hadn't had the pleasure until recently. The moment you walk in the door you are greeted by the warm smells of yummy food and fantastic coffee! After searching the menu I decided on a Monte Cristo. Best one I've had! No, seriously, best ever! My husband had the French toast, which he devoured before I could get a bite! He assures me that it was above par. The owners make you feel so welcome, It's like you're family the minute you cross the threshold. I love, love, love this place and you will too! Now, I think I need to stop by for a visit today. All this talk of Morning Star has my mouth watering!
1	The owner may claim to be simply 'politically incorrect' however that is a statement that I have heard from many a racist before. Its the same as saying, "I'm not a racist, I just believe in genetic purity." I was unhappy to be at the receiving end of a rant that wandered from how he threw his wife's food out because she'd put salt on it. Which apparently offended him as a chef...or something. In my opinion that is abusive, controlling, misogynist behavior that is reprehensible. It at least points to an inability to communicate and a sharp need to be correct, perhaps a dangerous need.Furthermore, his referencing 'Lousy-anna' referring to Lousiana, the Shreveport area if I remember correct, became tiresome immediately. He called the population of the area he used to live, please forgive me, niggers! His claim that he was referencing the white and black population fell short when he told a story of catching a young black child he caught stealing. He apparently asked the child why he was stealing and was offended that the answer as that "You whites have been stealing from us for years."  I had to leave to get to work, I would have left just as quickly had I not had to be at work 5 minutes later. My only regret was that I had to leave my poor girlfriend there...Sir, if you wish to be a racist (excuse me: Politically Incorrect) you can do it without my dollars lining your pocket. I am sad to no longer have a place on my way to work that I could stop to grab a bite. I am truly discomfited riding my bike past the cafe and seeing that you are still in business. If you like your breakfast with a side of racism and misogyny, eat here. If you are a Russell Pearce, Joe Arpaio, or SB1070 supporter, here is your place. If you feel that people should not be judged, eat somewhere else. Somewhere that doesn't just dress up in bible verse, perhaps somewhere that embraces christian values, not just trite statements everywhere you look.
5	Amazing breakfast meeting place! Food and atmosphere are very comforting. A bunch of us guys meet every Friday morning at 6:00 am, join us.
5	Grilled turkey club is one of the best in the valley! Service excellent, as well.
4	The food was good and prepared with care. The atmosphere was a little odd and while I didn't see any of the behavior talked about in other comments, it did seem like the owner would offer his opinion on anything if you wanted to listen, we didn't so it wasn't a problem. Coffee was great, my wife and I will be back.
4	Best cream of Mushroom soup. Ever. All the soups are homemade and everyday it's a different soup! Mmmm
3	Good little spot in an interesting location.  Sort of a business park/industrial area and it's tucked away.  They seem to have a good local following. I had the half soup/sandwich but no coffee this time.  Based on other coffee review comments, I'm going to have to stop by for a cappucino.Good prices, GREAT soup (chicken corn chowder).
5	Great service, owners make you feel like family. Good coffee, great food (get the monte Cristo!!) and great company. Can't go wrong.
4	This quaint restaurant is located in an industrial park.  It is a little hard to find but worth your search.  I had the two egg breakfast with wheat toast and sausage.  The wheat bread is homemade and sliced thick. It was absolutely delicious. The owners were very friendly and greeted everyone with a smile as they walked through the door.  The only drawback to this place is they only take cash but they have an ATM on-site.  I will definitely be back when I return to the area.
2	I came here for breakfast after reading good things and ended up driving to the other side of Tempe to try it out one morning before class.  I ordered the Monte Cristo with a side of bacon.The food is probably closer to 3.5-4 stars.  The Monte Cristo was actually really, really good - probably one of the best I've ever had.  It was perfectly sweet and just a bit savory and very fresh.  The bacon was good too, though just a hair under how I like mine cooked.They brag about having some of the best coffee in town.  Nope.  It's crap.  I mean, we're not talking about drive-thru coffee, but it's at best standard diner coffee.  Two stars on the Joe.Prices were average.The ambiance, at least for me, is a one star.  Maybe 1.5 if I'm feeling generous.  I can't decide if it felt like I was eating at an old lady's house or a church waiting room.  The place is Jesused-out.  I'm not religious, but I don't really mind religion either - I just don't like sitting down to Coffee with Christ.  The whole meal felt like it was served in the green room for the 700 Club.  I guess that shouldn't have surprised me since the restaurant's website links to RBC Ministries.  The whole thing was just way too overbearing to be cozy at all.  Even my super-religious friends would probably wonder where the restaurant was.  Between that and the constant interruptions from the staff, my working breakfast was thoroughly thwarted.Basically, really good food, meh-to-blah coffee, and a very uncomfortable dining room.
4	One of the things Boyfriend and I try to do when we're on vacation is to find local restaurants to try out. I mean, what's the point of hitting up a chain restaurant we could easily find in our own town when there are usually awesome places to explore and local economies to support? We usually start by using Yelp to find places nearby that have good ratings, and this one came up first on the list.We had some trouble finding the restaurant, which was really more down to Boyfriend's mistyping of the address into his GPS than the location of the building. It is in a bit of a strange place for a cafe, tucked in a fairly industrial neighborhood with very little other commercial property around, but I'm sure they make good money from the officefolk coming in for lunch breaks. Not a bad strategy, really.All the non-vegetarians (meaning the three people there who weren't me) ordered Monte Cristos. If a restaurant serves one of those, you can pretty much bank on Boyfriend trying it at least once. I ordered an egg sandwich, myself, and when the owner heard I was a vegetarian he offered to add some extra vegetables to the sandwich so it wouldn't be boring.The Montes were a big hit with everyone else, and based on the other reviews here, I'd say ordering one is a pretty safe bet. My egg sandwich was also delicious, and more than filling enough for breakfast. We liked the place so much that we came back two days later.Two more Monte Cristos made their way into the bellies of my cohorts, including Boyfriend again. My sister's husband got a breakfast burrito, and I opted for a plate of French toast. When they say the French toast is big, they MEAN it. Three huge slices of Texas toast, dipped in batter and fried to golden perfection. It makes my mouth water just thinking about it. Again, everyone was pleased with their meals.I was the only person who had coffee while we were there, and while I don't necessarily agree with the people who rave about it being the best in town, it was definitely not bad. I ordered it both days, which I wouldn't have done if I'd hated it.As for the atmosphere, it's definitely a little more Team Jesus than I'd like. I'm not a huge fan of people using their businesses to promote their spiritual beliefs, no matter what religious text they choose to read, so being surrounded by Bible verses and crosses was a little bit uncomfortable for me. However, the good food balanced that out, and the owners were both super friendly and talkative, engaging us in conversation the first day and welcoming us warmly the second day. For good, veg-friendly food and nice people, I could probably put up with just about any decor.
1	Watered down milk... nasty pancakes, and way over prized. It was not like this 5 years ago though,  makes me sad.
5	great food great service enough said .
5	Stopped in after reading some reviews and am i glad we did.  Monte Cristo was delish! Very nice proprietors, place was clean and prices were great!
5	Love this place. I stick to the specials on the board... U can't go wrong.Never tried the coffee because I am too much of a coffee snob and rarely do I enjoy a coffee outside of my own kitchen. As for the sandwiches, they do it right. Homemade bread all around. Top picks: patty melt,  ruben, monte cristo, chicken w/ green chilies.
5	Nice quaint local place. Feel like we were visiting family and being served from there kitchen. Had the veggie omelette added spinach and zucchini. Very fresh veggies and local fresh baked toast served with it.
4	Yelp brought me to this place when I was looking for a locally owned breakfast joint.  It did not disappoint, and I have turned into a repeat customer every since.  The owners are always so friendly and willing to chat if it is slow.  Favorites: Coffee is brewed slightly sweet and is a great price!  BLT tastes better than I could make at home, big plus that the bacon is amazing and cooked correctly!  I will definitely return here many more times!
4	This place is a hidden gem.   From its baked goods to their filling sandwiches you cant go wrong.
5	The best Texas Toast Grilled Cheese sandwich!!!!
4	we don't go out to restaurants to get a spiritual experience. in fact, we don't go anywhere for that. so when we go see our (crazy) mormon friends at the morning star cafe (which we refer to as 'mormon star cafe'), it isn't to discuss jesus, or the gospels (we make jokes about the 'wall of scripture').  i read the review previous that mentioned that these people may be racist, but actually it didn't go very far in proving that (just because someone uses a derogatory name for a group of people doesn't prove it. but it does make it seem more likely....hah!).  in any event, the food is fantastic. they just take such special care with every aspect of the food preperation and service that only a fool would not return. do NOT miss out on the freshly baked wheat bread! that mormon baker is some kind of genius!! decent pricing for the quality of food as well. this little cafe is an absolute gem, and we have made it a regular thing. if the owners happen to believe in the single most ridiculous religion ever made up, well....so be it.
5	I love this little place. The food is always delicious and the portions are huge! The service is always prompt and ultra friendly. Their bread is fantastic, definately some of the best I've ever had. I will keep coming back to this place, over and over again.
5	Really a nice menu and good food, a true ma and pa place. They run the counter and the Grill
4	I love places that serve breakfast all day!
4	The staff is so very friendly.They will even customize your order if your calorie counting. The muffins are great as the cookies are! Down home cooking to the max. I have had the monte cristo which was good,just a bit much for my system. I hear the Reuben is really good. Next time.Bring cash as cards are only accepted in the ATM in the cafe.
5	This was my first time at the Morning Star Cafe, a friend told me about it or I might not have discovered this hidden slice of heaven  that serves breakfast, lunch and homemade desserts located in an unlikely area tucked in between business offices in Tempe. We both ordered the Tuesday special, the Turkey Relleno sandwich, made with their fresh sourdough bread, tasty turkey and melted cheese! It was not just the best Turkey sandwich but the best sandwich I ever had! The bread was so good she placed an order for pick up on Friday for 2 loaves to share and enjoy over the weekend. We also ordered their fresh baked oatmeal apple square to split but  both of us were so full from our sandwiches that it had to wait. Lucky for me I took it back to the office and later, yes I ate the whole gosh dang thing myself. The owner brought our food to the table and it was obvious that he valued good service as much a the greatness of the food he served. I took a menu with me and on Friday called to order a Chicken Chili sandwich to go,  which did not disappoint! I have already made plans to go again with a coworker next week, if I can wait that long, their 5 cheese grilled sandwhich is calling my name! The only down side is that they're only open Monday through Friday 6am until 3pm, but I'm hoping to make it for breakfast and coffee soon. If you're in the area or even if your not it's worth the drive and a definite must try, again and again and again.PS Bring cash, they don't take cards but they do have an ATM machine inside to accomodate you in case you forget.
4	I just tried this place today after scoping it out on yelp and seeing all of the good reviews.  Morning star is actually just down the street from my house, so it is incredibly convenient to get to and easy to find.  The place wasn't PACKED but certainly had a good amount of customers coming in and out; a good sign that this place is know for good lunch time fare.  I decided on the green chili chicken sandwich and boy was I not disappointed.  If you love green chilies like I do, this is your dish!  Just the right amount of spiciness, certainly not overwhelming.  The quality of ingredients were high, fresh bread and juicy chicken.  Best of all, the prices are really reasonable!  I believe I met the owner and found him to be really sincere and excited about his business.  I loved the mom and pops feel of this place, and I can't wait to come back and try out breakfast sometime.  My only "dislike" was the coffee; it wasn't bad by any means, but it certainly was nothing exceptional.  It was really nice for the owner to give me a free cup so that I could try it out.  This place just gave me a good feeling all around.  It's a place I'm happy to support.
5	Good homemade soup and sandwhiches and a perfect amount of food for the price. Very welcoming and comforting as a first time customer. Would eat here again.
5	I love this place. I've been there several times and the food/service is always awesome. The bread they serve is the best I've ever tasted, the portions are huge considering their modest pricing, and the couple that runs it are always pleasant. They obviously take pride in what they do, and rightfully so. They're my favorite breakfast/ brunch spot.
2	First, the service was great and secondly I Like My eggs over medium & most places still bring them out over easy, not here they were cooked perfectly and the toast is made with homemade bread daily and it was outstanding. Now for the bad news, NO HASH BROWNS......They said they don't have time to cook them because they primarily service a business community where customers need to come and go quickly, interesting to me especially since there appeared to be some sort of a mens group 6 or so guys meeting there maybe a bible study and the cook (I'm assuming the owner) even came out and sat at their table for a few minutes between customers and other patrons didn't seem to be in any more of a hurry than your typical american, therefore I call BS on their no hash brown excuse. The ham they serve is of the very thin sliced variety like you would get on a sandwich, not the kind of ham you usually get when ordered at breakfast. Finally with the large milk I ordered (very good and cold by the way) my bill was almost $9.00 & for that I got to use the cheapest plastic utensils money can buy and of course the fork broke while cutting my eggs, if your going to use plastic utensils at least get a medium grade please!  Personally there are much better options in Tempe.
4	The owners are super friendly, food is great, and the homemade muffins are addicting (and I usually don't really like muffins haha).  I've been coming here for years.  Bring cash as cards are only accepted in the ATM in the cafe.
5	Amazing breakfast!! The omelet was delicious and it was the best bacon I have ever had! The coffee was better then Starbucks!! I would come back and I would recommend it to friends!
5	First time in and it's all thanks to YELP reviewers. The friendly mom and pop shop has been here for 10 years. We tried the green chili chicken soup, which had a great spicy kick to it. I had a veggie omelette and asked for tomatoes and cheddar cheese added to it. Got to choose a side of white, wheat, or sourdough toast (usually not a big toast fan ill have maybe 1-2 slices) but this, I had 3 of 4 since the bread was just TOO good! The omelette tasted completely homemade- none of that fake eggs subway uses. The Cheese steak sandwich is also one to try! Friendly service, great big portions, fresh bread, and not bad prices, definitely need to go again!
5	Awesome omelets, made to order, all day long. We shared a veggie, and the ingredients were fresh, home cooked, tasty, and probably organic. Coffee was piping hot and sported that dark and deep roasted ambiance which perfectly complemented the omelet. And all for under $10!
4	The first thing you need to know is that this is a "place your order and sit down" cafe. Second thing to know is that everyone is very friendly here and wants to make sure you enjoy your food. I had the 2 egg breakfast with bacon and wheat toast. Everything was cooked perfectly and tasted great! The only strange thing was plastic silverware, but it worked just fine and not a big deal. I wasn't a fan of the coffee, but my wife really enjoyed it and her breakfast as well. I would definitely recommend this place as a casual "off the beaten path" cafe.
5	One of the best omelets I have had in a long time. The Italian was felled with goodness. Owner was really friendly. If you call ahead they will have your order ready.
5	The BEST! Not only is the food delicious but the family that owns and operates this business are as kind, courteous, and caring as it gets! Good food and loving on people is their thing.
5	We stopped by Morning Star Cafe for a quick lunch.  It is in an unassuming location but the sandwiches are AWESOME!  The sandwiches were big and I got to try the patty melt, tuna melt and Reuben.  They were all super good.
4	Morning Star Cafe is a quaint Mom & Pop sandwich shop that is very close to my place of employment. I only noticed it recently after seeing my fellow Yelp Elite friend Cheryl S. frequenting.  I figured with over 40 check -ins the food must be good. She and I met here for lunch on a Tuesday and had the Tuesday Special which is the turkey rellano, which I enjoyed and will return to have again. This is a gem tucked in a business park area. If you're in Tempe during the weekday lunch hour go check it out it's worth it.
4	Customer service was great. I made it clear it was my first time here and the lady taking my order explained the menu to me. Food was excellent I ordered the Monte Cristo, it was delicious.  The location is a little strange and yelp made it easy to get too.
5	One word... Reuben!  I have tried many, but this is the best ever.  There are many great choices here, though.  The proprietors are awesome.
5	Stopped here on our way back to Phoenix from a short vacation out of town. I was looking for a good sandwich place that was locally owned and a new experience for me and my husband. The yelp reviews led here. I ordered the Monte Cristo and it was as amazing as everyone said it was in the reviews. I will come back for sure to try more off the menu and anytime I have a Monte Cristo craving. The owners were super friendly and you can tell this restaurant is a labor of love.
5	Stopped on our way out to the airport. Cute, unassuming place in an industrial park.  Super friendly, easy, great service, good breakfast.  We'll be back-
5	Best Reuben I've ever had. Not exaggerating. We didn't see the restaurant at first, because of its location, but after we got inside, there was quick service and great food. It's run by some down to earth people, give it a try.
3	I'm always working when this place is open so I was excited to try it on a day I was off.  My sandwich was ok I got a turkey cranberry and the bread was just ok. Not enough meat for my taste, but fresh and flavorful.
5	Excellent monte cristo. And Peter, the owner, greeted me, rang up my order, and while my sandwich cooked he chatted with me at the counter like an old buddy. He told me how all his food is fresh daily and local. And his cook has been with him for 9 years. Quaint little place with great food and great mom-and-pop service.
5	Wow is this just a hidden jem. Back on an industrial street. You wouldn't even know it was there unless you worked in the area but do they have really good sandwiches. Sure I have only been twice and not 70 plus times like some people. Lol. My really good friend Cheryl B, the 70 plus timer, has been raving about this place for a while now but it was just a little too far away from my work to go there for lunch. Now that I have more time I was finally able to give it a try. She was right. It is really good. The Tuesday special is a Turkey Relleno sandwich, my fav so far. It is a cross between a turkey sandwich and a chilli relleno, which I didn't realize at first, but wow it is so good. Just the right amount of spice.The owner, Peter, is either behind the couner or sitting at a table with his wife, who is also part owner, having some of their great food. They are both very nice. The place is not that big. Just a few tables inside and only a couple outside. It is a very nice and clean place. Simple. Nothing too fancy. The food says enough. The prices are very resonable. Especially for how good the food is. Everything was cooked just right and very fresh. Even the bread was amazing. The Patty Melt they have on special on Thursday was also very good. If you are in the area definitely stop by and have a sandwich. My recommendation is to go on a Tuesday. Then go a bunch more after that. Why not finish out the week there. I will definitely be back. I want to try the Monte Cristo sandwich next plus all of the rest. A nice little Mom and Pop breakfast and lunch spot. Give it a try. You will not be disappointed.
5	I am a fan.  Bread is fresh baked.  Breakfast sandwich rocked my socks off.  Small place in industrial area.  Well worth a visit.
4	I ordered the Denver Omelette and my boyfriend ordered the Monte Cristo. My omelette was a little dry but his Monte Cristo served with strawberry jam was delicious! For both meals and a cup of coffee cost about $16, which is very affordable. If I lived in the area I would definitely go back. The staff is super friendly as well.
5	I decided to try this place out because my new job is nearby and the reviews were all positive. I will say you have to keep your eyes peeled because I accidentally drove right past it.I walked in and it's a nice little restaurant with maybe 10 tables at most. I asked the owner what he recommended being that it was my first time there- he was super nice and went through the rundown. I ended up having the special which was Roast Beef and a HUGE iced coffee. The sandwich was amazing- I ate the whole thing in one sitting. If you're looking for a good sandwich and want to try something new try this place - it will not be a let down!
5	Love this place! The owners are always awesome and friendly and the food is always homemade and amazing! Get the stuffed tomato!
5	Used to work right next door and was able to go every morning. Ahhh it was bliss. They have the greatest sandwiches in town. I used to drive across town when I wasn't working to get their monte cristo. Come here if you want to be blown away.
5	I used yelp to find this place and I'm glad I did. We went here for breakfast and it was a great experience for my entire family. We all loved the food, I had the Monte Christo, wife had the scrambled egg sandwich, son had French toast, and daughter had eggs and sausage. The coffee was very good, freshly roasted from a place down the street. The coffee is a light breakfast blend, so don't criticize it if you are expecting burnt Starbucks (like some reviews). All the bread is also made nearby. Everything tasted very fresh and was prepared very well. The restaurant had a very homey feel to it. The owners took the orders, prepared the food, interacted with us and even gave us some ideas on what to do during our vacation. I highly recommend this place.
4	A bunch of folks I know really like this place.  Only being open M-F it is not someplace I could normally get to.  Last week I had a free day on my vacation and drove over. Glad I did!  The place was hopping about 11 with the early lunch crowd.  It was clear most of the customers were regulars as they were being addressed by name.  I had the grilled cheese on sourdough and a cup of cream of broccoli soup. At first I thought there was something wrong with the soup until I realized it was not loaded with salt and the main taste was the broccoli, what a concept! It is really a nice friendly place with great food.
5	Prepare to have your taste buds delighted and comforted by a menu made with love and service inspired to please you and your family. Right as we entered the owner greeted us with a smile and the kind suggestion of a few entrees which sounded amazing. The Monte Cristo and chorizo and green chili wrap were delicious.  The Monte Cristo was wonderful, grilled to maintain a even balance of crisp egg and bread along with fresh melted cheese and ham. So soft and delicious to the last bite.  I would strongly recommend this place because of it's loving environment and heathy options made with high quality ingredients.
5	Ordered a sausage and provolone of omelette and it was absolutely incredible my wife had muffeletta and I had to have a bite and that was amazing as well incredibly nice and excellent customer service from the staff def coming back to try everything so happy we found this place hidden gem for sure
5	This is a hidden gem in Tempe. We've been there 3 times since discovering it yesterday and have tried breakfast, lunch, and dessert items- you can't go wrong with anything here! I especially loved the monte cristo, sweet hot Italian sandwich, the Reuben, and the cherry turnover! And great hospitality to top it all off!!
5	Absolutely amazing little hole in the wall. Their bread is fresh baked and amazing. I had the cheesesteak and it was extremely fresh and piping hot. Prices are reasonable. Will definitely come back!
3	Strange little place... Bible quotes painted on the walls, pictures of Jesus hanging, and religious music playing. You'll definitely get your dose of scripture if you can find this tiny spot tucked in the middle of a very industrial area. I was traveling for business, needing to escape my hotel, and limited on time - so didn't have many options.I didn't like... that my table was dirty (as were a couple others) in a nearly empty restaurant. As I sat, the place filled up a bit: prompting the owner/ employee sitting next to me to get up from his breakfast and help out (but not wash his hands first). Also... No fruit/ potato/ grit side options.I did like... that my food came out quickly, the wrap I ordered was big and tasty. The coffee was hot and strong. It's also an independently owned, little mom and pop shop. I dig that.
5	I've been here for breakfast and lunch. Had the monte cristo for breakfast... It's huge!  Strawberry jam compliments the sandwich nicely! Ordered the turkey rellano for lunch.. All I can say is wow!!!! So delicious. Perfect combo of turkey, chillies, mayo and cheese. You have to try this sandwich!
4	Tuesdays are the best day! Grilled turkey chili relleno sandwich....MmmMmm!! Quaint little restaurant off the beaten path but not a secret during lunch hour. Call your order in ahead of time to be the lunch rush!
4	Good homemade food. Nothing processed or out of a box. Limited seating and not the best A/C, but still decent. Prices are good too. Great twist on the standard Monte christo sandwich.
5	My wife and I stumbled across this place and we are so happy we did.  Everything is amazing! I try something new every time and have yet to let down.  I almost avoid telling people about this place because I never want to have to wait in a line for all the great food and service.
5	I was surprised to find such a place in the industrial district, but it was a lucky choice.  The veggie omelette was large and scrumptious, and the coffee top-notch.  The owners really make this place stand out, though. A very pleasant visit overall.
5	Just what you want for breakfast Home baking especially the brownies. Loved the sausage provolone wrap
5	Their bread is baked fresh daily!! YUM! Their sandwiches are huge, so I'm glad they serve halves. The tuna melt on Rye (with Swiss substitued for cheddar) is amazing and delicious! Very small place, but definitely worth it. They are super friendly too!
4	Had the Turkey sandwich with green chile.  Really friendly family and the sandwich was excellent!  Great family place to stop!!
5	Great service, such nice welcoming people. I had breakfast here and would love if they got a better syrup. The have that regular very thin semi sweet syrup and my plate would have been amazing if I had some aunt jemima or something. Would definitely go back! Wish this place was in California!
5	Wonderful place to stop.  Stayed at the DoubleTree and walked down.  Their coffee is local and delicious.  The bread fresh and soft.  The couple running it very kind and inviting.  Very pleased with discovering this local shop.
5	Located in the industrial part of Tempe, you can't find a better spot for breakfast. Nothing fancy but great service and great food. The sourdough toast was amazing. Don't let the location or small size of the restaurant fool you. This is great local restaurant.
5	Coffee is the best!! Also, for lunch, the green chili sandwich. Ive been coming here for a few years now and have no complaints. My favorite morning spot.
5	Greeted with a smile and great service. Food was delicious and authentic. Got the Italian Sandwich and Soup of the day. Both solid choices, filling and fresh. Would definitely recommend to a friend!
5	Well deserved 4 1/2 star rating., I give it a 5. Truly a mom & pop business,, operated by a husband and wife. The service is excellent, my veggie omelet was loaded with veggies & cooked perfectly and reasonably priced. The regular coffee is great and they also have expresso, etc. The menu isn't fancy,  just  basic, simple breakfast & lunch fare.  I served 2 of their fresh baked pies for Thanksgiving and it was unanimous among 10 people that they were outstanding.This place is off the beaten path in Tempe's  industrial area but well worth seeking out. Try it, you'll like it.
5	Great little place to get a bite to eat...... Very friendly people! Great food! Pastries fresh and awesome.... A little hard to find but worth it. Could see the sign so look good. But other than that I was very happy with my experience,....
5	The coffee is the best. The owner and people working are very friendly and helpful. Will be going back for breakfast soon.
3	Good food, but they are not fast at delivering it. They do take their time. The Ruben is good, it is grilled. Southwest chicken is also tasty.
