4	My car died at Primm - on the California/Nevada border, and I had to get it towed to Vegas. The AAA-referral wanted to charge me $350. What!Then the Nevada Department of Transportation Highway Safety guy recommended Custom. Total cost - $175 - HALF of the other guys.The only reason they don't get 5 Stars is because the dispatcher initially sent the driver toward the Utah/Nevada border, so it took 2+ hours for the truck to get to me. But Robero delivered excellent service once he arrived. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
1	I really wish I could give these crooks less stars. This place is awful, just like most other towing companies in Las Vegas, they have quite a racket going. I was involved in a single car accident on the freeway, my truck was not drivable. The police DID NOT give me an option of finding my own tow company (I had free roadside towing) and called these criminals to tow my truck. So my truck was towed to their yard at an outrageous rate, $280 for an 8 mile tow. It was over a holiday and I was gone for a few days. I go to pick up my truck upon returning to town and this is where the real assraping begins. I am charged an an additional $200 in bullshit fees. I was told there was a $100 title search fee so that they may notify the legal owners before the rates get outrageous. Haha what a joke. I wonder what they consider outrageous charges to be! I did a little research and found out a title search can be done quite cheap. So I go to the office to try and square this away. I walk in and shocker they are all derelicts working there. The rudest woman I have probably ever met in my life tells me that with all the charges and storage fees my grand total for my UNREQUESTED tow was $865! If there hadn't been bars on the counter I probably would have tried to fight this woman. So since I am totally at their mercy and I need my truck I try to pay with my credit card. Oh wait, can't do that. They only take cash. Wonder why that is? Then the clock rolls over on another days storage charge as I am standing there and I am hit with another $45 a day fee. I am now into it about $900. This place is owned and operated by total crooks. I will back up anything I am saying with facts. I walked away feeling like I should either call the cops or go back and defend myself because I felt like I had just been effing robbed. Seriously, DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!! Somehow they are legally allowed to steal from people. I feel bad for the people who can't come up with $900 cash to get their vehicles back and end up losing them to these thieves. I don't know how this is legal. I never wanted my vehicle towed, I never wanted this company to tow it, I was never informed of any pricing, nothing. I have a pending complaint with the Nevada Transportation Board. These people and other tow companies that do business this way are basically extorting people.
1	Worst customer service been waiting for 1.5 hours to get my car out of the lot 3 drivers and no one is able to pull my car out of the tow yard. Been told 15 min 45 min ago. The worst experience of my life!!!! The man didn't even have change.... And wasn't even positive he gave me the right number. Don't even have waiting chair to sit in! I'm sitting on kitty litter bags for a seat!
1	This place is horrible. Waiting for 2 hrs and the clock is still ticking. The older gentleman behind the desk has no clue. Just stares at the camera and does nothing. Has no driver available. A grave plot right outside the place. Feels like sort of bad horror movie around here. You would think after $370 they'd be a little quicker
4	Returned to get my car from the Venetian parking garage to discover that there was a major coolant leak and it couldn't be driven.My dealer recommended Custom Towing so I called them.  They worked with me by phone to retrieve the vehicle and take to the dealer for repair.  Everything went smoothly. $55 seemed reasonable to me.
