1	I made an appointment with Ron for $106 around 2:30 for a 45' transmission oil change @ 3:30 I also called again for directions & Joey confirmed.When I got there Ron lied & said he did not agree to do it even though there was an empty lift.  ****Brake Masters 3540 Tropicana NV 89121 did it for ******* $17 less.
1	Worst place ever... After receiving a new transmission that took a week to do..  Had to come back because it wasnt done..  Left it for 2 more days..  Still not done..  Missed work twice because no car..  Have been calling every couple hours and they still say its almost done..  Wouldve liked a courtesy call just once to know whats going on with my car especially since i already knew what needed to be done...  They lag, are not courteous, dont seem to know what theyre doing...  Waste time and money going here... Turn away
5	I cannot believe these guys fixed my car!First some history. My check engine light has been on for over a year. NOONE has been able to get to the bottom of it. First guy I went to told me there was no way to know what that diagnostic code meant, and the best thing to do would be to just drive it until it dies. Then he can fix whatever it was. Insane. The second place, Ted Wiens Firestone on Boulder, did 5 different sets of diagnostics, replaced a couple things, never knew what the cause of the code was, and by the time I'd drive my car to the end of the block, the check engine light would come back on EVERY TIME. I thought I was going to have to buy a new car this week, which I REALLY, REALLY didn't want to do. My car has progressively been running worse and worse, and by last week was actually dangerous to drive.Last Monday I called Aamco. They picked up my car from work. They tested things, replaced a couple things, tested more, called specialists, tried things, talked to me about what I'd replaced in the past year, did test drives to see what result their changes made, etc. This went on every day. They were absolutely determined to solve the mystery of my poorly-running car. This morning they called me and told me they'd done it! They picked me up at home and took me to the office, and seriously my car is GOOD AS NEW.I don't know what's up with that 1 star review by Patrick C., but Aamco seriously saved me. Yeah I was out of a car for almost a week, but I don't have to buy a new car now, do I? And the price...omg! Free tow, free diagnostics, and a price that seems ridiculously low for all the work they did, and all the headaches they've solved for me. I'm never giving my car to anyone else. EVER.Now I think I'll go give some 1 star reviews to all the d-bags who told me nothing could be done.
5	These guys are amazing! I called them Monday on the bus because my car had an electrical issue. The radiator and battery both worked but for some off reason my car would drain the battery. They worked out a deal with me because money is tight and 85$ and hour seemed steep. Thinking of having to finance a loan to pay for a repair (assuming the price would be well over 500$+) the mechanic told me not to worry and they'll come tow my car for free and call me once its fixed. Being very persistent, I called them once more seeing how long it has taken them thus far to keep up with the hourly. Finally I get a call and am eager to hear the price.  The guy tells me 45$, my freaking mind exploded! This is the cheapest repair ever. Most places charge 45$ just for the diagnostics. These guys found a fuse able short in the wiring and fixed it. And also informed me on the fan module that needs to be replaced cheap. Expecting to pay past 500$ for repairs to find out its under a hundred made my day. I highly recommend these guys, don't even think about it just call them.
1	HORRIBLE... had my transmission rebuilt here and nothing but problems with car, loss of 5th gear, trans blew up a month later and now it sounds like a band saw when i get to 3000 rpm, for a shop that specializes in transmission you sure do have a lot of issues making TRANSMISSIONS work, and when i would drive by my car would be sitting out back and id call them and they are "working" on it, do not go here...
2	They had to take my transmission apart for a shifting issue. 1. 5 weeks later my check engine light is on and the battery won't hold a charge.  Nobody is answering the phone.  I don't want to buy a brand new battery if it's an engine issue.  I had no other issues before I brought it in.
3	Since our initial experience, we have had to take the vehicle back a few times because the AT & Engine light kept coming on, the 3rd time around the shift issue changed from gears 3/4 to 2/3. They DO hold to their repair warranty, they have not charged a cent for each time we have brought it back and they are very polite. This afternoon they called us to tell us that they couldn't figure out what was wrong so they were ordering a new transmission (on them) and it would be here Tuesday. They did seem confident that the car was safe to drive around town, so they let us take it back while they are waiting on the trans. to ship. I have to say KUDOS for doing their best to make it right. Hopefully the new transmission takes care of things for now :)
5	This was my 3rd Transmission Repair quote!  By far the lowest, the fastest, and the service by all I encountered was absolutely A-1 top notch!  I was stranded Traveling from California to Colorado, and towed back to Vegas to family from Utah.  I talked w Steve and he assured me of price and rebuild warranty!  I am happy to say as i traveled over Vail Pass my transmiision had no problems!  Very very happy to be home!  Thank you Steve and my family thanks you!
5	Love this place... Steve and Russ are the best saved us from a terrible experience we had first elsewhere. They helped us the right and honest way!
