3	Hungry for some good Corned Beef, I whipped in here today for lunch.  This is a smallish place, not fancy but comfortable, & I didn't see a lunch combination special on the menu, so I asked for one anyway, & here's what I ended up with:A nice bowl (not cup!) of Chicken & Matzah Ball Soup (their spelling) to start things off, & it was delicious!  Then there was my 1/2 Hot Corned Beef on Rye sandwich, neither piled up sky high nor skimpy, but in between, & on plain bread with a bottle of mustard there on the table to add your own.  There was also a small cup overflowing with fresh cole slaw, a tasty Kosher pickle spear, & a slice of cantaloupe.The Corned Beef was lean, tender, & tasty.  Everything else was good too, & it all added up to a nice lunch for the price, $7.95.  My only concern is that I'm not sure I could have ordered anything different from the menu & still kept the cost down.  With that said, I'll go again & hopefully see you there!  ... but not on a Saturday when they're closed.    :-))
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. At Segals, the customer is always wrong. The management and staff are the rudest people I've ever met.
5	First time here. If you're looking for reasonable kosher priced dinner this is the place to go. we started off with soups which were delicious. Had the beef pot stickers surprisingly very good. Also  ordered a pesto chicken pasta, teriyaki salmon came with a delicious baked potato and the hubby ordered a schnitzel. All were good.  , best part was the service, Leah she was fast efficient and friendly. If you go there make sure you ask for her.
2	Only reason why I gave it 2 stars is BC I liked their coleslaw and pickles. Boyfriend and I got the teriyaki chicken wrap and burger. "Teriyaki" was loaded with canned pineapple and a super liquidy  sauced that soaked the wrap and made it soggy. Also strange that it was covered in black sesame seeds. Burger was nothing special, tasted like something I could get at McDonalds. For a place that claims to be very particular about their food they didn't care much about  flavor or presentation. Wouldn't recommend.
