1	Absolutely disgusted with the treatment received at this office. They messed our appointments up SEVERAL times, and didn't even apologize for it. Today was the LAST STRAW.They asked us to come in for a 1PM appointment. They called us and said to come early, so my wife took off work and rushed over. Showed up, and the anesthesiologist said to come back at 1PM instead. So, we had to leave... after taking our daughter out of school and driving all the way over there. When I got home, I got a phone call saying that the anesthesiologist was leaving early which is why there was confusion. So, no 1PM appointment... no early appointment... nothing. We took off work, took them out of school, and they didn't even CARE. They didn't take responsibility for screwing it up.WILL NOT BE GOING BACK TO THIS OFFICE!
1	They can't keep an appointment to save their lives. Why even bother trying to make an appointment if it doesn't actually mean anything??? This is NOT the place to go if you actually want to take care of your children's teeth on a regular basis not to mention if they need any serious work done! You'll have to reschedule SO many times with absolutely no warning or phone call notifying you that your appointment has been canceled. Customer service kills are ZERO.
1	Have had nothing but problems with this place. It's unfortunate, because it's right by my house. However, I won't be going back and I recommend that you steer clear, too!
1	I had been warned about this place but it's close to my house so I took my kids anyway.  Huuuuuge mistake,  as the front office staff forgot to tell me that they changed our appointment.  When we got rescheduled,  we had to wait over an hour to be seen.  So what's the point of making an appointment...? When a place is offering 20 dollar cleanings,  there's a reason they don't have much business. ..
1	Let me start off by saying I never write reviews but felt this place needed to be called out for their dishonesty. My husband and I begin to notice discoloration on our two year old son's four front teeth. After getting a flyer in the mail from this place offering a free exam for children under the age of 2 we set up an appointment to get his teeth checked out. When we went in for our appointment I told the dentist that I breastfed my son at night and was wondering if that could have an effect on his teeth. After looking in my son's mouth for about 40 seconds he said absolutely 100% his teeth were stained because of breastfeeding. He then said me breastfeeding caused cavities to form on his four front teeth and he would need them filled. He said he needed two caps put on his bottom molars as well. He handed us paperwork stating he would need to be put under general anesthesia. It is kind of a blur from there but I remember going up to check out. The lady tried to get us to make the appointment as well as sign the paperwork for the anesthesia. My mind was running wild and I was on the verge of tears. We left there feeling very uneasy and upset. I did not schedule an appointment with them but I did schedule an appointment with another dentist to get a second opinion. This new dentist was a breath of fresh air.  He said my son did NOT need caps on his bottom molars nor did he have cavities on his four front teeth. He did say he had beginning signs of tooth decay on his four front teeth but to continue brushing and flossing and to come back in 6 months to see if there are any changes. He said my son would not need to be put under if dental work needed to be done on his four front teeth in the future. He said he would never put a 2 year old under general anesthesia for fillings.  If anything he would watch them and wait until he was older. He also said the staining could be caused from multiple things but that night time breastfeeding is definitely not be the only cause. I'm so glad I trusted my momma instincts and got a second opinion. I was relieved to hear everything he said but then on the other hand I was fuming just thinking about Dr. Banks telling me my son needed a bunch of dental work he clearly doesn't need. I can't even imagine how many parents have been burned by this place. They are putting children's life on the line to make an extra buck and it's not right. Bottom line, I would not recommend this place to anyone! Oh and to top it off my insurance was billed so the flyer is just a scam to get you in the door.
