4	You can't go wrong with Popeye's.  This is the very first time I had Popeye's chicken.  My uncle took me here for a quick lunch when I went to visit.  I was quite excited since there was no Popeye's at the time in my area.  Yay for Popeye's Chicken... although I don't have it anymore because it's a bit well, greasy.
3	Three stars for the weak service at this Popeyes location. I've been there a handful of times and found them out of spicy chicken on one occasion, out of red beans & rice on another. And these weren't busy or overcrowded days. These are the company's most popular dishes, how can a location be so poorly stocked that they run out of them?Then there was the visit that they ran out of cooked chicken and locked the door until more was made. Seriously. It gave one of the employees some extra time to count biscuits as she made them. Watching her do this, it was apparent she was having trouble with it.If you have a choice, find another Popeyes location. I no longer frequent this one at all.
2	a fast food joint in a gas station. about as dumpy as you can get . had a "b" rating from the health deptdidn't speak hardly any english. looked at me all dumb and then screwed up after taking 20 minutes by leaving out my pies. i called back and everyone played the "no english" cardhot & spicy chicken was good, buscuits are the bomb.(they forgot the butter) (and forgot my pies) red beans & rice is good & spicy. corn sucked-cold and undercooked. better than kfc & churchs but still fast foodchicken was good & hot but service & screwing up my order cost them
2	Poor customer service in Spanish AND English. You just can't legislate or regulate against stupidity. It is hard to manage a franchise operation, I know. But with unemployment hovering at ten percent, I think this Popeye's can do better.The chicken I'm not interested in fueling a brand loyalty debate. It is what it is. Spitefully overpriced, but each to his own as I prefer the flavor of the spicy. But bad customer service in today's economy is UNFORGIVABLE. I'm not talking about someone who can't speak in a language I understand (because they didn't realize it ... but I speak all languages spoken at this particular Popeye's) and I'm not talking about someone having a bad day at the register. I'm talking about shameful, rude, arrogance beyond comparison.No...I will never go back to this ghetto excuse for a Popeye's.  This chain restaurant franchise has earned my "Restaurant Most Deserving of Implosion" award for this year. There is no excuse for the racism displayed by these people, and no excuse for the clowning around behind the counter in view of the customers whom you attach nicknames to. Evil, evil people.Grr.
5	LOVE Popeyes.Pros:Best fried chicken there is.The sides are AMAZING. Takes me back to my roots.Cons:Prices are a lot steeper than they used to be.I've eaten so much Popeye's that I think a few years have already been trimmed off my life.........pretty good way to die I suppose.
2	I eat at KFC every now and then, so I was expecting the same if not better at Popeyes in Vegas, though as soon as I walked in, the menu seemed disappointing, mainly because it lacked the wide variety of options I'm used to seeing.Anyways I went for the simple chicken and biscuits, and it tasted just as such, chicken and biscuits, neither special, or terrible, just average, and given the prices, its not worth it at all. The Popeyes I went to regularly in Chicago makes this feel more like a dump then anything else. Customer service wasn't very good either.As the 2 star rating notes, "Meh. I've experienced better."
1	I love popeyes chicken , but this location just doesnt stand up to the same type of service and food i have always recieved.  First off the employees were too busy sitting around and chitt chatting with each other , than worrying about their customers.  On top of that we ordered a BASIC meal 3 chicken strips fries and a drink.  However the 6 orders behind us were filled first , then ours....  how is this possible ?  Then once we recieved the food , it just did not taste good.   Luckily i do not live near this place and will not have to go again.
1	Service was terrible. I was craving Popeyes today and I happened to be in Vegas visiting. We went off the strip to this location hoping for some good ol Popeyes. I was very disappointed. First of all the cashier couldnt speak english but that really wasnt the problem. The chicken was very dry. It taste like it had been cooked in day old oil. The mashed potatoes did not have enough gravy and the sandwich was sloppily put together. They didnt even give me a napkin or fork when i was clearly eating in. I went back to ask for sauce and they wanted to charge a quarter per packet! Out of all the popeyes Ive eaten at Ive never had to pay for sauce and it wasnt even like I already had sauce and wanted extra. If I could give this place a 0 i would.
1	My wife saw "Under cover boss" on TV, and decided to try Popeyes on 6111 W. Sahara Ave (ST # 5637) on 3/03/2012..She was very excited and when she mentioned the TV program, she was met by a very Unfriendly, Rude, Ignorant and Strange attitude...it totally spoiled the whole experience and her appetite....never again.Tel ID LK9406068 pce chick $14.39 mash $1.89 Tot $17.60 what a waist of time and money.
4	Fan of their food, but not the store, service, or parking.  Place gets packed on Tuesdays for their 2 piece deal.  Can't go wrong at this place for crispy chicken.  Location is pretty small (only a few tables).  Their fountain drinks are shared with Terrible's gas station (actually cheaper to buy a cup from Terrible's).  It's a fast-food joint, so you can't expect good service.  Always check to see if they gave you the correct number of pieces you ordered.  They don't offer you hot sauce or napkins, so you have to ask.  Parking here is a pain (especially on Tuesdays).
4	I love coming here on 2 piece Tuesdays ! You get two pieces for 99 cents! I typically buy $10.00 worth for the week for every ones lunches. It comes in handy when I'm dog tired from work and don't feel like cooking. The best way to save is to make  the sides at home. I'll usually pair it with rice,  mashed potatoes, or we will bake some Pillsbury biscuits at home. It's a nice solid meal but it's best to get there early because the lines can get crazy!
4	Given the time I should up, (closing time) I got fast service. And the girl behind the counter was really nice!
1	A big black Cockaroach ran across the the counter when we were placing our order. we stop the order and went to Jack in the Box down the street.  I would not go back!  Stay away!
1	This popeyes is the worst. Ordered a 12 piece only got 11. I dont know if they cant count or what but I waited for about 15 min for my order. Then the fries were gummy and tasted like fish. Ok so moving forward when i got home and finally sat down and had a piece of chicken. The inside of one of the pieces had so much coagulated blood it was disgusting. Im not talking about a small spot the whole piece of chicken. Needless to say as soon as i find the receipt i will be calling customer service because i refuse to drive back out in all that traffic. A pure waste of money.
5	TLDR: better service; busy Tuesdays; connected to Chevron; limited seating; drive-thru availableI'm really surprised at most of the Yelp Reviews. I expected more stars, but maybe there's a tough crowd. I frequent this facility on Tuesdays due to our schedule and the specials. I purchase an 8-piece chicken mixed and 8 chicken strips. I usually get in the drive-thru line to expect a 15-20 min wait, so expect that. You would think that they're gonna constantly make chicken so it would be ready-to-go, so I decided to order inside to paint a picture on my head. So imagine waiting in the drive thru-there's 5 cars ahead of you. At the same time, there's a line of 8 waiting to order and several couples and singles standing around waiting for their order. There's like 7 employees working and busting their butt, but the amount of chicken is plentiful in the warmer, but it's only breast pieces. So for everyone ordering the mixed box which contains 1-2 breast pieces and chicken strips, and the variety between spicy vs. not, there's gonna be a wait. For me, I don't mind the wait, I would rather you fully cook the chicken. I don't want no salmonella poisoning. Ain't nobody got time for that! I had an issue once in terms of being incorrectly charged, the manager came over amidst the craziness and calmly resolved the issue and refunded me the difference. It was the best resolution I could have asked for in this situation. I'm also happy that like 4 people are ServSafe certified at the manager's level. This makes me feel safe eating there. There's always room for improvement so I give 4.5 stars, but I always round up :)
3	I've had Popeyes so many times because my college dorm had an on campus location right next to my dorm. This one wasn't very good with the service. The employees were very rude to me when I was there and even snickered at me because they thought I said something stupid. I do love Popeyes and the food was very fresh. For the fresh food that I love, I give this 2 extra stars. Had I only been rating the service I would've given half a star.
1	Stopped at this location on my way home from work. Ordered my food, which included a large coleslaw side.  Almost home, I realized I didnt get it. When I went back, the cashier had attitude,  didnt offer an apology or anything else for my trouble coming back. I was shocked at how small the large side is for the $3.89 price! !! Wow!! Always check your bags before leaving!! Won't stop here again! !
5	5-star rating (for its particular target category and market) earned by this particular Popeyes because .....Mikeya and her colleagues were patient with me as I told them my special diet needs (I'm doing low carb)That means a lot.  Way to go.  Pope YES CHICKEN, the official chicken of the Vatican!
4	Stopped by to grab something to eat yesterday and got the 4 piece chicken meal got to say I was impressed the service was really good the food came out well except for the cajan fries some were hard some were fresh not sure if they just kept some of the old fries and mixed then with the fresh fries because when I ate some of the fries that's what it tasted like overall I would come back to this location as other then the fries I didn't have much problems with anything else I got to add that the chicken was delicious and it was fresh and that alone would make me want to come back.
1	First let me say I know it's Tuesday, so staff for business levels!  The line is wrapped around almost to the gas station area, two registers, one open, and about 5 other employees.   Here is NO sense of urgency to get guests taken care of in a timely manner.  In fact I watched as one guest was called,  he didn't hear his number, called again, nothing, so it was set aside.  The guest came to he counter, gave his number, instead of reaching back and getting his order they made him wait another few minutes, why? Just give him the order!  Never again at this location,  service sucks, even on a regular day.
