5	I first discovered Z Gallerie while on a trip to Houston, Texas.  And since there wasn't one in PA, yet, I had to drive all the way to Cleveland to fulfill my cravings for this store.They have great furniture, but I mostly shop here for the accessories and art work.  They have a unique selection of home decor eye candy and everything seems to be displayed in shades.  Beautiful silk throw pillows, beautiful bedding, a wide selection of unusual candles, table accessories, stylish mirrors, vases, floral items, well, the list goes on.  You can spend a lot of time in here just trying to take everything in.  The displays are that good.  The artwork in the best in this area.  It's really a great store.  Now if we could just get a Crate and Barrel....
5	If you are looking for a cross between Pier One, Crate and Barrel, and Bombay Company without being overly expensive, definitely check out Z Gallerie. I wandered into my first Z Gallerie this past weekend. While it didn't take me long to figure out the place was a chain, the merchandise offers many "boutique style" finds that I think would make great gifts for many occasions. The design styles are eclectic without being over the top.  The price tags are relatively affordable for what I saw. I saw quite a few couches and chairs I am considering as future purchases for my formal music room - as the traditional jazzy clean lines and clean colors will balance off our mahogany baby grand well. I was also impressed with the quality, selection, and price of the art work.  Many large pieces (often the standard stocks, but hey they are good old standards for a reason!) were extremely affordable - in prices I tend to associate with TJ Maxx more then a large chain. Definitely a place worth shopping for unique discussion pieces for your home - or presents for another's home!
5	THIS STORE IS NOW CLOSED :-(I'm so sad about this, they had beautiful, unusual items. You can still shop on their website but it's not the same as going into the store and being swept up in the gorgeous atmosphere.
