1	TOTAL BAIT & SWITCH Ive been here two times for the $99 special and they ended up quotig me $700+ for the repairs after their bs inspection.Now for the real scam... They tell me the car needed the fuel system cleaned and that my air filter was clogged. Remember, I came here for brakes. Their name is "just brakes" not "tune up". My air filter was replaced a week prior and was BRAND NEW. Total rip off artists. I checked it when i got home and it was so clean you could eat off it. But these low lifes tell me its all clogged up and needs to be replaced.As for the fuel system cleaning. You can buy a bottle of cleaner at Walmart for $5 and dump it in your tank. That's all these guys do for $50.Most of the guys working here look like total sleezbags anyway. They all look and act like they are on prison work release. And when you walk in you have to wait 20 minutes before anyone even helps you. The level of service is terrible. The guys act nice but it's so slow. No one is at the front counter and you have to walk around yelling for help.There is no way a business can survive on $99 brakes jobs. It's obviously a bait and switch scheme. And they want to replace perfectly working parts of the car.
4	A bit of a wait, but because Of my personal product knowledge, I obtained a decent quote on the work I needed, and they got the job done. I'll go back :)
4	The staff was really helpful and they helped me get a solution to my problem. The part that I needed was unavailable and they found another solution to solve the issue. The time was pretty fast for the amount of work I had done on my car. The only thing that gives them 4 stars instead 5 stars is the amount of money I paid out for parts that are minimal in cost. I paid A Lot for labor when the work only took about 3 hours or less to complete. The parts dont even add up to half the cost of the bill.
5	It's really hard to find a reliable mechanic, and when you find a good one, you have to stick with'em.  Just Brakes on Rancho is awesome - the timely repairs, the reasonable prices (it can be expensive, but you get what you pay for), and the incredible staff make this my go-to spot.I first went here when my girlfriend was having brake issues.  She ended up spending $2,000 because there were several problems that they found.  After the repair though, the car's been running (and stopping) just fine.  I've gone for a power steering flush, oil change, tire rotation...every time I go early Saturday morning and there's no wait, the staff is super friendly, and our conversations have made the time fly by.  I will no doubt continue to go here.
5	I was able 2 get right in. No wait! Scott is the best. I was in out within an hour. He really worked with me to make sure I was able to get what I needed taking care of.
2	This shop overcharges for parts, and they will sell service that is not necessary. Shop manager Mike will lie to your face and call you "bro." This is no longer a reputable shop, and they do sloppy work.I had a front brake job done in the Summer. Within 6 months/4,000 miles, I have brake chatter, and the rear brakes are leaking/locking up, despite checking out fine during the previous inspection. This first brake job was quoted at over $400. After some debate with "Scotty," I was able to get the price reduced, but evidently at the cost of mechanical sabotage. Current repair estimate for the rear is (surprise) over $400.I paid $40 for an oil change using my own oil. During the change, oil was spilled all over the place, making the motor smoke and stink. The shop was more than happy to charge me for a brake bleed that I did not need.The manager "Mike" does not care about customer service in the least, and when I told him he had lost a customer, he hung up on me. Very unsatisfactory.
4	I went in for an oil change and front brakes.  They took the vehicle in immediately, but was at 1pm on a Thursday.I left and received a call from Ramon 30 mins. later with a summary of his inspection.  He said I didn't brakes as they were at 50% wear, the good news.  However, I was told I needed a brake line and power steering flush, the bad news.  I stuck with the basic oil change as they wanted another $150.4 stars given for being honest about not needing brakes.
1	Brought wife's car in to have front brake pads replaced, and suprise suprise she needed all this work done totaling about $800. The repairs I can agree with bc they brought me back and showed me everything and I am semi knowledge in car brake systems, so we had the work done, and about 3 months later had to return car for a squeak in front brakes when braking, they fixed it and it was good, then about 3 months later the brakes were shuttering when braking, so had to take it back again, they called me and said they machined the rotors and said new pads were under warranty but labor was not and they wanted a brake flush, I never consented to any work so them machining the rotors was their own choice, the other charges were going to be $150, I said no put it back together and I'm picking it up and I'm not paying for a single thing, went to pick it up and walked out. 4 years I have had this car and the first just brakes trip has been a bad experience, and I will never return.
5	My brakes were squealing. So I went for new pads(I was sure I needed them). My car has 50k miles and original brakes. They said depending on how I drive I didn't need anything done to my brakes for prolly another year. I was/am in shock on the honesty and needless to say when my brakes do need replaced I am definitely goin back. They said sometimes the heat friction can cause squealing. Thank you Bojay and Nephy
5	Went in for a second opinion after firestone stated I needed new pads and rotors.  The guys pulled my wheels and pads off to show only 50% repair.  I have wheel locks on my tires so I am not sure how firestone was able to do b this in the first place.  ASE certified staff.  Average shop rate charge.  Invited in the shop area to actually inspect the parts.  Will give them a try for my auto needs.
