4	Great addition to the Caesars' line up of Casinos. The previous hotel/casino was becoming a dump, Drai's was a cool after hours club and now revamping the club to become standard day/night club. This should be a cool new place to check out.Looking forward to see the renovations and actually walking into the casino. I hope they do a good job to the club itself so that it's just not a sloppy label over the old stuff.I'm sure they'll promote world renowned DJ's to jump start this location. And if you have a Total Rewards card hopefully they send out some promotions on this new location.
5	Great ambience!  Definitely a HUGE improvement over Bill's Gambling Hall, which had that classic Vegas feel, but its dilapidated condition always had me anxious the roof was about to collapse. The casino floor is not huge, which is a good thing,  as the smaller gaming space allows for a more intimate experience (not in a creepy way). You won't find this at many of the other big box casinos in town, where you feel like a tumble weed is likely to roll by at any moment (I'm looking at you Bally's). The high energy level reminded of O'Sheas, but with with a more swanky atmosphere. Great to be around a group of young, enthusiastic gamblers like Vegas of old. The staff were all extremely attentive and friendly. Very creative cocktail menu which ranges $15-$20 for most. I had the Va Va Voom, which our waitress said was the most popular drink of the night. It was a nice mixture of Absolute Vodka, lime juice, mint and few other fruity mixers. Very light and delicious! I think this place has the potential to be the crown jewel for Caesars. I am anxious to see how the pool looks in a couple months. Definitely worth checking out.
4	Soft opening showcases elements of the old Barbary Coast and Bills Gamblin Hall in the casino area.  It's clean. Smells great and looks like a much classier and upscale Barbary Coast.  No word on the rooms yet as they aren't yet available for reservations.  Drais branded pool area club is on the roof and is also not yet open.
4	A much needed update from Bills Gamblin Hall.  The casino floor kept the gorgeous detailing elements from the Barbary Coast era.  This looks like a modernized step back in time.  Clean.  Smells good. Worth a visit.  Sad fact. Big Elvis is kaput.
3	I would have given this place 5 stars because it was beautiful and the staff was all really nice. Too bad for all those people in wheel chairs and scooters, because the only accessible entrance is in the back of the hotel. Seriously? Who thought that idea up? It was disappointing to watch them leave on opening day because it's so difficult to get around the strip. I'm sure they all would have loved this place. Drinks were good and service was great.
5	Your an all star now in the dope show!!!  Place is great. Great service. Great clean carpet smell. Machines are paying. It's gonna have a day beach club. A regular club then an after hours club. Maybe I can actually have my first one night stand. Whooo hoooo. Everyone is way over nice. They are trying hard and doing a great job at it.
5	My review is only for the casino portion, and let me say they are on top of it here. The service is great from all areas, pit bosses, dealers, cocktail waitresses.. Everyone has a smile on their face and so accommodating! I sat in the far corner playing video poker, and on both nights the cocktail waitresses were ready to take my drink order before I even finished my corona! They are really doing it here---  I actually did liked the old nitty gritty Bills, but this whole new vibe is really impressive!  Come take a look for yourself!
5	I am so grateful that my family was invited to stay here for the soft opening! Our room was beautiful. I especially loved the vanity and the hair flat iron by Mui. The T.V. had some issues with freezing, but all in all, I enjoyed my stay. The service here was amazing as well. Everyone greeted us with a friendly smile and always held onto a conversation. I felt comfortable and there was never an awkward moment. The Cromwell is definitely going to be one of my favorite hotels to stay at.
5	Great clean atmosphere and friendly & helpful staff. It has a boutique hotel feel which I love. The hotel & casino is right on the strip. So you can't beat the location.
3	This used to be the old Buffalo Bills casino they've totally refaced it and renamed it and cleaned it up a lot there's still is a lot of construction going on at this time I don't think the play should be open but the casino is still working in new carpeting and some decorations but again the construction is a little bit crazy with all the people in and out we be best if they just shut it down and get it completed I'll come back and check it again to see so I could look at the fabulous deck decor,
4	Beautiful boutique hotel and gaming property. The staff is excellent. Adrien, bartender in the lobby bar is on point. The hotel staff is incredibly accommodating, and the rooms are comfortable and inviting. There is a nice lounge with reasonably priced bottle service. And they did a good job on the layout of the gaming area. I can't wait for Drai's pool dayclub and nightclub to open.
5	Caesars truly outdid themselves with this property. I'm so excited for Drai's and Giada to open in the next few days. The property definitely has a boutique feel, but what really stands out is the service. Every employee was very gracious and welcoming. Can't wait to see the rest of the property!
4	Very impressive so far. The style is very similar to the much-larger Cosmopolitan, but there is an emphasis on customer service that is noticeable. Little touches like a bellman to walk you to your room and point out amenities, complimentary full breakfast (with omelet station) every morning, and staff that great you at every opportunity. Some of these might be just for the opening this weekend, but there is almost nothing that resembles the previous property (i.e. Bill's Gambling Hall and Saloon).PROS- Modern decor and furniture- Complimentary full breakfast with omelet station- Drai's on the rooftop adds a nightclub and dayclub to entertainment optionsCONS- Difficult to access via car - the driveway is on Flamingo (which has horrendous traffic) and is easy to miss- Not everything is open just yet - Giada's is scheduled to open 03-JUNTIPIf driving, try to avoid Las Vegas Boulevard (The Strip) and approach from Koval (to the east of the Strip).
5	My review is for the casino only, which is top notch indeedI The experience I describe is from the extremely busy Memorial Day weekend. And if you're wondering,I'm only a Gold member, so do not receive any special treatment....Harrahs has outdone themselves in their beautiful  remodel of the much-in-need-of-a-facelift Bills Gambling Saloon.. The casino is stunning with marble floors and dark wood accents. I am glad Harrahs/Caesars decided to keep the long bar and the original chandeliers, because they add so much to the ambiance, and help retain some of the cherished past....but more than the cosmetic changes, the modern, friendly, customer-oriented atmosphere is most noticeable! You will not find this kind of service at other Harrahs/ Caesars properties! As far as customer service goes, The Cromwell will give any establishment a run for their money. The Cromwell appears to have hired the creme de la creme, and has made a wise investment in their staff...Within five minutes of sitting down at a slot machine yesterday, my husband and I met the slot manager, Mark, who introduced himself and chatted for a while. What a great manager! His pride in The Cromwell is apparent!  Spoke with him again today, and handed him a comment card, reflecting much of what I am saying in this review.Frank, the slot attendant, came over a few minutes later and chatted. We saw him about an hour later at another slot machine, and he remembered us and made some suggestions to enhance our slot experience. Saw him again today, and observed him working to enhance another client's experience at The Cromwell!  And he remembered me from yesterday! This does not happen at other Harrahs/Caesars properties...The cocktail waitresses are phenomenal! I saw several instances of them dealing with rude, obnoxious clients, with grace and poise.Even last night, Saturday of Memorial Day weekend, the cocktail servers provided top notch service. Unfortunately, I did not get any names...Lizzie is exceptional! She served us yesterday, on one of the busiest days...and a day later and she still remembers that I like my vodka cranberry with lime? Wow!!!!  I recognize that this is but a stepping stone in her very young career, and she is a shining star, one of many at The Cromwell...You will not be disappointed in The Cromwell!
1	REALLY BAD COSTUMER SERVICE! !!!!!!1) U need to have minimum $25 SHOWING IN MACHINE to get a drink.  SO DON'T LOOSE2)ON BLACK JACK TABle[ DEALER HAD 6 SHOWING] SO  I try to double down  with 9 the dealer skip me cus I was looking for more $ inside my bag . She quick open her cards in I told her to call her manager and she lied about all the situation  and manager didnt care about me. Instead of reversing cards like ALL CASINOS DO..THE PLACE WAS SO EMPTY ON MEMORIAL DAY CUS OF HOW THEY MANAGE may/27\2014  3am
5	They did a very nice restoration job to the former Bill's location.  it's a very modern, sleek, dark, and sexy hotel floor.  Got to go up to Drai's for the opening events this past Memorial Day Weekend.  It wasn't as packed as I thought it would be and the hotel staff wasn't allowing us to utilize the self parking so we had to use the lot over at the Flamingo.  Other than that slight inconvenience, I think this boutique hotel is going to do quite well in the upcoming months.
4	Really nice casino..Newly remodeledSmells new lolI think this is going to be my new spot to play craps. Dealers are super friendly!
4	Not everything went perfectly during our stay but there are a ton of great things about this place and the staff does their best to satisfy their customers!First thing's first. Let's get out of the way the not-so-great things about our stay:* Our bags were left unattended by the front desk when our room wasn't ready and we checked them in for storage. I decided to just wait until they were taken by a bellhop, which never happened. The girl who checked us in finally just took our bags to the back herself.* When our room was ready we were given two $50 dining credits since Giada was not yet open. One was for her restaurant, but it has an expiration of July 31 which is totally useless if we don't go back to Vegas by then. For the other credit, we were given a list of about six restaurants to choose from and that too has an expiration - for an even earlier date! We weren't crazy about most of those restaurants and were pretty much set on the restaurant reservations we had already made anyway. There was one place we were willing to try but it was impossible to get last-minute reservations for the time we needed. Also, it would have been useful if we were given those credits when we first checked in because we went to eat at Guy Fieri while waiting for our room and that was one of the restaurants on the list. Grrr!* Our bellhop was very friendly and showed us all of our room features - but he went a little overboard. I mean, he showed us how to turn our lamps on and off! We were surprised he did not show us how to make a phone call or flush the toilet! :p The whopper: when explaining how to turn on the shower he stepped in our shower - with his shoes on! * Speaking of their shower, there is a two-way mirror in there, meaning you can see inside the shower from the bedroom - not a fan of that!* We were given a bottled water with a hole in it one night for turn down.* The casino smelled like sausage.* The casino-goers gave the place a less than classy vibe. (Because of its central location it attracts a lot of people walking on the Strip.)Now for the good:* Great central location on the Strip! We went to the Linq quite a bit which was an easy short walk through the Flamingo. To get to Palazzo was easy. We just ducked into the hotels in between for a cooler walk in the triple digit weather. We also went to Caesars, Bellagio, Cosmo, and Paris during our trip and they were all easy walks, though annoying when crowded.* We were warmly greeted by all the staff we encountered.* Super cute guest rooms* Comfortable beds* Tea and coffee station by the elevator on our floor* Excellent continental breakfast for free (with your resort fee lol)* Nightly turn down service with Fiji bottled water, boxed chocolate, and macarons!* Nice welcome amenity of champagne, cheese and crackers, dried fruit, and nuts :)This hotel easily gets four stars from me because of its excellent location, friendly staff, cute rooms, and the many nice little touches to make your stay more special :)
5	The Cromwell is part of the new Vegas project that includes The Linq, The Quad and the High-Roller.. all which is a walking distance from each other! The Cromwell was basically a hotel built around Drai's-- the 24 hour party place, the new and hottest nightclub. I would say.. this boutique hotel is so posh and very classy. It was once the Bills Saloon and before that was one of the oldest hotels on the strip, Barbary Coast. This "space" regardless of how many times the owners have changed, The Cromwell is the best i've seen so far. Although the old space was built for an older aged- group, I believe that The Cromwell will fit all ages!It is very small so majority of the time, they do not have room for parking. You would have to go to the Flamingo to park or the complimentary valet. You are welcomed with an awesome valet team and an arch with the name of the hotel in bright purple neon lights! Once you enter, the floors are tiles and dark marbles with chandeliers all over the top of the roof! There are also three different bars as well and Drai's night club. Giada- As many of you know, Giada is the famous Italian celebrity chef who has cooked for many celebrities and the President himself. She is opening her VERY FIRST restaurant in LAS VEGAS and it is HUGE! It is on the second floor with dark wood floors, huge windows and i'm guessing.. amazing FOOD! It is not opened for business yet, but I am sure it will be just as popular as the new hotel!When you are out on the casino floor gambling, you are greeted by beverage ambassadors who take your drink orders with cool ipads that go straight to the bar so then you have cocktail servers who deliver it to within minutes! It definitely makes the whole process so much faster! I have not seen this process in another casino before! I know other hotels will adapt to this way of ordering comped drinks! I have not seen the rooms yet, but I am sure it is as beautiful and classy as the hotel. I cannot wait to get a room here and check it out!The night club is HUGE! It is what The Cromwell is known for. It is a great place to check out for all ages-- whether you are celebrating your 21st bday, a bachelorette/bachelors party, or even with a group of coworkers wanting to enjoy a night out! (More of Drai's night club review in its separate profile)!This is a great hotel and I like how Vegas is adding not just big hotels, but cute boutique hotels such as The Cromwell, too!
4	I was fortunate enough to be in Vegas during the opening of The Cromwell. Since I was staying next door at The Flamingo, I decided to give it a try. I have no idea what the rooms are like, and I didn't venture into Giada's restaurant, but I did blow some cash at the casino.Upon entering the casino, I was impressed by the stylish retro decor that includes lots of stained wood and brass, gorgeous chandeliers, and cool lighting! It felt like I stepped back in time to a smaller casino that isn't full of loud obnoxious college kids. I really enjoyed losing money at this cozy casino, and the cocktail waitresses are very attentive.Also cool is the retro gift shop that offers many cool and affordable items. There's even an area dedicated to old-school Great Britain! The gift shop employee was very friendly and helpful, and we purchased a few items to take home (which is rare for us because most Vegas gift shops are a ripoff!).I would be willing to stay at The Cromwell the next time I visit Las Vegas. If not, I'll surely come back to gamble and try Giada's restaurant.
1	Besides having Drais on their property, they're less then something to write Home about... their Valet/Parking is atrocious and for an Empty Casino Floor!! Save the pretentious bullshit, Cromwell... if I'm ever back, you can thank someone else.
4	I was a bit weary at first, its in an awkward location, is it going to be loud, does new mean expensive? I was totally surprised. If youre coming to Vegas to do the Vegas party thing, this is perfect. Not only do you have one of the best new pool parties and night clubs, but youre in the middle of literally everything. I was escorted from the Valet to the front desk where I was greeted by name (thanks Valet?). I was then escorted up to our room where they went over all the amenities available. The rooms werent big, but were only in there to sleep, I was excited it came with a hair dryer AND straightener. The showers and deco were cool, very trendy, very boutique-ie. Casino and drinks weren't too expensive, worse in the club.  Nice that there is coffee and tea on every floor. Only downfall is if you want to go to a pool that isnt Drais Beach Club, you have to go to flamingo.
4	My fiance and I stayed at the Cromwell their opening weekend 5/24-5/26, and short review: we will be back.I am a bit shocked at all of the yelp reviews from people NOT staying here, the rooms are some of the best in Vegas - we have stayed pretty much everywhere. (encore,wynn, bellagio, mgm, hardrock, cosmo, aria, mandalay)The Pro's:SERVICE of hotel staff is excellent. We were greeted and checked-in by Krystal/Crystal(SP?) and she set the tone and high bar for service from the get go. We arrived very early in the morning and although she was unable to get us into a room immediately, we had one shortly after. We had reserved a Luxury King strip view, and had a nice view of the Bellagio fountain and people watching below. We also had a delicious omelette bar and breakfast included with the room every morning - the staff here was also very warm and engaging, and they remembered us each morning.The ROOM - not super large but very well appointed, with nice seating and even a makeup area outside the bathroom that my fiance enjoyed. Neat Mirror effect in the bathroom to the room that we didn't notice until the last morning - very cool. I am not sure if it was all rooms or just because of opening but they had an amazing welcome basket with truffled Parmesan and other dried fruit - really nice touch.  The LOCATION - can't beat it. Walking distance to everything and awesome views from Drai's beach club. DRAI's - great to be where the party is, and this place will definitely continue to be a hot spot due to the view and pool. READ CON's when discussing the service you might expect here.. it's pretty bad (even w/ tables)The Con's:DRAI's Staff - Unprofessional, unorganized, rude, dismissive to my fiance. (not acceptable)We went to the beach club both weekend days, and although the location and venue are top notch, it was very evident it was a new staff and club. The security was rude to my fiance but overzealous security is everywhere in Vegas, the real problem was with their entrance and table service.It was EASIER to enter the club when not spending a dime, then when we were spending $1000's of dollars on tables. In addition to booking the table in advance, I confirmed before flying out and the morning of with my contact at Drai's. Low and behold the table we booked was now at a $4000 minimum - so they simply say go take a hike or tough. After over an hour of back and forth with a bunch of people that had no idea what was going on, we ended up getting a table by the pool but not the daybed we had "booked" weeks in advance. (end rant)
4	A very nice attempt at a boutique hotel in a city that is decidedly NOT boutique-oriented. With only 188 rooms, this really does feel like one of the more intimate venues in all of Vegas (Drai's aside, of course). The staff also does an excellent job of making clientele feel warm and welcome, from the valet to the bellperson to the concierge/hosts. That said, it is pretty evident that the Cromwell is a reclamation project moreso than a new buildout.  The site of Bill's Gambling Hall, the ownership went to lengths to cover up the old stench, stains and degradation of the property but it would have been much more impressive to do a complete overhaul. While nicely appointed in an aesthetic sense, the quality of the items from the lighting fixtures (plastic) to the nightstands (vinyl-topped, plastic wheels) are subpar compared to the Wynn, Encore or Cosmo. Again - I want to be clear that the rooms are indeed 'nice,' but this is not luxury - it's fauxury. We were happy with the stay, and room service was delicious, but it must be noted that everything from the in-room tub (great idea, but cheap) to the 'rain' showerhead (Lowe's-caliber) was a mass-buy discount purchase. Even the fixtures in the gambling hall are likely to be replaced within two years - it just doesn't have the regality of Encore or opulence of Bellagio. The style is close, but falls short of the Cosmo.Regarding Drai's, I'll review that separately because it's independently owned - but it's worth noting that both the Dayclub and the Nightclub are underwhelming, which is a huge surprise as this was allegedly Victor Drai's pet project. I would return to the Cromwell, but only if the Cosmo and Encore were completely booked.
5	This is an amazing remodel of an aging casino. The old Bill's Gambling Hall and prior to that The Barbary Coast is now The Cromwell. The strips first boutique hotel is a beautiful hotel and casino on the busiest corner on the Las Vegas Strip. There are 188 amazing rooms and suites in the hotel as well as a casino on the main floor. They also added a much needed parking garage for self parking and they also offer valet parking. There is also a fitness center located behind the reception area. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable. With the addition of Drai's Day Club, Nightclub, and After Hours, there will be a 24/7 non stop party going on at The Cromwell.The Cromwell has a retail store near the valet entrance named Curios. There are three bars in the casino. The Bound Bar and Lounge is up front near the lobby, The Interlude Bar is located in the center of the Casino right on the main isle, and The Interlude Lounge is located on the opposite side of the Interlude Bar.Giada restaurant is located on the second floor over looking Las Vegas Blvd. There are escalators just as you walk in the door located near Flamingo Road that will take you up to the restaurant.The gaming floor has seven pits with two craps tables, including a high limit room. They also have seven slot sections including the High Limit room. The Cromwell is part of Caesars Entertainment, so you can use your Total Reward Card there to earn points.Overall this is going to be the best spot on the strip when summer gets here. I would recommend to everyone that they go to The Cromwell.
5	This hotel is truly epic!!!!! From start to finish this hotel exceeded our standards. The one one factor that sticks out is the service from everyone in the hotel. It goes above and beyond to make the experience positive. It's worth every dollar they ask. We will be back
3	It's alright. Frankly, I really miss Bill's Gamblin' Hall. Parking is next to impossible here. When I visited, both valet and the garage were full. Sure, it's prettier now. But it's also more expensive. I rather liked the cheap gaming of Bill's. And there's not anything particularly noteworthy about this hotel/casino other than it's new.
5	This review is for the casino area only. The casino maintains the same footprint from its former days as Bills Gambling Hall and the Barbary Coast, but everything else is brand new!. The old grungy,  rundown vibe has been replaced with a new ultralounge-y, Cosmo-Encore esque casino. The casino layout is pretty straight forward with tables lining the north side of the walkway and slots filling in everywhere else. Table minimums on a busy Friday night were reasonable by Strip standards (we got in on an empty $10 craps table and an empty $25 baccarat table). The casino staff were very friendly and personable. They were great at striking up conversations and really made you feel comfortable. Drink service throughout the casino was prompt (especially around the tables). We gambled here for a bit before going to Drais Nightclub and really enjoyed the vibe (it also probably helped that we won some money too). I don't know how desirable the hotel component of the operation will be, but the casino proved to be a fun place to play , with reasonable minimums in a nice, unpretentious setting.
5	I stayed in this hotel. I would suggest people to try this hotel. Rooms are very up to date casino is fun. Specially employees they are so friendly. I look forward to stay at cromwell in near feature. Linda lee the casino host was very friendly and helpfull
1	Major noise problem at this hotel from Drai's Beach Club and nightclub. We stayed there for 5 nights and could not get any sleep due to the bass pumping all night long. We were also on the lowest floor. It also seems like they over charge for things and the bill was really confusing. Customer service and staff is top notch- everything else about this hotel was great but won't new going back due to the noise problem :-(
4	Not your same ole Vegas resort and Casino. I am from Miami so I enjoy the boutique feel of the hotel. It is a lot smaller than the other big name Vegas hotels but beautiful. Nothing like the old Bills. Rooms are simply amazing. Probably the nicest rooms I've seen in Vegas, very modern feel. Another great thing is that you are staying right where the new hot spot on the strip is, drais beach and night club, and you get complimentary entry to it for staying at the hotel.
1	am not impressed---thought i would take a walk over to the Cromwell---liked it better when it was Bills----you feed the public and you live with millionaires--you feed the rich and your live with the poor---they have tried to take it way upscale and they can not compete with the wynn or the ventian---first it is too dark---any nobody around so i am not going to play with myself no not at my age--take that anyway you like---and i can have more fun with a 25 limit  wynn ---people more interesting-----could not find the wonderful coffee shop that hd the best chinese food in vegas ----Ceasars has been a failure it has been broke before and it can not go on  i then walked over tp Ceasars and they put in a poker doom and really downsized the sportsbook and wil never go back---the Cromwell will be a failure and the pool parties--over priced selling over priced drinks and who will pay what they want to get in these pool parties are a total rip and a disgrace to las vegas frank
4	I didn't stay at The Cromwell, but this review is based on my experiences at their casino and bars.  The place is a complete turnaround from Bill's Gambling Hall, and I don't miss it one bit.  When you walk in, you're greeted by everyone.  I actually felt like royalty even though I wasn't a guest at the hotel.  It's still dark like Bill's but the atmosphere feels a lot more lively especially with the newly remodeled Drai's, and two hip and swanky bars, Interlude and Bound by Salvartore.I do wish they had more dining options here but it's a little too much to ask with the very limited space they had from Bill's.  And sadly, the Victorian Room is gone and took the late night steak special with it.  Now they have Giada's, which seems to be a worthy replacement since the early yelp reviews have been mostly stellar.I don't know if I'll ever be able to stay at The Cromwell because it's a little out of my usual hotel price range, but since I normally stay at Bally's, I love how it's conveniently next door across the street and it gives me a spot to hang out during the late hours.
5	I was able to get a room with a king (complete with sitting area with couch and coffee table that has Checkers game on top) via Priceline's "Name Your Price" feature for only $118/night on a Sunday and Monday night in June.  I was impressed by the professionalism and friendliness of the staff, all of the perks included in the room rate (plus obligatory $28 resort fee that is required pretty much everywhere now), and the modern decor of the room.  My only criticism is that the rooms are kind of dark, but I think they were going for that with their romantic theme.  I would definitely recommend staying here and it's centrally located on the strip :)The Room+1 Hardwood floors+1 Cool sitting area with couch and Checkers game on top of coffee table+1 Rain shower in bathroom, great bath products and straightener/dryer in vanity area+1 Comfy bed+1 Hook ups for your iPhone into music player/TV  (but bring your own cords!) The Hotel+1 Complimentary breakfast from 7-10 AM in Casino with omelette station+1 Free tea/coffee stations near elevator (and free bottled water in gym)+1 Super friendly staff+1 Complimentary admission to Drais Beachclub/Nightclub and Afterhours +1 Complimentary valet
1	I went to the Cromwell yesterday and upon entering, was struck by how much it resembles the Wynn. From the lighting fixtures, to the decor, to the color scheme, it duplicates the Wynn. Unfortunately, the service is not up to the same quality that the decor suggests. I went to the main bar/lounge area and sat down expecting to enjoy a drink. Not one server ever approached me. With drink prices at $16 each, I would have thought they would have been there quickly indeed. Perhaps they don't pay any attention to single women. If you are a woman there by yourself, don't expect much. One star for decor, 0 for service.
5	I've been here twice so far to hit Drai's Nightclub (rooftop) and Drai's After Hours (subterranean):- Cool UK English decore.  I enjoyed both the rooftop nightclub and the subterranean after hours club.  - Similar to The Cosmo, this place attracts the 20s crowd (other properties seem to get the 30s crowd, or older).- Blackjack tables have $15 min for 3-to-2 payout on blackjack, and $10 min for 6-to-5 blackjack.  For players who request water, they provide complimentary Fiji bottled water (a nice touch).- Currently tied for being my favorite Strip property.
1	The concept is an excellent idea. However the execution has flaws. Having an upscale boutique hotel combined with an edgy nightclub does not match. We visited the location to try Giadas restaurant and spend time at the casino.We were greeted by crowds of drunk, shabbily dressed patrons of the pool bar spilling out into the valet area. Security was there but taking no action while they harrassed people waiting for their cars at valet. (Which takes excessively long).There was a guy in flip flops, tank top, and underwear hanging out talking to a doorman right in front of the door blocking access. The management barely noticed that patrons had to go around this scene to enter.Later, an entourage of 20-somethings with those tall souvenir drink glasses came out with their buddy who was coming out in a stretcher into an ambulance. All drunk and obnoxious. But the ads for Drais nightclub are designed to attract that crowd so that's what I would expect to find there.The casino itself looks nice, but upon closer inspection it is obvious the fixtures are trendy, but of cheap quality. When we left, the valet took 14 minutes to bring the car up. During that time one drunk from the pool bar got right up in my face asking how I was doing. Again, security and management was within view and was taking no action to organize the mayhem.Several of the other people waiting in the valet line were shaking their heads saying they have never seen anything like this chaos at a Las Vegas casino.
5	It is beautiful inside! The transformation is amazing from what it was. The staff is really helpful too.
5	The happiest bartender in the world, Tracy Lall, makes a mighty fine drinkee.  And she's drop-dead gorgeous, too!  I'll always miss my Bill's Gamblin Hall boys (Carlos, Bubba, Tam...etc.) but Tracy has put The Cromwell back on my must-visit list.  Update:  Angelina (she's gorgeous, too) is also incredible.  The Jalisco she mixed for me was so good it made me cry.  Thanks, Angelina! Thanks, Tracy!  Mr. Cromwell, outstanding!
5	This hotel is amazing and is highly recommended. Euro aesthetic w. a Parisian flair. True definition of a boutique hotel.
5	Simple and service-driven: Absolutely LOVE it.I had the pleasure of seeing what this new spot was all about on my recent trip to LV.  It's a "boutique" hotel on the strip, which means that it's much small and heavily focused on service.Now the Vegas standard of "boutique" is a little different than the normal version of boutique. Don't expect to arrive in a cute little quiet, quaint  hotel.  This is a super bustling, chic, kinda sexy spot with a full on casino, bar, lounge, high roller area, etc.  This is now home to Drai's Nightclub / Beachclub / After Hours clubs, so it gets pretty popping in there at night.Once you check into your room, you'll be introduced to some interesting boudoir-touches in the elevator and hallway.  One really thoughtful touch you'll find when you arrive on your floor is a perfectly set side table with iced tea, ice water and infusion water.  AHHHH.  Rooms are dimly lit and somewhat minimal, but lots of cool touches. For instance, the coffee table is actually a backgammon table. And the vanity area is all set with a flatiron (pretty convenient for us ladies!)All of that said, if you're looking for the really cush super luxury kind of place, I wouldn't say that's the Cromwell.  But if you're looking for a more sleek kind of luxury that's more focused on service, then you've met your match :)
5	After coming from an older hotel down the strip (a room change included)... I wasn't really holding my breath for another 'Vegas' hotel.  And The Cromwell certainly isn't another 'Vegas' hotel.While the entry is a little tricky to remember, being used to the monster resorts down the street, from the moment you arrive you almost feel like you're nowhere near the strip.  Everyone was SO nice.  I was greeted by everyone and Mike, the bellman, helped me from time of check in and gave me a little history tour on the way (love that they kept the original Bill's chandeliers- minus the decades of wear).My room: Amazing.  And Mike also showed me every detail.   I did not see the standard rooms, but mine felt like a small apartment and every detail was fantastic.  The only 'negative' was the sofa wasn't the most comfortable, but I also really never sat on it.  I was visited at one point asking for turn down service and chocolates.  Kind of bummed I turned down those chocolates....The bed didn't feel like a "hotel" bed, it was very comfortable.  Sound and light were not an issue and I almost slept through my alarm.  Though my stay was during the week and not on an expected party weekend.I hope that my next stay can be at the Cromwell.  I feel a little spoiled now.
5	It would be a huge understatement to say that my girlfriend and I absolutely loved this hotel. We went for my birthday/our anniversary. Here are the things I loved the most:1. The rooms!!! They are super cool! Harwood floors, ridiculously comfy bed, very cool furniture and art, awesome bathroom! Bathroom is the best I have seen in Las Vegas.2. The staff: Every single staff member we had contact with was over the top helpful/nice/professional. Some examples: On our first night, we struck up a conversation with a staff member who was restocking the rooms. He asked us if we wanted some water in our room for when we got back. We said yes, thanked him and talked for a little bit. When we got back there was three Fiji water bottles along with a a complimentary bottle of champagne. Also on the first night, we realized we left both of our toothbrushes in the car we called and literally within 5 minutes they had someone give us a toothbrush, mouthwash and floss (the speediness of the staff was a constant... this is probably due to the fact there is less than 200 rooms). We went to the Canelo Alvarez fight but once again left the tickets in the car. The valet saw that I was getting anxious about missing some of the under cards so he sprinted to my car and returned with the tickets, he was literally dripping in sweat. Also, I was an idiot and left my Ipad in our room. I called them right when I found out and they are mailing it to me free of charge. These are just a few random examples. Every single staff member was extremely nice.3. Free breakfast!! This isn't an ordinary complimentary breakfast. This food is VERY delicious especially the omelet station. I also really liked the yogurt station with all the different kinds of sugar, fruits, and figs. The bacon and sausage was also very tasty.4. Beach club. Both my girlfriend and I are not big into clubs but their beach club was an exception. The views are amazing especially during Bellagio's fountain show. The DJ that was playing was awesome and we had a blast. A big plus was that as hotel guest we didn't have to pay or wait in the long line.5. Hotel size. I love that this hotel is smaller. It has a more intimate feel and I feel there is way more attention to detail. Also, it doesn't take forever to get from one point of the hotel to the other.Over all, the hotel was perfect for our romantic/fun weekend. We Loved everything from the decor to the food, to the staff. I don't see me staying anywhere else while staying in Las Vegas.
4	Came here to play some of the games. This place appears trendy and chic. This place was dimly lit with an array of red lampshades on the light fixtures. Drink service was on point and they were very nice. This place mostly plays house music . Overall a good time even though this casino is smaller than most.
2	Service is lacking. Check in took forever and waited in the lounge and never was approached for a drink order. Hotel is nice -surprised that they aren't on their game.
5	I want to prefice this review by saying that I really don't like Las Vegas. It's where good taste, good manners and good judgement come to die. I do enjoy the entertainment and the attractions but anyone who has ventured outside the strip knows that it's a wasteland filled with white trash tweekers and a dwindling real estate market. However, on my recent visit, my mind was blown.I come here about ten times a year for business and maybe two, three times for various celebration parties. I always stay at THE HOTEL at Mandalay Bay because it's understated class at its finest. This time I stayed at the Cromwell and I can't wait to go back. It's so beautiful and everyone is so nice. Maybe because it's new and they are on top of their game, but my stay was flawless. From the time I arrived to the the time I left, everyone that works there was on top of their game. It made my business trip actually enjoyable. The highlights: Drais, Giada's and the amazing service.  My room was perfect, the hotel itself sexy and chic. The concierge service was top notch. Definitely  going back.
1	My boyfriend and I stayed here over 4th of July weekend.  You couldn't pay me to ever stay at this poor excuse of a hotel again.Let's begin with the Pool:When we first arrived Friday day before check-in we were allowed the option to enter the pool.  There were 3 of us in our double queen booked room.  According to their policy only 2 guests per room are allowed free entry to the pool, however, we were told our extra guest would be fine.  Once in line, and with the 3 key card passes given to us by the front desk, the girl at the cashier informed us only 2 people were allowed.  So our friend paid, and that was that.  However, she gave us free tickets for our pool towels (apparently they charge you $5 per towel for use at the pool, really?).  As well, be certain you have no needed medications or even tums in your purse or backpacks, as they will make you throw it away when they search you upon entry of the pool.  So after being searched, we finally entered the pool area, to my amazement there were no chairs to lay out on or to put our towels down or any of our belongings.  You have to rent a daybed if you want to lay out at their pool.  Seriously?  What kind of establishment has no chairs at their pool, charge you for a towel, and you have to sit on the wall of the pool for your seat, because supposedly it's a "day club".  They had a crappy DJ...day club, my @$$! The Room:After waiting for the text to arrive that our room was available for us to check in, we did.  The room was nicely decorated and seemed great at first glance.  I must say the only thing good about this room was the bed, and that's it.  Our room was located next to the elevators, we went to bed fairly early as we were tired from the traffic.  We were awoken several times throughout the night as noisy guests exited from the elevators speaking loudly; the noise of heels could be heard clicking along the tile very easily, the walls are paper thin!  The windows sounded like they were open when they were closed (must be single-pane).   Hot water didn't get hot, just luke warm in the shower, and NO coffee maker!These things I could've lived with and given the establishment at least 3 stars...but the icing on the cake was the ELEVATOR and the customer service or lack thereof!Friday night, on our way up to our room to go to sleep my boyfriend and I took the hotel elevator up to our room furthest from the entrance into the little alcove where the elevators are.  Expecting the regular normal ride, we were surprised when the elevator suddenly stopped...about 20 seconds went by, nothing happened...and then bam! It did a sharp and sudden drop; it wasn't very long, all of half a second but enough to concern us and make us cling to the side railling.  It stopped again and vibrated, concerned, we stayed close to the wall and the elevator again dropped.  After the 3-4th time of this we begin to freak out; we attempted to hit the call button.  There was nothing but an automated voice, and then the call ended, we tried shouting for help but the elevator music was too noisy.  after 15 mins someone seemed to hear us, we think it was another guest, they said they'd try to get help.  All I have to say is that I've never been so terrified in my life, this elevator was literally like the tower of terror, dropping without warning, and vibrating...we thought the cables were breaking loose!  At 18 mins, there was one last sudden drop, and I burst into tears and was crying to my boyfriend that I wanted out and that this wasn't cool anymore, I literally questioned whether or not I was going to die on an elevator. Two minutes later the doors miraculously opened at the casino floor (where we had left off to go to our room [which was up] in the first place!) we both ran out of the elevator (tears running down my face and hyperventilating mind you)  and the security that checks your room key looked at us bewildered.  He asked, "is everything okay?"  We looked at him in disbelief, we stated, "we were stuck on that elevator for TWENTY minutes! You mean to tell us, that NOBODY KNEW?!?"  The security person shrugged it off, and asked if we wanted to speak to someone else...um DUH!  At this point, I was too upset to talk and I was still shaking from all the adrenaline in my system.    A floor manager finally showed up, and asked us if we wanted to file a report...let me say, NO ONE acted like it was a big deal that we were stuck on the tower of terror elevator for twenty minutes fearing for our lives! Their explanation was, "Oh, we have people working on the elevators right now, so that's probably why you were stuck"  Their tone was essentially, "what? You don't get stuck on an elevator every day?"  Long story short, they didn't care about our experience as guests there, we felt as though, they had their money and that was it.  They let us file our report, and comped us one night of our stay for our "troubles".  Worst customer service experience I have EVER had!
5	We spent the week at Cosmo and when we decided to extend our trip, they couldn't accommodate us. We decided to check out the Cromwell. I can honestly say I would pick The Cromwell over my beloved Cosmo any day. The staff is AMAZING! The service is out of this world! My love affair with Cosmo has just ended and my go-to wi now be The Cromwell. I was blown away with how much detail is in the rooms, the service and amenities. It's a boutique hotel so don't expect the big hotel vibe. Expect to be treated like a queen in the most amazing rooms. We had a perfect view of the fountains at Bellagio that you usually pay more to have. I am sold on this place and will be returning just to stay in bed and relax!
5	This hotel is awesome! My boyfriend and i stayed here for 3 nights. Our room was gorgeous, beds were comfortable and the WATERFALL shower is great! You get free entrance to Drai's night and beach club which is a mega plus! You get free breakfast which was delicious overall this hotel is amazing! I cant wait to go back. All the employees were so nice and helpful. The only bad thing I can say is the walls are thin so you here vibrations all night from the music at the club but that was no big deal for us.
5	Came here a week after opening day for my sisters 29th bday, and their service is ON POINT!!!! Best hotel service I have ever had. The hotel is beautiful, the staff is kind and helpful at all times. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel to everyone. Definitely staying here again.  I forgot to mention the complimentary Continental Breakfast with omelet bar. A+++
4	This review is for the main areas. This is a really cool new addition to Las Vegas! It's a boutique hotel and has a trendy vibe to it. It's intimate and fun, but I especially love the lounge. The drinks are craft cocktails and delicious and the DJ is amazing! He played every song I loved in high school and college and even heard me say a song request quietly to my husband...then he played it! If you don't want to fight the club scene and lines, but you still want to experience a fun nighttime environment, I highly suggest paying a visit to The Cromwell and posting up at the lounge in the center of the casino.
4	**********voyeur shower*********Very nice hotel.  They are still working on a few glitches,  but the staff were very gracious and accommodating.  The shower is fantastic.  Be forewarned though that the showers have a full length,  floor to ceiling two-way mirror in them.  If someone is in the shower,  and another is in the bedroom with the lights out,  they have a true voyeur experience and can see everything!!
2	I want to say we didnt stay here- just checked it out on our way to Giadas. The hotel is a short walk from Ballys. The casino looks like old school Sinatra vegas. The lamps, and decor is very "Old Vegas". Seemed very dated. Nothing interesting seemed to be happening in the whole place besides Giadas, and even that wasnt so great. (see my Giada review). Not much happening. There is Drais day/nightclub there but I didnt go.
5	A great getaway botique hotel experience on the Vegas Strip. It was nice to be in a hotel with the nice touches of a smaller hotel experience that includes breakfast for the guests in the lobby, complimentary coffee on each floor, and exceptionally well trained professional staff.   The rooms are Vegas fun with well equipped mini bars. Cocktails at Bound are delicious in beautiful glassware. Giada's restaurant is a must do experience of deliciousness from cocktails through cake.
4	The Cromwell Las Vegas Resort & Casino is a wonderful looking boutique hotel.It is such an upgrade over Barbary Coast which had been at this location for years.We stopped in to have lunch at Giada's.  When we walked into the hotel, we were very pleased to not walk into a smoke filled casino.  Ventilation was terrific.  Everything was so modern.The Cromwell is a welcome addition to the Strip.  I'm certain that we will be dropping by here often on future trips to Vegas.
1	Do not know about the hotel but the bar at closer to the back is terrible. Walked in, sat by the bar with my wife sat for 10 min not a single bartender payed any attention to us. They were to busy smiling and chatting. Terrible service.
5	This review is on the casino and not the hotel.Me and my friends gambled her for about 2 hours and it was our favorite casino experience.Staff-wow I have to say all of the staff were very good looking. Guys and girls were all very hot and attractive. I was lovin it! And they were all smiling and talkative to guests, and very nice. This was my fav staff in Vegas because it's very comfortable to gamble with people and staff that are happy with their jobs and not like other casino where the casino staff are over it and ready to slap everyone. Cocktail host came around literally every 10 mins and she new what we were drinking after the first time or ding so she kept bringing refills, now that is amazing service. Never seen that in any casino.Casino- I would have to say the casino is small but it's a boutique hotel so it's except able. Decor looks similar to the Cosmo. Very modern, and hip, and very sheek. Clean and smelled like flowers in there. It was a good experience, we came back the next day and gambled more.
2	Nice Hotel, BUT Shady Promotions and POOR customer service.When I booked the trip they promised a $100 food and beverage credit, but when I checked out they failed to honor it.  I feel this is unacceptable.  So if you stay here, don't rely on there "promotions"
2	The rooms are small and cramped. After walking around the strip for hours, you lookforward to kicking up your feet or lay down on the couch to relax...not happening. The couch is tiny...fits one person if they lay down.  Sure--- there is a wingback chair in the corner, but no ottoman to put your feet up. We resorted to laying on top of the bed in our sun soaked sweaty clothes. Yuck. The bathroom has no exhaust--instead--you open a tiny window that let's in heat and noise from the strip. Awkward. The bed was comfy and we were in the 5th floor and could hear the bass from the rooftop club during the wee hours of the night. It didn't bother me, but I could only imagine how people on the upper floors were dealing with it. We were not given our $100 food comp. and the check in desk is awkwardly situated...they sit behind a huge computer screen and I had to lean over on the chair to hear and talk with the gal. We ordered room service and the guy asked if we had been to the High Roller at the Linq...we told him we did and he said he was going to offer us a coupon for free drink there. Really!? Why don't they give you these things at check-in?  They did have a small bottle of champagne waiting for us on our first night there. And we ran into a nice room maid that promised to leave macarons in our room for us...that was a lie.  The coffee by the elevators were a nice touch. When I checked our bags for the bell desk to hold after we checked out, my bag was brought out with it unzipped/open. it's a nice hotel that needs to look over the little details that make guests want to come back...sadly...I won't.
1	There is only valet parking here....which I never do, for the very reason of what happened. Took my mom to Giada for her birthday, forced to use valet.  When I came to get my car I tipped $5.00 .  When I got in my car I saw my satellite radio cocked up and twisted up in the air. I should note I had this radio for 5 days I later noticed the clip to it lying on my passenger seat.  This is probably a $2.00 part, but that's not the point.  Its almost as if someone tried to yank it out of the vent.  Why did they even have to touch it?  When I called to find out how to report it, I was told I have to come back to the hotel.  Which would require me to valet........Thanks Cromwell
2	Walked in GIADA w/o reservation for lunch on Monday.  we can ONLY use bar area even there are vacant table due to not enough server.we ordered three items on the menu. both the Mushroom pizza and Tuna sandwich are on the salty side.the WORST part was the response from the staff when we inform him there is PRICE DIFFERENCE on our bill.  He just simply said that he would need to look for a manager to take a dollar off the bill. W/O apologetic. NO interest to know what the misstate is.  FUNNY in this kind "LUXURY" restaurant.PLEASE spend some time to check the price in the system to make sure you bill the correct price accordingly!!!
1	The staff... is great!I'm bummed I cannot report other good things about the Cromwell.  We stayed 3 nights. Eeek.Reading about The Cromwell... sounds great online.  You arrive with great expectations.  You get greeted and are excited (once the guy leaves your room after telling you way too much information about everything... but he is very nice and kind.)They offer COMPLIMENTARY access to Drai's beach club and night club.  Don't be fooled.  On The Cromwell website they "consider itself... bold, sophisticated and enticing."  Tacky is more like it.  I kid you not.  Drai's beach club is a cool spot located on the roof (at first glance).  If you don't order anything from the menu (for example... a TEN DOLLAR ($10) small bottle of Evian water) they quickly spot who you are and they will come by, announcing that it is too windy to have the umbrella's up where you are sitting and put them down so they don't fly away.  The wind was about 5mph and if you're going to make us pay $21 for sliders and $10 for water... then you should find a way to make your umbrellas not fly away in ANY amount of winds while it's 100 degrees with sun shining at the pool.  $82 for sliders/chicken wings and (2) waters people.  (including tip)Don't stay here if you want a quiet room.  But, it's Vegas... so that was not my expectation.  This is just a warning for you folks that go and expect a little peace when sleeping.Drai's night club isn't for the faint at heart.  Neither is Vegas.  Just a  warning.  If you get in "complimentary" don't expect great treatment.  So tacky people... just saying!Here are the reasons I will NEVER go back and I really want you to consider these before booking:*internet service... it's free, but doesn't work.  I worked from my hotspot the entire time.*sometimes... the free coffee is hot and the cream is flowing in the hallways... and other times... it is cold and there is none.*sometimes... you get your paper and then, sometimes, you don't.  We received ours the first night.*sometimes... you receive a turndown with some water and sometimes, you don't.  We received our water and turndown one night.*breakfast was yummy before 10am... however, don't get the veggies in your omelet.  *even though breakfast is yummy... you have to sit in a bar to eat it.  Come on Cromwell, get some tables and chairs so we don't have to eat on our lap!*DO NOT put anything in your room fridge while you're there.  Come to find out upon check out... there is a $25 charge.  KID.  You.  Not.*No ice machine.  On any floor.  And, no one delivered it to us when asked.*there were someones old flip flops under the couch... interesting to me that they notice we put coconut water in our room fridge... but couldn't see the flip flops under the couch when they cleaned.(I'm sure there is more, but I'm getting sick to my stomach, reliving this experience.)Mostly, I can't get over the TEN DOLLAR water at the pool and the fact they don't come around and offer their guests ice water in 100 degree weather when they put down the umbrellas.IT IS:  a good place to gamble if you like the small/boutique style.  Breakfast is free and good (minus veggies).  Free drinks while gambling.Giada's is yummy.  Eat there.  (Obviously, I'm not cheap, as I will spend money of food and things, but I sure do hate to get taken advantage of.  If you're going to offer $10 bottles of water, at LEAST have it imported with a brand name I'm NOT familiar with, that I can't buy in my local Kroger/Vons!)Bold.  Sophisticated.  Enticing.  They need to find a few new words for this place.  It is none of the above.And that... is my story.
1	The excellence of Giadi and the unquestionable friendliness of the team of concierges, bellmen, dealers and security personnel were not enough to overcome the awful elements of our visit to the Cromwell.One phrase describes it better than any other: RIPPED OFF. The "luxury boutique" hotel is anything but luxury. Our first room lacked cleanliness, featured the ceiling falling in over the shower and was positioned just above the dumpsters in the side alley. The lightbulbs were so dusty they failed to brighten the dark room. The sliding door to the bathroom did not work. The hallway carried the unpleasant odor of "wet dog" throughout our stay.After night one ... the second room we were moved to was clean, until maintenance changed the air filters and left the mess in our bathroom for us to clean up ourselves. Infused water at the elevator on each floor? Often empty water, seldom inspiring.Fresh coffee at the elevators. Typically either cold, empty or without cream.Complimentary morning breakfast. Flavorless omelets with miserably unfresh ingredients and a chef with a personality to match combined with unfresh fruit ... and the opportunity to eat holding your plate, placing it in your lap or balancing on a short, delicate tiny round side table cluttered around the room.The famous roof top pool was a disaster. Starting with its poolside menu: $10- water, $25- 12oz frozen margarita, $495- bottle of Bacardi Rum, $21- slider all being served by impatient, less than friendly servers, the experience compounded into nightmare. Open daily at 10:00a .... oops, or whenever the Drai's team that contracts it operations chooses to open .... don't expect to find any shade unless you're prepared to shell out $500-$1000 for a cabana because they can't afford umbrellas that are engineered to work for rooftop winds. Unexpected reconstruction of the pool's adjoining dance floor (and its subsequent closing) forced us next door to the Flamingo for pool access where we finally found seats along the service delivery parking lot, 50-yards from any water staring into a concrete wall amongst thousands of other vacationers. From "luxury boutique" to the Flamingo ...Complimentary access to the rooftop night club and basement after hours lounge will mislead you to think they're glad as a hotel guest to have you. We were treated like third class peasants by Drai's crew and got to patiently wait in lines while "VIP's" from other Vegas properties were whisked right in. Luxury? Not even close. Worth the boutique price tag? Not a chance. We specifically booked the property for it's marketed boutique luxury experience and we were ripped off.As frequent visitors to Vegas for the shows and restaurants, and experience at many places on the Strip, this was undoubtedly the worst Vegas getaway ever.Not only do I not want to ever visit the Cromwell again, I don't know if I will visit parent company Caesar's properties because of the taste in my mouth. $25 for use of the refrigerator ... not to sidestep the hotel's F&B (our $250 room service fruit basket with champagne was average at best) but to house dietary items is not mentioned until checkout. Move our room after one night to the same level room and call it good? Have limited, unpleasant access to the pool on 1 day of the stay?!?! No comps or billing adjustments.A very friendly staff that is ineffective. An unwillingness to make things right. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
1	This is for the Casino and NOT the hotel.  Place was empty when we arrived Monday evening to relive my old Barbary Coast days. My wife wanted to play slots, and we virtually the entire place to ourselves. $40 bucks on 1st machine. Nothing, not a penney return. 2nd Machine same thing, nothing. Went across the Casino to several different banks. Nothing! Not a bleeb, blip or ching of a return. These machines are wound tighter than clock. DO NOT expect any sort of pay out! They know it and so do there guest! And now you know it. If you read this, then go lose a few hundred very quickly, don't say you haven't been warned. Good Luck!!
5	Best casino service in Vegas. Staff was amazing and it was super clean. Id walk through the flamingo where I was staying to go right there.
5	I highly recommend this hotel / casino. This place does some things you don't see other hotels in Vegas do. I loved that they offered a free breakfast downstairs and it was actually a really good breakfast with more than just your standard yogurt, granola & coffee. This place had an omelette station, sausage, bacon, potatoes, oatmeal, fruit, yogurt, nuts, muffins, etc and it was all great food. I also liked how they did a free champagne and chocolate covered strawberries thing down in the first floor bar as a happy hour. Also a nice touch that they gave a free $100 dining credit. Where does it end right? Another nice touch: the housekeeping staff cleaned our room and left 2 free bottles of water and 2 free boxes of carmel corn. Again - what other hotel does this? Their staff were all really friendly and helpful. Their rooms were really nice. A little small but nice. As for the pools, we went up to check out Drais which is an insane EDM-crazy scene. If you're into that crap as I call it, you'll love it. During the day, the pool is packed. Probably 300 or so people up there and it's not really that big of a pool area (it is on the roof of a hotel keep in mind). If you're not into the EDM scene or you've past that age/mindset of douchery then you do have access to the pool(s) at Caesar's Palace across the street which was awesome. Overall this hotel was great. The only thing that is a little tricky here is their parking structure. It is small, packed with cars and took a while to find a spot. I'll give them a break on that though as my stay was during Labor Day weekend. To sum it up - stay here on your next trip to Vegas. You won't be disappointed with anything.
5	Absolutely loved this place! From the staff, to the rooms, the decor, the amenities (like free breakfast, coffee and tea on your floor every morning)! This place is wonderful.
5	Rooms- 5 Stars for unique, quality space design and furnishings (the shower with 2 way floor to ceiling mirror)View- 5 Stars for full view of the Bellagio fountain showBreakfast- 5 Stars for delicious, fresh fruit and omlette chefRooftop Pool- 5 stars for design and vibeWhat is NOT to love about this hotel??6 Stars- for bringing me a turn down treat fresh from the kitchen when they learned I was allergic to the macaroon cookies they brought up.
3	This hotel has beautiful rooms, but note that it has a very girly - feminine feel.  So it's perfect for a girls weekend or a bachelorette party, but keep this in mind if booking for a couple's trip or all guy trip... We were two girls in Vegas for the weekend so this was perfect for us. Disappointment while we checked in - we were supposed to get a $100 dining credit, but they failed to honor it. Make sure its printed out on your confirmation sheet!  Kind of shady of them...The pool was very clubby which was fun for about an hour.  Unless you have a table, there is no where to put your things (except for a few crowded benches, not even facing the pool) and it was hard to find a spot in the pool to stand it was so crowded.  And whenever the bass dropped (there was a DJ, which is kind of fun) a bunch of guys would splash everyone in a 10 foot radius. So we ended up leaving.  You get access to the Flamingo pool (older crowd) and Ceasar's Palace pool (families, young people, and old alike... tons of free lounge chairs and plenty of room in the gorgeous pool)  if you want a break from Drais (the Cromwell) pool. Also, they charge you a daily 'resort fee' on top of the room cost.  But once you get to the pool, you still have to pay $5 for a towel and there was no free water that I could see.  You'd think at least hotel guests would get free towels...As stated in other reviews, you can hear the club music all night long which was pretty annoying.The club itself was a pretty cool.  You get free entry, and it was a pretty good time.  Decorated pretty cool, and the back wall was open to the pool deck with views of the palm trees etc.  Not bad!Don't put anything in the refrigerators!  We were disappointed to find out we were charged $25 for putting water bottles inside of the fridge.  (mind you, we didn't drink/buy anything from the minibar, just used the extra space for our $1 water bottles bought elsewhere....)  Disappointing when hotels do stupid things like this... Very inhospitable. They do provide (very very watered down) free sangria delivered to your room when you check in and a free champagne toast at the bar at 5pm on Fri and Sat nights which were nice touches. Includes robes, slippers, blow dryer and hair straightener!
5	I have never posted a review but this hotel was exceptional.  The staff was friendly, and the rooms were beautifully decorated. Breakfast was included and delicious
2	The rooms are beautiful.  I found plenty of lumps in my mattress that made me toss and turn throughout the night.  I didn't find that the house keeping staff were real friendly or helpful.  I had a better chance of getting what I needed in the mornings when the ladies were out and about, cleaning rooms and things on my floor than calling for them the night before.  I like the heavy wood in the room but I also felt like there was something missing.  I didn't really care for what seemed to be a discouraging attitude from some of the dealers, when I told them that I was interested in Giada's new spot.  They kinda gave me this look like I was crazy for wanting to go there, or that I wasn't going to be able to get in, or something.  It was just kinda awkward.  And I must admit, I wasn't real pleased with the cleanliness, or lack there of when it came to my room.  Not all the outlets in the room worked, the lights were flickering off and on, etc.  I felt like I was a guinea pig being used for some dry run kinda stay here.  I didn't think that I received the best for the money.  I thought that the Cromwell was one of the newest, re-done spots on the strip that was going to be a hit and worth every penny. NOPE. I'm not impressed.At the pool, towels cost $5 if you need more than one. You can't take them back to your room with you. You have no where to put your belongings unless you're going to get a cabana or table. You won't find many places to sit.  It can be pretty bad. And if you are hoping to open a tab and to order drinks and receive them before you've turned into a lobster, you're probably better off going to the bar yourself.
5	Pleasantly surprised with the hotel. Came here to go to Drai's nightclub and hung out in the casino and restaurant for a bit.  Still has that Classic Barbary Coast charm but captures the new chic feel. Tables games were priced very reasonable. The whiskey bar right when you walk in was amazing. Looking forward to staying at this hotel.
4	This review is strictly about the hotel. The No1DP and I stayed here for 3 nights and 2 days for our 1 year anniversary. CONCEPT: Parisian-inspired boutique hotel; only 188 rooms offered. This is the former site of Bill's Gambling Hall and Saloon, which was past its prime and needed a SERIOUS renovation and upgrade to 21st century decadence that currently defines Vegas.LOBBY/CHECK-IN: One of my few pet peeves about this hotel is that the taxi line is quite far from the entrance and is actually not in the shade - not cool when you're waiting midday with 90F dry heat. The route for taxis to reach the hotel can be easily missed by taxi drivers and the valet staff had to flag down a taxi for us. We were given a suggestion by one of the staff to use the Flamingo's taxi line instead as it's a more direct route for taxis and the line itself is appropriately in shade!EDIBLE AMENITIES: Upon request you are given a welcome cocktail - in our case it was sangria. It's a good way to unwind once you get to your room but as a standalone drink I thought it was really watery. There's complimentary coffee/tea in each of the floors, free breakfast from 7-10am in the casino area and complimentary Moet and Chandon champagne Friday and Saturday evenings from 5-6pm. No1DP and I didn't take advantage of this as we were busy but we were informed of these amenities upon check-in.SERVICE: One of the best I've seen in any Vegas hotel. -The person who did the initial check-in was the VP, was very professional and friendly to him during the entire process.-After initial check-in the bellhop escorts you to your room. Once inside the room he gave the lowdown on the room's features.-No1DP complained to the bellhop about a lighting issue. Within 5 minutes one of the electricians came in and investigated the issue. Another one came in within 5 minutes of the other guy asking if the problem was solved.-The valet staff were persistent in flagging down taxis especially as the taxi drop-off area is hidden from the main Las Vegas Blvd.ROOM: A luxury king room with our view being of the pedestrian walkway connecting Bally's and the Cromwell. The room gives off a Parisian chic vibe. Hallway is decorated like you're going back to an apartment in Paris. For a boutique hotel the room itself is quite spacious - it's roomier than some of the boutique hotels I've stayed in SD or SF. -The bed is VERY comfortable. The bed is a Simmons Pillow Top King Bed covered in Filadora Linens. I slept well all nights I was here. It also helped that I could rest my head on the headboard. -The vanity was in the room itself with a big mirror. Big plus for having it come with a hair straightener.-Lots of room for clothes via an armoire and drawers in the bottom of the TV.-A checkerboard with checker pieces already set-up on a small roll-on table. LOVE the roll-on table as this can double as a hard surface to put anything on top.-Comfortable sofa (can sleep another person) and corner chair. For me it's another more convenient way to spread out clothes.-55-inch TV.-No Bible on any drawer!BATHROOM: With the size of the room the bathroom is more appropriately sized to a boutique hotel. The bathroom is small BUT still manages to impress. The lone shower can provide you with a rain shower experience, which you can switch with the more convenient hand shower if you wish. Rain shower head does feel like a moderate rain shower is pouring on your head. The shower is roomy for two with an actual area for people to sit. Suggestion: steam shower/sauna option! The toilet is separate from the shower/sink and door can be locked. TURN-DOWN: The hotel offers turn-down service with a different treat each day. On our stay we got macarons, chocolate bon-bons and cookies & cream popcorn in addition to bottled water. The service is inconsistent as we got it one day upon returning but I had to request the service and treats for two other days. The treats themselves are not bad for free.IN-ROOM DINING: Standard pricing for luxury Vegas hotels (read: expensive!). My hash was $17 but it contained enough potatoes and meat to almost cure me from my hangover. The No1DP's pancakes were $11 but there was a good amount of berries on the side.The focal point of a Vegas vacation are not the casinos but the hotel/resort itself, more and more Vegas hotels are offering their version of a luxurious decadent experience. The Cromwell offers the Parisian chic vibe without the tackiness that Paris LV offers. It's good for the couple or group that wants a more subdued room/experience as most of the other resorts are focusing on the size or the glam. Should the No1DP and I return to Vegas we would put this hotel on our rotating list of hotels to stay.
4	The Cromwell looks great... This review is just for the casino floor & my experience being in the building to spend some time at Drai's Nightclub one recent Saturday night. Such a turnaround from how I remembered this casino to be when it was the Barbary Coast. It's a plush look inside. It kind of reminds of a baby Cosmopolitan. It has a classy look. Like a throwback to old Vegas but revamped to fit today's style. I like what they did with the place. And since The Cromwell's players club is Total Rewards, you can earn tier points playing here along with the many other casinos in town that are part of that program.Taxi line was quick. The folks that work there are friendly and helped us get a minivan that sat 5 to head to another casino and club down the strip. Valet was efficient too. Kind of tricky getting in the valet lane if you're heading up Flamingo as you have to u-turn to get in their driveway. Easy to figure out otherwise.
1	The Cromwell was one of the worst managed hotels I've had the displeasure of staying at. The front Desk managers were unbelievably insensitive, and downright rude. They lost me as a guest within 10 minutes, and if my room hadn't been prepaid, I would have looked to go almost anywhere else. The management of this hotel has a lot to learn.   I was told when I made the reservation, that the "resort fee" was something to be discussed with the front desk and that they generally would waive it if I asked. When I got to the front desk not only would they not waive it, but they made it sound as if I were trying to rip them off. The manager had the gall to tell me that they do waive the fee in certain cases but that I didn't meet the criteria.  Excuse me? For a front desk manager to tell me that they waived it it under certain circumstances but that they wouldn't do it for me was just stupid. From a business perspective they have no sense of what should or should not be said. when I politely expressed my displeasure and said that the inflexibility shown to me would mean that the hotel would lose me as a future guest, the manager shrugged, and said "that's your choice." Wow that's good business sense. So let's lose a guest over a $25 resort fee rather than try to make some accommodation.The room itself was pretentious and not very comfortable. And as almost every guest reviewer has mentioned, it was noisy. The room was clean, and the housekeeping staff were very nice. Too bad their sense of how to treat a guest was not shared by the front desk.I left a voicemail for the general manager of the hotel to call me back. Let's see if he ever does. Bottom line unless I hear from him, this hotel is history in my book. I could never recommend it to anybody I know based on how I was treated.
4	I had not heard of this hotel before finding it amongst the listings in our Southwest Airlines Vacations brochure.  Price was great, so did a quick internet search, and discovered this type of boutique hotel was right up my alley.  Under 200 rooms, perfect mid-strip location, brand new renovation - all good things.When we arrived, I was immediately struck by how dark and inviting the decor was.  Our experience checking in was no issue; was even offered a welcome Sangria to be sent to our room.  However, we didn't hang around long enough to get it.  We were in the room maybe 15-20 minutes before we got too excited to start exploring.  Not sure how long it was supposed to take to get a couple Sangrias, but we just couldn't wait.The room was beautiful.  Deep, rich purple.  Super chic.  Comfortable bed.  Nice mirrored vanity by the window.  Large shower.  Hardwood floors.  A little sitting area with Backgammon table.  It was all very nice.  If I could complain about anything, it would be the lighting was somewhat too dim and the air conditioning didn't get very cold.  Other than that, we were both very happy with our accommodations.Casino is small, but it was a refreshing change to some of the larger, maze-like casino floors of other hotels.  We spent several hours playing in our own casino - it kind of felt like our home, I guess.  It was still busy, but not too overly crowded.  Just a great vibe all around.Free breakfast is served daily, which consisted of pastries, cereals, potatoes, sausage and bacon, even an omelet station.  We only did this on one of our days, but it definitely satisifed me and I would have had no problem eating their breakfast every day of my trip.Never encountered anyone unfriendly.  Was greeted kindly at elevators or by housekeeping staff in the hallways.  I'm not sure when I'll get to Vegas again, but I would stay at The Cromwell each and every time.  It seemed very personable and intimate, and truly gave us a great experience.
1	It has been five days since I left a voicemail for the General Manager of the hotel.  He has not returned my call, nor did he reach out to me in any way.  Just confirms my earlier assessment of this hotel:  MGM needs to retool this hotel and find out why so many customers complain about how its run.  MGM are you listening?
1	Why should Caesars spend millions remodeling this hotel and then hire idiots to run it?  I'm a player.  Let's start there.  I walked in one day, went over to the crap table and pulled out some cash.  They had only one other player at the table.Started playing and no one came by to say hello, the pit boss was completely uninterested.  When I asked if they had a coffee shop I was brought a cup of coffee.  No response to my question, just a cup of coffee.After playing for about 30 minutes I asked if I could get lunch.  The pit boss said, "I can't do that."  Hunh??I asked for a Casino Host.  He looked around and actually said, "There's no host on duty."Forget it!!  There are other places to play.
4	My husband and I stayed at The Cromwell last month for the first time because we got a free room and gambling credit for the casino. It was completely different from all other Vegas hotels we have stayed at, and we have stayed at nearly all of the major strip hotels. Check in was fabulous! Instead of waiting in line, we were ushered to the concierge desk where we sat down while the helpful gentleman explained all the details of the hotel and then walked us to the hotel elevator. Some of the perks he told us about included a daily breakfast buffet, a nightly champagne reception, coffee and water service on each floor near the elevators, morning newspaper delivery, evening turndown service, and sangria delivered to the room. Some of these amenities were as good as expected, while others fell short. The breakfast on Saturday morning was delicious, but on Sunday morning it was completely chaotic with huge lines at each omelette station. Deciding to skip the lines, we went for the pastries and oatmeal to make it quick and easy, but there were no pastries, muffins, or fruit left! My husband got the last scoop of oatmeal, and we sat and waited for something, anything to be replenished! After about 5 minutes they brought out a small tray of croissants, so we took two and went up to the room. Turndown service was nice, but we never got the sangria that was mentioned. The casino was nice, but it was quite small. The friendly staff members have been well trained, and the service far exceeds any hotel/casino on the strip. They try to give everything a personal touch. The door men at the bottom of the elevators were so helpful, nice, and happy. It did not feel like we were at a hotel in Vegas.The rooms were small but well appointed. There was no tub, but the shower was neat. We requested to be away from the night club after reading other reviews, but the noise from the strip was loud. You could also hear everything in the hallway, from people talking to doors slamming. I like this hotel, but there is still room for improvement.
3	I am writing this with one day left in the hotel.have stayed at every CET property in Vegas and Atlantic City, and was excited to stay at the newest one on their list. I came in on a 14 hr flight from Asia.I booked the room for my birthday and upon arrival attempted to see a host for check in (diamond player)And was told there was not one available but they would have one contact me.      I was asked if I would like a welcome sangria sent to my room and I said yes that would be great.     The room has nice interesting furniture in it, the room is a bit dark, but the leather sofa and bed is very comfortable.      I was kept awake by all the noise from the club, every night I was there, so I had to adjust my schedule of sleep.     The first day I was there I had to get sleep,( jet lagged) so after checking in I went to bed. I was woken up by a knock on the door, I said please go away ,(do not rouse sign was on the door) they knocked again then they opened up the door and was staring at me in my bed it was housekeeping asking me if I wanted ice and water. I said no.     I could not get back to sleep , so I went to the front desk and told them what hppened, they assured me they would tell housekeeping .     I went to the pool, beautiful place, attentive pool person. Pretty cocktail waitresses, (8 Oz blueberry lemonade with vodka $22 with tip $26. AbsolutelyOutrageous, no excuse for 11 am on a tuesday.     Bartenders, Tate and Angelina are the best and very nice people.     A complete lack of any type of Dining options, very dissapointing.  Went to Giadas and was told I'd have to eat in the bar, low on servers without a reservation.     Having to leave property to get a sandwich makes no sense if you want me to stay and play.     I asked to have maintenance come and fix one of the leather pulls on the armoire  it had sharp tacks sticking out of it and I scratched myself.     Dealers very friendly love the security at the elevstors, and drink service on floors  top notch.     To follow up.    Sangria never arrived    The housekeeper did the same thing the next day     Maintenance never showed to fix the drawer pull     Customer service at front desk just plain bad, floor service and bar. Just plain great      I finally found the list for prices for the mini bar in the bag of a binder with nothing labeled on the front.      I assume we have to trust that all that is there is inventoried and that they won't charge us for something that we were never aware was supposed to be there. Very bad system.
4	Located on the Las Vegas Strip, this used to be Bills Gamblin' Hall which used to be the Barbary Coast. They didn't do a full on gut job to the casino, so it still has that'Bills' feel. The Cromwell bills themselves as boutique hotel. My guess is they have a shelf life of about year before they open the place up to the unwashed masses and then it will no longer be the hip new place. Still it's worth a stop in. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	We arrived yesterday having booked a king room online a few months ago for our weekend trip, enticed by the prospect of trying Giada's new restaurant.  When we were shown to the room, it was small, dark, and had a prime view of the service entrance and driveway alone.  In renegotiating we were told that we had not requested a "Strip view", an option that was not offered online.  The renegotiaton was handled wonderfully by Brent Klimow, the guest services manager.  As we came to realize, the Cromwell is a small boutique hotel surrounded by the larger properties on the strip and is often at capacity, with little wiggle room.  In spite of that, he accommodated us with an upgrade to a wonderful corner room for a very reasonable upcharge, and sent is a split of champagne.  The rooms are lovely and well-appointed, with every amenity.  Each and every employee has been pleasant, solicitous and inquired as to our experience, including housekeeping.  The meal at Giada last night was very good, the wait staff (Bruno?) excellent in spite of the hustle and bustle.  Because of the hotel location, be aware that some rooms (those numbered in the 20's and higher particularly- i.e. 420, 520, etc) - may have an obstructed view.  The decor and comfort level are extraordinary, however.  Thank you to Mr. Klimow and his staff.
3	Rooms were pretty. It was nice for a weekend getaway, especially if you like the nightlife scene. No spa and tiny gym. Nothing special...except giada.
5	No question about it:  Tracy is the cutest girl in Las Vegas and Angelina is the most hypnotic!  Amazing service guaranteed!
5	Stayed here for a one night getaway.   The service was very, very good....from the bellman to the reception.   They had a champagne happy hour when we arrived, an added bonus.   We ordered food at 2:00am, the food was great , not your typical 2:00am food from your typical Las Vegas hotel.   And it was prompt.   We will be back.
2	Was very good service at the beginning. Problem was that when I lost my id they were very mean and treating like I was under 18 even though everything was in my name and they knew I was 27 years old no doubt. I will not come back to a place that has no common sense.
4	Had a great stay at the Cromwell!! From the moment I steped out of the cab I was immediatly greated by the bellman who escorted me to the front desk for check in.  My room wouln'd be ready for a while so i killed some time in the Bound bar. Bound is very impressive with some awesome drinks and very cool bartenders.  Not your typical jaded Vegas employees here.  My room was great and very stylish.  The rooms at the Cosmopolitan have nothing on the rooms at the Cromwell!!  I didn't even mind my view of a wall.  The bathroom has a great shower.  Might be to flashy for some but not me.This may be my new favorite place to gamble.  It not a huge maze of a casino, its very cozy and inviting.  Drink service was also on point!My only complaint was the one day I went up to the pool at around 5:45 and ordered a beer.  Immediately the security guard comes up to me and says "sorry we're getting ready to close up.  Its supposed to be open until 7pm.  Not too big of a deal but I just wish places would stick to there posted hours.What really made me fall in love with the Cromwell was the customer service. Everyone from the Bellman, Front Desk, Security, Dealers, Bartender were outstanding!! I can't wait to go back!!!!!
5	Stayed here for my best friends bachelorette. Excellent location, amazing customer service and love that it has a boutique feel in comparison to the larger hotels and casinos on the strip. I love the Cosmo (and its still one of my favorites) but this was a nice change. I'll definitely recommend staying here to friends.
4	This review is also on Trip Advisor.  With a sale they had going on, I figured I'd stay the night before Thanksgiving to see how the renovation was since I had previously stayed there when it was Bill's. I was impressed both with the renovation and the service.The service started as you pulled into the valet. The valet asked if I would like a bellman for my one little bag and I said sure. Well, there wasn't a bellman available right then so the valet took my bag and me to the check-in desk. Check in was quick and friendly and I was asked if I would like a complementary sangria. I accepted and she let me know that since it was alcohol I would need to be in the room to accept it and it may take up to 20 minutes which I had no issue with. The bellman then appeared and took my me up to the room where he gave me an overview of how to use the keycard for the elevator and door (proximity sensors for both) and a quick tour of the room.While I was taking pictures of the room the sangria showed up and it was delicious. I then went out to find dinner along the strip and do touristy stuff I don't normally do since I live in Vegas. When I returned, security was at the hotel lobby, I showed them my key and they let me in with no issues. I also helped myself to a cup of coffee at the coffee service. The bed was one of the most comfortable I had slept in and the pillows were just perfect for propping myself up how I like. Drai's nightclub on the roof was closed that night so I can't comment on the noise from it but the noise from the strip was very muffled. There were some noises from the pipes when people used the other bathrooms but this was a renovation not a full re-build so it was expected.In the morning I went downstairs to grab a coffee before my shower and I wished they had the coffee service on a higher floor not right at the main level off the casino floor. That is one of the main reasons I knocked off a star on this review.  After considering it, it really isn't convenient especially if you've just gotten out of bed.  The shower was great with the two heads (rain shower and hand held) and the towels were fluffy and absorbent. I checked out by the TV and took a tea to go. The valet was quick and helpful and I was on my way in under 10 minutes after giving them the car slip.I did not get a turn down service as some people on here have said they received. It was not offered and I didn't request it so I don't know if they are still doing it or if I was just forgotten. Also, since Giada's is now open for breakfast they no longer do the complementary continental breakfast downstairs as some reviews have shown.All in all I did enjoy my stay and would recommend it to my friends if they were looking for a little higher end boutique property on the strip.
5	My new favorite hotel casino in Las Vegas!  Top notch service from the time you walk up to the front doors, to getting checked in (although there was a short wait period for our rooms to be ready, even after 4p), the entire experience, and checking out until the next visit.  The bellman not only brought up our luggage, but showed us the different features our room had to offered.  We were also welcomed with a couple of glasses of Sangria.  Although that's something I don't drink often (or at all really), it was a very pleasant offer.  The rooms were well renovated with a pleasant vintage look, with a touch of a modern feel.  The casino floor isn't too overwhelming and has just the right selection of tables and games, and the bar in the middle is very comfortable and enjoyable.  The hotel also provides a great restaurant (Giada) and my favorite nightclub (Drai's).The only 'negative' is the loud noises from Drai's Nightclub during late night hours.  But then again, I'm in Vegas and shouldn't have been in bed so early anyway.  In closing, I have to reiterate that the staff was exceptional.  This includes the valet, bellman, front desk, bartender, casino cashier, dealers...everyone.  I look forward to choosing Cromwell during my next visit to Las Vegas.
5	Really enjoyed our stay at the Cromwell.  The room was sexy and intimate and more importantly kept clean during our entire stay.  The staff were very pleasant and helpful all the way from the housekeepers, to the concierge, to the door men and on more than one occasion did their best to make our stay more enjoyable. The location of the Cromwell is exceptional for access to the strip.  We would certainly be happy to stay at the Cromwell in the future.
5	Service was excellent and the room is nice decorated and new. They even have a makeup station for the ladies, love it! Everyone there is very friendly! Good experience!
2	BEDBUGSTo be fair, I will try not to concentrate on the cons, Me and my wife were so excited to stay at the new The Cromwell for the first time.   It was our 13th wedding anniversary.  We decided to stay at The Cromwell because at the time it was the newest Caesars property.Pros, This is a laid back smaller boutique style hotel.  We were greeted really nice and provided a bottle of water and sangria upon check in.  The drink was awesome and the turn down service was great.   The shower/bathroom was top notch.  Our room had a see through mirror from the room to shower, so its not meant for kidos.   The security at the elevators were  great as well.Cons, The biggest problem were the bedbug bites I received during my stay.  I noticed some red marks on ankles.    I thought, how can a brand new, high end hotel have bedbugs.   I've been going to Vegas for 20 years, stayed in at least 100 hotels rooms, and NEVER HAD BED BUGS BITES.   At first, I dismissed it as just a random rash.   After returning, I went to the doctor and she confirmed my suspicions.  I filed a (very small) claim with The Cromwell management.  I wanted to make sure no one else had the same problem.  After a few calls, they called me back and said the room checked out clean.  They denied my claim of $40.00 (my doc co-pay and ointment ).   I found it funny they did not do anything for me being that I spent over $2000.00 that weekend.  I was not looking for anything other than the money I spent.   In their defense, I can not prove the bites came from their room, but I can say I received them during the three day stay at the Cromwell.  I only slept in one bed (The Cromwell).   I do not have bedbugs at my (or any friends/family) house.If you are looking for a quiet hotel, this is not the place.   We could not sleep, you hear the streets below, and the people walking down the hall.  I must have heard at least 5 emergency vehicles throughout the night, an occasional race car exhaust and many people yelling.In closing, I gave The Cromwell a 2 star instead of 1 because the rooms, service and decor are top notch.   Not sure if they could have avoided the bedbugs, but I cant give a good rating to a hotel that I leave with bites.
5	I have stayed at many hotels and have to say this is the best so far. Everything has been recently remodeled. The casino is great! Staff is superior, they made me feel special. I would recommend hotel to everyone. To top it off I won a few hundred dollars playing there. I am definitely staying here again on my next visit to vegas.
4	This place is nice. I didn't stay at the hotel, but I did spend some time in the casino. The cocktail waitresses were young and friendly, and the rest of the staff was very courteous. It was clean and decorated nicely. Fun place to go to.
4	Overall, good experience--people very friendly and lots of extras, like coffee downstairs etc. Rooms are gorgeous. Only problem--they put us in a room directly under the nightclub and our room shook until 4am the first night. Asked to be moved twice and no one followed up. Finally had to deal with a manager, who moved us into a suite. She was very nice. So, yes, stay there but beware of you are given a room on the 6th floor--make sure to ask if it's below Drais.
1	I was initially very impressed by The Cromwell in the first 2 hour I was there. But then, everything went downhill from there.I have always stayed at Ceasar's Palace and decided for a change of scenery and booked a room at the Cromwell for 4 days for a gambling trip.Upon arrival, all the staffs were very friendly and courteous.  Especially the Valet, Hector(5 stars).But when i got to the front desk, I was informed that my room wasn't ready yet.So I decided to have a nice breakfast/lunch at Giada. and this is when everything went downhill from there.I was called by the front desk, and informed that my room was ready.So instead of relaxing at the restaurant, I decided to go to my room, to get some well needed sleep.  When I got to the room that they gave me the key for, the room was still in use and housekeeping just got there to clean the room. So I had to go back downstair and waited in the lobby for an hour before the previous guest check out and housekeeping can clean the room. It took me a couple of hours before I was able to get some rest, and the whole time, I thought that if they had better planning, everything would be fine, and I could have happily waited at the restaurant.The biggest issued occurred that night and every night I was there.Upon heading back to the room around 1a.m. after a day of gambling.I tried to fall asleep and realize the biggest issue with this hotel.THE WALLS AND WINDOWS ARE TOO THIN.I can hear conversation in the lobby.  Also, my room was the "classic" room.so my view was of a parking structure.  And even with all the window close, you can hear the noises of car and alarms and all that screeching sounds doesn't help anyone.  Also I was on the 5th floor. But I could hear the music from Drais night club.That is the outdoor club on the top of the roof, so all I heard all night till like 4.a.m was the bass from the club and cars sounds all night.  I had to deal with this on all the nights I was there.My last night there, which was on a monday, I called for a late check out.  I have never had an issue with any other casino about a late check out of 2-4p.m.  and I had contacted front desk about a late check out, cause I haven't slept all day and night due to the music again, and it was pulling teeth for them to give me a late checkout.  They mention something about having that it's not possible since there is 120 room out of 185 rooms booked for the next morning already.after about 2 phone calls and about 10 minutes, they said they can go from 11.a.m. to 12p.m.  And as we all know in Vegas time, that is irrelevant.  And most people walked out late anyways.  At this point, I was done with this hotel, i rather checkout earlier and go to Bellagio for some Dim Sum then put anymore money at this casino.Also, I was informed that there was a free breakfast at the lounge, but when I got there, they gave me a menu with prices that they wanted to charge me.So next time, I will probably take my money back to Ceasar, or Aria's. (which has comparable room, but less hassle.Would I go back to the Cromwell? that's a "maybe" at best. My wife wants to tried it out since it's a boutique hotel, but i'm very hesitant now.I didn't have a good first impression of this place, and am hesitant to spend any more money at this place. I'm a regular gambler and I get room for free, but still, we are in Vegas, and free or not, I believe there should be a standard for boutique hotels in Vegas.I do hope they do something about the sounds, or maybe informed me that other rooms in the hotels are quieter.  But spending nights in vegas without a good sleep is not the best situation. especially for a boutique hotel.
4	A very solid Las Vegas hotel. I was actually against staying here because I usually like the huge resort style properties but the Cromwell is smaller more boutique hotel so they definitely work harder. The Rooms had a beautiful decor and te beds were amazing. The housekeepers and staff were all awesome. The room service had some of the best items of my trip. The chicken salad is phenomenal! Complimentary tea and coffee ready to go at the elevator is a nice touch and I took advantage of it a lot. I only wish that that the hotel had more food options on site. Although I did have a chance to eat at Giada's which was amazing. The property has 2 nightclubs on site and a rooftop pool nightclub. Drais on the rooftop is probably one of the more beautiful nightclubs I've ever seen. The one downstairs is an afterhours nightclub which is a staple in Vegas nightlife. Expect a huge sexy crowd at about 3am. Couple things I wish is that it had a few more food options on site. Also my room was right underneath the nightclub so if you plan on going to bed early on the weekend I would ask for a Lower floor as it it gets very loud and with pounding bass. Makes it impossible to sleep from 10pm-3am weekends . Also the casino isn't as lively as some of the Vegas casinos.
4	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #30:well look what happened to the divey Bill's Gambling Hall - it has been reborn as the upscale & boutiquey Cromwell; this is a small property, so limited number of things to do, but they've done a great job with the space they have; sort of a classy bordello (lots of red & black) theme; the bars are inviting, especially the chic bar right off of the hotel lobby, where the server's outfits may be the sexiest in Las Vegas; the check-in area is cozy & library-esque; Giada's new restaurant commands great views of The Strip on the 2nd floor - it's pricey, but quite fab; Drai's nightclub is on the roof, though I haven't been there; best craft beer bet = surprisingly very lacking, though did find several Rogue bottles at sundries store; maybe better to bring something in from Tag or Yard House in the nearby Linq
5	THE CROMWELL is the place to be in Vegas!  Small hotel, 188 rooms to be exact.  Didn't wait in any line for checkin.  In fact, they allowed me to check in at 10:30am without any extra charge.  I had a view of the strip and was immediately in love.  The casino is dope beyond words, super high class, and just the right size!  Our room was incredible.  2 queen beds, top of the line mattresses, a chandelier in the room, a small couch in the corner.  The bathroom had duel shower heads for a tropical jungle feel.  Also, a woman's dream makeup mirror and studio in the corner of the room.  I loved the feel, the personal touch, and the service of this place.  I will come back here for sure!Thanks CROMWELL!
4	My wife and I came out on Christmas weekend. Cant say enough cool things about the Cromwell. Super Chic rooms, great service. Decent prices on rooms make sure you get  your players card it can be used at any of the Caesars  entertainments group hotels. IE; Flamingo, The Linq, Cromwell, etc etc. The casino is small and a little boring the dealers don't wear name tags and were nice but kinda boring. We went to Planet Hollywood on Sat night and had way more fun with the choice of music and go-go dancers. But maybe The Cromwell wants to keep a mellow atmosphere in the casino. The one thing i did like very much is Casino security on point keeping out the hookers,gangsters and general dregs of Las Vegas out of the casino so they are trying to attract a higher end clientele. The Rooms were very modern and had hard floors with new nice size beds. We did check for bed bugs based on another Yelper review and it must have been an isolated incident.Staff was very helpful and courteous  we have found our new spot in Vegas which we go at least 3-4 times per year.
1	Bass from nightclub came into room all night.  No sound proofing?  Two floors away??  Couldn't move me and sent me up earplugs.  Seriously?  Most empty casino in Vegas, with most the tables closed.  At these rates not worth it!  Find a cheaper room if you want to sleep!
