2	My wife and I had dinner here and really wanted to love this place.  And while the service, people and atmosphere was good the food was not.  We expected the food to be rich and creamy and ended up with bland and runny.  My wife had the gnocchi/rav combo plate.  The ravioli were average but the gnocchi were way over cooked to the point of being mashed dumplings.  A big disappointment for her favorite meal.  I had the veal cannelloni,  the sauces were just ok (creamy white/ red meat) and the veal had very little taste.  One last point.  As mentioned in previous reviews the service is very prompt, but almost to a fault.  Our diner conversation was interupted several times by the over attentive staff.  Our meal from begging to end took less than an hour.  Hardley the relaxed enjoyable experience we were hoping for.We wanted to love this place!
5	We love this place.   BEST lasagna in town!!!  Staff are friendly.  Food is always good.
4	Went here with my wife for dinner for the first time, went with lowered expectations due to some of the reviews on Yelp and I must say we were pleasantly surprised. Service was fantastic the atmosphere was comfortable while at the same time sophisticated and the food was great. The dinner salad that came with the meal was hands down the best I've ever had, complimentary bread was great and was always refilled by a very friendly staff. Our only complaint (if you want to call it a complaint) was the gnocchi came a little over cooked, still tasted amazing and would recommend this dish to anyone but the dish was just on that borderline of being sent back because of its consistency. Chicken Parm dish was exceptional and not overly heavy. Overall great experience and we will definitely be back.
5	Great Experience! Overall, the best homemade pastas I've ever had. The best deal was at happy hour, but the portions are over twice as big for dinner. My wife and I had homemade Gnocchi, and homemade ravioli. Both were literally excellent. Fresh, light, delicate, and so flavorful. The bartender, Jimmy, was a real treat as well. Super great service and excellent food will keep us coming back for more.
4	I have highstandards and expectations for Italian restaurants. I was surprised with this place food was great service was excellent.  Just don't over cook the pasta please.
4	There is always "the company you keep" could factor in on the review and I will say my company this evening was a delight! The food (Lasagna) was delicious! The atmosphere was pleasant & our service was impeccable. I can't go all 5 stars though, it's just too pricey. It is a place I will consider for "special occasions" undoubtably!
