3	I haven't really been to a fro-yo place before this, but I have yet to find anything wrong with Golden Spoon.  Personally I think the portion sizes are great, they put toppings in the bottom of the dish, cover it with a hearty pile of fro-yo, and then put more toppings on, well, the top.  I'm a huge fan of most of their flavours, they keep about 10 of them every day and change 2 or 3 of them every few days or so.  All of the toppings are kept fresh, as far as I could see and taste, and I haven't had a problem there yet.  I think I've been to this place at least 5 or 6 times, and every time, the girls behind the counter are very helpful and fast.  I haven't been there at a peak time, I guess, because every time I've visited, there's been plenty of seating, even if there are only a few tables (it's quite a small space).  My boyfriend and I usually opt to walk around or sit outside Starbucks while we're eating anyway.  So as far as fro-yo goes, I would recommend this place as a first-timer.
2	Everything tasted too artificial.After a handful of trips to Kokomo, we got a buy-one-get-one-free coupon for Golden Spoon and decided to give it a shot. I got cookies'n'cream and chocolate malt with almonds and brownie. My wife ordered strawberry and cake batter with cookie dough.The CnC and the strawberry tasted really artificial...after a few bites of each we just couldn't continue. The chocolate malt and cake batter, however, were both pretty good.The "regular" size is generous and a decent value at $3.25, but toppings are $0.90 each. With the coupon, we spent about $6, about the same that we usually spend at Kokomo with no coupon.Kokomo knocks our socks off on every trip. My socks remained firmly in place at the Golden Spoon. Service was friendly enough, but we won't be back.
3	We came here because my daughter's school was having a fund raiser.  I always like to support the school and I'm a fan of fro yo so we went.  I like the fact that they put some of the topping on the bottom of the cup before they put the yogurt in the cup.  This is not self serve.  The portions are generous and not too expensive.  I have since been back a few times.  They have a frequent buyer card and Tuesday is "Two Stamp" Tuesday.  I like their Old Fashioned Vanilla and the Cake Batter was ok.  Their fruit flavors were just meh.  All in all the place has been pretty clean when we have been in so that's a plus in my book.  It's not the best I've ever had but it's not bad either.  And my card is almost full.  :)
4	Im a fan. However I did have a bad experience, DO NOT get the banana, It is not good. And when asked if I could trade it I was told NO. This was my 1st visit and I did not know you could get samples ;( I explained that to the girl but she didnt care. So I left my yo on the counter and walked out anticipating to NEVER return. However, I called and complained and received a credit. I have never had a bad experience since!
