4	If you are in the mood for a thick crust pizza in Dormont, this is the place. The sauce is a little spicey, but not overly so.  They are the new kids on the block pizza-wise and as such seem to be trying harder. The delivery was well within the time quoted and it showed up hot and fresh. What else can you ask?
4	As I haven't been able to grow the extra stomach I've been asking Santa for since I was 9, this is less of a review of the shop as a whole, and really just a review of one pizza.  But it was a damn good pizza!  Molly's isn't the newest pizza shop on the Dormont block, with Campiti's being the veteran AND it's neighbor two shops down.  And while their signage is a bit odd for a pizza shop (just a cameo-style head on a yellow background), don't be scared off!  I got a bit of a wild hair going places that wild hairs go, and decided to give Molly's a shot.  A quick look over their menu, which is pretty diverse in topping AND crust styles, I settled on a deep dish with homemade hot sausage and mushrooms.As deep dish goes, it's not strictly Chicago-style, but it looks a hell of a lot closer to it than most places.  The crust was more akin to a breadstick, with some parm sprinkled on top.  Well cooked, loaded with toppings, and so tasty I had 4 slices....I'm still full 3 days later.The shop itself is clean, spacious, and quick.  Their website is loaded with coupons, deals, and specials.  They're doing it all right at Molly's, and that's alright by me.
4	I think this is the best pizza in Dormont!!! i have never had a bad pie from here! stop in and get a slice or 2!
5	I found the pizza very tasty. The pizza was loaded with toppings. I walked in and ordered. The wait was very reasonable. I will definitely being eating Molly's Pizza again.
5	Pizza night every Friday can be overrated. My 5 star review is based on the fact that you can get a really stinkin good pizza for $7 on Monday or Tuesday night with their take-out special. Living in Dormont I'm not at a loss for pizza options. It seems like Dormont has more pizza places than I've ever seen. I like sweet sauce on occasion, and I like Beto's but have to be in the mood for Beto's. Sometimes I just want a good standard pizza and Molly's is the place for me. The sauce isn't sweet which I prefer, and they put enough on it. I can't stand when I order a pie and get a big dough ball with a tiny layer of sauce. The cheese and crust are good as well. I haven't tried the subs, but according to other people they are great. The people working are always friendly. For a good standard pizza that I feel is 10 times better than the chains, try out Molly's!
4	I would never say I"m a pizza connoisseur, but I know what kind I like. I do not like Pizza Hut, a hot greasy mess. I thought Slice on Broadway in Beechview tasted like cardboard. But I love Adrian's in Bloomfield because they have crazy concoctions. So you can trust me, I've been around the pizza block.For Molly's, I needed a couple tastes. I went in when it had just changed over from Adrian's, and I think I was just pissed they changed ownership, so I didn't like it. I've been twice more since moving to Dormont and I can confidently say I'm a fan! I like pizza that has a lot of sauce and a doughy crust. This pizza has both! Plus, they have fresh mushroom toppers, which is a plus considering a lot of places will throw on that canned crap. Ew!This last time we also tried their Molly's bread. It's ooey gooey cheesy bread and it was good. A bit greasy, but greasy in a good way and not a gross way, I promise! They also include a huge cup of sauce, which is a plus on my part because I love extra sauce!Thank god I can put faith in this joint's pizza once again!
4	We ordered from Molly's Pizza the other night. They were busy, so it took a while, so I'm deducting a star for that, but our food still arrived hot somehow. We just had a plain cheese pizza which was very good and a dozen wings which were juicy and crispy and excellent. This will be our stand-in when Slice on Broadway is closed (Slice is closed on Sundays which is why we ordered from Molly's).
2	I don't understand what everyone else is raving about when it comes to Molly's.For an establishment to receive my repeat business, it has to impress me somehow-- be it by practicing exceptional customer service, by having an amazing product, or by offering something incredible I can't get anywhere else.  I would rate Molly's customer service as nothing above "acceptable,"  the food can be described as nothing better than "edible," and I don't believe there's anything unique on the menu.  I won't be going back.We decided to get dinner from Molly's because we had been consistently and repeatedly let down by Giovanni's (another pizza place about a mile away from Molly's), and the reviews for Molly's were overall more favorable than the reviews for Campiti's (a few doors down from Molly's).I called at about 7:20 pm on a Saturday night and the woman answering the phone asked me if I could hold.  I replied "Sure," and after being on hold for 2 and a 1/2 minutes, I suggested we just go down to Molly's to place our order in person since we were going to pick it up anyway.  When we got there, the woman behind the counter said: "I'll be right with you," and we proceeded to stand there from anywhere from 3-5 minutes while she set up a delivery with some other customer on the phone.  No smile in her greeting at all.Now, I don't expect to be treated like royalty when I walk into an establishment, I understand I'm not the only customer, but between being put on hold for over 2 minutes when I called and being made to stand there at the counter and wait for her to be available to take our order for over 2 minutes, it was obvious to me that this woman was being given more than she could handle.I write it in every restaurant review, but for all I know this is the only review of mine you're reading, so I need to let you know where I'm coming from-- I've worked in customer service and as a server.  When a customer walks into your place of business, they should be welcomed as a guest in your home.  I would probably be a lot less pissy about being made to wait if the woman behind the counter at Molly's had made the slightest effort to smile or bring a hint of cheeriness to her voice.  Maybe she was having a bad night, maybe she was busy, I get it, but it's not personal, it's business.A gentleman who was in the back making food greeted us and stopped what he was doing to come forward and take our order.  I didn't mention that I had been made to wait for 2 minutes on the phone when we tried to initially call our order in.  We told him it was our first time there, how it smelled good in there, and we were excited to get one of that week's specials, which was if a customer spent over $15, they got free macaroni and cheese bites-- which were little clumps of mac & cheese fried with a side of some marinara sauce.  I ordered a "specialty" pizza- the roasted garlic pizza, and my hubby ordered a "traditional" pizza with pepperoni and onion.The gentleman took our payment and told us it would be ready in about 15 minutes.  We went for a walk, came back, and the food was ready in 15 minutes, which was great.  I'm glad we patronized an establishment that at least gives out realistic measurements of time as to when the food will be ready.  Less than 10 minutes later we were home, taking our first bites, looking at each other and asking: "What's the big deal?"I didn't notice any fatty pieces on the chicken on my pizza, which is the first time I've experienced that at any pizza joint anywhere, so obviously my food was prepared with some level of care.  My hubby said: "Eh, that's pretty good," but he didn't want to save the 2 slices he didn't eat at that time for later, which is not how things usually go when we get pizza from other places.  Neither one of us ate more than 2 of the (free with our order) macaroni and cheese bites.  I'm really glad we didn't pay for them.Personally, I say go if you want, maybe your experience will be better than mine (ours) was, but don't believe the hype of other reviews for this place-- keep your expectations realistic.  Most other reviews I read on yelp are what swayed me to go and frankly, I think other reviewers are either easily impressed or maybe I caught Molly's on a bad night, I don't know.  What I do know is that Molly's won't be getting any more of my money for their overall barely average performance in terms of quality of food and service.
4	Just like I don't prefer ordering a pad thai from a chinese restaurant - similarly I don't prefer ordering anything but pizza from a Pizza Restaurant. This was one of the first place that people recommended when I moved to the neighborhood and so far we've ordered numerous times from here. I'm not much of a meat lover - so I almost always order Fresh Mushroom Pizza and it's always been hot, fresh and great!The only issue I have with this place is I get price differently (a dollar up or down) even when I order the same item. I know they have specials on certain days but I usually end up ordering on the same days. I guess I'll have to ask them why the next time I order which I'm sure will be soon.
5	This is one of my favorite delivery places, for when I'm at work. They are always fast an very helpful. I ordered drinks with my order and after we hung up, they noticed that they didn't have the pop. The delivery guy, on his own will, went to the gas station (to make sure the drinks were cold) to get me what I ordered. He could have called me to let me know that they didn't have the drinks but no, he wanted to make his customers happy. Not only did he do that, they gave me a discount for the miscommunication. He got a good tip and the first time ever, I called the manager to give the delivery guy a great review. Keep it up!!! Great service and food!!!
2	Really disappointed in this place after reading so many previous Yelp reviews that were so positive.  Bottom line was the pizza and cheese sticks we had were less than mediocre. I have high pizza expectations as it is my favorite food and has been for forty years and Molly's just doesn't stand up. No crispness to the crust...very floppy. Sausage is grated? No where near enough cheese especially on the cheese bread...ahem...cheese bread...hellllloooo? It should be covered in cheese.  See my pics.  One positive...inexpensive and fast...but you get what you pay for.
4	Not your average chain pizza. Homemade, flavorful, delicious. I really enjoy Molly's!
4	Two words: Perogi. Pizza.
1	I should preface this with I am a disgruntled customer. Having usually ordered delivery from Dormont to Mt. Washington, I placed my order, gave my credit card, and waited 20 minutes before getting a call to tell me that they don't deliver to Mt. Washington. I would have loved to try their food, but unfortunately didn't get the opportunity to.
4	Guess who's back... back again... Nix is back... tell yer' friends. The self proclaimed Pizza Princess is here to review an entirely new neighborhood of pizza!! I hope you've got your Pittsburgh pizza pants on and are poised and prepared to party! (Alliteration gives me chills!)Truth bomb: South Hills pizza may be outdoing Pittsburgh's "Little Italy" (Bloomfield) by a long shot. Once of the most recommended and most delicious is Molly's. I've ordered from them for delivery twice now in the almost month I've been "Beech-livin'" and I'm a happy customer, to say the least. Quick efficient staff on the phone, about 45min/1 hour delivery time on average, and a slightly below par website (menus are difficult to view). On to the pizza... Hello, beautiful! A chewier crust, nice and thin though. I ordered extra cheese (because I love my cheese) but I always try to keep my first sacred slices plain. I let it sit for a little while to cool down as I don't particularly love a piping hot slice. The cheese was flavorful and the sauce was on the lighter side, which I prefer.A true test of my pizza scoring would be the "Tomorrow Slices." What is a Tomorrow Slice you may ask... a Tomorrow Slice is that coveted slice of pizza you eat the next day (I prefer mine cold or room temperature.) and savor the true taste once all the ingredients have had time to mingle. The last time we ordered from them we decided to switch it up and go with subs. We heard great things about the Pittsburgh Peppercorn Cheesesteak and I stuck with my standby of Buffalo Chicken.I've not had a single thing from them that I don't like, the people are always courteous and efficient. I can't ask for more in a local pizza shop.
3	I had the deep dish on Friday and, after reading the description of it on Molly's website, I was a tad disappointed. I was expecting a red top and didn't get it. I was a long-time customer of Little Chicago's in the South Side and, in my opinion, they did it right! Molly's is close, with the exception of the tomato topping. There just wasn't enough, for my taste. I have yet to find a pizza place in Pittsburgh that does it like Little Chicago's and that's unfortunate because there's was awesome! Maybe a change to the assembling is in order? I think it would definitely help. Don't get me wrong, the pizza did taste good...I just think it could be a lot better with more tomatoes.
1	I've gotten molly's in the past and it was pretty good. However, I ordered it tonight and never received my food. I called and the same girl who answered the first time initially blamed it on me giving her the wrong phone number (I never gave her a number, which I felt was strange considering they generally ask for one). Once it was established that the food was taken to the wrong place she insisted that they would have it delivered to me soon. No apology was offered.  I have now been sitting her for ANOTHER hour! It's a good thing I had some chicken defrosting.
1	What pizza place does not let you order more than one pizza for carryout??? No joke, would not let me put in an order for more than one carryout pizza. Absurd!!
5	The best pizza in Pittsburgh by a landslide. The Pierogi pizza is THE BOMB! And the Ranchero Steak really hits the spot. The pizza place is original with a capital O. Also, the staff are very well mannered and efficient. I've never had to wait over 15 minutes! Hallelujah!!!!!
