3	Finally, a pancake place to fill the gap left by The Original Pancake House after they left the Hilldale area.
3	It's an IHOP. You're not getting five star dining here.But what you will get is friendly, hospitable service with decent (albeit a little overpriced) food.When the server found out I was graduating today, he brought over a free slice of chocolate cake he paid for. I thought it was a really, really sweet gesture and guaranteed my vote to tell people to go there, if nothing else for the good service.
1	No communication, no management, no hospitality, no common sense. A madhouse filled with disappointment. Don't bother with the horrible service. Me and my boyfriend arrived around 1130 sat morning. We were seated immediately. It took quite a while for anyone to great us after that. One lady took our drink order, and left. Another lady tried to take our drink order, but we said someone had already helped us. Lady one came back with our beverages, as lady two showed up at our table again. With drinks in front of us, she looked us dead in the eyes and asked us what we would like to drink. We both looked at her surprised, but she shook it off as an accident, so I gave her the benefit of the doubt. After two rounds of refills were consumed, the waitress told us our food was coming right out. Another 30 mins later, four people had been seated afterwards, and they had all gotten their orders, and we had still yet to have ours. We left, without eating, ignored, and dissatisfied. I don't recommend that place to anyone.
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible.  We were seated right away, but then another 10 minutes passed before someone came over to take our order.  The waitress said she was busy training someone.  I just LOVE excuses.  There were only about 5 or 6 other tables with customers.  I ordered the Jack, Cheddar and Bacon Potatoes while my wife ordered the Simple & Fit Whole Wheat Waffle with Blueberries.  Over a half hour later our food arrived.  Seriously.  A half hour.  The server places the plates down and says, "Can I get you anything else?"  I look down at my plate and see he didn't even bring out the pancakes that come with my meal.  I told him I was missing them and he went to retrieve them.  He comes back and sets them down and says, "Anything else?"  By this time, I'm getting cranky.  I said, "Yeah, maple syrup would be nice."  He goes and gets it.  We dig in.  My eggs weren't over easy, they were scrambled, but I'm done complaining at this point and just want to eat and leave.  The eggs were cold.  The pancakes were cold.  My wife's waffle, blueberries and eggs were cold.  The only thing that was warm were my potatoes.  I am assuming they waited to bring everything out until the potatoes were done.  I finished my drink, ate the rest of the food and waited.  Nobody stopped by the ENTIRE time after we were served the food.  We went to the front counter to pay (nobody brought us a check).  My wife mentioned to the cashier that our meal was basically a disaster.  We were told that we should have said something during the meal.  I told her, "Nobody stopped by the entire time we were eating so I'm not sure who we should have told".  I mean, the empty glass of soda should have given them a clue that they should stop by.  I'm not going to chase down a waitress to get service.  That's not why I go into a sit-down restaurant.  Needless to say, they did not get any tip whatsoever.  I will say this: the Jack, Cheddar and Bacon Potatoes were actually good.  Everything else was terrible.  Never going back there.  The other reviewer was right - just go down to Perkins about a mile down the road if you have a craving for this type of food.
3	It's IHOP - I have eaten once at this location but have ordered take out  for breakfast many times.  Breakfast is breakfast not bad if you don't want to cook.  Take out orders are packed in nice take out trays.Today I picked up dinner. Ordered basic cheeseburger with fries for my sweetie and I had the BLT with onion rings.Side of loaded baked potato soup Here's our take:I live on the Isthmus so I had a hot/cold bag to keep the dishes warm. Worked - plates arrived warm/hot.  Cheeseburger wasn't bad, fries average. BLT wasn't too bad, onion rings were really good .  Bakes potato soup - blah! yuk! will never order that again.Service - hostess was nice as always. I phoned in the order.  Was told it would take about 10 minutes, waited 15/20 with I got there.  Will be taking this location into consideration if I pick up breakfast of dinner again.
3	It is what it is-- sorta like a Dennys but centered on pancakes!  Went with my kid and his friend after Crazylegs on a late Saturday morning and of course it fit the bill for them.  Not very busy, friendly service (both our waitress and the manager).  Mediocre coffee but they stick a whole pot on the table so you're good to go.  Had some whole grain w/ nuts pancakes that were pretty good.  Not sure when my scrambled eggs were cooked though or if they were just waaay overcooked.  But since it was after an 8k I ate them, so I guess they weren't that bad.If you're looking for a quick, easy, and relatively cheap place to take the kids for breakfast you can't go wrong.  Not sure why you would go here for anything else.
4	"Reached in his pocket took all his cashLeft my man standing with an egg moustacheSuckers they come a dime a dozenAnd when I say dozen you know what I'm talking about boyee"- "Egg Man" by the Beastie BoysI read a lot of IHOP hate in the reviews.  Based on my numerous visits for a fast, cheap and calorie-laden breakfast, I respectfully disagree.  The service is solid.  I never had to wait long to get seated and waitresses (not being sexist, just never had a waiter there) have always made their first visit within 2-3 minutes regardless of how busy the restaurant is (it's usually pretty busy).Breakfast is always great.  I would NEVER consider going to IHOP for any meal that did not involve eggs and/or pancakes.  It just doesn't make any sense. They have a wide variety of omelets.  Since I am taking an egg beater to my calorie counter, I go for the Colorado Omelet. It is loaded with bacon, sausage, shredded beef, ham, onions and green peppers and cheddar.  For reasons unknown to me, I checked the nutritional information... YIKESTotal Calories: 1110 Calories from Fat: 730Cholesterol: 910mgAdd three pancakes and syrup to that -- it's a day's worth of calories.  *Segue Alert*The pancakes... YES!I've had the following:- Buttermilk- Chocolate Chip- Red Velvet- Cinn-A-Stack- Pumpkin Spice (seasonal)Yesterday was my 1st pumpkin spice adventure.  I was concerned that the pancake would be overwhelmed with "pumpkin spice" and it would taste like potpourri was dumped into the pancake batter.  It was not the case at all.  IHOP did it perfectly.  There was a pumpkin flavor and the spice was subtle and incredibly flavorful with the spiced whipped cream and a syrup.  It was my favorite pancake I had there.  Even though I was completely stuffed after the omelet, I HAD to completely stuff down the rest of the pumpkin deliciousness! My other experiences with their pancakes were nearly as good except for red velvet and Cinn-A-Stack.  The red velvet was okay, but it was a little drier and less conducive to syrup because of the cocoa in the batter.  The 1st bite of a Cinn-A-Stack is amazing with the whip cream, cream cheese icing and cinnamon roll filling, but it is TOO d%^& sweet and heavy after more than a couple bites -- it's so heavy and sweet it gets nauseating very quickly.With all that aside, enjoy IHOP and appreciate it for what it is... a semi-busy budget breakfast chain with fun and delicious pancakes plus good omelets. The service and consistency of this location is better than most IHOP locations I've dined.
4	This IHop is actually fairly decent and I don't see why it gets so many negative reviews. My wife and I came here one Sunday and it was jam packed full and the wait was about 10-15 minutes. Anyways, we waited and were seated promptly. It is a little bit small in terms of space, but overall the service and food were excellent. The manager even came by to chat with us on how the food was and we also explained to him that it was great and everything was going well. There must be quite a few people who come here often simply because there were numerous tables who were excited to see our waitress and chatted with her.
4	I dislike chains, but its 1am on a Thursday night. After a horrible night I needed some good old fashion comfort food. Place clean, no wait, waitress on the ball with refills. Went with the tooty fruity breakfast platter. YUMMO. I feel full and ready for bed and to wake up in better mood thanks to my fabulous waitress.
2	Pretty brutal service as far as IHOPs go. You can usually depend on an IHOP for a very quick, decent meal. The service here was terrible. The server only had 3 tables, and she was openly complaining about how busy she was. She spilled coffee all over our table, and didn't clean it up. It took her about an hour to enter our order.  Drink refills were next to impossible to come by. Our friends showed up after we were seated (at a separate table), and they ordered, ate, and left before our food showed up. A two hour meal is somewhat unheard of at these places. I'd say it was really the server that caused the issue. Food was the same as you would expect at any IHOP, consistent.
1	5 tables seated and were asked to wait!Table was never washed! Cafe mocha tastes like warm water. Cup has run all over. What a mess. We'll see about the food.  Bacon, eggs and hash browns all cooked to perfection. Coffee grounds in the bottom of my cup.
2	Okay, normally I don't like to give bad reviews.  Really I don't.  However, I can't let today slide.  I've been to this IHOP a few times in the past and never had an issue.  Today was different.The young lady who waited on me was nice enough at first but it became obvious before long that she was disorganized and forgetful.  I ordered pancakes and coffee.  Did not see her again until she sat my plate of pancakes down and NO coffee.  When I mentioned the coffee, she apologized and ran off before I could get the chance to tell her she forgot the syrup too!  She had to make another trip to my table.  The manager came by; this was my opportunity to let her know I was not exactly pleased.  There was an assurance she would speak to the server.  Which is fine...but...the manager should have waited until after I left.  The server did not follow up with me during the whole time I ate.  And when the server did come back, it was only to drop off the bill and run off.  I could feel the chill in the air as she whisked herself away.Now, what about the food?  The pancakes were dry and tasteless, and the bananas were a bit hard.  Coffee was good.Will I go back to this IHOP?  Uncertain at this point.  As far as chain restaurants are concerned, Perkins is better.  To be honest though, I much prefer giving my money to local establishments versus national chains.
2	The server was very nice, but the service was terribly slow when it wasn't all that busy. They also did not warn me that adding onions and cheese to my hash browns would cost $2 for hardly anything. It was absurd. I feel cheated. They asked if i wanted them as though they were included. I don't intend to return.
