5	Life is a Cabaret, old chum.....You may come out singing "life is a cabernet savignon" after throwing back a couple here because, yay, you can drink and eat and eat and drink!I encourage anyone who loves musical theater (or anyone who just likes to eat and drink in a fun environment) to give this place a try!  It's one of my favorite venue's to see a show because it's a whole experience.  There's not a bad seat in the house because it only holds about 200 tables.  Plus they have VIP seating in the front, which provides you with some comfy sofa's to sit on.I'm very excited to see a new caterer come in since the companion restaurant closed next door.  I wasn't too thrilled with the food selections...I really don't know how you make Pizza bad...but they somehow did.  I loved The Big Bang and I Love You, You're Perfect, Now Change.  They honestly do a fantastic job casting the shows.  I have my own personal favorites, it's my own personal fan club of one!Keep in mind there's discounts if you work for certain corporations, you're a student or you come a in group.  Everyone loves a discount!  Go see something so you can stop singing the same Cabaret lyrics over and over again every time you think of the place!
4	Jazz hands up!!I cannot deny myself the sudden urges I have to break out into song and dance.  That's just the musical theater geek in me!  The CLO reminds me of all the reasons I got into theater in the first place.  For the joy of it!You can tell that they take their time with the casting.  And they may bring in some Dancing with the Stars type celebrities for their shows (Joey Fatone in Producers = FANTASTIC) but the real talent lies in the local pool.  It's an amazing thing to have so many local theaters and still snag the some of the most talented in the city.  I really think the CLO does that.  It's not just the acting, it's the singing as well, with some power house vocals.  And to my surprise, It's also the dancing!  Honestly, the dancing really blows me away.  They don't skimp on some box step stragglers...they hire the triple threats.  Fo sho!The one and only complaint I have, which is completely on a preference level is that I'm not a fan of all the show choices.  Was I ecstatic when Into the Woods (my all time fav Broadway show EVER) came?  YES!  Did I see it twice it was that good?  HECK YES!  I hate the show The Producers, but the talent, again fantastic.  Did I think Mame went WAY too long and el boro?  YES!  But it's a fact that in life you're not going to like everything.  I may have been sitting by someone who was thrilled to be there for 3 hours watching that old dame strut her stuff.  So I will continue to raise my jazz hands high year after year here because I'm proud of all those talented Pittsburgh peeps!
4	Cards on the table: I had my first experience at the Cabaret for the Yelp Culture Club viewing of "Defending the Caveman."  This means my tickets, food, and drink were free, FYI.  However, I'm reviewing the venue as if I paid...After walking around the venue before and after the show, there really doesn't seem to be a bad table in the house.  Each table seats four, which means half of the table's occupants will have their backs to the stage, so some chair shifting does have to happen for everyone to see.  The cabaret made the show feel more causal, light, and vibrant than a theater would have.For food, we had a cheese and fruit plate.  Anyone who knows me knows that cheese is one of my major food groups...So while the green grapes were a little brown, the blue cheese was excellent enough to make up for that.  My only note on this would be regarding the presentation: there was no cheese knife included.On to the downside.  Our server was terrible and is the one thing keeping this from being a 5-star review.  My friend ordered her first martini, and the server got very snippy when she had no clue about what type of gin she wanted.  Then, after 20 minutes of waiting for our drinks, the show was about to start, so I tried to get our server's attention to ask about our drinks...but he purposefully avoided eye contact and turned his back.  He came by after 30 minutes (after the show had started) to see if we needed anything else.  I said that we just needed our drinks.  He said they were on the way, and said so rudely.  He came back 10 minutes later with the drinks for the total of a 40 minute wait.The drinks were also horribly mixed.  I ordered a cosmo because I felt like a fruitier drink.  But all I could taste was the Ketel One.  A good pour is appreciated in a vodka tonic, but not so much when I ordered a cosmo because I had to work at 9am the next morning.  My friend said her martini was also too strong.Overall, I enjoyed the show and the venue.  I would definitely go again and hope to have a better server next time.TIP: The bar area is located in the front room and going directly to the bar is the fastest way to get your drinks.  Less than a 10 minutes wait.PARKING TIP: The garage next to the Cabaret is $7 flat at night.  If you're willing to walk a few blocks, there are several free street parking options if you drive around for a few minutes.  Or bus it for $2.25 (at your own risk).
5	I had an incredible night here. My wife and I were "guests", meaning we had our ticket, food, and drink paid for. This was really nice as we have  a 7 month old at home (amazing how fast they can burn through clothes).However, I have to focus on the actual venue and production. I can honestly say that my wife and I had a blast. We thoroughly enjoyed the topic, the performer, the view from our seats, and the food was very simple and tasty. We encouraged many family and friends to go (some did and were equally impressed) which speaks to the impact the evening made on us. I now keep my eye on what is happening at the CLO and look forward to returning soon.Highly Recommend.
5	I have seen quite a few shows here, and every one was a great time. Forever Plaid, Ruthless!, Dixie's Tupperware Party, Forbidden Broadway, to name a few. Always professional and enjoyable. You can order food and/or drink, or just enjoy the show. One recommendation: if you are "height-challenged," sit in one of the elevated rows in the back, because the main floor is not sloped.
5	We came here to see the play "You say Tomato I Say Shut Up!" and what fun we had! The stage is visible from any seat, the waitress was never too far and the food was satisfying. We really had a great time and enjoyed watching a play while eating and drinking. Great time and we can't wait to come back for another show.
5	I have been to the CLO Cabaret for several shows and for salsa dancing and have had a great experience every single time.  I love live theater and the CLO offers a fun and unique alternative way to enjoy that experience.  The seating is set up in such a way that there is not a bad seat in the house.  Along the sides you are seated in high bar tables, the middle section is typical table seating and the back of the house is raised on a platform to allow for easier viewing.Most of the shows at CLO are small ensemble casts or only one or two actors.  The way the room is set up, you feel like you know them by the end of the show.  The quality of the productions is fantastic.  I've seen both plays and musicals and the acting, staging and sets have been great for both.  It is amazing what can be done through simple stage sets and props to bring the show to life.  The only down side is that drinks are on the pricey side ($8-9 for a class of wine, $10+ for a mixed drink).  However, you are paying for the convenience of drinking while enjoying a show and the drink prices are pretty comparable to some of the other bars in the cultural district.  I look forward to my next visit to CLO.
5	A great, intimate setting to see some local theatre! I went to a performance of Plaid Tidings and really enjoyed the show. You sit at tables rather than the usual side-by-side audience seating and can order drinks and food before/during the show.They have a small bar which seemed to get quite overwhelmed during intermission. We had to wait a while to get a drink, but there were a lot of people there all at once, so that is bound to happen.The ushers and other staff were all very polite. I was also impressed by some of their past shows they had displayed on the wall and would definitely go back for another show!
4	Going to try and keep this review just to the theater. With that said let's get the show part out of the way first. Bry and I saw Judge Jackie Justice as part of a yelp elite event. I am still finding myself humming "Judge Jackie Justice". This show is full of Pittsburgh related jokes most of which I got even though I've only lived here a short time. The actors are so very talented and I loved the participation from the audience. The theater itself was a bit difficulty for me to fine but that's because in not very familiar with the city. Walking in there is a nice little bar area. The bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable about the wines they have. After getting a glass of cab we proceeded into the theater and were ushered to our table. The tables are just a little small but not by much. We had a cheese and bread plate that was very yummy. My favorite was the jam. It was sweet and tart and just really good. Bry also ordered there crab cake sliders he said they were Pittsburghed with slaw on them. I don't eat shellfish so can't say if they were good or not. The chairs aren't the most comfortable and I did switch positions a few times to try and get more comfortable. Overall this is a great place to see a show. It's not too big so you still feel part if the performance. The staff is friendly and the plate we had of snacks was really great. Will be keeping an eye out for upcoming shows.
4	We visited the CLO for the first time this last week.  I was very impressed with the facilities.  I really like the set up with the tables, reminds me a little of the Improv design, except those tables were entirely too small for four people to actually eat at, so good thing we were just nibbling on the yummy Yelp snacks.  I can't say enough about the show we saw, Judge Jackie Justice.  I would go see this show again in the future it was that good and the CLO seemed to accommodate the backdrop for the show perfectly.  The staff seemed very professional but also extremely on the slow side.  We ordered some drinks right when we got there and we were 30 minutes early for the show.  Well the drinks showed up about two minutes before the show and not all at the same time.  I got mine while my H was still waiting for his.  30 minutes is really excessive to wait for a drink, and they weren't cheap so please don't make me wait so long to wet my whistle.  Continued with the slower service the waiters waited until the end to hand out checks.  I guess this was ok, but it seems like they should have handed those out 15-20 minutes before the show was over so people could square up and leave when the show was over, not wait for 15-20 minutes more to give your check with payment to the server so they can charge you.  We thought we could go out to the bar and pay there.  Well we were wrong.  I actually ended up ordering another drink finished it and paid for that one at the bar before our waiter came to collect our tab.  I think in the future my best bet maybe to just pay cash or order at the bar to begin with.  Otherwise loved the place and look forward to coming back to see another great show!
4	I happened upon this place for an elite event.  Would I go back...yes!   Would I be glad that I now know these little tidbits...yes!-  They serve food before the event...all of it looked good and the prices were pretty average.  -  They serve drinks at the bar out front and also provide table service; BUT when the show starts, the table service stops.   So if you want to drink later in the show, you need to plan ahead or get up and go to the bar.    -  Some of the seats are tables and some are rows.   The tables are pretty nice.   I liked the raised platform area, but those chairs lacked arms that the ones on the floor had.   I think I'd go with the raised bar tables on each side next time.   -  They bring around the checks after the show.  If you don't want to wait forever, ask for the check early (before the show) or bring cash.  Four stars instead of five because the will call staff was really rude.   I won free tickets (plural) or so I thought.   When I went to will call, there was only one ticket.   I asked about it, but she was super unhelpful.   I ended up having to buy another ticket, which was at a different table, because she wouldn't move my comped ticket.   Lesson of the day...skip the will call window.
