5	This is the perfect spot to go and relax while getting a mani/pedi. The nail technicians are not over bearing here which I love.. they don't push any extra scrubs or rubs or flowers & designs. You simply tell them what you would like when you sit down and they get to work. The massage chairs have all the right settings and you can recline to almost a horizontal position if you'd really like some R&R. I'll definitely be back.
1	I've been getting my eyebrows waxed since I was 16. I went here because I just moved in the area and my normal salon is really out of the way. It was the most painful and rushed wax I ever had and they came out horrible. I will definitely never come here again I will gladly drive 45 minutes out of my way to my normal nail shop.
4	I've been going to Darian's for a while. I get my nails done every 2 weeks or so. Lynn and Kim are amazing. They do very good work and I always leave loving my fill. They also add nail designs if requested and offer glitter and color acrylics. Love this place. Average fill is about 20, back fills are about 40-45
5	Always very friendly and quick service. Even without an appointment they never make the wait very long.
5	This place is amazing! I come every two weeks. Everyone is always so friendly not only to me, but to my kids who I bring with me. Come see my girl Halo! She's so creative and does fabulous work! You won't be sorry.
5	If you love creativity, this is the place to go! Everyone is always very friendly and make you feel welcome. Prices are reasonable.
4	I have been coming here every month for 5 years to see the same technician. I would never go anywhere else.
5	I used to live close but now I am about 12 miles away and there are 100 nail salons closer but I drive to this one. I love it here. My mom and I always go together when she is here for the snowbird season. Prices are great and so is the service. No matter who does my nails, they are fantastic. Their pedicures cannot be beat! They got new chairs and the massage on them is good and when you get the #6 pedi, when they say extra long massage they mean it! Other places totally short you in this but not Darian's. Halo, Kim, Lynn I mean anyone you get is so good! This is my happy place!
