4	A small neighborhood Japanese "bistro" if you can even say that :)I was taken there by a local friend who lives nearby and she swore it is one of the best Japanese places around. boy was she right!The place itself is very casual looking, more like a friendly neighborhood coffee shop and not like a sushi-bar. don't expect anything fancy or even close to the average modern sushi place.The menu is very basic Japanese food, nothing special here. what was special was the quality. we had Agadashi Tofu that was really good and hearty, then we had a sushi and sashimi combo with some excellent ahi tuna, fatty salmon, scallop, shrimp and yellow tail selections. super fresh and melts in your mouth. green tea is of course on the house throughout the meal.bottom line: expected nothing, and got surprised. for it's style it's definitely a place worth going to.
5	Quality of seafood deserves 7 starts.I tried raw scallop (sashimi), so delicious.Service is great.The kitchen closes rather early (9pm? 930pm), but the service is still great.The rare Japanese restaurant, run by Japanese, and most of people there (including customers) communicate in Japanese. BEST SEAFOOD
3	My husband and I were visiting Montreal and looking for excellent sushi. We were drawn to the simplicity of Furusato, hoping for a satisfying meal of quality, "no-frills" sushi. The restaurant itself is cozy, well-lit and clean and the service is extremely friendly. However, we did wait nearly 1.5 hours from being seated to actually being served our sushi. The fish itself is good, but the rolls were made with a disproportionately thick rim of rice.This seems like a nice neighborhood fixture, but not necessarily a place you'd go out of your way to visit.
5	Best sushi in town, hands down
2	I did not enjoy this sushi restaurant. At first we came without a reservation, when they sent us away. I started to make a call to another restaurant, when I was about to leave they came running after us saying there was space now...We set down and ordered an appetizer, which took 10 minutes for my salad and 25 minutes for my friends soup. Then came our sushi order where they forgot 3 sushi orders. We had to tell them 3 times before we got the other sushi.   Prices are very good, the quality isn't the best thing ever, but in the end we had a good meal. The restaurant is really small less the 20 tables - 2people/table.
5	The best black sesame ice cream I have ever had. THE.BEST. Made or bought, I'm not sure; I was preparing myself for a regular scoop of ice cream that resembled Oreo ice cream with a hint of smokeyness and sesame taste. My friend and I were both surprised when the waitress set down our bowls and we both said to each other in unison, "IT'S BLACK!". I don't know where it's from, but I'm on a mission to find out, the absolute best I've ever had.
4	A nice recommendation from a coworker that lives in Montreal.  It is small restaurant that is slightly below ground level with no real signage. We walked right by it the first time.  The restaurant is operated by Japanese speaking staff and chefs which is a good sign.  We had the soft shell crab and agadashi tofu for an appetizer, my wife could not get enough.  For the main course we ordered up some sashimi and some maki rolls, the sashimi was fresh and perfectly cut but the maki rolls were a little disappointing.  The saki selection was lacking but the green tea was amazing.  Overall I loved the experience, definitely should make a reservation.  We were lucky and they were kind enough to let us sit up at the bar, which I don't think they use very much.
5	This is in my humble opinion, the best place to get fair, fresh, delicious and simple sushi. The Sashimi is exquisite and always, ALWAYS fresh. The Nigiri Sushi are outstanding and always perfectly seasoned. The service is always made with a smile, and the ambiance, although it gets loud when full (it is a bistro, after all) is always fun and relaxed. Good beer, good sake as well.
4	This pace is expensive but they back it up with quality in food and service.I highly recommended  reserving your table before as its usually packed.
5	Fresh and high quality sushi. Delicious and authentic Japanese dishes. Extremely polite and respectful personnel. I have loved everything that I've tried in this place. So, be confident with the menu and I'm sure you will have a great meal no matter what you order.Tips: Make a reservation in advance since.
4	Service was good - friendly, attentive, prompt. A little pricey, but worth it. Fish was fresh. Salmon was slightly overcooked but tasty. Sushi rolls were wonderful. Tasty salad.
3	unpretentious decor; almost on the dingy side. Very friendly and sweet staff. The food was a mixed bag. Was not happy with the sushi rice, which was not seasoned well and slightly dry. Overall a decent dinner, though slightly on the expensive side for what you're getting.
4	Came here in May 2012 and had a seafood and vegetable hotpot. At first I was not too impressed, but the amount of fresh seafood was nice. Near the end of the hotpot, the soup had absorbed so much of the seafood's umami that it became amazing. I'm not sure if I did it correctly, but the seafood was thus slightly bland.
4	Great little restaurant, downstairs from the street. Old skool Japanese food served by extremely friendly waitresses. We had grilled yellow tail, egg custard with pieces of fish (special!) and beef tofu soup. The black sesame ice cream for desert was divine. Highly recommended. Only thing was we got the check when not finished yet, because the tables are used more times.
5	I went there due to the good reviews I saw over the internet. Most of it is true. I went without a reservation on a Saturday night around 8:30pm. Nearly full but we had a spot. Service was good but I guess the kitchen was overloaded because it took a while to get our food. So I guess you have to be ready for this... drinking you free tea.The food was just amazing and I am delighted to have find that place nearby. It is really good. I saw the other reviews... I will definitely go back and will update if I experience something bad (forgotten order, etc...).
5	This is, i believe, the best Japanese restaurant in Montreal. The sushi is fresh and prepared with love. The sukiyaki for 2 tastes amazing too ! Better get a reservation !! The waitresses are very caring even though most of them do not speak french and sometimes poor english... Anna is the best waitress and also works in the kitchen. If you go there every once in a while, they give you gifts everytime ! The sushi chef remembers your favorite pieces of sushi...!!!
2	The quality of sushi was excellent.  That was the only good thing about this place.  There is no reason on this earth that it should take over 45 min to get 2 rolls and I nigiri.   Terrible service.  Nearly walked out.  Also a bit noisy.
5	Really high quality fish. Some of the best sushi I've had in a long time.
4	Walked in to order takeout about 20 min before closing and was welcomed with a smile... good start ;)  Cute and simple little place seems family owned. Not very busy but then again it was a Tuesday night. Came out 15 min later with a mix of delicious nigiri, sashimi and maki. Reasonably priced, 30$ for 19 pieces. Will definitely go back.
5	What a great sushi place....The portions were more than satisfying and the service was quick.The food was very fresh and the menu wHad a large selection to choose from.When traveling out of your normal sushi range, it's always a cap shoot....I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great sushi experience.
2	After searching up the best Japanese/sushi restaurant in Montreal (and since Kazu was closed) Bistro Japonais Furusato came up. Seeing so many good reviews on Yelp, I was excited to try it for dinner since me and my boyfriend were visiting from Toronto. Boy do I wished we just stopped by any other AYCE sushi places around our hotel.For $30, we got the 19 piece sushi and sashimi. After a half an hour wait (with only 4 other customers in the restaurant) the dish that came out was something you can get for half that price in Toronto with better quality. Honestly, this place was such a disappointment. Everything else was up to par; the ambiance was nice and there's even a corner with Japanese magazines you can browse while waiting for your food (expect to be). The servers were authentic Japanese and we're really nice as well. They weren't as attentive as I would like them to be, but that's okay. The food not only took long, but was about AYCE quality except much more expensive. I don't understand why it has so many 5 star reviews; I've experienced much better places in Toronto. I was expected to see aburi but was also disappointed. The price range is also more of $$$ than $$. Just letting you guys know.
2	This is a below street level tiny restaurant, and most of the tables had reserved labels on there.  I suppose we were lucky to have gotten a table there.Anyway, service was good.  We were seated quickly, our orders taken, and they kept our water filled.However, the restaurant is hot and uncomfortable.  I don't know if they have air conditioning or chose not to run the air conditioning.  But if I'm going to eat raw fish, I'd like the place to feel like a refrigerator, not a swamp.  So the eating experience was really dampened by the general discomfort I had sitting in the restaurant.I ordered the sushi/sashimi sampler, a large platter with lots of very well prepared sushi.  I had never tried raw scallops before.  I have to say, though slightly slimier than I was expecting, raw scallops are very sweet.  I was surprised.  The octopus tasted wet.  Almost rehydrated.  The rest of the fish was good.  Mackerel was very fishy though.  My kids had some rolls, which they gobbled down because they were hungry.  Not sure if they even tasted it.In any case, the sushi itself was average.  The dining experience was not--it was below average.  So for that, I give the dreaded two stars.
4	Not being a big fan of dynamite rolls with tempura flakes, I was looking to find a restaurant that serves fresh fish and authentic Japanese dishes and here we are!I love the place; nothing fancy, very ordinary but clean, small but cute and cozy. The fish is extremely fresh you can taste them even sweet (no fish odor at all). Katsudon was very tasty also, will definetely return to try more.
1	Waited more than an hour and a half for 19 pieces of sushi and sashimi while everyone around us got their food (rolls, sushi, sashimi) AND we arrived earlier than those around us. Unacceptable waiting times and their explanation was they were busy with other orders and take out... But we got there BEFORE everyone else!! Food mediocre, nothing great, would NOT return.
5	Stumbled upon it on a visit to Montreal. Small place. Friendly Japanese staff. The sushi was absolutely melt in your mouth good, fish was fresh, rolls well constructed. Wasn't cheap but quality was good. Didn't sample a huge amount of the menu because I was on my own, but I would return here.
5	This is the place to go for fresh, delicious sashimi. I agree with other reviewers that the menu feels overpriced -- with the exception of the sashimi platter. The platter comes with miso soup, rice, and 2-3 pieces each of salmon, tuna, octopus, sole, scallop, yellowtail and mackerel (19 pieces in total) for $37. If you're a fan of sashimi, I don't see how you can choose anything but this platter. Usually when hubby and I go, he gets the platter, I'll get a couple appetizers, and we share. Total comes out to about 50 pre-tax (no drinks) and we leave happy, stuffed, and most importantly, not worried about suffering from food poisoning. Because seriously -- is it worth it to spend $20 pp on a dodgy sushi buffet so that you can "eat your money's worth" of sushi only to suffer the consequences later? Not for me.
