4	Unfortunately, my Avondale around-the-corner location closed down, so this is my new location. It recently opened (end of 2008) and is located in the Park West shopping complex at the 101 and Northern, just west of the 101. All of the WineStyles have the same concept - see my review for the Avondale location if you want the complete rundown. This new location has a lot of room, quite a few high tops, and a decent-sized bar in the back. I was here recently for their $5 wine tastings on a Saturday afternoon and had a nice time. The selections were very nice and they gave out a printed sheet with names and descriptions of the tastings. I didn't leave with a bottle this visit, but I'm a WineStyles fan so I will definitely be back. If you get on their email list, you'll be in the know about the many events they do including wine tastings, dinner events, bunco, and much more. Drink up!
5	winestlyes... such a unique concept of finding wines by style if you're not too sure what kind or label you like.  the shop does a good job picking more of the boutique fine wines versus the too main stream wines that are all over the groccery stores. very kind and knowledgeable owners. relaxing atmosphere, fun wine tastings and great prices.  there's a free coupon you can print for membership and save $10 when you spend $50.http://www.the-penny-pinchers.com http://www.the-penny-pinchers.com/Category.aspx?srchcity=city&srchstore=winestyles&srchzip=zip
1	Horrible experience! We went here because we heard they had free wine tasting from a couple of friends and we thought we could try a few new ones out since we were from Napa valley and love wine our selfs. Well we got treated like we were there to steal stuff. We asked the person in the store if we could try the free taste of wine selections, they said they would go in back and see what bottles they had free to open, we said OK. The person comes back out and asked us if we were going to buy anything and the free wine tasting was only for buying customers. WE were SHOCKED being that this was starting to feel like a bait and buy situation now!! We said we were not sure because we wanted to taste some wines . So we got denied a free wine tasting even though they had a sign up saying they had it and then we were told we had to buy to get free wine..Really? I am from wine country and know how things should be run and this places gets a big zero on customer satisfaction and there wines were also over priced compared to many other retail stores I have been to and also winery's. I hope they change things.
5	We go a few times a month for their Tuesday wine tastings. Have a tasting buy a bottle of wine an get food from one off the places in parkewest. Their wine club is a great value. 2 bottles of wine a month, free tastings on Tuesdays and 1/2 off on Friday and Saturdays.
4	We have been going to the Peoria WineStyles since they opened.  I enjoy the wine tastings (free to members on Tuesday nights!) and the events that they have (bunco, special tastings, food pairings, art shows, etc) but I especially love their wine and their personal service.  Bryan and Tawna are very hands-on owners, and most often you can chat with them while they are working.  Their staff is great, Richard is a stand out, and their selections of wine is decently priced (check out their 6 wines for $60).  I have brought several friends to the store and we really enjoy a nice glass of wine before or after a movie or dinner at Grimaldi's next door.  Great place.  Nice atmosphere.
