4	Party atmosphere and sports bar with a dozen tv's, throw in a massive selection of wing flavors and you have Wild Wings Cafe.I was there with a few friends for St. Patty's Day (night?) and we took up a table for a few hours. The staff was attentive, even if they did manage to mess up the separate checks a little. With $2.75 Killians on special and $1.50 green beer, getting charged for an extra one wasn't a problem. The mixed drinks were mixed pretty strong. Our waiter did manage to split the appetizers for each of us, which was cool.Wings. The house special. They -only- have 33 different flavors, from the bbq to the virgin all the way up to Braveheart. When they say hot, they mean hot. Mix and match, Tuesday is buy 1 get 1 free night. The Chicken Queso dip and the Hot Shots (deep fried sausage & cheese pastry) was great to share.
3	So yes, I realize that I am a Veggie, reviewing a place called Wild Wing Cafe & normally a place like this would rate 2-Stars for having like 2 menu items I could order..... But I knew what we were getting into when we walked in & I knew it would be a challenge to eat here & my coworkers actually CHOSE to take me here after & told them multiple times I was veggie so can't really fault the restaurant..... and the fact you offered anything veggie at all, earns you a happy 3-StarsVeggie options consist of: Fried Mozz Sticks House Salad - but I had to ask they HOLD the bacon bits Baked Potato Coworkers [all nasty carnivores :-) ] are regulars here; they have the frequent diners card; & they looooooove this place Chicken Wraps, Shrimp Skewers & Burgers were the day's choices & they all raved about how delish their lunches were - clean plates aboundAlso passed by a buffet, filled w/ different wing flavors - people all around w/ plates piled-high w/ wings so I can def vouch for the popularity of this meaty cafeMy plain house salad was plain, plain, plain iceberg lettuce but *lots* of cheese so there were def points for that....but maybe a carrot or tomato would have been nice tooBut NO bottled water?!?! What's up w/ THAT?!?! So overall this is good for the "regular" folk who like meat & drink soda or sweet tea but if you're veggie who likes bottled water & are hankering for a sandwich or something other than a plain salad or potato, try elsewhereWe SF people are SO spoiled & picky!
4	Stopped in at the Ayrsly Town Wild Wing Cafe, at the recommendation of the hotel bartender, and prettaaaay prettaaaay prettaaaay pleased.Cheap beer and trivia on Tuesdays, and a buy 12 get 12 deal.  We had the Flamin' Parmesan and the hot, and the Flamin Parm was mmmm mmmm. They were good meaty wings, and the beer kept flowing.  To top off the night, the winning trivia team name was, "my couch pulls out, but I don't"
4	I loved this place. All I had were 2 types of wings, 22oz of beer, a mini hot dog, and some pretzel bites but that's all I needed to put a huge smile on my face. The pretzel bites were soft and buttery and the chicken was bursting with flavor, meaty, and cooked perfectly. The hot dog tasted as you'd expect but with cheese and chili all over the place. With all the great restaurants in the area if I had to recommend one to a friend, I'd pick this place. Also, our waiter was very friendly and helpful and the service was stupid quick.
4	First place I ate in Charlotte and it didn't dissapoint. Got an order of cheese fries that where simply amazing! The bubba BBQ wings where also great.
2	I've been a fan of the Wild Wings in South Charlotte for some time now, but our recent visit to the EpiCenter location has changed my opinion.  Granted, it was late and the food quality was still good, but I could not believe how terrible the service was.  The wait for service was so long we nearly left twice.  A disappointment for sure, but hopefully an anomaly.
4	Good wings, lots of choices on flavor. I had the lemon pepper and the ranchilada, both were tasty.Service has improved here greatly in the last month or so. The bartenders are extremely attentive and friendly and go out of their way to make guests are taken care.The menu is huge, so I would suggest checking WWC out several times to get a grasp on everything they have to offer.If you're looking for a great place to catch the game on Sunday, this would be it.
4	Had a wing sampler at this place. Get choices not too saucey and lots and lots of flavor. Even the kids enjoyed it!!! Thanks for the food Queen City!!!
4	Came in to eat late at night and they had a variety of Buffalo wings. I can't believe there were so many types. I was looking for Buffalo Wild Wings and the hotel had a list of place to eat and I stumble upon this place. Very good wings.
4	Really tasty wings with a variety of flavors if you can get a seat with view of the tvs, a good place to watch some football. Like the wild wings I have been to many, many times in Charleston, it can also get some pretty decent local bands if that's your thing. Just keep this in mind though if you're expecting to be able to talk (or hear) before you go!
1	Ok.. This place....... is junk.  I'm sorry to be so brutal, but there comes a point when you just gotta do something different.  This place has zero uniqueness and creativity.  The food was awful and tasted like frozen dinners.  (I like frozen dinners when I'm staying home and not spending my hard earned dough.)  Wings were baaaaaad.  THIS JUST IN: YOU ARE A WING BAR!!  If your wings are bad, what the heck else are you going to do.  Only shining points were the size of the place and the location.  It is a rather large restaurant right in the Epicentre.  Other than that.. Avoid!! There are 10x cooler places in the Epicentre to go to.. See Mez and McCormicks.  ANYTHING is better that this joint.  Do not Enjoy!-Ian M.
3	Wings, fingers and drinks are great! The other entrees, not so much. Great place to watch the game or catch a few drinks with friends.
3	This is a good place to visit for lunch. I never been to this location before today and was shocked by the size of it when I walked in---it's huge! They have a wing buffet for lunch for $9 or $10 offering wings, tots, mac n cheese, etc. so thats a solid option to get if you are looking for some quick.Their Gold Rush is my favorite flavor (honey bbq with a little spice) and I want to try others but always feel the need to stick with old faithful. I got the Buffarella wrap today and it was fresh, spicy and filling and the name left me feeling extra girly. And they have steak fries, which just rocks. Reasonable prices for lunch but my only gripe was having to flag down our server for our check---being lunch with limited time we had to get back to cubicle land!
2	Second time I've come here, this time with coworkers. The atmosphere is the usual sports bar/rustic hooters vibe. Nothing special, except for a big stage in the middle of the place. Apparently they host bands on weekends. . . Service was ok - we had a large group so it wasn't very fast, but the refills were done well and there wasn't a crazy lag between when we ordered and when the food came. In retrospect, that should have been a tip - no way you can make high-quality product for 20 people in 10 minutes unless the fryolator is in overdrive! Regarding the food - very average. The signature items (wings) are ok, but I've had much better at places like Buffalo Wild Wing, Hooters and Even the ol' Cheeze Moz' pizza place (I miss their coal-fired wings!). The buffalo sauces are very mild, even if you get the very hot ones. . .It's a personal pet peeve, but if it says 'hot' it should be HOT, not less mild. Some friends had the pulled pork sandwich and declared it mediocre at best. I had a salad too (trying to stay healthy) and it was about as vanilla as you can get. Overall, the only advantage of this place is location (EpiCentre). Even then there are better options around - 5 guys for Burgers, Jason's Deli for salad, Blackfinn for wings, etc.
3	After walking all around the stadium to try and find a bar, we decided to head back to the Epicenter. We wanted a couple of drinks before the game since it was so cold and gross outside. We found this place by chance and decided to try it out. We it was beyond packed because of the game, which was fine. All the fans were pretty nice, no fights broke out that I could see. We went to the bar and ordered a couple of beers. $3 bucks a piece with a souvenir cup...not bad. We we found some friends who got a table so we all squeezed in together. The prices of the drinks apparently went up if you were sitting a table because I ordered a Dirty Shirley and an appetizer of Fried Mushrooms and my bill was $15..... I thought it was a little high overall but the food was good. Drinks were just OK... overall, just a good hangout bar atmosphere. Given the day, and the crowds the wait staff was pretty fast and still nice. We didn't have any trouble at all! We even made friends with everyone sitting around us!
2	When I go for wings, I prefer to pretend they're not actually from a chicken. While I'm not a fry-gal, please grill, bake or fry my wings so I am not reminded that it once had skin on it. Well I took my work team here before a Checkers' game since we had some picky kids with us who apparently love Hooters (and I refused to take a work group to Hooters) so I thought this was a good choice. Uck. The wings were so soft that you can see where each feather is plucked out. Blech. The sauces tasted good, but the wings seemed really under done and the meat in the middle was oddly chewy. I definitely prefer wings at Quaker Steak and Lube, Lebowski's or even Burger Co.  Odd.As for the rest of the crew, DH went for the healthy option and got a grilled chicken breast on rice and that poor thing got the most anemic looking meal ever and it was tiny. As soon as I saw it I knew he would be hungry. Luckily the dad in the group who brought his Hooters-loving sons got a massive platter of wings, grilled "feathers" and tenders so there was lots leftover DH could munch on. Apparently the breaded  tenders were a massive hit and were quite good (and why it wasn't a 1-star review).As for service, we had to ask if we could place an order and when the server came back to do so, he literally said "Whaddya want?"  I think he was irritated that he was wearing coveralls and a cowboy hat for country weekend. Anyway he warmed up very slightly during the meal, but it was definitely evident he did not want to be there, which made us not want to either.
2	The wings are much better at DD Peckers or Moosehead.  The wings here are just boring!  Boring Boring Boring!  The sandwiches are 'eh'.  Luckily they get good bands that come through and the service is actually pretty good otherwise who would come here?  It is a great place to watch any game, tons of tvs and good beer specials!  But I judge a lot on food...sorry WW Cafe!  Lucky for you you are in a good location because there are MUCH better options!
3	I have been in here a few times now, and have not had a bad experience yet. This is a typical WWC, same decor as all of the other locations. The wings are very good, and they have a better beer selection than the WWC in Ayrsley. Not much else to say, very typical for a chain wing place; lots of TV's, sports bar feel, and lots of "interesting" decor on the walls. All in all not bad. Definitely worth checking out if you happen to be in the Epicentre.
3	My chicken sandwich was great, they seated 9 of us with 3 kids happily and the loud atmosphere drowned out any noise they were making. Not a classy joint, but hey.
4	Good and big wings, house made sauces and dressings.  I really do love Wild Wing, but I can't really 5 star a wing joint.  Only bad thing is service is questionable on the weekends.
3	my first charlotte review....me and th came down to check out my new pad and working area and we were in the mood for some wings and burr..so we hit up what was closest and this was the place...i had the garlic garlic garlic, fajita something, and bbq sauce...horrible descriptions i know....but i was satisfied with the meal and the wings came out fresh out the fryer and were plump...my friend told me he likes the flats...i asked whats flats and its the one thats not the mini drum stick....WHO KNEW
3	Hit or miss
4	The food here is pretty good.  Wings are above average with some flavors that are awesome (Slayer, jalepeno chedder) and some that are unremarkable. Other menu items are excellent.  I recommend trying the LA Toaster sandwich at least once.  The wing bar is hit or miss--more often than not the wing bar is out of wings and you have to wait several minutes for a refill (which usually is short lived as the people waiting swoop in to grab the wings).Service has gotten better.  I don't know if they got rid of the some of the problem employees or they quit, but I've noticed the servers that seem to have been the worst are now gone.  That's not to say there aren't bad servers there--but it's ALOT better than it was a few months ago.  During the lunch rush there does seem to be too much socializing at the host station--but whatever--overall service is decent.Complaints: I have really revolve around the constant self-promotion over the muzak.  I'm already here, I don't need to hear the commerical every 5 minutes.  Second, there could be better training at the host station.  There is no reason that people should be waiting to be seated when it is obvious there are numerous tables open.Bottom line: Definately a great place to eat.  Just don't expect quick service or something spectacular.  Of course, if you go to WWC expecting a Blackfinn enviroment--then you are the problem...not the resturant.
3	Like the location.... needs improvement as far as service goes.  This is pretty much your typical Wild Wing Cafe... just located in the Epicenter - bigger... but not necessarily better.  The wings I had were ok, but I was pretty super hungry that day and also we were downing some cheap draft beers while watching Sunday afternoon football.Was expecting there to be more people and a better atmosphere for football, but it was okay.  Seeing how it wasn't that busy, it was really hard to get our waitress' attention in getting what we wanted ordered.The TV's were also all positioned everywhere... and we got a weird table so we spent most of our time careening our necks to see certain games.  I like how some sports bars make it easy to see EVERY game.
2	Wasn't really impressed... Have nothing really to say. I wasn't impressed on this day. It may be a great place, but my experience wasn't great. I will say the wings were good, but I could get good wings from several places.
4	Back again and just as good. I was in Uptown and felt like watching the Panthers game, so my feet took me to the Wild Wing. Free wifi, so I hooked up my laptop to the convenient power outlet and spent three hours drinking a couple of beers and dredging my way through a plate of chips and queso. No wings today because I didn't want to get grease on the keyboard.Still a great place to get a beer and some wings. And on an NFL big day like today, lots of TV's tuned in to each of the games. And the best part - the Panthers won! Woo!
4	I like wings.We stopped in here before a concert and had a pretty good experience. They had a great selection of wings on the menu as well as other items. I had the Gold Rush and the Wild West (marinated in ranch, not saucy). The Wild West were a nice twist from the usual flavors. This place is much better than a Buffalo Wild Wings. We sat at the bar to get faster service and were well taken care of. Our waitress disappeared for a few minute before we ordered, but the other staffed picked up for her. The server spilled some ranch when he brought our order out, but he was quick to apologize and bring more.My wife had a flatbread and salad, but wasn't a huge fan of the first. She did enjoy the salad though. She did steal a few wings and liked those.Not a bad place to eat if you are in the epicentre area and looking for a casual,affordable and tasty meal.
5	BEST bartender in the Carolinas ! TODD at the bar... LOVE him.. My long lost boo took me here on our first date .... We sat at the bar and had Todd whip up one of my fav drinks that I frequent out west... a Snakebite... He made those for me all nite.. and asked if I was sure that I really liked them.. IT was enuf to make us come back EVERY nite to pregame when I am in Charlotte with my boyfriend...Live music on the weekends.. get there early enuf to get that bar stool and talk to Todd.. No joke.. He will take care of you in the end.. :-)
1	Worst service ever. How hard is it to get silverware? By the time we finally received it, our food was cold. Our waitress had the personality and the speediness of of a rock, and the manager was made excuses for the poor service. Definitely will not be back.
4	In the midst of the DNC, after the Daily Show taping, we easily found a space to grab a bite here.  Five of us all agreed some wings would do just fine for our late-night appetite, and I've always found Wild Wing Cafe's wings to be consistently delicious.  The service was quick and friendly and yes, the sampler platter with Medium, Red Hot & Bleu, Jalapeno Cheddar, Red Dragon and, my new favorite, Island Jerk were, again, all delicious.  The loaded skins we shared beforehand were amazing!  Perfectly crispy on the outside, and light fluffy on the inside.  My mouth is watering all over again!
1	The food was all right. But the service was horrible.  We went there with a group of 16 for my sister's 30th birthday. It was fine when we first got there but one of our people was in a wheelchair and thus made the night worse. First they wouldn't out a short 4 top in the section by the long high top(where we were). Then the manager refused to put enough tables together as we needed to keep them for other guests.  We were all eating and drinking.  No one was just sitting drinking water. So it was horribly awkward. The waitress was slow and inefficient. We got drinks one at a time and food was so slow some people finished before the others had their wings. No one knew where ye food went though the server wrote in order what we wanted. Meals were messed up. But worst of all we had to go to the bar to refill our water and sweet tea because NO ONE would come refill our glasses. The manager made us unwelcome though we spent hundreds of dollars. It was my first and last trip to this place. No thank you.
4	I have been to a ton of Wild Wing Cafes all over the south and they are all similar.  Good food and great live music. They have some good drink specials and an okay selection of beers on draft.  If they are extremely busy, the service will suck but that usuallyhow it goes anywhere.
4	Since Whiskey River wasn't serving alcohol anymore we went over to Wild Wings. There wasn;t anyone at the door so we weren't sure if they were still open but we went to the bar. Our bartender was very nice and the drinks were good.  The place is big and the whole staff seemed nice.
4	Great place to end up on a Friday and/ or Saturday night. I staggered in here after a Checkers hockey game and listened to a cover band with a few buddies. Very conveniently located in the upstairs portion of the EpiCenter, the interior layout of this uptown location is pretty snazzy. I've been out to the Wild Wing in the university area and was surprised to see (what seemed like) a little more square footage at this location. The food and service are pretty good here for what few times I've been. The atmosphere is very much like any other low-lighted bar. The crowd varies throughout the week and weekend, especially on the weekends when live bands are booked.In addition to food, I am always pleased with a late-night restaurant that carries over drink specials into a Friday and Saturday. This is kind of a big deal if I have a DD and want to get a few. Overall, a great restaurant for late night, but also any time of day really. Pretty sure they validate parking also.
3	I have previously had a number of bad wing experiences.  They have been under cooked, many times near raw, and just tossed is bottled hot sauce.  Yuck!  So I was more than a bit hesitant when our two grandchildren and wife opted to have dinner at the Wild Wing.The menu will knock your socks off, so make sure you are wearing socks as I don't know the potential consequences rising from their menu.  Many, many options ranging from wraps, sandwiches, kabobs, ribs, steak, hamburgers, pizza and...drum roll...WINGS.Not only wings, but an entire page of sauces with an easy to read color scale of heat intensities.  And which sauces would be good on ribs.  Many were very clever and intriguing.  The choices were difficult with the sauces, but then to determine what to order further burdened, although pleasantly, the diner.I opted for the ribs and wing combo, choosing a sauce for each item.  Wife had chicken strips with a hot sauce.  Grandchildren, stuck to corn dog bites with smiley-faced fries (really!)  and pizza with mac-cheese, so their lives remained stable, full of unhealthy high calorie food and unchanged.I quaffed a local draft lager, chosen from a beer menu with at least a dozen drafts and many more bottled brews, along with lots of wine and custom cocktail offerings.My wings were simply great.  Fried crispy they were perfect...no sogginess at all and the sauce, that I only remember in my mouth,  was yummy.  The ribs were also excellent rivaling ribs served at rib houses.  The unnamed sauce complimented the ribs making a good combo.  The fries were wedges and were also fried perfectly.Must get the name of their deep fat fryer, type of oil and/or name of the fryer person.Wife's thick, large hunks of chicken were quite a meal.  Those three pieces were at least double the standard chicken fingers.  Her hot sauce lit her fire, but she did not break out in any sweat.  She simply lost all feeling of her lips and had to pause occasionally to catch her breath and eat pieces of my celery with ranch, made in-house, to cool her pie hole.The kids consumed great quantities of ketchup as part of their gourmet meals and had no complaints.In fact, none of us had any complaints at all.
2	My boyfriend and I decided to go here because we were waiting for our movie to start.  When we walked in there were 5 people standing at the hostess station.  After we were seated it took about 15 min for our waitress to come by to take our order.  We decided to share the Slider Sampler and an order for wings.  The wing flavors were very over powering.  We had to ask for plates, twice.  Also we had to ask for refills.  When we were ready for our check, it took a bit to find our waitress.  She was all around the restaurant.  She was nice, but not very attentive.  I probably won't come back.
1	Decided to go here after the movie and it wasn't crowded, but the service is super slow...maybe because its Monday...who knows. Any way ordered our food and it took forever, when we got it , it was cold but ok moving on. I got ready to put my burger together and I noticed a clump of beard hair melted with my cheese..ewww I will not be back!!
4	I've been hitting up Wild Wing in the EpiCentre for a long time now - bout time I wrote a review for it! About a year ago the place closed down for a bit and went through an overhaul and corporate bought the place up. I, for one, have never had a bad experience here either way... before or after corporate had bought it. The food is tasty but you need to know what to order. Some items, like the queso and the buffalo dip, are a bit lackluster, nothing great and I'd say save the money and just get something else. I love the little pups here... they are mini hot dogs with chili on them. Simple enough but the chili has a little spice kick (not hot spice but flavorful). And I tend to get the buffalo chicken salad quite often. The salad is huge and will definitely fill you up. The wings give you plenty of options with over 30 flavors - most of the flavors seemed baked on or maybe rubbed on, but if you are expecting hot wings dripping in sauce, you won't get them here. The location is great, except for paying for parking but hey, that's Uptown's thing, not Wild Wing... plus the light rail runs right behind it so you can always jump on that. Live music on the weekends which makes for great energy in the bar. And a good drink selection, plenty of taps and always a drink on special. I don't make Wild Wing my usual jaunt but if I'm around Trade St, I have no problems stopping in for a bite or sip.
3	I've been to multiple locations and they are all generally the same. I went today for lunch on my break. I was hoping to get in and out quickly but that did not happen. There was an error withy order due to a cook error. Instead of just leaving me in the dark to get angry for it taking so long they made it right. I was told about it and offered something free for their mistake. My waitress was very attentive and had a good attitude. The food here is not bad tons of wings and standard pub food. Lots of TVs to watch any games you want. If you want bar food with good service you can't go wrong here. Three stars because its nothing special bit for a chain the do well.
5	This is a fun spot in the epicenter to watch a game and eat good food. There's a bunch of TVs all over! They've even gone out of their way to seat us where our game is playing.They have a lot of different flavors for wings. I really enjoy their homemade ranch and blue cheese. Service has always been great, even in large groups. I can't say anything bad about this spot. We stop here every time we're in town to kill some time before we fly out.
1	Lookin for good food after a movie at Epicenter on a Sunday night.The wings were meaty and tasty. Bigger than average. I got an order of 16 and could only eat 10 with a side salad. Got 2 flavors. Lime and garlic. Both were good.Service at the bar was poor. Had 2 servers and was very slow. I had to ask for refills and service.Dessert was terrible. I had brownie alamode. The ice cream was crystallized ice milk. Horrible.Would not return/(
2	Eh...   Good variety of wing sauces/rubs.  But it was average.  Plenty of tvs to watch football but they are very awkwardly mounted so you have to crane your neck to see more than 1 game.
4	Great food, atmosphere, and service! I've been here 4 times and had a good experience each time.
1	My wife and I went here for lunch on Monday. We were expecting the usual average food and atmosphere but it seemed like the adults had called in sick and left the place to the kids for the day.I will start with the hostess who was running around the whole time with waitresses and the kitchen staff instead of greeting guests. When we were seated we were right next to the landshark surf board. I specifically remember the exact seat because there were dust balls attached to the wall that were flowing in the air. It looked kind of like seaweed flowing in the ocean. The table and floor was dirty too with napkins and french fries under the chairs. It wasn't busy so I cant imaging the staff was so overwhelmed with guests they couldn't clean up when people left. The dust thing on the wall had to have been there for a while to get that big. If the part of the restaurant the guests see is dirty what do you think is happening in the kitchen near the food you are about to eat?After a while our waitress seemed surprised when she stopped over and mentioned we hadn't gotten our food yet. A few minutes later it came out and my wings were dry. If they soak the wings in hot sauce before serving them how long to they have to sit around to dry out? The whole situation was gross but we were hungry and the food was at least hot (maybe they warmed it up in the microwave and that dried the sauce out).The whole thing was really disappointing because we both love wings, but at least there are other options around.
1	1st impressions are everything right? Well I will never return again. I'd love to tell you about the food, I'd love to tell you about the beer, however, I can't. Saturday 3.22 a group of 6 of us entered wild wings at around 11pm. We were quickly sat by a hostess. That's pretty much the end of our experience. We sat at our table for 20 minutes trying multiple times to flag down a server, manager, leprechaun, or anyone who would get us food and drink. After 20 minutes of no success we left saying how bad that was to the girl at the hostess stand, we were shrugged off. The next day I sent wild wings an email.... It's now Thursday, no response thus I assume you don't care about your customers.
3	Decent place to grab a beer. The food, including their highly advertised wings, are good, not great. But it's well worth the money. Staff is wonderful. Great place to grab a beer or catch some live music.
3	I ordered takeout wings from here while I was in town for work. The wings were really good, there were expansive flavor choices,  and it's pretty cheap. I can't comment much on the atmosphere but suffice it to say the short time I was inside, I couldn't tell if it was more like a TGI Fridays or a wannabe club. It was confusing at best, albeit entertaining.
1	I got married today and I brought my very small family wedding party here for drinks. The woman sweeping the floor had her purse on her shoulder, the hostess barely said two words and we waited for over 15 minutes with not a server in sight. Everyone decided we should go somewhere else and a woman at a table whom had been on her phone with HER purse on the table the entire time told us good bye have a great day. I can only think she worked there for making that comment. The hostess did not say a word as we left. Thanks wild wings. We ended up spending over $400 at Fleming's. Good job
1	Horrible.  Absolutely horrible.Where to begin....1.  Room-temperature beer2.  Apathetic manager who did not want to hear my group's complaints about room-termperature beer3.  The WORST guacamole I have ever put in my mouth, hands-down4.  Otherwise mediocre food.  Nothing whatsoever stood out as good.5.  It's at the Epicentre, which just sucks anyway.I will never make the mistake of returning to this abortion of a restaurant again.
4	Huge fan of the wings and chilli cheese fries! I always go for the Ranchilada and Red, Hot, and Bleu sauces. They're a good combination of spicy and flavorful.
4	FAITH IS AN AWESOME BARTENDER.  The lunch special- 20 wings, a plate of French fries and a salad///////  12 bucks. AND IT WAS GREAT/////WTF DO YOU GUYS WANT.  24 oz beers for 3 bucks.  This place is worth the visit.
2	It was a busy night, so they told us about a 30 minute wait. Ok, no problem, we just went over to the bar for some drinks to burn some time. The problem though was the fact that we walked by several open tables that suited our group size. We just wrote it off to maybe being down a server. That was until they sat us forty minutes later at one of those very tables that was open when we walked in.The bartender was good. He moved quickly and was on top of things. He also worked with our server to transfer our tab to our table. A simple thing that many places will not do so it was appreciated.Our server at the table was also good. He came by often and was friendly. His visits got a little too space out toward the end, but overall it was good.There are plenty of televisions to catch the game, or many games for that matter. There is a large bar area and a lot of regular seating as well. They had a live band in later in the evening. I am normally ok with this at a bar, but it confuses me at a sports bar. Especially with so many great 8pm games on. Also for whatever reason it was very warm inside. It was slightly crowded at times, but not enough to justify the excessive heat.The food was ok. I ordered 8 boneless wings in the flaming Parmesan sauce. The sauce had decent flavor, but was certainly not flaming. The wings were large, but slightly over cooked. Not burnt, but overly crisp.I also ordered the Steel Town Spuds with tater tots. You get a good sized portion. The tots come topped with ranch dressing, bacon, scallions and melted cheese. The flavor was ok. They brought out some buffalo sauce to dip it in and that made it much better.
4	Popped in for a post-game beer (the Hornets won!) and to wait while the Lynx carried away most of the fans. No food this evening, just two cold ones at the bar. Lots of beer choices including a good few locals such as Olde Mecklenburg Brewery.Bartender was good, seats were comfortable, there was little wait. All good.
4	Its what you would expect. The lunchtime wing buffet is a good deal. They no longer use a buffet line but make your wings to order in any flavor. Good deal.
3	I'm not from this area at all. So I don't know much from this area. I love the location and was very surprised to see how big this place. The wings were great. Nice and fresh. Order something small, the food is very filling. The service was a little slow, but I think it's because it's Christmas eve.
4	I actually thought this place was pretty good. The wings reminded me of Native New Yorker wings back home in AZ. We ordered the full order of hot wings for $15. Our waitress was sweet and our order came pretty quickly. We ordered half hot and half atomic hot. We couldn't tell the difference, both were good and hot, just like we like. For some reason though my beers seemed to take a while to get to me, which i didn't like. I think she simply kept forgetting about them. The place had a a big bar area with a small stage for music entertainment during the evening weekend hours I'm assuming, since nothing was goin on while we were there. Lots of Tv's which pleased my son and I as we like to watch football while enjoying yummy wings. If I'm ever in the epicenter in Charlotte again I wouldn't mind stopping there again.
