4	Cool manager (shaved head). Good food, quick friendly service.
3	One of the scariest Del Tacos that I've come across...probably due to its location...not the best...but not the worst.  That shopping area -- you'll find a lot of transients.  But in the end, you still get the same GREAT and yummy Del Taco food.  Yum!
1	Needed a quick meal when we flew in. Got a macho machos and spicy jack quesadilla. Everything was acceptable, but only because we were hungry. Cheese was cold on the nachos. Same for the ground beef. Half the quesadilla didnt have cheese, as if they missed where the put it! The only good thing about the meal was that the chips weren't stale. And they were playing good music.
4	I love Del Taco, the food came out fresh. The employees were friendly and making jokes since it was April Fools. Though the Soda Machine went down so i couldnt get refills. Hence the 4 stars.
4	Del Taco is good for cheap food. Staff is very friendly. I don't like the soft tacos as much as the hard shell ones.
4	Yup.  I'm actually going to do it.  I'm actually going to review a fast food joint.I usually always brown bag it for lunch at work, but today I ended up at work empty stomached and empty handed.  I planned on picking up a pre-made salad at Vons, but there was major police action happening outside and inside the market.  Uhhhh, maybe another time...I haven't had any fast food in months and months, but seemed to remember noticing that Del Taco had added fish tacos to the menu - which is great because I don't eat meat or fowl.  Luckily, there's a Del Taco conveniently located in the same shopping mall.The drive-thru staff were perky and friendly.  On to the tacos - the battered and fried fish with cabbage slaw and salsa fresca were wrapped in corn tortillas and actually pretty darn yummy.  The fries were kind of meh - but I tend to like fries slightly overdone with some crunch. Overall, great place in a pinch.
4	Yes, I'll be honest - you'd really have to screw the pooch for me to mark down a Del Taco.  And while my chicken quesadilla lacked chicken, the matter was promptly corrected, and the cheese-only offered up to keep (for the kid, use as a frisbee, whatever).Restaurant was tidy for a hair past the lunch hour and across from a UNLV campus, restrooms were clean (singles, but not a big deal), and with full tummies and a topped off soda, we were off to take the Dependent to M&M World.
3	The food was fine - just as good as every other Del Taco (maybe better?).  The drive-thru service was very fast, HOWEVER I only received three pieces of an item that was supposed to be four pieces.  I would rather my order be filled properly than get to me quickly, hence the reason I am taking the time to review a fast food place.
2	What can you expect from a fast food joint? Grass fed beef? Linen table cloths? Well... not exactly.  What I will say is that it's clean,efficent, and they haven't messed up my order.
