4	Had a great experience at The Paul Mitchell School today. Student Kayla, did a wonderful job with my crazy half-curly hair. Her instructors were great too. They and Kayla picked out an awesome color combo for highlights and overall color. It is perfect! I also received the Keratin smoothing treatment and my hair has never felt better. I would definitely recommend to a friend!
1	Know what you're getting into before you do this.  And if you're a male, avoid this place at all costs because they almost exclusively work on women.  First, you probably think that while they're students, they're somewhat close to graduating and can cut hair.  My stylist had never used clippers before and was clearly uncomfortable even using scissors.  Her instructor gave her direction and then said "you ok" to which she was hesitant to say anything else but yes, and then the instructor walked off.  I had to ask her if she was ok and she said "she'll give it a try."  Great!  The instructor there never actually watched my stylist cut, but just gave instruction and walked off.  You think I was nervous, hell yes.  This girl I had was so bad and so lost because she was nervous and always had to wait for the instructor to come back.  Keep in mind, these instructors work with many students at once.  Anyway, even the wash was awful, I mean seriously, have you never washed anyone's hair enough to know that when you're dripping wet, that's not a good thing.  I had to ask for a towel to wipe off the water dripping down my shirt.  This stylish I had showed little enthusiasm for this job.  At this time, I was thinking, should I just say thanks and leave and go to somewhere where they can finish the rest, but I seriously did not want to be such a tool for a learning student, so I just smiled and went a long with it all.  After all, for a guy, you can always get everything shaved off and start clean.  At the end of it all, I thought the instructor would have checked it, but she didn't and the stylist said "well, I guess you're done."  Too right I was done, in so many ways.  Anyway, avoid this place like the plague.  Seriously, you could go to one of those places like Supercuts where it's $12 and get someone that has actually cut hair before going to a place like this where it's $15 for a male hair cut.
5	Who knew pink hair would be so much maintenance? I laugh and tell people I'm like Ivanna Trump getting her hair done every six weeks.  Luckily I found the Paul Mitchell school and they do bright colors.  Some salons and schools don't.  The absolute best treatment which I gave them the five stars for, was they conditioned my hair twice.  Before they even started, they conditioned my hair and put me under the dryer for 10 minutes.  Then they bleached my hair and conditioned me again.  I was very impressed, no salon has ever done that.  After they finished the whole process, they put a sealant on my hair.  It worked wonders on keeping my color fresh!!!My hair turned out great, the instructors are there to supervise without hovering.  The only pitfalls and it's not for everyone, it is really a school, so they are loud, yelling role call,  teaching, more students than visiting clients and it takes a long time.  So if you want to save some dough and get your hair colored and you have the time, I'm all for Paul Mitchell, The School Charlotte.Great job!  My hair color is really lasting.  Make sure when you are calling, you are calling the one on Elizabeth, because there is a school in Gastonia too.
4	Let me clarify, I am professional hair stylist at Salon Red 11 here in Charlotte.  I went to the Paul Mitchell school for a continuing education class.  The school is beautiful, clean and located in the uber-cool Elizabeth neighborhood.  My class was terrific and I left with a complimentary kit of the new PM  luxury line Awahpuhi Ginger, which I will immediately put to use at work!!  You may want to stop in for a blow-out with this new product line.  You can't beat the school price point, though make sure you have extra time, schools take longer to complete services. Check out the cool water wall in the lobby!
4	I have always been afraid to get my hair cut at a beauty school.  Why, you ask?  The ones I have always seen were extremely cramped, with tons of students, very little interaction with the instructors and it takes forever.  My experience at Paul Mitchell school was much better than I expected.  A friend had recommended her cousin Heather, and she did a great, great job.  This has probably been my favorite haircut in a while, and the instructors really kept an eye out on all the students in order to help.  She also shampooed my hair with PM's new Awapuwi Wild Ginger line, which I have fallen madly in love with.  Sure, I was there for about an hour and half, but it IS a beauty college and she did make a fairly drastic haircut.The inside was not overly cramped, although they do have a fair amount of booths set up.  The separate room they used to shampoo my hair was a lot quieter and more relaxing.  The waiting area had a decent amount of seating, and all the staff working at the front was friendly and helpful.  I actually liked the decor in the waiting area as well.  Because I had an appointment early in the morning, I did not have to wait long.  I don't know if that changes later in the day, particularly on a Saturday.I already scheduled an appointment to go back again, and I am contemplating trying some of their other hair services.  I am looking forward to going back.
5	My stylist, Brianna, did an awesome job!!! I really like the results!She is going to be an awesome stylist. Highly recommend her if you have long hair or want highlights.I was there over 3 hours though...make sure you are prepared for that.
4	I got a pretty good haircut, and the price was great. It took quite a bit longer than I expected, but then I remembered that my hair dresser was a student, and I would rather for her to take her time, than to go fast and I walk out with a crooked cut. I DON'T recommend getting the Owapu Keratin treatment IF you have fine hair. First, it's not a Keratin treatment, it's just a deep conditioning treatment. My hair has been SUPER greasy since the treatment. It has shine, but absolutely no volume. Even after I have washed it with a clarifying shampoo, it looks like haven't taken a shower in a day or two. Forget having somewhat descent looking hair on day two. I'm just hoping my hair gets back to normal after a couple more washes. Fingers crossed.
5	Outstanding! I went here for a cut and style today and was extremely pleased.  The atmosphere was very professional; the gals at the front desk were terrific and the staff were all very attentive and on task. I've been to the Aveda school before, so I expected this to be similar and didn't have high expectations.  I couldn't have been more wrong - this place is night and day different!  Fantastic experience from beginning to end.Ann Hunter, the instructor, greeted me and matched me up with an excellent stylist, Christina.  Christina was clearly poised and secure, listened to exactly what I wanted, explained what her approach would be for my cut and made sure we were on the same page.  She brought Ms. Hunter over and we discussed the cut.  Ms. Hunter checked my hair herself, gave Christina some pointers and stayed a bit to make sure Christina was comfortable doing the point cut.  At the end, she came back to check on the finished product and to make sure I was happy.I have to say that this cut is better than the $65 cuts I've gotten from two top salons in Charlotte.  Christina has a bright future ahead and any salon that gets her when she graduates is going to be lucky.A special mention about Ann Hunter.  While I was being styled, I saw her keeping a watchful eye on everything and everyone, circulating throughout the salon/school offering help and making sure clients were satisfied.  Her level of attentiveness gives me the comfort level and confidence to come back here, even if Christina isn't there (although I FOR SURE want her to style me again and did set up a follow-up appointment).
4	I have now been there 5 times, if you find a student that is good you have to request them again. I had 2 keratin condition, and 2 color, last one I had a newbie and I had to return for a re-do(On top of the whopping $60 I was surprised with because they claimed she used 3 cups of color instead of one) Always ask how much your bill is before accepting any condition or service, and let the student know what works best for you. If you go before 12 noon, know you will get a second student if your procedure isn't done. They MUST go to lunch and drop what they are doing on you while you can pray they stay on the same page. Otherwise everyone is friendly,  Larkin and Josh do a great job of Welcoming everyone who isn't rude!
4	The Paul Mitchell School was a good experience.  However, it was a LONG adventure.  I briefly read a review before going to my appointment, and (silly me) thought the reviewer might be exaggerating with their note about "Three hours" to have her hair done.  Well, I had a groupon for shampoo, cut, style and full highlights and FOUR hours later I was on my way home.  I know that they are students, and I'm glad that she was steady and took her time - but 4 hours is a long time to sit anywhere.  My stylist was very thorough and very friendly, tried to keep me talking and occupied while I was in the chair.  I would go back, with a groupon and a large chunk of time.  I'm pleased with my trim and highlights, but will certainly prepare myself for the time commitment.
1	All I can say is HORRIBLE!!! Used a groupon to get a cut, highlights and blow dry. It was the worst 5 hours of my life. The first student who helped me started the highlights apparently it was time leave and that she did. Left not even completing my highlights. Was handed off to another student, btw no info was relayed to her from the previous student. This person was clueless apparently just being there 3 months. Had no clue when the highlights would be ready. And the instructor where not helpful acting like they were to busy. I was tortured when getting my hair washed she was so rough and I have a high pain tolerance. The cut wasn't good at all and the style was even worst. Complained and nothing came about. I learned my lesson. WILL NEVER STEP FOOT IN THIS PLACE! I wouldn't wish this place on my worst enemy. Did I mention I was there for 5 hours.
5	Very pleased with the cut and style I got here. These are students so you expect a little bit of a wait, as they are learning as they go, but my stylist did a great job and used her creativity in my cut. She was also not afraid to call over a teacher to help with small parts of the cut, which made me feel confident she was trying to give me the best cut possible. Plan to go back soon to get a highlight.
5	This salon is truly a hidden gem. I initially purchased a Groupon this past spring. Great cut, overall great experience, too. There was one mixup with a subsequent appointment - apparently my appointment needed to be rescheduled by the salon. I was never notified. However, when I showed up, I was immediately given a comp by the front desk. Inconvenient, sure. But, they immediately made good on it, without even so much as a look or word from me. Sadly, my favorite stylist will be graduating and moving out of the area - but he's recommended another student. In short, I'm very pleased with PM.
2	I am writing this a few days after my hair cut and color- I purchased a Groupon for the cut and color. My stylist was lacking in some of her customer service skills, but that will come with experience (hopefully). Overall the cut is decent, I have noticed the ends aren't level and the layers I had put in are pretty prominent, generally layers are more subtle. The dye is a lovely color (dark red/brown), but she left a large amount on my head that I had to wash out myself later in the day. Dye washed out of my hair for 3 washes after the dye, I'm hoping due to the color (red), as I have read that red will do that sometimes. The front desk was very adament about not giving change back, so make sure to bring cash if you plan on tipping (I had to purchase a small bottle of shampoo to get change back). The salon was very crowded, but it was a Saturday afternoon.  I will stick to professionals with  more experience for my next cut.
5	5 stars! This as stated in prior reviews is a hidden gem.  I get my haircut every time there and couldn't be more pleased.  Not only do you get the selffulfill ness of helping students learn how to cut hair before becoming professionals but they do a great job and put in the extra effort.  Request Travis, @stylesbytravis (Instagram) he is by far the best student there!!
5	Used a Groupon yesterday and can only say that I had nothing negative to report and believe me where hair care is concerned I can be very critical. I had a phase I student who carried me through the process in a very professional manner. Final words -- Excellent Experience!!
3	I have been very hit or miss with Paul Mitchell.  The first time I went there it's because I wanted purple streaks and they're the only ones I knew of that carried the color. I was there from 9am - 5pm. Um YEAH. When I went to get them taken out, that was another disaster and a half.The next few times I went just for a haircut. I never seemed to get what I wanted. A few months ago I went bc there was a student there I wanted to specifically see. SHE did a great job, her learner instructor completely didn't listen to what I wanted. I went home unhappy and then my hair grew on me. This last time I got exactly what I wanted. Granted it was just a trim.I think I've decided that as soon as my new stylist/student graduates in May and leaves the state, I will no longer go to Paul Mitchell.
2	My Paul Mitchell experience in Charlotte epitomizes the wise adage," You get what you pay for." First of all, the facility is depressing. The physical environment of the "school" is more like a factory than a learning environment. It's a little dirty looking and needs a serious update. When you make an appointment, and you do not specifically request a stylist, one will be randomly assigned to you by their alphabetized computer system.The degree of expertise of your stylist here is really going to be  crap shoot!. My stylist was a pleasant enough young lady, but she was a mess! I made an appointment for an all over, one-color process which took two bowls of color at an extra charge of $8. I wouldn't have minded the extra amount of color, but the stylist used such an minuscule amount of the second bowl that it totally irritated me. What a rip off. I have been to hundreds of salons and not once did my hair require two bowls of color.I got to the school at 11 and did not leave until 1:30. The color is just ok, but the rest of the service was painful. The stylist pulled my hair when she was sectioning it off to apply the color. Man. That really hurt! The shampoo experience was just a little less painful. And finally - the blow out. OMG. This stylist needs a lot more practice. I left with frizzy hair but I wanted to get out of there so badly.  She is so not ready to graduate next month. This review is strictly based on my one time visit - I won't be going back to give Paul Mitchell a second chance. I hope you have a better experience if you choose to go here to save a little money - but it's really not worth it.
1	As a college student, I often look for the best deals to get my hair done in charlotte. I only get a hair cut maybe 3 times a year when something big is coming up. Anyway, so I made an appointment over a week ago to get my hair done today (Tuesday) because it was the only day I had time before my birthday (Thursday). I drove all the way from the university to the school in the snow we had today only to find out that they weren't doing cuts because of the snow. I was appalled by this only because I hadn't received a phone call or anything telling me not to waste my time.  I will not be returning because of this massive oversight, and the unprofessionalism of those who work there.
5	Mary Kate was a wonderful hair stylist. She explained everything well and was very nice. She did a great job with my cut and highlights I love it.
3	Got my haircut at Paul Mitchell School. Came out a lot shorter than I really wanted.  Oh well it's summertime but think I'll go elsewhere for my next cut. Went to Aveda School for my next cut- WOW I'd go just for their fantastic massage- by Paul!
4	I needed my hair and makeup done for an event and my regular stylist cancelled on me!!! Ugh...what's a girl to do!?!? Call The Paul Mitchell School.They were ready for me when I arrived, explained the entire process of what they were doing to my hair and for a few moments made me feel like a local celebrity....I had two people on my hair, one awesome makeup artist perfecting my face and tons of students coming over to watch and learn new techniques!If nothing more, it's definitely worth the experience. And you absolutely can not beat the price! So give them a try...you might just love it!
1	Had the worst salon experience of my life.  I was walked over to a stylist's chair where I sat and waited for several minutes while a handful of student stylists argued over who's turn it was for a customer.  Eventually I was moved to a different stylist.  Throughout the entire service a large group of stylists were dancing, chanting, cheering & gossiping EXTREMELY loudly.  My stylist did nothing but trash talk the fellow students throughout my visit.  Even though I had purchased a groupon, I was forced to pay extra for my services...none of this was explained until I was checking out.  To top it off, my stylist parted my hair on the wrong side when she began cutting.  After she realized that she had parted it on the opposite side of what I had JUST told her I usually part it, she tried to flip it over and finish the cut.  The end result was tragic.  I understand that this is a school & that the stylists are still learning, but I was shocked by the unprofessional behavior that took place the entire time.  If you're looking for a deal & don't mind going to someone who is still sharpening their skills, go to Aveda!
1	I went to the Paul Mitchel School in Charlotte with 2 of my roommates on 2/7 and all 3 of us experienced horrible results. These students have no idea what they are doing! My stylists matched me with the wrong hair color causing my hair to come out 2 shades darker and she didn't properly wash out the hair color from my roots. We booked our appointments at 2:30 and they weren't done until 5:30. My stylist didn't even properly style my hair because she claimed she didn't have enough time. You know you received a horrible service when you come home and you rush in the shower to wash your hair because there's dried gunk stuck in your hair roots from the hair color. It was nasty. One of my other roommates has African American hair and they had no idea how to work with that. Also, their hair treatments leave your hair really dry. Save your money and see a professional, at Paul Mitchel they have no idea what they are doing.
1	Normally I have had a great experience at this place. However, that was during the daytime hours. This was the first time I went at night, and I will NEVER do it again!I have a sister that is a stylist, and I have always been supportive of cosmetology students/schools because they provide a good service at great rates and gives the students what they desperately need: experience. I have never felt uncomfortable or concerned because there has always been an instructor to guide the student to ensure success. Well, until this visit that is. I went in the evening to have highlights and lowlights added. The instructors, (for lack of a better word) were not there to instruct like the daytime crew. No...instead they are off doing god knows what and not focusing on the students. My stylist was new-she had a few good techniques about her, but she lacked direction and guidance. Grossly lacked, that is! First, it took her nearly 45 mins from the time I was seated in her chair to get anything started. The developer sat too long because it started to foam up. (I heard one of the instructors say this), so it took even longer to get things done. In some places the developer was on too long, and I now have damage to my hair. I also have spots that are very obvious some parts of the section had bleach and some not. Of course I did not discover this until well after I was already home. Oh, and did any instructor come by to check things? Yeah, right! Not once...and by that I do mean NEVER did an instructor take the time to look at my hair, check the condition of the developer, or even give instruction. Nope...not once. My appointment was scheduled for 6:30pm (and I was seated then!)...normally I have been done and out of there within 2 1/2 hrs max. Nope...not this time!! Finally about 10 after 9pm, I called it. I told her to blow dry my hair and leave me be. (She still had foils with bleach "still developing" in my hair and still hadn't cut it!) I was NOT about to stay there until after 10:30pm! That would have had me there for 4 hours-NOT acceptable at ALL!When I attempted to call the school to discuss this issue, I was hung up on 3 different times. So I waited until the following week to see if I would be fortunate enough to have someone actually answer the phone. They did, but I felt it was met with little to no concern for how this customer in particular was treated, and how it reflected on the professionalism of the school as a whole. To say I was disappointed would be a gross understatement. By the way...to this day I have still yet to get a phone call back to discuss my issue and concerns-over a week later!Would I recommend Paul Mitchell the School Charlotte to anyone? After this experience, I would say the chances are highly unlikely. Will I go back and pay them for services? Highly doubtful. If after reading this review you still feel you wish to risk it, then I would suggest you go during the day-you stand a MUCH better chance at having things done right and having your student stylist observed by an instructor! Not to mention your business might be appreciated more!
1	I normally don't write bad reviews of businesses, but I have to write this one.  I bought a Groupon for highlights and a cut.  I was excited about getting my hair done.  I made an appointment and went in for my cut and color.  My stylist was really nice and really wanted me to be pleased.  I have to say that the atmosphere of the place is like a night club.  The music was SO LOUD that I could hardly hear my stylist.  I told her that  I wanted very subtle highlights in my dark hair.  We looked over the swatches and found one that seemed to be the perfect fit.  She started putting the foils in my hair, and that's when I started to get worried.  It was taking her FOREVER to do the foils.  I understand that she is a student and still learning, but I mean, she was taking forever.  She used developer on my hair to lighten my hair.  I told her that I was really not comfortable with using lightener because in the past I have just used color to do my highlights.  She was taking so long to do my foils that she had to get another stylist to come and help her remove the foils from the left side of my head.  I could see from the other stylist's face that she was mortified!  My hair was white.  It was seriously white.  The rest of my head is black. I wanted to cry.  She said that she had no idea that my hair would "life" so quickly.  She promised me that she would use a toner on my hair and it would be much darker and the subtle highlights that I wanted.  She took me back to the bowl to wash my hair and just left me back there with a wet head.  I was back there for 30 minutes with my head in the bowl.  I finally had to get up and track someone down to let me sit upright.  My hair was soaking wet so I was afraid that if I set upright on my own without a towel, I would get color all over my clothing.  She finally came back and put the toner on my hair.  I could tell that she was nervous and thought that I would not like it.  She was saying this as she was washing my hair.  I was so scared.  Now mind you, at this point it was almost 10:15 and my appointment was at 6:00.  She did not have time to even cut my hair which I think was a blessing!  The entire time I was there, not one teacher came by to check on my stylist-not ONE time.  Again, I realize that these are students, but I do think someone needs to be checking their work more often.  My appointment was at night, so maybe someone who goes during the day might have a better experience.  I called and complained and explained that I would like to have my hair fixed.  I just wanted it back to the original color.  I was told that someone would call me back.  It took over a WEEK for someone to call me back.  She then told me that I could come in for a conditioning treatment.  Really?  No.  I went to another stylist and had my hair fixed.  I would not suggest this school to anyone.  I bought two Groupons at once and when I asked if I could just get product in place of a cut and color, I was told no.  I am working with Groupon now to try to get my money back because there is no way that I am going back.  I would say, proceed with caution!
4	I went here for the first time today and had a good experience. My cut was great - Sarah took her time, asked plenty of questions, and gave me exactly what I wanted. I used a Groupon that included the Awapuhi wild-ginger keratin treatment and my hair feels so soft! The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they won't break bills at the register - I needed a $20 broken so I could give my stylist a proper tip and they wouldn't do it. Since I used a Groupon I wasn't able to put tip on credit card. You'd think they would be more accommodating with giving change to help people provide their students correct tips.
3	Not awful but not great either. If you really, really need to pay less for a haircut, then I'd suggest it.  But is saving $30 worth over 3 hours in the chair.  The cut was $15 but would I rather spend the $45 to get a perfect cut in about 30 minutes? AND, I have really long hair, you can tell the cut is even but the technique needs some work. It's very blunt and needs some help.
