5	At first glance this place seems like just a drunk haven where goofs like me can stumble to for grub after a few too many drinks on Walnut, but it's that and so much more. Where else can a sister get some good ole pork belly at 2 in the morning? Or a bacon dog with mac and cheese? Melt in your mouth pulled pork? I wasn't 100% convinced though until on a quiet Friday night at home, friends and I drove out to Walnut to endure the line with drunken floozies just to get some pulled pork and tots. Though we were probably the only sober ones there, we devoured our food and I can now report it as one of my favorite Pittsburgh Eats.Kudos to those young entrepreneurs for making our city a more delicious place.
5	I love good local food, and I especially love food carts run by scrappy young entrepreneurs who have such a passion for good food that they drag a cart or truck around to events to share their wares. This past weekend, I came across a new favorite- The Burgh Bites Cart. We came across these guys at Night Market V when I overheard someone say there was a food cart with tater tots. DING! At the top of my potato hierarchy (my list of favorite fried potato products) the creme de la creme- tater tots. We made a bee line in the direction of this magical tater tot cart, and I was not disappointed.First off, you may have heard of this cart if you've ever been in Shady Side on a late night. Legend has it that a magical food cart appears on the streets of Shady Side when the sun sets, rising like Shangri-La or Brigadoon from the mist, to sell tater tots to weary bar travelers. Drinkers still tell stories of a tater tot cart that can only be found after a few adult beverages, and then is gone when the sun rises. I have now confirmed that this mysterious cart is indeed the Burgh Bites Cart.We started with the Bucco Tots- a huge load of tater tots topped with their own pulled pork, smothered in BBQ sauce and topped with onions and homemade pickles. The pork was lightly seasoned and moist, the sauce had a nice bite, and the taters were gloriously fried to perfection. Can I get a hallelujah! It was so good, that later that evening, I went back for more. This time, I had Loaded Tots- another boatload of taters, this time smothered in chili and topped with cheese sauce. OMG good, and the chili had a nice mix of big beans and ground beef that wasn't too spicy.If I died that night (and there was a good chance of cardiac arrest after eating 2lbs of tater tots), I would have died happy, floating up on cherub wings to the afterlife, where angels sit on tater tot clouds, ketchup flows from a waterfall, and a lake of chili waits for me to take a dip... sorry, I spaced out for a second.The other food  flowing from this cart looked awesome as well, like the Falafeliscious sandwich (a falafel patty on a bun with pineapple sauce and banana peppers), smothered hot dogs, and lots more like their homemade pickles or mac n cheese. Wash it down with a refreshing Watermelon Fresca and you'll see why this i my current favorite food truck.Keep an eye on the Burgh Bites Cart Facebook page for where they are next and see what else they are cooking up-- and get your tots on!
5	The menu is simple yet unique and the guys working are super friendly.  The spicy veggie pita is pretty much as special as a monkey riding a dolphin in the Caspian Sea.  Even if you are not vegan you will surely enjoy it.
5	I used to live in Shadyside and had frequented this cart a few times and enjoyed their food immensely, and was sad to move away and no longer have their food down the street from me. So when I found out they'd started catering events I decided to give it a go, even though I did have reservations. It's always a bit worrisome for me trying a new catering vendor for groups at my work, but the food and service couldn't have gone over better. Ricci is great to work with and the food was great (as usual) and the portions were extremely generous. I'm in love with this business, wish I could give it more than five stars!
5	I love this cart anytime of day.  Great hotdogs, nice guys.  But it is especially good at 2am when you're with a group of rowdy drunk dudes who need to sober up enough to walk home without supervision.  And if those are your friends too--make sure to tip the nice men with the tater tots.
5	They just got a new bright blue food truck.  I can t wait to see what new delicious items they come up with.  Seriously awesome  gourmet dogs and sandwiches!
5	I love love love this food stand/truck! I've only tried the Pedro, and I can't get myself to try any other items in the menu because I am always craving the Pedro. It's an amazing hot dog with very yummy toppings! My friends who tried the other items said everything was fresh and delicious!!I don't hangout in Shady Side that often but I drive to Shady Side at 2am for the Pedro even if I was hanging out in a different neighborhood! :)The guys who run it are very nice, and passionate about what they do. What a great addition to Pittsburgh street food scene!
