5	I'm really happy, though a bit surprised, to see that I"m the first to review High Roller's. I really love this place! Fat Tony and his crew in the kitchen  haven't failed to impress me on any occasion. From chicken parmigiana to cannoli, everything I've had here has been great. Going past the place, I know you might be a little skeptical. It's across the street from UNLeV, in the 2-story building that's housed such legendary Vegas institutions as (d)Espresso Roma and Tremorz. It's next to a tattoo parlor, and all the flame imagery and inked ruffians behind the counter might intimidate you for a minute, but be a man and step up to the counter - the guys actually couldn't be nicer. At first glance you might think that the prices are high, but I've never been dissatisfied with what I've paid after I was finished eating. The ingredients are all excellent (Polly-o Mozzarella, Hebrew National pastrami, etc), and everything is prepared as freshly as possible. That being said, all the work that they put into making everything right takes a bit of time, so come in for a leisurely lunch - or call & order ahead if you're in a rush. The place is still relatively unknown, so there's still always plenty of seating and not too much of a line - but get in there now, because it's sure to change. I sometimes stop in for lunch and bring stuff back to my office - all I ever hear is "Wow, this is good! Where'd you get it from?!"High Roller's also does catering, and Fat Tony loves the opportunity to let his true skills shine.  Even when he took care of a simple to-go order for some cannoli for me, the plating and presentation was something you'd expect from a high-end restaurant - not what you'd expect from a plastic to-go box!Anyway, I could go on & on, but you'd be better off just giving them a try for yourself. My faves are the chicken parmigiana, the Vic Vegas, and clearly the cannoli. Don't tell them I sent you, but you can always say that you're a friend of Neil's.
4	Legit.Across from UNLV.Solid sandwiches easily shared by 2 folks...2 hungry folks.  Salads with fresh, interesting ingredients -- not for the calorie conscious, but definitely flavorful.   And clever combinations...I've not tried it, but am dying to see someone get it -- so I can see it --  a sandwich with fried mac and cheese -- as one of the ingredients.   I like the French Dip -- but I like mine simple -- a tad salty, but definitely good.The owner's food (and tattoos) actually have interesting cred on Food Network -- like Matt said, don't let the biker grunge look intimidate you -- these boys are really cooking.
4	Bring your appetite, the sandwiches are huge!! They all carry mafia inspired names and probably contain at least a full day's worth of calories. Take for instance the Big Freakin BLT, this thing has at least a full pound of bacon on it. Then there's the Mac-Daddy, tons of turkey, cheese, lettuce and a huge ball of fried macaroni and cheese on it. The Broken Fingers (chicken fingers) are accompanied by fries with an irresistible dust on them, yum! My only beefs (no pun intended) are the canned sodas, I need more than 12 oz.. and the common unavailability of one item or another. In fact I'm not sure I've even been able to order something exactly as it's described on the menu, however, the food has always been great. I have not been disappointed!
4	Amazing sandwiches. Awesome, funny employees. Portions are great with one exception: Drinks are only available in cans. It would be nice if they had fountain drinks that you could refill to go with the huge sandwiches.
2	The sandwiches are GIANT but to what end? I think several have just to much going on in them so instead of tasting like something they just taste like everything. Hum...I try to support little local places as much as possible. So to state my review in a more positive light. Eat here if you are starving and want very filling meal with tons of toppings.
