5	See Spot Shop is a full-service holistic pet center that provides one-stop shopping for a wide variety of pet products and services, including high-quality pet food, treats and supplements.  The new 1,566-square-foot store offers northwest Valley residents a broad selection of unique merchandise, including collars, beds, clothing, toys and grooming supplies.  This new store also provides grooming services and a series of veterinarian-supervised anesthesia-free teeth cleaning clinics. The Valley's first See Spot Shop location has been operating at the Summit Shopping Center in northeast Scottsdale since 2005.  Stetson Village, a 144,360-square-foot community shopping center, is anchored by a 57,860-square-foot Safeway Store, and has developed into a vibrant neighborhood shopping center offering an array of national and local retailers to the trade area, and a number of high-quality neighborhood restaurants.
5	I am so excited that we have a caring pet shop that provides grooming near our home!  We took our pets (2) poodle mixes to be groomed and bathed at See Spot Shop for the first time last month and were very happy with the results.  Our dogs were happy and looked awesome when we picked them up!   Prior to finding See Spot Shop  We had a groomer for many years and she retired so we had to find a new groomer.  We ended up taking our dogs to one of the local pet stores near us.  We used them a few times and each time we picked our pets up (hours later) they were exhausted - they slept once we got them home and didn't have any interest in playing.  So we started to look for a better place to take them.  So glad we found this shop!!!  Our dogs were so cute with their new hair cuts- they were jumping and running around.  They didn't show any exhaustion and played after their visit here.  We made our next appointment with See Spot Shop and we were pleased!
5	I am very impressed with this store. It is neat, clean, organized, and has a great variety of high end items for your dog. The employees I have talked with seem very knowledgeable and are very friendly. They also have a grooming area and they do a fantastic job. We have been getting our dog groomed at a different store for years but decided to give See Spot Shop a try. We were extremely impressed with how our dog looked and plan on using them for all future grooming.
5	I've been taking my 3 dogs here since they opened the doors, but have failed to be a good Yelper until now. I have an 7lb schnoodle, a 40lb aussie mix and a 60lb senior chow shepherd, all with a huge variety of different grooming and dietary needs. My dogs LOVE to come here for grooming. I am slightly particular about the cuts my dogs get (I'm a hairdresser), especially on my schnoodle, and and they've nailed it every time! My Chow mix is aloof and nervous by nature, but her tail starts wagging in the car when we pull up, and when she's done she's floofy and beautiful. My aussie mix is short hair so he just really needs a bath and a few extra belly rubs. The prices on the grooming are so reasonable compared to what's in my area (Cave Creek) that it's so worth the drive, and the staff and groomers have always been courteous and prompt! We never have to wait long for our dogs to be done. Their Scottsdale location is closer to me and I visit regularly to buy food (they don't yet offer grooming there yet). The staff at both locations are so well educated on the products they carry. You may feel the food selection is a little pricier, but the quality is so superior it has even helped my senior dog dramatically improved the quality of her life. I love knowing that I'm supporting a local business when I spend my money here. Don't hesitate, this place is terrific!
5	There are pet stores, and then there is "See Spot Shop" on Happy Valley. This place is AWESOME! I have one of the pickiest eaters of a puppy, and the amazing staff has always been there with samples of food to see why Ben best responds to. Along with the time and concern they give Ben, David and Marcus have always gone above and beyond in helping us with tips on raising our new puppy. Ben is a happy, healthy, well adjusted puppy who loves it every time we go to "See Spot Shop". THEY ROCK!
5	We love this place!! They know exactly how to help our little chug with his picky eating habits. Fantastic customer service!!!
5	Took my maltipom here to get groomed and I am super happy I did. After attempting petsmart and not happy with there service or feeling comfortable leaving my dog with them I left.  I called
5	My dog is picky with her treats and this is the perfect place for her!  They have a great assortment of treats and chew sticks.  We got her a "bully stick" made out of beef tendon from here and the man said it would probably take her a few weeks to chew through.  2 days later we came back to buy her an even longer one because she just demolished the first one.  It is her favorite thing to chew!  The employees are always very friendly and helpful.
5	This is the cutest shop ever if you have a pet! My friend lives near there and told me about it. It was like Disneyland for my two little weenie dogs. They got some new treats and new collars and I also looked into doing the teeth cleaning clinics. The people that run the store were very knowledgeable and polite moreover they were really sweet to my fur babies! I will definitely be back as I love to support local as long as they are kind people offering great services.
5	I love this pet shop! The man who runs the store let me in an hour before they opened one time to help me because I had tons if questions in dog food! I haven't tried the grooming but I love that there's a window so you can see that the facilities are clean and kind for the puppies! I also LOVE their selection for leashes and collars, they're adorable. They only sell the best and I love that they know everything about their products! Great place :)
5	The groomer did a lovely job on the dogs and they were in good spirits when I picked them up.  I had them do the extra "Furminator" treatment on both dogs and week later, they're still soft (that has never happened before).  It's perhaps a bit on the expensive side compared to what our vet charges but overall, I think it's a better value.  Note that the groomer takes appointments before the retail store opens so if you arrive and they appear closed, don't freak out.  Knock on the door and they'll let you in.  :)
5	I have found the staff at this shop to be immensely helpful and knowledgable. When switching my pug to a higher quality food, I was able to talk with the store person about differences and benefits. I switched to ACANA, and feel that their quality is above and beyond. Prices seem to be fair with market prices. But it is the services that now makes me buy from this store! If you want great customer service and knowledge... This is the shop to go for your pampered pooch!
5	WOW!!  Impressed beyond words.  I've been to this place before and have been happy, but today...WOW!!!  These people obviously love pets (yours, mine & theirs)!  I am very protective of my "babies" but was absolutely fine with leaving them in their capable hands.  They greet you entering the store. Truly care about your "kids" and treat them as such. And send you off with a secure "we'll protect these precious babes until you return" feeling.  We visited today to have the kids teeth cleaned.  The vet (Timothy A. Patterson DVM, CVA, VCP) cleans their teeth ANESTHESIA FREE.  If you're unaware of the specialness of this, become aware! Most vets clean teeth with anesthesia which means they insert an I.V. and administer medications to "put your pet to sleep".  The people who do this are very capable but, as a cardiovascular surgical nurse, let me tell you, things CAN go wrong.  Pet or human, individuals react to anesthesia differently.  The percentages are low, but if your baby falls into that "low percentage" the percentage becomes very high...100%.  Any way to avoid a potential complication should be considered.  So "ANESTHESIA FREE" teeth cleaning wins my support.  My babies came out acting just as they did when I dropped them off.  No recovery period or added risk.  And it only took 30 minutes (total for both dogs)!!!  Bonus #2, it's much cheaper than anesthesia cleaning (less than half).  Thank you See Spot Shop for offering this service and thank you Dr. Patterson for the amazing care and work you did.  I'll bring my "kids" to you any day.
5	I have a teacup yorkie and I've struggled to find a groomer that I'm happy with in AZ. Today I tried See Spot Shop and I am so impressed with her haircut! The groomer was friendly and did exactly what I asked for.  I'm also very impressed with the teeth cleaning and that it is done without anesthesia. The prices were fair, and the store was clean and cute. I'll definitely be back!
