5	Anyone who knows me, knows I am TERRIFIED of needles and going to the dentist.  Dr. Miller was recommended highly.  Now I know why!  Carmen, one of his dental hygienists, matter of fact, ALL of his staff are incredibly caring and compassionate.  The last dentist I went to was a butcher and poor Dr. Miller had to fix his work!  From teeth cleaning, to X-rays, to the extractions, there was SO little pain!  I should have written this last week, when they wowed me and I went for the cleaning and x rays.  Dr. Miller is like your best friend or close family member that you think so highly of,  They didn't hound me for money or try to do work that wasn't necessary.  They sure do know how to treat their patients.  I never felt rushed and you can tell everyone there CARES about their patients and the quality of their work.  The attitude is "old school" and I LOVE IT!  If you want a GREAT dentist that will treat you how you should be treated, do yourself and those you care about a favor....GO!   870-6881.  Tell them Chris De Marco sent you.  They will take GREAT care of you!
5	Returned today to have the stitches removed.....quick, easy, and PAINLESS the way a dentist is supposed to be.  It's GREAT having a dentist who doesn't charge an arm and a leg, gets things RIGHT and respects my time!  Dr. Brent Miller and his staff are the BEST!  870-6881.  Tell them Chris DeMarco sent you!
5	If I could give Dr. Miller 20 stars I would. Dr, Miller and his entire staff are so kind. They make you feel so comfortable and honestly care for their patients. Michelle at the front desk is the best. Greets you right away. Explains your bill to you and gets you another appointment if needed. She is so friendly and you can tell she likes her job and the patients. Dr. Miller will always make sure you are ok during the work he is doing. He will talk to you and makes you feel at ease. He is an honest dentist, and is not a dentist who makes you come back for unnecessary work. If you are in pain, they make sure you are seen. If you call on a weekend, Dr, Miller will call you back. I could go on and on about how great Dr, Miller and the staff are. I have been going here for over 10 years. I am sure I keep up on my cleanings and office visits. I have such respect for Dr. Miller and every dentist should strive to be as kind and honest as he is. Anytime I am asked who my dentist is I tell them to go see Dr, Miller. All of them have thanked me.
5	It has been very beneficial to me having been a patient of Dr. Miller for the past twenty years. From the first visit I have always received the finest service. Due to the professional,courteous doctor and his staff I have all my teeth and they feel great, don't forget to floss
