5	A beautiful park in the far south. They have some great play areas for kids and adults, alike. Large rolling fields of new grass. Everything is new and working. Great play area for the little tykes, almost a Discovery museum-like area for toddlers. Fun little mini town, with bike lanes, working stop lights & shops to play in. They are still doing work on what promises to be a very neat new play area addition. 3 cheers for Mountains Edge Regional Park!
4	This park just recently opened.  One of the nicer family parks I've been too that have a lot of fun spots for the kids and plenty of picnic table space.
4	The several parks that Mountain's Edge residents were promised may never materialize. At least we finally have this awesome place.If you have kids, this is the place to take them. Exploration Park has a fun western themed playground, but I may have to tip the hat to Mountain's Edge Regional Park. They have something for all age ranges and they are even marked as such.Starting from one end, they have the outdoor fitness machines that I previously only saw in Korea. Unfortunately, one of them has already been damaged. Moving over, there is a large area with swings, spinning things, electronic balance-mabobs, stuff to climb on. I'm doing a terrible job of selling this place.I really like the large climbing structure that looks like a bunch of floating potato chips. Finally, there is another area that is themed to a mini-town, complete with roads and traffic lights at intersections.After we worked our way through the various play areas, we relaxed a bit on the nice, large grass field. I'm very impressed with what they came up with for this park. Kudos.
5	Not sure why I'm reviewing a park, but it's so cool that it's worth writing a Yelp review. I've never seen such a fun and modern looking park before. Great place to hang out, no matter what age you are. There is a mini town for small kids, some plastic potato chip looking climbing structure, an exercise machine area, and lots of areas to play a diverse range of sports. Asphalt and grass galore!There is a wall to play tennis or racquetball, nets to play soccer, squares to play four square... There is even a hoop to play Mayan Ball! My only form of criticism is that these areas are super close to each other, so I would be worried about my kids getting hit by the people playing with balls nearby. Overall this seems like a clean, safe, and fun environment. Great community addition to Mountain's Edge!
4	It truly is a beautiful park between the green and the mountain. However, being yelled at from across the way with my dog off the leash would've been much better had she handled the situation by coming up to us and saying that dog needed to be on a leash full-time rather than talking on the phone. Other than that, it's a great place. It's a minor strike because I would come back again but I won't because I want my dog running without a leash.
3	Nice area...but Mountains Edge desperately needs a dog park!!
