4	Before I officially settled in to Las Vegas, I was trying to make a decision whether to buy a house or high rise.  At the time, One Las Vegas was in my price range along with some other high rises. Coincidentally, Temporary Housing put me in these high rise condos while I search and look for housing.  Sweet....I get the ultimate test drive. My experience...love this place.  This is what I loved about this place. -Convenient location to the strip, food, airport, and freeway.  -Concierge: Nice to have.  They can screen your visits..ha ha.-Parking is gated and in assigned parking structure-Security:  Always patrolling.  What I liked the most is that they looked out for their tenants.  If I didn't want someone visiting, I would just let them know. -2 level gym-Club House (pool tables, lounge, TV's, and even a small movie theater-Pool and Spa-Great views-Central mail center-Own storage room-Trash compactor. My shoot was located right across my unit.  Only had to walk a couple of steps off my door to dump trash.  -Full service dry cleaning-Maid service (if requested)I didn't end up going after this place for purchase due to 2 reasons-High HOA's.  I think my HOA's was almost double what my actual mortgage would be. -Units started gettting rented out.  My last 2 weeks here, the place got crowded.  There were a few times, my parking spot was taken (security took care of the issues). Overall, I gave this place 4 stars because of everything you get.  The whole time I stay here, I only had one issue. That issue was my AC not working for 2 days in the middle of June.  Maintenance took care of everything.
5	Amazing place to live .. And all the workers here are really nice and friendly .
3	Great place to live they offer so many amenities plus its close to everything and everyone that works here is very friendly! My biggest complaint is that parking is horrible... They didn't think it through when they were planning, one spot per unit and there's not many open spots for visitors and/or a second vehicle.My second complaint is that there isn't much storage space inside the units, no drawers under bathroom sink, no linen closet, etc.
5	Quite possibly the BEST place I've ever lived! If only it weren't in Las Vegas ;) I lived at One for a while in 2011-2012 and really miss that apartment.I was born and raised in San Diego and moved to Las Vegas to follow a job that I loved. I chose One Las Vegas because it was close to work and I love living in a high rise, but I didn't want to be in the heart of the strip. I was on the 14th floor facing southwest and saw some of the most amazing sunsets. My apartment overlooked the RV park and freeway, but being up so high I rarely even noticed either. The casino across the freeway would sometimes have music that you can kind of hear if you're out on the balcony.Moving from downtown San Diego I thought the rent at One was a steal! In San Diego you'd easily pay at least 50% more for something similar, maybe even double.Where do I even begin talking about what's great about this place? The staff are all so friendly and attentive. They're the type of people where you want to pop into the office just to say hi. The amenities are amazing. Big 2-story gym, beautiful pool area, tennis court, a nice path with benches. The apartment I had was by far my favorite apartment ever. The flooring, the kitchen appliances, the layout, everything! I had a one bedroom and the bathroom had a pocket door where I could close off the shower/vanity area and create a half-bath for guests. I wish more 1/1 apartments were like that!One thing that really amazed me, considering the winters in Las Vegas, was that I very rarely had to run my heat. Even with how cold it gets in the winter the insulation of the building, and allowing the sun to shine on the dark floor, was enough to keep the apartment warm. I could even open the window to let in a little bit of fresh air without getting too cold.  I like to be warm, so summers in Vegas are no problem, but the winter is too cold for me. Of course I ran my A/C in the summer, but it didn't have to run too much because of the construction of the building, and I closed the blinds during the day to keep the sun out.If I had a complaint at all it would be that I wish the parking garage were enclosed or underground. Nothing that can be done about that now, of course. I would have preferred my car to be a little more protected from the elements, but at least it was covered, which is a big deal with the harsh sun of the desert.
5	I love this property! The amenities are so nice, sometimes I don't feel like going anywhere but stay at home and enjoy what this high rise apartment complex had to offer. Plus, all the staff and security team are always friendly and there for anything you need.
5	Lived here for 2 years and loved it! Amenities are 24/7.  Gym is great,  lots of free weights.   The pool & hot tub is my favorite.   The hot tub has a fire fit that is amazing to sit by in the evening.  Also One Las Vegas is the only high rise where all your utilities are included.   You only pay power.  Cable & Internet are included.   Amazing deal! Love the location.   Love to park my own car.  Only negative is they could use a bit more parking.
