4	Wow...1st to review!  It's been a while...and this one is a rare non-restaurant review from me to boot!I work for the state of Nevada, and man is it hard to find good dental care under our health insurance.  Some of my lady's co-workers suggested this place to her and let me know about it.  They said the main practitioner, Dr. Hermann Nguyen DDS is very good.  They were right!I called and was greeted warmly by one of their front office staff.  They asked simple questions about what dental work needed to be done and my insurance information.  I scheduled an appointment.  An appointment that I had to reschedule TWICE, but it was no problem for them as long as you call 24 hours before your appointment (otherwise there is a $25 fee).The place is very nice, new, and very clean!  Very important if you care at all about sanitation!  After filling out your new patient paperwork you are asked to shorty wait until you are called in.  Did I already mention that this dental office is full of asians!?  It's a good thing!  A lot of the staff and dental assistants are either Chinese, Filipino, Hawaiian, you name it.  It works for me anyway, because I can let some pidgin slip and someone there might pick up on it!  Staff is all friendly.Dr. Nguyen is a very knowledgeable dentist and you can tell he keeps up with modern methods.  After my x-rays, he told me I had several cavities (thanks a lot, Max Brenner and your chocolate ways) but they weren't on my teeth, they were between my teeth!  It's pretty obvious that I got a little lecture from Dr. Nguyen about how often I should be flossing.  The guy is funny, he tells me, "If you don't know how to floss I can show you.  It's easy!"  Ha Ha doc, hilarious.  I can floss, just not as often as you like.Then came my teeth cleaning.  Man that little hook thing to scrape plaque still creeps me out.  But Dr. Nguyen did a great job and cleaned me up well.  He managed to remove all the tartar and staining that had developed on my teeth over the past two years since my last visit (to another not so great dentist).  He apologized for scraping a bit hard in some areas (I can still hear the nails on a chalkboard like sounds in my head) but it had to be done because some of the tartar started to harden.  I visited a few weeks later again to have my cavities filled.  Now my teeth are whiter and cleaner!  And now I floss more often!Centennial Hills Dental has pretty good hours too because they are open later than most dental offices here.  They are open five days a week:Monday and Wednesday - 9:00 AM-6:00 PMTuesday and Thursday - 12:00 PM-8:00 PMFriday - 9:00 AM-2:00 PMAnyone else here think Dr. Nguyen has an early tee time?Good people, good service, reasonable prices.  Check them out, your mouth will thank you!
5	Hermann Nguyen is the absolute BEST!!! I've been to at least 5 different dentist over the past 8 years. I always expect to come out with some discomfort and lingering pain when the anesthesia wears off. This was not the case with Dr. Nguyen. His staff is friendly and has been with him for years, which says he is also a great person to work for. No gimmicks ...just excellent service.Willis Nelson - Las Vegas,NV
5	Now I am a PICKY person about dentists and in that vein I sent my family to Dr Nguyen for almost a year before I set foot into his office, but I am here to tell you that there is ONE great dentist in the NW area and he is at Centennial Hills,The staff is friendly helpful and easy to work with. Appointments are on time and prompt and I felt good when I left.   Dr Nguyen is knowledgeable approachable and a very good dentist..  This is the place to take your family.
4	Love Dr. Nguyen and his staff!
5	Best dentist I've ever had!  Let me say I'm very jaded towards dentists I've spent enough money on work to buy a car and he's by far the cheapest,  most knowledgeable  and caring dentist I've ever had! Not to mention the staff is super friendly and accommodating!  My kids love him as well!  Finally found our lifetime family dentist!
5	We have been going to Dr. Nguyen for nine years.  My father-in-law (a very, very  challenging patient) also goes to Dr. Nguyen.  We all love Dr. Nguyen and his staff!
5	Had a appointment with Absolute dental at 12pm and at 9am they called and said they no longer accepted my insurance....my poor daughter has been in pain and not able to eat due to her toothache. I called and spoke to Leilani and she was very accommodating and got us in immediately. Dr. Nguyen was great and took his time with us even though we were squeezed in on new years eve. We will be going to Dr. Nguyen from now on. :)
