3	The Borgata is  a beautiful outdoor re-creation of an Italian village. There are courtyards, stone walls, turrets, and fountains.  The stores here are mediocre.  Most of the shops have gone out of business.  A few of the remaining are Chicos, Fatiques and a couple galleries.  Come here for the architecture not the shopping
1	Nice to look at, does anyone actually buy anything here? The only time I ever went was to eat at the Italian restaurant. They don't have hardly anything in the way of stores... this place is the perfect example of what happens when someone with loads of money fails to manage their property properly.
4	Sad that so many business here have closed - - this place is so adorable! Love the architecture.... cute bell towers like in Italy. But most people probably go to this location for their restaurants. Blanco, J. Alexander, and 'Pomo Pizzeria (my fave). Also, there's a great salon/spa here -- Dolce. And a bunch of other boutique type stores -- seems mainly like jewelry and clothing. But... in the evening, it's very romantic to walk around this smaller mall-ish area. There are many courtyards to walk through, even romantic fountains. And I love how there's cute little white lights lining the trees. Lovely. I hope that more businesses can flourish here- - it sure is a nice diversion.
2	I keep wishing for a good reason to venture past the restaurants in the front. Oh well somebody is losing a lot of money
3	The Borgata gets three stars for their beautiful architecture, great stone structures and the handful of decent restaurants (plus the spa). It has so much hope and could be one of my favorite places to hang out in Scottsdale...if only there were were more reasons to stay and play! Like I said above, the Borgata is a gorgeous center. It doesn't feel like Arizona and almost feels like France or Italy. I love the courtyard with water fountains and an enclosed area to sit and relax. However, there's one problem with the courtyard: it lacks any reason to sit there and relax. I wish there were better things like a popular farmer's market (with good vendors), live music with wine on weekend, better boutiques, a coffee shop, sandwich shop and maybe even a bakery! I know they've tried a lot of this in the past, but it's always missing something and never gets off the ground. I wish they promoted it more here and really leveraged the nice area they have. Sadly though, it's a little ghost village that can't seem to survive. Now in my description above, I was talking about the courtyard and retail, but if you discuss the restaurants outlining the perimeter of the Borgata, it's an entirely different story. The tri-fecta of restaurants includes Pomo Pizzeria, J Alexanders and Blanco. Then we have Dolce salon which is another added plus to the Borgata. I think the Borgata just needs to find some small cafes and shops that will play on the inner part of the center and then they will be set. Until they find a way to fix it, the perimeter of the Borgata will remain great and the interior of the Borgata will continue to be a sad little ghost village.
1	Hello Yelp........place been closed for months and being torn down, I've heard for condos.
