3	It's hard to give any bookstore 3 stars, but I'm going to have to.  This location is pretty nice and convenient at Carolina Place Mall, but the location can also be a hassle since it's in the busiest part of the mall (near the food court).  I always park at a different part of the mall, probably on the other side of REI and then just walk here since the parking lot is extremely crazy and I've seen a lot of "near misses" from crazy shoppers either rushing through or just frustrated in trying to find a parking spot for 10min.Overall, it's a 2-story B&N, so it can provide hours of browse time.  I noticed on the 2nd story there are big windows with deep ledges so you can hang out there [don't know if that was done on purpose or not].There are a good selection of other items aside from books:  movies, boardgames, novelty gifts... Sometimes you can find a good price on their bargain priced books, but I tend to do my book shopping at another location... that involves my house and a computer, but it's still nice to browse around once in a while.
4	This location is one of the B & N that I frequent. This is one of the two-story locations, so there is plenty of room to browse and they provide ample room to move around and plenty of chairs and tables. The parking lot access is not on a main entrance to the mall, making navigation a bit easier.They have a pretty substantial selection of books and other gift items. Though, to me anyway, the first floor seems to have an awkward layout, especially with the bargain books, references, and children's section colliding underneath the escalator. Though, that said, they do have a lot to offer. The staff has always been friendly, too.
4	I am an amazon girl (in size and shopping preference), so it is hard to get me into an actual brick and mortar store.  I don't particularly care for people, and sometimes mall people test the limits of my medication since they are under the impression that they can shove, sigh and bully their way through life.  However, this is a beautiful store.  Huge.  Wow.  I was just killing a few minutes before a lunch at Harper's so I only browsed the bargain section to see if anything looked like I needed it (large bargain section with many different titles and genres).   With it being attached to the mall, the mall noise can kind of creep into the store, but it isn't horrible.  They seemed to have a large selection of accessories (lap desks, lamps, book ends), gifts, dvd's and the like.  As Father's Day is the next major holiday, they had a few tables with recommendations "For Dad".Checkout was quick and painless and I was on my way.  Should I find myself at this end of the mall again, I would definitely make this a stop.
4	Right off the bat, this review gives three stars because it's Barnes and Noble.  This company has mastered the feel of relaxing, cozy, leaves you alone to browse books, etc.  Three stars for that, and for always having a coffee shop in the store..  The fourth star is because it's two stories, there is something really cool about having an escalator in the middle of the store.  It also gives you plenty of space to wander around in your own time.I didn't give a fifth star only because on the few occasions that I've needed assistance in finding something, the employees haven't been very friendly.  I like that they leave you alone and let you do your own thing for the most part, but if I need help then I want them to be pleasant.   I like going to Barnes and Noble just to wander around, with REI next door to this location it makes a nice evening of getting coffee and browsing.
