1	1 star. What a surprise.Nice looking Irish boy needs a Birth Certificate to get my license?"you can go online to order one"I suppose if I was an international terrorist there would be no way in hellI might be able to get one this way as well. Nah.Even had my school transcript in my paper work. (from a time long ago mind you) No, sorry, your not in our "system".Ah well. I did see a part of town I was unfamiliar with. People live out here? Be warned. A safe guess is the crowds aren't a whole lot less out this way either.Damn sprawl. 8-)Oh yes, I will be back DMV!!!
3	I'm an official Nevadan. Or is it Nevadanian?A Tuesday, mid / late month, 9:00am. Only 10 people in the Information line, which you MUST go through first to get your assigned # for the next line (just sit anywhere). And to verify your aren't an international secret spy terrorist commie from Mars. To add to this they take your old out of state license away once your # is called and you pay, etc., etc.20 minutes and I'm sitting at the "window" exchanging information, and handing over the simple 2 sided sheet I was to fill out.$26.25 later sent over the the Photo line of 2 people. Moments later I'm up, hand over my paperwork. Snaps picture, tells me she'll call in a few. 5-10 minutes pass, hear my name.I get my official Nevada Drivers License with a photo that has more than ever looked like a mugshot. Emphasizing what the desert air is doing to my skin. And proving that I need to lose weight. More than I already knew.Come and get me Cop'ers. I'm authorized!!!!!All in all a great visit. But I don't want to go overboard. 3 stars.There may be something to this "way up North" office afterall?
3	Got my Smog certificate. Now just needed my Official License Plates.Since I'm new in Nevada my car's VIN needs to be confirmed. So before you go wait in line to get your Number for a place in the "real line". Make sure you go to the satellite building (at this location) off to the far left of the parking lot. Here someone verifies your car's I.D.. NOW you get in the Info line in the main building for your Line number.........You'll need Old registration, proof of Nevada insurance, smog cert, and the old plates off your car (or just one w/ the stickers).Scoundrels got me for $59. I missed my old reg. expiration date by 3 days. $12 late Fee. (I was waiting for old paperwork. Thanks CA.)In at 11am. Bolting my plates on the car at Noon. Not bad for a Friday?CAUTION!! Do Not place your bolts on your dash in the sun. HOT!!!! very(that will never happen again)note to low life's: Please don't mess with my car now that I'm official, ok?
3	Had 2 vehicles to get NV plates and registration for. Went there at 10:30am and was walking out the door at 11:15. I was amazed. The place was packed. A couple tips:1)Make sure all your paperwork is with you2)Yes, you must wait in the long line in order to get a number. The service was friendly, enough, and the place is huge. No painted lnes on the floor like in CA.
5	A good experience at the DMV is like a great root canal at the dentist. It'll never be pleasurable. All you can hope for is lack of added pain.I originally choose this location since someone told me "The buses don't go there so it's not as crowded". While I haven't gone to any other DMV offices in LV, this did seem relatively uncrowded.Perhaps uncrowded is the wrong word. There were a great deal of people there but I still didn't have to wait much on most of my visits.Yes you do have to wait in line to get a number and I did spend 45 minutes one time (The worse of the three) in the information line. The other two times I got my number within 20 minutes. So while there is a large number of people, the lack of typical "government efficiency" gets the people moving on through and out the door.While the people don't look like they're at Disneyland there's a lack of surliness and looks that say: "Kill me - I'm dead inside already" from the employees. Everyone I spoke to responded well to a "How are you doing today?" and a "Thank You." So I didn't see the rudeness some others claim to see. Perhaps acting friendly toward the people behind the counter makes all the difference.I never thought I'd ever give 5 stars to a DMV but they exceeded my expectations in a positive way. If you're dreading the next visit to the DMV, and you don't want to use a day or two of vacation time, try this one. You might actually be able to tell your grandchildren about the time you got in and out of a DMV within a few hours.
4	DMV is never a fun experience, but this is the best it gets. It's the least busiest and newest of all the DMVs in Vegas. When I went to register my car I got in the line waiting for the doors to open, they let everyone in early and I was out of there before 8am, when they technically open!
5	Yep... That's right... I'm giving the DMV 5 stars. Honestly, I've never had a bad experience at this one like I've had at the Flamingo office or the Stephanie office.  Maybe I'm just lucky?This particular trip we needed to transfer title of a vehicle, get registration and plates. We made sure to arrive before 8am since we knew the line forms before the doors even open.  We arrived at 7:30am and there was already a line that was doubled up from the door. Around 7:45am a few DMV employees came around asking the purpose of for the visit and started separating the group into different lines: testing, registrations, license renewals, etc... By the time the doors opened at 8am, most of us already had numbers and were seated waiting for our numbers to be called. We waited a whole 10 minutes before our number was called. The person that we dealt with was very friendly and helpful.  She made the entire process painless. We were out of the DMV by 8:20am.  In my book, I think that's a pretty good trip to the DMV.
4	I can't believe I'm giving the DMV 4 stars! I arrived 30 minutes prior to opening on a Saturday. There was already a line....other crazies like me. At 15 minutes before 8:00 a large group of staff came out and started down the line asking questions, handing out forms, organizing the people into groups, it was amazing! At 5 minutes before 8 they let us in! I was G35. We were seated and they started helping people before 8, another great surprise! Less then 5 minutes passed and I was called up. The person who helped me was very kind and friendly considering what she has to deal with every day. I highly recommend getting there right when they open on a Saturday. Unfortunately during the week I have no idea what it's like at the DMV because...I'm working. Saturday is the only day I ever go, but it was not bad at all.
1	I had to go through the line FOUR TIMES.  The information desk, each time, said I was good to go on all the forms and plates I had for out-of-state registration.That was before I had to get back into a 90 minute queue for a missed/undisclosed need for another person on my insurance.  Or that I needed a Power of Attorney form for my paper (which they later said I didn't).  And so on.This DMV is like an actual ring of Hell I was trapped in for hours and then gouged $300 for my car registration.  I think I actually saw an imp.  He had a coffee mug.
3	I hate going to the DMV. Mostly due to the inevitable wait. However, this DMV is usually fairly quick. I've always had good customer service as well. It's the DMV so I can't bring myself to give more than three stars. I still dread going, but this DMV takes the pain away a little.
3	3 stars because the staff is almost always nice, but ugh I hate this place. I get a headache long before I enter the parking lot. Expect to wait for a long time if you arrive there in the middle of the day. And then every time we go there, they find something to bitch about, and on the phone they give you completely different information. Last time we went to renew my registration the lady sent us back across town for a wrong VIN and to get a new smog check. It turned out the VIN on the smog check was right, but DMV had it wrong in their system. She could have suggested we go and get a VIN inspection instead of going back to the smog place. We were so annoyed. Still there is almost no way to avoid going back there at least once a year. Yuck!!
5	This is the dream dmv experience because I arrived at 8:50 am to ZERO line.  In fact, the minute my number ticket was issued by the registration desk my number was called and I hadn't even filled in my name on the drivers license application yet! Wow!Before you go to any Nevada DMV, go to the main website and there will be wait times listed.  These are accurate because I had to go back to register my husbands truck and at that point, around 11 am the wait was listed at 20 minutes.  I waited 21, big deal. Coming from CA where DMVs require a whole day off work and a prescription for valium, Nevada DMV is like a treat from Heaven.  Make sure, however, that you read the website for required items before you go and try to register your  out-of-state vehicle for the first time because you need 5 different things: smog, original registration from your last state, your old licence plates, Nevada issued car insurance, and proof of VIN inspection (done at the same location as the DMV). If you are new to NV, get to the DMV ASAP and register your car.  The cops here are RELENTLESS  on registration and the fine is $1000 for not doing it.  You WILL get pulled over and ticketed.  Just a warning from personal experience.  The fine will be reduced to $200 upon compliance, but you will still have to stand in front of a judge, requiring another day off and more valium, hopefully left over from your CA DMV experience.
3	I bought a car almost a month ago, so it was time to plate and register my car. We came here because it's near my house. When we arrived the way was about an hour, the line moved pretty quickly. It was bright,clean,lots of parking,nice restroom and in a nice part of town. Now the lady that helped us was a little pushy about us having "proof" of my husband's military service, we were not looking for the tax exempt for military service. She just couldn't believe our out of state licenses with our NV addresses on them. She also tried to argue with me about  why NV goes by value and not weight, it was interesting to say the least.She also could not believe that the dealership cut us a check for the registration, once I got her back on track we got our plates and were on our way. I have no plans of keeping these plates on my car, cannot wait to take a road trip to Texas and getting the affordable plates on it. All vehicles under 10k lbs is 50$, NV can suck it.
3	I've been to many DMVs in multiple states.  This one was huge, clean, modern, and QUICK! I went around 3pm on a Monday, and was out of there with my new license (the unofficial paper one) in about 35 minutes. It was impressive.
5	There was a full house when we got to the DMV after 4:30 in the afternoon, but it went very quickly.  I was there to - drumroll, please - obtain a Nevada driver's license after living here for, what?, six years.  I didn't want to give up my NJ license, because it had imprinted on it the best photo I've ever taken in my entire life.  So good, in fact, that it looked nothing like me.  We also had a couple of other things to take care of, so we were very lucky to get Chris as our rep.Something about this guy, I dunno, his friendliness, patience, competence, brought out my sense of humor, and the whole hour we spent at his desk was more fun than a Happy Hour.  Hard to believe, but true.  We laughed the whole time we were there.  Everything got done, and done right, and Chris is to be commended for making the visit just perfect.  Likewise, the two women at the photo area, who were probably champing at the bit to leave the now-closed facility, were friendly and unhurried, even though they were probably more than eager to get the hell out of Dodge.Can't wait to see what that pic looks like.  But maybe I'll be better off than showing the old NJ license and having people think "What the heck happened?"
2	I cannot stand this DMV. I refuse to ever go to inside again unless absolutely necessary and will use the kiosk outside.I was able to go at 2:00 AM this morning and renew the registration on my car at the kiosk outside without having to deal with any worker on the inside rolling their eyes and disliking being there. It took seriously 2 minutes and it spit my registration right out. That was convenient! With the kiosks popping up all over town, I hopefully can just use those for renewals. I don't like how the employees treat the customers. They know that we have no other company to go to and have no choice but to use the DMV. This location is always to packed with lines at times wrapping around the building outside. There is a snack bar LOL. If you want a hot dog and nachos while you wait then you are in luck!
4	Who ever invented the Kiosk is a genius! It only took me less than 5 minutes to register my car. However, I did notice that they didn't have a long line and the numbers were being called pretty quick.
1	79 minute wait. Still here. Yeaaaaaa! Snack bar is only reason for star.
2	the lines were long and it took over an hour in line.. UGH
4	Lessons for everyon going to DMV in southern NV1) Go the DMV on North Decatur or on Carey.2) Bring all your paperwork... even if you think I'm not going to need it.. you'll need it.3) Finally and this one is important people.... get there between 8-10 in the morning. The earlier the better. This way you get there when everyone is dropping kids off at school, going to school and are at work.I have been to this DMV 5 time and the longest I have ever been here was 45 minutes and that was for registration and new D/L.
4	So no one likes to go to the DMV if fact I think I would prefer to have my teeth pulled out without nova cane over DMVs.  The kiosks have helped so much in saving time and head ache but every once in awhile you HAVE to go... BLAH So I was told of a little gem in the long off distance near alienate.  The bus lines do not run here (I don't know why that would help if they are on the bus why would they be at the DMV anyways)  So it's about a half hour drive from my house we pull up and no line to get a number to wait for your number to be called.  They called our number and we were out the door in 25 minutes at 2:30 in the after noon!!!  So about a hour of my time V/S 3 to 5 hours at other ones, yes I have spent that long at one years ago pre Kiosks.  OMG seriously did that just happen.  There were no odd smells, no one sneezed in my face, someone spilled a soda and a worker came to clean it up?! no screaming children and so many more things did not happen.  If anyone complains about this place go to the one a Sahara then see how you like this place!  What a dream...
4	This is the fastest DMV I've ever been to, the staff is helpful and friendly, the opposite of what I'd come to expect from  other state's DMV employees.  The facilities have always been clean and the noise level is respectable without feeling like I'm in a library.A note for veterans and military personnel: if you are registering your vehicle in Nevada, go online to the county assessors office and download the Veterans Exemption form!  You can apply the exemption to a vehicle or real property but you have to go to the county assessors office before you go to the DMV.  Veterans will need a copy of your DD214 along with the form, but the little bit of extra work is worth saving some money!
5	Yes 5 stars, because I have lived here long enough to testify to the utter inefficiency of the DMV from back in the day.  They have come along way.My drivers license was destroyed in a the dryer so I had to get a new one.  I walked in got a number and was out of there in 20 mins.  Not bad.  The workers were super friendly.Then to register my car.  I walked up to the outside kiosk. I entered my license plate number.  I paid.  I got my sticker.  5 minutes.I was disappointed that my car was a year older, but my registration was $80 more??  I guess that is a fair way to increase revenue.
5	This is my DMV of choice.  I've been here for everything for vehicle inspection, registration, new license and I'm always in and out in a fair amount of time.  You walk in and let the people at the main counter know what you are there for and they give you a number.  I can't speak for the weekend wait time as I have never been but during the week my experience has always been within 10 numbers of being called.  I'm in and out within 20-30 minutes.   Who can complain about that?  And the employees I have encountered have always been more then helpful and friendly.  I feel like the DMV gets a bad rap and they shouldn't.  I do recommend the kiosk if your transaction allows at the DMV office or AAA., even faster.
5	5 STARS because I am in and out in under an hour each time I go in. Always am helped by super nice staff too! Definetly a change from the other DMV's I have gone into. Good job guys! Keep it up!
5	I have never had much of a good experience at a DMV, until I came here one Friday afternoon. The wait was about 30 minutes, and the woman who helped us was the most helpful person at a DMV I've met. She helped us save on registration fees but telling us about the military exemption, and since I'm relatively new to the state, she helped explain the process so well. She even delayed her break so she can help myself and she ended up helping my husband with all of the questions he had. All in all it was the best experience I have had, but I think it was more of the person than the location itself that made it a positive visit. I wish I had gotten her name. I would drive down here anytime over the one on Sahara.
2	You can do yourself a huge favor and have all required documents in order before you arrive. You will find that this will speed up your time here. Also, call them and ask questions before you drive here. For some things you may not need to actually go to the DMV and can do it through the mail. If you must come here, I recommend coming early. Almost never on a Friday though!! Super crazy on Friday's!!
2	I haven't been here for a while and I avoid it at any cost.  I procrastinated registering my car this time and it came time to get off my booty to do something about it.  The DMV is kind of out of my way hence the reason for the procrastination.  My only intention was to hit up the kiosk in the front and be done with this tedious annual event all together.  Two 24 hour kiosk are located outside for convenience.  HOWEVER both kiosks are not in working order.  No signs posted.  Just a few people trying to dodge the sun versus the screen to figure out that the kiosks weren't even on. So the journey continues as we walk into this unappealing establishment where no one wants to be.  There is a line from the front desk all the way to the door today.  I've witnessed it being a lot shorter in the past.  We surpass the lines and walk through with our destination unknown searching for another kiosk in working order.   Looking around the big open room I see continued misery on the faces of the people waiting in boredom for their numbers to be called.  I swear almost every seat was occupied.  Thank goodness it wasn't me!Low and behold there it was with a few people in line.  Yay!  That burst of sunshine just got clouded as the line dissolved right before my eyes. The bi-standers hung their heads low walking off in discouragement and disgust as they probably were procrastinators too with a mission.  I hurry myself to the kiosk and the screen has all kinds of jibber jabber stating that the machine was offline!  Are you serious right now?  Point is how ridiculous to have THREE kiosks not working AT the DMV-not very convenient!What a blow to my get-off-my-ass-procrastination-bubble just now.  POP!!!As I decided to procrastinate a little more (I know-good God right?) I make the decision to process my registration online and just wait for it to come in the mail....even though my sticker on my plate is now EXPIRED.  I should be better at these things.  SMHAfter speaking with a friend she mentioned that she always registers her cars at Albertsons.  Wait What?  Albertsons?  YES!  Though I am going way out of my way one more time to kill my procrastination bleeding it is definitely worth the drive than to get pulled over for expired plates!  There it was ....a new working self service kiosk located right inside the front of the store! Two minutes later I was back in my car headed to the next destination!  Amen!Moral of the story is: Don't bleed to death of procrastination when clearly there are more convenient ways to not get your hands dirty and not wait for a lousy number to be called!  Who knew?!  Now we all know!  Check out all the locations available: http://www.dmvnv.com/kiosk.htm*These kiosks do not accept cash and only provide certain services.  Check the website for more info.(The Albertsons I visited was 8410 Farm Rd, -Farm and Durango)  Success!
5	Lines move fast. Fill out your paperwork before getting your number to avoid your number being called while filing out the paper.  I came in and had about 25 numbers to go before it was my turn.  I finished aeverything in about 20 minutesThe staff was very friendly and helpful and pointed me in the right direction.  I've been to other DMV's before where i needed to camp out before they opened just to get through the line faster.  This place is huge and fully staffed so you are in and out in a jiffy.
4	I was in and out in less than 45 minutes, including a VIN inspection. I pulled into the VIN inspection area just before 8:00AM fully expecting to wait until they opened. Much to my surprise an employee came and did it early. I then got in line outside, which moves extremely quick once the doors open. I grabbed some coffee at the snack bar inside and waited my turn. New registration completed, I was done and headed back to the car before 8:35. Very impressed!
4	I came here with a friend around 1:45 on a Thursday and we were in and out in less than 45 minutes. Line at the entrance went really quick. Our number was G595 and it was at G565 when we got there. We just passed the time on our phones and I would glance up at the TV from time to time. Something about eating lion fish? I don't know. Clean location. Security guard told an old lady she wasn't allowed to vape inside the premises.
4	This was the first day they were issuing the drivers authorization cards and the line was crazy before they even opened. They moved through it as quickly as possible. The staff there was very helpful and very kind.
4	It's not the worst, but it's not exactly great to be at the DMV. I think it's gotten busier over the years as the NW has gotten more people and word spreading that it was the least busy that now it is full each time. The numbers are called out at a decent pace as there are 30 something windows and the amount of windows open is quite a bit. If you have something easy to take care of - check if it can't be done online or at one of the many kiosks and outposts at grocery stores, or the machines outside of the building. Frees up your time and lessens the queue of people so don't be stupid, check it out! Technology is your friend. Depending on your issue some number categories have a ton of people under it "G". IDs seem to suck just because there is only one window doing I numbers. H is for handicapped and handicapped related DMV documents like your blue tags or medicinal cards. I was here for H (fuck you, don't laugh) and the visit was about an hour. Wasn't the worst I've ever waited and I was fine. The BF doesn't agree, but he was complaining 5 minutes in about being there....I think it's contagious and just in the air. You get caught up with the DMV angst when you were totally fine waiting for an hour for a table, for your car, for a doctor, etc. It's probably one of our more efficiently run DMVs so I'll give them so rare kudos and love.
3	Ahhhhhhh..........the DMV. Nuff said. Ok that's not much of a review even though it makes a whole lot of sense. It's been hit or miss every time I come here. The wait times vary no matter what your reason is to be here. To me, DMV can stand for Disgruntled Mass Visitors, Designated Melodramatic Vendettas, or Designed Mental Violence. Take your pick. They all mean the same thing. Nobody really wants to be here.The quickest I have ever been here was about an hour. The longest was about 3 hours. So im averaging an hour an half per visit. Since this last visit was 3 hours, my assumption is that its only gonna get worse. I have never seen the place that packed to the point there was a long line outside just to get in to get a ticket so you can wait even longer. All the visits prior were actually pretty smoothe. I guess more and more people are venturing out further north.If you are renewing you registration, I recommend you use the kiosks. There are two outside just to the left of the entrance and another one inside right next to the exit. This last visit, I was trying to use the kiosk outside but the damn machine was not able to read any of my cards for me to pay. I even tried some of my wife's cards. We even tried the machine right next to it. In the end, we had to go get a ticket and wait for our turn for our number to be called.So I am hoping that this is not sign that things are going to get worse. If it does, my next update will be minus another star.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #40
3	Prob the best DMV experience I've ever had. Then again CADMV is prob the worst ever!  NVDMV was big, fast and had plenty of representatives. My number was G603, they were at G545 when I arrived. It only took 30 mins to get to my number!
4	I like this specific DMV because 95% of the staff actually works... Nobody is just walking around doing nothing. Which makes their service fast! And they are always friendly here.
3	It's the DMV so I don't understand all the 4 and 5 star reviews...but this place always looks way less crowded than it actually is. I mean there were still plenty of empty seats when I've been there, yet I still have to wait over 200+ numbers before it's my turn! I would recommend coming here before they open to grab one of the 1st few numbers or coming closer to their 5 pm close time because they start speeding things up as it gets closer to 5 and especially after 5 because they all want to go home. I think I've seen 100 numbers called within 20 min! This location also has a snack bar so you can grab some refreshments without leaving and missing your turn. There are a couple kiosks outside which I don't understand because if you qualify to use one, for example renewing registration, why don't you just do it online or through the mail when they send you the renewal notice?
2	Last time I came to this dmv about a year ago I was in and out within an hour , now this place is way overcrowded , long wait!! Why does the dmv have to be such a dreaded thing . Dmvs in Florida are plentiful and hardly a wait! Hugh!!
4	Employees are always personal, helpful & accommodating here. Lines can get pretty crazy but they do move fairly quickly, considering. Also, people please have all your shit ready. It makes it a lot easier for everyone else.
4	I got in line by 7:30am and it opened at 8am. I was at a window by 8:05!  Friendly and fast service.
5	lines are a pain, waiting is a pain, the only highlight here is the option to get in line without even being there, status updates for who is in front of you and the ability to let people skip you for additional time... all from the comfort of your phone, at the house, sipping a beer in your underwear. i will never look at going to the DMV the same again.
1	I passed my drivers test & sat there for 2-3 hours to get my license, I walked out to get my sons diapers & was back at 5:03 the security guard would not let me back even tho my family told him they were waiting for me. I got very upset & started crying & the security guard laughed me out the door! Terrible customer service!!
1	Mom Had a drivers test at 8 got there at 8:03 paper clearly states you can't be more than 5 minutes late which we weren't. 15 minutes later the asshole at the counter looks up to attend people in line my mom said her appt. is at 8 and he said "we're done with those the last kid I took was the last one and you weren't here" we clearly were cause he saw him attend the kid then call other people to pay but never once looked at the line. She argued and he took another person and he was attending the other customers like they were stupid. If we didn't have to go there we definitely wouldn't.
5	What a relief!  For the first time in probably all of history I can say I don't mind coming to the dmv. No more long lines, no more waiting, no more wasting countless Saturdays and evenings at the DMV. I was excited when they first launched the kiosks because I could run down to the Albertsons a block away and renew it in less than two minutes. But now with the dash pass, as they call it, you can check in from a computer or smart phone. You have the option to call or text the number on the website and they put you in line virtually. No longer do you have a paper number to hold on to, they actually use the last four numbers of the phone number you check in with. No don't worry no one will see your full phone number except dmv.  We were able to check in around 8:30 from home, have time to get ready, stop and have breakfast and make it in to the dmv ten minutes before our number came up. This was for a new registration or else I still would have visited the kiosks. You no longer need to hate the DMV.
1	Appointment time initially said two hour wait. Four hours later still here but I just got a text that it will only be another hour. This new smart phone appointment system is great! Now if they only had hammers here so I could bash my head in.
5	OMG!   Text the number to wait in line.   Kick it for a few hours then go to the DMV just like 45 min before your call time.  I waited maybe 6 min!  Veronica helped me and was AMAZING!  It was after closing and she was so cool and patient!   Happy Holidays and THANK YOU!!!
5	There have been some changes at the DMV and I'm impressed. No more waiting in a long line yay! This new "Dash Pass" system worked well. With the Dash Pass you can text, call or go online and put yourself in the line without having to even go down to the DMV until it's your turn. They will text you with how many people are ahead of you and your estimated wait time and then they send you a command list so you can text back whenever you want to find out things like how long your current wait time is or to let them know if you need more time or even if you want to be taken out of the line. They text you with fair enough warning about when your turn is so you know when to arrive at the DMV and they let you know around that time what window you will need to go to. This is seriously awesome! I never would have thought I'd give the DMV 5 stars, but this new system really worked great for me twice now and the employees were even really friendly. I needed to renew my license so I had to go inside. Usually I avoid going inside since they have the DMV kiosks around town at a variety of places and it's so convenient to stop and register your car at the kiosk and you can do it at any hour. Sometimes though you just can't avoid having to go inside and now it's not that bad having to do so. The snack bar seems to get bigger and bigger and the line of people at it cracks me up, but hey why not grab a hot dog, nachos or cotton candy while at the DMV? When it came time to pay for my license renewal and the lady told me it would cost $41.25 I was shocked. I asked why so much now and she said that I would be getting a license good for 8 years. Say what?!?! Apparently those born even numbered years get the 8 year license and those in odd numbered years that renew will continue to receive the 4 year license until 2017 and then get the 8 year license after that. I kind of like the idea of not having to go back for 8 years a lot. I'm kind of surprised though since people do age differently among other things. I didn't have an issue with finding a parking spot like I have many times before and that was nice. I'm guessing the parking lot wasn't so bad because people are maybe using Dash Pass. I am happy to say that I had a quick and painless experience at the DMV.
1	Tues early morning, not crowded at all by dmv standards. Yet have waited over two  hours since check in, with no hope of being seen soon.  Only operating less than half the available windows. Can see fat supervisor stuffing her faces w McDonalds in her office, instead of getting off her big butt and getting this line moving. Obviously poor management. Gov Sandoval should be ashamed.
