4	It's not like me to praise anything overtly Scottish, but I have to admit I like the manner in which Slanj has dragged the twee and parochial world of traditional Scottish clothing into the modern age. The shop looks and feels quite contemporary, and in addition to the usual kilts and sporrans and the like, there's Scottish themed t-shirts and casualwear that looks a lot better than the sweatshop "Bonnie Scotland" hoodies you'll see for sale up the Royal Mile. Some of it even manages to be a bit self-aware.Far better than most of the tourist trap kiltmakers that litter the city.
4	Bringing the tourist t shirt into the 21st century, Slanj are a contemporary store that specialise in making tongue in cheek Scottish themed clothing.Along with selling some smart, stylish clothing, Slanj stands out from other tourist shops on the high street because its T shirts are ironic, clever - and actually pretty cool. You can expect to find a homage to the fabulous Tunnocks Teacake, immortalised on a t shirt print, not to mention some prints of a map of Scotland, depicted as the rainy place it is.Some of the t shirts are so cool I've seen Scottish guys buy them, most notably clothing from their Bawbags range. The Scottish independent designer label can be found in many skate shops, and proceeds from sales go to chairty. Taking on an Etnies, skater sort of style, their t shirts and boxers are quite cool street wear, and popular with younger Scottish guys.If I could give tourist shoppers a wee hint, I would nudge them in the direction of Slanj. Especially if they are going cross eyed looking at insipid "Bonnie Scotland" tees all the live long day.
3	Slanj is getting a star alone for it's name. It's hilarious, to me it sounds like a naughty word, I'm not sure why... but it makes me giggle every time I see it.Just off the Royal Mile, Slanj stocks all manner of Scottish themed clothing. Some for practical formal wear but other a little bit more fun and aimed at tourists.I completely agree with Marj that Slanj is a much better bet if you're looking for Scottish themed clothing as Slanj stocks much more stylish and wearable pieces than you would find in the likes of the tourist tat shops along The Mile.
1	Great kilts and tees, a few bits and bobs for tourists, but they get one star from me for consistently RUDE staff.  The aussie girl will insult you to your face.
