3	I am not a huge fan of the Le Drugstore. A multi -level gay pub in the village.I do sometimes like the large roof deck or outside patio which is nice. It never seems to be "busy" always just a few people hanging out and drinking pitchers of Molson.
4	This place is off the hook.  The location is absolutely gigantic.  There are six or seven levels of bars, dance floors, and decks all surrounding a central atrium pointing down to the main DJ booth.  Friday is lesbian night and was wicked busy.  The girls didn't seem to mind a few guys invading their night and seemed to be having a hell of a time.  We sat on the first floor by the windows as there is some amazing people watching to be done on Rue St Catherine so we had waiter service.  Our server was sweet and very efficient.  You really can't ask for more.  Saturday wasn't as busy but admittedly we went a bit early (10) so it wasn't packed but considering the size of the joint it's hard to say how many people were actually there.All said from the people smoking pot out front to the ridiculous amount of room inside this bar is ridiculously fun and I'll be looking forward to my next visit to Le Drugstore.
4	This bar is huge! The staff was so nice and people were very friendly.Decent beers on tap, if I'm in Montreal again I will definitely come back.
4	I wish we had a space like this in New York.  Huge, multi-level, well-designed separate spaces, not too loud, lively, lots of stuff to do, good prices, decent beer list.  We went on girls night and enjoyed observing the "scene" (if one could call it that), the band, the cabaret, the girlclique politics.  Great concept -- just could be slightly better executed.
3	I essentially agree with everything that Anna S. says below: "I wish we had a space like this in New York."I loved the amount of space that was in this bar. There is something for everybody here.  Friday night is girl night and it was super fun.  The bar is ultimately mixed in age and gender, and I really liked that.If you're a tourist, or you enjoy people watching, you should try sitting on the sidewalk patio and share a pitcher of Boreale with a friend.
2	Any city that has a multilevel space for women is a must to go. But I must say this was disappointing. Had I read reviews, I would have maybe not set myself  up for so much more. I thought by going on a Saturday evening there would be more to it than just the drag queen show.  The drag show was pretty cheesy and super kitschy. Alright for what they do. You know, for a lesbian bar why aren't there any drag kings in the mix? Odd.The top level section was closed. It would have been nice to be open. But it made the place look fuller.I love the lower level with pool tables, seating and a bar serving deep fried food.I have to admit, I do have a washroom phobia and this one scared me.  Needs cleaning. Have to say it, vile. I would go again if my friends wanted to. Ah, the problems of so few places for ladies.
2	Let's be fair.  I'm about 20 yrs older than the average age here.  So if you're mid 30s to early 40s and looking for a gay bar where you can hear tunes and drink...I don't think this is it.  Its huge and seems to have a regular clientele.  A good mix of girls and guys which is so different than the Chicago bar scene.  I do like that the house vodka was a brand name.  When we arrived there was a Tina Turner doing Proud Mary.  But then they grabbed people and it seems like it was a contest?  Its all in French.  We heard some good songs and the people from the crowd that was on stage all knew the dance moves.  I think the 2 big offenses for me was the back door where the smokers hang was left open so I got to enjoy all of the smoke floating in, and the bar tender spraying the crowd with water spontaneously.  We were dressed up coming from dinner and didn't want to be sprayed down.This place is probably fun if you're in your 20s and attending college.
2	It's a warehouse of a dive. Too true the beer is cheap. Staffers were very laid back as were the customers I encountered.I've got to say not my cup of tea. I want more in the way of atmosphere.
