5	I've been a Mini owner since 2005, long before I moved to Pittsburgh, so this is not where I bought my car. But this is where I choose to go to get my car serviced. Since they are the only Mini dealer in the Pittsburgh area, it seems a little bit silly to write a review of them, but I felt like they probably deserved at least one on their Yelp page! Especially since with the shiny new renovation, they are finally their own dealership with their own showroom instead of some shady-looking extension of P&W BMW, across the street, who owns them.When I bring my car in for service, everyone is friendly and very accomodating, even when I have last minute requests. They are also very realistic about the time they will need and always stay in touch about the status of your Mini. They provide a free loaner if you request one, but what's special about them is that all of their loaners are Minis. I had to appreciate this even more after my dad rolled up to my apartment one day in a Nissan loaner that he was given while his car was being serviced at the Porsche dealership. Come on now. If you drive a Mini, you know how weird it is to drive a "normal" car after getting used to its quirks, so I love that I don't have to sacrifice for even a minute. Plus, on my most recent visit, I got to take a Countryman out for the day! Now that everyone and their grandmother drives a Mini Cooper, it was kind of fun to drive a car that was such an attention-grabber on the road (def saw some people creeping on it in the Century III Mall parking lot, haha). Reminded me of when I got my first Mini and people used to stop me and ask "What IS that?!"Though some of the services I get here can probably be done elsewhere for a cheaper price, I don't mind paying a premium because I trust they will do an excellent job and I feel better having someone who knows Minis work on my little guy. Maybe I'm biased since I'm on my second Mini and a huge fan of the brand, but I would recommend this dealership to anyone who is even the least bit curious about owning a Mini. Once you drive one, there's no turning back.
1	Techs don't know how to do any work on a car unless the computer tells them.....no diagnostic skills at all.....Last time my wife went down here to upgrade her car I detailed it beforehand and people there thought he car was for sale ...their detail department sucks as well .....Just way too many complaints with mini's in general STAY AWAYY
5	I bought my car here and get it serviced here as well.I have no complaints about anything.the service department gets you in and out.I like to checkout the new models while I wait.
5	I had a very basic appointment (inspection) however, the check in was quick and techs are kind. Really appreciate the shuttle service to town.  The drivers are so kind and timely.  I do enjoy owning a Mini.  I have had only positive things to say about this dealer.  I purchased the car at this dealer and have had it serviced her since purchasing it three years ago.
5	Jason and the Manager Chris were very helpful in making sure we had a great experience. We went on a great test drive that sold the car to us by showing what a great handling vehicle the Mini was. Jason made sure the buying process was smooth and made us feel very comfortable. The whole transaction was very fast and very enjoyable.
5	Very helpful, I  got exactly the  car I wanted  faster  than expected. Everyone at the dealership was friendly and answered all my questions quickly. Thanks Jarrett and Chris.
4	Good, quick service. These guys know what's up. If you can schedule well in advance, you can get the mini drop off loaner. It's awesome service. They come get your car, then bring it back, while you have the use of a loaner mini. How cool is that? Pretty cool. The labor rate is killer, as in your wallet will die, but rest assured that the work will be done right so  you can continue to motor on.
5	We bought our first MINI from MINI of Pittsburgh. The staff could not have been more fun to work with. Not the typical car buying experience at all. We got a 15' Countryman and may have to rethink the mileage allowance...It is so much fun to drive we find reasons to go somewhere. Thanks MINI and thank you Jarrett Matson, Chris Lasko and staff at MINI of Pittsburgh!
