3	Yeah, I'm a shill and I admit that I like Starbucks.  But do me a favor and patronize 61C and Coffee Tree Roasters when you are in Squirrel Hill.  You can get a lot more ambiance at those places.
5	This is a nice Starbucks location: friendly baristas, and it's big enough to sit and stay for a while on the cushy chairs. Only drawback of this location is the limited parking.
3	Not my favorite coffee chain by any means. Is it just me or do all Starbuck coffees taste burnt and bitter? No matter how trendy, cool and upscale their establishments are I can't get around the yicky tasting bitterness of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting a bean...Maybe something has changed with their regular coffee but I have not drank it in about a year. And I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff but I am sure with all the sugar in those types of drinks they are delicious but go to a cash machine first ($$). Still I'll give the establishment tres estrellas (star in espanol) for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doesn't taste half as bad as the regular coffee bean.
2	A Starbucks is a Starbucks but this one is difficult to find parking
3	This Starbucks is in the worst possible spot in the city. Very small parking lot, shared with other businesses. Fine if you live within walking distance. Other than that, basic Starbucks, great mixture of college crowd regulars, and long time residences.
5	Here to work in the breeze, wifi, and drink my orange mango smoothy! Most of the time you will never find me at a coffee shop, yeah I'm a freak of nature that doesn't drink coffee. I love the way it tastes, and smells, in Europe I always was drinking latte macchiatto's. The caffeine just makes my heart beat really fast and I get all weird! I'm the person who jumps awake in the morning with an internal alarm. So I get my energy kicks from fresh squeezed juice and uber H20 with lemon consumption.I do love the feeling of sitting in coffee shops and getting to work! Today is the finest day since spring hit! Balmy, sunny, warming, and I can't get enough so here I sit on Forbes ave enjoying the simplicity of the day and the happiness I'm feeling for the little things.The people are so nice inside too! The place is filled with regulars and everyone is carrying on conversations like they've known each other forever. Plus there is more seating here in squirrel hill than over near Forbes on the strip, not as much people watching but I like this street next to Fanatics. I drive by here all the time and can see the allure. I think Sex and the City said that people who write at coffee houses need to be seen to write. I think it's just a change of scenery! My smoothy is very good, I'm relaxing, and when I asked if the fruit was really fruit the barista explained that it was made from puree with grape juice added. Good enough, and I know I won't be getting looks to leave from the way everyone is camped out in their chairs with computers and large books. It is a bit loud from the traffic and loud music blasts from  the cars passing by, a bit distracting. They do have large umbrellas though so your screen is not so hard to see. The older lady that was sitting next to me just left and said "Have a nice day honey" Coolio, I like it here and maybe I'll come out to write more often!
3	Well, it's a Starbucks, but if I had to pick a Starbucks in the city, this is the one.  Even though I seem to get different staff every time I pop in here, they're all consistently very nice, and very good at barista-ing.I had a serious addiction to these green tea lemonade drinks made by an independent coffee shop in Burbank back when I lived in LA, and this Starbucks is the only one who has ever matched the flavor.  They make a wicked good unsweetened iced green tea lemonade that is the perfect thirst-quencher on a hot day.  (I swear, I keep ordering it at different Starbucks locations, but this is the only one who gets the blend right!)As others have mentioned, the parking lot is questionable at best, but this location is walking distance from my house, so I can't complain.  They've also got a small seating area outside on the Shady Ave side of the building.
3	This particular location has a bit of a bipolar staff. Some days you get the nicest baristas, who take time and make suggestions, which make me want to come back! Other times, you are just left with the hope you have caught someone on a really bad day. I just hope my visits start to lean toward the better days!
1	Worst. Starbucks. Ever.I have never once been able to find parking here and there is never anywhere to sit....despite the time of day! (I have tested this theory by going at random times, like 1038am and 319pm- no dice). I have left feeling angry and dejected, which is NOT what coffee is supposed to do!!!!
3	I love Starbucks, but this one has terrible parking and a small sitting room.  The parking lot has like 6 spots...and no street parking!
4	This is my go-to starbucks for "getting work done". The staff always has a smile, and more importantly (for me) there is almost always an outlet by a table available near the back wall.
3	Perhaps I was being just a bit unfair in my review of--wow--five years ago.  On its own merits, this Starbucks is a pretty nice place.  Oh sure, parking is a bit limited and seating is a bit tight.But I was meeting my mom here before heading over to the Manor for a movie.  Because we both walked here at a non-busy time, the parking and seating weren't issues.Overall I'd give this Starbucks a 3.5 star rating.
4	Bad parking and worse lines, this Starbucks is no place to be if you have an appointment to go to. That said, if you have some time to kill, this is a good spot. Good view and better people watching, this spot is great if you come on an early Sunday to read the paper.
3	The parking situation is particularly atrocious at this location. If you're not lucky enough to find nearby street parking, you may be walking quite a few blocks. Despite the horrible parking, the baristas are friendly, and there is usually a seat or two available during the day.I usually tend to stop in to this location in the summer when I'm out walking, and I always get a venti iced passion tea lemonade with two pumps of raspberry syrup.
4	I visit this location maybe 2 or 3 times a month since it's near my office. I've always had friendly service and my drinks have always been consistent. I'm a big fan of the Tazo seasonal Joy tea and I always stock up during the holidays, and a around Thanksgiving I had asked a barista if they had it yet but she said it would be a couple more weeks. When it was in stock i went in and bought several tins. Well I went in today and the barista saw me and said "Hey, did you see we have Joy tea over there?" I was super impressed that she had remembered I like the Joy tea just from the couple times I had been in over the past couple months. Plus I hadn't seen the Joy tea so I got to get a couple extra tins! Now that is great service.Downside: Parking is a bitch at this location, you nearly always have to park in the Shady/Forbes public lot the next block over which isn't very convenient if you want to run in and out.
4	I evidently have a Starbucks problem, but I dig this location.For starters, it's really conveniently located right near all of the Squirrel Hill shops right off of Forbes. The service there is always quick and friendly. Also, I love the music in there. I have Shazam running often on my cell phone while studying.The seating is also particularly nice. Tons of natural light and windows. I especially love the tables by the side door next to the windows if I'm able to get it on time. I'm really able to get into a study groove here.The worst part about this location, however, is the parking situation. The lot is small and people are constantly duking it out for spots. It can be sort of crazy if you hit it at a busy hour. Other than that, though, I really like this location.
4	Stopped in here to take a piss on my way to Commonplace Coffeehouse. Bathrooms were clean!!
4	This is a nice Starbucks location right in the heart of Squirrel Hill.  Be aware that the parking lot can be fairly competitive and is actually patrolled by a security guard to make sure you are in fact patronizing one of the businesses connected to the lot.  While this location has a few really good tables for working, it has two large doors so it can get pretty cold with heavy foot traffic - dress warmly during the winter if you plan on sitting here with your latte!
