1	Why do I even bother going to any of the Station Casino's??!!!  As with all the others, they cater to locals and rob them of every dime they have.  If you want to win money, DO NOT go to a Station casino.  They all suck!
1	The only thing I like about this casino is the Sobe Ice Rink thats attached to it. If you live in east vegas, it sucks because you have to drive quite a distance to get to it. the other ice rink in henderson sucks, its too smallThe sister casino, Fiesta Henderson? ha no comment.
2	My 2 stars are generous.I didnt go here to gamble. And I doubt I will ever go back! The rooms are small, but comfortable and cozy. The hand soap and shampoo is actually the best thing about the place! So much so, that I pocketed all I could in my 3 days there. Hotel is divided from the casino, have to use your room key to get in, which made me feel safe staying there with my kids. Poor selection of channels.Hidden security deposit that NO ONE MENTIONED when booking, nor was it anywhere to be found on the online reservations page. No bellhop, had to force them to help me with my 8 suitcases upon checkout. But I tipped the guy who got stuck with the job. If you are single, like to gamble, and have wheels to get around Vegas, you  could do worse. But you could do a whole lot better too.
3	I'm giving this three stars because it's exactly what I expected. Nothing special, just an inexpensive place to rest my head. I was however pleasantly surprised with the free wi-fi in my room. I was able to work in the morning while my husband and son slept. Great bonus. This justifies the third star. The bed is a lot more comfortable than I expected and the room was clean and cozy. I would stay here again just so we can save money and spend it elsewhere!
3	Went to the Fiesta Rancho today for a business meeting at the Club Tequila.  The place is located right next to another Station Casino property by the name of "Texas Station".  The pro's of Fiesta are the Garduno's Mexican restaurant that has always been a good chain in town.  The Club Tequila that I visited today seemed like a great concert/club venue during the night hours.  They also feature the Ice arena for the UNLV hockey home games, which I find cool.  Overall, I think the Fiesta has a few extras that Texas Station lacks, and lack a few qualities the Texas delivers restaurant and overall look wise.  However, if your on Rancho and looking for a little old school Casino fare don't be afraid to try Fiesta.
1	Holy hell yall... I am a HUGE fan of stations. In fact when I worked for them they deserved theyre Fortune 500 rating for one of the best employers. But, this place was a dump. With all the financial hardships they are currently going through I can totally understand with this kinda dead weight. The security was SLOPPY! He was a nice guy, but the uniform material was unpressed and hung sloppy. The armed officer looked like barney fife outta mayberry withh is duty belt slung low. Then the woman at the Amigo cards desk totally blew me away and its times like that they should be lucky my wife has a tight chain on me. First of all I didnt know that kids even toddlers have been banned from the casino floor unless they are on the platform of an eatery. So, when Im standing 10 feet away from my wife waiting for her to get the amigo card the woman at the desk was like you HAVE TO stand at McDonalds you cannot be here with anyone under 21. Im like WTF? Shes 2, what the hell do you have to worry about???? and in a STROLLER! What is she gonna slap a waitress on the ass order a jack a coke, take a drag off a found cigarette butt and pop in her bus money and take a chance on the reels like some honky? No! Was she screaming? NO! Did she scream when I had to take her away from my wife? YES! Stupid fucking laws, you know why casinos are loosing money? Because they are overly dependent on Dincs  (double income no children), retirees and transients! WAKE THE FUCK UP VEGAS! If a casino is connected to a hotel, an attraction (like the ice rink outback), a movie theater, bowling alley etc.. then HELLO! Your gonna have families and kids! If you are harassing my two year old because you cant control the hood rats then find the revenue to pay for COMPOTENT security not barney fife! Ive done casino security for years and Im damn good at it. Never had an insurance liability issue in all the years Ive worked in a casino. So this new anti family laws are bullshit and its why your loosing money. Because of how poorly you treated us and how my daughter was made to feel like a prisoner having to be only on the tiled areas, keeping a family SEPERATED while one takes care of player card stuff and check cashing we cant be together? Thats fucking stupid. Bring on the state tax cause if this is how you treat paying LOCAL customers who would have ate theyre had it not been for your poor staff and nazi like regime then I can totally see why LOCAL casinos are going belly up! Sad sad state of affairs. Bottom line, I understand casinos are not a childrens play place and that some people cant control theyre hellions. HOWEVER I have better service at the Klondike off sunset and its PURELY a gamblers place, no ice rink or hotel so no reason for kids to be theyre but when we go for breakfast they have never treated us harshly or cruely like Fiestas employees. And the Fiesta has a frigging ice rink, so hello you have an attraction that is susposed to attract families and your being total pricks to families? I can totally see why it was a ghost town in there!
2	This Casino, which looks very old, probably seen better days. Usually I would come here to eat breakfast at Denny's. But looking at Fiesta overall, I would not stay here, even if they gave me a free room. But I'll give credit where credit is due. The gift shop, is small, but the lady behind the counter was nice and concerned, that I wasn't feeling to well, when I was buying a few Advil's and bottle of water. It did put a smile on my face when I left. Denny's has its ups and downs, in which, I like going to Denny's before 6am, if possible, the service seems to be nice before 6, after 6am, service kind of sucks. I think I gamble there probably twice, and both time I lost. The dealers there, would not talk to me much, not unless you tipped them, then they'll say "Thank You". Any other time, they'll probably glare at you for placing a bet. Being a dealer myself, I learned to interact with people, regardless if they tip or not.  Seeing dealers who don't say a thing, makes me wonder, why they even became a dealer and how do they make tips, if their not interacting.  Over all, I probably would suggest to stay away from Fiesta as much as you can. But if you have too, do not gamble, and just eat there. Denny's food was good, but service sucks after 6am, but if you don't mind the service, then go for it.
2	I remember when this place was pretty cool.  When it opened in 1994 it changed the game for local casinos.  It was once known as the "Royal Flush Capital of the World".  The Buffet attracted tons of people from all over the Vegas Valley and it was hopping every night.  That was when the Maloof's owned the joint.  Fast forward 17 yrs later......now this place is a shell of it's former self.  I walked into this place a couple of weeks ago and it hasn't aged well.  The vibe it once had.....gone.  The excitement at the slots and table games....gone.  The happy employees.....gone.My desire to return to this place.....gone.Return Factor - 5%
2	I was playing in a hockey tournament that gave your team preferred times and rink choice if you stayed at the hotel, plus it was the cheapest of the three tournament hotels. I should have known something was up, when one of the major cross streets was Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. (if you do not know what I mean, go watch videos of Chris Rock). Saying the area was not the best is an understatement. The hotel and clientele reflect this. I respect the fact that it is a "Locals" hotel and Casino, but so is the Orleans and Terrible's off the strip. The hotel check in is fairly hidden in a small alcove, and the casino is fairly smoky. THE ROOM- well what can I say, 2 beds, a shower and a tub, and a basic TV. They say they have wireless, but in a 3 night stay, the first 2 nights they had to come and reset the access point. The last time they did this, they said the access point in our room was broken, so we did not have WiFi, but they were "nice" enough to loan us an ethernet cable. The speed is terrible, and do not even try to stream a video with their network. Casino- Fair at best. Few blackjack tables, and if you think other sports are better than basketball, stay away. When I was placing some bets on hockey games, people in line were yelling to hurry up, even though there were no other open windows. (I was up there for less than 2 minutes)FOOD- when one of the fancy sit down restaurants is a DENNYS, you know you are in trouble. I value my safety and life, so I will be staying away from this place like the plague.
1	i seen so many bad revies i called to cancel and they said i will be charged full price of my stay even if i was to cancel.. WTF???!! now im stuck in this shitty hotel freaken ey man!
4	ok well turns out this place isnt as bas as i heard... its not dirty or anything at all. i had an great stay here. rooms are seperate from the casino and u need your hotel card to access that side , so its pretty secure. the hidden fee is $11  a day for bull crap newspaper and i dont know what else. but they had their own firework show on 4th of july and it was awsome. i will deff stay here again. it was verry affordable. i paid $98 for a 2 night stay. cant beat that
4	First of all, I live near this place. Also, I'm cheap and dislike driving long distances. So living close to a place that sells $1 margaritas automatically puts this place up in three-star range for me. What makes it a four, you ask?First of all, this place is for locals. No doubt about it. This place has deals all the time, and the Latin club inside this place isn't bad at all for the area it's in. It's actually pretty cool. I usually just come here for the drinks and occasional meal at Panda Express, so I don't know how good the hotel portion of this place is. I assume it's also no-frills, though.All in all, this place is alright. It's cheap, it's close to my house, and it caters to my demographic. I'll be here time and time again.
2	I only care about the ice skating rink, other than, don't care about the hotel-casino. It's as ghetto as the hotel-casinos in downtown!As for the ice arena, it's pretty awesome! Well i never ice skated in my whole life, not until my first skating experience took place in here. It's not as big as you think it would be. There are 50 cent lockers you can rent to put your stuffs in. Rental of shoes are included in the entrance fee which is $9.50 per person. And speaking of the shoes, holy moly, i think they never clean the shoes every after use, unlike when you rent bowling shoes (they spray deodorizer). They are stinky and wet! Ugh so gross! That was my only concern on my last visit. Other than that, i sure did have fun!
5	It's not the greatest place on Earth but for $15.00 per night I will not be complaining. I got a very comfy room. Beds were great, pillows better than Palazzo. I don't care if I did not get a panoramic view of the strip from my bathtub or a foozeball or pool table, no leather couches, no free room service, no free all I can drink booze, no free anything. But for the price I hardly noticed. The a/c was awesome, the tv had lots of channels, and we had a view of the city. Being that I am from Las Vegas I know lots of great places to eat for cheap. Most people don't know that you don't need to go far from the strip to get good food at an affordable price. They're just so used to buying the over inflated prices the hotels and strip restaurants charge knowing people will pay it. I used to stay at Wild Wild West until Days Inn took over, now I stay here.
4	I'm a fan of the station/fiesta casinos for locals. I think they are a great way to indulge in Sin City while staying grounded.I went here for the buffet last, but I've also gambled here which I do like as well.Buffet:They have a variety of food.- good food. The enchiladas are AMAZING. They also have a Mediterranean stations where you can pick out different veggies and meats for a customer stir fry type of meal. It's fabulous! The desserts weren't that awesome, but I was pretty full from the food, so I won't complain. You can also get $1 margarita upon entering the buffet! It's not weak either - I was feeling it after one.Best part - It's only $4.99 with the players card!Hungry??? GO!
4	Great locals joint with nice restaurants, awesome music venues(2) and cheap gambling. Drive through Race and Sports Book! Bring the kids to one of the only ice arenas in the city.
1	WORST PLACE EVER. My girlfriend and I stayed here because we thought it would be super cheap. There are several hidden fees and at the end of the day, if we would have paid a tiny bit more, we could have stayed at a WAAAAAAY better place. Trust me.
4	The price of their buffet can't be beat. The food selections may not be as much as the other buffets, but the food they do have is very good. They have a Mongolian station where customers can select their own ingredients and the hamburgers are made to order. The wait to be seated is short and the service most of the time is very good.
4	Came here with my family for a Sunday brunch and it was pretty nice. Our waiter was the most attentive person ever. He keep all our drinks filled and even joked with my in laws. I do admit that there's not much of a selection but we had such a good time. I would definitely recommend to use the make it yourself grill. It was fun and delicious!
5	I am giving the Feast buffet 5 stars because it's so cheap. Also for the money you pay, the food choices are more than acceptable!
5	Let's just say my siesta at the fiesta was amazing! I was in heaven sleeping in that nice big comfy king size bed!  Ah...I have so many good things to say about this place, just wait! 1) Loved the fact that check-in was incredibly simple (I used the Hotels app on my phone to book one day in advanced).  I gave my name, ID and she found me and already had my room keys set aside.  **One thing to remember is that no matter whether you're a local or not, you have to put a $100.00 deposit down, don't forget!  2) The room was nice and clean, plenty of towels, face cloths, soap and shampoo3) The AC unit was a traditional unit but was controlled from the wall, AWESOME feature- it got really cold fast too, just how I  like it!4) The bed didn't come with a bagillion covers like some hotels do, it had the sheet and nice thick duvet on top, lovvvvvved that5) There was free wifi access and a cord as well to plug in (which saved the day when we had a storm)6) Plenty of lighting and a nice big window to let in plenty of sunshine7) Newspaper every morning when I woke up to leave for work, kudos!8) I almost forgot to mention! For the shower lovers out there who just have to have the right pressure- well, LOOK NO FURTHER! This is the BEST hotel shower I have ever used, I mean EVER! You can control the pressure, and the heat is incredible! I even shut the door turned it to max and enjoyed a 'sauna-like' environment for 20 minutesPlease note that there is a $11 and change charge each day (resort fee) which includes things such as # 5 & #7, but seriously the room was only $19.79 a night so were talking like $30 and I got all this awesomeness!  Even though it wasn't a Wynn or Bellagio, it was fantastic for the price and just what I was looking for! For TV fanatics, note that the TV is just a standard tube 32incher, BUT it comes with movies still in theatres, a selection of your preference of 'out of theaters' Thriller, Comedy, etc. and for the more risky lovers, they have lots of adult channels; straight, bi, gay, lesbian- whatever your preference you have it! The casino itself was nice, great size and offered quite a few places to eat.  Check out Gurdanos! And heck smash burger too, they were all wonderful! The absolute only thing that I can say about this visit where I had to call the front desk was in regards to the ice machine.  It was not working, but I called them and they had it fixed within 48 hours.  It's not bad enough to knock off a star, so Fiesta gets 5 stars in my book!
1	My fiance & I went in to check on hotel rates for people coming to our wedding from out of town. There was a Be Right Back sign on the hotel registration desk. We stood there for about 10 min before a lady came over & said they will be with us in a moment. So, finally a clerk comes out and just looks at me. She says "Checking in?" & I replied "No", so then she says "Checking out?", and again I said "No". She let me know she was just coming on shift & had to set up the computer, etc. So we waited some more & then I asked for a manager. The lady that was in the back was now walking by & said she was the manager. I pointed out that ignoring customers is probably not the best way to get business & she just wanted to argue about what took place. That horrible first impression cost them a lot of money.
3	Excellent price, clean rooms, nice bed, friendly staff.  Super smoky, but hey, guess that's expected in Vegas.  LOVED their restaurant, can't recall the name but it was Mexican and had an awesome atmosphere and great food!  For a $25.00 room, I was very impressed.
3	Ok it's cheap. That's the best part. The rooms are dated but clean. The staff was vary friendly. I was there for the Armed Services Hockey Tournament so it was vary covenant to have the rink right there. The food is ok at best. The drinks are cheap. The tables games. Well there were not a lot. And most were closed. I think when I come back next year I will stay across the street. Best part was it was a short walk for games. The whole place is incredibly smokey..
2	I came here from out of town to attend a family wedding. My wife and her family also stayed here. The hotel rooms were decent. The casino had a huge slots selection. I'm not a big slots fan; I prefer 21. But I looked in vain for a $1 minimum bet table. $5 was the lowest. Margaritas run $1-$3 for guests. They're huge (IMO). The buffet was good and reasonably priced.My biggest gripe with this hotel (and the reason I only gave it 2 stars) is the extreme incompetence of the woman at the front desk. When I tried to check my father in law and my sister in law in to their room, the person at the desk couldn't find their reservation because she was looking for it using my father in law's FIRST name instead of his last name. She claimed his CA drivers license confused her. It wasn't until I demanded the manager that I was able to clear things up. We wasted 30 minutes with that ordeal (on top of the fact that we were tired from our 3 hour drive from CA)We will never stay there again.
2	Last resort to stay here, as it was the NCAA championship games weekend, so all the prices for the fancier hotels on the strip were extremely overpriced.  This hotel is old.  Our non smoking room still smells of cigarette smoke.  No free breakfast, fridge or microwave.  (I've received better value at a Comfort Inn which includes the previous 3 items)Pros: really friendly staff.
3	The Mongolian Grill at the Buffet is ONLY good if ROMERO is there.  Any other chef is lazy sloppy and makes uninspired food. but Romero takes his time and is a show within himself when he prepares your dish. He is polite debonair and I want to bring him home. Thanks for a wonderful dish tonight, Mr. Romero the Mongolian Grill Chef
1	After work on Friday I was looking forward to doing a little gambling and enjoying a few cocktails at the Fiesta Rancho.  I hadn't been there for awhile and figured it might be nice to be reminded why I liked the Fiesta Rancho. I started out in the Cabo Lounge with four deuces and two Budweisers and moved on when someone started smoking next to me. I sat down at an Alien machine near bingo and put in a $20 from my winnings. I proceeded to lose the entire $20 in short order. I sat at the machine waiting for a cocktail waitress (one hadn't come because I lost my money so quickly). Josefina finally came around the corner asking for cocktail orders. I ordered a Corona. She said, "are you going to be playing?" I replied, "I just lost $20."She stuck to her script and said, "I was in the area and did not see you at the machine."I said, "I'd like to speak to your manager."I waited for a good 12 minutes for Josefina to return before I noticed she was at the cocktail station chatting away with another coworker. I started to think, 'she didn't see me in her station because she REALLY takes her time doing her job.' She didn't think that during the time she was socializing in her work station that I could have lost $20. Needless to say the manager did not show and I did not get a beer that has a cost of somewhere around $0.89.  Now that's customer service!Moving forward, I'd like the Fiesta Rancho to know I will be frequenting the South Point because their waitresses likely give the benefit of the doubt to the customer.
2	Ok- we took a chance on this buffet, and was disappointed.  The only positive experience was with the host staff, who were really nice.
1	A haiku for the buffet inside this smoke-infested retirement home disguised as a casino littered with gambling addicts: Save yourself the timeExplosive Diarrhea Combined with mudd-butt
2	We came for the buffet at about 6:00pm on a Sunday. Regular price is only $9 and we had some two for one coupons, so the price was right  The selection was not great, but decent. They have two soft serve ice cream machines, neither of which were working. Soft serve has become a staple at almost every buffet, so this was a huge disappointment. However, it was entertaining watching people young and old attempting to get soft serve despite the "Not In Service" sign hanging on the machine. It got so bad buffet personnel had to remove all of the bowls to keep people away from the broken machine. The lowlight of the evening, though, had to be the poor eight year old boy who got sick and vomited all over the buffet floor, smack dab in the middle. Response from buffet workers to clean up the enormous amount of projectile was slow at best and there were not enough wet floor signs for proper coverage.  Chairs had to be used to keep oblivious people from strolling through the puke and spreading it through the entire buffet. We never did see a mop show up in the fifteen minutes were we there following the initial vomit. I felt really bad for the poor kid and shouldn't hold his misfortune against the buffet. We will probably be back someday, but I need some time for this memory to fade.
2	I'm currently staying at this hotel.  I'm paying $48/night, so maybe I shouldn't complain, but this place is so god-awful that I can't help it.  My hotel room is decent.  Everything is fairly clean and comfortable.  The casino itself is full of low-life people.  I tried to watch a football game earlier tonight in their pathetic little sportsbook and had to put up with drunk thugs who were screaming racist and homophobic slurs because the game wasn't going their way.  The average age of the people who come to this casino is probably in the 50s, and most of them look like they can't really afford to be gambling away their money in the first place.  This hotel is several miles away from the main Las Vegas Strip, and it's in a disgusting part of town.  I think I passed three thrift stores once I got off the freeway.  My hotel window overlooks the back part of a Wal-Mart.  If all you need is a clean place to sleep and shower, this place will work for you.  If you're on vacation, pay a few dollars more and stay at a better place.
2	This place made me feel like I smoked two packs a day while just passing through. The air is so thick you can actually see it. The clientele didn't inspire much confidence either. I felt like a victim-waiting-to-happen.
1	Royal flush Capitol of the world my ass. The machines are tight. The clientele is scary. I was constantly looking over my shoulder. I felt so uncomfortable here that a future visit is highly unlikely.
1	Fiesta, with a name like that, you'd think this place would be more of a blast. It should be renamed Siesta. This place is gross. No other way to put it. A casino that looks well past it's age. The Fiesta is home to a stagnant, stale scent of cigarettes, a buffet (which may be the grossest place you'll ever eat in your life), a Denny's, Club Tequila, a Mexican restaurant, and an ice skating rink.Part of Station Casinos, this place must be the blacksheep of their properties. I don't recommend staying here, playing here, or eating here. There are decent acts playing at Club Tequila and who doesn't like making a fool of themselves on the ice.
1	This is my first 1-star review, after roughly 30 reviews.Although reviews are subjective in nature, I think that Yelp reviews have an air of objectivity, which is why their reputation is what it is. I follow that credo. Since I've lived in Las Vegas, for one reason or another (mainly to play penny slots), I've been to practically every major casino in town, at all times of day: 6 AM, 12 PM, 6 PM, and most recently 2 AM.  This is my review of the atmosphere of the Fiesta Rancho casino. I've never stayed in one of their rooms (because I'm a local), I can't remember eating at any of their restaurants, I've never skated on their rink, and I've never gone into any of their nightclubs.I'm still scratching my head, regarding reviews written by other locals who live in the NW, yet have stayed in Fiesta rooms (and have checked-in multiple times). Can anyone clear that up for me?In any event, I've not gambled at the Fiesta Rancho more than I have at any other casino.However, I've personally heard or have been in close proximity to 3 disturbing incidents at this casino, whereas I've not seen 1 at all the other casinos combined.While playing there, I've heard gun shots coming from the other side of the casino. Many years ago, my car was vandalized in their parking lot. At the time, I didn't pay it a second thought. Last night, a woman's purse was stolen, and the robbers escaped without a security guard in sight. In fact, the woman screamed for a security guard, and one didn't come over for 2 or 3 minutes.Maybe this is just a coincidence, but I really don't believe in coincidences.Like I said...Even though my own property was vandalized years ago, I continued to play there through last night, so this review is not biased from that event.But, after last night, I'll never play there again. I don't want to worry about potential wrong-doings.I'll gamble with money, but I don't wish to gamble with anything more precious.Sorry.
2	Fiesta is not a great hotel nor is it very clean! It smells of thick smoke, and you come out reeking of it if you've taken a seat at a slot machine for 5 minutes. They have average eating options including Gardunos, blue agave, subway and dryers ice cream. For fun, there is an ice arena, club tequila, and a couple longues for the older crowd! I do have to say that they have pretty cheap drinks here, which I never object to. I got a margarita for 99 cents! Other than what I listed, there's really not much to do here, especially if you have some underagers! I recommend that if you do have kids stayin with you here, you should go ice skating or just hop next door to Texas and see a movie :)
2	The Fiesta Rancho is how do I say it ..... Ghetto. Very Ghetto!! Ok so this is part of a Stations Casino, but nothing like Red Rock or even Santa Fe. It is a older and dimly lit casino with lots of smoke, dirt, and of course equally dirty people. I would have to say that this casinos best friend is the bus line and the people who come here from the bus. Most people in this place I believe are spending welfare money and trying to win enough to pay for another week at the budget suites and other low income housing around the surrounding area. The ceilings are low, the machines are pretty old and there will always be some form of cigarette ash and debris you will remove from your play area. There is a bingo hall which is ok.. however you will smell cigarettes and urinal/fart smells most of the time playing. Even though there is no guarantee of winning coming to any casino, there is a guarantee that your hair and clothing will smell of smoke, and trash when leaving this place. I have never experienced the ice rink, or even stayed at the hotel as a guest... which I would never do even if comped. I have experienced a older woman vomiting in a trash can who was chain smoking and then telling the staff that she had some bad Chinese food. I also experience a woman who was sitting at a Buffalo machine tell me and my girlfriend that another man at the bar was "trying to get at her butt-hole". This place will play 90's hip hop/ popular music and does actually have some really nice employees. Please tip them well as they really deserve it. With all that said, don't worry about getting dressed up or even doing your hair when coming here as it is totally not needed. If you wanna fit in just wear pajamas, have some smokes, have some gold in your teeth, and of course understand the meaning of lowered expectations. Who knows you might be able to bring a hood rat heffa home with you if thats your thing. Enjoy !
1	Next time you order a drink and it comes in a glass.  Ask to have it put in a Styrofoam cup. A cocktail waitress brought me a drink with lipstick still on the glass {gross}.
1	The bed was good. The towels were fluffy. There were flat panel TVs. Water pressure in the shower was good. That's about all I can say that is good. Very small bathrooms, where you can't be sitting on the toilet and close the door at the same time. No in-room coffee, no fridge. I didn't notice it in our room, but the smoke really bothered my husband. He felt like it wafted up through the floor. 4th floor was non smoking, but I suspect the 3rd floor is a smoking floor.  Also, my son complained multiple times about the cooling system; he claimed it was loud and sounded like "a plastic bag flapping in the wind." The food at Denny's inside was pretty bad, even for Denny's standards.  The fiesta buffet was pretty good, but few healthy options (probably the norm among buffets). The Mexican restaurant was good but pricey. We will not be returning.
1	So where do I begin... I wanted to surprise my wife tonight, so I called to book a room. I usually play paigow here and just wanted to get away from home, so I figured this would be a quick get away.1) I called around 5pm or so to book the room. The lady on the phone asked me if I wanted a king. She also said that I couldn't cancel because it was same day. No problem. I said yes, because that's what I wanted. 2) She tells me how much it is, and after fees, its just under $100 for the night. No problem, I booked the room.3) I get there and there are 3 people in front of me, then three more people show up after me and only 1 register open, so I wait almost 30 minutes to check in. Even the people behind me were complaining and I'd been there twice as long as them.4) I finally get to the counter around 6:20pm and the lady tells me they don't have any kings available and haven't since yesterday. That pisses me off because the lady on the phone told me I was good for a king. Then the lady says that the king is only a "request"... well don't bill my card for a king if its only a request. Say that up front instead of lying to the customer and STEALING their money.5) So now I can't cancel and we're stuck with a crappy room with 2 full beds instead of a king, like I was told I would have.Avoid this place. They are liars. Any time you don't disclose that the customer may not actually get what they think they are paying for, it is dishonest. On top of that, they have the worst buffet in Vegas. I wouldn't even use my comps to eat there. I'm thoroughly pissed off right now because I'd much rather go somewhere else and actually get what I pay for.FYI, according to the lady at the counter, they only have 10 kings in the entire hotel,  but you don't find that out until after they lie to you and steal your money.
1	This fiesta and the one in Henderson is the worst. Both smells like smoke. My eyes burn because of the smoke. I've been to downtown hotels and my eyes never burn. Wish stations just close down the 2 fiesta properties.
4	We checked in yesterday and chose the Fiesta Rancho because we are here for a hockey camp that is held in the hotel's ice arena. I was a bit worried after reading other reviews that said it was smoky and dirty. I was happily surprised. I've stayed at the Venetian and New York New York and this casino is not much smoker than those. It definitely seems to have a ventilation system.  I have never smoked and am sensitive to smoke but honestly it's fine. It is a casino after all!  The staff has been very friendly and helpful. I was playing a machine and noticed staff going around cleaning, straightening chairs.  The rink isn't too cold for spectators, even in summer clothes.Food: my teenager is happy that there is a SubWay, Panda Express, and Denny's right inside the hotel/casino. We had a nice Mexican dinner at a Mexican restaurant in the casino last night with yummy coconut margaritas. They put toasted coconut around the rim with honey.  We haven't tried the buffet. They have Italian, Mongolian, not sure what else.Cleanliness: like I say, they're cleaning a lot in the casino. My room smelled very clean, even a little bleachy when we arrived. The shower is a little worn, but I don't care. They have a non-smoking area of the casino. No tables in that section, just machines. Public bathrooms in the casino are large, modern (lots of tile), and very clean. The carpet in the Denny's is a bit trashed looking but the Denny's is otherwise clean. They decorate a lot and have left lots of adhesive stuff on the walls. Weird, but not an issue.Room: clean, basic. No microwave, coffee pot, or fridge. They do have wall outlets handy, which is sometimes not so even in more expensive hotels. I have a view of a parking lot, abandoned drive-in and a billboard advertising a Hawaiian buffet. No free Wi-Fi. I think it's $6 for 24hrs. I'm using the hot spot on my phone. No conditioner.  Newer, up-to-date bedding. Air conditioner works great. Plenty cool in there.Location: 22 min North from McCarren Airport  on MapQuest.  10min North of Downtown/Fremont Street Experience.  Next to Texas Station, same property owner. Texas Station has a bowling alley, theatre, Starbucks.  People say their buffet is good.Transportation: taxis on site. We took the 106 bus from a bus stop across the street and rode 20min south to Downtown last night to go to the Fremont Street Experience. The bus was running every 30min. $2 for single trip. $3 for 2-hr pass. $5 all day. There is a 24-hr "Deuce" shuttle between Downtown and the Strip. It's over 100 degrees, so it was hot waiting but there is a small bus shelter. Not bad.Pool: basic, small, clean.  Clean towels provided poolside but no food, drinks, or dressing area.Casino: a few card tables, lots of  machines, a Keno runner circulating at least thru Denny's, a Keno machine area, several bars, a large Bingo hall.  I had an issue with my machine so lit the call button. The guy was there in about 10seconds to re-boot it. Very friendly. There's a bar in the center of the casino; not walled in.This is not as upscale as properties on the strip, but it's not on the strip.  Smoky? Yeah, but not bad. I would come back!-AC
1	Chicken was dry. Not a large amount of food, the sauce for spaghetti and meatballs was not good either nor was there meatballs. We wait 10 mins for waiter to get refill.
1	on Veterans Day weekend I came to eat the buffet with my family (party of 6) , one the hostess was overheard saying by one of my daughters " these people should eat somewhere else", ...really?, don't want to play the race card out here but maybe she was just having a bad day? maybe we should tan a bit more...or less.. not quite sure...as a veteran of this country I think it was a bit uncalled for, but that's just my opinion...last trip here, foods great but not now, not ever...truly disappointed ... not worth the one star at all, if you're thinking of taking a taxi from the strip here I wouldn't bother, why pay a 50.00 dollar cab ride when you can stay downtown at freemont at a third of the cost.
1	I thought this place would be great; but the rooms look low budget. Hallways end up smelling like sewage. Some of the front desk employees & cocktail waitresses are rude. The items in the room aren't as sanitary as the should be. The thermostat is broken. The bathrooms in the hotel rooms are ridiculously small. To me, it seems to be more of a motel than a hotel. The restaurants downstairs have the worst customer service available. We could stand in line for 20 minutes & still not have anything we've ordered. Waiting to be seated, at Denny's, is like ridiculous! The employees are too busy laughing & conversing in the back area.
4	As a local I love this place!!  The staff (of the casino) is very generous!  They truly do love locals. Other than a few select staff members at Denny's; I've had minimal problem anywhere in the hotel. I personally enjoy the bingo hall there (could stand to win more). There are many gaming options in the casino. The food options are not bad. They have Panda Express, their buffet is pretty good - especially the Mongolian BBQ - prices are reasonable, Subway is by the ice arena, their Mexican restaurant Gardunos is pretty amazing and next door they have a bar called Blue Agave with great happy hour specials and don't miss out on the delicious Coconut Margarita!!!!  There is also a Denny's in the hotel and I've had minimal problems with the regular staff, it's the graveyard shift you should be weary of. They are rude, disrespectful, and obnoxious. The staff of the hotel and casino treats everyone kindly and the players card has many awesome incentives. The bingo staff is friendly and personable and at times have felt kind of like family. I would give them 5 stars but deducted a star because of the Denny experience.
4	We dined at Fiesta Rancho Buffet.  Service as always was excellant!  Hubby was happy!
