5	Dr. Thomas Durisek and his crew at Open Wide Dental (OWD) rock!  I first came to Dr. Durisek a few yeas ago after seeing his ads in the local gay publications.  I've been a patient ever since because Open Wide Dental does such a great job.  The Open Wide Dental web site states, "Our commitment is to provide you the highest standard of personalized dental care with a gentle, efficient and professional manner. We trust you will find the atmosphere calming, the staff friendly, and our dental services exceptional."  I'm pleased to report that OWD delivers on their promise.You know your dentist is gay when you can compliment the decor of the office.  Dr. Durisek remodeled the space his practice now occupies and it is state-of-the-art. The waiting area looks more like the living room of a gay couple who subscribes to "Dwell" magazine and shops at IKEA than the usual dreary dental office.  The two massage chairs from The Sharper Image also get lots of use.  Check out the photos on the OWD web site as I didn't know you could get dental office Glamour Shots!Beyond mere appearances, it's the people who make the difference at Open Wide Dental.  Theresa is by far the best dental hygienist I have ever encountered.  My teeth form lots of tartar and she does an exceptional job cleaning them.  She is extremely gentle and the only hygienist who has not caused me pain while cleaning my teeth. The new office set up is nice as flat panel monitors are mounted to the ceiling over the treatment chairs, so you get to watch calming DVDs while they work on your teeth.  Dr. Durisek told me some patients have asked for TV shows or movies, but they've kept it to nature scenes and the like so far.  Dr. Durisek himself is great.  He's friendly, kind, patient, gentle and professional.  On my first visit, I filled out a form and one of the questions asked why I went to Open Wide Dental and I responded, "My previous dentist was a jerk."  I really appreciated that Dr. Durisek had the balls to ask me about the previous dentist based on my comment.  Right then I knew we would enjoy mutual respect going forward.  In fact, I trusted him enough to follow his advice of filling a small cavity without any local anesthetic.  He assured me that the cavity was small enough that I did not need local anesthetic and if I started to feel any pain at all during the procedure, all I had to do was raise a hand and he would hook me up with some Novocaine.  I've found that the injection of Novocaine for previous dental work was an awful experience on its own and Dr. Durisek was right on the money.  He was able to fill my cavity without any anesthetic and I didn't feel any pain at all.  If you've got teeth, then Open Wide Dental is the place for you to take care of them!
5	OK so I am not a fan of going to the dentist, not at all...but if I must go, and I must, then I will be sticking with Open Wide Dental.  Not only is the decor unparallelled, but everyone who works there is SUPER nice, and they don't EVER make you feel like a big fat loser just because you can't afford to pay for all of your dental work in one shot, they work well with my insurance and have set me up on a treatment plan that I am able to manage.  Definitely worth going to see Dr. D.  Oh - and Teresa the hygenist is amazing...ask for her!
5	Also not a huge fan of dentists (sorry Tom) but going to OWD is not that painful ... Staff is great and the offices look very comfy (see Ted S. review). Every one I met there is great and the practice seems to be very well organized and there are hardly any wait times. If you have to wait for a couple of minutes there are always those massage chairs ...
5	So am I weird if I like going to the dentist????? Not in a YIPPEE IT'S DENTIST TIME way, but it is actually a comfortable and relaxed place to be. Certainly much better than any other dental experience. Dr. Duresik and his staff are great. I have been a patient for a few years now. Weather it is a simple exam or something more involved Dr. Duresik takes the time to make sure I am comfortable, that I understand the procedure, and follows up after my appointment to see how I am doing! His staff are all equally friendly, professional, upbeat, and efficient. Providing a calm atmosphere where you can relax and let them do there job has been achieved. I'm on a first name basis with all of the staff and am greeted by each of them with a smile. Elisa and Theresa are great hygienist who have mastered their profession and provide a pain free experience. Jessica and Natalie have the front and back office covered with an efficiency that will have you in and out in a jiffy. The technology in the practice is up to date to ensure quality care as pain free as possible. It also expedites the checking in and checking out because it is all electronic. The text message appointment reminders and the friendly phone calls are a welcomed reminder of my appointment. The comfort factor of the office is a hit, the massage chairs are great, there are magazines and newspapers I actually want to read, and the daily SiriusXM station is always different. I'm waiting on WIFI access and then I'll be happy to hang out and spend more time chatting with everyone!
5	As a child I went to a dentist named Dr. Harms.   Imagine the nightmares!   My fear of dentists has completely disappeared now that I've been going to Dr. Tom Durisek at Open Wide Dental.   Dr. Tom and his staff put me at ease the minute you walk in the door.  If my dental plan would cover it I would be going in the monthly cleanings.   No I take that back, it would be WEEKLY cleanings!And if I didn't have to drive so far to get to his office, I would dropped in on the way to and from work just to sit in those amazing massage chairs in the lobby.   As you can see, I won't be looking for another dentist.   Never, never, never.
5	I actually met Dr Durisek as a neighbor after moving to the valley 9 years ago.  Once I had dental insurance I had to check out the practice after a painful visit to another facility through a dental HMO.  What can I say, I've never left--very comfortable setting, Teresa is wonderful, and I never feel pressured into upsells, such as cosmetic procedures, etc.  I'm given the information needed to make the decision and treated like an informed patient.  I've also never left the office with a bad experience ever.  Pretty rare to say about a business after 9 years- so I'm sure I'll be a patient here as long as I stay in the valley.
5	Excited to see Dr. Durisek get a shout out! I met Dr Durisek through a friend two years ago. I've been a patient now for a year. His office is near my house, which is very convenient. Dr. Durisek and staff are wonderful, and make sure that everyone is comfortable. If you are in Central Phoenix and looking for a great Dentist Dr. Durisek and Open Wide Dental should be your destination!
5	I've always hated dentists -- something about dental pain that's especially scary. But I had serious pain, so I had to break down and go see a dentist. The dentist who I've used for years because he's so gentle has become unaffordable in my current economic circumstances, so I looked to Yelp for recommendations. Open Wide Dental saw me right away even though I was a new patient -- within the hour! The diagnosed the problem: I had cracked a molar from heavy grinding at night. And today I went back for treatment: getting a crown. Dr. Butler is absolutely the most gentle dentist I have ever been to. She was completely sympathetic to all my fears and she and the rest of the office made sure I was comfortable and at ease. I usually hate, hate, hate getting the Novocain shot in my gums, but I wasn't even aware when Dr. Butler gave me the shot. And the business side of the office has been great with making it easy for me to pay for the treatment. I am so pleased I discovered Open Wide Dental! And... they are at 7th Ave & Maryland, so completely easy to get to.
5	I have been a customer of Open Wide Dental for about 1 1/2 years. Great crew, awesome atmosphere. The girls are very gentle with their tools and the price is right.
5	I remember an episode of "Seinfeld" in which Jerry tells the joke: "What's the difference between a dentist and a sadist? Newer magazines!" I think that's funny... but had I never been to any other dentist besides Open Wide Dental, I probably wouldn't have gotten the joke.I walked in and the staff was courteous and friendly. She offered me a bottle of water to have while I filled out the paperwork and waited for my appointment. Now... next time I go, I'm going to show up extra early, because they have massage chairs. So I was trying to fill out paperwork while getting a shiatsu. Even the decor was a nice change, as it was very calming, modern and chic... as opposed to that typically clinical look most offices have.I went to get my X-rays, and the assistant was very gentle. I have a horrible gag reflex... so bad that the roof of my mouth, back half of my tongue, anything under my tongue and anything beyond the first set of molars is off limits, but she worked around it and I did fine. Next I did the cleaning... and they actually gave me this sunglasses/visor thing to block out the overhead light. That was great, because seeing that light in combination with prodding and stabbing around in my mouth is reminiscent of near death experience stories. In any case, the assistant was pretty gentle and thorough. In the end, the entire staff was very nice, gentle and helpful. They are quite accommodating and I think they do a great job of eliminating terror from the dentist experience.
5	I have moved to Open Wide Dental after being at the last dentist for over 16 years...The staff is great; love the massage chairs; in fact go to my appointment early, so I can relax in the massage chairs...Now, I have a great dentist to go to for my consistant dental care...
5	OK I say they change the name of Open Wide Dental to Up and Died Dental. And I mean that in only a good way. Walking into this dental office is like walking into a boutique hotel lobby. Modern. Clean. Well designed. Warm. Light. Fountain. Massage chairs....What? Wait. What?Yep.Massage chairs people. Far away from the sounds of gurgling, drilling and chunks of plaque and tartar hitting the wall, are two massage chairs in the second room off the main lobby. I thought, "probably going to be some cheap ass novelty chair". "Probably no better than the vibrating beds at Lita's Motel (hourly rates on the weekend!) in Champlain, Minnesota" (it was a prom thing, don't ask). These are state of the art baby and nearly put me to sleep. I went with Swedish and I believe there were two other options. What a brilliant idea. They told me some of their patients come early for appointments just to have a good massage. DONE!Now the bad news is I need some work done. Ugh. UGH! Dental work. UGH!  Not only did I have x rays done, but a teeny, tiny little camera was in my mouth taking pictures. Pahleeze! If these walls could talk honey! The pictures were amazing to see. The details were, well, actually pretty gross. Ewww...I was well taken care of by all. Seriously. Not only will I be VERY early to my next appointment (end of March in case anyone wants to join me in the next massage chair...you bring the champagne!)...but I may just book a room for the night.Something tells me I would find a mint on my pillow. Yep. Up and Died.
5	I've had such anxiety over dental work that it kept me from the dentist for over 5 years.  Not surprisingly that led to needing significant work done (and more still to come).  Everyone in the office was very understanding and really helped to calm my nerves and made it a completely pain free experience.  I feel like I can finally get past my anxiety now, knowing that I'm in such good hands.  I would highly recommend this practice to anyone, especially those with anxiety over dental work.  They are fantastic!!
1	*****If you have braces - This Dentist will flirt with you - Then ask you to come back when your braces are off*****The only good thing I have to say about this office is that I received a nice massage before my visit.I had a tooth ache and wanted to have my teeth cleaned so I scheduled an appointment. At time of scheduling I informed the receptionist that I had braces.I came into the office. I had my massage then went to have x-rays... Hi nurse 1.5 x-rays will not come out with braces!!! The Dentist told her about this only after 6 shots of 'the bright light' Haha!!!I told the dentist when he came in that I had a tooth ache and I had a sore on the roof of my mouth.  He said my dental braces caused a minor aphthous ulcer. But I tried to remind him it was on the roof of my mouth though.I was asked to come back into the office when I had my braces removed and not to worry about the soars.--------------------------(1 month later - I still have my braces in)I gladly went to another dentist and had to have two teeth removed. One infected tooth had begun to infect my other. One could have been save if treated correctly. Thanks a Bunch Open Wide Dental!!!
4	So, I am one of those people that is terrified of going to the dentist and I only go every couple of years. Yes, it is unhealthy cycle but I was very much at peace with that! I eased my guilty conscience by buying one of those awesome sonic toothbrushes. Anyhoo, I finally got my lazy butt to this dentist based on previous reviewers and that they take my insurance. Oh did I mention, I pay for the best dental insurance ever year and never use it? Yeah, that's me. I recently set up an appt to have a cleaning and x-rays done. My first appt ended up getting split into two when the hygenist had to go home for the day. So, I could only get the x-rays done. I forget his name (Jason?) who was doing the x-rays, but he was so nice and friendly. He didn't give me a hard time about my extended time between visits. And because I had to come back the next morning for the cleaning, they gave me a $10 Bath & Body Works gift card for my inconvenience. Very unnecessary but I really appreciated the gesture. I came back the next morning and while I waited, I sat in one of those massage chairs. Holy mother of god, I was falling asleep while waiting for the cleaning! I was truly drowsy when they called me back. A pretty good trick, I must say. I can't remember my hygenist's name but she did a great job with my cleaning. I didn't limp out of there in pain as I have with prior dentists in the past. The dentist was equally friendly and did a nice job explaining what I needed done and in what order of importance. Everyone was great. I love how modern the decor is and also the high-tech equipment they use. I think this dentist is going to be a keeper and keep me on my toes!
5	Open Wide Dental is the best Dentist I've ever gone to. Everybody there is extremely nice and caring. From the moment you walk in you feel the difference, from the warm welcome to the Zen Room (a waiting area you actually look forward to hang out in), to the dental suits designed for your comfort, to the unsurpassed expertise of the doctors and staff. The work they do demonstrates a passion for dentistry like none I've ever experienced. Rest assured no detail has been missed, but most impotently the level of workmanship is beyond exceptional. Open Wide Dental changed my life with a smile...... a smile I carry with me everywhere now reflecting not only bright healthy teeth but a renewed self confidence. I recommend Open Wide Dental, they will change the way you see yourself!!
1	If you don't mind your dental insurance and your own pocketbook paying for fancy furniture, spiral staircases and flat screen tv's over the dental chair then this is the place for you.  yeah, they are friendly enough, but i wasn't impressed with the work.  the crown they put on my tooth fell out within a year; my new dentist said they never should have crowned it as there wasn't enough stable tooth to put a crown onto...i should have had an implant.  i think they just wanted my money in their own pocket instead of in the periodontist's pocket.  Just not that impressed by the shiny "veneer" of this place (sorry, i couldn't resist).   find a dentist that knows their stuff and focuses on that instead of the foo-foo frills.
5	The place is clean and bright and the staff is friendly and professional. I like the clear billing statements and estimates. The other reviews cover it all. I have had a few questions with billing my insurance company, and they have cleared it up every time. I love the relaxed feel of the place so much that it makes me look forward to going to the dentist.Expect them to offer more cosmetic-type services such as whitening because this is where all dentists make money, but it's not a problem.I LOVE that they play whatever kind of music they want. I'm sure they would let you plug in your iPod to the stereo system if you were ever so inclined.
5	THE BEST! Very professional! ...NO complaints at ALL!  Very gay friendly, too!  :)
5	Raise your hand if you LOVE going to the dentist! What? No hands? Anyone? Bueller? Bueller?Well, obviously you don't take your teeth to Open Wide Dental. Best team in town. Hands down. Teeth down? Well, you get the update idea! Thank you, thank you, thank you for helping my mouth heal, for being so kind and taking such good care of me. Shout out to THE BEST HYGENIST ever! Yes, I still hug her after my cleaning.
1	I was assaulted by a childhood dentist, and it's hard to trust a dentist because of that, a detail that this office was pretty well aware of, through the intake forms and verbal explanations.  They were exceptionally good, and worked hard to earn my trust, which is harder to earn than perhaps is fair, because of my past.  Last fall, I had a rough visit that really got to me, and it shook my trust, but the staff understood and we worked together to get past that difficult part.  No problem, right?  I wish.I took a moment to breathe before sitting down before a cleaning on Monday, and then before the cleaning could occur, the dentist figured out that one of my teeth hurts because I have a filling that's falling apart.  I was told it could be fixed instead of the cleaning, so I agreed, but then was told they couldn't do it due to staffing.  And they couldn't do the cleaning, or anything else.  I left very confused and uncertain and feeling kind of abandoned, but the awesome office staff figured out what was going on, and finally explained to me what was going on, and we got me rescheduled and all is well.  No problem, right?  Yeah, I still wish.I was informed this morning that they will not fix the problem filling at all, and that the office believes that patients who were molested by a childhood dentist, are best treated with sedation, so that they have no control over or even knowledge of what's being done to their body.  I will be trying a new dentist this afternoon, to fix my broken filling.  I thought this office was great, and they had worked hard to earn my trust, 100%, even in the face of difficult appointments that scared me, and then to turn around and violate my trust in this manner?  I simply cannot recommend any medical professional who believes so strongly in re-victimizing rape survivors, for the crime of needing a moment to breathe, and needing to be informed of what's going on with scheduling.
5	Unbelievable caring team.  This dentist and his team are such a blessing to me. Thank You!
5	The BEST.  Great staff. Great dentists (and no, they're not forcing me to say that) and great care.
1	I phoned in advance and explained exactly what I needed and these people went out of their way to bring me in. Being that this was to be my young son's first ever dentist experience I took a lot of care in choosing a dentist and setting up the appointments.  I made two appointments; one for myself and one for my son.  All I wanted was a cleaning and all they wanted was to make an extra buck off me.  Teeth cleaning was sub-par.  When we came back the next week for my son I was asked if I had any errands to run as his appointment had been bumped 45 minutes to an hour due to the first patient being late.  I won't be back, and I would never recommend this dentist.
5	I have been coming here for years. Everyone is so nice and my cleanings go by fast and painless. Theresa is great and so is Dr. Durisek.
5	I needed a new dentist and after shopping around I read the reviews on here. I'd have to say my experiences have been exactly on par with all the 5star ones. Great service, great friendly staff, comfortable environment. I truly do not feel like just a number or some herded cattle being moved along in this office. Dr Durisek has done a great job in creating a wonderful experience (if one can actually be had in a dentists office.) I don't believe I've run into one staff member yet, in quite a few visits, that hasn't been friendly and helpful and a joy to be around.  There are certainly cheaper dental offices out there, but "cheaper" isn't just descriptive of the price.  I'm very happy with my dentist! (Is one allowed to say that about a dentist?)
1	As a preface in the past I've been happy with Open Wide Dental, and have been going here for almost 4 years now off and on, but a series of circumstances have left an extremely bitter taste in my mouth. To begin back towards the beginning of the month I called them because I was having issues with one of my teeth and wanted a call back to see about any financing or if they could help me out in any way since I'm low income like they have in the past. No response after close to a week, this should have been my first sign, but I called again, they left a voice mail soon after with no real answer to my question, it was basically "We'll see, maybe, after you see us". Not really the kind of response I wanted since my concern was finances, what if I went in and they couldn't work with me now?Anyway I took the chance (once again it is my fault for ignoring the signs) and called them back, made an appointment for a couple of weeks. The night before my appointment I became ill which was keeping me awake as well, so I had no choice but to cancel my appointment. To be fair it was past the normal 24 hr window (I left the message around 12 am because I knew there was no way I was going to feel good enough to go) cancellation I've ever made with them. I called them that morning to make sure they got my message, they did, and that was that. A week later I get a $50 "no show" bill sent to me. Which they have every right to do, but doesn't make it good business when you have a loyal customer who always shows up to their appointments, AND referred MULTIPLE people to their location. I was, of course, upset and did call and leave a message expressing my disappointment and that I was a bit angry about it, but it was a civil message, even if I was clear that I would not pay the $50, that I felt it was a slap in the face, and because of our financial situation I would have no choice but to go somewhere else if it wasn't resolved. That was over a week ago and no response. So much for caring about your customers. If they are willing to lose me as a customer, and maybe future referrals, that is their prerogative but it seems like a bad move to do this over $50. But it seems consistent with my treatment I received with a lack of response prior to the $50 no show (which I didn't even know they had). Have to give them credit though, they did get my bill of $50 to me faster then any responses to my phone inquiries!Update 6/10Never heard back from them, but they were once again on time with sending me the same bill. Clearly they don't care about resolving issues with long time customers.
5	I had a really good experience there today....  I'd never gotten a crown before and was nervous, but the staff and doctor were very understanding and actually it wasn't that bad.  I don't get the feeling I'm being upsold like so many other dentists I've been to in the past, just doing what's needed.   Plus, they have massaging chairs in the waiting room.  Lol.
5	Dr. Durisek and his team of extremely friendly staff members make going to the dentist a pleasure.  The office is luxurious and relaxing.  The staff is always friendly.  I have had much dental work done here and would recommend this this business to everyone. Dr. Durisek takes much pride in craft and does not stop fine tuning until your are 100% satisfied with your procedure.  Overall, this is an extremely progressive, positive and professional business hands down.
5	Just started coming here. I'm pleasantly impressed with how friendly and accommodating the staff is. Dr Durisek is very thorough and professional. Office is very clean and comfortable. Like most I hate going to the dentist but I kind of look forward to coming here. I would recommend Dr D to anyone looking for a new dentist. Good location as well.
