3	If you happen to find yourself in (G)Old Canyon and need a pick-me-up, head over to Gecko Espresso. They make some pretty decent coffee, I tell ya. No, you won't get impressive service. You may have to ponder the menu for a bit, even if you walked in with just an iced coffee on the brain. They do sell a little bit of "Gecko Cred," from shirts to mugs. But, they're more your cheesy truck stop stuff. Not the cool mug I got as a gift a couple year's back. It's a shame. That coffee cup is awesome.My afternoon companion got a chai tea, which he drank 1/2 of, saying it was just too sweet. I tasted it. It was rather sweet. The cookie he got also got tossed. I tried that too; it was just okay. Yet, for 2 drinks and a cookie, I paid under $8, which I thought was a near steal, especially since their smallest coffee size is somebody else's medium. I found the guy behind the counter to be so lackluster. It's like he was hurrying us out the door. What? Do they close at 3 p.m. on Saturday? I wouldn't be surprised. After all, it is (G)Old Canyon.
5	Great coffee, makes wicked specialty coffee. Service is friendly, quick and always makes you feel welcome. Free wifi...out side tables.
5	I can't recommend this place highly enough.  When I was in town with the renaissance festival a few months back, I practically lived here.  Living with no electricity, I always try to find the most comfortable place where I can plug in and while away the day on the internet.  Gecko was definitely the place for me!  Everyone was super nice and friendly.  Try the chocolate peanut butter freeze.  Your tastebuds will thank you after they're done dancing.
5	Great place to get a coffee. All the baristas are really nice. If you bring your own mug or cup, you'll get 15 cents off your order or you can donate your savings to a worthy cause.
3	I was back in the Gold Canyon area this past week....and couldn't find a Starbucks nearby...so I hoped in Geckos. Can't really say a whole lot.. I just had a cup of coffee for a $1.75. It was strong and hot, and satisfied my caffeine craving.
5	I love Gecko. Since I work in the center, it is my go to coffee place in the AM. Their Coffees are strong and very flavorful. The large beverages come with three shots, so you dont need to worry about adding extra shots. My favorite drink is the cinnamon roll over ice. It has white chocolate and cinnamon in it, and its SO TASTY. The snacks there look kinda blah, but haven't tried any of them besides the bagels. In the winter, they are very busy in the Am, so the wait can be a little long if you are getting a bagel or something, but the drinks are made really fast. They have a mom and pop kind of feel..The espresso machines are kinda older, and grind your beans right there for the coffee, so its Super fresh tasting. Also, their coffee and milk do not hurt my tummy like starbucks does. They also have a membership program that earns you a free drink of choice after you purchase 10 drinks.  I recommend them to anyone!
5	Love coming here,  the only complaint I have is that there is only 1 location. Service is great. Coffee is fantastic.  I recommend a blushing Gecko and a blueberry scone.
5	Awesome service and quality products.
