5	Really good Sushi, all you can eat menu for 20-25$... pretty reasonable price if you can pack in 25-50 rolls of Sushi in one sitting. Ingredients are always super fresh, the caviar eggs are small and delicious, and the chefs do not get lazy and douse rolls with a mayonaise based sauce to make up for a lack of flavor. Definitely the best Sushi place on the West Side, although there might be some better deals east of downtown that merit a look.
3	Really good all you eat Sushi, probably the best I've ever eaten. if your hungry and you want sushi definitely give this place a try.
2	Meh.One word says it all. Given its prices, this place is really not worth your time, money, and appetite. With prices hovering around $25+ for a dinner, you would really expect some better quality cuisine. Not this place. The staff is unapproachable, the food was cheap, and the menu is rather limited.  The quality of food was especially unimpressive. You can sense that the food was made several hours ago only to be left out at room temperature conditions until you scribbled down your command on the order sheet. In fact, Kanda has recently been identified by Resto-Net, a food safety watchdog, as having FAILED multiple food safety inspections (see here http://resto-net.ca/). At this rate, you really should just do your wallet a favor and walk across the street to the Burger King. At least you know you are paying for junk food at that joint.
4	good sushi at a good price. kitchen items are good too, their all you can eat lunch buffet has limited items but for 15 dollars its MORE than worth it. I would avoid going there friday and saturdays when its more expensive for dinner. You don't go there for the service, that's for sure. But it used to be A LOT worse. Now they at least look at you, and reluctantly bring the menu. They hired a new girl last year and she still works there, she is the BEST. So grateful they got rid of most of the rude staff...
3	it's a good place for lunch, a shorter menu but still an all-you-can-eat for 15$ and it goes really fast, you don't have to wait for your order. for dinner it will cost you 25$, with a larger choice, but unless you really eat a lot (not my case), i found 25$ a bit expensive as the quality is correct, but not impressive, and when it's crowded the service is really poor, we had to wait a lot the waiter each time we wanted to reorder some food (and also wait a long time for the food, each time)
4	I visited Montreal for a conference and some of my friends recommended this place for sushi. Coming from central PA, "fresh" seafood is not something you can get easily. But the sashimi at Kanda was very fresh! They have a variety of side plates, such as mussel, sushi pizza, and tempura. There were not a lot of kinds of rolls but most of them, I thought, were creative in some way. One thing that took me some time to adjust was that they serve you instead of a you serving yourself, which is more typical for a buffet place. All in all, I would rate this place a nice place to get fresh food at a good price.
1	In the past I found Kanda a great place for all you can eat sushi as well as some other hot dishes. I was very disappointed recently. My parents had received a coupon booklet that had Kanda coupons in it, back in May. We decided to finally take advantage of our $20 off for 4 people coupon that would expire in Dec. When we arrived at the restaurant, they wouldn't honor the coupons, telling us someone was trying to make fraudulent copies of the coupons. We left at this point because the manager was extremely rude with us.All this said, my parents and I went to another restaurant in our coupon booklet and they accepted our coupons with no questions asked. So we decided to speak with the management at that restaurant about the coupon scandal and they had never heard of it. So at this point, I think Kanda is lying through their teeth to not honor their own coupons. Given the attitude of Kanda, I will avoid all their branches as much as possible in the future. They are not an honest business.
4	Atmosphere, Service, and Food: That's how I review.Atmosphere: Kanda (on Bishop St.) is clean, proper, and cozy - perfect for those cold nights in Montreal.  For the summer time, they have a comfy terras in front - a nice touch.  You'll enjoy being at this place. Service:  The service at this location is pleasant, but I've been to others where the waiters and waitresses attitude left more to be desired.  The service at bishop is friendly, but not dotting - it may sometimes come a little late if the restaurant is full.Food: The sushi is middle of the road - not haut japanese cuisine by any stretch - however it is well made, well presented, tastes great, and there's a fair amount of selection options.  The place does most of its business due to the "all you can eat" buffet option - but watch out, the price for this option varies depending on the time of day and wether you're visiting on the weekend or during a holiday.  For the price - regardless of the differences due to time etc. - I find that what is received is good value.  Hits the spot.
3	As a served buffet sushi restaurant, Kanda would be a rare bird on the west coast, but is surprisingly a common style over here. For your $15-25 (depending on when you go) the result is very much dependent on the ebb and flow of the restaurant.Why? Because you literally order from a list. Each table has a sheet that you fill out with a pencil - maybe you want 1 roll here, 1 gyoza there - in an all-you-can-eat format. Some food is going to be cooked specifically for you, while others might come as part of a larger batch. (There's a price penalty for uneaten food.)In theory, this is great. You could order one from everything on the menu if you have the stomach for it! In practice, this means there is batch cooking, which means you might get something piping fresh one minute and something from the waiting line the next. (The busy nature of the place seems to ensure your food is mostly fresh, though.) For better or worse, the chaos spills over to the waiting too; while food delivery is almost always prompt, drinks/orders/bills may take some chasing to make happen.I think the Kanda experience is best described as a search for "surprise". The menu is build to have you hunting outside your comfort zone, trying out various items you may have not tried before. As a group experience, that's great. As a seasoned sushi-connoisseur experience, you may want to look elsewhere.
4	I came here with a friend who promised me sushi buffet. What an interesting concept too, you fill out your paper at your table and they bring it to you. So basically its a sit down, never get up buffet. The price on a Sunday night was $24, and if you can eat a lot its totally worth it.Don't over order and not eat it because they will charge you an amount per piece of waste, which makes sense. The service was pretty quick and everything we had was delicious and nicely presented.
4	My friends and I came here pretty late on a saturday night, around 9:30pm and they close at 10pm so they were pretty much for last call on the sushi. It wasn't a problem for us as we just finished a long drive here from Boston. We ordered a ton of sushi, enough to make sure we were full and not too much where we cant finish it. The service was ridiculously fast and the service was nice. I would say if you weren't asian, or ate at a lot of asian places, you'd think they were rude, but that's just part of the mentality, which is high production. They were having a special, 3 beers or saki for the price of 2. So we ended up buying 3 beers and 3 sakis. The bill was pretty expensive, but I guess we ate our weight in sushi too, so I guess that evens out.
4	All you can eat sushi! The sushi is really good for a 25$ fee per person. Don't leave any behind or you will be hit with a 2$ fine for each sushi left behind. So be nice and eat everything :). The staff can be a little hasty at times kinda ruins the mood.
4	Given my past experiences with all-you-can-eat sushi restaurants, this one is by far the best I've had.The service was simply amazing, I really liked our waitress. She knows what I wanted and brings it to me before I even ask. She refills our table's teapot regularly, brought extra wasabi along with the tons of sushi we ordered, and was really caring but not intruding throughout the entire dinner service.The sushis were prepared with more care and more expertise comparing to the Kanda on Sainte-Catherine, the Maki Rolls and the Nigiri Sushis didn't have too much rice, and the presentation of the dishes was surprisingly nice.The Shrimp Tempura is a must-try, and the Jumbo Garlic Shrimp was perfectly cooked - buttery, rich, and moist. The Miso Soup was really watery and tasteless, there was not enough miso and disappointing. Also, avoid any chicken dishes on their menu, especially the Lemon Chicken, they're pretty bad.The decor and the atmosphere were very Nippon-like and the tables were not too close from one another, love the music in the background as well.This is the place to be if you're craving for sushi and ready to feast.
2	Menu has shrunk and the price had grown since my last visit. Edamame was overcooked and grey. Nigiri and sashimi were a bit soft. Maybe not fresh? Wasabi was watery. Diluted?Lunch menu selection of sushi is very small. There is far more choice of Chinese hot dishes. Why not just call it a Chinese resto?Service has been so so. My wasabi was forgotten, and none of my maki arrived. Had to enquire.Was never given a second sheet. Had to steal one. Maki was soft and too warm. In all fairness, this place is aimed at uni students and so is a basic lunch place. But it has fallen far in the last 12 years.
1	This place has gotten SO dirty. At first it didn't bother me, because customers dirty up places of business all the time. But this place is consistently dirty. The bathrooms are absolutely atrocious. I am confident in saying that they haven't had a proper cleaning in over 6 years. (That's how long I've been going to Kanda). Sometimes the sushi is fresh. Sometimes it's really bad. The service is ALWAYS bad. The workers there are miserable and have 0 customer service. It is almost as if they are being forced to work there against their will. I much rather go to a more expensive sushi buffet than go to Kanda, just based on the cleanliness. It really does gross me out. I can just imagine what their kitchen looks like. I'm surprised it hasn't been shut down yet by the health department.
1	Very bad service with low-quality food for an unnecessary amount of money.
2	I don't know how or why, but throughout my life I've been to a staggering amount of sushi restaurants in Montreal. Is it a skill? A talent? An obsession? No, yes, and most likely. But out of all the places I've been to - and I'm very sorry to say this - this Kanda location is the one I like the least.I've been to a bunch of other Kandas, and those were all fine. This one, though. The last time I went, I saw they'd hiked up their prices. Which would have been fine. It's an all-you-can-eat sushi place; you can get your money's worth if you try hard enough. But sadly, I was left with no motivation to do so.The food was fresh, I'll give them that; and the waiters were fine, nothing abysmal to mention on that front. But the quality of the food was vastly different than what I've seen from other similar restaurants, and from other Kanda locations. The sushi was lacklustre and dry; the sashimi were cut way too tiny to qualify; and the regular food just had an overall bland taste that I can't really describe. In a nutshell, it wasn't the greatest experience - even for a sushi buffet - and especially not with the price hike. I probably won't be coming back to this Kanda.
