5	After going to a different urgent care and actually getting worse, a friend recommended this one, which is practically next door to me, so score one for location.Staff is super friendly and professional and there wasn't a long wait at all.The Doctor was awesome, really spent some time getting to hear what was really going on, making the diagnosis and getting me the treatments I needed.  While I hope I don't need them often, this will now be the ONLY urgent care I go to.
5	I was thrilled when this location opened as it is very close to my home. Having been to other urgent care facilities and being treated like cattle by annoyed office staff who looked like they were barely out of high school - I was impressed by the cleanliness of the office, friendliness of the staff and expertise of the providers. I have been here three times in the past six months both for myself and with family members. I was thrilled to get in and out in less than one hour on a Saturday morning for a somewhat complex issue that required a couple of tests!Also, after my husband went in for a wound dressing, the office called him the next day to check and see how he was doing...my GP doesn't even do that anymore!Urgent Care Extra truly understands that healthcare is becoming more consumer-driven and knows we have a choice in where we take our business. They have earned my business!
5	Quick, easy and I love that they have a pharmacy in house.
5	I just moved here from Las Vegas and don't have insurance right now. I came in for a strain from moving and there was ZERO wait, the cost was more than reasonable and the staff was amazingly nice and helpful. I never had service like this in Nevada....ever! The facility is immaculate also. Finally, they even fill CHEAP prescriptions on site! What more could you ask?
5	This is the first time I've ever been to urgent care, let alone this one. I thought that this was the best considering my other doctor visits elsewhere. The place did not open till 8, but they let me come in and sit down until they opened. Which was really nice. They were very accommodating and knew what they were talking about. I had brought my mom and my sister and they even gave my sister a cookie while I had a X-ray done because she wanted to come with me, but she could not.
5	Very friendly and I did not have to wait long. I like the in house pharmacy. I would definitely recommend to anyone
1	I have been to this UC twice for my son.. the first time was not that great. The 2nd time I took him was because my primary care couldn't get him in that day... He was misdiagnosed and given meds that I said don't usually work on him... There were no tests actually done on him, they said he had an upper respiratory infection. I told them he had been throwing up and what can we do to stop it.. they ignored that.A day later I had to take my son to Emergency room, he actually had a strain of the Flu and needed to have different medication and be hydrated from the vomiting. I never write reviews but I do read them, but I will never go there again. Being a single mom I thought it important to share with others my experience as it has to do with health and my child.
1	Shady, shady, shady! I walked in with a cold and before I even had the chance to see a doctor or get a possible diagnosis, they tried to force a chest x-ray on me! Will be the last time I come here or refer anyone!
1	This urgent care unfortunately just lost a family of four who are very loyal to their medical providers.  Great service initially when I went in a week ago with a broken nose, but called ahead today to have them get x-ray burned on to a CD because they said they didn't have the ability to forward x-ray to my ENT and North Scottsdale.  Left work and drove 40 minutes one (because they said it would be ready for me) to pick up CD to take into my appointment today and got there and then was told their machine to burn CDs has been down all day. Wasted an hour and a half of driving when they could've told me I couldn't get it today, which would've been fine.  Do not like writing negative reviews at all, but feel people should know in case they're looking for great customer service with their experience.
5	I just moved to the area and haven't found a GP yet. I've had to go to this Urgent Care for two different, very painful conditions. Each time, the wait was short, the staff was courteous, and the second time they referred me to specialists to help me beyond what they could. Definitely go if you aren't feeling well!
5	This was our first time here. The staff was super friendly, the wait time was great, the provider who saw us explained what was wrong and what he was going to prescribe to help. Within minutes an ma came in after he was done talking to us, prescriptions already filled (so nice when dealing with a double ear infection to not have to also go wait at a pharmacy!), she walked us to check out, we paid for our prescriptions and were on our way! They were so friendly we talked about just making them our primary care since they can treat so much right there! If you are close and need an urgent care I would highly recommend this one!!
1	We will NEVER return to this facility!  Our initial experience was FANTASTIC with the group that worked that day - putting in stitches - however, upon return to have 4 stitches taken out directly below my 3 year old's eye - HORRIFIC!  Zero bedside manner; no engagement with my son; expecting 3 year old to act as adult; actions portrayed that the Doctor either didn't want to do it; didn't feel he could do it; or that the entire staff was upset that they were the ones there on a Labor Day weekend.  It couldn't have been any worse except if we wouldn't have had the option to leave.  The "mom" red flags went off right in the beginning but I stuck it out until it was simply ridiculous!We ended up walking out - going to Gilbert Mercy ER - and within 20 minutes of the procedure starting we were on our way home.  The doctor and staff were excellent and knew how to treat a 3 year old - his parents - and the situation.
1	There was a time when Urgent Care Extra was fantastic, an answer to a mother's prayers.  Now, it is a nightmare!!! Reason #1, their billing department made several errors and overcharged me, which I naively paid only to argue it later and get a credit to my account#2, they were concerned over the pain in my wrist while I was waiting to be seen and offered me an ice pack. They charged me $30 for it!!!!#3, their facilities have gone downhill in the sanitation department. Used tissues litter the tables, scattered grocery store sale papers, and wrappers abound. The trash next to their bending machine (Gross) was overflowing. Lastly, I asked about the Free Wi-Fi that they used to offer (didn't want the 2 yr old touching anything so I wanted to play a video for her) but they informed me they don't offer it anymore.  Disgruntled, disgusted, and will NEVER be back!
2	Two hours later, still waiting. Others checked in after me seen. Service has gone downhill in the past year. And new policy of holding debit card isn't the best. Harder to fight inaccurate charges
1	I have taken my wife to this urgent care twice, both times a disappointment.First time: waited in lobby for 30 min and then in very cold exam room for 45 min.  The place was not busy so I can only attribute this long wait to poor staffing.  Having sick folks wait in a very cold room is uncomfortable...Second time: Office staff are slow, disorganized, and have poor customer service training.  Office staff screwed up the paperwork such that it was sorted behind several other patients ...my wife was never going to get called to an exam room.  After having several patients that arrived after us get called in before us, we escalated the issue to the office staff.  They were indignant and made no attempts at finding a solution to the problem.  We left and went elsewhere.... my wife will be filing a formal complaint with the business later this week.I would avoid this business... they have no respect for their patient's time.
