4	This is a new restaurant that just opened in Market Square! I went with my family and we sampled a bit of everything:  the salmon three-ways, the ahi tartare, the ratatouille and California crepes. For dessert, we ended our meal with the banana foster crepe! It was all delicious! The food is very good, but the portions are on the smaller side which can make the it expensive.  I definitely look forward to going back again!
2	I kept going between 2-3 stars but in all honesty, "I've experience better".  I'm not a huge champagne fan so this may contribute to the low rating in addition to other factors.  I opted for cocktails that mixed champagne with other types of alcohol so that I wouldn't be totally biased with my distaste for champagne.  I had the Champs- Elysees which is champagne with strawberry puree...there was a glob of strawberry puree settling on the bottom and top of the glass which made it challenging to drink the actual liquid in the middle.  Whoever made it was heavy handed with the strawberries and might have forgotten to hit the "puree" setting on the blender but rather hit "chop in to indigestable globs".  I also got the Le Petit Fizz (blue curacao, vodka, champagne) - weird - YES, weird in a good way - NO.  I enjoyed the blue color of the drink but there was way too much vodka and that's all you could taste.  I actually like the decor of the place, but agree with the others in that Perle seems like they are trying to be more clubby than classy.  The music was so loud that you couldn't hear other people talk.  I asked the waiter (who was really nice) if they could turn it down and they did, but it was still loud in my opinion for a place that doesn't even have a dance floor.  I may be back, but you can bet it won't be my first choice!
1	I was excited to see that a "champagne lounge" would be the newest addition to Market Square's continuing revitalization. Champagne on tap?! Who knew! Unfortunately, Perle falls flat on its face in almost every regard. The decor is, well, trashy. It's all black upholstered couches and recessed, multi-colored LED lights a la frat boy with an interior design budget. I was unaware that the prevailing aesthetic of the CENTER of downtown Pittsburgh is trending towards Bridge and Tunnel coke den. Come on Perle, we're better than that. Perle also seems to think that it's possible to cram a "nightclub", "restaurant", and "lounge" into the same, relatively small space. It doesn't work. They should have stopped with the menu and fancy drinks and not continued to the obnoxiously loud music emanating, I kid you not, from a kid with a MacBook and an accompanying saxophonist "playing' what can only be described as 1991-inspired acid jazz. Gross. Finally, there was an entourage of what looked to be the owner/manager the night I visited making it feel like the place is an extension of someone's living room and not in a good way, in a clubby way. Of course I realize that my opinion may be in the minority as there are likely throngs of Cranberrians and Wexfordites who will be thrilled at the prospect of a "real night out" in tahn. Knock yourselves out, I'll happily be steering well clear.
3	As others have remarked this is a champagne bar trying to be a techno club.  We came here after having dinner at Siena with Rachel and a group of Yelpers for restaurant week. The champagne was delicious I had the Domaine Chandon Brut and tried the Veuve Cliquot which was delicious, but expenisve at $19 a glass.  I love champagne and was very excited to have a place to try many different types, but I found the atmosphere strange.  The waiter was efficient and quickly brought our drinks, but the room was sparsely furnished with wide open spaces and music blaring.  They did turn it down at our request, but between the type of music played (mix of r&b, hip hop, top 40, and techno) I didn't really feel like I understood the space. Overall I might come in if I am craving a good glass of champagne, but then again maybe not.
4	This is more like a 3.5 star - rounding up in hopes that they work out a few kinks. I tried to call, e-mail, and Facebook for a reservation for about a week prior. I did not receive a response to my e-mail sent via their website. There is no voicemail set up on their phone line. Finally, someone responded to my post on their Facebook wall that they only take table reservations for bottle service of $150 or greater. For those reviewers talking about 'techno' or 'club' - its more like a lounge. I've been to a lot of clubs, lounges, speakeasys, house parties, raves, hoedowns etc. and I was pleasantly surprised by the DJ. I understand the music changes nightly so it could be luck of the draw - but yes, it was house music, but subtle and perfect for the atmosphere. Annnyyywaayy - since it was a Thursday at 7:30, we had no problem getting a table. We had a couple bottles of bubbly. Each bottle came with some very tasty chocolate tuxedo strawberries. There was not much attention to service unfortunately - we refilled our own glasses and the bottles/ice buckets were left for a while until they needed cleared for our tapas, and we didn't have napkins or plates for the strawberries until our tapas came out. The fromage plate was good albeit a little messy on presentation. I loved the salmon three ways although the pate and poke/ceviche could've used a dash of salt. We also tried one of the savory buckwheat crepes which was huge (plenty for seven girls to share at least a healthy bite). Food stars of the night go to the dessert crepes.  We had a couple with Nutella, an apple tatin (my personal favorite, with almonds and ice cream) and a fruit-compote/coulis with whipped cream. BIGGEST Debbie Downer of the night - tap system wasn't working!! They have a proprietary tap that pours champagne like beer. Our server told us they were cleaning the lines so it was 'broken' for the night (it's not broken). Whomp, whomp. We were looking forward to checking out the pour after our bottles. I will go back to see that. Prices were really reasonable. $35 for the lowest price bottle of champagne, $7/glass, $8-10 cocktails. FYI - Market Square does a "$5 after 5" valet right in front of the gyro place (its a square, so if you drive around once and don't see it ... drive around again). The valet guys are fast; just remember to get your ticket validated or it'll cost ya another $2. And tip your valet! They sprint to 3rd Ave to get your car!
2	Not very impressed. Went for a girls night all we got was sleazy men hanging around. Too packed and not real room to move. And the wait for a drink was ridiculous. Had one then left
1	Will not be back. Had two champagne cocktails which were very mediocre. The type of champagne wasn't even listed on the menu - cant imagine it was anything worthwhile. What tipped me off at first to the atmosphere was the carpetted steps going to the bar. More carpet at the space at the front of the bar. Moving in, the group of 5 I was with found ourselves standing in the middle of what may possibly been intended as a dance floor - this was at aboun10 pm - but no one was dancing. So it was awkward. There were no tables to set your drinks on. But all that aside - I would have been ok with the place except for this - the worst part - the crowd. 35+ bridge and tunnel, may have money. No. Class. Very sleazy looking men and women who think they're attractive but are not. At all.  Just such awful clientele.
4	I'm rounding up like another reviewer, in hopes that they might refine a few things. Stopped by with two co-workers for drinks and apps. Nice menu, and different cocktails. I like champagne and it's not often offered in bars, unless it is a $4 glass of J Roget or similar.The space is large but furnished oddly - like a lounge/club - perhaps there is dancing on the weekends and the furniture is moved to the sides? I'm not sure. We were there after work, around 6 PM, so it didn't quite feel right.The bar area is nice, if a tad over done. All the lights are gently pulsing LED's - a little would go along way. The bar light, the logo, the chandeliers - all slowly pulsing up and down. It's a little much.Appetizers were quite good and the bartender was very knowledgable about the preparation. The seviche (brought over from a sister restaurant) were great; savory crepe was larger than anticipated, and while not easy to share very good. They did not have an eggplant ratatouille ready yet (something about 3 hrs to prepare - come on guys, plan ahead) but offered a substitute that we were pleased with. Chef cam out to chat and was a very personable young man, enthusiastic and funny.I'll go back, but I would suggest they add maybe a banquette along the long wall with tables and chairs to accommodate dining - I think the food of high quality and they could really capitalize on it if the kitchen is large enough.I didn't know about the dress code, but we came from work and passed the requirements.
3	Was here for a reception.  The food was pretty good and the servers friendly.  If they served things that are on the regular menu, I would recommend the salmon and the pot roast bruchetta's, both were very tasty.  Upstairs the decor is a little tacky, they could use some better lighting than flickering recessed cans around the permiter of the room.
4	Walking through Market Square, we decided to try this little champagne bar.  The bartenders and wait staff were very accomodating, letting us try a champagne that met our likes (dry!).  Found a great one, and grabbed the table on the balcony overlooking the square.  Really nicely done tapas ("Salmon Three Ways" and "Fromage platter") were not only delicious, but generous, and very affordable for the amount of food (around 9 or 10 bucks but large servings).   The service was attentive but not nagging.  Very great vibe as we spent a super romantic evening noshing and sipping on a beautiful night in Pittsburgh!!Would absolutely return and can't wait!
3	I've been holding off on this one. I want to like it. I think like it. Sometimes I do. I'm not sure. I'm very bipolar about it, as you can see. It's something I'd theoretically love! I love champagne and I love a good chill lounge. But what I love is turned into something I don't like here. Delicious champagne is mixed in with some not so delicious ingredients. I will say, I love mimosa's and bellini's. So going in I was excited to order some really exciting looking champagne cocktails. But, they were not good. They were actually really bad. So I switched the next time I went in to a Bellini. Again, not good. What's wrong? I don't get it!So the next time I went in (yes, I've been there multiple times) I just stuck with champagne. I went with a friend's suggestion and it was awesome. The ambiance lacked a little. It wants to be a club sometimes with thumping house music. It wants to be a lax happy hour other times. But then something magical happened. I got buzzed. It was a Friday night, the place was packed and the music was thumping. I had some delicious Spiropolous and I just couldn't resist getting more. It was incredible! So maybe this place isn't so bad. If you find the right drink, go with the right people and throw caution to the wind. That's my advice to you, use it wisely!
4	Definitely a better experience the second time around.  Went here for a cocktail meetup, and knew right away that something was different. The room was still sparsely furnished, but the music was better and at a volume that made it feel like a nice bar, but not a techno dance club as I had felt the first time that I was there. This time I tried the Francois Rose which is served from their keg type system.  It was a well rounded glass of bubbly.  It was light and refreshing with a hint of sweetness at the end, but was definitely not a sweet Champagne. The bar also put out some snacks for our group to try as we drank, a very nice crudite platter with delicious fresh veggies and what tasted like a yogurt dip and salmon crostini , which I did not partake in.  Overall for the price and the quality of the Champagne I will be back.  They seem to have finally found their niche.
4	I went with a group of friends after a night in Market Squae..   Please note they enfoce a dress code (simple dress code) - no tennis shoes and prefer a shirt with a collar.We order our drinks. Pimm's Cup for the guys and a variety of Champagne assortment for the ladies.   (This is a full service bar with all the spirits).The owner introduced himself after we first walked in.     The atmosphere - The bar is lined with sitting areas made up of modern furniture that you would see in your VIP secations in many clubs to promote conversation.    If you are not with a group of friends then this could be awkward.We met a variety of people and had a great time.   Atmosphere - Dress Code (beware), VIP Section Style bar, Up tempo music, a good vibePrice - On the high end.    The drinks may run you $6-10 depending on what your order  (You can go crazy) - Drinks - Very good pours - I really enjoyed my drink.This is a fun place to end your Friday or Saturday Night.
5	Champagne is my drink of choice, morning, noon and night. Having Perle so close to my job could present a real problem for me.  With cocktails running around $8.00  and with the staff being so damn charming.  I could easily see myself there at least 3 nights a week, *cha-ching. Downtown champagne is hard to come by. I can count on one hand the number of bars Downtown that even serve it.  Perle is for sure a dream come true for some one like myself. The service here was top notch the waiter, DJ and chef both chatted me up and the bar tender even offered me suggestions on things I might enjoy. I like the lay out of the lounge and I think that a lot of thought want into planning the interior design.  The marble bar also really appeals to me, I have never seen anything like it before. The DJ Leah upon noticing that I was using my e-cig at the bar came down and was very sweet to chat with me and was encouraging since I have been trying to quit smoking.I had the mango ceviche that was so good I had to order another tapas so I had the California too. The mango ceviche was shrimp and salmon with mango, and red onions and cilantro and served with lime wedges. The baby face chef was a little chubster and super sweet to come and inquiry about the dish. All and all I had two tapas and three cocktails, a cham cham, a mimosa and a red rose bud.  My favorite was the cham cham. I will certainly be back to get down with the get down and get my champagne on.
5	When I walk in the door, Perle' has my Bellini  ready. All the bartenders go out of their way to chat ya up and educate you about the various menu offerings. I have never met a more caring bar staff.  Bonus Perle's happy hours is from 5:00-8:00 pm!!! 2 dollars off champagne cocktails and $1 tapas.Even if the last time you had champagne was at your brother's wedding or New Years Eve, go in and try a champagne cocktail , you might find out your really do like it!
4	Interesting place, the drinks are good, one of the few lounges in pittsburgh.  Can't go wrong.  I'll be back.
4	I moved from Pittsburgh to LA two years ago.  Therefore, I have very low expectations when it comes to bar and clubs in Pittsburgh.  I do have to say that Perle is a pretty cool spot in the heart of Market Square downtown.  I was visiting Pitt for the weekend and went here for a friends birthday.  I'm so used to $14 drinks now, so I was so excited to see $7-8 drinks on the menu.  The place is a champagne bar and that is what they specialize in, but they do have many other selections.  We had a couple of appetizers as well and they were great.  Fun vibe and not too small.  Most importantly, the service was fantastic!  Couldn't have asked for a more attentive staff.
5	So I went here for a co workers birthday party a few nights ago. I must say it's a very nice place. They have leather chairs and sofas all over the place. The lighting is very appropriate for what vibe they are trying to give off here. Drinks are a little expensive. But almost every person including myself was dressed up. Woman had dresses on and man wore suit jackets or dress shirts with ties. The door man wears a tux. The deserts are amazing that's all we had on there menu so I can't tell you much about there other food. The service was fantastic we had our own waiter who only was serving the birthday party. If you want to celebrate a promotion that you got from work or are going out on a date with someone you've been with for awhile I would definitely recommend this place. A lot of couples go here from what I saw so maybe not for someone who is single and I went on a Saturday but the place does get packed so you'll have fun regardless of who your with. They have a jacket check which is nice. Overall I will be going back o this place 5 stars in my book.
4	I went here for a work holiday party.  We had rented out the whole space, so I can't comment like the below people did on the normal crowd or decor, but for a holiday party, it was awfully nice. They had waiters walking around with appetizers as well as a table stuffed full of interesting items - chicken curry and date kabobs, black bean dip on homemade tortilla chips, pot roast brushetta (a personal favorite), tiny crab cakes which were very tasty and scallops which were the worst of all the things I tasted.  They were definitely frozen and kind of cold. Of the champagne cocktails, I had two and was really pleased.  I had the Perle 75 which is served with St Germain's elderflower liquor, gin, cucumber, lemon and champagne.  It was refreshing and I don't say that I am a gin drinker.  The other was the Rose Bud - st germain's again, grapefruit juice and rose champagne.  It was very pretty and very tasty.  It's not the type of place that I would normally go - I am more of a beer drinker or a classic cocktail - but it was interesting.I kept checking out the LED's that people seemed very bothered by in other reviews.  Personally, I thought they were festive.  There were also circles of LED's on the ceiling that were very pleasing.  And like most of the other reviews, the wait staff was immensely attentive and very friendly.
5	I have been to Perle a few time and this is exactly what Pittsburgh had been missing. It's beautiful inside, the drinks are great and there is a good crowd. I like the fact that they enforce a dress code and keep the place upscale. They have a big variety of champagne to keep the ladies happy. I can't  wait to go back.
4	I've been here a few times.  I'm always waited on by the same server Tyler, who's awesome & gets our orders quickly. This place is closed at present which sucks but are set to reopen soon.I love a relaxed champagne lounge but what I hate is a loud club scene which this place has an issue with bouncing between & I would like it more if it was a chill lounge.... just my personal opinion.The prices aren't too bad,  the food is tapas & very good.  Their happy hour was well worth it ... especially on the food. Looking forward to this place reopening soon.
3	What a bummer! I was expecting so much more from Perle, especially after reading some awesome reviews. Alas, I left unimpressed, hungry, and not interested in returning - anytime soon, that is. My date and I arrived around 7p on a recent weeknight. There were a handful of small parties in the lounge, but it was not busy by any means. Date and I had visited their Web site earlier in the day and signed up for text message alerts. We received a message stating that we were able to get a free beverage if we showed the bartender our text.  Well, what do you know...the bartender and then the manager on duty were both unaware of the text. Odd, right? I mean it's in huge letters on the front page of the Web site. Luckily (and thankfully), we were able to still get a free drink. We stuck with the champagne beverages during our time there; each sipping 3-4 each (I lost count). We also ordered several items from their tapas menu, none of which I enjoyed enough to even spend more than a minute writing about. We didn't say anything to the bartender about the taste, but she did note that the chef was new (when apologizing for the insanely long wait in between each plate). Honestly, the food was mediocre and had I known it was going to be so blah I would have stuck with their tasty beverages (which they seem to have no issue making).  My final verdict? Give it a go, but have dinner beforehand or after at another restaurant in the area. We ended up at Vallozi's on Fifth Ave for more food afterward.
4	We went here last night after the super awesome Yelp event to have a cocktail.  We were greeted by Shawn, a very hospitable bartender.  He was great!  My friend and I were literally the only people there!  The ambience was like a nightclub with neon lights and modern furniture strategically placed to leave enough for a dance floor. It was a little too bright for my liking.  We didn't try any of their food or their champagne cocktails. I was in the mood for beer.  I had a Southern Tier Pumking with a side of Fireball.  Yum!  Perfect ending to my evening!  Would definitely go back to visit Shawn and try some of their menu.
4	Decor is fresh an fun, plenty of space an seating. I was part of a private party on a Saturday evening, everyone was friendly a attentive. Would have been a 5 star experience but the food wasn't that awesome. Ordered the California ... It was 3/4ths bread, 3 shrimp an a dash of avocado. The ingredients make for a tasty mix but the huge shell the wrap this way to huge for the tiny portion of ingredientOverall great place, I'll just be sure to grab a bite to eat before.
