4	looooove the ambiance, staff is very friendly and chill, good food, rather large portions, kinda pricey. nice to indulge once in a while.
3	This is a good, cute little place near McGill campus...It's a great place to come to get some reasonably priced and healthy food near campus. The quesadillas are great and the food is definitely worth the money.
3	Lovely little vegetarian restaurant with nicer than average atmosphere considering it's a mostly student haunt.Some of the items on the menu are good while others are a little more ho-hum but the service is consistently above average. It's definitely worth checking out if you're in the neighbourhood and need a good vegetarian option.
4	I had the seaweed salad, and a nice glass of house pinot. The salad hit the spot as an entree. I had the key lime pie for dessert, which was solid. I'd go back when I'm in Montreal again.
5	Fantastic small cafe for health conscious and tasty vegetarian food. Service has been good sometimes, slow at other times. Menu's found on all the walls or they'll bring a clipboard over with it. Their salad is quite marvelous and makes for a good meal.They offer beer, wine and will be a great spot in the McGill ghetto for years to come.
4	This place is wonderful. It'll stick in your mind and you'll want to come back. The decor, the food...ahhh...Admittedly, it's not the cheapest lunch if you're a student on a budget looking to grab a bite. But trust me, you're paying for a satisfying meal. I've tried their burgers, nachos, and some sort of polenta-based dish, and enjoyed them all. Oooh, get dessert too. You won't regret it.
4	Nachos are probably the best item on the menu. If you want something filling get the lasagna. The dessert was pretty good. All the table have little drawers, the drawers have messages in them. Overall quite satisfied :)
4	Was on a trip to Montreal and this place was recommended by my lonely planet guide.  Did not find it pricey as others mentioned, but then again I am not on a student budget and was looking for a good dinner while on vacation. Service was very good and wine was priced reasonably. I had the lasagna which was very filling and very good. Liked the specials written on a chalkboard when you walked in. Great atmosphere nice cafe feel.
5	I just moved to Montreal from Houston, and my chief concern was that I would never find a place to eat a delicious burrito again.  Luckily, I did.  Lola Rosa's black bean burrito, while not a burrito in the traditional sense--you know, the kind you can pick up and eat and that has all sorts of stuff in it, and maybe makes you look like a beast while you're eating it--is amazing.  The polenta is also good, and the pitchers of beer top off a good deal.  It's a great place, and I'm sure I'll be going back often to get some more of that burrito.Added to that, it's got a great ambience.  I love the little drawers in the tables with notes, and the two guys who seem to run the place do a really good job of arranging the tables such that as much seating is available as possible.  Of course, the place gets packed at lunch, so they have to make sure they don't have 2 people at a 4 top.  Anyways, get here a little early so you can get a seat, and give the burrito a try.  So many delicious black beans...
5	Stopped by for lunch to meet a friend who works at nearby McGill University. Had the Hemp Burger, which came with a pickle spear and BBQ sauce on a grilled bun, and a small side of salad and chick pea salad. I ordered a local raspberry wheat beer and enjoyed it all. The place has a modern rustic decor and is small, with tables tightly packed and is very popular. I wouldn't walk in with a huge oversized bag. On this fine day, the front windows were all open and there was a lovely breeze. Staff is bilingual.
5	What a gem! My sister had always wanted to try from Lola Rosa's selection of vegetarian food and while I was visiting town, we decided to give it a go one evening. With a pint of beer and a quesadilla before me in what seemed like no time, I quickly forgot about the bone-chilling cold wind outside. We shared a plate of the picante quesadilla, with spicy peppers and sweet potato (who woulda thought?!) and it tasted AMAZING! It wasn't too spicy, just perfect, and the dish also came with some tasty rice and a side of salad. The space is nice and small, very cozy, with comfy pillows to sit on at the tables near the window. Servers were friendly, and the selection of dishes provided a perfect variety of choices. I would definitely dine here again!
5	Love this place! Cute and cozy with delicious vegetarian food. The menu has some soups and salads, veggie burgers and some other items. Most of the food here seems to be served with rice and a salad of some kind. I ordered some nachos and I felt like I was eating a much healthier version of them. I ordered a 1/2 portion, which was served on a pizza cutting board. The nachos were topped with cheese, avocado, black beans, tomatoes, green peppers,  green beans, and sour cream. Messy to eat, but so yummy. The nachos didn't come with the side orders I mentioned before, but the meal was quite filling.This place is around McGill University and seems to be really popular with the students.  It was very busy when I arrived with my date and we had to wait around a 1/2 hour for a table. The place is small, so reservations might be a good idea!Also, check what's inside the drawers on the tables, you'll be amused. I'd definitely go here more often if I lived in the area.
4	First thing I would like to mention is? Service was absolutely fantastic. They were really busy but when they served us, they were very friendly and very warm. We celebrated my boyfriend's birthday here and they did extra service for his birthday that I didn't ask for which was turn off the lights when the cake came, not charging a cake cutting fee etc. Their food was not bad either. i didn't enjoy my polenta so much but all my other friends enjoyed their meal. The hemp burger was apparently delicious and I tried my boyfriends three cheese lasagna which was VERY good. I really liked the fact that you could opt to make your dishes vegan on demand/request. It caters to vegans out there for sure. I would definitely come back again if I'm in the neighborhood and try the quesadilla and nachos.
5	Absolutely.Love.This.Place.Can I emphasize this anymore? Lovely atmosphere, waiters, and most importantly... FOOD. I'm not a vegetarian, but I absolutely loved the food! I've never felt better (or healthier?!) after devouring a full plate of nachos. It's a great place to go with friends. Also, the tables have little drawers in them where people leave little notes. How is that not a great conversation starter/cute detail?! If you go here, do yourself a favour and order the brownie for dessert. Your mind & taste buds will thank you.
4	while eating here, I totally forgot I was at a vegetarian restaurant!The nachos are pretty popular. I might hazard a guess that around 80% of the tables at the nachos--either full portion (MOUNTAIN STATUS) or the half portion: manageable.My friend and I shared the half portion nachos (which come with bell peppers, cheese, black beans, avocado, sour cream, tomatos, ...!) and then I had the half rosa salad and she had the lasagna.(as with all nachos: eat quickly or else they get soggy.)A DEFINITE RECOMMEND.The salad was delightful: it's got chickpeas which automatically mean pluses in my book. the lasagna had spinach and looked gloriously cheesy. It comes with a side caesar salad as well.from what I've heard, the desserts are worth a try too...but after all that food, we were right stuffed! maybe next time...we'll be back. watch out!verdict: yes! yes! yes! yes! yes! (do I sound like a porn star yet? that wasn't my intention. I sincerely apologise.)
4	Healthy peaceful little place in the McGill ghetto which survives because it doesn't gouge students and it serves up tasty veggie Mexican with a smile. Seats about twenty, decor is eclectic, pretty in pink, casual. The burritos and quesadillas are tasty by Montreal latin standards, and everything is veggie but not in a granola flavourless way.
4	Always a solid option in the Mcgill ghetto, good salads and nachos, very hipster looking severs and decent prices.
4	PROS:1. I often find with vegetarian options at restaurants they tend to be bland and boring. However, at Lola Rosa you seriously can't see the difference! Their food is flavorful, interesting, and healthy! Loves! 2. The atmosphere is warm, relaxed, and super cute. I love the drawers with little memos people write. 3. Service is fast, friendly, and inviting.OVERALL:-I'd recommend the quesadilla and the chocolate-banana pie for dessert (sooo goooooood). -Modestly priced and the food is worth the cost.-To this day, I still go back! :D
3	Very cozy place, and well decorated. The last time I went there the service was not very fast and the quiche I ordered was slightly cold. It is indeed a great place to go with friends and to have conversation, the atmosphere is lovely.
2	Soso food.Overpriced.Nice restaurant though.I was snapped at a couple of times.
4	Cute small vegetarian/vegan restaurant by McGill University. Wooden tables and comfortable seating. Atmosphere is nice, and they have a small bar.For lunch, I got the soup, which was very good. Salad was OK, but not impressive. The salad portion was sizable, however. The service is friendly for the most part, but was slow. A soup and salad should not really take 20 minutes or so. Much of this delay, I think, was because the person whom I placed the order with was eating his lunch and did not bother to move quickly to place or make the order. Overall, my experience was really worth 3.5 stars, but I am bumping it up because I may have misinterpreted the slowness. I would go back and try something other than salad.
2	This is nothing more than a cantine for students. Food is decent but don't expect anything "wouah" but be prepared to wait, be unconfortable and finaly leave because you can't cope with the chaos anymore.
5	one of the best restaurants we have been to, and we are not vegeterians! we went twice, had 5 different main courses and 3 different deserts, all phenomenal. and it is clean, nice atmosphere, and great service by the owner. just go!
3	This is the type of place you walk by and think, "Oh,I should try that someday!" That is probably why it is so busy. It's in a great location, has a lovely interior and is bustling with students. You have to know what to order to get a bang for your buck here.I made the mistake of ordering the lentil curry. Tasty, but nothing I couldn't have put together in 20 minutes at home. The portion was also quite small. The one thing I can whole-heartily recommend on the menu is the TEMPEH BURGER! It was cooked and seasoned to perfection and was a sizable portion.
5	Amazing food and I'm not vegetarian!  This place is a must go!
5	I've been a fan, for years, of this little restaurant in the McGill ghetto, and every time I walk by and am hungry, I stop there. Yes, the carnivore me is yelling in my head when I enter the place, the food is just sooooo delicious! Best veggie lasagna I ate! The sizes of the places are good, they have a good selection of plates and entrees, their desserts (the Key Lime Pie!!! OMG) are tasty...It's just THAT good :DUnfortunately, in the last few years, it got crowdy and popular, so it's difficult to get a place, but it's worth it!
1	The atmosphere may be but the staff is very much NOT "Kid Friendly." We came at lunch with our daughter, were told there would be a 10 min. wait -- no big deal. Then they came over and said we would have to stand outside... In the snow and below freezing temps... With a 3 year old. There was room inside and our daughter was being well behaved. Beyond being inconsiderate, it made no sense. So we left.I'm not someone who thinks we can take a toddler everywhere - but this place was listed as "kid friendly" and our daughter has eaten without incident in a lot of places MUCH nicer than this.I encourage families to avoid and Yelp to reconsider the "Kid Friendly" label.
4	Best Brownie in MTL.
5	So good!! Everything that was carried by my table made me want to change my order but when my hemp burger arrived (recommended by the chef) I was beyond pleased. From the presentation to the taste it was amazing! My friend had the nachos and loved them. the curry plate my other friend had was delish. The brownie is also terrific. Only thing I didn't like was how cold it was inside the restaurant. I will definitely be back!
5	I'm not vegetarian by any means...but, as I enjoyed my Lasagna I totally forgot that I wasn't eating any type of meat in my dish.  Wow, it was delicious!!!  This place has become one of my favorites in Montreal for sure...I just wish I could take this place back home to Dallas, Texas.  :)  Awesome place to eat at...I most definetly recommend this place to any person that just loves to eat delicious food.
4	Despite the fact that I'm not a vegetarian by any standards I really like this place.  It's small and got an eclectic vibe to it which I'm a fan of.  Foodwise what Lola Rosa lacks in meat it makes up for in flavour.  I usually get the polenta or the quesadillas and they always hit the spot.  Everything always has lots of flavour to it.  The veggie lasagna also doesn't disappoint.  I"ve also tried the hemp burger which I wasn't the biggest fan of but it's really the only time I've never been satisfied with something I ate here.Their desserts are always worth trying.  I've had the pumpkin pie, the apple crisp, the banana chocolate pie and I've enjoyed them all.  In fact it's always hard to narrow down the selection to just one.It can be crowded on a weekend night but usually if you go during the week you get seated right away.  The service is also pretty good
4	This was my first time eating in a vegetarian restaurant. I didn't really know what to expect because I love meat, chicken, pork and fish and I would never ever consider becoming vegetarian. This place is in the heart of the McGill ghetto. So, you must expect to have a lot of students around. The restaurant itself is very small and it can get very loud. Thus I would not recommend this restaurant for a first/second/third date, because you pretty much have to yell at each other to have a conversation. From the lunch menu, I ordered the burrito and my friend chose the half plate of nachos. I'll admit it: I expected vegetarian food to be dry. Yet, the burrito (filled with black beans) was surprisingly juicy and full of flavours. There also was a side of rice and a small salad, but I barely touched both because I just loved the burrito and it was quite big. My friend's half plate of nachos was HUGE. She's a varsity athlete and she didn't even finish it. She said she and her mother once ordered the full plate of nachos and there were leftovers.  I heard their desserts are very good (I saw someone eating their brownie and it looked delicious). However, I was too full after my meal to try it. Price: $12.50 before taxes, which is very reasonable.  One last comment, the service was a little slow. However, the place was full and there was a birthday lunch at the same time. Conclusion: I will probably go back to try the plate of nachos and their brownie.
5	Our daughter took us to Lola on our first night in Montreal. I have not had better vegetarian food. We had two different kinds of burritos, delicious local beers, and the polenta. We also had some spectacular dessert with chocolate that was to die for, but not from.As children of the 60's, we find Lola very comfortable, with its natural wood decor, buddhas on the walls, and low-key, pleasant atmosphere. Quite a variety of customers, which was nice--not all students by any means.We wish we had a place like this in Boston we could go to. We'll have to make even more visits to magical Montreal!
4	Good restaurant, very good food. The service was good but nothing special, and the restaurant is SUPER busy at peak hours so hard to get in (we lucked out as a party of 2) and also it was very loud. (A lot of university students). Prices were solid, atmosphere is good. Nice little hole in the wall haha definitely go here (maybe try to make a reserve if you can). I had the chilli, it was very tasty! Defs try this place if your in nearby in Montreal.
5	I am vegetarian and am very discerning about quality.  I was recommended this location (Lola has two locations).  I ordered the lasagna.  It was superb. Multi layers of different flavors includng spinach.I went at their opening hour 11:30am so had my choice of tables.  WIthin 30 minutes the place was completely packed. so I suggest that you get there early or later than lunch else you won't find a table.  It is around 2 blocks from McGill University so that is why it was crowded.  They do have another location which is larger but I did not visit that one.
4	Still a 4 star review, second time here was pleasant.It's always SUPER busy every time I've been here. One time we decided to pass up here cause it was too busy lined up outside haha. Food: this 2nd time was solid food again, and was enjoyable. My chai tea latte was great, the daily soup was tasty, and the half order of nachos I shared was great but it feel like it wasn't as good as the last time I was here. But still good nonetheless! Cool: I found in my table (there all old school desks it seems) and the drawer in my table had all these handwritten notes in it and so did my persons across from me. The notes had random stories, peoples thoughts experiences, and even random love notes etc haha it was great and made me smile ! Hopefully it I come here again in the future if I'm in Montreal again. I can update this to 5 stars! If your in the area and are young I recommend checking this place out. For the older crowd, not sure if it's so great for you. Noisy and full of young people. But hey good food!
4	Delicious!  We are not vegetarians but our daughter took us here and we really enjoyed it.  The main course were inventive and hearty.  Desserts were out of this world.  The place was packed.  Be sure to look in the drawers of your table, there are lovely messages left by previous diners.  Definitely will go back for another visit.
5	Great vegetarian restaurant. The menu is great and diverse, and is located very close to McGill. I really enjoyed eating here; however it is very popular and is often crowded. On the plus side, you can make reservations.
5	Healthy and life affirming. This is the kind of place that I would go to again and again if I lived in Montreal. Everything was tasty. Went there for dinner with a group of four. Ragout, curry dish, lasagna, and veggie burger were all awesome.
4	I used to come to Lola Rosa at least once a week when I lived around the corner, I loved everything on the menu. After being away for several years I went back this weekend and ordered the nachos and hemp burger. The hemp burger was very different from what I had remembered - no longer on a bagel but served on two very thin slices of white toast. Needless to say I wasn't impressed, but the person I was with really liked it so I'm torn on this! The nachos were exactly the same, piled high with beans and veggies (maybe not as much avocado as before) and still very tasty. The server told us that the chef had changed 6 months ago and kept the nachos the same but changed some other items! So that makes sense for the hemp burger. Ohh just wish they had kept it the same. Still amazing though, just not 5 stars.
2	I've been to Lola Rosa several times--well, I've been dragged there several times, to be honest--and I've never understood what all the fuss is about. I'm a huge fan of ultra-tasty vegetarian food, and this ain't it. Bland, bland, bland.The ambiance is warm and inviting. I've always had competent, polite service. Noise level is reasonable. It's right in the heart of the McGill Ghetto, so it's often crowded with student groups--not a good place to try to seat any party larger than 4.The problem is the food. I've had something different each time I've gone, and I've sampled bites from my companions' plates, and all of the food is unimpressive. Everything has always been cooked properly and served promptly, but that just makes it all the more apparent that this food has no flavor. It's precisely dishes like these that give vegetarian fare a bad name. It's filling enough, but it's just no fun to eat. Go to Aux Vivres instead, where they understand how to draw bold flavor out of vegetables.
5	Great food, even for non-vegetarians.  I was with a vegetarian and went for her.  However, I would make a specific trip there regardless of the vegetarian menu.Its near the university, so expect a college crowd.  As others have noted, its small and easy to miss.  But when you go in, it feels very homey.  A little crowded but it somehow ends up feeling intimate.The food is vegetarian, which is somewhat difficult to find in Montreal, and tasty.  I had the burrito and nachos and didn't notice the lack of meat in either.  They were out of lasagna for the day (but it sounded incredible), and I overheard a couple people raving about the quesadillas.  A solid varied menu with many options.  One of the other reviewers said it was bland.  I was with someone who regularly dumps hot sauce on everything, and we both agreed it was great.  Coming from San Francisco, a city with plenty of vegetarian options; that's saying something.From other revues, I suspect it was the owner who waited on us.  She was great, attentive, and very helpful. And make sure you check the drawers in the tables for the notes.Finally - the full order of nachos is enough for two.  Its a serious pile o' food.
5	I've been here plenty of times and I have no complaints. It's the favorite Lola Rosa (between the two locations) - maybe because the staff is amazing. I would suggest Lola Rosa to anyone - vegetarian or not.
4	Average vegetarian food, four star was given for its exceptional tasty chocolate brownie! Must try!
4	First place I've eaten in Montreal, I was surprised to see others reviewing the place as pricey; I'm guessing these people don't goto many other restaurants (especially veg* ones)We came in an hour before the kitchen closed, place was packed and we still got seated and served quickly. Both the service and the food were good and I think we'd definitely return.
4	We went here for lunch on the suggestion of our B&B. There's an eclectic decor with a good menu. We had the curry (vegan friendly) and the nachos (which can also be vegan friendly). Both were quite good. I was also pleasantly surprised by the tastiness of the avocados that came on the nachos.
3	I really liked Lola Rosa. I found it on a map when I was searching for vegetarian food downtown. I had the spinach lasagna and it was pretty good. It had lots of cheese and it was very satisfying. My server warned me that it would be about 20 minutes for this, which was fine.The service was great. Beer list was just okay. I probably wouldn't come back to this location and would go to their Parc location next time to avoid a bunch of students.Prices were higher than at most of the places I ate in Montreal. I would come here again but not regularly.
5	Delicious food!  Wonderful, perfectly done chocolate brownie ala mode dessert.  Good draft beer.  I'll be going back soon.
4	As they say its the best vegetarian place for non-vegetarian. Food is awesome and reasonably priced. Hempburger,  Lasagna and Curry are must to try :) Their selection of wine is also not bad but I feel the cocktails in another branch at Parc is best.
4	Nice restaurant. We had the curry and the hempburger. For drinks we had the red wine (cabernet sauvignon) and the alchemiste post colonial ipa. Wine and beer were excellent. The curry and the burger were freshly made and tasted very good. For dessert we had the hot browney with vanilla ice: tasted heavenly! On a Thursday night the restaurant  filled up pretty quickly. We had a good time and will be back! Service was excellent! The staff was very quickly and they were very friendly!
5	Big, relatively healthy, and interesting (including beets and green beans) nachos. Also had the ragout tunisien and burrito. Fun atmosphere.
4	Believe me, you won't care for one second it's vegetarian.The Lasagna and other oven plates are great. The Curry is also very good.The ambient is cozy and it's very nicely located in the McGill ghetto, but it could be anywhere.
5	Really great find for vegan/vegetarian food!  Small, cozy place, I'm not sure if they take reservations, but if they do - definitely do that.  The menu was quite varied from burritos, to curry, to mac and cheese.  Service was incredibly efficient and super friendly.  My husband had the polenta and I had the mac and cheese which was simply amazing.  Next time I'm in Montreal this is a MUST for me.  Prices were comparable to the size/quality that you get.  Not a huge wine/beer selection, but it seemed like they had something for everyone.  Everyone seated around us was also making yummy noises so I think it's a great sign when not only you, but those seated around you love their meal!
5	By far the best lasagne I've had in my entire life, and I've had a lot of lasagne! Adorable,quaint and cozy place! The service is a bit on the slow side, but it is definitely worth the wait! Their nachos are absolutely delicious to start with, and the half-portion is WAY more than enough for two people. Could easily satisfy three people, you want to leave some room for the brownie after the lasagne also!
5	Lola Rosa is among my favourite restaurants. They brand themselves as the preferred vegetarian restaurant among non-vegeraians. And it's not hard to see why that's the case.The service is excellent. Friendly staff are ready to serve in French or English, and are eager to explain lesser known vegetarian dishes to uninitiated omnivores.
4	If the mark of a good restaurant is how full you feel when you leave then this place is 5  stars! We all know though that quality weighs more heavily in the ranking. Luckily for me that wasn't a concern here either. I was excited to try out this popular establishment when I read about it recently on a "places to eat in Montreal" blog. I love vegetarian food; I love Mexican and I love good value for my money. This place hit on all fronts. I arrived at 7 and had to wait 30 minutes for a table as it was jam packed with what appeared to be all university students. When I was finally seated I received prompt friendly service. I ordered a glass of red wine ($6 per glass! Bonus!), chips and salsa to start and the quesadilla with sweet potato. The chips were warm and substantially thick and served with hot (as in steam rising from the bowl) salsa. That was kind of odd and it reminded me of chili without beans but after a few tries they grew on me. I really liked my quesadilla and nice little salad on the side. I didn't bother eating the accompanying rice as the carb heavy main course was already very filling. Overall I thought it was great value for the money and I would recommend it as a place to go if you are in that neighborhood.
5	Charming little place, smack in the McGill ghetto with an incredible menu and selection. Their food was fantastic and the presentation is really charming. The nachos are a must try! We were a big group and were served well and they even told us that the tip had already been included which was very decent of them.
5	I write all my reviews based on a student budget:Love this place, right next to McGill's campus with absolutely delicious meals. Very reasonably prices for the quantity and quality (usually around $17 with tip, sans drink). Only downside is it's noisy and packed pretty well all the time, so come with full lungs. But that sort of energy can be reinvigorating anyway.
4	Order the samosas :) Good place to start off. If your a group order the nachos its pretty big. Fast service and always come out feeling satisfied.
4	Delicious food, lots of options, very cozy, and well-priced.  No matter when you are going, call ahead for a reservation!
5	Amazing!!! Best nachos I've ever had! Great service and very welcoming environment. People leave little notes in the drawers of the tables - make sure to check it out!
4	We really enjoyed our dinner at Lola Rosa! I am not exactly a go forward for vegetarian food, but hands down for this place. Very tasty and hearty food. We started with the soup of the day which was a blend of cauliflower, carrots and some extra veggies, all blended together with the right amount of heat. Following that, my wife had the Chilli and I had the three cheese lasagna (not considered vegetarian for some due to the cheese) and both were exceptional. Service was very good, staff was friendly and prompt. All in all, it definitely worth a visit if you are in the area.
4	Vegetarian and Vegan full of flavor! Lola Rosa is great!Good service overall, a small menu but packed with healthy good options. Their dessert menu is so goo too, and their coffee is not bad.The place is always full, but the service moves fast, so even if you wait, it won't be for that long.Cool small place, earthy vibe, very nice and simple. The prices are reasonable.
