1	The service here was lousy! This location is inside an Albertson's supermarket, so maybe you can't expect too much, but I was still disappointed. There aren't a lot of Starbucks locations on this side of town, so I can't really avoid this place, but something should be said about the service.I've come here twice now. The first time we came was earlier in the day after my cousin and brother got home from school - at about 4 in the daytime. The lady turned us away and said they were closed. Weird, but fine. I then came again yesterday and the same lady was there. We ordered 3 drinks. My cousin had 3 Starbucks Rewards she wanted to use for us, so we hesitantly (because it's just a kiosk, not an actual store) asked about using them there, which thankfully they did accept, however the lady seemed to be a little annoyed with the process of scanning the cards and printing receipts. Whatever, I let it slide. So I proceeded to order my drink. They don't offer Trenta cups here. I got an iced green tea latte, venti. My cousin got a green tea Frap, venti. She also helped my brother order a "secret menu" item, the "pink starburst". The lady serving us wasn't too happy and just had a bad attitude while my cousin listed the ingredients. There honestly weren't even that many ingredients, but the lady kept asking "is that all?" in a rather chipper-lacking tone after every ingredient my cousin listed.Truthfully, our drinks came out fine. I always love my Starbucks. Her attitude is just unacceptable though. It's not like the place was really busy anyway. It was just us three and then two girls behind us. Maybe she just wasn't having a good day, but Starbucks employees are usually a lot more friendly and personable than she was.
2	Small selection of food and nothing to toast your bagels or anything else. There is only one person working here so she has to balance making the drink and ringing people up. I thought it was a little rude that she had 3 customers waiting on drinks and she decided to make a call. I didn't sound urgent or very important. When I got my drink it was all sticky from the caramel on the cup and the cup holder. I had to wipe it off. Ugh. The coffee was decent but I can't say I wasn't a little grossed out. Wash your damn hands. This shouldn't be considered a Starbucks.
1	This location just isn't good or very helpful. They don't use rewards card either. It's a waste of a location. I rather see it independently operating in its own suite in the same shopping center instead of inside in a grocery store operating by their own standards instead of Starbucks standards. Please leave Albertson's and move into you're own space in the shopping center !!!
