4	So this is what people talk about when going to larger cities and dealing with waiting in lines.  Had no idea that when we entered we'd be given a number and asked to wait.  Thankfully the wait time wasn't too long and things moved pretty rapidly.
2	Freezing waiting outside in line ugh
2	Where do people who don't know how to park within the lines go? This place! LOL! But no worries, don't think about it when you're looking for a space that would fit more than a bike. You'll have plenty of time to think about how those people managed to obtain a Drivers License while you stand in the long, stagnant line OUTSIDE. Yes, you read this correctly! Due to the large amount of people who frequent this particular office & the tiny size of the building itself, the line starts outside. Don't forget your deodorant, water & walking shoes people! There is a tarp that covers the area where the line forms. As I stood there I saw little lights dancing on my skin and the floor & I thought "how cute, they drew designs on the tarp",,,, uhhh, no. There are tiny holes all over it from wear & tear, lol. I also observed the large number of people who feel it's necessary to bring an entourage.... really?! I understand needing moral support or witnesses from time to time, but PLEASE, this is not that place! Unless you're accompanying a senior citizen or minor, of course :) Once you get inside you stand in another line to get a #. Then you either sit in one of the retro looking and feeling seats OR you stand in any tiny space available waiting to be called up if all the chairs are taken. The people who work there are very appropriate (not friendly, but professional) & seem to do their job as quickly as they can. This place is too small and understaffed for the amount of traffic that goes through there. Someone said that after 2:45 the crowd thins out, but I don't know if it's really true, lol. It would have given it only 1 star, but they get an extra star because the employees were polite.
1	The rudest MVD I have ever had the misfortune of dealing with.. It's seriously out of hand how rude these people were!
2	Horrible experience. Long wait outside because their waiting room is tiny. 2 of the 3 people who serviced us were great; the woman who administered the road test, was a typically-dry, humorless bureaucratic robot. Go to Avondale MVD - much shorter wait and better overall experience. Also, it took me about 5 practice tries to park a crew-cab Nissan Frontier pickup between the 2 lines (for the T-park)  and I'm an experienced driver. The larger/longer the vehicle, the harder it is and the government trolls don't seem to understand this or take it into consideration. I recommend that drivers with larger cars go somewhere like the Avondale MVD where they can just parallel park.
4	I'm originally from California, and if people really think the line or wait is long here please never move to California. I have been here multiple times and have never had to wait longer than 15 minutes. Only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because they don't ever seem to be able to answer the question,"how are you today".
1	Very unhappy with the experience of having to stand outside forever and then inside... The people inside suck ass as well, very rude inconsiderate and not helpful at all... If you don't like your job find a new one... Seriously...
2	Home of the 2 hr wait! They actually have installed a shade/misters overhead since the wait has gotten worse over the years...  I hate coming down here! Heads up - If you are taking a teen for the driving test, this is the home of the 3 point turn! Avondale has the parallel parking,,, Choose your preference! (The waits tend to be about half at the Avondale location.)
3	This Surprise location isn't to bad, it's a little small. With the growth is Surprise, they will need to expand this place in the future. I get it, It's never a good experience when you have to go to one of these places. You have to wait in line just to get a number and then wait again to been seen, only to be told you have to come back with the correct paper work! Isn't that what usually happens? But compare this to the California DMV! This is a much better experience. Plus, the lines usually goes better fast. Just need to come in with a good attitude, people there are just doing there jobs. I could only image how many rude people they had to help everyday?
1	This place is absolutely the WORST. Hell on Earth ladies and gentlemen. They seem to only hire old men and women who hate social interaction. Good on you Surprise,Az. Way to try to keep residents by having bad government employees...wait what?? But on a complete serious note if someone tells you to go to this location, do everything in your power to find a way around it.
1	Small, outdated, slow.   I'm here for a simple photo retake.  Mine expires tomorrow.  I've been here an hr.  Half the staff are on lunch.  You can see them and hear the laughter.  I've been asked to sit five times already.  I would rather stand and let the older people have the chairs.   Last time I came here I was here for 3hrs.  If I could have had my photo done at one of the title places instead I would have rather paid there than to be in here.  It smells!
