4	Pretty neat.Like their terrace, my Bloody Caesar was tasty, and the little meal we had was enjoyable.They lose a star because of their immense hipsterness, yes I made up that word so you've probably never heard of it....ha, see what I did there?Padoom psh!
4	The food seems very good.  I had the salmon tartar and another salmon dish, both were very good and at $8 not bad at all!  Tried and loved the white wine sangria...made with beer and peach syrup....soooo good !this is a locals place so if you are american and don't speak french, be aware.  However this is what i usually look for.  the bar crowd seem to be coming from work.  the staff is very nice and attentive.  waitress didn't speak much english but was awesome.  back patio area and front outdoor seating.  big wine list including wines from oregon, which i usually like.  Great spot if you want to stay off the beaten path and tourists.
5	Long time comingbeen away from yelping for no particular reasons!! decided to regive it a goso Mr Smith... been there a couple of times during summer season (nice cozy terrasse in the back, noizier one on the street) i love the atmosphere, very local, no dress code, just good times. food is pretty good (not a huge menu, but does the main thing wich is filling up the belly and giving u more reasons to drink!!)during hockey nights they have some tvs AND a huge screen so check it out. but what i love most is hanging late nights with great music, no place to dance but you make place and a pretty nice crowd... oh and it's walking distance from my place... so bring on the Jamieson shots!!That's why they call him Mister
4	Great neighborhood bar, mixing the vibe between the old and new HoMa. Everybody was very welcoming, no judgment, from 18-40s mostly. In between the graffiti and numerous tattooed friends, you'll find yourself tempted by the menu which flirts with the idea of being a grastro-pub as opposed to a drinking hangout. Yet if I lived around the area, I'm sure it'd become my go-to HH hangout. Amateur de poutines. Their gravy is a mix of pink pepper and whiskey, which mixed well with the caramelized onions and bacon. The fries were good, hot and not too thick, but the gravy was too sweet for me. It was a fun "fancy" poutine but I think next time I'll try something else. Also note: It's a FABulous location to watch the Habs games, with a few small TVs inside the bar but a massive flat panel raised for the patio during the big games. Yet, you might need to make a reservation - yes, they take reservations.
1	We just moved to Montreal and were excited to discover a healthy selection of restaurants, bars and cafes just up the street from our place.  We passed by Monsieur Smith, and knew instantly we wanted to give it a try.  So tonight, we finally made a date with our friends for nighttime drinks at this bar.  Our first impressions were that the ambiance of the place was extremely pretentious, and our friend found the music a bit too loud.  Aside from that, and the copious water leakage on the terrace, which our other friend found off-putting, we still didn't regret our choice of venue yet.  The beer selection seemed nice, and there were some expensive cocktails which were offered as well.  Our friend took a mojito and was extremely disappointed by the lack of alcohol added, especially with the hefty price, and our other friend found the cider seemed super flat.  We took "pints" of local beer, and were shot when what appeared to be glasses measuring 16 ounces at the most arrived after an extremely long wait.  All these things considered, I still didn't form a negative opinion about this place until the server decided to include a sarcastic anecdote with our cheque.  My boyfriend was not under the impression we were required to tip the server directly, seeing as the venue is not a restaurant, and none of us ordered food.  Not to mention she had made us wait far too long that what should be classified as normal.  Upon receiving the cash of our friends, this server returned to my boyfriend and said, "Am I crazy, or did you seriously not give me a tip?"  Any amount we would have given to this girl went right back into our wallets with that comment.  I understand that tips are customary, and in some settings, more than encouraged.  But that is not the way you make someone want to acknowledge your service, or in this case, a lack there of.  We won't be returning to this place.  Pretentiousness, I can totally stand.  Overpricing is even fine by me.  But rudeness to this extent is not permissible.
