4	Surprisinly Good. Ok I'm a HUGE fan of Aloha Grill. When I tried this place, I ordered the Honey Katsu Chicken . NICE!Now the bottom line. This place is good. however, The prices were a little expensive. But if you want a tasty treat, you wont go wrong.
4	Best loco mo. I have had in Vegas. And I have had a lot of others.  It rivals having it in Hawaii. (maybe)??
4	Great place.  The menu is lengthy, the prices are decent.  Service is always very courteous and helpful.  Usually get the portugese sausage, rice, and eggs.  Great portions and tasty.  Also a convenient location for me.
4	2 words...Chicken Katsu.
4	We just moved to Vegas from Hawaii and it was great to find a place with the very food we'd left behind.  This isn't "like" Hawaiian food or some sort of fusion deal, this is the real day-to-day meals on the island of Oahu.  It made me long for the lunchtime "plate lunch".  We'll be going again.  Oh, and their Spam musubi was a highlight for our son!
2	The Barbeque chicken was bland... dipped in the Teriyaki sauce it was edible but I think Barbecue chicken should have some taste of it's own.I'm not a fan of Mac Salad so I won't give an opinion on that....The dumplings were umm GROSS is the word. The breading was just too much and it wasn't even cooked all the way. The inside meat was tastless - yeah that was not good. We sent it back and they gave us Fried wontons with a ground chicken filling. The fried wontons tasted better but still rather bland to me.My friend ordered the Spam, eggs and rice plate. She liked her food but we both agreed that it's hard to mess up anything on that plate. Thank goodness Spam is full of flavor on it's own.The Malasadas were OK - weird aftertaste after eating the second one though.The spicy chicken looked good in the picture on the wall and speaking of walls the hibiscus painting on the walls were cute but all in all I just don't think I'll have any desire to come back - L & L is just closer and tastier!!!
3	I know there are so many Hawaiian BBQ places out there, but since we were in the area, we decided the stop by and check it out.  Located off 215 and Decatur, on the opposite end of the parking lot of Walmart is a decent size Lulu Hawaiian BBQ place.  The place did have a lot of parking, of course being across the street of a Walmart parking lot, you can basically park where you want.  It is a clean restaurant, a bit confusing at first but we were sat at the booth.  You can also order to go if you like.  They even have catering options as well.  The food selection is good, the food itself is decent.  Doesn't really remind me of Hawaii, but its close enough.  I did like the egg, rice and spam, which I really like.  The wife got the loco moco, which didn't really taste the same in Hawaii, but it was edible.  I had a few bites and it wasn't that bad.  The service seems to be on the quiet side.  They did say hello, but after that, the only thing next was "May I take your order?"  Its not rude in a sense, but kind of lacks that service feel.  Especially if we're the only people in the restaurant.Overall, it was okay.  I'm sure if people looking for Hawaiian food, this place may be okay and probably prepare you, if you ever go to Hawaii.  But only if you're in the area, and craving Hawaiian BBQ, its not that bad, food is decent, service may not be as good.
2	Food is good, but we walked out after we were told to sit down then ignored as the lone waitress helped ten people who ordered at the counter.  This will affect if we ever come back.Update: I've gone back and the key is to never sit down before ordering.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.I can't claim to be a connoisseur of Hawai'ian food, so to say I've experienced better, I'll have to say that as a generality.  Better quality, quantity, and priced food is out there.  For what it is, it's not bad.I had the combination BBQ plate for a sampling.  It included some thinly sliced beef, ribs, and chicken along with two scoops of rice and one scoop of macaroni salad.  Really it wasn't as much food as that may sound, but reasonable.  The ribs very obviously came from a cheaper, older animal, and the chicken is all dark meat (so make no delusions of it being healthier).  Basically they were all thin cuts to quickly grill, sauce, and serve.  So in terms of expediency, I'll give them kudos there.  Oh, and don't expect anything more out of the cashier other than giving your order due to that language barrier I oh so enjoy (seriously).
4	Chicken Katsu Saimin. Love it!!!
3	Came here one weekday for lunch since I was craving some Hawaiian food.  Place had a few patrons dining inside.  I looked over their menu and decided on the Loco Moco to go.  Had to wait for around 10-15 minutes for my order and there wasn't anyone else ordering before or after me.  That made me worried that nobody really ordered the Loco Moco.  Maybe they were busy defrosting the hamburger patties still...  The food itself was actually not bad, not great.  Beef patties, eggs and gravy over white rice.  I would get it again if I was craving it, which is once in a blue moon.  i noticed they had malasadas which i will try next time.  I also want to see how there combination bbq plate is.  I think that's the real way to judge the quality of a Hawaiian fast food joint i.e. L&L and Ohana BBQ.
4	I am not sure why there are so many poor reviews for this shop. It is the same type of food you get at any Hawaiian bbq place in town, and the portions are big and cheap and they don't charge you for extras. Their katsu and other dishes are very consistent and I have always been pleased with their prompt service. A solid Hawaiian place overall.
3	Im always down to try places I have not been to so I was assuming this place would be similar to Aloha Kitchen or L and L.With that said it was just ok. I ordered Honey Walnut Shrimp, Spicy Chicken, and Loco Moco. To top it off we ordered a Mango Smoothie with Boba.The Honey Walnut Shrimp was a bit on the sweeter side. The Spicy Chicken was medium spicy and a bit on the greasy side. The Loco Moco was really good but for some reason they gave me way too much rice. Now for the Mango Smoothie with extra boba. Waaaaaaaaay too sweet! I could only take a couple sips and I was done. They are situated in a pretty nice location complimented with a Super Wal-Mart across the parking lot. Their set up is pretty spacious with a decent amount of tables and booths. Service was decent. They get you your food as soon as its done.So overall, I have nothing overly good or bad to report. I would probably go here once in a while. It just wouldnt be my first choice.
4	If u want some hawaiian bbq or some asian fast food this is the place to be... Ive been a regular customer since they open... I love the portion they serve because it will definitely fill u up for lunch or dinner... The service is great n quick... The best food to order is a #24 chicken katsu or a # 14 hawaiian mix plate... I highly recommend to try this place out thanks
2	The restaurant was located on N Decatur Blvd/215 in N Las Vegas.  I drove around the Walmart parking lot looking for this restaurant.  It was squeezed between Matress Firm and Game Stop.This was my first time here for lunch.  We walked up to the counter.  The cashier handed us menus.  We stood there a while looking at the pictures on the menus.  The cashier said we could go sit down and she would take our order.  This was fine since we were the only ones there.The difference between the mini plate and the regular plate was a scoop of rice.  Their menu prices need to be updated and they need a website.The server/cashier came to the table to take our order.  We ordered the mini Garlic Shrimp plate, mini Kalbi plate, a side of egg rolls, spam musubi, Thai BobaTea, and Taro Boba Smoothie.The Taro Smoothie came out of a machine, like the kind for a Slurpee at a 7-11.  The warm boba melted some of the smoothie.The entrees came in To Go styrofoam boxes with plastic utencils.  I don't enjoy eating food in a restaurant out of styrofoam boxesThe Spam Musubi was the best part of the meal.  The spam was well seasoned and the rice was still warm.My friend ordered the mini Garlic Shrimp plate.  There were 4 shrimp on a bed of lettuce with a scoop of rice and macaroni salad.  She said it was okay.My 2 pieces of kalbi was tough and very fatty.  It was difficult to cut it with a plastic knife and to keep it from cutting the styrofoam box.I saw a picture of Malasadas on their board.  It showed a big clump of sugar on top rather than being rolled in granulated sugar. This was one of the few Hawaiian BBQ restaurants that does NOT offer a military discount.  Even Island Sushi & Hawaiian Grill located in the Plaza Casino offers a military discount.  We will not be back.
1	Grease, grease, and more grease. Everything is covered in gravy. The spam and eggs made me sick. Just gross.
5	Best Hawaiian BBQ in town, I met the owner: Jacky,  He is  Chinese and actually from Big Island, Hawaii!!
4	Best in the North West. Hot and fresh. Crab Rangoon was great. One of the other Hawaiian BBQ places nearby doesn't even have it. Chicken Katsu is my favorite. I suggest dining in. Service was great.
4	My grandpa wanted a "lunch plate" for his birthday dinner, decided to come here. We made a great choice, food tastes like it was from back home. Nice lady at the register gave us free drinks cuz we ordered so much food! There plates are jam packed with food and are a very reasonable price. My son pounded his chicken katsu. The fried noodles and garlic shrimp was my fav!Definitely going back again!
4	We've eaten here a couple times, and have had a good experience every time. First time we dined in and thought the portion sizes were perfect.  Lau Lau was good and the BBQ Beef was flavorful and not too fatty.  Mac salad was also a winner.  The second time we ordered the catering which was great.  Thoughful in that they separate the mac salad so it doesn't get warm from the rest when you take out.  Glad it's close by to us!
1	wow! they really serve stuff like this?! ok lets start with the fact that this is not a hawaiian place to eat. you walk in and its a mix of hawaiian, korean, thai foods. if your name is lulus hawaiian bbq then I am assuming you serve hawaiian food. well they do just not anything I would go back to get again. I had the loco moco and was flat out surprised how bland and unappetizing it was. I give them the rice, a lot of rice but that's about all. frozen patties,  some white gravy, and mac salad that is just not up to par. nothing was seasoned as far as the frozen patties, eggs, or mac salad was concerned. if you cant make a simple hawaiian dish such as one loco moco then that's enough for me to stay away. heads up people get way mo bettah places down da road das worth da drive. if you think dis place is good den you missin out on life. on to da nex one!
4	Been here a handful of times, almost always after shooting at at the Clark County range up the street. Lulu serves up your standard Hawaiian fare, which means mix plates and BBQ meats. The food always comes out fresh and doesn't take too long, and are always served in styrofoam boxes which is handy in case you can't finish the generous portions served. The food is good and consistent with other Hawaiian joints in town. I usually go with a BBQ mix plate, but sometimes they have specials, like the one I got the other day: sweet chili chicken. It was basically fried chicken tossed in sweet chili sauce, but it was fresh and tasty, especially when served up with rice and mac salad. If you're in the area, this place is a solid choice
4	This place hits the spot whenever I go there. It's good enough to go there once every few weeks.
3	I had the chicken katsu curry.  It was a little curry sauce poured over the katsu.  Not bad, but not really great.  Wife and I shared a crab rangoon and it was good.
2	Came in last night and the place wasn't too packed.  I order their honey chicken katsu which was on their specialty menu so I figured what the heck and two spam masubi.  Found it unusual that they had to find some soy sauce in the backroom but employee brought some out.  The chicken katsu wasn't that great at all so I ordered some crab rangoon to get the taste out of my mouth.  The rangoon was alright overall this place is ehhhh nothing special.
4	This place is pretty great! I love there Hawaiian BBQ Chicken! Their Spam is delicious!
4	We decided on delivery tonight because neither one of is wanted to do dishes.  Both the Katsu and BBQ Chicken were phenominal and delivery was timely.  Delivery guy cut through my freshly seeded lawn, that was my only complaint.
4	Surprisingly good.  Actually, it's now my favorite Lau Lau in town.  It was perfect!Now, not to sound judgmental (but, in actuality, totally judgmental), but I've found Hawaiian places with pictures of the menu items on the wall to be total letdowns. "Meh" city, you might say.  So, I had few hopes of a satisfying meal at Lulu Hawaiian BBQ.  But, the food turned out to be really good!  The Lau Lau plate was perfect, not overcooked at all.  The quality of the fish was also excellent, the perfect blend of fatty and lean.  I also enjoyed the macaroni salad as it wasn't too caked in mayo.  I would definitely get this again and again and again...The restaurant is very casual, overall.  But, it's clean and the booths are comfortable.  If I'm ever in the North Las Vegas Walmart parking lot again, I'll stop by.
3	Food is ok, just dont dont dont dont get the macaroni salad. Tasted like harsh plastic and chemicals. Maybe its ok if they dont give it to you in the plastic container. Otherwise, this place is ok, I like 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate on craig wayyyy better.
3	Ehhh this place is just ok now...seemed to have gone down hill since I thought it was decent before. The meats in the BBQ mix plate were under marinated and the beef and short ribs were dry and tough. I actually had to use the teriyaki sauce, which I never do, on the meat to flavor it. The mac salad was a weird yellowish color and could've been sitting a bit but tasted fine. The chicken was the only thing that was good and not overcooked. Hopefully it was just an off day but I'm going to be coming here a lot less in the future. Lulu definitely won't be among my top choices and I'd probably only come in for a chicken plate at this point.
4	Stop in most Saturdays while shopping. The use thigh meat for chicken katsu, which I love. Service is quick and friendly. It is exactly what you'd expect from Hawaiian fast food. Food served in styrofoam, stripped but hearty and big portions.
4	This review is just on the Boba tea as I haven't had the food here. I had the Boba Thai Tea and it was super good! I really liked how the boba didn't leave an aftertaste like you can get with boba at some other places in town. The tea was great too, I only ever get Thai Tea because I am always too chicken to try the flavors, but they had those too! They were also friendly so that's always a plus :-)
5	Awesome staff. Delicious food. My favorite place to go to eat. Spam musubi & BBQ short ribs plate is my go to food. Love this place. Been going for years and don't plan on changing that any time soon! ^.^
4	Gotta say, I was impressed with my lunch today. I went with the BBQ mix plate. A whole lot of food! Short ribs were awesome, Teri steak was good and I don't believe I've ever had the BBQ chicken with skin on, and it was crispy delicious. This is the first Hawaiian place outside of the islands that actually has great Mac salad! It usually the big let down for me, but not here. My only negatives: if in eating in, save the styrofoam and serve me on a real plate.Issue 2: I arrived about 12:30 for lunch and device was rather slow (yet not very busy) would have enjoyed enjoying my meal instead of rushing to get back to work. Definitely worth the stop if your in the area.
4	The garlic shrimp and katsu chicken was delicious.  The service was fast and friendly.  Will come back again.
1	on a scale of 1 to 10 they're about a 6, food's pretty similar to L&L but their customer service needs some improvement, approximately between 4pm and 5pm one of the male cashiers was a bit rude to my wife and kids so maybe a little supervision is necessary around peak times to keep everyone in line, other than that the food was ok, i do not think I'll be visiting this place again and taking the extra 15 minute travel to L&L in the centennial shopping area.
4	I've been going to LuLus since they first opened I was excited because to get food like this you have to travel out of our area. I'm writing this for people who have never tried Hawaiian food or eaten here.  The food has been consistent since day 1. Fast service, I usually get BBQ chicken plate, chicken served on sliced cabbage side of rice and macaroni salad. Typical Hawaiian plate. Also get chicken Katsu curry, it's panko fried chicken thighs in Japanese curry sauce with rice and macaroni salad. Great prices. I also get Thai tea boba it's good, a little too sweet but good. Taro boba doesn't taste a strong as other places make it maybe because it's super slushy but still good. Saimin soup is good too. And what Hawaiian doesn't love Spam. Spam musubi, spam and rice wrapped in seaweed, its an all time favorite. Good prices big portions.
5	Great food great service! Portions are big and price is good! Lunch specials are full size meals!
1	They use to make the most awesome boboa smoothies, then they started using a machine for them instead of using a blender, and now the smoothies taste like crap. I will never go again. They broke my tiny trust.  Why did you do this Hawaiian BBQ?!
