5	I've got my lashes done here for few times now. Elise is very sweet girl. She is very detail oriented and careful about my lashes (she would ask me if I am ok when the tweezer barely touched my eyelids). She plays relaxing music and lights up candles during the session. I felt very relax during the entire session. (I sometimes fall asleep during session! That's how comfortable I feel!) I love that she only does one lash to "one" extension, and she only uses lashes from Extreme Lashes. (Extreme makes the best lashes) She also told me she is like a "lash patrol"! She doesn't allow anything that would ruin the real lashes. I really appreciate how much attention to details she pays to my lashes. Elise always does wonderful job. I highly recommend her if you want beautiful lashes and someone cares/loves lashes very much.
5	Elise is the best!! She is so gentle when working on your lashes and cares so much about your comfort. The ambiance and atmosphere Elise provides is serenity, super relaxing and soothing. Elise always washes her hands before touching your eyes. I always fall asleep because I'm so comfortable. The results are always 100% amazing and they always look great as well last for awhile. She uses the best of the best products. If you're looking for a good lasher Elise is your girl!
5	If you're looking for a detail oriented, gentle, ultra careful, and passionate Extreme Eyelash specialist, Elise is it. She goes above and beyond to try and accommodate you with your time and schedule and if there is ANYTHING wrong, anything you may not be satisfied with, she is quick to try and find a solution to the problem or fix things to ensure that you are satisfied with your lashes. Elise is Extreme Lash certified and only uses Extreme products. So, you can be sure that you are getting quality. Compared to others, her prices are comparable and you definitely get your money's worth as she takes the time needed to make sure that you get quality every time. Her place is relaxing and comfortable. It's a great time to catch up on some zzz's or, to enjoy your "me" time. Her professionalism and honesty is what I truly appreciate about her. She will make sure to let you know the limits of your lashes, go over the health of your lashes, and she'll never try to sell you on something your lashes cannot handle. She will always be up front with you. That's passion for what she does. I respect that wholeheartedly! Try Butterfly Kisses! You won't be disappointed.
5	One word "Awesome!" Elise is all of that. Being from "hotlanta" it has truly been challenging out here to find "Quality work!" To find someone you can trust with your beauty...cause Divas do just that...maintain our beauty. She is professional, clean,  and caring. She's beautiful inside & out....go check her out yourself! You truly will be satisfied....
