2	I went to the Thompson peak locationa nd became a fan even reffered my mom which got me $5 off next visit.  Well my next visit was the local b/c well its way closer to where I live.  She did listen well to what i wanted but just didn't do a great job on my brows.  I mean i have had worse but this was eh ok.  She made me bleed and thats not cool!  I would though give her 3.5 stars b/c very nice.  Now the check out was a nightmare.  Very pushy sales girls!  Pushed to make next appointment which is fine but when i said my schedule was changing and i called they kept pushing!  not to mention product after product and packages.  I get they have to tell you but it was too much!  Don't make me feel bad for it.  I may try again, at the first location.
5	I have now been here 4 times and can't say enough good things. My first time was right before my wedding as a gift from a bridesmaid and I was booked with Emma who is fabulous! I have been going to her since then and she always makes me comfortable during each appointment. The place is very clean and nice. I love the wax they use because there are no strips involved! I recommend this place to my friends!
5	I have been getting waxed by other spas for so long, I thought she was joking when she pulled the first strip! The wax is PAINLESS compared to others I have experienced. Plus when you have everything done (Yes, EVERYTHING!) you have to have the best!
4	I feel like sharing wax stories online is a bit revealing but...bare with me! This was my first time (getting waxed) and I couldn't have been more surprised! Painless obviously it isn't, they are in the business of pulling hair here, but one small breath and it's nothing! Quick and easy. The reason I didn't give this place a full 5 stars is the sales driven approach. I'm all for employees getting a percentage of what they help sell but whoa, a bit overboard.That said, I will be back!
4	Came and got a brazilian.  I got a good deal for a first time client.  While they did try to sell me some of the stuff that they used, when I declined, they didn't seem to push it.They also use the wax that doesn't require strips which makes it quicker and less "sticky" afterward.  Plus, there are sanitary (which you gotta appreciate when they are spreading wax over your nether regions).  No double-dipping of a stick into the wax- I always prefer when they do that.I'll be back.
4	I never thought I would get a brazilian.  My worst fear was the pain.  Well, I am not going to lie, it is not painless, but it is tolerable.  I try to take a couple of ibuprofen before I go.  Emma and Rachel are wonderful.  They make you feel at ease while you are spread eagle on the table.  The wax they use is not as hot and I love how sanitary it is.  No double dipping on the wax.
5	Love this place. Everyone is fantastic. The girls up front can be spacey at times but their system is great and the email reminders are perfect.
5	So going on vacation in a week and wanted to get a brazilian for the first time.  I gotta say the technician, Christine, was great!  She tells you what to expect and tosses in a little humor to keep you comfortable.  It was very clean, the wax isn't to hot, and the technician never double dipped.  I found the place very clean and comfortable.  Pricing is just right too.  I like that there are options to buy it for a year and go anywhere they have a shop.I did get told about product as others reviewed.  However, I didn't feel pushed because Christine explained how it can be used and why.  In addition, she told me of other uses for the product.  It was an all around good experience that I would recommend to any friend wanting to get waxed.
3	It's been a while since i have had a  brazilian. On the plus side, it was very clean everything. They do not double dip on the wa, and my overall experience was decent. Not very helpful with explaining the products, but she pushed them on me but i did decline. I wasn't sold on why i really needed them at all. At the front desk, i wasn't thrilled having to go back to the front desk in front of everyone talking about how i liked it and then the sales pitch again.products and then the whole buy the package sh-peal. I would really like it if they had some kind of punch card. I did make another appointment, its worth giving it another shot.
3	My first time going to European Wax Center, but my 3rd bikini wax.  It had been six weeks since my last bikini wax and unfortunately my aesthetician was moving out of state, so I had to find a new place.   I chose European Wax Center because it was close to my home.  The Good: The front office and wax rooms were modern and clean.  The staff and my "new" aesthetician were friendly.  The waxing itself was not that painful (hard wax). The Bad: After the first time informing my aesthetician I had my own exfoliating soap at home and that I do not get ingrown hairs, she still continued to try and sell me their products.  I get home and check out the new landscaping or lack thereof and was disappointed.  There were multiple stragglers in the areas she "waxed".  These were not stubbles either.  And too many for me to bother plucking out myself.     The Best: As a new client, my first visit was free (minus the tip).  Because of this, I gave 3 stars instead of 2.  I'm wiling to give them a 2nd chance and at that time express my disappointment from the 1st visit.  If, the 2nd visit is better, then I'll update my review and increase my star rating.
4	I love this product and this concept. For a gal with sensitive skin, the benefit of a brow waxing without the sting or redness is a life saver. Yes, the packages are more pricey than a traditional wax or threading. But the environment is worth the extra few pennies...state of the art equipment, modern styling, & professional staff. I recommend an appointment, but have overheard them accommodating walk-ins on occasion as well. With so many locations across the U.S., prepaid services can be used even when I travel domestically. Bonus.
1	My brow wax could have been better!
5	This place does a consistently great job on my brows - and as most ladies in today's brow-centric world will tell you, it's seriously sweet to get regular compliments on the state of ones eyebrows. They use hard wax, which is awesome since it significantly reduces the ouch factor and I'd like to think it's overall a little less harsh in my skin. They always apply this great calming cream after, which enables me to continue running my errands without sending small children running for cover after spotting my angry red eyebrow area. I usually try to get in with Ashlyn, but even if she's unavailable and I have an emergency, all the girls there have done a great job. And my personal favorite thing? They have always been able to get me an appointment same day, since I can't seem to figure out how to plan ahead.
