3	Nice clean simple motel. Close to the convention centre. Not sure that I will stay here again, but there is really nothing wrong with it. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Nothing fancy.  Fridge, microwave, bed. Towels are changed daily, as is the soap (weather you use is it or not). When entering, you are hit with the scent of Indian spices ( I like...). I wood advise to stay away from rooms 201 to 204 as they are facing the somewhat busy Van Buren street (202 for me). If you are in town for a conference, the 10 minute walk to the convention centre and downtown Phoenix will not find its equal for the money.Staff is super friendly for this family run place. There are even fresh coffee and donuts in the morning.
5	Awesome price for a few nights in March when every other motel jacked up their rates for Spring Training. Super clean and safe. The bathrooms looked very recently upgraded. Microwave and fridge included in the room. Coffee, juice, fruit, and wrapped pastries for breakfast. Walking distance to everything downtown. Friendly, helpful owners.
3	Location is in downtown but in a sketchier area. The room was fine and fairly clean. The bathroom, and especially the shower, was tiny. However, the water pressure was incredible, showering felt like being sprayed down but a fire-hose. The guy at the front desk was not at all friendly. We've been in a bunch of different motels in the last week, all over the country, and it's incredible how far a smile will go. This man had only a frown and hard eyes.
4	A great, no frills, clean, cheap, free coffee place to stay. Newly renovated. Great location in downtown Phoenix. We were in room 217.
2	I wouldn't use the verb "great" to describe this motel. Sheets were stained and had tiny holes in them. There was no mattress cover so any movement I made was followed but the loud crinkling of plastic or whatever was covering the mattress. Needless to say, I barely slept.
5	This hotel is located just a few blocks from the convention center. It cost $129 per night less than the host hotels at my convention I attended. It's not fancy but it is very clean and safe. Breakfast is simple, no dresser drawers, and towels are rough. Save your money and stay here.
1	This place is a dump. Everything seemed so shady as soon as we showed up. I booked a room online for two nights and printed a confirmation with the total price on it and as soon as I go to check in, the owner tries to tack on an additional $30 a night. After arguing with him about that, we get our key and head to the room. The entire motel smells like fresh paint and mildew and there's only 1 working entrance so if your room is in the back, you can't even use the door 4 feet away. In the room we found a clump of hair and snot on one of the pillows and hair down the shower drain causing it to already be backed up when we got there. Needless to say, we immediately turned around and got our money back and left.
3	Well, it's about what I expected... Staff was friendly, room was clean. However, nearby Van Buren St is quite loud and if you're a soft sleeper, I cannot really recommend it.
