4	This Jack in the Box opened only a few days before I wrote this review, I had been anxiously awaiting the opening of this location because the closest Jack in the Box in Centennial Hills had been Craig & Tenaya off the 95 until now. I went and chcked it out as soon as it opened. We all know what food Jack Box offers us, so I won't waste anytime on that. The food I did get was pretty fresh and tasty like it should be, but took a little long to come out to the table. I will give them the benefit of doubt for now, because it was quite busy inside and in the drive thru as it had just opened days ago. This location is unique as the inside dinning layout is completly different from what we are all use to with Jack in the Box, all of the old locations being the same pretty much. This one really hits the mark. Stylish, clean, has a really good feel inside. Extra kudos to this location for having the touch screen order kiosk right at opening, and the fountain drink selection is bigger too. I will be going back often, I'm so excited!
3	Guilty pleasure-their churros.It has like a cinammon cream inside. Nothing like biting on a warm churro...thing though it has a tendency to squirt out the cream! Just a warning. I got it on a light colored shirt and stained it. Now the big complaint is that if you do late night drive thru- check your bags before driving away. We've gone only a few times and they forgot things 3 times maybe out of 5 visits....and somehow it's always what the BF ordered since he orders a few smaller things and I just usually want just a salad and churros.Also don't assume they put the proper sauces in your bag- he got a appetizer trio and didnt get marinara, ranch or sweet and sour. Nothing makes me more irritated than going home and things are missing that you paid for and now theres not enough food. So don't do it to yourself...check it because they're not paying attention at this location.I should add that they just opened, so hopefully it's just a learning curve and not the usual disposition of the staff here.
5	Always delicious! Never ceases to fill my tummy. Freshly made fast food. Courteous service and very prompt. Very clean restaurant inside and out. Safe area to eat t versus other locations in and around Las Vegas. English speaking employees!
4	Number 1 on sourdough. Try it and you'll be hooked. That being said, I drop coin in JITB all over the valley and am pleasantly surprised that the best service is here in Centennial Hills. #score
4	Fast and efficient location, whether you dine in or drive thru. I never have to wait more than a few minutes for my food and it never gets too crowded inside. They used to have a self order kiosk, which was pretty awesome, but I just noticed that it's not there anymore so now you have to wait in line even when using a credit/debit card.
3	After my experience at Del Taco next door (see Del Taco review) this place was very nice. Everything was the way you would expect it to be.
5	Nice, prompt service.  Good food.
