4	We stumbled across this place on our way to the grocery store and were blown away.  I am not sure what they are seasoning the dough with but the crust is what makes a great pizza and they nailed it. Prices were great, the owner was really friendly and we got our pizza fast and hot.  What's not to love?
5	AmaZing food, fast and friendly service. They actually make all of their ingredients from scratch!!!! We're talking from, homemade cheese, bread, sausages.... And great prices too!'!
5	Fun authentic pizza, gelato and panini palace with attitude. Large variety of reasonably priced rustic roman pizzas. They'll make what you want, or you can follow their quirky selections like shrimp & salmon, potato with Rosemary, or hotdog. I tried the artichokes & olives as well as the wild mushroom mix and I was amazed! They make their own mozzarella fresh for the pies and fill cannolis to order. You won't believe this level of freshness.
5	A fresh of  breath air from the normal hum drum pizza and food. More than reasonable prices. Love it !
5	LOVE this place! Authentic, delicious, so many choices. Very reasonable!
5	Stumbled on this place and extremely happy about it!!! The pizza is amazing, and the gelato has to be the best I have had! So glad to get a good local pizza joint on the west side!
4	CLOSED DOWN..........    :(Very eclectic. Very good.Have been here twice and both times were very good. They do small, square pizzas. So, you get more variety for a similarly sized pizza from somewhere else. Many, many options. I have had a few that did not float my boat, but they were not bad, just not my liking. All of the ingredients were very fresh and the pizzas are cooked right in front of you as you wait, drooling. They have special days with magicians, balloon twisters and the like. Prices are not bad for what you get and they are definitely NOT chain pizzas.
5	People, this place is out of control...  Fresh ingredients, amazing crust and cheaper than McDonald's.  I had the bbq chicken and it was way better than CPK.  We had five pizzas and drinks for under $20.
4	We've been here a few times and we love all the fresh ingredients. The pizza is good when you eat it fresh but if you like to eat your pizza cold then you'll be biting into hard dough. Their Nutella pizza is good. Take a menu and check out their menu and hours for specials.
5	Decided to eat here because of other Yelpers. I'm not a big pizza person, but the boyfriend is and it was his turn to pick the restaurant. I am so glad we ate here. The pizzas are amazing. They are Italian pizzas not American pizzas so you'll find they have no tomato sauce. Trust me you don't miss it. We had the margarita, Hawaiian, mushroom, and BLT. You get a discount for ordering four small pizzas. They were out in minutes and disappearing off our plates just as fast. They also serve pastas but we were too stuffed to try them. He said he makes his own sausage and mozzarella, and he was making dough while we ate. You can buy pizza crust cooked or frozen as well. We heated up our left overs in our Nuwave oven, so we didn't have an issue with the crust as another reviewer mentioned. We can't wait to go back!!! :)
1	They are out of business already... didn't last long
1	This place seems to be closed.
