5	Great atmosphere and music.  I definitely believe that Lux has the best coffee I've ever had at this point.  Screw all my previous reviews - this place has coffee down.  They make damn good toast too.  Mmm.
4	Pretty yummy coffee, with a very personal touch on the cup, as they put an adorable little sticker with your name and drink on each cup.  Fantastic ambiance and decor with Angela Adams carpets, Jonathan Adler ceramic pieces, fresh flowers and affordable local art that is constantly in flux.  Just don't walk in while they're roasting, you'll have to go home immediately and change.  Your clothes will smell like burnt chocolate, or, um roasted coffee beans.  Not my favorite aroma.The sweets, made with love by the proprietor of 'Tart' are excellent as well!
5	Definitely  -- great tunes and a nice place to relax. The coffee has gotten even better since the beginning of the year. Play hooky, buy an americano, and grab a sandwich from Pane Bianco!
4	Best cappicino in Phoenix, the artwork is always amazing. But do not ask the barista to make you something that's not on the list or if they have WiFi. Other than that, this place is great. Oh, and the italian toast with blackberry jam..... *starts drooling*
5	Dog friendly!  Awesome coffee!  VERY COOL HANGOUT!!!  Park nearby to walk the dog!
5	i love, love, love lux coffee.  can't drink it there as the place is always too packed.  could sit on the front patio but it's tooooo hot right now.  so i take it with me which is fine.  their coffee is the best in the valley as far as i'm concerned (ok the LGO spanish latte is also dang good).  i have learned to embrace the multiple body piercings as part of the extreme coffee deluxe picture.   that coffee, it's enough to melt a girls heart.the chocolate chip cookies were incredible at one time.  don't know if they still are.  the woman who used to make them had her mother or grandmothers receipe.  as for the rest of their heavenly offerings, haven't had a bad calorie laden snack there yet.
4	This place is really cool, but it has a couple problems:1) its right on central and we all know central is one hell of a bitch to drive, that and its hard to findand 2) it doesn't have as spansive of a menu as I would like to see.sorta 3) too dark during the day. The type of lighting's cool in the evening and night, but during the day it makes me feel like I'm doing a drug run type thing (not to to say I've done so, but its how I would imagine it)I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the music though. The staff was also very friendly.
3	Lux is SO bi-polar. Half the time the music is unbearable- industrial and LOUD and the service is little more than a grunt from the guy taking your order and your money. The other half of the time the music is Jazz and very conducive to drinking coffee and talking and seemingly more appropriate for the environment. Every once in a while there will be a semi-friendly face at the register, but not very often, in fact it is rare- I once made the mistake of ordering a small drink and they snarled at me that they "only pull double shots" which I had read only moments earlier on the menu but had already forgotten (mommy brain) but they definitely could have handled that a little more nicely. They have books and other kid entertainment so I know they WANT to be kid friendly but the loud industrial music has got to go. The coffee is good and the environment is cool. The pastries are heavenly. I would have only given them 2 stars but the owners are pretty cool and I have hope that they will become more consistent with the music and service. I haven't been there in  a while, mainly for fear of a bad experience but I will give it another chance. I hope they become less focused on being "cool" and more focused on giving customers a genuinely well rounded- good experience.
5	I don't really do the whole "hang out at a coffeebar" type thing, so my review is based only on the drink itself, which has been awesome every time I've been there.  Best in the valley.   It's a shame Central is such a pain.
5	I LOVE LUX! Each time I order my cafe latte or au lait, I sprinkle Sugar in the Raw over the creamy froth and then inhale the coffee goodness before I begin drinking.  I have never had a bad coffee experience at Lux and I have been there oh so very many times. But it is not only the coffee that is fantastic. Be sure to try the toast. That's some tasty goodness! The other pastries are delicious (especially the brioche), but I find them to be a bit too pricey for my student budget. The only other issue I have with Lux is the outlet situation for laptops. There are very few and, especially on weekends, the coveted spots near the outlets are often taken. I guess you can look at it on the bright side- Take the time instead of working to people watch, enjoy the music or read a good book.
4	Habitat of the rare Phoenix-hipster.  The coffee drinks are better than any other coffee shop I have found in Phoenix.  Not as good as SF or Portland...  but still pretty good.  Hipster scene aside, this is actually a very pleasant place to hang out.  It is a true coffee house.  Props for the Adler vase on the counter and mod decor.  If I am in the mood to drink coffee and catch up on some reading I will definitely come here.
4	Mmm, Lux. Some of the best coffee in Phoenix. The interior is ever-changing as new artists are featured on its walls and the furniture is rearranged on a regular basis. Beans are fresh roasted on the premises so you know it's fresh and not vacuum-sealed from some huge faceless corporation. (I think you know who you are...)There is plenty of seating inside and out front under the covered awning. This comes in handy during the summer months for getting out of the sun, but does that really matter when it's 117 degrees? And why are you drinking hot coffee on a hot day like that? What would your friends say? I suppose you could always try it iced too...
5	best coffee shop and best coffee in phoenix. they do their own italian roast right there. great people and art too. awesome place to relax.
5	This coffee joint is great. The coffee is so good and so strong just one small one gets your buzz on. The baked goods baked IN HOUSE are soooooo delish. My cupcake was a bit dry once, but I kind of like them like that, however my friend I was with was a bit upset about the lack of moisture. They always have great zines to read and books to look at and tons of newspapers lying around. The seating is good, however they might want to rethink all of the white couches and chairs because they are super beat up. I think this place is the bee's knee's and you should go sip some java at this joint.
5	A rare and precious combination can be found at Lux:  de-LISH-ious coffee and homemade fresh bakery, ambiance, good people-watching, AND friendly staff who aren't too cool to smile and act normally.  Love!
3	Espresso, pastries and service is awesome! Building and location is great. Art and reading material is always fresh. The barrista's obscure music/noise being blasted at full volume? That's the main reason I get everything to go or sit outside and don't give them 5 stars.
5	Best coffee hangout in Phoenix that I've seen. Highly recommended for people looking to hangout, study, or meet-up with friends.
5	Skateboards as art, hanging on the walls. That's where my eyes landed first upon entry. Then I noticed the tables. Finally, the menu, including the tempting pies and sugary treats taunting me from the counter. There was a short line but the pace was quick. I ordered a simple iced coffee with room (for cream). Cost was $2.50. It's all the cash I had on me at the time. Kismet. The  plastic cup, with a crooked Lux sticker, came nearly full. I braced for the staunch coffee jolt when sipping it down below the brim. But, to my surprise, no such jolt happened. Without cream, this iced coffee was great. That's all I needed to rate this place 4 stars. Seriously. Most coffees you have to "dumb down" to taste. Not here. So, I added cream and a couple of packs of organic sugar. I mixed. I grabbed a bright orange straw and managed to spill my coffee when trying to insert the straw into the lid. Oh joy. A handful of napkins later, I was good to go. I parked myself outside under the canopy at one of their wooden tables. I sipped slowly, enjoying reprieve from the still-hot-in-November Phoenix sun. I enjoyed relaxing here, watching people come and go, watching the people inside work on their laptops. This is definitely a great place to hang out, to get some work done and to catch up with friends. I'll be back, especially now that I know the coffee is fantastic and it's within a short walk from my abode. Praise Allah for Lux!
4	What a cool little cafe, with a DJ playing early in the morning, delicious berry corn muffins, and good coffee. A little loud for my taste at that hour, but quite a popular little joint, and lots of regulars. Cool artwork on the walls. I was staying nearby for a few days, and for me, this was definitely the best part of this neighborhood.
3	Things I like in a coffee house...1. Oddly, not coffee. I really am not a coffee person which leads me to...2. Tea. I like tea. Tea and me are friends and when the barrista/o knows just as much about his teas as he does his coffees, then I am always impressed.3. FREE wifi. I've been traveling a lot lately and I never really appreciated the beauty of free wifi til recently. You get ripped off at hotels, airports, etc, so when a place like this doesn't charge you to chill and enjoy your time here while surfing for midget porn, then I am very grateful.4. Good people watching. Let's face it. I observe people for a living. I don't technically get paid for this, but I do it and so, I require a nice amount of characters to check out. Last night offered a dude wearing sunglasses...at night, along with two gay guys on a first date. Always VERY entertaining to watch someone else's awkward encounter unfold. "So, where did you go to elementary school?" "I hate when coffee is too strong!" "yada yada yada." (PS, they left to go for a "walk" so maybe it did go well)5. A cool bathroom. I know this may seem odd, but I love cool bathrooms and loathe gross ones. There is no middle ground for me. Sadly, Lux falls into the latter and it was guuross! The attempt at art is...interesting though, and by interesting I mean, not so much, but hey, at least it distracts you from looking around at the wet floor and paper towel explosions and dirty counters.So how does Lux weigh in on my 5 list. I think at a solid 3.5. Overall, the atmosphere was a tad sterile for my taste. I generally prefer really cozy couches and warm tones and cool lighting instead of white walls and somewhat fluorescent lighting. But the white tea was damn tasty, so I gotta give it up for that :)
5	Wow...I just found this little hidden gem here in CenPho. I'm sure no one's heard of it...hee hee...Lux is like the community center for the hipsters and thirsties. I don't know if I"m hip, but I do know sometimes I get thirsty. For some java. And thirsty for a non Starbucks place to hang. I think the loud DJ music kicks ass. What a great stamp to put on the ever so tiring hip coffee house scene still sprouting up across this great land. Funky art? Seen it. Eclectic rec room furniture. Sat on it. Tattooed and face- bejeweled employees? A must have. But the DJ? That's all Lux baby. My doctor has "suggested" (ok, like he totally insists) that a go easy on the caffeine. So one cup of this sturdy liquid beans keeps me going all day. Muffins and scones are great, especially if you get there real early. The Lux crew is friendly and efficient. It's so popular that navigating the small quarters at peak hours can be dicey. I know I've bumped a few end tables in my quest to get out and hear the slosh of a patron's coffee spilleth over. But, you know. Since I'm so hip, I just keep walking.
5	Lux is, without a doubt, my favorite coffee shop in Arizona.  Their drinks are a perfect balance of well-roasted beans and milk, served in smaller European-style ceramic cups.  Both the small and medium have two shots; pick the small for an intense coffee flavor, or the medium if you like more milk.  I don't think Lux has flavored syrups, but their mocha and velvet add a wonderfully smooth chocolate base. So, my dear friends in Phoenix, enjoy your Lux because when you move you're not likely to find anything as good!
4	This place is really ahead of its time. Unfortunately, it seems to be growing too big for itself. Every time I go inside there now I have to wait in a line for my drink and then there is never any seating unless you go outside. The staff is usually pretty cool depending on who you get. I love the design and layout. Great tea and coffee. Wireless internet as well!
5	I come here every year to meet my good friend for coffee as it's between our folk's houses. i have many fond memories of jamming a years worth of events into 90 min conversations over tasty coffee and chai.everyone who works here is awesome and the drinks are good. i never see a crowd but i go at fairly off hours - i could see it getting crowded as they have it set up more like a living / dining room than a restaurant.my favorite place to sit is at the giant light table. can't wait for the next time i am back in AZ so i get to go back!
5	I think this is the most popular review on yelp phoenix :)The coffee is just the best... I always order soy honey lattes and damn if they aren't the smoothest, creamiest, most delicious ones in town. YUM YUM!
4	I'm definitely NOT a hangout at a coffee shop kinda girl, but if I *was* this is the place I would set up shop to read, write, draw, browse a magazine, meet a date or just people watch.I met bonnie here pre-Chez Nous HH (that turned into evening since I got off work late) because my coffee shop connoisseur friend was posting up there until I got off work down the street. I admit I am directionally challenged to degree that is not only embarrassing, but debilitating. If you feel for me, take heed - I drove past it not once but two times. Add to that the light rail construction (it is right on central) and my post-work brain just about exploded. Poor bonnie had to take three calls from me before going out to the street to wave me in like an airplane.But, once safely in the parking lot, there were ample spaces and I was surprised to see that pane bianco was right next door! Then it all made sense - why that phoenix cool-baby marketing rep asked me a date here, why so many people that I would not imagine know about these kinds of things seem to love talking about lux. It's right next door to prob one of the busiest/coolest places to pick up sandwiches for up-and-coming downtowners (uptowners?). Well, although bianco was long-closed, lux was happenin' at 7 at night. there was plenty of comfy seating (two couches, and easily 7 or 8 arm chairs) plus a long table seemingly designated for setting up laptops. The staff seemed friendly and nice, and I really liked that the shelves for placing flyers was inset into the counter where you order - still visible but not at all the messy eyesore they inevitably end up being.Ok, now for my favorite part - the clipboards that hang on stings against the wall so that patrons can hang their own sketches, drawings, paintings - whatever. (miss bonnie herself added a RAD sketch of a sexy bunny-man, I suggest you check it out).Sorry to say I did not taste the coffee or the treats, so I can't speak to that. But, I would most definitely go back to do so.
5	Lux remains, hands down, the best coffee shop I've found in Phoenix.  The coffee is great, the service is quick and unpretentious, music is (almost) always good, and there is just no better place to settle in with a book or laptop for an hour or two.  They also always have the most delicious pies/cakes/muffins.  The only complaint I have is that it would be nice if they carried some "savories"... breads, rolls, pasta salads, or maybe even sandwiches.
4	I have been dying to try Lux for awhile and I finally made it... definitely worth the wait.  I came here for the Yelp book club meeting and since it was kind of late in the afternoon I decided to try the hot apple cider with whipped cream instead of coffee... it was sooo delicious!  I will have to come back to try their coffee because that is after all their main offering.  All of their pastries, muffins and cakes, etc looked amazing and I had to use a lot of self control not to try one.
3	Disclaimer: This is a tentative review as this is only my second time frequenting the joint, first time was about two years ago so don't bite my head off Lux lovers!I decided to play a little hooky from work this morning and popped in at around 10am. My plan was to grab some coffee and a pastry and relax with a newspaper. First off, the place was totally packed. Maybe because it was Friday I dunno, but there was not a place to sit down. And it was really loud. I ordered an au lait and a chocolate chip scone. While all the pastries looked delicious (especially that chocolate cake!), I found it kinda strange that they're displayed out in the open like that. No pastry lids or case just sitting there on the counter getting stale while anyone can reach out and poke them with their dirty little digits.I got my coffee, LOVED the leaf latte art, very cool. Call me slow, but it took me about ten minutes to find the condiment counter, which is stashed in the corner between the DJ and the bean roasting vat viewing room. I managed to squeeze behind her and grab my sugar. The DJ concept is cool and all, but seriously, at 10 in the morning? I thought it was kind of silly. However, the coffee was delicious, very nice flavor and a rich taste. Scone was dry, but tasty. While the industrial-esque ambience is neat, the place is indeed a little too sterile and not the most inviting. There could be a few more couches and warmer colors. The hip staff was very nice though.I'll be sure to hit this place up again when it's not so busy!
3	It makes me sad to say this, since I was so excited to pay a visit to this cute little place occupying what was once a pawn shop across the street from my high school, but I was not really impressed with Lux.  I went twice in the course of a couple of weeks and the trips averaged a rating of "eh."Trip #1: Girl barista is nice, suggests upsizing from a small-sized chai latte to a medium because the small is only slightly larger than a shot glass.  It's midweek in the p.m. so the place isn't too busy, making it a nice place to relax.  Sadly, the chai is lackluster.  It tastes kind of watered down.  My friend has the Velvet, which is way better.  When it's time to leave, there is some confusion as to where the garbage can is located (Answer: way in the back).Trip #2: Guy barista is a bit snotty.  Again it's suggested that I upsize to the medium (why even have the small really?) and then is a bit pissy when I tell him I really only want the Velvet in a small.  I say no thank you to the whipped cream, trying to muster some sort of self-control.  When I go to pick up my drink, the barista is putting some whipped cream on my friend's drink.  "The whipped cream is really good," he tells me.  I hesitate, watching him dole out the tasty confection and he sees me.  "You already said no," he says as he closes up the container and smugly puts it back under the counter.  Now, maybe he's trying to be funny, but if that's the case, he needs to work on his delivery because it just comes off as being snotty.  The place is full of people tonight.  My friend and I sit on the white chairs up towards the front.  There are dirty plates and cups on all the tables and everything is just a bit askew.  It just feels a bit grimy.  My Velvet is only okay.  It's probably much better with the whipped cream.Overall, I just kind of got a pretentious vibe from the place.  I feel like I can get a tastier Chai and way less attitude over at Copper Star.
5	Lux is my favorite, everything here is fantastic. All the barista's know your drink and have a welcome smile to see you. Pastries are made on site, ample in selection and are delicious. If you think you're too chubby for cake there's usually fresh fruit hanging around and yogurt in the mornings. Free wi-fi and free people watching are a bonus to this dimly lit and cozy atmosphere.
4	I think Lux might be a little too popular for its own good.  I was there for 30 minutes and the line was out the door the whole time.  The coffee was definitely good, and the pastries are super popular, but my idea of a good coffee shop is a chill joint where I can just take it easy and relax.  I sat down in Lux and started reading a book, but after awhile, it was just too much for me, so I high-tailed it out of there and went a few blocks over to Copper Star, which was way more chill and relaxed.Plus, I'm not a fan of the outside seating right next to the parking lot, but then again, it's phoenix.  But yeah, the baristas were super friendly, and i haven't seen that many tattoos in one place since I moved here from SF.  I see why people like the place so much, but it felt a little on the pretentious side; people trying a little too hard ...
3	As the Kaiser Chiefs once emoted:"Everyday I love you less and less [...] I've gotta get this message to the press"Hey, all good things come to an end, si?  I mean, The Smiths, the Cubs improbable 2003 playoff run, a pound of extra-lean Rudy's barbecue ...... and now, my run at Lux.Its like reading a bad book past the first ten pages.  There are just too many OTHER good ones out there to waste your time drudging through this one.  This rule applies to Lux.  My Saturday and Sunday hangovers have now come under the authority of Copper Star.Don't get me wrong ... had I written this 5 months ago, i would have decreed that my first born would be fashioned with the couture name Lux, I'm sure.  But when I took a step back, I realized I was always really uncomfortable there.  The set up is all wrong.  Its brutally uncomfortable, especially perching my fat ass on a 2 foot wide, pine bench like I'm Sean Marks (trust me, he's a Phoenix Sun that never plays) just to smoke a square.  I'm even tired of the uniform: Seven Jeans/Ironic t-shirt -- possibly with a reference to something delightfully obscure like Herve Villechaize.The drip coffee ... two thumbs 'meh'The vibe ... cheeky and flippant.  Just to radical for my hang-over necessities.Okay, I loved their toast and fresh preserves, but that was a product of their friendly neighbors.Peace-out Lux.  We had a nice run.  Its not you, its me.  Maybe we can still be friends and hang out again sometime.
5	Did the other reviews mention the FREE WIFI???
3	What can I say? LUX has great coffee and friendly baristas, but as one who is looking for a chill coffee bar to chat, read or study; alas, LUX is not for me.  The sweets selection is divine and espresso tasty as all hell. The problem lies in actually getting service since the place is always jam packed. I have on three occasions tried to meet friends to study here (but they all love a loud atmosphere and don't really study, just prop books in front of them in hope the information will fly on a free floating wave length into their brains). Each time I had to excuse myself and go to another spot to study. Maybe if the place were only half as busy?Hmmm, who knows?
4	You say you want outstanding coffee close to downtown Phoenix?!  Do Ya!---Well let me tell you about this terrific little place called Lux Coffeebar....Just between Indian School and Camelback on Central...This place has what I would like to think the word 'Panache' was named after!You walk through a very modest door into a world of peace.  Where the people sitting at their laptops (throughout), are the plumage of contentment.  Typing away at cyberworld, and sipping some of the BEST Coffee that is probably brewed in this part of the region of Phoenix!  The beans are roasted on-site, and the flavor of the latte' I had was beyond belief!  So was the texture!---Like silk!  WOW!  I was so bummed that I came during my work lunch-break and couldn't stay longer than 20 minutes or so for my first visit...Not the way I like to roll with such terrific coffee.  I like to chill out and take it all in...Oh well...I will be back!The setting is very comfortable for the lounger that wants to just sit and sip a cup of java and carouse the cyber connections out there.  There are cubby places to sit for all tastes, and the folks there filled most of them!  The motif is very earthy and the lighting is just right.I gave it four stars instead of five because with such a gift as they have for making and serving some of the best in the industry, they need to have a larger sit-down area or areas to welcome and bless even more guests...+++
4	Lux put the bar in coffee bar. It's not a study spot (as alluded to in other reviews), it's usually packed, you order your drink at the counter, the baristas are unique, beautiful, personable, but busy. I like Lux a lot. But typically if I want to talk to someone I have to sit outside to do so. Coffee is pretty good. Although, I did have one bad round where I'm fairly certain the soy milk was a little rank...but other than that...real roasted coffee beans and delish muffins...all worth the trip.
5	i'm a packaging person. the way things are packaged makes a huge difference in my experience. i love the cups at lux. simple and wonderful. my best friend was in austin for three months and when he returned he informed of a coffee place there he would frequent, i was so excited to bring him to lux and give him back a little piece of home.
4	When I first discovered Lux I was blown away by the caliber of their coffee, and the really cool building they are located in.What blew my coffee buzz was the staff informed me that the owner wanted nothing to do with Free Wifi because "he didn't want a bunch of bums mooching on the internet and wasting their seats".I haven't been here for a year or two. I will definitely check this out again soon, and hopefully they have come to their senses and installed internet access.UPDATE: A deafening roar of Yelp users has informed me that FREE WIFI does indeed exist at Lux now. We might just have to kick it up a star once I have revisited.
5	Great everything! Love the pasrtries, the coffee, the people, great, just great!
3	Lux serves great coffee. The staff is a little iffy - sometimes tending to be impersonal or even rude. But I have also had some great staff experiences there.Usually Lux is busy, so good luck finding a seat. The atmosphere inside is great. Local art on their walls is constantly rotating. There are tons of electrical outlets which encourages using their free wifi!If you go during lunch time do not miss out on stopping next door at Pane Bianco for some of the best sandwiches in Phoenix.Lux's pastries are good and they offer a verity of specialty bottled drinks. If you're a fan of iced tea try it with mango syrup - it's wonderful and not very many coffee shops I've been to have the mango syrup. It is my personal favorite. Also I love their soy velvet (a soy white mocha). Their smallest size is much smaller than average coffee shops - probably 8 ozs. But it's great if that's what you're looking for. All their lattes come with two shots of espresso, so you're only paying for more milk and syrup when you upsize, so buy according to how much you enjoy the flavor of espresso. Their drink prices may seem a little high, but they're worth it. Plus their menu is elegantly designed. Tax is included on the prices listed, which features price points either on the dollar or fifty cent. Purely simple!
4	I found Lux on my first trip to Phoenix last fall via Yelp....  and it was definitely a welcomed alternative to the "chain" coffee houses.  ...  Speaking of which, I am quite partial to the Mocha one such chain serves and so I tried it here.  Now I make a point to stop in at least once while I'm in town for Lux's version of it....  ESPECIALLY with the home made whipped cream.  Ooooooo.  Mmmmmmm.   :-pBut seriously, Lux is a great place to go for that cup of "coffee" you're craving, but consider yourself warned as others have mentioned; Lux is almost ALWAYS busy, so seating and even waiting for your order can be rather inconvenient (think Grand Central Station busy on weekends)....    and for that my review would have been for 3.5 stars instead of 4.
4	I feel pretty good about Lux. I put much of my teeny server's salary into this place every month, but it's delicious and it satisfies the caffeine addiction. The staff treats me pretty well, but I assume this is because I go there everyday. (and because I have really, really good hair..)i've always been quite the snob, with just the right amount of slumming taking place, but i can't truly enjoy an iced latte from anywhere else now. i don't enjoy their hot drinks quite as much, but iced always hits the spot. soy iced velvet? delicious. delicious. delicious. iced americano? delicious.and the little quiches! and all of the meyer's cleaning products! lux is pretty much amazing.
4	I have been to Lux many times for meetings, to kill time, to read a book, to get some coffee before I head to my downtown destination...I hadn't been in a while and we had some extra time before the play started, so we headed to lux for an Iced Americano, a strawberry italian soda and 2 cupcakes... and then 2 more cupcakes.The drinks were great and cupcakes... perfect!I read my book and he did his crossword puzzle and we hung out for an hour and a half.  They were playing Hot Hot Heat and the paintings on the walls were very good.  I need to try to get over here more often.
3	YES, the coffee is great.  Though each time I go there, the service is different.You see, sometimes I go in and ask for a soda from the fridge in the back.  They usually pretentiously tell me to get it myself, as if I'm the only person who forgot to read the LUX Etiquette Handbook, Vol,4.  Im ok with getting it myself, thats all good.  But then the next time I go, i try to get it myself and an employee cuts me off as i attempt to open the fridge and says: "Uhhh, can I help you?"  I say, "well, last time they told me to get the soda myself?"   She says, "Only when we're busy"Yet it was more busy then than the previous time. So to all the lux regulars, how many people is considered busy, or is there some other way in determining this.Also, i always ask for whipped cream.  Half the time they put it on, half the time they don't.  Thats too bad because the whipped cream is amazing.Last note, the arrogance, pretentiousness, self-obsessed, elitist vibe is uncanny.  Not the physical place, but the people.  If you don't walk in with a with that certain "I know good coffee and I'm special"  attitude, they stare at you like an alien.  Oh, and you have to have a mac laptop too.But i will still continue to go here because they have the best coffee.Oh well.
4	Oh Lux,  how I love thee....I'll start by stating the obvious, the coffee/espresso  is superb. It's within walking distance from my place which is also fab. My favorite little treat is the velvet (which it seems, is some white chocolate concoction). I always feel like I want to throw up about 20 minutes after finishing it... this is a good thing kids, means it's like diesel fuel (or blow)  and I'll have uncontrollable facial twitching for hours without the cost of either. woot!Another thing I must mention is the adorable inked up little hipster cat behind the bar. This kid can froth my milk anytime. Sure, I probably couldn't fit into his "skinny" jeans or whatever but still..... rawr.  So if you're like me and you have a penchant for amazingly yummy java and pretty, possibly sexually confused, skinny boys that are WAY to young for you, pop in to Lux.You can thank me later......
5	Hands down - the best.  The best atmosphere, the best coffee, the best snacks, the best service. I only get my coffee here.
3	All the points go toward the decor and neighboring shops, really. Service was smile-less each and every time, perhaps because I was dressed like I was, which I hate at coffee shops. F- on soy milk... I can't believe baristas deign to serve something with chunks at the bottom. I know it isn't "bad," but no one customer should incur the penalty of the baristas not having shaken the product properly in the first place. That's a Starbuck's move. I like the ice water station. Nice idea.
5	Now worthy of 5 stars for replacing their toilet with one that actually flushes. It's always nice when a place that sells diuretic beverages has a working toilet.---The baked goods are baked right there in the coffee house, by their employees.  The coffee is roasted right there, on site. Iced tea refills are free, bitches. The baristas are hep cats who ride fixie bikes. Now, I like to coast, but shit...  Gotta give them cred. If you go often enough, the other regulars will be friendly. If you hate Mac laptops, you probably should stay away. The new tables are great. There are power outlets everywhere. It's next to Pane Bianco. I run into my homies there on the regular. When it comes to coffee shops in CenPho, there is no competitor. Jeff, the owner, is a cool dude. The seating outside is nice. I have been known to spend all day there, and use it as my office away from home and my real office. I seriously probably spend about 16 hours a week there or so, maybe more some weeks, working on my laptop and occasionally people watching. Did I mention that I kind of like this place?
5	I have liked Lux the most of all the coffee shops I've tried in Phoenix so far.  I should have gone here months ago!  It was just lovely on a July day.  Interior has a fantastic, simple feel.  The temperature was refreshing.  My iced chai latte was delicious.I'm going to change that to five stars.  :)
5	from the music to the coffee to the furniture this place gets it, or at least gets it for me. i havent had a bad coffee there yet. the brownies are super rediculous good. the music is loud and not on the radio.
5	LOVE this coffee place....the atmosphere is so cool and the coffee is really good.  I just wish they would open a place near the Biltmore where I live.
4	I had high hopes for Lux partly because of my desire for independent and unique businesses to succeed but also because I'm an Italophile who loves real espresso and secretly wishes she could wake up every morning in Rome, walk down to the neighborhood bar, and grab a cornetto (Italian version of croissant) and a rich, deep espresso. Since I obviously can't do that, I am always hoping that I can find a place locally that can re-create that nonchalant but cultured atmosphere so prevalent in European establishments and, of course, make some damn good espresso. Lux definitely gets some points for approximating the refined but casual feel of cafes and coffee shops in places like New York and Paris, and I very much appreciate places that remind us that eating and drinking are just as much an experience as they are about refueling quickly before we go off to our next daily task. However, because "la dolce vita" is not just about atmosphere but is also about taste and quality, I have to express my disappointment in the espresso we were served. It just wasn't that good. It was quite bitter, in fact, and it left a bit of a bad aftertaste in my mouth. I kind of expected more from the hype (and from the fact that I paid $2.50 for it). To be fair to Lux, I've been back since and the espresso and americanos were much better on my subsequent visits. In any event, it's always nice to take a break from the frenzied pace of life and to avoid the Starbucks drive-thrus as much as possible.
4	Been here a couple of times, and I can't really tell you much about the coffee because frankly, I didn't notice. I was too busy ooohing and aaaahing over the biggest collection of free local flyers/magazines/event notices I've ever seen in such a tiny little place, and trying to force myself not to pick up a bunch, which would only end up as backseat litter in my car anyway.  I did appreciate the urban-euro-hipster-sleek-punkish sorta feel of it.  Can't say I liked the guy serving me.  Had the attitude issues of a problem 16-year old, except that he was at least in his late 20's.
4	I am shocked----could it really be the case that service here was once less than friendly?  I've only been going here for about a month, but everyone is super friendly, in the everyone knows your name sort of way.This place deserves somewhere between 4-5 stars.  I just can't bear to give a coffee shop five stars---the coffee itself must be absolutely perfect for five (which it is not).  My one complaint is that it is slightly too uber-cool for me.  Definitely bring your laptops if you want to fit in.PS: I find some of the pastries dry.  But, the pies are quite yummy.
4	One of our favorite places for coffee and great food. Great atmosphere and art work on the walls. I especially love their light tables to work on. I gave it a four rating because they need to make their place a little bit bigger. When the lines get so long it's sometimes difficult to pass the line in order to get a table or whatever we need after we order our coffees. Sitting outside with the mist on is a plus and their delicious baked goodies.yum!
4	Best Soy Latte in town, with a great foam design,Muffins are not very tasty, hard to find seating, but if you do, great items to read and fun people watching.
4	My only four star review for a coffee house, This place pays great attention to detail. One can't deny the cool looking flower in the middle of each cup.  And the pastries that are made in the back make every trip memorable.   a.a is right bring a laptop if you want to be one with Lux.  I found the service to be very friendly and there is not a high rate of turnover, the baristas know what their doing.  Don't let the light rail construction stop you from a visit the place is worth it.
4	Still love the coffee. For the first time ever, I order my coffee and something sweet - for there. While in line, I eyed the sweets. I wasn't the only one, though. A little fly was having his fair share of sugar, flying from scone to muffin to cake. My heart dropped. Luckily, they had a few choices covered up in glass. I chose the massive, super-chocolate walnut brownie. Somehow, miraculously, I managed to carry two plates to the "coffee condiment station." I set the brownie down gingerly on the napkins. Then I balanced the coffee cup and saucer in my left hand.... while pouring cream slowly into the cup with my right. I made it almost to the door, when I decided to set the brownie plate down and sip the coffee below the rim - before it sloshed all over the place. It was a suspenseful, long walk and I didn't have a clue how I was going to turn the door handle and make it outside. I stepped aside and asked the people behind me to give me a hand. I don't think they heard me, but they held the door open long enough for me to slip outside... and into a wooden bench directly under the noon-hour sun. Wowza. Since it's always so hard to find a spot inside, I opted for out. My brownie began to melt. The hot coffee tasted great, but it did little to save me from the heat and the sweat beginning to collect down my spine. Needless to say, I tossed the coffee back like it was a cheap shot at a club, stuffed my brownie in the to-go bag I requested and practically jogged to my car, where I blasted the A/C and drove away.Upside of all this? I sliced my brownie into small pieces and shared it with my co-workers, who have not yet been to Lux, although I keep telling them to go... Looks like I brought Lux to them.
4	I can't believe I waited this long to try Lux. I'm new to Phoenix and had just about given up on trying to find a place to go and sit and work around creative people AND get good coffee while I'm there. As an academic, I've kind of built my life around working in good coffee shops. So when I moved here I figured I'd have to rethink all of that. Not so! Lux is my new fave. The coffee is real: espresso drinks are made by hand, not machine. I agree with others here that the beans aren't that great though. Even though it's not the absolute best coffee I've ever had (I'm a lifelong Peet's fan), it's certainly not reason to skip going here. On the other hand, the service is AMAZING. They remembered my name, made sure I got stamps on my frequent buyer card, and offered to heat my croissant in a REAL TOASTER and not some lameass microwave. I got a nice little pot of jam and a smear of real butter, too. They seemed to know I was new there, which indicates to me that they have a ton of regulars and make a sincere effort to get to know them.There are plugs and free wifi and I don't feel pressured to leave before I'm ready. Lots of great people-watching, too. (Last time I was there, a woman in her mid-30s wearing a Slint t-shirt came in with her kid-- very cool.) There's nothing dirty about this place and I don't feel like I'm sitting in someone's basement, drinking coffee off of thrift store furniture. It's very much an adult coffee shop that encourages you to hang out for a while, either indoors or out. (FYI, there are nice benches and grassy spots around the building in addition to the tables under the awning out front.)I only wish it were bigger, a little quieter, and much closer to where I live. I also wish it opened before 7 but that's just because I need something to make me want to get up earlier and get working. To be honest, since I moved to Phoenix 6 weeks ago I thought I was doomed to a life of grading my students' papers from any number of commercial or mediocre coffee shops. I have also had a hard time finding places to go where my people are at. You can imagine what a sigh of relief I expressed when I settled in with my cappuccino at Lux. So nice to be there.
5	Remember that time you knew what a Dirty Chai was, Lux?  Remember how it was perfectly mixed, chilled, sweet and delicious every single time?.... remember that time that I couldn't find a place in NY with a decent Dirty Chai (assuming the barista knew what I was talking about)?Oh Lux, I promise that I will sit doing nothing with my Macbook, a trusty Pane sandwich, and the deliciousness that is your Dirty Chai come December.
5	Best espresso in PHX Tattooed punkers serving it Beautiful women drinking it Original art everywhere and for sale Wifi I miss this place like hell too...
5	Awesome staff and awesome drinks! I was here around June and i would say that it's one of the best spots for a very hot night. The coffee crew happens to ride fixed gear rides and asked me if i wanted to do a social ride but i did not have my bike at the time. I would definitely go again when i visit!
4	i went here for vacation with the boyfriend.  we actually found this coffee shop on here since we were craving some coffee. we came here at night since Arizona in June is HOT HOT HOT!!  the patio had a bunch of picnic style wooden tables n' benches.  they had the misters around the patio to keep us cool.  the drinks? they were pretty good, i asked for a iced white mocha and asked if it was sweet. the guy was pretty nice and had a chill attitude, he suggested to put less chocolate in it to make it less sweet.i got the drink, but regretted getting it the normal way, i think it wasn't sweet enough..but the coffee taste was really good. made with real Ghirardelli chocolate!i had fun relaxing there, i would definitely go back for misters.
4	As a kid I wanted superpowers. I wasn't picky about it; any power would've been sufficient. Super strength. Super speed. I'd even have settled for being able to break things just by screaming. But alas, instead of super powers all I got where good looks and charm. It's not easy, but I try to live with it as best I can.Yesterday something happened to me, though. Something extraordinary. Something that cannot be explained with science. Or logic. Or even algorithms (I tried.) I believe I may have stumbled upon the secret to my secret abilities.Amanda B and I came to Pane Bianco after the Anti-Prop 102/Prop 8 rally. I was hungering for equal rights and social justice, but in the meantime I had to settle for salad and bread.While waiting for our food Amanda turned to me and said "I'm going over to Lux. You want anything?"And without thinking I said "Sure. Surprise me."I swear to Cthulu the entire restaurant froze in place. The two girls at the counter, Amanda, even the guy in the make making my salad, everyone, for the briefest of moments, were trapped in stasis by my naivety. By the power of n00bity, I had stopped time. Fuck. How do I unstop it?Thankfully Amanda, who over time has built an immunity to my occasional outburst of teh dumb, fixed the situation."Ummmm...there's a lot to choose from. Maybe you want to make it more specific?""Yeah, hahaha." Oh. Great. The girl at the counter has unfrozen herself too, isn't that nice."Perhaps coffee...tea...""Tea. Iced. Something fruity." I tried to laugh the whole incident off, but there was no denying it, we all felt it; I almost broke Pane Bianco with my stupid. Soz.After uncomfortably waiting on the patio (my "ironically mis-matching outfit" didn't work out like I had planned and the other patrons let me know it), I went into Lux to find Amanda, where I felt the smallest tuggings of belonging. With an interior this tacky, my outfit (comic book t-shirt, rolled up jeans, long black stripped socks, layers of bracelets, pink  faux pearls and business jacket...yeah...) and I fit right in. If only I had a Mac and a web design project I kept putting off to look at xkcd. Amanda got me the peach iced tea which I enjoyed immensely. Peach is one of those fruits, like grapes and green apples, whose actual flavor has been all but lost after decades of synthesized flavors (I predict that in ten years, at this rate, I won't even know what a real grape tasted like). But Lux's peach tea tasted like real peach. I can't say if they actually used real peach or if they just used some sort of syrup, but whatever they used tasted delicious. I keep hearing about how awesome their cupcakes are, and in the future I will possibly order one, but first I have to avoid that kneejerk "Ugh!" reaction I give when anyone asks me if I want the "vegan" option, like that time I giggled and said "Soy milk? No thanks. I just want regular milk for a regular person" to the barrista at the Starbucks on my campus.I will  admit I have an irrational fear of soy, but I am willing to do the right thing and give it a try.In the meantime, I'm going to see if maybe I can develop a different super power. I mean, stopping the world in its tracks with dumb comments is nice and all, but it's not going to get me featured in any comic books.I just realized this is a perfect excuse to get some rope and make some people tell the truth.Given my readers, even I'm afraid of what I'd find out.
5	A native San Franciscan in Arizona for grad school, I have searched far and wide for a place comparable my beloved Axis and Ritual cafes. At Lux, I found my home at a place with the best desserts in the desert.
5	Lux rawks in so many ways. They always have a top notch barista working bar, freshly baked goods from their own bakers, nice selection of music, and that overall hipster vibe that keeps things interesting. For those of you west coast out-of-town-ers, they're similar to Intelligentsia, Ritual, and Stumptown.When it comes to selecting and serving coffee, they strongly believe in getting the basics right (roasting, grinding, extracting, brewing, etc.) before consuming their time with other details (bean purveying, cupping, etc.).With that said, their whole bean selection is limited, which may disappoint those (including myself) interested in unique blends and single origin beans.Other notes: Laptop friendly; Busy, even during all the light rail construction; Pane Bianco next door serves amazing lunch sandwiches; They have a light table for you old school photographers
3	Lux is scene. I was amazed to see how packed the coffee shop was at 1030AM, aren't people supposed to be at work?! Anyway, the line was halfway to the door when I stepped into the fray but we moved quickly. I ordered an espresso and bought a "healthy" muffin filled with blueberries, carrots, possibly zucchini, an apple slice and covered in oats. It was like a brick in my stomach. I don't know, I guess I don't get the whole "hang out in a coffee bar" thing. Especially students. Guess what guys there is a great place you can take your laptop and 30 textbooks and study in peace and quiet...a library. go there. Lux is cramped but everyone seems to love it. I'm all for independent businesses so Lux is A-Ok with me.
4	Good coffee, good service, loses a star for being too cool.  Also: latte art.  Now that's worthy of the term "cool beans."
3	Yay: good lattes, good coffee, good scones, free internet.Boo: incongruous art, cramming a huge table with chairs up against the condiments counter so that if anyone sits down facing the door the people hoping to cream or sugar their coffee have to squeeze in awkwardly and maybe touch your head with their butt accidentally while you are trying to innocently enjoy a scone in the only seats left. Ok, so that won't happen to everyone. Also, the guy working the counter did not respond to my winning smile, and this was my first day of my first visit to Phoenix. Coming out of cold cold Boston, one hopes for a little more friendliness from the South West. I've heard things. But he wasn't trying to help us at all, much less trying to be mildly nice. It was like addressing a robot. A robot with a ponytail.
3	I didn't care for the atmosphere of this place, they are trying way too hard to be hip, but I must say it was some of the best espresso I've had. By far the best part about this place is its proximity to Pane Bianco (a great place for lunch right next door). If you wake up every morning and say hey "I'm fucking chic!" then this is your kinda place....other wise go get a great sandwich next door, grab a latte, and get the hell out.
5	Have you seen the Onion video on YouTube about the new keyboard-less Mac laptop where the guy being interviewed says "I'll buy almost anything if it's shiny and made by Apple?" Yeah, that pretty much sums up the Lux clientele. But don't get me wrong, I love me some Lux. Soy latte with a blob of whipped cream and fun patterns in the foam? Love it.Velvet latte with a blob of whipped cream and fun patterns in the foam? Love it.Croissant bread pudding with a blob of whipped cream to spoon into the fun patterns in the foam? Love it.People watching, alterna-hip vibing, Macbook-ing...Lux is the place to be for yummy fancy coffee and surrounding yourself with people who wonder, "Are you genuine?" (I was glad to see they finally changed that little message)Here's a fun game my husband and I played the first time we went there (on a chilly chilly day): watch all the people coming in the door that doesn't automatically close behind them, and try to guess which ones are conscientious and take a second to close it firmly. It's about 70:30 in favor of the assholes. We sat there with our Macs and our indie-band TShirts and smugged it up in the knowledge that we are so much better than, well, everyone.More fun games to play at Lux: 1)count the Obama bumper stickers on the cars in the lot2)count the Prius's (Prii?) (OK, one is mine)3)count the Macs4)count the non-Macs, then point and laugh at him5)count the hair colorsOh, it goes on. But I kid. I go there every time I have a day off.
1	Nope nope nope nope nope.The coffee might be good and the decor may be trendyHOWEVER BEWARE!!!HUGE "hip-ster" crowd.I've never been so amused in my life!!The crowd, huddled over their laptops mostly "pretend" to be working on them while others scoff at why one wears a Fruit of the loom T-shirt instead of an American Apparel.  Snotty, snobby and downright disgusting "wool cap" wearing crowd who act like wanna be (but can't afford to be) Californians jam the place tight.But, not my problem that your not "understood" or more obvious unemployed.If you're looking to go to be "seen" having a cup of coffee I recommend Starbucks on Robertson here in Los Angeles, at least there it's okay and expected.And you can do all the "freelance" work you want YIPPPEEEE!
4	Well I feel conspicuous as well as comfortable. I'm 57 and don't match the average demographic sitting amidst the "Retro" inspired gathering place. I like it.....reminds me of some of the haunts in downtowns of Portland, Seattle and SF. Sandra K had a lovely latte (Sandra K is an artist, so it's the first thing she notices is how it looks). Second comment was "It could use another shot". I stuck with a $2.00 cup of coffee and an elegant slice of Quiche. 3 Cheese and Garlic that looked as good as it tasted. The crust was perfect...this crust could hold anything, Banana Creme, Lemon Curd, or Chocolate Pie, that it contained a garlicky Quiche was fun.Like the communal tables...hip guy next to me inquired about my journal and that inspired a light and friendly conversation. Lux is demonstrating that we can have a downtown (mid town here) identity. This is great a great addition to our city and I am proud to say that I am a Lux fan.All the best to the "Luxorians"
4	Three words: Best Mocha Ever. Oh, and five more words: Best Peanut Butter Brownie Ever. Now that we know I like Lux, let's talk about some peoples complaints.Those who know me know I'm not trendy or a "hipster", but I've never had anyone at Lux "scoff" at my Target clothes or un-trendy shoes. And for the most part, everyone I know who goes to Lux really does work while they're there...they aren't just pretending to be on their computer! And if they aren't working, it's probably because the internet is down (which happens a lot more than it should at Lux). Overall, I really like this place but I can see how one who isn't super trendy or artsy might be intimidated when they first show up. My advice is to go again, a lot of different types of people go there and are really friendly. Plus, the different groups of people will come in cycles...at a certain time it might be inundated with twenty-something hippies with dreads, and another time it might be taken over by 30-something slightly overweight workaholics. Don't let people scare you from a good place.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Lux.They have one of the best white mocha's in town. I appreciate the art. I appreciate that they are open until 10pm. I appreciate their baked goods. I appreciate the big chairs to loaf around in.I HATE the bipolar attitude of the place. Sometimes the employees are sweet and friendly. Other times they are awful. Won't make eye contact. Act like you are not nearly cool enough to acknowledge despite the fact that you've been there three times this week. I hate spending over $4 for a tiny drink that will be gone in three sips.Every bad experience with a person behind the counter keeps me away for weeks or even months at a time. I went back this morning after an extended absence, and chick behind the counter was wonderful. Please, Lux, loose the pretentiousness for good!
5	So now that I'm working from home amidst traveling, I have basically turned lux into my makeshift office. I just have to say for the record, that i think their espresso gets better every single time I'm there.  Or maybe I just fall in love with it a little more each day! Seriously, shit is good.I used to not be able to focus in here with all the 'scene-y' stuff (alluded to in other reviews) but now i've found that if i have work to do the noise and the people kind of make me motivated. It can get really dull working at your desk in your house.I like that people hate so much on the mac-using, trendy people in the shop. Seriously? Who gives a shit? Unless they are mean to you or talk loudly about the previous nights parliament-smoking, pbr-drinking escapades - do you really care what kind of computer system they use and how skinny their jeans are? If so, I think it's time for a little introspection. But maybe i just take personal question to those reviews since i own a mac and am always working there :)But either way - their pastries are divine, their espresso is excellent, and i have never in ALL of my visits to lux had a rude, pretentious, too-good, whatever barista. ever. they are really kind to everyone that ive ever watched order a drink.i do get quite pissy however - when people sit down at shared tables and continue to cross, shift, and move themselves inevitably hitting the shared table about 8,000 times and spilling my coffee about 8,000 times. Come on folks, shared table...can i get a little consideration for your fellow coffee drinkers!?the end.
4	Alright, I can't be too detailed here because I only stayed for about 45 minutes, but I'll do my best.I don't pretend to be an expert on coffeebars especially since I don't drink coffee, but after living up the street for this place for a few months and always seeing it packed when I'd drive by, I jumped at the chance to check it out when some friends were there earlier today.I gotta be honest, this place was nuts.  I was confused upon arrival and had to look at my watch to check the time because I thought I'd just walked into a nightclub.  This place was PACKED.  I mean not a seat open at 5:00 on a Tuesday.  Music was blaring inside!  My boss called me from NYC and literally asked me if he was interrupting my bar time because it was so loud.Anyways, loud (bad) music aside, I still had a good time.  The people watching was fantastic.  Such a wide variety.  I mean you had so many different angles covered.  You had your hipsters typing away on their laptops trying to look very important, the tortured artist at the table next to me feverishly writing in his journal, the section that I can only call the hairdresser's corner because all of their hair was immaculately coiffed and standing about 3 feet high, to my friends who were doing actual work at a table, sending out invoices believe it or not.And then there was me, jaw gaping open the entire time, obnoxiously staring at everyone around me trying to get my bearings.Since I did not eat or drink anything, I should probably point out that I will be returning to Lux for the people watching alone.  It was that good.  I'd imagine it would be mildly difficult for me to work here with the loud electronica music blaring in the background, but that's alright, I'm willing to sacrifice work for just a little while longer : )
4	Went to Lux for the first time yesterday to grab a hot tea and get some work done. Overall, it was a great experience and I am looking forward to returning. The people who work there are pretty cool, they made me a couple great big mugs of hot tea and I had a crazy amazing brioche with huge chunks of sweet apples. awwww yeahhhh!I would give it 5 stars but it is a bit on the pricey side, the atmosphere could be better and there are NO seats at lunchtime. I was standing around for a good 15 minutes like a jerk with my laptop waiting for someone to leave. It seems like they might be able to make more room but its hard to say what the rest of the building is used for. At any rate, the best thing about this place isn't the place, or even the coffee and food- its the people. The employees are friendly and funny and the patrons are really, really cool. I met 2 people there I knew from Twitter who introduced me to another friend, who in turn introduced me to yet another person. There is a great buzz in this place, lots of people thinking, working and talking all fueled by caffeine. I had a ton of great conversation and thoroughly enjoyed myself. Looking forward to returning.
4	I live nowhere near Lux but it is worth the trip. Their lattes are fantastic!
5	Super friendly staff.  Fresh coffee and they roast their own beans.  Fun place to go.
5	LUX has the best coffee in town hands down. I've been to nearly all of the local coffee shops in Phoenix. I'm a complete addict. I work out of coffee shops and despite what some of these other folks say they observe I actually get more work done here than most other shops. I think the loudness and business of the place does it for me. Kind of like working out of the eXtreme Bean in Tempe.Any way, no other shop makes a white mocha (velvet) like Lux. Do yourself a favor and order a regular velvet mocha for here with their fresh homemade espresso whipped cream. Additionally, all of the pastries you see there are freshly baked in house too.So good.
5	Lux is one of my favorite businesses in Arizona.I think Lux is an amazing example of authentic excellence. Whenever I think about branding, Lux always comes to mind as a great example. They know exactly what they are. They don't try to be anything else. They do an amazing job of executing every part of who they are.First of all, the coffee rocks. They roast their own beans and are our favorite in town. Then the drinks they make are not only delicious but also beautiful. So many nice touches. Latte art. Homemade whipped cream with a touch of  honey. Sugared rim & slice of lemon on the lemonade. Fresh squeezed juices. McClendon Farms honey as a condiment. They serve their drinks in china & glass (cool non-institutional mugs & glasses) if you're drinking there. They even have killer lids for their to go coffee. Their straws are super thick & you never have to worry about them getting crimped.If it didn't all taste good, I guess it wouldn't matter. But it does & every little aspect adds to the experience for me.Same with their food. Great snacks. Served on china. Heated & served with a slab of real butter if it's supposed to be.Cool decor. Changing local art on the walls. Great music playing. Free wifi.The only thing that bugs me at all about Lux is how crowded it's become. In the scheme of things, I guess that's good because we know Lux will be around & it also says a lot for the taste of Phoenicians.I have heard one other criticism - that the folks there can be snooty. I myself have never seen that & experienced the absolute opposite time after time. I often come with 2 little kids too so I'd expect if anybody was going to get the snoot, it'd be me.I just plain love Lux. If it were closer to my house, I'd be there even more.
5	First up, great coffee. It's a shame they have such tasty mochas, because here is a place you can get a solid cap or espresso without fear. Just too many decisions. Their homemade whipped cream is amazing, so I often open for the quad-shot con pana to light me up. It's fantastic.Next up, friendly, smart staff. They always seem extra happy, which may be the constant buzz from the espresso and whipped cream rushes I am sure they cruise on all day.Cap it off with tasty pastries, nice vibe and decor, and it is one of my favorite coffee shops in town.The only downside at all is that it's popularity can make it crazy busy, so if you're looking to sit and relax or work for a bit, get there eeeeeeearly.
5	The long line Sunday morning is truly an indicator of how near and dear LUX coffeebar is to some residents of Phoenix, myself included.  As a people, us Urbanites are not generally prone to, well, waiting-- but these guys tamp out a mean cup that's just THAT good.  I live in Tempe and work in CenPho (@ Practical Art & Sack's Cafe), so I'm usually blipping in and out before work at the end of my commute, but I covet those few hours a week I can sneak away from everything, nestle up in a chic designer chair, and click away on my laptop (which--- outlets galore!-- I can actually plug in!).  On occaision, finding space to perch my bum can be a bit dodgy, and when it's chilly out their ample outdoor seating just isn't all that enticing-- but the times when I've been completely stymied have been few and far between.  I'm sort of a plain Jane and generally just order a non-fat latte (don't ruin their great, roasted on-site coffee with a syrup!) from their friendly, knowledgeable staff. And I have to say, I love the tattoos, piercings, and mod-indie clothes sported by some of the staff-- makes me feel right at home! Last rave-- they support local artists & sustainable practices. I heart them.
4	So it may or may not be normal, but I had an incredibly inconsistent experience here the other night. Lux has a primo location, next to Pane Bianco, just off a train station, and in a great neighborhood. They have a great patio which they share with Bianco, that even though it is loud, it is a nice spot to hang out. Their coffee prices are more than fair, $2 for a large coffee, and decent tasting. The biggest thing was not having to pay additional tax, as they have worked it into the prices. I never realized how angry it makes me when something is like $2.03 and I have to walk around with a pocketful of change all day. So those are all the plusses, but I've had a few negative reports as well.This may or may not be normal, but on my visit, it was a like an akward library. They did not have any music on, there was little to no conversation between customers, and it was very quiet. I also couldn't get past the blatant violation of fire code on the way to the restroom. They had piles and stacks of dishes in the hallway and I almost bowled one of them over because someone decided to try to pass me while I was next to one.
5	If I ever need a place to have a great coffee and work somewhere other than the hotel (I visit Phoenix often) or the office, this is a great place that is fun with good coffee, free wi-fi, and surrounded by a pleasant crowd which is a great cross-section.Prices are reasonable, coffee and snacks are fabulous, and the staff seems generally happy to help you out, happy to be there, and enjoy what they're going it.  Even though the music is a bit loud to be "background" music, it's quite relaxing just when that's what's needed....especially on a sunny afternoon.PS...if you ever want to smell what heaven smells like, walk down the back hallway.  The baked goods smell is AMAZING.
3	If anyone claims to come here for the food or coffee they're outright liars. It's all about atmosphere with this place. I've been coming here for a few years and it's a few blocks from my house and I definitely enjoy the calm vibe this place sets.Despite what I said earlier, I'm really not knocking the food or coffee at this place. It's pretty good, but overpriced. In essence, you're paying more for the atmosphere of the place, so it makes sense. It's nice to find a place like this in Phoenix because I'd totally expect a coffeebar as such to be in Silverlake or Manhattan. Lux is a great place to read, share conversation, or just enjoy a hot cup of whatever. That being said, I'm not a die-hard fan of this place like some, but I enjoy stopping by every now and then.Chances are if you're going to Lux you're one of two people: someone whose friend brought them along, or you want to look cool by going to a hip coffee shop. I've been reading alot of the negative reviews of this place and I don't see how those reviewers didn't know what they were getting in to. Just admit that you busted out your American Apparrel shirt and brought your copy of Wallpaper magazine to read while you sip your chai. It's alright, everyone does it there.
2	so you'll have to get over the "i'm important, got to work, really busy, snappy dresser, too cool for school (see the old barista "B"'s photo for reference)" type of people that occupy most of the seats at this coffee house, otherwise you will miss out on the best people watching of the valley. if you have been out of touch with society for a while, ie.  been stuck in kansas, under a house; stop in and cop a squat for about 2 hours and i'm sure you will see many a people you thought you'd never ever run into in your life again. they all stop in, if only to be seen. the coffee and the service is not that great, but it beats the last owners crew. about late lunch you will run into lots of overweight men, who are trying to fake business deals with beautiful models, before lunch you will run into the younger crowd trying to get into those fake business deals with overweight men. its a riot what you might see out there on the patio, but at least you will have a big f-ing table to do it from.
3	Okay, I want to give this place three and a half stars.I really wanted to like Lux based on the reviews, but there are things that prevent me from rating it higher. #1 - I once wondered where all the hipsters roamed in Phoenix. Then I went to Lux and I wondered no more. Pretty much everyone had an apple laptop here. Me and my vaio were the odd ones out. This is just an observation and has not a lot to do with the overall rating. #2 - It was crazy crowded in the middle of a weekday. The place itself isn't that big, so I assume there's a big following (confirmed by the number of reviews for this place). This made it difficult to lay my things out and have adequate study space. #3 - Smaller space + people = really narrow walk ways when people are standing in line to order.#4 - Coffee is good, but not as strong as I personally like. With that said, the perks here are ambiance (fun art on the walls that I imagine are changed everyone once in awhile), good people watching, parking despite the amount of people here, and the fact that its by the light rail. So yep, Lux is a solid coffee spot, but I think I'll keep looking for the coffee shop of my dreams.. with table space and stronger coffee.
5	Lux has some of the best espresso I have ever had the opportunity to slurp.  However, I'm sucker for the hip atmosphere and good indie music.  What I'm saying is, even if the coffee was not top notch I would probably still visit.  I know people make fun of hipsters who sit around on their laptops and write wrist slashing poetry, but there is just something about the atmosphere here that helps me think a bit clearer.  Like I said earlier, this isn't just a hip place to sit.  The coffee here is splendid, and the froth designs on the top are always a welcome addition to my the rich coffee goodness.  It is expensive so I don't go everyday like some of Lux's more affluent customers, but luckily Lux sells their espresso for me to take home and brew myself.  After I brew a couple shots, I sit at my dining room table, blast some indie music, put on my black framed glasses, read a Chuck Palahniuk book, and think about how cool I am.
5	As much as I love Lux, I'm kinda glad that it's not closer to my house, otherwise they might have all of my money. Working from home, I need to get out and set up shop elsewhere every once in a while so that I don't start talking to my houseplants, and more often than not, Lux is my destination.The service at Lux is always friendly and often funny. And I've sat close enough to the register enough times to hear them being friendly to people of all ages, shapes and sizes. The coffee is rich, dark and delicious. I usually stick with a house coffee with soy milk, so I do ok price-wise. I even buy the whole beans to brew my own coffee at home. I like it that much.Lux gets packed, but I've always been able to find a space and get access to an outlet for my power sucking laptop (not an apple, by the by). The music is good and mellow--think the Shins or the Stones. They've also got killer pastries, and if you time it right, you'll get them fresh out da oven.Coffee shops are all kind of a personal preference thing. There are lots of good spots in Phoenix, but Lux is my favorite.
5	Simply put... My home away from home.Lux is so much more than a coffee bar...  it's a community.  The staff is great, the owner has an amazing memory for names and faces...  I'm constantly impressed, and the people who frequent this great spot are eclectic, intelligent and friendly.  It's like Cheers... but better.... and without the booze.....*anyway* you get my point... from my first visit here, it has felt like home and over the years I've made more great friends here than I can count.'nuf said.
5	As a reviewer below said: "As much as I love Lux, I'm kinda glad that it's not closer to my house, otherwise they might have all of my money." So far it is the BEST coffeebar I've been to in the Sun Valley, not just the atmosphere or their chic and comfy couches, but because of the coffee bean quality. Sipping their aromatic coffee (either Velvet aka White Mocha, Latte, or just black coffee) is enough to make the rest of my day better!
4	comfy, awesome, cheap, free wifi that never shuts off, outdoor seating, funky setup, interesting magazines, right on the lightrail route.
5	(Un)fortunately for me, lux is close to my house.  I walk there nearly every day and am much poorer because of it.  The coffee and pastries are amazing.  They always play really great music too!
4	Update: they added a gorgeous new countertop (sans coffee wobbling mosiacs) and (ta-da!) a glass enclosed bakery display case! My friend Jefferson can now order his pastries with confidence.
5	Been hearing about Lux for months now, and finally I was downtown for something and figured I'd Google Streetview it. When I saw it and where it was, I realized I'd been here like four years ago. I jumped on the lightrail and headed up from downtown since it is only about 4 stops, but I screwed up and got off at Indian School. Don't do this, or you're walking. Stay on one more stop, and you're here!Walking up to the place, it was pretty cool. Sail material over communal long tables makes it easy to meet new people, or relax in the shade with your caffeine and earphones. I wanted to work inside since I'd planned to stay for several hours (papers to grade!) so I headed in. The line wasn't too bad (I hear it can get bad some hours of the day) and the barista was really friendly. I got my usual (a black coffee) and it was $2.00. No problem. The ambiance struck me immediately. The lights were very soft and easy to work under. There were about 30 people, two dozen of them were on laptops, most were MACs, and since I too am an Apple FanBoy, I was stoked. Grabbed a seat near the cash register across from a beautiful woman studying religion and medicine (checked out her books next to her MacBook). I hate when the coffee is too hot (Starbuck's), and this coffee was perfect. Shot some pics, booted up my MacBookPro, logged into the free wireless, and I've been sitting here ever since. This place is everything everyone has ever said about it. Great great coffee house.Side note: If you're here and want a great meal, head a (long) block south to George & Dragon for UK Pub food.
5	Lux is like being taught physics by Sir Isaac Newton.
5	When I met a friend at Lux this past Sunday, I was expecting it to be completely overrated and full of desperate hipsters trying to be a part of the cool scene.  I was wrong, it was fantastic.  I about died when the black and white chocolate mocha hit my lips.  The best thing I have ever tasted.  I will go out of my way to get near it again.  You don't just drink it, you make love to it.  Go get one now!  It's better than sex, well, sex and a black and white chocolate mocha after would be preferable.
5	Update: Okay, okay I get it. I came back yesterday and ordered an iced Velvet with whip cream. That.whip.cream.kicks.ass. And they SCRAPE it on as if it were frosting on a cake! I was mesmerized. They had a lovely and friendly barista taking orders, pastries are now safely tucked under a pastry case as god intended. Very nice.
5	I must admit I feel so uncool every time I come in here, mostly because it's hipster supreme and everyone seems to know everyone. But I sit in here and work because the atmosphere is both simple and eclectic -- I love the openness behind the counter and the openness of the seating area. Plus, good tunes always seem to abound here. Did I mention the coffee is delicious? Smooth, caramelly espresso; not at all the like the bitter over roasted crud at a certain worldwide coffee tyrant. I also highly dig that they worked the tax into all of their prices, so when I buy an Americano for $2.50, it's really $2.50. One more thing: enjoy the pastries here. They are as good as any coffeehouse I've visited.
4	This place defiently projects the "everybody is welcome here" vibe.  You walk in and the place is always packed with every kind of person imaginable.Every Friday we meet up with friends for our weekly coffee date here and I couldn't think of a better place.Try the mocha... hot or iced.  And make sure and get whip AT LEAST ONCE, delicious and home made!The only negative... when it is packed it gets a little crowded and backed with people waiting for their coffee from the barista.
5	Okay, so I realize that there are already several reviews on Lux out there and they are all generally great.... but now it is my turn! I have been going to Lux consistently for the last year. Unless I am out of town or sick I can be found there on a weekly basis. I live in Old Town Scottsdale and I literally drive completely out of my way to indulge in the deliciousness that is Lux!From the wonderful coffee to the mouthwatering quiche that insists on haunting my dreams, I just cannot get enough!  It is hands down the best coffee I have ever had in the Valley.  Aside from the quality of their food and coffee drinks the staff is nothing short of amazing. Make sure that when you arrive you give Jency, Eric, Noel and Jeff some serious love - for they are coffee Gods!There is nothing more refreshing on a stressful day for me than stopping in my favorite coffee shop, getting my usual iced caramel latte with whip and a slice of veggie quiche, sitting on a comfy couch, people watching, and listening to the great music. I love that this spot is not overly hipster or "too cool for school." I highly recommend driving past the Starbucks of the world and trying Lux. Support your local businesses - it is oh so important.
5	I am a sucker for fresh & local. Lux Coffeebar is certainly both. They roast their own coffee and bake their own goods, all of which are excellent. The staff are genuine and friendly, not salesy. They want you to have a good experience and come back. The art on the walls rotates frequently. They play good music, though at times it's a little loud for conversation if you're sitting inside. They have shaded outdoor seating with misters to help you stay cool during the summer heat. And they provide free wifi. This is an excellent spot. My favorite passtime: ordering a latte so I can watch the barrista pour me some art on top.
4	What can I say that hasn't already been said? Lux is a breath of fresh air in a city cluttered with boring chain coffee joints. From the modern, eclectic aesthetics to the masterfully prepared drinks (including the yummy homemade, scoop-able whipped cream!) and the laid-back staff, Lux is always a treat. A life-long Phoenician, I've always had the "stay away from strangers" mentality. When I first went to Lux I was dismayed that even at a "slow" time I was forced to sit either on the same couch or at the same table as a stranger. Now I have assimilated to the environment that provides ample opportunity to easily strike up a conversation with fellow Lux-goers. Thank you Lux for melting this cold-stranger-averse exterior! The only reason I cannot give Lux 5 stars is the lack of outdoor comforts. The picnic-style tables stand in stark contrast to the comfortable seats and atmosphere found indoors. On a beautiful spring/fall night (which I can only dream of at this time of year), I want to sit outdoors in comfortable seats, with a good cup of coffee and enjoy great conversation. Work with me Lux! In summation, if you like great coffee (or yummy baked goods!) and a fun, energetic atmosphere, Lux is the place for you. :)
5	Great atmosphere for just hanging out to read a book or even get some work done. Staff is always friendly and the coffee fresh. Yes, they even have free wifi
4	Lux is a place of enigmatic qualities: hip yet welcoming crowd, industrial yet warm decor, crowded yet cozy atmosphere, busy yet relaxing. Tying these together, however, is its straight up authenticity, top quality coffee and baked goods, and friendly service.Whether you go for your morning jolt, after lunch desert (esp after a  visit to Pane Bianco next door), afternoon work session, or evening meet-up, Lux always welcomes.Perhaps my favorite part of Lux is it's patio -- one of the best in town, complete with shade and misters in the summer, and , making it a great place to watch Central Ave roll past you.
4	deeeeeeeelicious coffee.  lux taught me the difference between good coffee and great coffee, and for this i am eternally grateful.this is definitely the best coffeeshop amongst the many that orbit downtown to get some solo work done.  the furniture isn't really set up in a way that's conducive to conversation, and i've never seen strangers meet here.for that reason, it's not really a good place to have a work meeting, for example - the tables and couches are almost always occupied enough that you can't gather more than two or three people without being separated.this changes when the weather isn't blistering - they have a great patio with more group seating.
4	Upside: nice-looking contemporary space, great drinks and pastries, reasonable prices, not Starbucks, healthy buzz of conversation, free Wi-FiDownside: very hard to tell what it is from the outside and get there accurately for first-timers. (If coming from north on Central, you'll flip a U at Campbell after light rail station, then) turn right on Turney for parking lot.
3	I hate to say it but I'm not all that impressed.I do love the decor. I'm a huge fan of the mismatched look. It's very relaxing and has that home feel to me. There are plenty of spaces to sit down and plug in your laptop to get some work done too, which is a bonus. The coffee is pretty good. Not my favorite mocha in phoenix, but not bad. Probably my 3rd favorite if I had to give it a guess. However, the place is always extremely packed and loud which isn't my preferred coffee environment. I look for more of a relaxing place where I don't have to squeeze into a chair, as I'm usually there to not only enjoy a delicious beverage but to crank out some work. Another element I look for is the friendliness of the staff. While they were not rude and were pretty quick with service, I think it's just too crowded there to have that connection and conversation that I like to have. I was sad I missed that the times I have been there.
4	Lux is a great place to have a cup of Java and work on your lap top. Centrally located, right off the light rail, Lux is a great location. It is always happening. Lux is funky and inviting. The walls are feature ecclectic artwork and the music is great.
5	This is a great place to meet up with friends and just chill out, especially in nicer weather! The staff is always friendly, and the outside patio is awesome to watch people and also check out Central Avenue- which always holds some fun entertainment!
5	**UPDATE**  This is my most favorite coffee shop to spend a lot of time in.  Since the big remodel, it is even better than before!  They do serve alcohol and their menu looks pretty delicious.  If you are looking to set up your laptop and study, or get some work done, this is the place to go.So many coffee shops, so little time!  Finally made it to Lux and I was not disappointed!  I wasn't there to connect to wi-fi but if I had been well this is the place to go.  However I was there to meet a large group of people (enter shameless plug for said group here...Indie Music Meetup group) and I must say the outdoor seating was great.  Big picnic tables and benches ample enough to squeeze in all 12 of us.  Granted it is hot and humid this time of year and sure that wasn't great but that is no fault of Lux!  Upon entering inside I realized it is a pretty hip joint and by that I mean all the local hipsters hang there.  But all in all it was a good mix of people working on their laptops right down to our group of indie music fanatics.  Time to order some coffee and a snack; seeing as how it was later in the evening I ordered a iced decaf soy vanilla latte and a strawberry corn muffin.  I had ordered one of the muffins that didn't sell too many that day and since they don't like to throw things out I got another for free, can't beat that!  Well, if velvet had a taste I'm pretty sure that it would taste like the coffee I drank.  I am generally leery to try decaf as it never quite seems to taste the same or a lot of places don't put much thought in to decaf since "who orders coffee without the caffeine?"  I love coffee, especially GOOD coffee and I will take the decaf as long as it is as delicious as the leaded version.  Lux nailed it for me and I will be back no doubt!!  I can't wait to try something else....maybe just a simple cup of coffee with cream.
3	I hadn't been here in awhile but found myself on a Sunday night desperately searching for a coffeehouse for a guest on a layover from the airport.  Lux is open till 10 pm SUNDAYS!  hooray!  Iced mocha and baked goods get two thumbs up.  Indoor seating is comfy but the seating areas seem really crammed together.  Seems a bit claustrophobic with so much furniture in there but perhaps it's due to the summer heat.  All in all a nice place to spend a sunday eve.  Thanks Lux!
5	Lux!  What a place!  Their coffee drinks are addictive and rapturously good. From their coffee to their chai teas to their lemonade. Don't even get me started on their baked goods!  The pastries are masterpieces and consistently delicious. The staff are friendly and invested in every customer who walks into the place.   The live DJ cannot be beat!  Finding a spot to lounge can get tricky at times because it does get crowded but one can't blame others for wanting to be there to enjoy the coffee, food and ambiance.
4	Lux on a Friday night is just as busy as any neighborhood bar might be.  Instead, you have a wonderful warm beverage alternative to your glass bottled brew.  Lux serves iced beverages too, but let's face it: coffee is best served hot.  I sampled the ice mocha, per recommendation of a friend who's been frequenting the joint for some time.  Amazing!  I did feel a little crampy afterwards, but that could simply be because I don't usually drink dairy products.  The Rice Krispie treat was really tasty, but those are hard to screw up.  :)   The place was packed with some cool-looking people.  Everyone seems to keep to themselves as they work on their respective laptops.  In fact, some people even shared tables yet remained fixated on their own computers.  Really this place has a great vibe, and it made me feel like I was back in Europe.  I'd like to see soy or rice milk on the menu.  Otherwise, great coffee joint!
5	Best coffee in town. Now just try and get a place to sit.
5	This is my favorite coffee place in Phoenix. Its nice to finally get my coffee in a real coffee cup and saucer, not in a paper cup. To top of the amazing white chocolate mocha, they have homemade whip-cream that is to DIE for! The workers are nice, the atmosphere is great, and the crowd is fun. My band did an acoustic set there one night which was really nice. I love local music at a coffee joint. Nothing wrong with this establishment in my book!
4	I don't go in enough for the morning barista to know my name, but she always phrases it as, "I'm sorry, I should know this, what is your name again?" and I find that charming.  The homemade whipped cream is almost impossible to resist - and if you're going to do that then you might as well have it be resting upon a large Velvet Mocha - one of the best coffee drinks in Phoenix.  I feel like I should bring my Powerbook every time I come here - and I even find myself counting how many non-mac users dare to crack open their cases.  Still, it's a fun little cafe with friendly staff and fabulous hot beverages. Bring an out of town SF or NY hipster who refuses to believe there is ANY culture in Phoenix.
4	Okay Lux, I can move you up a star. I'm still not a fan that most of the time it's hard to find a seat and have it be quiet enough to focus on anything. Additionally, I am sad that my favorite shoe chair that was an important part of an evening I had with Tony A. seems to no longer be there.However, when I came back this past Saturday for a velvet with your homemade whipped cream, you truly delivered. It was the perfect temperature and a million times better than the last one I remembered. Bravo. Now move closer to my house and we'll be all set.
3	It is nice market, offering unique items and the coffee is fairly solid.  Nice place to relax but the breakfast is forgettable.
2	i can see why this place is popular. it's definitely hip and in a cool location. their coffee and their service have only been mediocre in my experiences, however. bitter shots and huge bubbles in the milk. even though the place is well known, you can probably find better quality and less of a pretentious atmosphere elsewhere.
5	I'm sure many are lux coffeebar converts and fans... but I've just recently discovered this little gem. I haven't tried many of the food selections but the lattes are to die for, the music is awesome, the ambiance is delightful and the barristas are eye candy! what more can a girl ask for??
5	Having lived in Portland for years, I consider myself to be a bit of a coffee snob. I have a very distinct opinion of what a coffee house should be! This is it! Quality Coffee Free WiFiDrinks offered in real dishes not just to go cupsComfy seating as well and great work spacesYummy baked goods***extra points for fresh organic fruit being offered***While I'm not a regular here this is clearly the spot of the neighborhood locals. The staff is super friendly and remembers all of the repeats by name. When I'm back in Phoenix I always try to stop by Lux!
5	I have moved around the country quite a bit in the last three years from Seattle to Hawaii - Michigan and back to Seattle again. Everywhere I go I look for that special place that doesn't scream St#+%%cks and yet delivers great coffee with outstanding service. Here are my findings so far: Maui - Honolulu Coffee Co. Ann Arbor - The Common Cup, Ypsilanti - The Ugly Mug, Bellingham, WA - The Black Drop, Lettered Streets, Firehouse, and Tony's Coffee, Seattle (So Far) - Vivace Espresso and now in Phoenix - Lux Coffee Bar.Upon entering the coffee bar you greeted with a smooth ultra urban vibe that is not pretentious, arrogant, nor fake. The service is outstanding, the bakery/deli products are amazing and delicious. The beans are hand roasted in the 'Employee Lounge' and are made into the perfect caramel shots poured into the perfectly stretched milk from a very talented barista. I know the LUX doesn't need one more review, but I must say that the cool vibe, the fantastic coffee, and the great spaces make for a coffee shop that I might just book a flight to Phoenix from Seattle to visit. LUX has it dialed in...trust me!
2	Cute place with a nice vibe but littered with want-to-be homeless pretenticons.  Lots of seats open but this troll is using it for his laptop bag or ratty jacket. Kind of like a small version of the Seattle airport terminal. Hey, he's paid his $1.75 for an Italian soda, he got a right to loaf across the sofa for a couple if hours to read Kafka. I'll give them credit for not going to Starbucks but they probably tried and the furniture was too hard.  If it were in a real city it would be regular, because it's near this lifeless cluster of buildings called "downtown" it appears to be avant-garde.  Great music and great coffee.  Clientelle, not so much. Will try again to compare notes.
4	Great food, great atmosphere, great music.  I really like this place and I don't even drink coffee...
4	I ordered a latte - which was delicious albeit a bit pricey. The barrista made a fun pattern in the latte with the cream though, so I suppose that's where the extra cost comes in.Great atmosphere, but the music was a little loud for conversation.
4	Great place to sit with your laptop and drink coffee.I luv Lux Coffeebar!  I would walk to this fabulous shop at least 3 times a week.  Its a great place to meet friends for coffee or to sit on the sofa with your laptop.  Awesome atmosphere.  I could sit there for hours listening to the music.  They offer an assortment of delicious baked goods.  On the plus side Pane Bianco is right next door.  Best place to grab a sandwich.
5	What a lovely way to spend the first Saturday of the decade...sitting sipping succulent saucers of sugary non-soda sustanance while staring silently at the sills saturated in satin stained suggestions. Still stalking the scenario, suddenly it seems our shouting shook a local without solicitation to solve our sight-seeing saga!  Sensational. And the coffee and company are good too.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite spots to spend a lazy Saturday or Sunday afternoon. And especially it's right next to Pane Bianco!Lux has a very cozy deco, nice atmosphere, regular tables for who come with laptops, and comfy couches for who just want to relax and enjoy the day. And did I mention free Wi-Fi?! I enjoy my coffee to the strong side, and Lux definitely brings that natural flavor to every single cup. I always order the Hazelnut Latte (hot), it's my fav! The presentation is very pretty , just like the picture, the barista always draws the leave pattern with the form. The coffee taste is very bold, with a light hazelnut flavor, delicious! (if you're comparing the sweetness level with Starbucks, this is no where close to that sweet!)
5	I know this place has a rep for being a sort of hipster hangout, and it is, but the folks are friendly, helpful, and the coffee is outstanding. I had a problem connecting to WiFi but other than that, I'm in love.
5	I haven't reviewed Lux yet, because so many of you have already got after it.  But the time has come and I must make my comment.There isn't much to say.  Lux simply makes the best coffee in Phoenix.  I dare someone to challenge me on this fact.  It's a Saturday morning, and I have some work to do, but don't feel like staying home or heading into the office, you will find me sipping a great cup of joe and snipping some FREE WIFI!!The only issue I have is this has become such a hot spot for everyone.  Why can't people keep secrets??????
5	I pretty much have no clue why anyone could give LUX anything but a 4 or a 5 star review. I guess we could just chalk them up to someone who must have been having an all around bad day that day, I forgive them. LUX is awesome because it's not your run of the mill coffee shop, with everyone behind the counter talking in half crazy coffee tongue that no one understand, yelling across the building "JOHN!!!" "EMILY!!!!", and all look like a corporate machine in their matchy matchy green aprons. The first thing you notice when you walk in is the amazing smell, they roast their own coffee right there in the shop and it fills the air with sweetest smell, Love it! Yes, some people have a problem with "all the furniture" inside. But seriously, if you cant handle being close to other people, maybe interacting beyond your laptop, and possibly meeting some cool people then no, this place isn't for you. Go ahead and take your butt to Starbucks where you can not be bothered, and you are calling me snobby and pretentious? B**** please, get over yourself! The winter is my favorite time to frequent LUX! Beyond their amazing caramel latte (with the cutest little foam designs on top) they have some of the best pastries and yummy treats. Last year they had the best cranbarry-barry crumble thing, I about died and went to heaven, so good! They also feature artist from the valley on their walls. It's kind of like a gallery at times, because you can buy the art too. There are some pretty interesting things up at times. LUX is great! You must check it out. If there is a long line don't let it scare you, unlike some other coffee places (caugh-Starbucks-caugh), they move with a quickness and you never have to wait to long.
4	I just had the best mocha in my life! Great location off the light rail near Campbell. Unfortunately my first visit was during finals week and the place was swamped. I waited 10 min for my mocha and then found that no one knew of my order. But they responded well and quickly brought it right out to where I was sitting.
1	This is where pseudo hippies and eco yuppies cluster to drink coffee and cultivate awareness.
5	I was looking for a neighborhood joint that wasn't a chain and I found one with Lux.  It's a neighborhood coffee in the truest sense. You've got all your regular characters - dude who looks like Jesus, hippie chick in her cool hippie skirt, aspiring artists (one overweight hipster even wearing a beret), couples pulling up on bicycles, old guys reading the paper. Truly local people with a sense of silent comaraderie - you just KNOW not to be yapping on your cell in there.You can feel comfortable and feel like you can disappear for a few hours.  Good, solid espresso drinks, free WiFi.  If you live in the area, you should definitely be a patron and support this local spot (as opposed to Starbucks down the street on Lola up the street).  I dig it.
5	Today I decided to take a little light rail adventure, with Lux as the end goal.  I was very happy when I got here to find plenty of comfy seating and a menu with many different options.  I decided on the hot apple cider, topped with whipped cream. It blew my socks off.  I then settled myself in to a supercomfy chair on the wall and spent a while reading and people watching and generally enjoying my surroundings.  Everyone at this place was giving off good vibes, and I had a fantastic relaxing afternoon.  I will be making this trip more often.
4	I like come to Lux  and pretend study. I've graduated college already but I like to come here and pretend like I'm doing something important while I sip on some coffee, check my Facebook account, check how many cool votes I got on Yelp and check the movie times using their free wi-fi. The place gets packed on the weekend so be prepared to have to scope the room out for an empty spot at the table or wait for someone to finish. I never usually have to wait very long.The staff here is super helpful. If you don't see something on the menu, just let them know what you normally drink and they can make it for you. The selection of treats are amazing. Cherry oatmeal bars, snickerdoodles and diner cake. If the coffee doesn't get you wired, the sugar might. Its fairly quiet and has some music on but I usually just bring earplugs so I can secretly listen to Britney Spears. No one has to know about that. The guys who frequent this place are pretty cute, except their usually gay. Oh well... a girl can dream, can't she?!
4	I've heard about this place before via other Yelpers, but have never really thought about coming down here to check the place out.  After having a wonderful lunch with a girlfriend of mine, we decided to come check this place out.I probably would have never found this place by myself.  its in a little yellow brick building, and I didnt see any signage.  I pulled into the parking lot, parked the car and went inside.  The place was packed!  Its small, and it was wall to wall people. Some on computers, some just hanging out, others were sitting outside socializing amoungst themselves.  There was really no where to sit!  I guess thats a good sign!  :-)Anyways, from what I could see, the place was nicely decorated.  Went to the counter and placed an order for a cafe ole, and the girl kind of looked at me funny.  I guess she didnt know what that was?  (its half coffee, half steamed milk, FYI.)  A girl behind her told me that they make it different here, or whateves.  ugh, so I ended up with a slightly different drink then I had anticipated.  Slightly dissapointing!Anyways, I dont know that I will be back anytime soon.  Why? Because this place was to small, to crowded and I would have no place to sit and and enjoy myself.  I know, I know, dissapointing, but for as sheik and as cool as this place is, I usually come in tow with my computer, or at least the intention of spending a while (like an hour) here doing something.
3	02.06.10Is this where all the cool college kids hang out with their shades and their laptops to people-watch?If not, it should be.Iced coffee gets the job done.The restroom stocks fancy products!
1	Their coffee isnt entirely convincing, the place is more style than substance (and flavor for that matter). The place isnt big enough and unfortunately I stopped going to this place because it seems to me, given my different experiences at this place, that minorities arent welcome here given the treatment of some of its staff and patrons. Unfortunately, at such time we didnt have any other alternative but Starbucks, until Lola's Coffee opened and welcomed us with open arms. Glad to say I have never looked back. But putting their demeanor aside, their coffee isnt the best for the exorbitant prices you pay.
5	Drifting away from the corporate "Big Dogs" of the coffee world can sometimes seem challenging. After only three visits to Lux, I have found my anti-drug (or should I say anti-coporate coffee shop). It's true that I have only tried a few things from this small establishment, but when every single one so far has been a success, why wouldn't I continue to venture 35 minutes out of my way to get a good cup of joe? I love almost everything about this place; the atmosphere is so cozy, artsy, and seems to be an awesome workplace for college students. The coffee drinks that I have tried have all been fantastic, but most of all I LOVE their whipped cream. My one complaint about this simple, yet wonderful establishment is the parking lot. I almost died trying to get out of their the last time I went, although I guess that could be more of a reflection on my driving rather than the parking lot shape/location.
4	There aren't many places where you can get a pot of loose-leaf tea all to yourself. There also aren't many places that make their own (delicious!) chai. The baked goods are tasty, the coffee is roasted on-sight and has an irresistible aroma that permeates the whole place. One of the best things is that it's next to Pane Bianco, too! Only 4 stars because the staff are often too cool for school, and often too cool to give a crap about good service.
4	Lux probably makes the best coffee in Phoenix. Orange mocha frapachino SUV cup holder coolers are in huge demand in the Phoenix area and I don't blame anyone for truing to cash in on that but it's not coffee. I'm very skeptical of locally owned coffee shops who try to go tow to toe with the big dogs and serve up every kind of chi, matte, blender made liquid imaginable. Lux has been good about sticking to a small menu and doing it well. New Batista's are quickly up to snuff. I like the clean modern sixties Scottsdale feel. second owner seemed to have brought in a neighborhood crowd that gets a little territorial with the place with their children and laptops. Lux should really turn off the wi-fi during peak hours and keep the place from looking like a home office. PS, it scares away new customers.If you are looking for a place to sit with your laptop that also has good coffee check out Copper Star down the street.
4	Upon entering this coffee shop immediately your senses are awakened to the smell of the many varieties of fresh ground coffee, your ear drums dance to the sounds provided by a techno DJ with a mixer linked to his laptop and large LCD display mounted over the coffee bar.  Take a look at the walls and let your eyes be guided by the abstract paintings, continue your scan as you find yourself among a unique culture of coffee drinkers interacting with their Apple human interface device.  After allowing my senses to take it all in I carefully sip the hot, steaming, light brewed coffee, "Black".
4	I had never heard of this place, and honesty, rarely venture West of 7th St.  However, we were having a centrally located, queer friendly group meeting, and Lux was suggested.I was pleasantly surprised. There seems to be a dearth of cool, laid back, not-too-hipster indie coffee bars in Phoenix, but luckily, there is Lux.  With delicious baked goods (I had a date scone...I don't really even LIKE dates, but the scone was delicious!) including cupcakes and handmade drinks (and you can choose disposable to-go cups or earth-saving ceramic -- love it!), it's adorable. All of it, not just the adorable woman working the register.We wound up sitting outside, but there was a good deal of room inside too, where people of all backgrounds were busy working away on their macs, with a scattered PC here and there.Parking was plentiful, something I'm always on the lookout for, and while I did have to wait in line to order, it moved quickly.I look forward to checking out the Lux a little bit more.  I bumped off a star because my chai was only so-so, but will be back to try cupcakes and a different hot drink
4	Lux Coffee is a good cup of joe and even better place for creatives to run into each other.
5	Favorite coffee house in the country. Environment is the best I've ever experienced, and the drinks are great. Music is phenomenal and they regularly rotate local art throughout the shop. Great hours and lots of art/design mags around to browse through.
4	The drinks here are great, and the baked goods are even better. There is a nice ambience about the place, lots of nice furniture. I love how the baristas make the lattes and cappucino's beautiful. The owner, Jeff, is also a great guy who's around quite a bit. The only criticism that I have of it is that the place is small and if you're coming out on the weekends, you need to get there before 8:30 AM otherwise there will be no place to sit.
5	Oh yea.  Talk about a coffee house with personality.  Lux is delux!  I love the furniture.  I think came from second hand shops and are 1950's and 60's originals.   Love the DJ in the back. Love the baristas.  Watching them is like watching an artist at work.  Fluid motions tap the doser, fill the portafilter just right, tamp and connect to the, from what I've heard, custom made hand-pump espresso machine, to make the most ethereal coffee experience.  This is not your average joe and you have to be ready for it.  I loved the mix of people sitting at the tables, hanging with their MacBooks and enjoying the morning.  Very eclectic group of people.  Great place to sit and people watch for sure.  Bought a pound of their custom roasted, organic coffee.  Was kind of annoyed I didn't say I wanted the espresso roast, but when got back home, boy was i in for a wonderful surprise.  Even their regular roast coffee is an experience.  I asked them to move to Salt Lake.  They said they would.  Can't wait!
5	You should not drink the awesome coffee at Lux. There are already a LOT of people doing that, and some days it is REALLY crowded. So, you know, feel free to steer clear. I know the baristas are top notch, in every way! From pulling the perfect shot all the way down to making the cool foam flowers on top of the lattes and all; they can't be beat. They even have about a million Republic of Teas for the coffee-free folks. And yes, the pastries and cakes and cookies are all made lovingly onsite every day... I really get why you would *want*  to spend every morning here.Granted, the fact that the owner, Jeff, makes an effort to learn the names of all his customers is really awesome. He and his staff  are friendly and the interplay between the employees and the regulars instill this really warm and fuzzy sense of belonging in everyone who hangs out there. I could see how that might make you want to come by and sip a cuppa. And I understand that the intriguing art work and comfy couches make it a very inviting place to hang out... what with all the outlets everywhere and two wireless networks. It really is a great place to get some work done, network (if that's your thing), or just sit and rap with a cool stranger. But you probably should stay away. One cup and you're going to be hooked for good. Then where will I sit?
2	this place was a horrible experience all the way from the customer service to the coffee. i went here about 3 weeks ago with two of my friends who also were first time customer's, im not sure where to begin, its small, crowded, with uncomfortable furniture. all 3 of us got something different, my coffee was nothing but a cup of iced milk with sugar on top, and my 2 friends cups tasted like burnt coffee beans, yuk, when we waited in line for about 15min and reached the counter we had no greeting from the woman behind the couter with the fake english accent, she just said "what do you want?" i asked what their most popular drink was and she sighed as if i was an inconvience...wow.... we barly paid and got the drinks then noticed the awful taste... i walked back to the counter to ask if this was the correct drink and that it didnt taste like there was any flavor or coffee, instead of apologizing and re-making me a new one the woman responded "thats the way we make it"    again wow... so at that point we threw are full cups in the trash and walked out, never again will i back - i recently found out lux was owned by someon else previously and then the owner sold it to open a coffee bar and resturant called "lola's" -- im sure its was 10x better when the prevously owner had it because i just went to lola's 3 days ago and let me tell you the best coffee and the best service i was looking for, so if you don't like lux go to lola's ...... lux rhymes with sux
3	The coffee and chai are delightful; and the friendly service just enhances the experience.  Unfortunately - The crowded atmosphere makes it difficult to find seating during peak hours. Additionally, early morning (7:30AM), on Sunday morning, I dropped by for coffee and they had a DJ; I found it much to loud for the small space, especially early in the morning.
4	I went to Lux for a change of studying atmosphere the other evening.  I was lucky enough to find a seat at a table to get down to business.  This is my second visit to Lux and both times I truly enjoyed the pastry I treated myself to and my coffee.  My soy latte was perfect.  The staff is friendly and the crowd is diverse.  I enjoyed the music and atmosphere.  Lux always seems to be a busy spot and I can see why.  While everyone seems to love Lux, I'm not in love with it, but then again, I'm very picky.  ;)
2	This place is one of the best Coffeebars in Phoenix. But if you can't get your flip'n internet to work any better, I'll continue to look.
5	I`m becoming addicted to this coffeehouse! Been a longtime supporter of local places such as Coffee Plantation and Hava Java, as to Starbucks which I am tired of. Being in Lux five times now, love the locally roasted coffee!! Smooth and velvety and full of flavor!  Like the eclectic atmosphere of people, art, music (they have a live dj on Sundays) and the coffee of course! Also they have a variety of scrumptious pastries, scones and muffins!  And free wi-fi another plus! They have sofas, chairs and plenty of table spaces to plug in laptops. And great service from these peeps! Very addictive indeed!!
5	After two years now, they've really done a great job at keeping the more annoying music off the playlist... or maybe some jaded hipster finally quit. Either way, I like hanging out there now instead of just getting stuff to go.
4	The coffee here is honestly unbelievable.  Hands down the best coffee in the valley.  Lux would easily get 5 stars from me *if* they made a couple of simple additions.  1) a vegan pastry option.  I am not asking for 30 options, but a cookie would be nice!  and 2) another "creamer" option other than soy.  I like when places offer hemp, almond, or rice milk.  I just think its a nice option because some people have soy allergies/aversions.  Lux has the best coffee house atmosphere in the city.  Not snobby, but also not infiltrated by gutter punks.
2	My wife goes here ever chance she get, but I refuse to go with her. Coffee deserves 5 stars but the chick behind the counter is so rude. I refuse to spend money at a place that lets it indie hipster staff treat regular Joe's like my self rudely.
5	Lux serves the best espresso in Phoenix.  The service has always been good and they even have Pane Bianco (an amazing sandwich shop) next door if you are there around lunch time.I recently moved back to Phoenix after spending a couple years in Oregon and going to Lux was one of the first things I wanted to do (in addition to getting some decent Mexican food).  I am looking forward to many more visits in the immediate future.
2	Great decor, cool vibe, but my first visit ended up with a poor macchiato. A little light on the foam and grounds - yes grounds - in the cup. I really wanted to like it since I had heard great things, but that's a pretty bad gaffe. I'm hoping I just caught them on a bad night so I might try them again when I'm in the area.
5	Well thought-through details make Lux amazeballs. The espresso is good. Really good. Like, I need to order an espresso along with whatever else I'm ordering just because it is so delicious. The food is beautifully presented (little light on the gluten free snacks, but there's fruit, so no one is starving). There's plugs all over.The furniture is mostly easy to wipe down.The bathroom door has written out instructions so no one is confused on when the door is locked. It also has nice smelling soap. The patio is really pretty.The clientele seems ridiculously cool. I kind of feel like maybe I'm going to be cooler by association if I hang out here. I'M GIVING IT A GO. Let me know how I'm doing.
5	I don't drink coffee but LUX can made me stop by several times.It is because of their delicious desserts.Starting from carrot cupcake, cookies, turtle brownie, pecan pie bar and much more. It is never ending. I can keep going back there and try new treat every week.
5	What do you say about a place that is almost universally loved?What else can you do but heap more praise onto it, at the risk of seeming sycophantic ?Lux is certainly amongst the best of the best, for coffee in all of the greater phoenix metropolitan area. In all five areas of criterion:~Taste: * * * * * the coffee brewed and sold here is perfect, the confections and baked goods are simply wonderful.~Decor: * * * * * note the striking array of chairs and seating, along w/ additional patio seating make for optimal outside and inside digs~Pricing: * * * * * nothing here is expensive, and considering the quality of the product sold, very economical~Service: * * * * * the barristas are helpful, friendly and good natured, perfectly willing to explain the menu and offer tips advice, please tip them!~Ambience: * * * * * this ties in w/ decor but is meant to be more along the lines of "scene" and the players in that scene. the folks who frequent Lux are my kinda folks (not as much as conspire but close) young, professional, hip, artsy, intelligent, down town people who know good coffee when they see/smell/taste itSo hoped that helped for the fence sitters, if for some reason you were perched precariously upon the fence to beging with.
5	Ok...if this place was in NYC, I would literally walk MILES to get to it every single day. It's THAT good. I'm not even anywhere near Lux when I do stay in Phx, but I make the 20-something mile drive out there just to enjoy their iced lattes. The prices are right in line with what I'm used to in NYC, but I suppose some in AZ might get sticker shock. It's SOOO worth the price though! I always order their iced soy latte with just half a packet of sweet n low, with whipped cream on top ($4.25), and HOLY CRAP, best thing ever. No idea how they do it. The whipped cream here is prooooobably the best thing I've ever tasted, like, ever. I can't rave about it enough. But when you put it on top of a perfectly sweetened, creamy, icy, doesn't-even-really-taste-like-coffee beverage, it's heaven. I asked the staff how they make their espresso so damn good, and they said they don't do anything different; they say it's most likely the roasting machines that have been "seasoned" with so much use that makes it so good. Also-pastries are great, never had a bad one. The cookies are soft and chewy and yummy! Love the vibe of this place too, very loungy and laid back, with lots of people working on their laptops. i almost always combine a trip here with one to Pane Bianco, and you're allowed to eat your sandwich inside Lux which is awesome. I'm not sure if they force you to buy something from them to eat in there, but I can't resist either way and always end up buying something anyway. If you live anywhere NEAR Lux, you need to get your butt over there and try their whipped cream and espresso ASAP!
5	Totally worth the drive from Scottsdale. The food is delicious, and is not pre-packaged, such a nice change for a coffee joint. Support local business, Starbucks has nothing on Lux; other than a million locations. Keeping the service consistent would help. Sometimes it's stellar sometimes it's horrid. Guess it depends on how their day is going. Still was in 3 times today #shameless
5	This is now my favorite place to get coffee in the Phoenix area. The brew tastes great and is fairly priced. A large latte is 4 bucks. The best part about this place is the atmosphere. There are a lot of 20 somethings that regular here with their iBooks and headphones, but there are still just as many people socializing. It is crowded, but with lots of good seating. There is an area with great comfy chairs and leather couches. There are also ample tables to keep your laptop on. The walls are littered with interesting local, contemporary art. Half the time I'm here I take my headphones off because I enjoy the music they play so much. They even have a pitcher of free lemon ice water. :)
5	Fantastic coffee.  TFG, I was beginning to worry that there was absolutely no coffee culture here in the valley.
5	Awesome music, super friendly Barista's, delicious treats, yummy satisfying beverages, friendly regulars, and plenty of room (when you consider the picnic tables outside as well - nice weather and sunlight permitting)! The best in-house-made chai and whipped cream i've probably ever had. I also love those lucky evenings when i go in & there is someone baking deliciousness that fills the place up with enticing aromas.P.S. I'm definitely one of those people who will come to Lux to study or do homework for 3 sometimes 4 hours... for those of you who complain about customers like myself, maybe you should consider that we may spend about $20 a week there and are valuable customers to Lux - just like you are. If my books are over crowding where a chair is and you would like to sit there, please just ask. I'd be happy to make room for others and share space.
2	Lux has become too overly crowded and their music is too loud that I can't even hear myself think. Half the time I feel like I have walked into a  music concert . Oh! wait it's a coffee bar?!  And I had to squuueeeze myself to the back hallway to get to the bathroom.
4	coffee is really good but it is packed- hard to find a place to sit, unless you go outside. Nice pastries.
5	Simply the hippest most fabulous coffee joint in Phoenix!  Jeff (the owner) is Passionate about his coffee (roasted fresh from raw beans every day - you can even watch them roast through the glass door in the back) and Katie (a truly gifted pastry chef) is equally as passionate about all the home-made (on-premises) pastries and delectables.   If you haven't been, you will all thank me!
5	I met the Pastry Chef (Katie) @ anthropolgie casually talking about  dainty dishes wich lead into conversations about Lux and after hearing about it  I had to try it.  The coffee was FAB!  The cake we had and Pie  Was fantastic *****five stars!  Next time I visit Arizona I am making it one of my destinations for that perfect pastry and coffee combo!  Katie if you ever go anywhere else let me know I will Follow!  Come to Texas!  LOL
4	I dug my latest experience here Friday night. I hadn't been by in a few years but Lola coffee had locked their doors at 8:30pm (wtf???), so lucky for me, Lux is right down the street. It wasn't too busy although there was a very steady stream of people in and out. I had a small, non-fat sugar free vanilla latte ($4) and picked up a homemade, oatmeal creme sandwich for $3. Pluses: I love the msmatched, kind-of random decor that makes you feel very comfortable. Free WiFi, and a wide variety of baked goods. I can ALWAYS be sold on baked goods. This might be a weird plus, but I was totally loving their ice water with fresh oranges inside. I am probably the only person that never had this before, but who cares, I loved it. Totally refreshing on a hot AZ night. Neutral: The employees weren't exactly friendly but weren't rude, either...just kind of indifferent. Hmmm, correct that, they were very friendly with the regulars but I sort-of felt unwelcome at first but I quickly got over that. Negatives: The music is too loud. Maybe that was intentional towards the end of the night but I was having an extremely difficult time focusing on what I was studying. Don't get me wrong, I loved the music but it was a bit much. Okay, alot much. Bottom line, this is still a great little local coffee shop and I might be stopping here instead of Lola next time...
4	My friend and I decided to grab some coffee at this place after finishing lunch next door at Pane Bianco. It was pretty crowded and everyone seemed really into whatever they were doing on their Macs. I got an iced coffee with half and half and was pleasantly surprised with how fresh the coffee tasted. We ended up finding a cozy spot inside and our quick coffee run turned into almost  4hrs of "working" and talking. I can see how people can spend the entire day at this place!
3	I have been here some 3-4 times now...The coffee is very gud though the place just seems too crowded nowadays...Its always a full house so if you are ther on a sat/sun evening you wont find a place inside...I wish it were a bit quieter and less packed as it is now so that one could enjoy the coffee better...
4	Fantastic Espresso here.  You can certainly taste how fresh it is.  Aside from the coffee though, the place appears to be over run with "I'm too cool for school" hipsters, tattoos and nose piercings to boot.  I can handle a few dirty pretentious hipsters here and there, but not sure if I need a joint full of 100 of them.  Will be back for the java, but will probably get it to go.
5	Dear Seattle Supersonics and Howard Schultz,I have forsaken Starbucks coffee since moving to AZ.  For one thing, Mr. Schultz, you suck (for selling the Sonics and for making a Grande latte $4.50).I have moved on.  I am now--not so secretly--in love with Lux.  I get a "medium", otherwise known as grande to you, for $2.75 AND......ANDDDDD.......and my barista free pours the vanilla syrup.  I mean, it also tastes orgasmic, the coffee, that is.  By the way, I think their pastries are homemade.  Either way, their pastries are a DELIGHT!!  I always get the mixed berry corn bread muffin ($2.75) to go with my latte.  Sincerely, A serious coffee addictOn a more serious note, they have outside seating with misters when the weather is scorching hot.  Since it's fall, the weather's been a lot nicer and this is a great hang out spot. They have their own parking and accept all major credit cards.  Their baristas are friendly and remember your name. This is a great place to get coffee and breakfast. No, they are not a franchise so you may have to drive a ways if you don't live in central phx...but hey, this is what makes their coffee affordable, orgasmic and worthwhile.  You should try them...at least once.
5	I love this place! Since the first time I walked into this deliciously urban coffeehouse, I have been greeted by name by Jeff, and his awesome staff. Last Tuesday, I stopped in to get snacks for a Birthday Brunch at the office at like 6:30 am. I purchased an entire quiche, just out of the oven and it was the hit of the party as this quiche was ridiculously FABULOUS!!  Just say yes to this place!
5	Black n white latte and peanut butter cookies........I'm in heaven!!!!!!!!!Walking into this place I was immediately impressed with the decor.  I love places that look cool without looking like they tried too hard.  I was actually concerned because places like this usually have baristas that think they're too good for you.  This place was different!  The cashier immediately sparked up a cute witty banter and suggested their house specialties.  We went with one vanilla latte (my standard) and a Black and White latte which mixes dark and white chocolate.  Both were really amazing.Another cool aspect is their little in house bakery.  On your way down the hall to the restrooms, you can sneak a peak at where they smelt up their decadent baked goods.  It looks so fun! I wanted to ask her if she needed any help!   Well, at least I got to take part in eating the final product...Peanut Butter Cookies!!
5	After two great visits to Lux, I can't think of any negatives to affect the star rating. Lux has everything I can imagine for a coffee shop. Freshly roasted beans, baristas who know what they're doing, (AND look like they're having a good time doing it), an outdoor shaded patio with funky wood tables and indoor seating with mismatched modern chairs, delicious baked goods (some guiltier than others), beautiful local artwork on the walls (a photography display today), and an actual DJ playing music for the lingerers' enjoyment! It goes without saying that the coffee is delicious. Both times I went in, the guy at the counter offered advice on my choices (the scone he suggested was indeed delicious, not overly sweet, but perfectly buttery), and no one pressured me to get through the line, as often happens at other places where people have their order down pat. I also enjoyed the company of other Lux patrons both times I went, and savored my coffee outside on the patio with a good book.
5	This is my favorite place locally here in Phoenix, absolutely great coffee! Next to central highschool and light rail so there can be traffic when school let's out or rush hour.
4	Stopped by here today during our big driving around phoenix adventure. We both ordered a lg dirty chai. me hot NF milk, he iced soy. Both fantastic. That's all we got, ten something for that so not cheep but as I drink my last sip I know it was well worth every penny. I live far so that's sad for me. This is a true coffee house, Starbucks could take lessons!!
5	In my search for a legitimate Chai Latte that embraces the spiciness of the traditional product, Lux has been my answer until I can find a better place. They make their Chai from scratch every morning and it is simply delightful. My other drink of choice here is their fresh squeezed lemonade which could be a hair cheaper but is simply delightful.The people working here are great and now how to do their job well. Since I spend most of my time in Chicago I only get out here a couple of times a year and some recognize my face after a long absence and try to remember my name. Don't think they have ever gotten it right when they guess but the fact that they try and know I get an extra spicy chai is nothing short of impressive.You will either love or hate the decor in here but personally I love it. Forget what the style is called but basically if it was 1970 and you wanted to design a futuristic place I think you'd get close to this. Always busy but I have never not been able to find a seat if I needed to stay for a bit.All in all, this is my favorite cafe I have ever been to right now and I am confident you won't be disappointed. One thing I ask though is that you don't get your coffee "to go" when there is open seating. Bring a book and relax for a bit while you enjoy your drink in a "for here" cup with beautiful latte art on top.
4	Line up out the door, packed like crazy. So many people go here. The vanilla latte is pretty good. Not as good as my Vancouver and Toronto favourites but up there, definitely. Service is friendly. Nice coffee art. When I was in Phoenix I tried this place and Lola's and both are pretty good, though I like this one a bit more as I find there's more flavour in the espresso.
4	I have been to Lux a few times now and it has completely won me over with its delicious coffee and mouth watering chocolate croissants . There always seems to be a line but it moves fast. Among the numerous coffee shops in the area, Lux definitely stands out.
5	come on, more then 200+ reviews and almost everyone loves it.  Stop debating and give the place a try, you won't be disappointed. The coffee is great, the whip cream doesn't come out of a spray nozzle and the atmosphere is very lax, just how a coffee shop should be.I recommend the Velvet mocha if you're like me and like your coffee to taste like a dessert.
5	My favorite local cafe!  So much personality!  It has that whole industrial, arty urban chic vibe going on.  Cool local art on the walls.  Always great music on (sometimes a little loud, so if you're easily distracted or trying to chat don't sit right under the speakers).  Amazing home-baked tasty little goodies -- something different every day!  Usually with vegan alternatives, and at least one reasonably healthy choice, including fresh fruit.  Just had their no-bake chocolate-peanut butter-oatmeal cookies -- which were seriously yum!  Still my favorite is the ciabatta-style toasted bread with real butter and Nutella alongside one of their perfect soy lattes...- heaven!  And yes, they do roast their own coffee beans here, so if you come in during roasting time, you may leave smelling like freshly roasted coffee!
4	This place is so packed every time I go. It does have a great vibe and the coffee is out of this world amazing! If you do have the time to hang out and do some work or something, you should. It really is an awesome place. Warning: Don't stay too long cuz last time I did, I drank something like 12 shots of coffee and was totally buzzing for the rest of the evening.
4	One of my go-to places when I need to study or write. Wifi is surprisingly fast for the amount of people jammed inside this place on their laptops. Super cool staff. They accidentally charged me three times and were quick to remedy the situation with some Lux Bux. Really good chai lattes and fresh baked pastry concoctions. Open til' 10 most nights.
4	Like everyone else has said, this place is fantastic. I wouldn't exactly call it a 'hidden gem' as it's jam packed at all hours of the day - or so it seems. The environment is pretty laid back and relaxing if you can get passed the fact that they need to consider relocating to a larger building. If you can't get over how crowded it is, there's always the 'to go' option. The Lux experience offers great prices, delicious drinks, and a friendly staff.
5	Very friendly folks, I used to feel that one had to get all dressed up to go there, but being as how I live right behind the place, I don't feel like getting all dressed up to get my morning fix, so I go in in sweats and a tshirt and no one says anything lol. Great Velvet, awesome homemade whipped cream, great experience! Oh, and guys it's cheaper than Starbucks, and way way way better, so give it a try!
4	You know what I love most about Lux? Their hours. 7am - 10pm every day. I never have to second guess if they're still open, or if this is the day that they close earlier than normal. They also have a killer Republic of Tea selection and make a great latte. Lux is a great place to go to get some work done, or just to sit and relax with friends.
4	I love the atmosphere at Lux.  It is a great place to hang out, with a good vibe and interesting people.  I go to Lux regularly and will continue doing so.  Two dings: (1) sometimes the staff is standoffish and a little "too cool"; and (2) the baked goods are not very good.  I have ordered a brownie, cookie, cake, whatever, countless times and I am always a little disappointed.  If the baked goods were better I'd be here twice as often...then it would be the perfect coffee house/dessert place.
5	Lux is always a great place to go read or socialize.   They always have good music, and great people.  I personally go pretty much nightly to work from home.  Always such great friendly staff and customers.
5	Great place to drink coffee with a friend or do your academic work and very easy to bring your dog. Everybody who works at Lux is great!!!
5	This place is a bonafide treasure for Phoenix.  If you are looking for authentic, urban and high quality coffee experience this place is for you.  The owner is ALWAYS there and will go out of his way to say hello and treat you like family.  This place is unique enough in that its a true melting pot - gathering place for many demographics.  Pastries were all made from scratch and the vibe is WAY better than corporate competitors.  Keep it up.
4	You can smell the roasting coffee as you approach.  It's a bit of a run down looking place, but once you get inside, you're in hacker heaven.Macbooks everywhere.And good coffee.Lizbeth Salander would love this place.  So come out, get a break from the desert, have a cupcake, don't look at the prices, and enjoy the free wifi.
4	I've been frequenting this place for a loooooong time. It reminds me of the funky artsy coffeehouses in LA, around the Melrose District. Their hodgepodge of furniture - Midcentury rejects line the walls and old backlight tables - complement the easy, laidback vibe of the place. Of course, the Mac crowd wouldn't have it any other way.I haven't ever had a cup of coffee in my life but they always have juice, Vitaminwater and other non-coffee alternatives to choose from. Plus they have a few treats, like brownies, to snack on. This place is MRB approved!!!
4	There are so many reviews on Lux and I could just reiterate what's been said already ~ but they really do have incredible coffee and pastries!! Whether your a protagonist, fan or even if your dislike Lux, they have some of the best coffee is Phoenix and they have quite the following! This place is extremely busy ~ go figure!  The aroma when you walk in is a savory fragrance of roasted coffee and is truly delightful.  Their coffee is full flavored with palatible goodness from start to finish.  Their homemade pastries are scumptious and compliment your cup of joe or hot tea very well.The barista's are cool, friendly and very accomodating.  Lux is very small so most of the time I will get my cup of joe to go.  Their decor has a very "coffee house" feel and they have some seating outside which is user friendly below 100 degrees outside, lol! There are a lot of look-e-loos ~ people that like to stare at others.  Not sure why?  Maybe they think they know you or maybe they are looking for someone more interresting than the person they are with...
4	I have been a fan for a few years now. Way before Yelp. lol . Glad I have a chance to write a positive review. Coffee tastes excellent. Service is great even on busy afternoons or evenings.
5	I wanted to add how great the pies and quiches are to get when you order in advance.  Always made deliciously and makes all the guests happy.  its a must for holidays or special occasions.
4	When visiting Phoenix this last weekend, I hit up Lux twice. First time was on a Saturday and they were slammed. Staff were really friendly, fast, and the coffee was amazing. The second time was on Monday when things were a little mellower. Even better service and coffee. Interior is really relaxed with plenty of space to throw down your laptop and get some work done. I highly recommend the cherry corn muffins. All the bakery items are either done in house or near by. Fresh and so good. Enjoy!
5	Everything here is tasty.  They can be crowded, so expect that!  Wish they were open later when my friends want to go boozing and I want an espresso!
4	Coffee.  Good Coffee.  Right next to Pane Bianco, which has the best sandwich in Arizona (if you ask me).  I visit the Lux when I am at Pane Bianco, and not the other way around.Deeply sunk into modern furniture, patrons sip coffees, eyes tranfixed onto Macbooks.  The place smells exactly like it should, an aromatherapy most of us only experience in the morning in our kitchens.  Just walking in will put you in a good mood.The staff is helpful.  Good spot.
4	You know you're at Lux when you see about 5 fixed-gear bikes parked outside and when you walk in, don't get confused; you're not at the Apple Store. Lux has great coffee and they always make a pretty design in the foam. Staff is great and environment is conversation-inducing.
4	I drove from Tucson to find the two places I wanted to visit closed (next time, I'll really do my research) and ended up at Lux to drown my frustrations in caffeine. This place did not disappoint. My latte macchiato was delicious. The coffee was perfectly balanced by the milk; all-in-all, a great drink. Good atmosphere and friendly baristas, too. I appreciated the kind suggestions from the girl at the counter. Will definitely return the next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	Stopped in with my two yr old granddaughter today after going to the children's museum, got some raised eyebrows when the cool people  saw the kid but whatever I had to have one of there dirty chai's. Good as usual and the kiddo had a cupcake she thoroughly enjoyed on the drive home.
4	I went here this morning as part of my Coffee Tour de Phoenix!! (ftw). I went with the BF even though we were just next to this place last night (lots of driving this weekend). We got there around 10 and the place was busy, but we didn't have to wait long to order. The girl behind the counter was friendly and the clientele was kind of hippy dippy and 'trendy' but that's ok, that's what I kind of expect from a good coffee place. I ordered my usual, a latte, and the BF followed suit. We also shared a slice of pecan apple bread or something to that effect. The barista making the coffee was not so friendly, he kind of looked angry that people were at the shop (I can't really blame him, but still.... if you work in customer service you have to put on the show.... at least feign happiness a little). However, the coffee was good and he made a nice design in the top. The pastry was alright, but not the best I've ever had. I don't know where they get it from, but it was not particularly moist. It definitely was not bad though and we did eat it, so I'm just being nit picky. Overall the place was good, not the best coffee I have ever had, but definitely good for Phoenix. I would come back here if I were in the neighborhood.
5	This hipster coffee shop should not put anyone off. Coffee was excellent! The lemon cake was a morning favorite as well. It's worth the wait if you see a long line, which moves quick anyway.From the chill DJ beats to the great mix of young, old, artist, business persons. This coffee shop was a gem in down town.
4	Iced vanilla latte was okay.  Not stellar but ok.  The cherry pistachio scone, now that was spectacular.
5	Let me add to the NOISE!----Of course, one must enjoy the pseudo-bohemian appearance and the vaguely leftist hippies. What do they really know about art that they couldn't read in any trendy New York underground fashion magazine. I caught you! You prototypical non-conformist  Nothing but vacuous soldier of the thrift store. Lux, you adhere to a set of standards and tastes that appear to be determined by an unseen panel of hipster judges...Giving a thumbs up or thumbs down to incoming and outgoing trends and styles of music and art.  You're so post-modern, It's disgusting, its offensive don't stick your nose up at me!----  +hehe ...totally kidding+ If you understand my reference to my previous paragraph I think you are a head of the bell curve.||ANYWAY, it was 2006 when I first visited LUx, "oh this is kinda cool, but not my style." It was almost dramatic irony as I look back on it...that next month I was accepted to a small liberal arts college in Portland, OR...which was totally not my style or element. People "smoking" themselves to cancer right out side every cafe and bar...haha                                                            |ANYWAY, its 2011 when I again visited LUx, "Oh this is kinda cool, but not my style."  It was almost a congruity of ideas as I look at it now. This month I was accepted to a Trauma internship at PCH...which is totally my style and element. People curing others from their "blunt" sudden physical injury...haha||  WHY the five stars, same reason a person looks at the past and smile...because it happened and it was wonderful.LUx, your weird, but I lov you in a enduring nostalgic way. --Keep LUx Weird---R\_    "people like you are why people like me exist"
5	Best coffee in Phoenix.  You should also try Pane Bianco next door.
5	I couldn't love this place anymore. The music, the people, the coffee, the pastries, the atmosphere. They blow everyone away and invite them back to enjoy a relaxed productive or chill time. Anytime Any day of the week. And yes. I'm writing this review right now here. At lux.
4	This is my favorite special occasion coffee shop. I say that because it's so far from home so...I only go when I am downtown...which is usually special. The location is why they do not get 5 stars. I hate that they are far. I want them to be in my backyard....I mean come on...I have a pool and everything. The coffee and delicious treats are amazing.  Lots of tables to do table stuff. Lots of modern hipster chairs to do modern hipster stuff on. Outside seating is also available for those nature lovers. The art on the walls makes me wish I collected art. It's an all around good time...so go!
5	You have to try the velvet!!! Lux is so to die for, we actually had a meeting at my office that it is ok to go during work hours without counting it as a break as long as you bring some back for everyone. (no joke)
4	I love this place. Great coffee and nice set-up to do a bit of work using the free wifi.
5	Lux has the best coffee in town, hands down. They roast the beans on site, never bitter like that overdone Starbucks stuff. My penchant for sugar-free vanilla latte's always satisfied here. Free wi-fi. The staff do some jedi mind trick and always remember my name. I can bring my dog, they remember her name too.BOTTOM LINE: Sometimes I dream of this coffee
4	Love this place, the coffee will grow hair on anyone's chest - watch out! The espresso is the best in this town, no contest. I could do without the plethora of iPad, iPhone, iRidiculous toting independent workers that flock in legions to this joint - because it is sooo hard to get a good seat!!The location on Central works, the design aesthetic works, the baked goods are hard to resist...I took a non coffee drinking friend here for coffee and he found a cheese, ham, and pastry concoction that was topped by a fried egg, then baked....It looked outstanding, if I ate eggs!  More Vegan baked goods would make me smile.
1	Very loud, crowded and quite unpleasant. I felt very cramped and the environment was very uncomfortable.
4	I have been drinking the same espresso drink for about 6 years now, and Lux does the best job at making it! I found this place when I lived in Phoenix, and I literally went there every morning at 7am. I would order my drink and sit there and read. The coffee drinks are fantastic and it may have to do with the fact that they roast their own beans.  The pastries are also great, and they are baked fresh in the mornings. They have comfortable chairs to lounge on and read a good book. They also have tables that can seat up to 8 people, so it is a nice place to meet up with a group of friends. There is also seating outside under a shaded area. There is a morning rush, but the staff is quick and there are parking spaces to the north of the building and also to the south. It is a hip, cool place with hip, cool customers.
4	Chill coffee bar. That is the best way to describe it. Very unique. All the plates are different. Comfy chairs. Desks. Fresh flowers on the tables. I sipped on hibiscus green ice tea and munched on the best coconut macaroon on my life. Yes, I am willing to go there. Must try. Stop going to Starbucks and start supporting coffee shops with personality, unless your a boring dud.
5	Thank you Lux. Perfect in house roasted beans to make my iced coffee. Amazing baristas. Cute British girl at the counter was a bonus. Solid baked goods. Great decor.
4	Is it just me or is it like a Phoenix treasure hunt trying to find this place?  Good thing I'm persistent or I would have ended up staying tired last night, or worse, at Starbucks.  So Lux is hard to spot, although it is conveniently located on Central and Indian School, right near a light rail stop.  Great coffee though and worth the hunt!Walking in I found pretty much what I'd expect from a local coffee shop: trendy, laid back atmosphere, lots of comfy looking chairs, which were unfortunately all taken.  I did not however, expect it to be packed at 9:30 at night, half an hour before closing.  I ordered a latte; it was smooth and rich.  I would have mistaken it for a breve (made with half and half instead of milk) but I watched the barista make it and I'm sure it was done correctly.  I love a good breve but stopped drinking them because of the outrageous fat content.  Is it possible I've found a regular latte that tastes like a breve?  I'll be back tonight just to be sure!Loved this place, and to top it off, I'm a sucker for a nifty design in my foam.
5	Lux is a weekend staple-- Saturday without Lux would be akin to missing a critical appendage.  Well maybe not, but pretty damn close. As others have said the coffee is fantastic, actually the best I've ever had.  The espresso is always perfect.  I have a weakness for their iced mochas-- really the only iced mochas I've ever liked. Not too sweet, not too bitter, not too anything... just pure awesomeness.  And their whipped cream?  It took me about a year of visiting Lux to discover this sweet surprise, but it is so good.  Still not sure what the special twist is, but it is goooooood. And their baked goods are better than any I've had at a coffee shop.  Most are made on-site in an adorable little kitchen in the hallway.  My love of baking tempts me to slip in, tie on an apron, and start baking- but I've held myself back from offering unsolicited help.  At least thus far.   The staff is always friendly and always remembers your name (or at least makes a concerted effort to do so). It's generally crowded-- which makes sense, being as it is, in my humble opinion, the best coffee shop in Phoenix... maybe Arizona... maybe the US. Somehow the crowds and loud music never bother me-- and I can always find a seat.   Lux is one of those places that seems like it would be too hip for my taste-- everything about the decor, ambiance, and clientele suggests this, but for some reason, it still feels comfortable and friendly.  Maybe it's the warm embrace of out-of-this-world espresso and brioche.... whatever it is, it's a fantastically addicting way to start my weekend.
4	Good god lux is good!! When I need a glucose fix I get the velvet, and for the love of sweet baby jesus don't forget the dollop of whipped cream. mmm. It's heaven in a spoonful. Otherwise, sign me up for the iced coffee with the two shots of espresso that come along with, hells yes I'm set. But you know all those quotes? the ones to the right of the menu?...last time i checked we had this wondrous beauty on display: "Today will be tied to something like a bed post wrapping tree stumps in table clothes to set the table for supper" So, THIS is what makes Lux even better! It's that quote and all its precedents and all of its subsequent replacements. Jeff, the owner of lux and a poet, he's the man responsible for each and every one of those quotes. Simply an extra lovely touch in my humble opinion.Alsooooooo Pastries = YES!
5	With their internet fixed this is one of the best Coffee Houses in all of the Phoenix Metro.
4	A great place to lounge by yourself. The coffee and teas are great. I love the White Chocolate Mocha; your taste buds will love it, your hips may not.Don't go there expecting people to be friendly, it feels more like a library. Everyone generally keeps to themselves with their eyes glued to their various screens.
5	I have been a regular for about about 4 or 5  years now.  Lux is a home away from home. Ambiance, art & a great cup of coffee. Go with friends or go alone its still awesome. The staff is great, i.e. Sammy, Ron DMC, Sara, Lindsay, Jeff, & the list goes on ( sorry morning people I don't know your names :x ). No fancy review, just go in & get a coffee & a pastry, you'll never regret it.
5	I'm a regular here for a reason. The coffee and pastries are great and service always friendly. Sure the place is full of hipsters on their Macs but I see all kinds of people here, never snobberish. Can get loud and people get way too comfortable at times (get your feet off the table) but overall...great place.
5	I love Lux, and now that I've left downtown Phoenix living for good, I will miss it.I am going to give it five stars instead of four, because Jeff, the owner, more than makes up for the crowds with his great customer service. He gets to know his regulars by name and encourages all of the staff to do the same. To the reviewer who was bummed out that they didn't know what a "cafe ole" was... I think you MEANT "cafe au lait." It's a French drink, not a Spanish cheer.Yeah it's crowded. Yeah there are often too many hipsters (my little sister said that she'd have to find some Buddy Holly glasses to wear in next time, so she'd fit in better). But the coffee is great, the baked goods are awesome, and the staff is capable, courteous, and kicks much ass.
5	AMAZING! Love love love this place! There is not much left to say that others have not...Consistency is always key for me when were talking about coffee and I can say that I have never had anything less than perfection every time I've visited. Love the iced americano...the espresso is delicious! :)
5	Not much to say that hasn't been covered; great coffee, good atmosphere, great place to have coffee with your date. Only slight downside during the summer is limited inside seating because they're always so busy, and outside patio is a bajillion degrees, of course. (although, they do have shades, which help.) During fall / spring, their patio if a veritable destination spot.
5	This is one of my favorite hangouts. The staff is always friendly and have great memories and social skills. It is nice to always be greater with a smile and warm greeting no matter who is working. This coffee shop has amazing pastries made from scratch daily with a good variety. I have never had a problem finding an available outlet, which is pretty rare in a coffee house so centrally located and that does good business. You wont be disappointed. Cute and has a lot of character!
5	Great coffee shop, free wi-fi, great service! Can't ask for much more. Atmosphere is nice and cozy, and quiet.  Lots of people studying here I think.  Not me though. :o)  Has outdoor seating too.  Too hot in summer maybe, but great in winter.
5	All I can really say is this is my favorite coffee ever!
5	I love Lux. I love it. My friendship with Lux has seen me through three past relationships and a current relationship, which is astounding. I would marry Lux, but my life, my lover, my lady, is the the sea (ha ha, I got jokes). I've been going to Lux forever. Sometimes sporadically, but for the past year every Saturday except when I'm out of town, and when I'm out of town and it's Saturday, I miss this g*d*mn place. I went to a sushi place a month or so back and the server there recognized me from when she worked at Lux years ago. People mention the too-hip crowd, but I have to let you know that they're the kind of too-hip kids that used to be fat in high school. I've never had a bad experience with anyone here except the little kids who make faces at me or offer me their stuffed animals while I'm in line, those d*mn kids (jokes, again). There was, of course, one time this guy tried to take my place and mark it with his apple computer before I even got up from my seat, but I scolded him like a puppy (a strong "NO!") and told him he could have the seat when I decide to leave. You might think, "well, if you don't recognize the too-hip kids, then you, too, must be a too-hip bastard," but let me tell you, I'm 31-going-on-65. My goal in life is to become a golden girl, I am currently really excited that there might be a concert band I can join, and my blood pressure goes over the top when I throw rocks into the ocean. Hip, I am not.Mad props to the owner and his boisterous voice, Shadi (I don't know how to spell her name but she's there most Saturday mornings), the newish counter lady with the short red hair on Saturdays, the many rotating coffeemaking dudes, and the dude who sits in the corner on Sunday by the roaster room and plays music from a laptop over the speakers. There's also a coffeemaking dude at night whose name I don't know, but he's hilarious. You know it's been a rough day when I'm rolling in at 9:45 pm to get some caffeine, and this dude always makes me laugh. He's one of the too-hip people there with thick rimmed plastic frames.I just realized I posted a review without reviewing the product. OY! The espresso is great. I've never experienced the drip coffee, but I've gotten various espresso drinks from cappuccinos to dolled-up espresso mochas. They're consistently fantastic. I can think of two occasions I didn't like the espresso, and they were both drinks in which I decided to go with soy milk. Every so often, I pull a hippy move and decide to try soy in coffee. It's horrible no matter where you go, so I don't hold it against Lux.
5	Whip cream .. red velvet .. yeah im going here tomorrow
5	Easily one of my favorite coffee shops in the country & i don't say that lightly. Especially after going to Washington & Oregon, i'd still say Lux beats everything ive ever been too.& i always take my friends here to experience the goodness of Lux.Something else i'll say - i work at Starbucks, so if it tells you anything, i'm a coffee snob. i've worked for Starbucks since 06 & i would still prefer a lux coffee over Starbucks any day.This place has charm. The people are inviting & great. Very raw atmosphere. Expect to get great coffee & great food. Everything is baked fresh every day with their cute little bakery in the back. Its worth the time to stop by!
4	Well I love this place, is my fave coffee of all... but isn't great to study or have a conversation bcz their music is too loud, is always packed (bcz is that good) also the ambient and the style of the place is very cool, different  of what u can expect in the middle of the streets in phx central area. also the employees r very cool, know u by name and show u that care for ur order.... i will say is great specially for a weekends mornings or evening... is like a great place to meet somebody by the first time like a "relax, first date" hahaha... check it out
5	Sometimes you just need to say ,"eff the environment!" and drive 25 miles for a delicious mocha.
5	Lux continually makes some of the best espresso drinks in the Valley in my opinion. Their lattes and mochas are something I drive over 15 miles for every week. There are a lot of other options when it comes to Phoenix, but Lux has a great pastry case to match the coffee. Their lemon tarts, coffee cakes and giant cookies are always good. Only problem is that sometimes the place can get really busy on the weekends and there's nowhere to sit inside. That can be a problem when its 110 F out, but if you go at night there's generally seating available.As for everyone talking about the "hip" scene it attracts...ya there is a lot of that sometimes but everyone is friendly and it's a fun place to people watch at the very least.
5	We drive from the northwest valley for their heavenly  Black & White lattes with (amazing) fresh whipped cream. And their baked goods (lemon tarts, plum cakes, cupcakes, etc.) are other worldly. Great college town vibe.
4	This place serves up a good cup of coffee and I LOVE the cheap refills on my Americanos. They also serve a lot of yummy looking pastries and other goodies. One of my top three coffee places in Phoenix. Has a real cool vibe and they are always playing good tunes. The interior is a mish-mash of ultramodern furniture, some long benches and some old hand-me-down furnishings. Somehow all these incongruities add up to something unique and cool.I also LOVE the hours they keep. I can pop in for an Americano (decaf after 6:00pm) at 9:00pm and hang out and chill for a while.Just beware, this place (rightfully so) is ALWAYS packed and parking can be tough. But don't let that deter you.
5	Opening night!  The food was fantastic.  Same great pastries and coffee/teas as Lux. But now with wine and food.  Had a great time.  Ambiance is fantastic.  There are two work/study areas and a large dining area.  Service was great.  Good selection of beers and wines.  Great addition to the coffee shop.  Extended hours - so for all you night owls it's fantastic.  Hope to spend more time here!
5	I have been a long time frequenter of this amazing coffee house. I don't pretend to be a coffee snob but I am an addict and this place makes the best lattes and coffee of any place I've ever been. The pastries are unreal and baked in house with love. They recently opened their new addition and restaurant and I have to say that they have made a true iconic mark in downtown Phoenix. The menu is limited right now but everything we were served was great. Of course they still maintain their coffee house vibe and have sacrificed nothing in that area with the renovation. This place is a must visit in Phoenix!
4	delcious coffee and the pastries are always fresh! they should be open 24 hours!
5	Very impressive space and design.  I attended the "soft" opening and was very pleased. If you like artistically crafted drinks... this is the place for you.I enjoyed a "Black" Manhattan which was made with Rye Whiskey. It was perfect! Of the menu items I was able to sample the macaroni and cheese was very impressive. Completely unique and light, where most mac and cheeses are clumpy, heavy and boring.The staff is delightful!I can't wait to come back to Phoenix and get my LUX on!!
4	Very good, Cartel is better by far.
4	yes, hipsters still abound in this space but the coffee and pastries are yum!
5	What can you say about a place that hits all the right notes?  It is charming...funky...cool...fun.  There are several rooms and within those rooms, nooks and crannies so you can choose solitude or conviviality, depending on your mood.   The food is A+++++.   All the old favorites are there -- great coffee and melt-in-your-mouth pastries.   I personally have only been there for coffee...yet.    But I heard ooooohs and ahhhhhhs over the rest of the menu items.   You know it's good when people are planning what they will have on their next visit before they have even finished their meal.There is a bar now and what looks like a very well chosen wine collection.   Enjoy!!!!
5	This was always my favorite coffee shop but after the massive expansion I would have to say this is just my overall place to hang out  in Phoenix. To say this shop has personality is an understatement - it is comfortable, great people watching, friendly staff, excellent pastries, and oh yeah, great coffee (even though I wish they also served decaf drip).
4	I've also never had to transition from a purely coffee shop to a coffee + wine+ restaurant, etc . They did a good job of keeping the old coffee Lux essential intact . The seating rooms for the coffee drinkers (and laptop users and book readers) are spread out on opposite sides of the space but there's always seating available. I have not had a chance to try out the "complicated to describe " food here although a sample I got from a fine lady here really got me excited.  It is an improvement in regards to the availability of food dishes. It can be a one-stop destination and I hope they do a very good job in all those specific areas in their food and service offering (besides the excellent coffee which is unequal in this area).. I like the fact that I can pace myself to discover new menu items here.  From a business perspective, I like to see how management plan to promote and market their new and expanded offerings.Like the prior place, the music is still a notch too loud. The art on the wall is not memorable but then again they probably will rotate the selection.  It is still slightly crowded after the first opening week. What's unique in Phoenix about this place is that it attracts people from different age sets, artists, punk, fringe groups, professionals, anti-socials, intellectuals etc. .The counter area is busy with the foot traffic and sound of cooking; an area I tend to avoid. The first week, I took 3 friends on separate trips to this place and they all agree, they like to come back.. So after a while, after this new place is " broken-in", I will want to update my review. Enjoy
5	Of course you can get almond milk in your iced latte. Of course the waitress is 90 lbs and wearing a plaid headband with a pixie haircut. Of course everyone who needs to be seen working publicly is there with a laptop, and naturally there are no menus and everyone knows to go in the back...But, fear not the Eau de Hipster that emanates from this lovely place!There's also a gym buddy group drinking tea, my mom and I on a couch in the corner drinking coffee, parents ordering pastries for their toddlers, a husband and wife sharing a scone, and random dudes at the bar chatting up smiling strangers.Just because it's a hipster joint, doesn't mean it's not an everyone else joint, too. And besides, almond milk is the shiznit in iced lattes, so let's just embrace it.
3	New building is kind of obnoxious. Excellent food & drink; a great place to meet friends; not a great place to do any type of creative work, ironicaly.
5	The new Lux is amazing! In addition to the aspects that haven't changed, like serving the best espresso in the Valley combined with one-of-a-kind baked goods and the best quiche I've ever had (in the mornings), Lux has a brand new space and now serves dinner, wine, bottled beer and some pretty amazing cocktails from scratch (my margarita was made with egg whites!).The other thing that hasn't changed is the friendliness of the staff and the welcoming atmosphere.  Lux feels a lot like home to me, only the food is better than anything I've got in my fridge and the people give me something really interesting to get distracted by!
5	My head is still spinning. I will write a better review later.They are doing it right on so many levels. Phoenix needs more stuff like this. Totally unique. Personality-driven, friendly and fun and welcoming. I love it.The food and drinks were awesome.
5	Lux = quality on all levels. Java, juice, pastries, breakfast quiche is yummy,  art work, clientele, and especially the wonderful staff. I'm a regular here and have never had a negative experience. I'm very much looking forward to the new Lux opening just next door!
3	Lux is an awesome place to hang out - good wi-fi, lots of space to spread out (when not crowded), awesome food, awesome service and awesome staff!I take off two stars for the following reasons:1.  Lack of a visible menu w/ prices.  I know that food/wine menus are visible just next to the typewriters at the bar area.  Unless I'm misunderstanding something or totally blind I see no drink menu/prices listed (like Lux did at their previous location).  Unless it's just me, I find it confusing on what to order w/o a menu present as well as their prices.  2.  On 2 separate visits I was charged different prices on the exact same product!! (for all I know that cashier could be pocketing the difference!!)
5	Jeff, the owner, took what was a great coffee shop and turned it into an awesome destination experience. The place is always filled (which makes for some great people watching) and it is a treat just to kick back and relax. If you love coffee shops, this is a must!
4	After venturing to the new building i sadly have to knock this place down a star. As others have mentioned, there's no menu with pricing in a convenient location. There was what appeared to be a menu on a clear glass wall but it was hard to read and only had a few things on there. Luckily i have my regular orders that i know by heart. I really miss the intimate feeling of the original building. Although I'm happy they had to expand for a growing clientele a part of me wishes they kept the coffee shop a coffee shop and had the food/bar in the new building. I've also been here twice since the new building, both on a Sunday afternoon and it was so packed! The first Sunday i was able to find a spot to do work, but today i was unable to and just had to turn out the door after doing a lap around and seeing no seats at a table open. I never had that happen in the previous building... Perhaps when the weather is cooler this will improve.
5	wanted to try this place after reading a long article in the AZ republic about the place.My only initial concern was is this going to be an authentic place or some hipster wanna be establishment. In the article the owner wanted to expand (money) but talked about knowing all his customers in an intimate way. Kinda had me worried. dont really like talking to people unless they are authentic about it.The place looks great, real industrial feel. lots of room and different decor which is probably by design. Variety of people too from tree huggers, businessman, moms with tots and a gay crowd. Pretty cool. Good coffee, very average scone. Great service. enjoyed hanging out for a couple of hours. Even saw the owner and he didnt approach anyone. He's hard not to notice. He's got the cool guy glasses and hipster pants on. Must have read some serious shakespeare that day.looking forward to checking out the drinks and food at night.
4	I've been here twice now.  The first time was in April 2009 on a first date.  I thought the caramel frappe was just okay like the date, but I liked the atmosphere of the place.  I went again last Tuesday on a first date, and the place had moved to a much larger building on the same property.  They needed to expand since the place is so popular and crowded (too crowded in the old location).  The atmosphere is still awesome with interesting seating and artwork on the walls.  But even more interesting was my date.  We stayed for 5 hours!  This was the best or second best date of 2011. However, on the second date she told me that she wanted to be friends because of her complicated life right now.  I'm holding out hope for something more, but meanwhile, I'm going to move on to other women, who I will probably have less chemistry with.  As for the drink and customer service, my iced chai was great, but not one of the best I've ever had either.  They were quite friendly in there, which I greatly appreciated.Definitely would come back.  Hopefully, on a date which leads to a relationship.  This place is magicial....haha.
3	I visitied Lux for the first time last night (8/23). My friend came into town and wanted to check it out as she had heard it has some pretty delicious drinks. I've known it to be a coffee bar, but word on the street was that it's a bar by night... maybe I live a sheltered life, I'm not sure.We walked in through the giant glass doors and my first impression was "hipster central." I don't consider that a bad thing, after all who doesn't like nicely dress hipster dudes? As we made our way through it was hard to decide what we were supposed to do. There isn't much seating and it was a little confusing where we were supposed to go to get a drink. But sure enough we were able to figure it out with the help of the bartender that we knew. I am not sure what we would have done without a little help. Beside the confusing seating arrangement, the specialty drinks are a little high-priced, but delicious none-the-less. The setting is a little more intimate, so I'd recommend Lux for a quite date night. As for a menu, they have some drinks written on the glass-board, but I usually just ask the bartender to surprise me.
4	Man, this place is like something out of a movie, or magazine, or perhaps just real life.  I really love being in their space, and I love that after only three times, Danielle, who took my order, remembers my name, and knew the name of the guy behind me, too.  That sort of personal touch means a lot to me, and despite some of the pretense--like having a DJ on a Friday morning (spinning good tunes, I might add)--it's comfortable and fun.  I like that they serve my Moroccan Mint tea in a cast-iron tea kettle.  I like how they cook all the goodies right there in the same space as the customers, and I like that the people who work there match the style of the space.  Wish they did pour overs and pressed coffee, though.  Their mixed alcoholic drinks have all been excellent, although pricey.  My favorite is the slightly odd margarita they make, and it takes about five minutes to create, so be patient, but it's well worth the time.Prepared food takes forever, especially if there's a line, so I suggest ordering a pastry behind the glass and a drip coffee if you are in a hurry, but then this isn't Starbucks, so don't come here if you need to rush off.
3	Americano is an espresso with hot water.  Not a brewed cup 'o joe.  But that's what the guy gave me.  After we left for Fez (consistently great and fun since, um many years?) I called Lux and left a message.  She called the next day saying they're getting the kinks out and offered another if my wife and I give them another chance.  So an extra star for that.Very nice place with oppressive levels of hipsters.  Which is either fun or off-putting depending on how you're wired.  Though it is nice to not have a single Ed Hardy in the entire place.As other reviewers have noted, the menus & drink lists written on clear glass are difficult to read.  And you have to find where they are.  Food looked yummy though.  Place is so hip it hurts.
5	I absolutely adore Lux and especially enjoy the new location (don't worry, it moved about a grand total of five feet from the original location). The new location is much roomier, has more seating, and most importantly more table space! I find this to be a great place to study, meet someone or just relax.If anyone tells you this isn't a hipster bar, frankly, they're lying. However, I find this rather refreshing compared to the rest of Phoenix which can be quite hum drum. And not every patron is a hipster, however hipsters dominate.The coffee and pastries are excellent and the staff is friendly and personable. They now have two separate counter areas in the new location, one that serves the coffee and pastries and another that serves the booze and food. Also they are now open until midnight, but only serve coffee until ten... which is excellent in my opinion ^.^Overall, I love Lux and am happy to have them as neighbors! Wonderful place for me to study (especially with extended hours now) and they are certainly helping with my SF withdrawals, being new to Phoenix and such.Two areas for improvement though... there is NO HAPPY HOUR :'( and their coffee could be MUCH stronger.
3	This is the type of place I imagine litters Seattle and Portland. Very artsy, trendy, for hipsters. There were old type writers, design show furniture and a DJ in the corner armed with a Mac full of electronica. I didn't feel cool enough to be in there. They're building on a porch which will be nice in the cooler months. Hopefully they don't pipe the music out.However, the ice coffee was very good - very strong and fresh tasting. I also got a small bag of chocolate chip cookies which were awesome and soft. I wouldn't go out of my way for this place but it was fun to try.
5	Wow-A-Palooza!  Talk about a metamorphosis!   Jeff, you had the greatest coffee joint in Phoenix... now after this move/renovation you may have the coolest joint in the country.  Talk about hip, cool, and perhaps the warmest most comfortable place to hang out.  Nooks and crannies, little rooms, sections, all with their own vibe, feel and energy.  You have completely outdone yourself and everyone else man!If you are someone who either has never been to Lux or haven't been in a long while, then you MUST GO (and go again and again and again to take it all in).  And oh, by the way... besides the comfortable atmosphere, both the coffee and food is over the top.  Katie (the chef), you're talents, passion and energy are appreciated by so many.
5	The Velvet coffee drink with whipped cream is the most amazing coffee I've ever had in my life.  It made Starbucks look like 7/11.  I also had a peach upside down muffin which resembled a piece of pineapple upside down cake.  It was also really really delicious.  I love the mix of modern, antique, and industrial.  I was there on a Saturday afternoon and there was a lot of seating available. The ladies room was clean.  There were some dirty dishes scattered around the place, but it was busy and I didn't really care- they were all picked up by the time we left.  There were a few hipsters in there, but my conservative suburbanite parents felt very comfortable in there as well.  My only qualm was the lack of a menu and pricing.  If my friend hadn't recommended the Velvet I would've been totally clueless, and possibly disappointed.  While I was waiting in line I even pulled out my phone to check if their website had a menu, but couldn't find anything.  In the restaurant I could only find a list of teas (on a small piece of paper right by the register), and alcoholic beverages (on the glass wall).  Maybe I just wasn't looking in the right spot.I will be back!
1	Hipsters, Hipsters, Hipsters everywhere and not a drop of decent coffee.The coffee was mediocre at best. One of the worst iced carmel/vanilla lattes I've ever had. It was in a 16oz cup that costed more then a venti at Starbucks. Was this because of superior quality? Hardly. Hipsters can't make decent cup of joe. Its too mainstream for them. I was in the area, and remember seeing it, so I wanted to give it a try.The atmoshpere was crowded and cluttered. Overall just messy. I feel like I walked into a sweat shop. OH did I mention hipsters? The pastries looked good. But i'd never purchese anything from greasy hipsters without it being FDA approved. And these bitches were making cupcakes in plain view.If I ever were to come back, it would be to simply take pictures of all the patrons and post them at LATFH.com
4	I have always been a fan of Lux, and will always be a fan of Lux. I have established a great relationship with the owner, and have been a regular at Lux since before Fischer bought the business. I have to agree with Jason C. that the "shift in employees" is always hard to take, especially when you have had the same people helping to start your day, year after year. The new staff is pleasant though, some more than others...the nature of the hospitality industry. But I have noticed, however that the staff in the new barrista area are somewhat uptight ; I believe as a direct result of the confusion in the ordering area. It's a very odd setup. On any given day you can constantly hear patrons asking one another: "Are you standing in line to order?" "Is this where we stand to order?" "I'm very confused, where do we order, and where do we go after we order?" "How do they expect us to get to the coffee condiments with so many people 'corraled' here?" It's true, the ordering area is a 3-sided dead end. When the unnatural traffic patterns get out of hand, one of the cashiers will come out from behind the counter (table) and in a raised voice, try to herd the customers into some sort of line which never lasts more than a couple of minutes.To add to the confusion, there is a nerve-wracking cross-pattern between the barristas and cashiers...3 of them have pointed out the numerous close-calls leading to spilled, hot beverages. Again, the traffic patterns seem to have been poorly thought out and arbitrary.Nonetheless we are dealing with extremely talented and creative people, who despite the frustrating traffic patterns at the front of the house, continue to provide the best beverages and the most awesome baked goods.5 stars when the confusion gets sorted out.Pax!
5	Is somewhat of a 'fairy tale' coffee joint - out of a movie/magazine type atmosphere. Kept getting cooler and cooler as I asked more questions about their store, walked around, etc. Great coffee experience and they were roasting while I was there which added to the vibe. Only downer is that Biff's (think back to the future with me) run amuck in this place  - I was wearing business attire and you would have thought I was yelling racist remarks with the looks I was getting. Sorda funny to me, just see that getting to me if I was a local.
5	You really gotta be either insane or an idiot to mess with near perfection, and that's exactly what Lux did when they moved next door and added liquor to the mix.Well that is unless I guess you really know what you're doing ... and the owners CLEARLY know what they are doing. This place is bigger and better than the old Lux and I never expected to say that.This place is a diamond in the rough. There is no coffee shop within 300 miles that is this hip, this cool and this awesome.Oh yeah ... the coffee is damned good to!
4	Thought i'd update my review, with the new locale being open;coffee, pastries, and environment all maintain their top-shelf qualities. inside seating room was always an issue, but not near as much anymore. And the places to sit are all very hip, cool set-ups - not just 10 look-a-like tables and chairs. My only problem? How they've laid out their customer flow. One prob at the old place was there was always an awkward bottleneck of people waiting for their drinks... and to my amazement, they've cloned the problem at their new place! Unreal! Whoever space-planned the new layout should be shot! "i have an idea - because this place gets really busy, lets direct the long line of people into a little circle in front of the register, make this the same spot people wait for / pickup their drinks, and also the same place people use the condiment bar, and we'll have everyone awkwardly climbing over each other. Perfect!"That said, their coffee is still the best in town. So there's that too.
4	Espresso is rich and DELICIOUS, scones get 2 thumbs up. Lighting is not the greatest for reading at night. Can be a bit overwhelming for first timers--figuring out the system (lines/ordering) because its so busy all the time. prices are fair/competitive.Wifi is spotty (also likely due to being so busy)
4	As a shift worker, I am always on the look out for a good caffeine fix.  Likewise, I am obsessed with finding the best toddy in town.  With these in mind, I had to try Lux.  The vibe is definitely hipster but friendly and approachable--I hate to walk in and everyone turns to ask who the hell is this guy raiding our shop.  The toddy here was good, slight caramel notes and mildly bitter (in a good way).  I would grade this as the 2nd best toddy in the valley.Oh, can't forget the patio.  Love it.
3	The coffee is amazing.  No one can challenge that.  I had kept telling the man about their coffee and how it reminded me of my favorite coffee place from when I lived in Seattle (Vivace.  Mmmmmm)  I had been to the old Lux and was curious to see the new one.  I was utterly confused.  There are three different counters.  The "bar" is in the back and distinguished by all the liquor bottles.  Easy enough.  But I had heard that they had sandwiches and what not now.  I saw an area that looked like where they made food, but was unsure as if I was supposed to order from them or from the barista.  When I asked if they had a menu, she said, "We are your menu."  Um.... ok.  Is that the hipster thing to do now?  I'm a girl who likes options.  I didn't know what my particular craving was that day and I like to know what my choices are.  I also like to know prices.  I ordered my old stand by of a medium vanilla soy latte and the man got a double espresso and it came out to almost $8. That was fine, just a little shocking and had there been prices listed anywhere, I would have known what to expect.  And instead of trying this food they allegedly have now, we got a pizza from Pane Bianco next door.  Which was incredible.
5	Lux is one of the best places to have a cup of coffee in central Phx.  The drinks are pretty good; they used to be better a couple years ago.  Maybe they changed there espresso, who knows?  I love their new location: it's designed so well.  I love mid-century furniture, so it's still a pretty nice spot to have a cup of coffee with my girl.  I haven't had the food yet, but I will soon.  Since they now serve food and drinks, there is more of a reason to go to Lux.
5	Who that within two months of adding a bar & kitchen, Lux could have quite probably the *best burger in Phoenix*?Green chili cheddar burger: Highly recommended.The bartenders are great, too. Have them mix you something new.
3	Think i would have liked this place better if i didn't go during it's busy hours....8 in the morning!  Parking is a dive, had to park infront of the pawn shop--wishing the owner wouldnt come out and smash up my car!!  But overall, the coffee(iced) was amazingly good and stronge!  Which i love, makes for an interesting work day that's for sure....Will go back, but during slower hours.
2	-I ordered a whole milk latte.-New Lux is what some argue is a 3rd wave coffee shop. That's code for "we are a restaurant that serves coffee". And it shows, just as it has in every shop I've been to that tried it.Coffee: The roasting method is half science and half magic. It's like the creationism of roasting. You stop roasting when it feels right. This causes quite a bit of variation from one visit to another.Baristas:The staff here are as cool as any of your friendly neighborhood hipsters. They usually remember my name and they do enough volume in a shift to get good and practiced making latte art. The grind is pre-ground which oxidizes the coffee before it is brewed.The tamp appears to vary by the body weight of the barista.The pull seems weird with a bunch of gauges that seem placed there for show as none of the staff seem to pay any attention to the contraption. Milk steaming here is near perfection, with fancy pants latte art and proper cappuccinos. Tasting:The temperature of the coffee is perfect, as this is a component mainly of milk steaming skills.The pull today however, was far to the bitter side making my latte taste more like an IPA than a sweetly balanced coffee.The staff is more than friendly and when the drinks are delivered they call out your name and drink. It's presented in proper china and with efficient but respectful flair. Shop: I love people watching here, somehow this is the go to place for scenesters and the beautiful people of Phoenix. It's like that club you go to that only lets models in. New Lux suffers from some of the same problems as Old Lux; seating is akin to taking up residence in a sardine can (but there is a lot more of it now!). The baristas are either hard of hearing or just prefer that no one can talk over the music, I usually just put my headphones in as earplugs so I can think.Their internet is still free and is vastly superior to the wifi they had at the old Lux. The drink prices are fair and what you'd expect at any specialty coffee shop, the pastries can get a little expensive. Credit cards are welcomed and the loyalty card gets every 11th coffee for free.Jeff is much more focused on the bar at this public house, which I'd recommend Lux for far more than for coffee.
5	I. LOVE. LUX. They play the best music (The XX tonight). Their coffee and tea is always the best (my personal favorites are quattro con panne and the "velvet"). Their baked goods are so genuinely great. And now the new food and atmosphere are simply making me want to live and die here. I wish it were closer to me since I live in Tempe, but I'll gladly make the Lightrail trek at least once a week for my fix.
2	I've been to Lux twice since they've made the move next door, and I figured it was ok to give a review. I have been to Lux countless times over the last few years. It has always been the place to see and be seen, with coffee service that is definitely above Starbucks, but I will admit struggles in certain areas. Lux, in its former space, was a small shop, always packed and definitely had its crowd. If you weren't a part of the crowd, you'd receive a "look" of, "hey, who are you?!" Look past that and hop in line for a cappuccino and it would make up for it.The new space, well... it caters to the exclusivity of the "hipster" crowd. Walk through the door that you THINK is the entrance... and wander around. The kitchen, espresso bar and cocktail bar are all broken up and there is no definitive flow of service. Also, is that a customer wearing the tight jeans and cardigan? Or is that the staff? Who knows? Luckily I have a friend who works there and was kind enough to show me around and how the flow of service works. If you're not that lucky, best of luck to you, as you're left to your own sense of direction as how to order, sit down, etc. From what I gather, you can order an espresso drink and sit wherever and they'll call your name when your drink is ready. However, I'm not sure about the cocktail bar. The only way I think you would order would be by sitting at the bar? Not sure about ordering food from the kitchen.I will admit, I haven't ordered any food from Lux yet, apart from a pastry for my coffee. I had a croissant, which was pretty good and went really well with my cappuccino. I'm a fan of a free-pour cappuccino, however the cappuccino that I was served on this visit had the foam scooped on top. This confused me, because I saw other customers order a cappuccino and get one free-pour. Maybe it depends on the barista? Kind of inconsistent. I did sit down at the awkward cocktail bar and order a drink. The bar has normal height seating and a raised bar for the bartender. It's awkward when they lean down and tower over you to deliver a drink. Anyway, I ordered the "Number 47" cocktail with gin, Green Chartreuse, St. Germain, lime, mint and cucumber. I'm a huge fan of Green Chartreuse and gin so I was excited to try it. They didn't have any cucumber in house, so they made it without it. Jeff (the owner) commented, "Well today it's just the 46." Hmm... Alright. So I took a sip of the cocktail. It was decent. Nothing exciting at all. It was overpowered by the mint and the lime in the cocktail. It masked the green Chartreuse too much. It really NEEDED that cucumber to mellow out the mint and lime so you could taste all of the ingredients.Oh well... what can you do when the owner doesn't seem to mind that ingredients are missing? Overall, props to Lux for being busy at 3pm on a Thursday afternoon and being a successful establishment, which may be from the same established clientele from before the expansion. The coffee and pastry has remained the same, which is ok with me. However, the cocktail bar tries a little too hard, I think. Also, the decor and vibe has definitely turned Lux into the "hipster mecca" and excluded the general public from it's demographic. Which, I can't complain or comment too much, because they are doing just fine. The flow of the restaurant is choppy and confusing and the staff is less than considerate (with a few exceptions). There's my two cents, for whatever it's worth.
5	Okay, so I admit it. Sometimes I get a stubborn idea about not wanting to go to a specific establishment due to a fierce loyalty to one of it's competitors. It took me a while to cave on this one. Too long in fact.Everyone loves Lux and as it happens, they have good reason to! My latte was supremely delicious. The environment is great albeit slightly confusing as far as the flow of service. I absolutely love the patio area. This place definitely has a Pacific Northwest vibe that immediately resonates with me. The service was really laid back, yet authentically friendly. I was far too busy enthusiastically catching up with a dear friend to take in all that Lux has to offer. There's room in my heart for Lux after all so I shall return. My primary concerns going in were the coffee, service and atmosphere. A+ for all in my humble estimation. I was a little late to the party, but I had a blast anyway.
3	When planning my visit to Lux, I wanted to place an order.  Instead, I found myself thinking about the song, "Confusion" by New Order.Their "old" location was too cramped, so moving next door was part of their natural progression.  The new space has plenty more square footage, but the layout of the rooms is a bit of a maze.  It's unclear precisely where to stand to place/wait for your order and there were cardboard boxes and other items all over the floor.  The decor has it's own unique charm with it's mismatched plates and furniture but the furniture pieces are placed so close to one another you practically need to jump over them.  That was a bit much.  What's Lux it trying to be?  Contemporary?  Retro?  It's hard to say.  Even the "front door" we walked in turned out to be a "back" door.  Why would they throw so much capital into the space without some semblance of clarity?The food we ordered was OK.  I had a slice of quiche (pictured) which I believe had sun dried tomatoes, among other ingredients.  The counter person was friendly and offered to heat it for me.  My friend ordered two scrambled eggs, hash browns and two slices of bacon (pictured.)  We sat a a table in another room not knowing if a server would ever find us.  A server later brought the food over and left rather quickly; too soon for my friend to show the server the bacon which was just delivered was burned.  My friend gave me a look as if to say, "How could the server NOT realize this is burned to a crisp?!?!"  So...my friend had to get up, return the bacon, wait for two more (precooked) slices to sit underneath the broiler a while and by the time she returned, both our breakfasts were cold.  I will say my friend was happy with her coffee and my iced latte was da bomb!Lux may still be working out the kinks in their new locale.  Once they organize the boxes, furniture and service concerns, they'll be prepped for enlarging their clientele of repeat customers.  If I turn out to be one of them, the path to their small outdoor patio looks inviting and not at all confusing to find.  You may find me there sipping an iced latte and listening to New Order.
5	this has always been my favorite coffee shop in phoenix.  the organic lattes are the fuel that powers me through this crazy world!i love the ambiance, the people, the food, the art, the music, the couches and of course the coffee. (these guys roast their own beans incase you didn't know)i have not had the privilege of dining here yet, but i'm sure it is a wonderful experience like everything else.  jeff has done an amazing job breathing life into the new location.i truly feel the heart of my community every time i am at lux.
5	The coffee is great, the chai even better, and the pastries are fantastic. Warm, laid-back, and welcoming. Plenty of room, but in almost every available seat sat a college kid with a MacBook. Isn't that the norm at a good coffee shop though? Easy to miss if you don't know it's there.
5	Lux, I miss you!
5	Loved this place. Super chic and quaint. Yes, there are many college kids and lawyers there, but, I kind of liked it.  It reminds me of a cafe one might find in San Fransico or Brooklyn. The place is huge, so, it isn't that hard to find seating, you just might have to spend a little effort looking (there are nooks and crannies everywhere). The coffee was excellent, loved my latte. It's so awesome they have such an assortment of home made pastries; there is something for everyone's tastes, I'm sure. I only wish I lived closer.
5	I'm not going to lie - what made me go to Lux in the first place is because there is a character named Lux in the online game League of Legends that I'd been playing a lot, and it caught my attention.  Secondly, I wanted some morning coffee on a Monday morning while visiting Phoenix.If I were limited to rail travels, I'd tout its easy accessibility it is to the rail, but I had a car, and it's in a convenient location that at worst, requires a U-turn to get to.  Parking was a little sparse, but I was able to get a spot, probably because I was hitting it up after the real main morning rush.The interior of the place was unique, and sub-sectioned to about three or four different mini-lobbies of some sort.  It's cozy and inviting in most of them, but you better like your fellow man if the picnic benches are the last place to sit.I went for just coffee, so I didn't experience the food, although lots of people attest to it being really good.  As far as coffee was concerned, out of the five, I guess local coffee joints I hit up in Phoenix, Lux probably had the best coffee of them all.  The staff were all friendly and pleasant peoples, and they mowed through the lines of people efficiently and with smiles on their face.  It's a truly good atmosphere there, and despite the pretty hipster crowd, the air of smug arrogance isn't as prevalent from those who lounge there.Phoenix as a whole has a lot of great food joints and coffee shops.  Lux easily ranks up there with them, and I'd visit again if/when my travels bring me back out to Arizona.
5	Anyone who knows me understands that about 97% of my time in Phoenix was spent at Lux. Fantastic atmosphere, friendly regulars and staff, overall one of the best coffee shops I've ever visited.Right next to the lightrail and in a newly renovated  (and might I add: very nice) spot, Lux is usually extremely busy, but I've never had a problem finding a nice spot to sit. Great location for an exceptional cup of coffee and a chance to make a billion friends.
5	Love the pastries, miss the old Lux, but I understand wanting a bigger space.
5	As a new-comer to Phoenix, two months into my stay I finally made my way here to meet a friend... I wished I had found it the day I moved to Arizona. Great ambiance; fun, adventurous and tasty food (I mean whoever thought of putting jalapenos in mac-n-cheese).  The "Yorkshire Pudding Burger" was awesome.  If I'm ever back In Phoenix, I'm planning on using this as a meeting place for a reunion with friends.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food7 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueI don't like in the least how the recent remodel suddenly turned its back to the street, but I certainly enjoy making occasional trips into Uptown for Lux now that they've got food & booze.The drinks are over-the-top creative, quite tasty, but a little pricey.The service itself is good, but figuring out how to get served can be a challenge.  The space is definitely not inviting to shy newbies, and some really don't appreciate the meandering layout, though I tend to like it.
3	So I have a bit of a crush on this place.  Lux happens to be about 20 miles away from home passed about just as many coffee shops but I find myself making the trek here several times a week.  I find Lux to be a bit of a love hate kind of place.  Parking can be  a battle because even though there are a lot of spots and on street parking, it can still be a battle finding a place to tie up your horse.  With free wifi and plenty of seating, Lux is a place you WANT to plop down for a while and do whatever it is you have to do but here it's "coolness" works against it as even with plenty of seating, It can be a bit like the 101 freeway at rush hour trying to find a place to sit.  I wish I could say the coffee was what brought me in but to be honest, it's average at best.  The SERVICE is pretty good and the staff friendly and attentive.  The food items i've had both baked and prepared freshly have all been adequate (the Mac n Cheese with bacon and Jalapeno was tasty, served in a large portion for the money and well executed but fire roasting the japapenos prior to adding them in would have elevated this dish to excellence!)So what keeps me coming?  Well, I can't think of anyplace i'd rather to go hang-out, MacBook in hand, to get some work done and people watch.  The atmosphere here is GREAT!  A mixture or modern and retro furniture, exposed beam ceilings, varied work spaces, and locally produced art are on par with and in my opinion rival similar concepts in NYC, Seattle or San Francisco.Did I mention the full bar?  Fancy an adult beverage to take the edge off of that paper you need to write or the power point you're putting together for the "big proposal" at work?  You're in the right place.  The bartenders here will gladly mix you up anything from a classic coctail to a trendy CenPho treat to whet your whistle.  I'd give Lux 4 stars if it were a bar that served food and happened to have coffee.If your looking for great coffee i'd recommend Press Coffee Roasters, Cartel Coffee Lab or Echo Coffee. Lux is definitely my choice if you're looking for a place to socialize, sit and get a little work done, plow through homework or just hang out and people watch.  If the coffee were better i'd rate it 4 stars but as it stands, they only get the third from me because the whole package is so appealing.
4	Lux has mastered the amazing way of combining happening, yet slow paced; friendly yet quietly independent; trendy, yet relaxed. Go to Lux for the amazing coffee and wifi, but come away with an appreciation for great spaces, new friends, and a quiet buzz that'll make you want to come back again and again.The "new" Lux is a great space: once you think you've found a quiet place to crawl into and observe the crowd, you'll discover that the building just continues and continues! There's a spot to people watch, enjoy the football game that's on, or power through your emails at a large table. If you're not in the mood to stay inside, hit up the small patio and listen to the chatter around you. If coffee isn't your thing, order wine or beer! I haven't tried their food but just from the looks of the dishes that friends have ordered, I don't think you can go wrong. The only thing that keeps Lux from getting five stars? It's crazy overpriced! Their cheapest glass of wine is $9. All in all, go to Lux just for the experience. I promise you won't regret it.
5	This place rocks. Super casual, hipster, friendly, comfortable, stylish, all without being snobby. Most unique coffeehouse/cafe ever.
3	Let me preface this review by saying that I am not a coffee person. I would like to be a coffee person, but whenever I drink coffee I experience unfortunate side effects like running as fast as I can and spinning around in wheelie chairs. So when I go to a coffee house, I get the chai, review off that, and ask any accomplices I may have brought what they thought of the coffee. This time I brought my mom, and she said the coffee was "very smooth." Whatever that means.The chai, on the other hand, was "very bland" by my own standards. It was not spicy or sweet, and possibly a little bitter (what? How can chai be bitter? I don't know...). The other teas are good, though, and they have an nice variety to choose from. I will probably keep going and sipping tea, because the new building is just so darn cool and I would love to spend an afternoon there. The atmosphere is nice and it is a great place to meet a friend. I think I could easily relax in Lux for a couple of hours and enjoy a lovely life talk with anyone who passes by!
3	i like lux- there's something about getting my foam in the shape of a leaf that makes me giggly and feel fancy. i also think it's cool that they have a bar but other than that, i can take it or leave it. there's not enough seating and why am i going to sit ouside all year if i can't smoke? i know that's my issue but there are plenty of other coffee shops in phoenix and tempe that have impressed me with their actual drinks and atmosphere
5	Wow! Great coffee, Great Ambiance. Coming from Seattle, I always wanted for find a good coffeehouse in Phoenix and this one is the best  I have found so far! It was busy but the coffee made was perfect, the lattes are fantastic. How cool is that they have old fashioned typewriters! IT's easy to get to and lots of parking. The food was a little bit on the pricier side but really yummy. Will definitely be a go to place! They also serve freshly made cocktails , got to try those one of these days.
2	This place was not a favorite of mine.  I was hoping this was going to be a great coffee joint.  It looked promising.   There was a line, a long line,  which shows that Phoenix is desperate for a place like this.  They had a good selection of baked goods (quiche and pastries).  They have other items to order, but, according to the person taking our order, the menu changes and they did have one to look at.  She had to tell us what else there was to order.  This takes time and holds up the already long line.  If I was just stopping in and did not know to ask, I would not have ordered anything.  I ordered a mocha, the quiche and a scone.  They offered to heat up my quiche... mistake and I will get to that. The place to pay, pick up and fix up your coffee were in the same 5 or 6 foot square and with a line this long it got crowded quickly.  The other thing was that if you were not paying close attention you could miss you order.  They put the order out and call your name and that was it.  You then had to look over several drinks that look the same trying to sort out which is yours. My coffee came out quickly.  Then my scone a few minutes later... not sure why it took so long to get a baked good from a plate to the counter.  My quiche was warming and took much too long. I was with my wife's cousin and his made to order breakfast came out just as quick as my scone and the quiche was almost 10 minutes later, it was only luke warm.The scone (lemon poppy seed) was a little bland.  The quiche was... well see above and was only so-so.  The coffee was fine, but nothing special.  They want you to bus your dishes, but don't label the place to put the dishes. They had a DJ for on a Friday morning was a bit much.  The music was also too loud for a morning coffee joint.  I should not have to tell a DJ to turn the music down at a coffee joint in the morning.  This was a place where people were working, reading and socializing... it is not a night club, even if it was jazz.Another thing about the line... I actually saw several small groups leave after waiting too long.The people who started Lux saw potential, but I don't think they know how to run a coffee shop.  Unfortunately this is the only true game in town and people are going to put up with this until someone opens the competition.
5	I am In Love with Lux. They have everything I have ever wanted in a coffee shop. Good coffee, great homemade pastries and food, desks to study, comfy chairs to relax in, open and airy atmosphere, friendly employees, clean bathrooms, indoor and outdoor seating, spacious parking lot, great music playing and a huge tv with sports. Holy crap, that pretty much satisfies everyone. AND they serve booze! I mean, jeez. How can you not love it here?Ps, it's a great place for a first date.
4	Lux is the hipster spot for sure. I am glad a friend suggested this place, only because I was happy to go to a cool place in Phoenix. This place looks cool and the baked goods look amazing! Unfortunately, it was so busy that by the time I got to see what they had to offer, I had to order right away. I didn't have a chance to decide, since most of the stuff is right before the register. The line was enormous and therefore, hid the items up for choosing. It's a spot where you must be a regular in order to know what to get. The chai was good and the quiche that I had was also tasty, but pretty small and not filling. I was still hungry after I ate it and didn't want to wait in line again. Overall, this place is really cool, but I don't feel like I got the full experience, since we were heading back to CA shortly after out visit to Lux. Maybe next time.
5	I die!I am so excited to have this gem of a place here in Phoenix.  From the eclectic vibe, fresh food choices, and delicious chai tea lattes, this place is my favorite wind down spot.  Love the extended hours and it makes a great late night hang out spot, when almost everything in Phoenix is closed.I had the special mac and cheese smothered with cheese, jalapenos and slices of crispy bacon.  delicious!
4	Have been going to the old location and just checked out the new place (right next door) a couple days back. Definite improvement. The problem with the old location was size and that has definitely been resolved with the new place having tons of tables and good elbow room. The coffee is good and the whole place has a great "roasting" aroma. I could even see some beans being attended to in a side room. The wi-fi is free and this is a great answer to those who are sick of the other chain places. The only issue I noticed was that it can get a little cramped at the counter, where the orders are taken and drinks delivered several minutes later. Not a real issue - just needs a little adjustments.
4	I love Lux. The new venue is great because there is a lot more room. The only problem is that it's still not enough. This place used to be a great place to just hang and spend the morning on a weekend or weekday. Now it's over crowded and doesn't have that neighborhood feel anymore. Some of the staff is super friendly while others have attitudes. The coffee is impeccable and the food is delicious. That first sip of my soy hazelnut latte is always the most delicious and compares to no other coffee. This is what keeps me coming back. If you want to sit for a while, make sure you arrive at the right time. And keep in mind the right time is never the same time. You pretty much have to get lucky to find a good spot. I've started getting my coffee to go. Also, they don't open until 7AM. This is when my shift starts, so I can no longer go before work. A great remedy for this was to buy Lux beans and to brew my coffee in a French press each morning. I'm definitely not complaining about the quality. It's still delicious. I try to make a visit to Lux at least once a week and will continue to do so....
5	I am amazed at the new Lux, which will more than likely come to be my favorite hangout. I went there with a couple of friends last night, and we plan on going back every Sunday night! What I love...- Huge space, with numerous rooms - yet it still manages to maintain a cozy atmosphere.  Feels like you're hanging out at some cool friend's house. -They play Etta James! - Excellent chai. Excellent coffe. And the enormous cups & saucers are fun.- Sublime dessert... mmm! I love their protein bar - I can't even finish the whole thing.- Creative, fun decor.- They serve dinner (braised escarole! OMG!). - Ample seating - various table/chair/sofa configurations.- Not your "Average Joe", run-of-the-mill customers. Good place for people-watching (which, as an ex-NYer, I miss very much). Chummy atmosphere; a charming, older couple sitting next to us, for example, were raving about their dinner, and one of them insisted that my friend try a bite of her pork loin. Easy to talk to strangers here.- A positive, uplifting vibe.
5	I've been going to Lux for years.  It's always been #1.  It is terrrribly, painfully hip, but somehow it isn't uncomfortable there, and there really isn't a snide vibe that I have detected in my billion visits (oh and I would have).  I stopped going for a while prior to the big move because it was constantly packed, with lines out the door and internet speed that was reminiscent of mid-90s dial-up.  I rediscovered how much I liked making french-pressed coffee at home.I've been around, coffee-wise, and Lux is always the best.  In fact, I'm so used to Lux, that when I get a crappy drink somewhere else, I assume that something out of the ordinary has happened, because it is so bad.  Repeat visits to offending spots (Lola, Lucy's) has confirmed that, no, they didn't make a mistake - they just suck.  Also, Lux's whipped cream is TO DIE.  I don't even like whipped cream, but you should see what happens when they forget to add it.
5	Hands down the hippest coffee shop in Phoenix. With the recent expansion - it's HUGE now - there's tons of space to spread out, read the paper, work on your laptop, or simply enjoying amazing coffee, teas, cocktails and food with friends. I spend a lot of time here during the day and it's got everything right. Always great music, fast wi-fi, I love the $2 hibiscus iced tea, the pastries and now the drinks! It's a wonderful urban feel and such a breath of fresh air for the Valley.
4	These reviews are great, so mine is short.The best coffee in Phoenix. Very good pastries and other food. The wine bar people get annoying when I'm having a study night. It gets too busy sometimes, which is a mixed blessing. Seating is either very comfortable or it hurts my back. Ambience is nearly perfect, except for the wine bar people. The music is very good. If it's too busy, I'll go to Lola or Copper Star. You can easily spend $10 on a latte and pastry, so it's a bit expensive.
5	I had been to Lux a few times when they were located right next to Pena Bianco.  Had to see the new place just a building over but a whole lot more space.  The scene is great, plenty of seating inside and out.  The breakfast kieshes are deliscious and the menu is always changing.  Great coffee or if your into Smoothies they have them too.  Also if you wanted to come back later in the day they have a full bar in the back corner!  Its hard to beat Lux!
4	I was just told they stop serving coffee at 10pm, not good, I am sorry it makes no sense to me I am curious how long the policy will last.  I love the coffee and the atmosphere
5	The best feature about Lux is the ambiance, 'feels like home".  On my first visit to Lux I had a Velvet, I drank that one and ordered one to go!!!!  Been drinking them ever since.  The baked goods are amazing.  I have never had a meal that I did not enjoy!!!
4	I went back to Lux the other day and sat at the bar. I told the bartender I didn't want soda and I didn't want alcohol. He made me this amazing concoction of lemonade, a fresh lemon, cherry flavoring, and fresh mint. It was delicious! I told him he should put it on the menu. You should go order one so he will actually do it.Also the fact that I was doing my college homework at a bar made me laugh, but they said they're used to it and all the med students come there to do homework and drink.
4	iced dirty chai, comes out to 5 dollars even (medium size). It was good, i think i read that they make the chai by scratch, so no concentrate. thats a bonus. I really like this place, but its a little far to be my local coffee shop. I really like the decor (not sure what it would be called), but the place is a little confusing at first. I saw the sign/billboard, but only saw the italian restaurant. Thankfully i wandered the correct direction. I walked in and the entrance is actually the side of the shop (if there is another oops). i was a little confused but made my way through, knowing i was in the correct location because everyone had coffee cups, iced and hot. I found the "menu" on a glass written with liquid chalk (love it). and pastries all over! The pastry choices were plentiful, finding where to order a little difficult, because it looked like it was part of the pastry "display table". i'd come back i like the atmosphere a lot + it's next to slippery pig bike shop!
4	Depends what you're looking for, but Lux is killing it.  They attract alot of people!  Coffee is good.  Its a little busy for me... food, pastries, wine, beer, big screen tv.  Not really my ideal coffee shop.  However, the patio SUCKS. Its pitiful, and a bummer when the weather is nice.
5	The best coffee cafe I've ever been to, ever.  I love this place.  The decor and ambiance is top notch.  The food is good and breakfast comes out quickly.  All the different areas are unique and one has a projection screen.  Fresh squeezed juice is a nice touch.  Serves alcohol.  I could go on and on and on but I'd give Lux six stars if I could; and this is saying a lot considering that I have an east coast bias.  Lux would kick the ass of any of the hipster coffee shops in Manhattan or Williamsburg any day.
5	Another gem in this concrete desert-within-a-desert. Trumps Lola on seating/chilling space, although the coffee is not clearly better (or worse). P.S. (to the management): I'm not sure that the coffee bar is the best place for having emotionally charged job-performance conversations with your employees. Not that it really bothered me personally, I just felt bad for the dude getting called out in public.
5	I LOVE LUX! I spend every weekend drinking the weirdest, but most amazing, drink combination in the world--a caffe latte and a bloody mary. Jake makes THE BEST bloody marys I've ever had. Exceptional service, food/drink/coffee quality, price and atmosphere. I couldn't ask for more from the coffee shop down the street from my apt. It's my home away from home--I don't know where I would spend my weekend mornings (which always end up turning into the evening!) w/o lux!And I used to HATE bloody marys!!!!! Bacon as a garnish?? Pure genius. You get nothing but the best from Lux EVERY time. Everyone I take there is blown away. It's just a pure gem.
5	WOW.  That's all that I can say.  I've never been here before despite living reasonably close, and when a friend suggested it I jumped at the chance to try it after the reviews on here.  I'll be honest and say that I'm not a huge coffee person....well, I am huge (tall), but I stick to energy drinks for the most part (less scarring of my tongue from boiling hot temperatures).I had a black and white latte here and it was ridiculously delicious.I'll definitely be back!
3	Food - 5-starVibe - 6-starDrinks - 5 starConcept - 10 starTypewriters as decor - 10 starsThe wait in line and fighting to find a seat to eat blows and Lux, you can do better.  Fellow Yelppers there is a line for a reason....it's mostly because the food is awesome but it's also because the set up is probably the most inefficient set up you could have.  This is a popular joint and if you have all the time in the world by all means....give Lux a shot.  However, if you only have 1.5 hours to kill for breakfast head here.Lux, do your fans a favor and give us table service.  Don't make us wait in a 20 min line for a coffee refill.  I did not mind the wait on day 1 because you were new to me and your space is interesting. However, after 5 solid days of coming back for your crack I began to resent how much time I was wasting on my vacation.  I also had plenty of time to think of ways you could do crowd management differently.  I loved your DJ.
4	I heard this is a recruiting station for those homely American Apparel models.I heard they charge a cover if you don't bring a Mac.All clientele jokes aside, this really is a place where an average Joe like myself can grab, well, an above-average cup of Joe. And more. This place has some apparently good eats, baked goods (some of which are vegan!), amazing teas, and a groovy beer selection.I opted for an "Earl Greyer", because good black tea owns. This stuff was dank! The barista took the tiny pouch out of a can, and I could smell the bergamot from pretty far away. "Let it steep" he said, giving me about five minutes to scour Lux for this review. Here are some observations:-I have excellent vision, but the menus printed on two windows were admittedly a pain to read. Sure you don't want to have some in print?-The area to order and the area to wait seemed to be the same place. There is no clear line, but more of an amorphous bunch of people eager for service.-The layout appears to encourage openness. Too bad most people are too busy typing away to enjoy what could really be a bustling social scene. Come on, there's amazing goodies, great music (I swear I heard some Band of Horses), and a bar. Live it up a little people!-While the cooks were having a great time, I don't think my barista cracked a smile at any point. You have a great job. Enjoy it! Overall, I just have some minor beef with Lux's interior. A haphazard design that can easily confuse newcomers appears to be an avenue of pretentiousness rather than a chance to showcase aesthetics. But I'll stop nitpicking, I like this place a lot. Can't wait to try more!
4	Hipster hangout you can drag the kids along and not feel bad about it.The place is setup like a house and the first time you go it is for sure confusing.  Do I sit down or go to the counter or bar or what.. Its kind of a free for all.  I have been a few times and still feel a little awkward when I walk in.  The hot chocolate is great and the egg sandwich tasty.  The mac and cheese for evening is also really good.  The service is ok, but not overly helpful or friendly.The place is dripping with kids too cool for school, businessmen, and families... so a great spot to hit up if you are in downtown phx
5	I had tried several times to patronize Lux but the decibel level always exceeded my tolerance.  I had written it off for just being too loud, until I had a meeting there the other day.  The new, improved, Lux on Steroids is wonderful, with enough nooks, crannies, and side rooms to allow you to adjust the volume to your eardrums' delight.I am definitely returning, and since this last time was way too early for an adult beverage, am scheduling my visit so that I can try an adult beverage using those homemade sweet preserved lemons the bartender was telling me about...and that will be very soon!
5	A fantastic spot to land on a night when you can't seem to focus on getting that assignment done. Lots of little places to hide and be productive... with a great soundtrack to go along with it. I don't know, this place just makes me happy :)Thank you always being my late night study buddy - Love you, Lux xoxoxo
4	I was impressed but did visit this place mid-day on a Thursday so it wasn't busy.  I was really hoping they would decorate my froth...I know, I know...shallow but these extra little touches lend to the experience.  Hence, only 4 stars.  I'll be back for more.
5	I LOVE Lux. I know- parking can sometimes be a bear, it's usually pretty crowded, and the ordering line can be somewhat chaotic. But I just LOVE it! The coffee is the best in Phoenix, food is great, atmosphere is artsy and energizing, the new building has tons of room to do work or sit down with a friend... I bring all my out of towners here and they always love it. I brought my Italian cousin to Lux during his first trip to America (he was doing a cross-country road trip and Phoenix was the last stop). He said that it was the best cafe in America and wanted to replicate it in Italy. Lux, I love you. Don't ever leave. Ever.
5	This place is ultra cool. Mis-matched mid century modern furniture. Brick walls, exposed unfinished ceiling ( you see air ducts and stuff) and lots of art.Great people watching place as you have students, professionals, artist, all ages, all ethnicities come together in this hipster joint.Coffee is great, the dutch pancake that they serve on weekends - AMAZING. I don't believe they have an obvious sign in front so just look for the building next to Pane Bianco.Oh and this place converts into a bar at night.  Moscow Mules in copper cups anyone ?
4	I went back to Lux last night and was extremely impressed with their new place. It looks great, the food menu looks great (something I really need to try in the future), and the pastries looked even better than they did last time I was there. The guys behind the counter were funny, friendly, and made us feel comfortable while waiting for our coffee. The lattes were smooth, rich, and flavorful without the acidity that can really ruin a good latte. I can't wait to come here to try some pastries and a meal....
5	If I was a local, this would be my spot. We sat out on the patio next door with our caps and could not have been happier!
4	I was worried that the "new" Lux would not be as chill as the "old" Lux.  I was silly.  Although the lines to order can sometimes be long, the team does a pretty good job of managing it.  The pastries look amazing.  I LOVE the typewriters!  Lux offers plenty of food and drink options, and is right on the light rail.  It's conveniently located near the shop where I take my bike for service, so I while away the time @ Lux while waiting for my latest bikey upgrade to be completed.  I'm always whipping out my phone to use my Sound Hound app, because the music is really excellent.
5	I am still giving this place 5 stars, as they absolutely deserve it. However, my one beef is that, while the music is great, it's just too loud for getting work done. Trying to listen to my own music via headphones doesn't work at all, unless I crank it LOUD (which is hardly conducive to getting work done either). Please Lux, can you tone it down a little? At least during working hours?
5	This is one of the best places in the US. Seriously- they have the best everything- try the iced coffee just to start! Their breakfast is amazing too. The lines that form for this place look like the iPhone 4 release at an Apple store- but the employees always keep their cool.
4	Great coffee! The outdoor seating and coffee was a perfect way to end a Arizona vacation.  It was crowded on the Sunday afternoon we went, but there is plenty of seating and a variety of rooms and couches to sit on.  The food looked good too.
4	Great food, culture, and atmosphere.  Great mixologists as well.
5	We were visiting Phoenix and found Lux on Yelp, and we were glad we did. Traveling with two kids isn't always easy, but Lux had many wonderful and tasty choices for all of us. The service was wonderful even though they were crowded both days we went. During both visits we had: coffee, hot chocolate, and fresh squeezed o.j. all were very tasty. As for food, butter croissant, cheese croissant, chocolate croissant ( see a pattern here?), coffee cake, quiche, savory Dutch pancake (amazing!), and biscuits with gravy. Each item was perfect, exactly as it should be.Cannot recommend Lux enough.
5	Wow! My favorite people took me here knowing I would love it! Hey- this place has the ambience of Seattle. And the coffee to rival It. So when I am homesick.... This is the place! Lux ROCKS!
5	Seriously? The person that runs this place is genius. I must find a way to copy your entire idea and move it to a beach for myself. I thought I walked into my own dream when I came in here. I haven't been to Lux in about 1.5 years and since then it has moved into the building next to the old one, tripled in size and is the most delicious, eclectic coffee experience I could ask for. Looking for fresh hand roasted coffee on site, check! Fresh made unique pastries, check! Fresh, gourmet-like food, check! Handmade from fresh (and I mean FRESH squeezed juice) mimosas, check! I can go on....I could not ask for a better place to be a part of my life. Thank you heaven for waiting for me to find you.
5	This is one super cool cafe/lounge.  They serve coffee, cocktails, and some quick bites that can go along great with your drinks.  There are several rooms you can choose from to sit and relax.  Art decor surrounds this stylish joint and just had a great time here sipping on coffee and chatting with a friend who recommended this coffee shop to me.  I noticed a younger adult crowd here but it doesn't matter.  Wi-Fi friendly, too!
5	Lux. You rock! My friend Michael describes Lux as being "an experience". Here is the skinny, it is the coolest coffee shop I have ever been to, so I would say that Lux is an excellent experience!  It was almost a week ago that my friend Jess took me to Lux and I am still geeking out over it.  I loved my coffee, my berry cornmeal muffin, the chocolate chip cookie (with salt on top) that my neighbor let me try, the drink selection, the ambiance, the DJ in the corner playing the cool music, etc. etc. Groovy things about Lux--  You will love it the minute you walk in. I don't believe in love at first sight... but love at first entrance to Lux?  It happened.  They roast amazing coffees. So a good old- fashioned cup of coffee tastes Delicious. How much is that big beautiful cafe going to cost you?  $2. Are there free refills?  YES!  That is off the rocker cool!!  I have a local favorite coffee shop in Tucson and are my refills free?  Nope. The selection of quality coffee drinks and breakfast treats is still on my mind.  I also am thrilled that they offer soy milk, almond milk and organic milk.  Almond milk is my milk of choice. I wish every coffee shop had almond milk.  I'm so over soy.  So if I was to have an iced chai at Lux, I could pay an extra .50 and have my almond milk.Next time I am at Lux, which will be on my next Phoenix trip... I am having one of those iced mochas that I saw so many peeps drinking.  They put a dollop of cream in the mochas... I can't wait to have my own!  Cannot get over how rad Lux is!
5	I really enjoyed Lux before they moved into their new space, but I REALLY LOVE it now that they have moved. There is more space to study, meet a friend for coffee or just grab a seat to catch up on reading. The ambiance is great and I really love that there are a variety of places to sit. I usually grab a lemonade or an Americano. The lemonade is tart and fresh, but with one packet of sugar... it is PERFECT. The Americanos are strong and taste delicious. I have been coming here to study lately and there is a room in the back that is usually on the more quiet side. This place also has the best tasting vegan cinnamon sugar donut that I have ever had! True, I have never had a vegan donut before, but this one is fab. If you are looking to have an adult beverage, they have that too and third Thursdays seem to be more of a social crowd.
5	I went to this place for 3 days straight while I was in town a couple of months ago, and this has to be one of the best coffeehouses I've ever been to for sitting down and getting work done. There was plenty of room, both couch-style and worktable-style. Their kitchen was completely in the open, and they made a great strawberry salad with cheese and they had fresh quiche everyday. Lastly the music was perfect enough that there were tracks I recognized and some I didn't. I'm looking forward to spending some hours here next time I visit Phoenix.
3	What I like best about Lux is the excellent coffee and great music/DJ.  I used to enjoy the interesting and happy, laid back crowd of people that tended to flock to Lux to sip a coffee while working on their laptops or chatting for a while over a dessert.  For some reason- is it the larger meals?  the alcohol?  the bigger more comfortable seats?  the typewriters?  the extra bathroom?- the new Lux draws a totally different demographic... mostly over 40 and under 5.  Think yoga pants or church dresses... with a bunch of poorly behaved kids yelling "Mom, Mom, Mom, Mom.... DAD!", running, and twirling around in a crowded space with adults carrying full-to-the brim coffee cups.  Or worse, the screaming infants of hipster (or used to be) parents who can't let go... they honestly think they can remain cool by sitting on the couch sipping Velvets while the entire place is subjected to their bawling infants whom they expect everyone to find adorable.  Really??!It IS mildly entertaining to watch the interaction between the burgeoning "family"/senior citizen/Christian Sunday morning crowd ("Liam, sit down, honey.  Liam, Liam, Liam... stop that, Liam.  Stop licking the nice lady's scone.... it's not yours. LIAM!") with the fit, handsome gay men, the brilliantly overweight and pierced/tattooed lesbians, pseudo business people, and liberal graduate students.  Younger/trendy crowd seems to get drinks to go now.  Those who stay are ogled by mid lifers who want to know all about your computer or your cell phone and have no qualms about interrupting your work for a free tech lesson.  You also run the risk of toddlers sipping from your straw if your drink is left on the table.  Or maybe you will enjoy being pushed out of the way by a 40 year old woman in yoga pants who simply MUST get her iced mocha right this second?  If not, you may want to get that coffee to go... quickly!  The Sunday DJ is amazing.  His music could be my "church".  So, it was sad that today I could only hear toddlers, soccer moms, etc. yelling over the music about nothing of importance or interest.  :-(Lastly, the internet connection comes and goes, mostly goes.  I have to tether with my cell phone because the wifi drops every hour or so.
3	A very hip place. Always crowded. I enjoy the scene. I am not so sure about the new location. It is nice but the cozy vibe has dissipated. They do serve alcohol now but have a very limited (and strange) selection of beers. Cans of Pabst Blue Ribbon. No imports. Strange selection. I would have given the old location a 4/5 star but it just does not feel the same.
5	I just love Lux. It is one of those places that is an iconoclastic phoenix gem. The wonderful teas, coffees, yummy eats, fabulous music and eclectic crowd make it this the best spot in town. I do wish they did a few more gluten free treats :)
5	I went to high school in the semi-neighborhood in the late 90s (damn, when did I get old?), and if my memory serves me correctly, Lux was actually open then. It was very hip, actually too hip for me, as I found the servers and the atmosphere very cold and unwelcoming...maybe even mean. Well, a lot of time passed, Lux changed buildings I think, and I was hearing great things about it from Claire F, who still lives in Phoenix. So ~12 years later, I gave it another try, and this time, it totally wowed me. It's still hip. Like super hip. But this time, everyone is friendly enough to make you feel really welcome. The furniture and decor are really eclectic and thrift-store cool. The crowd is pretty varied - on a Saturday night there were a few people too young to sit at the bar, mostly 25-35s, and a few 50+ sitting eating or reading or working on their laptops.My favorite part of Lux is that it has a little section devoted to everything: a to-go counter for the bakery items; a more 'restaurant-y' area with bigger tables for ordering off the full dinner menu which varies nightly; a bar area where you can sit at the bar and converse with the bartenders or at smaller cocktail tables; a back room where you can watch a movie or chat; and a quiet room which has no music so you can utilize the free wifi.We didn't eat dinner, but the menu looked interesting - the special that night was some kind of steak with veggies. We did have desserts (awesome, especially the salted chocolate chip cookie) and drinks (excellent beer list, and 'collaborative' cocktails. Seriously, you just talk to the bartender about what you like).To top it all off, the walls are filled with the work of local artists, they have a big patio on Central (near the light rail!) and it's located next to Pane Bianco.If you think you're not cool enough to hang out here, you're not. But they won't hold it against you.
5	You'll think you're in Silver Lake, not Phoenix.  Everything about it is cool - the DJ was so good I got his card - and the vibe was just perfect for a Sunday morning.  People chillin' here and there, keeping to themselves mostly, just the way it should be.  And I didn't even get to the food:  you must order the pancake thingy.  An A+ find.
4	I am horribly insensitive.  I've been loving Lux for over a decade and never wrote a review?!@?Anyway, it changed hands and even changed locations [across the walkway] a few months ago.  The coffee, while no longer the best this side of Flagstaff is still really good and the home made whipped cream is always delicious.A prior reviewer lamented that it turned its back to the street and is now open only to the rear parking lot.  In Phoenix-speak that is a betrayal of right-thinking anti-sprawlism. I agree.  Maybe a small point, maybe not.It has a menu now!  The food keeps to the same standards as the pastries and beverages, which probably explains why there's almost always a line at the counter and rarely a 4-top available.One thing this place has always had is a distinct personality, which changes in a big way with new ownership and many little ways with staff.  I've always loved that about it.
5	I can't even begin to tell you all how addicted to LUX I am. I wish I lived closer BUT I'm also glad I don't because if I did, I'd be there everyday and eventually I'd go bankrupt. Yes, death to checking account by LUX. My next novel...The service is always super and the interior is absolutely beautiful. I like beautiful things. I've taken many photos here over our visits (4 times in less than 2 weeks) and posted them via my blog and anywhere else I can show off my delicious brunching events.  Even when they are super slammed busy on a sat or sun morning they have a routine down to where your wait in line is never awful, we somehow always find somewhere to sit (even with a party of four), and the food/drink is out super quick. That being said, just because the food is delivered quickly doesn't mean its sub-par. It's ANYTHING but that. Every time my man and I go we order the Veggie Egg  Bake, which is different every weekend, and the steel cut oatmeal. The Veggie Egg Bake is the perfect savory meal to accompany our sweet oatmeal! I seriously have dreams about our trips there. We always order iced soy lattes and add a fun touch with a colorful straw.You need to go here.
4	Great food and pastries. Coffee is nothing to write home about (despite being roasted on-site.) Great atmosphere with plenty of outdoor seating if the inside gets a little busy. There may be a place like this on every gentrified street corner of SF and Seattle, but there are few, if any, places like Lux in PHX.
3	It's a quirky coffee house that serves good food and coffee. The service was good, but the ambience is geared towards starving students or supposed "free-thinking" types. I'm a published fiction writer and would not consider working on my craft in this coffee house, too much of a distraction. I have no problem coming back here for their coffee as I'm passing through, I just wouldn't enjoy my drink there.
4	Super relaxed place...Framboise for $7 - sweet and the sweet dutch pancake was tasty!  Loved that the music played homage to the Beastie Boys today...nice touch!
3	A group of us went here after lunch (Sunday, 6/3) - we only ordered coffee drinks.  The drinks were good and the baked goods looked amazing. We also liked the atmosphere.  Too bad we all left with the same comment - The young girl taking our order was down right rude.  She was unfriendly in an almost condescending way.  I might go here again to sample some of the food but if I have a similar experience - i won't go back.  There are plenty of other places uptown where the service is friendly and appreciative.
5	I need to stop going here so much, but it's hard to stay away.
5	Free WiFi and the best coffee in town -what more can you ask for. How about awesome music, cool vibes and delicious food. I had an egg sammy the other day that was to die for. Their pastries are wonderful, always fresh and delicious and the bartenders try and hip us to what mixology is all about. From old school hippies to modern hipsters the people watching here can't be beat. This is my favorite spot in Cen-Pho day or night to grab a drink and escape the heat.
5	I used to be hater. I admit it. The skinny jean wearing, mac using vibe used to irk me in ways that I thought only a mosquito could. I would drop in, get every drink to-go and get the heck out of there as quickly as possible. Loud music, fauxhawks, etc... SIGH. Oh Lux. You're new space is sublime. There is enough space where I can find a cozy corner, turn on my work laptop, drink coffee, have the 2 egg breakfast with tomato and veggie hash (I opt for the tomatoes instead of bacon. AND. I love bacon, so i think that's saying something about how stinkin' good those tomatoes are).... Where was I? Oh yes, have my work computer on... so Office Communicator is running... ;) ... and I can enjoy breakfast (which frequently turns into brunch) and read the paper, a magazine, a book, make travel plans, etc. LOVE it. Also for you futbol fans (that's soccer to you english speaking folks), they will happily play your Barcelona should-be champions, on the big screen in the back room- all you gotta do is ask. ***Speakeasy bar area. The mixologist takes some serious time and consideration for each adult beverage I've ever had there or seen him make. Delicious bloody mary's, GREAT beer selection (New Beligum Cocoa Mole!), etc. etc. etc. I feel that I can't run out of good things to say about this place. If you were a hater like I was, go back and try it again. You'll find the new vibe is much more welcoming... OR maybe I've adapted :)
3	I usually feel a little uncomfortable walking in to Lux. Maybe its the way everyone momentarily glances up at you from their screens or their conversations when you walk in, seemingly sizing you up. Maybe its how free-form the space is, so that you're not sure where to stand when deciding on your order and you feel like you are in other peoples' way. Or maybe its the fact that almost all of the cozy, quiet spots are already taken when I go there, which results in wandering around awkwardly, coffee in hand, in search of a decent spot. I just can't focus on enjoying a cup of coffee when I feel so self-conscious.One fantastic thing that I will say is that their cappucino art is amazing, although you may not get it based on who your barista is. One time they did some art on my hot cocoa, making it the best hot cocoa that I've ever had. And their pastries are pretty good too, although they can be hit or miss and sometimes I think I could make better cookies at home. I love the constantly changing artwork adorning the walls. I REALLY want to like Lux more than I do. Maybe I need to go at a less busy time (I have only gone in the afternoon or at night, never in the morning). I will give it another chance.
5	Lux has always meant a most excellent experience. Jumping from pure coffee shop to a space with the same 'flavor' that is also hang out comfy with food was done well. If you haven't been there once or twice you really should go. My favorites are the egg breakfast after soccer in the winter and dinner whenever, just because. People watching is always in season. My thanks go to the entire crew. Well done. See you soon.
5	One of my favorite hangouts in Phoenix and great coffee. It's a bit strong. Their made in house whip cream is unreal. Huge tea selection and their breakfast foods are yums. Open late, huge space, awesome vibe, friendly employees.
1	bad service, the bar tenders are assoles here.they think they are better than the costumers , , they are rude and don't care about you only for tips.  i should never leave San Francisco, this is Phoenix not L.A. . i seen better places.
4	Super busy, but not in a bad way. Awesome vibe. An eclectic mix of people congregating, working, relaxing. Great drinks. Bartender seemed very much accustom to their drink menu only, though. Went in the afternoon. Curious to see it at night.
5	The pancakes are amazing. Iced soy coffee and the sweet berry pancake is my new favorite breakfast! (See pics).
5	Lux is a great place for coffee, bakery items, bites, and even cocktails if the occasion permits. The people are friendly, and it has a great atmosphere.I love coming here in the afternoon for a cup of their Americano, which is pretty damn top-notch. As I don't live in AZ, if I'm going to be away for an extended period of time, I'm always sure to take a bag of their freshly-roasted coffee beans from wherever with me.I was there last week on a Sunday afternoon having some darn good mimosas with a friend, and it wasn't too crowded.The only downside I've experienced is it can be a bit confusing where to order for food and cocktails during the day.If you go for the first time, don't be shy. Grab a cup of coffee and explore. As one of the earlier reviewers mentioned, you might get looks walking in like you shouldn't be there. Maybe it's your hair. Maybe you're displaying something that's not eco-friendly. Whatever, dude. Be brave, press on. It's worth it.
4	Don't get the cookies. That's my main advice. I have been going to Lux quite frequently since they moved to their new location. I love the layout, the decor, the staff, the coffee and bar drinks, their baked goods - at least I did until I tried the cookies. They were not cheap ($1 a piece and not particularly large), but I believe in spending a bit more for small business's sake and good quality. That's why I was so disappointed. The coconut macaroons were so hard that they completely crumbled when biting into them. I am still not sure if they were just old or just poorly made. The pistachio divinity on the other hand so sweet that even I, who has never met a carbohydrate she has not liked, could not eat them. I picked out the pistachios and threw the rest away. I still love Lux and I will be back - I just won't get the cookies.
5	Ah, Lux. I can't say enough good things about this place. - best espresso/coffee. ever. and still (a bit) cheaper than starbucks.- homemade whipped cream that will BLOW YOUR MIND.- yummy baked goods. many vegan choices if that's your thang.- wonderful bar with quality alcohol.- wifi- both indoor & outdoor seating- friendly (and very attractive) employeesLux has been fulfilling my caffeine needs for a long, long time now and I love it more each time I visit. The decor is amazing. A marriage of Anthropologie and DIY modern homestyle. In fact, I'd live here if I could.I haven't actually been for dinner... I've seen the portion sizes and I can't bring myself to spend that much money for so little food (and there's a lack of vegetarian options sometimes -- I prefer more than just salad) but if I felt like treating myself or went for date night I'd happily give my money to this establishment. Perfect for a study session. Perfect for catching up with friends. Perfect for a casual date. And it's also a great place to take visitors from out of town - true AZ local experience located in the heart of the city.
4	I am not a coffee drinker but LOVE the pomegranate green tea. I am here about twice a week for meetings. Haven't made it for cocktails yet. I give it a 4 because it is always a cluster to order.
4	I don't drink coffee but my husband said it was great.  I had a breakfast sandwich that was pretty good and my husband had a blueberry muffin.  I like the idea behind the seating and cafe but it was easy to feel like an outsider.  I would like to go back again and try some of their other baked goods that looked delicious.
5	Went here for a friends birthday! It was pretty casual and a really cool place. They have awesome Jalapeno and Bacon Mac & Cheese! Their lattes were really great too!
5	There is nothing at Lux that you will not enjoy. I've had one of the best steaks of my life there at dinner and the baked treats are some of the best I've ever had. Everything is homemade and the sweets aren't too sweet which is why I love them!The atmosphere is very hip and laid back with lots of rooms with tables making this a great place to get some work done. Just be prepared for a crowd! This place is THAT good!
5	have jake create you a drink at the bar. i promise you won't regret it.
5	Have been Lux several times now and each time our experience has been consistently the same....fantastic!!!  Their chai latte and coffee are great.  Their baked goods are tasty.  The service is friendly and energetic.  The only downside...lots of others apparently think the same SO it's crowded.  Expect to wait during peak times and it is crowded!
4	Great stop for a fast breakfast - the hubs had the puffed pancake with fruit on top (I LOVED how much fruit they loaded on it - and I got to eat it all because hubs doesn't like fruit so much). I got the oatmeal and a pastry - so good! The price was reasonable and I loved that it was all fresh and the flea market vibe the decor and seating offered. Free wi-fi is a bonus too!
5	Could this place be anymore fantastic!? They have better coffee than any coffee bar I have been to..including *GASP*...STARBUCKS!!! They have alcohal and food. Their drinks are made perfectly! I love being able to enjoy a drink while studying. Their food is great too! I LOVE their mac and cheese! its only $5 but tastes like a million bucks! Im kinda obsessed with this place, i go here about 3 to 4 times a week.p.s. they are the only place I been to besides an organic farmers market that carries KOMBUCHA with the seeds!. long story, short: GO TO LUX!
5	Ahhh, the aroma of coffee and house-roasted bean. Iced coffee. Lattess. Pastries. Breakfast sandwiches. Yum. I wished this place was in the Bay Area. Seriously, there are amazing coffee places (Philz, Blue Bottle, Catahoula, Farleys), but the pastries and baked good there are lacking. Then there are great, awesome, wonderful bakeries (La Farine, Tartine), with meaty-oger coffee. This place is wonderful and derserves 5-stars because they have the AMAZING coffee with house-roasted beans AND AMAZING pastries and sweet treats. There is also other 'real' dinner type food and wine, but alas, I didn't have the time on my short trip to try those menu items. If I take another trip out to Phoenix, this will be one of my first stops.
5	Espressos and cocktails. For the win how about that? Jeff is a gentleman and a scholar and has created something that Phoenix needs more of: a stylish place for hanging out and being creative. There is a hipster vibe but it's not clicky. Be comfortable with who you are and be ready to interact with other people and you will have a great time here. Wifi is good and if it seems slow try one of the other two access points. I hope to one day get the password to the internal network. Rumor has it that Jeff knows the google fibre guys and is secretly testing it out for the Phoenix area. Finally if you see a hairy guy having a blast with his wife and the bartender buy him a drink. It's the desert by the way. Hydration is important.
5	This place is truly unique, and deserves 5 stars.  I too am now obsessed with this place!  The atmosphere is like no other you will find in a Phoenix coffee bar, people will actually interact and talk with each other, read, study, work, talk, watch television. It reminds me of being in someone's cozy living room.  I absolutely recommend this place!!!
4	I went back to this place a couple years later and a LOT has changed! The atmosphere is pretty cool, we sat outside. I didn't actually eat anything, but the drinks were pretty good. I really liked it mainly for the atmosphere, but I'll have to go back and try out some food. Glad I gave them a 2nd chance. This might become our new Saturday morning spot.
5	I hit this place once or twice a week. Food and drinks are amazing. Cool place to just chill.
5	My favorite coffee place around!  It can get packed, but thankfully there are about 75 places to sit!  Lux is a great loungy atmosphere for sitting around with friends, reading a book, or having a drink drink, that's right, a drink drink!  These guys even have their alcohol serving license for those out there looking for a morning cocktail before work!!  jk  Wait until the evening at least folks!
5	This is the nicest coffe shop you'll ever find anywhere. It just feels you're chilling out at an artist's house.
4	It's a nice place to relax and chit chat with friends, or just come to enjoy a nice cup of coffee and a good book. I will definitely come back and try their latte :)
4	Love this place! Wish Phoenix  had more places like these. Lux is a chill place where I can enjoy a good cup of joe while I get lost in my book. Their quiche is scrumptious and pastries/cookies are heavenly. I brought my sister and she loved Lux! Subtracted 1 star for the parking. Space is  limited in the back
5	Got the coffee at Gallo Blanco.  Liked it.  They said the coffee was from Lux.We then went to Lux and got 3 bags of beans to take back with us.The end.
5	I love everything about this place. I feel more at home here than I do at my own place. The breakfast is good, the music's great, the coffee is amyaaaazing and I love the little hearts/hippie flowers they make with the milk. There seems to be a lot of regulars which helps to make Phoenix feel more like a small town community. There is no reason not to check out LUX!
5	Lux is the bomb, plain and simple.Amazing coffee (both drinks and beans). (My 3 favorites- Cartel, Stumptown and Lux.)Delicious food and pastries. Fun, stylish and comfy atmosphere. My family and I are frequent Lux-goers and love it just the same, every visit.
4	I had an iced americano and a cookie with jelly on it that was amazing! I liked the crowd and thought the inside looked awesome! I would definitely go back!
3	I had a good time here but that had as much to do with the company I was with for Smunch.  The coffee was good.  I had biscuits and gravy which was pretty good.  I think the best way to describe the place is organized chaos.  The place was packed on a Saturday morning which led to a lot of people milling around waiting to order or waiting for their order to come up.  For me it was a case of the place just isn't me.
5	I have to update my review. After moving downtown, Lux has become my new favorite coffee shop, breakfast spot, dessert spot and dinner spot. This place is ridiculously good. Their coffee is on spot and consistent throughout the day. Their egg sandwich is inexpensive (5$), yet super high quality. They actually make their food in *gasp* pans! No microwaves here. The egg sandwich is an over medium egg on an english muffin with cheese, bacon, and a roasted tomato. So good. Now, as good as that is, the biscuits and gravy are even better. This is what the BF gets for breakfast and what I eat off his plate when he's not looking :-P. The gravy has chunks of delicious sausage (and I don't generally care for sausage). The gravy is very well seasoned and full of flavor. Then, this week, we went to Lux for dinner. We had the bacon/jalapeno mac and cheese and the yorkshire pudding burger. The mac and cheese was creamy, spicy, salty and delicious. The burger was a knife and fork burger that had very flavorful meat (almost meatloaf ish) and a really good horseradish -y sauce. Finally, their desserts....I crave their desserts, especially their peanut butter brownie. That brownie is so awesome because it has the saltyness of the peanut butter and a rich and sweet chocolate flavor of the brownie....it's like magic. Brownies are never my first choice for a dessert....except here. This place continues to impress me and I will continue to frequent Lux at all hours of the day...
3	After over 425 reviews I don't think mine is going to make much of a dent...But here goes anyway.After several visits, and I mean several, for coffee, spirits, breakfast, lunch, and dinner I finally have a good analogy. Lux is like a really well made video game. They've thought of everything, focused on all the details. From the light fixtures to the typewriters, everything seems to have some thought put into it. And just like a really good video game, it's nearly impossible to figure out if you've never experienced it before.Make no mistake, Lux has a code, and it requires decoding. But once you crack the code, Lux shines.I cringe every time I see a newbie walk in from the streets. Where do I go for coffee? What about food? This bar looks nice, but wait it's a bar? What's in this room? What about this room over here? Am I standing in storage space now or waiting for the bathroom? The first time I came in I felt the eyes of the staff following me as I bounced from room to room, counter to counter trying to find the way.But now? Now I'm an expert and I know the best thing to do is find a seat first, drop your belongings, THEN get in line. I now know the best place to wait for your drink or lunch is not at your seat but at the counter. I now know the menu is taped to the glass wall typed in 12pt font. I am now intimately familiar with what times I can get food from the kitchen versus only baked goods. I now know I will probably move seats at least 3 times as I "upgrade" to the better seats next to outlets and with more comfortable chairs. I now know the staff really are great people but are possibly under more duress than they'll admit? Keep smiling guys!Now that I know the code, I can enjoy Lux. And enjoy it, I do! But it sure took some practice.PS Why no toddy?I'd bet that in-house roast would taste AMAZING as a cold brew.
2	Awkward set up that is messy and unorganized. It's one of those places where you are not sure what to do or where to stand or where to get your food and coffee - and they don't care. They are trying so hard to be hipster and cool that they forgot about customer service. They just need to re-think they way they operate, and I think they would rock, since the coffee is very good. The food is just average, however. My biggest complaint is that there is one dark haired short girl that works there that just seems out of it and rude. She does't look at you when you order, and then end up making you repeat yourself several times. Also - she's not very polite. Maybe I just wasn't hipster enough for her. I think most people go here b/c of the hype and to scope out others... If you don't feel like getting looked up and down while you drink your coffee, don't go here. Lola or Urban Beans are much better.
5	Very Uniquely Great!!! Very calming and friendly, I had the vanilla latte, and oh boy was that good!! Fully bold and perfect body!!! I loved the foamy top and the nice leafy design to it!! A Must try!!
5	I love lux! This place has all the things you need... Wifi, coffee, food and a bar. I have to say, their coffee is not the best I've ever had... but I give five stars because all the bartenders and fantastic and the drinks are simply fabulous. When you order a drink, it's not generic. A good amount of time and effort is put in... fresh ingredients.. drink don't just take a minute.. its a process! and well worth it. Can't think of enough good things to say!!
5	There aren't many of us out there, but I'm Luxy enough for this to be my neighborhood coffee stop.Now don't go telling people my dirty little secret; but truthfully, coffee isn't really my 'cup of tea'. You know what is my cup of tea? Tea! and Earl Grey takes top billing. Earl really knows his tea, and Lux has that too. With a few minute walk, bike, or scooter ride from my front door to Lux, the wife and I like making this a frequent stop for a hot beverage or cold, people watching, dessert, or snack outing. While here, I wouldn't be surprised to see one of the top billed Yelping regulars, out of town coffee pilgrims, or Juan Valdez himself. I'm told by my buddies and my girl the coffee here is just that good.Lux has a menu of fresh baked pastries, goodies, and other breakfasty items, like eggs, veggies, and bacon. There's also a full bar back there for those of you who venture past the coffee and pastry line. Careful though, 'cause Lux can get packed during morning, lunch and evening hours with most of the prime spots filled up already by gaggles of laptopians doing a work from "home" type of thing.Now I've not personally worked from a coffee shop before, but I sometimes wonder how much 'work' is actually getting done. Maybe people just claim to work and are really just hanging out for the uber cool ambiance or the free wifi. I think Mr. Valdez did have is iPhone out the other day trying to connect up to the Yelp app. The walls here are spotted with local artistry that is on a seemingly endless rotation. Come back in a week or so and you might find something new hanging up there. If your a light rail fan, pop off at Campbell and Central and stop on in!Happy Yelping Phoenix! It's time for today's caffeine fix.
1	I can overcome the hipster sneer and accept that I am an uncool blemish in a world full of cut-off corduroys and patterned leggings. What I cannot and will not get over is an unapologetic staff whose epic error led to me breaking 5 years of meatless eating because of an order mishap.I ordered the red pepper tomato quiche. After 20 minutes waiting for the quiche to warm in what appeared to be a 200 degree oven, I double checked to make sure my name was on the plate at the counter. When I dug in for the first bite, a wave of nausea and panic washed over my after realizing this was a piece of the bacon spinach quiche. I returned to the counter and explained that I had ordered the vegetarian quiche, and the chic who took my order asked the chic behind the counter which one she served, because she was sure she got it right. The chic in the kitchen said she put them out in the order she got them. Then they spent some time looking around in confusion and murmuring a bit,  meanwhile all the quiche had been sold. So the counter chic simply turned to me and send, "well we don't have anymore of that one."Thanks. I told her I was more upset about the fact that I had just put bacon in my mouth after 5 years of no meat than there being no more quiche. She did give me my money back, but no one apologized or offered me any recompense. I'm over you being cooler than me, but I'm not over you having no soul.
2	This place could be great if the service wasn't so rude. No one seems to care, and they never say thank you. Each time I've been here one of the little girls working at the counter has looked me up and down judgementally. The coffee was fine, but the cookie I had was wayyy too sweet for me. If you want to feel good about yourself, don't go here!
5	What a genius idea - half coffee shop / half bar! Nice place - fast, friendly service  - fancy looking cocktails (haven't tried yet) - coffee is organic and tasty.
5	I think the experience has hugely improved since they expanded. Staff are much more friendly and helpful, too.
5	After wanting to try Lux forever, I finally stopped in on a perfect Arizona Sunday Morning.  I like the set up as they have a table, covered with pastries and employees waiting to take your order.  Everyone was friendly and service was quick.  Previous reviews talk about how urban, trendy, hipster this place is.  While that might be true, I found Lux to be confortable and friendly.
5	Finally, a cup of coffee in Phoenix that IS FANTASTIC. SOO FANTASTIC. I'm thrilled! I've been trying to find something comparable to the best in SF, and almost gave up.. but thank you, Lux! Woot.
5	Amazing coffee and awesome baked pastries.  But it did not start off that way they really messed up my order and I never got my food but management took care of me and provided me with a gift card that I never asked for but appreciated it. Staff was professional and friendly it had a real nice cozy comfy feeling the art on the wall, the large flat screen with plenty of seating space and even a private spot for the Internet junkies. I highly recommend this spot daily at least I will be back.
5	Whyyyy did I come here on a Monday? Well, it was *supposed* to be to study so I can kick ass at finals... that didn't happen.I drank way too much of their delicious coffee... and the fabulous bartender convinced me to add Baileys - bad idea.So, study session goes out the window. Music + drinks =  a social gathering with fellow lushes, such as myself... and now I'm posting tipsy Yelp reviews. Thanks Lux Cafe!
1	Just read my tip, and realize the only reason to bring someone here is so they can see what happens when you have a great concept and NO IDEA how to execute properly.
5	Nice little coffee shop right here on Central. It has been here quite a while now.It has everything you could want in a Coffee Shop. Great coffe, really good Tea. Nice things to eat. They even serve alclohol.With the weather being so nice outside it is really nice to sit on Central and watch the cars go by. If you have never been here it is nice to stop in every once and a while.Nice place to pass some time!
5	So in love with Lux! Trendy doesn't quit cover it. People watching is priceless. Chill environment. Great, food coffee and wine. Mac and cheese with jalapenos and bacon is unreal! Sport (football, basketball, ect...) in the back room on a huge screen entertains my son and boyfriend so I can get some chill time in. Staff is so friendly and personable. Thoroughly impressed!
4	Found this place a few months ago through a friend. Nice, little coffee shop with a full bar as well. Coffee is VERY good. Also open later than places like Starbucks. Weekdays till 12 and weekends till 2, I believe. Prices are reasonable. Atmosphere is cozy. Lots of college students on their laptops. Lots of hipsters. Everyone generally nice and you can overhear some crazy conversations. Smoking permitted outside. Has a full bar, in-house snacks and meals. Also has a full bar. All types of people come through.It gets busy most nights (or at least nights I've been there) and the only bad thing about it is that there isn't enough seating!
4	I've been coming to Lux regularly now for about 2 years and generally really love the place! Coffee: Really pretty good. I'd been to some pretty good places back in CA, so have some pretty high standards regarding good coffee. I think Lux does a pretty decent job. The drip coffee and iced teas have free refills.Food: A little pricey, but the food is always pretty good. Their macaroni and cheese is cheap, though, and awesome (5 bucks). You can get it with jalapeno and bacon (7 bucks). Sometimes, they even have pesto and chicken in it. They start serving dinner at 5:30. Their breakfast is always pretty good, too, and they always have a variety of different quiches.Staff: All pretty nice and the more you come there, the more social they will be with you. If any even minor inconvenience arises, they're pretty good about spotting the charge, but it rarely happens that they have to do that. Environment: Yes, there are a ton of hipsters there, but that's kind of to be expected with good coffee shops in any city. There's a lot of people studying, but there are people meeting socially throughout the coffee shop, as well and especially near the bar area. Plenty of outlets exist for you to plug into. They have a projector in the backroom and there is usually some sort of sporting event playing on it. The only con is that the internet (especially lately) has been somewhat spotty as the place is usually pretty busy and everyone and their grandmothers are trying to connect.
5	It is pretty cool that I have a awesome coffee shop right by my house.  I was so happy that my friend brought me here.  The price is right and it is way better then Starbucks. :)  They have a great variety of coffee and teas.   Wish I could give them 10 star rating.
4	Visiting from California, and refusing to drink Starbucks because I'm a complete "Coffee DB." When traveling, I try to find the local coffee gem in the barrage of coffee houses.This place is great, just how I like it.  Smug employees / clientele, and fantastic coffee.  Better than Bluebottle, not as good as FourBarrel.  For those of you know what I just said, I raise my cup from my saucer in your general direction :) .The edibles looked amazing, but was a little disappointed with the chocolate and cinnamon donuts I picked up for my family to try.  I ordered a double cappuccino, as it's my go to, did not sweeten it as it was easily enjoyed by itself.Love seeing these small companies roast their own beans on site.  Love the fact they are taking great care with the roasting process.  Thank you for not burning the bean and making my beverage it so enjoyable.Kind regards to the Lux team, I will certainly visit you tomorrow, provided you're open on New Year's day :)Yum!
4	Best coffee I've had from a coffee shop, delicious drinks, friendly staff and comfortable environment. The house coffee was always strong and bold, but has a smooth earthy flavor. The bloody mary was my favorite late saturday drink, it was spicy and perfect. I give four stars instead of five because of the heartbreaking horrible pastries. A pastry should taste delicious and colorful and beautiful. Fuck the fat and sugar....it is a PASTRY folks. The pastries here taste like a bowl of plain oatmeal. Anyway, other than that this place is awesome.
5	I only wish there were more coffee shops like this in the valley. Lux epitomizes perfection from its fresh roasted coffee to its baked goods. The staff is always friendly and accommodating and there is plenty of room to sit and mingle, unlike the previous location where the space was becoming scarce.Despite the distance and time it takes me to drive there, Lux is well worth it as it truly set the bar very high for its wonderful and tasty goodies.They occasionally make a pistachio chocolate chip cookie that is to die for....I just never now which day they make it. Bummer!
5	Here's the thing ... their coffee is so good, pretty much nothing can scare me away. I've literally spent all day here working on my computer. The environment is perfect for my creativity, but I do not have ADD. Probably not the best environment for the easily distracted. The perfect lunch combo is a tomato, mozzarella, and basil sandwich from Pane Bianco, and a black and white mocha from Lux for dessert. Do it now and sit outside at the picnic tables between the two.
5	Tried this place out for drinks and dinner. My Moscow Mule came in its own Moscow Mule cup! It was super delicious and hard to resist a second one, so I didn't! Dinner menu isn't extensive however the burger I ordered (minus onions) was unbelievably awesome. It bursted with flavor and made it difficult to resist a second one, which this time I did resist :) Our servers were very gracious and accommodating. I purchased a blonde brownie on the way out. It was pretty tasty but would have been better  if I had waited til I got home to eat it. I needed a glass of milk and it needed about 20 seconds in the micro!
5	Great atmosphere. I love the (fairly) new expansion and bar area. The cocktails are some of the finest you'll get in Phoenix. If you're looking for a good drink, try a Modern Fashioned or a Kindness Yvette. Or just tell the bartender what your favorite liquor is and they'll mix you up something great.
5	Regularly visit, morning and night! Check out this Post!http://stephangcalizona.wordpress.com/2013/01/06/lux/
5	I am not a Coffee guy, neither am I a cafe guy and oh, this aint the Grand Lux cafe! With that cleared up, lets talk about LuX. It is my most favorite cafe in PHX. and it has nothing to do with the coffee, in fact I never even had a single coffee here, but its for the plain simple fact that they have "The best Bloddy Mary I ever had". That is simply enough to give a 5/5 for this place, but wait it doesnt end there. What about the ambiance of the place and the setting of a cool-retro-urban-sports-new age-vegan style, that should count for more, right? oh and the food, that's something you cant just push around either. Seem to have a lot of vegan food these days? I had eggs with some tomatoes and veg hash, thats right try the veg hash, its just some good ol' hash with the veggies. My buddy had the dutch pancake, interesting. (check the pics). All said n done, I am going back for some Bloddy mary, in case i forgot, its the best bloddy mary ever. Peace
5	To be honest, I was quite surprised to find an establishment like this in Phoenix! Mainly because I didn't know hipsters existed in Arizona! I walked in and thought "Wait...am I in Phoenix or Silverlake (LA)!!!" My friend who is visiting for a rotation told me he goes here to study for his boards. Love the decor, vibe, but most importantly, the food!My friend had the yogurt and granola, I had a strawberry thumbprint cookie, and we each got vanilla lattes. Coffee here is smooth, not bitter, and they top it off with a design in the foam! Lovin' it! This place is HUGE even though it doesn't look that way from the outside. Plenty of places to sit with your Macbook or a novel and Free Wifi.  I went on a weekend so it was packed, like line-out-the-door packed, but I still didn't have to wait too long to find a place to sit and study. It's about a 25 minute drive from Glendale so I will definitely be back. Very reasonably priced (if you can afford Starbucks then you can afford this...plus you get WAYYYY better quality). Parking is easy as they have a lot and plenty of street parking. Oooh and I forgot to mention Pane Bianco is right next door with delicious sandwiches, soups, and desserts so you should check it out!
3	What I like about Lux is the open inviting space for people to co-work while enjoying a brew of the alcoholic or the coffee variety, order some tantalizing grub.  Great place to get some work done, and bump into some friendly like minded individuals.  The reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the coffee that I got on my second round was not the best and there is no cover on the patio.  Today it rained all day and as rare as that is, I feel a covered patio is even more coveted in the hot summer months.  I believe a coffee shop should have a covered patio.  As a coffee bar, I wish the coffee was better, not saying it is bad, just not the best.  Overall, liked Lux and will definitely work here again as I just relocated to the Downtown Phoenix area.
4	Since there are more than enough reviews about the coffee, I'll add that the tea is very good here as well. The pastries are delicious and fresh. Overall the atmosphere is very comfortable but crowded. When we went there was an equal mix of single patrons on i-whatevers sharing tables, and large raucous groups.  Not a bad way to spend a rainy Saturday afternoon.
1	This place is very cool, but they are armatures! They do NOT know how to make a real cappuccino. It is complete false advertising because the present latte art only on a Latte, which is not how you make a cappuccino. They need to goto Italy and learn what to do. I hate coffee place that cater to the ignorance of America. This place has great potential and is hip, but they need to kick it up a notch. Learn the coffee biz, don't do it half Ass!!
5	Great Chai lattes and great atmosphere. They have a menu as well as decadent pastries. They have tables in the front with outlets so you can study and plug your laptops in. There's also a back room if the music is too loud, but it's dimly lit. And there's a projector with a couch in the back as well and it's usually displaying football or basketball (depending on the sports season). One of my favorite coffee shops and it's next to Pane Bianco if you want pizza or sandwiches.
5	I hadn't been to Lux since they expanded. I have always loved the coffee and the pastries but my favorite has always been the quiche. I went in today in the afternoon and was very pleasantly surprised that the atmosphere hasn't changed, it just has so much more room.  I didn't get a chance to try food today but was very happy with my soy latte with the beautiful art in the foam.
5	Fabulous food!! I too am not a coffee drinker,  and I come for the real food. They serve fresh, tasty, imaginative salads, and wonderful soups. I've recently been here twice and had the spaghetti squash entree cooked in two different ways, both incredibly delicious. I dined with someone who ordered a fantastic steak, really tasty. They have a large selection of wonderful pastries.They actually provide service after one has transacted their purchase at the counter. We felt like there was wait staff, and because tips have already been placed in the jar or added to a credit/debit card, these people aren't  just hoping for a bigger tip.The ambiance is pretty close to perfection. Patrons working at a table make room for others, background music is nice, not annoying, the dinnerware is beautiful. (I just dined off of a plate from Anthropologie.) Close to museums, near the light rail ... My favorite place for any meal or beverage in Phoenix.
5	Lux is my lover. This is one of the few places I've found that really helps me get into the "zone" come crunch time, which is surprising considering all of the people watching, tasty dining (bacon jalapeno macaroni please!) and delightful tunes it offers its visitors.Yes it gets crowded, but I've never not been able to find a seat, as there are plenty to be had inside and out. The ambiance is amazing and might almost make you forget where you are from time to time. I've literally spent an entire day here on more than one occasion without even realizing. I'll refrain from saying just how many times so as to avoid potentially being charged rent, but the answer is a lot. It's that cozy.Come here if you want to warm up with some chai, plug something in, absorb productivity juices, or just plain enjoy life. 'Tis a swell place.
4	Order the black and white and you won't be disappointed. I docked them a star due to the high volume of hipsters permitted to sit all throughout the coffee house like vagabonds.
4	Coffee is still incredibly expensive. If I had unlimited disposable income, I would go. Atmosphere is wonderful as well, great place to take people who are new to downtown. Service is hit or miss -- barista lady's are either incredibly nice, or have way too much attitude. Open up another register, sometime? no?
5	It a hipster place for sure, but all types are welcome.  I think it is the best coffee in town and a great place's to hang out with friends.  And lets not kid ourselves, all the people on their computers are not working nor are they studying. House music play on!
5	Just tried Lux for the first time today. Seriously! How did I not know about this place? I think I'm a little out of touch with the hipster crowd, so that's probably why. However, I am a creative type and really loved the atmosphere and crowd here. I sipped a carmel latte, which was good, but could have been hotter. I didn't eat anything, but the food looked and smelled incredible. My only little complaint was that the girl who rang up my coffee was lacking in the people skills arena. I mean, we get it, you're tatted up and you don't conform, but it's still a busines and I'm still a customer -- and I'm spending money. I would expect her to at least give the appearance that she likes working there. A smile or a little intro to this place would have been appreciated. I tipped her a buck too, which I would bet most of the hipsters don't do. That said, there are tons of seating options here, all arranged quite well. You can work independently, gather with friends to chat, meet with a client or even go on a date at Lux. You can also meet some really interesting people there if you hang out. Happy to have discovered this little gem of a place. I'll definitely return, and hopefully the grouchy chick will crack a smile this time.
4	Always packed!  The atmosphere is always better than the coffee or the service but I just can't stay away.
2	Always packed!  The atmosphere is always better than the coffee or the service but I just can't stay away.
5	Another little gem I will miss from Phoenix.  Words that describe this place: Cute, unique, retro, fresh, simply (menu's), and lively.  I have been to this place twice on two different visits, both times really packed.  I like this ambiance.  The coffee menu was simple and the coffee was individually made.  If you are looking for a spot to study or relax and people watch..this is the spot.  Otherwise, bring headphones, you'll still enjoy it minus the noise. :) Enjoy!Oh and btw..i ordered the Red Eye coffee with room for cream and hazelnut (their delicious coffee with two shots of espresso over ice!)
5	Amazing atmosphere and a great cup of joe.  The food is uniquely amazing and always get in and out in a timely manner.  Really is the best coffee shop in Phoenix.
5	In house roasted beans!!!  First time last Friday night.  The espresso is great!  I enjoy high end beans like illy etc.  This place is cozy as well. Get a beer or wine or food and hang out.  Next time i gotta buy a bag a beans and see how it taste in my home machine...Highly recommend!
5	YUM-O as Rachel Ray would say. How have all of these little places popped up in downtown Phoenix? Or...how have I not discovered them all until now?? I  LOVE this cafe. The service is fast, quick, and easy. The coffee...strong and sssmmoottthhh. This place is cozy and laid back. Radiohead was playing in the background. I had their veggie egg bake which was delicious though I wish they gave me more bread! It was so good. Brought home peanut butter cookies for my boyfriend and those were devoured right away. The atmosphere is great, decor is unique and has a slight hipster feel. They serve wine also which I found to be interesting. And the employees were friendly. Try this place out. I could really go for some of that coffee right about now. The baked goods in the window all looked decadent and they have a lot of vegan and vegetarian options. (tried a bite of a vegan doughnut that my friend had.....did not like. I guess I like my butter and eggs deep fried in oil. It was just not the same.)
5	Love the Lux!  This is my go-to place for: -first or second dates  :-) -hanging with friends socially-studying/working with friends-solo study/work timeI'm not a coffee drinker, but I consume my fair share of tea and really love the wide selection of tea options found here.   They also have some tasty treats that will certainly satisfy your sweet tooth and are great to share with your sweetheart or friends! Great drinks/snacks, nice tables and comfy chairs, study rooms, couches, good music, a non-smoking patio (woo!!), a smoking patio (eww! but recognize some like this) this place has it all.   Plus, my favorite part of it all - it's downtown in the heart of Phoenix in a great building and easy distance to all the wonderful places to explore and things to do while you are downtown.  Love, love, love Lux!
5	I have a serious thing for hipster coffee houses so this review might be slightly biased. Inside Lux it's loud, busy, chaotic, and so wonderfully fragrant. The line is confusing, but just follow everyone else's lead and you'll figure it out in no time. I'm not usually a latte person, but I quite enjoy them at Lux. Maybe it's a psychological effect of the cute latte art. I love their hash with poached eggs, and I'm pretty sure there is crack in the bacon. You can sit inside or outside in front of Pane Bianco next door. Last time I was in there I ordered a latte and espresso cupcake and instead I received a latte and espresso. I told the barista of the error and she didn't even bat an eye - acknowledged the error and quickly got me a cupcake. No harm, no foul. I don't want baristas who are sugary sweet and ooze with typical fake customer service. I can get that at Starbucks (along with burnt coffee, but that's another review). We're adults here. Just do your job and when mistakes happen quickly fix it. So while other people may complain that the baristas are rude, I quite appreciate the honesty. Yes, there are tons of hipsters. But there's also tons of nerds, businessmen, cougars, and regular people like me. If you enjoy people-watching this is a great place to go.
4	I would be lying if I said I didn't miss their original location and the vibe/service received there but I will always have an affection for Lux. Great drinks and sniggity snacks. They support local art not only on the walls but also musically. Fresh flowers, seating outside or inside on funky chairs. Lux is definitely unique and fun.
4	Great iced coffee, I liked the setup a lot, but it was very crowded and it didn't flow well.  I would really like to go back and try the weekend breakfast, everyone's food looked great. The customer service was a little akward and less helpful than I like, but they were not rude or anything.
4	Great coffee, vibe, and food. TERRIBLE parking, take the light rail if you can!
5	Such a comfy spot. Barista are very welcoming and very talented. Baked goods are heaven.
3	Why I (initially) gave Lux 2 stars:-Definitely not the most intuitively arranged coffee shop I've ever been to. The space offered for your 5 minute wait for your cup of coffee is cramped.-I've only been there four times, but three of those four were unpleasant experiences. They either messed up my drink, forgot to give me my food, or served me improperly prepared (very bitter) coffee. The last time I visited (my 4th time, in total) I ordered a decaf americano, and I was pleasantly surprised. After last time, I'm going to give them another chance.-Parking. Is. A. Nightmare.On the plus side, they have really good dinner foods (mac n cheese) and an (overpriced) wine bar, if you're into that scene/old enough to enjoy that.Why I updated my review to include a third star:I visited an old friend for coffee, and she insisted we go to Lux, because she really likes it there. So, we went, and I got a simple cup of their light roast coffee (only $2. Not horribly expensive.) and was, once again, pleasantly surprised. It was smooth enough to drink without cream, milk or sugar. It was a Friday at lunch time, and it wasn't so busy. There was room to sit down, room to talk, room to wait for my cup of coffee without worrying about stepping on others' toes.It was my first actual /nice/ experience at Lux, and I'm happy about it.
4	"I need to talk to you about some work away from this loud crowd.""Let's meet at Lux""OK"A Phoenix venue where the air is white-hot with wi-fi, every bench and easy chair is full, the rooms abuzz with conversation, but hearable, discreet discussion is available somewhere on premises.Another of those places best described by Fats Wallerhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLKSvqPnwro
5	This place rocks! The cappuccino I got was so damn good. Amazing. They played great music, too. Sea Wolf. I got the egg sandwich thingy, and it was super tasty. Seems like a basic thing to order, but it was so good. Will DEF go back again when we're in Phoenix.
2	pretentious staff and mediocrity. Coffee no better than Dutch Brothers and more expensive. A place to be seen in... for annoying self absorbed hipsters. At my age, I don't fit their douche demographic. Been here twice this week, but there's no sense of service with the staff.
1	My friend and I woke up this morning craving croissants and she suggested I stop by the Lux to and buy three. I stood in line and looked over the baked goods but did not see any croissants. As I waited, I watched a young, skinny, hipster wearing a trucker hat taking a middle-aged woman's drink order. His eyes rolled several times as he scribbled on the paper cup. As he set it on the back counter for the barista he turned around and faced me. It was my turn to order.  I went to college in Portland, Oregon and live near Hawthorne and 39th where hipsters run the streets like rats in a Mumbai sewage ditch. All the cliches, the tights jeans, smoking Lucky strikes, bicycling everywhere. The predictable clothes and messy hair? Fine. What I can not handle and the reason I am sitting here writing this review (with croissant crumbs all over my shirt) is the attitude.  I know hipsters and the games the play. I asked the guy if they had croissants and he looked quizzically at me. After a pause he told me that they did have them earlier in the morning. Another pause and he told me he would check to see if there were more. He then stood there staring at me for maybe 8 seconds. I decided to play the game and stared back. We were locked in eye contact for maybe 8 seconds. He then sneered and found the croissants. He was very questioning of taking them to-go and seem very confused and disgusted while putting them in the to-go box. The young woman at the cash register never made eye contact and, like the croissant guy, looked befuddled and annoyed by my standing at the counter and ordering croissants. Swiping my card was a a chore for her and handing it back to looked arduous for her. As I drove home I felt judged, deflated, and angry. The only thing that made me feel better was the croissant. I warmed it up in the oven and covered it in butter. Good croissants. A-hole staff.
2	The brewed coffee is okay, depending on the roast. The espresso drinks are disgusting. Their "house blend" used for their espresso drinks is WAYYY too roasted. Honestly, I think they scorch their coffee beans that they use for their espresso drinks. Additionally, they don't rinse the espresso spoons so each drink has burnt espresso residue.  ALSO, their chai is fucking horrible. Worst chai I think I have ever tasted in my life. I basically payed 4.75 for iced milk. Not strong at all. If I want espresso drinks, I usually go to Citizen or Grinders. Their food is pretty pricey as well and their portion sizes are pretty small. 10 dollars for an overdressed salad? No thank you. Other than that, if you can over their hipster vibe and the non prescription glasses (which is fucking annoying, did you not graduate from high school???) , the atmosphere is great to crank out homework and it's the only coffee shop that's open late in Central Phoenix. I'm not old enough to drink at their bar yet, but from what I've seen, it looks pretty nice and they have a variety of alcohol. Oh and the brown haired girl, I think her name is Sasha, looks pissed off all the time(she is pretty hot though) And the tall white guy, I think his name is Sammy, is pretty bi-polar. Sometimes he is nice; other times he's an asshole.
5	Love this place! The artsy space, artsy people, great coffee and the best tea treats! Better for a sit down than a quick take out coffee though.
5	This place has been here for a long time now. It has a lot of reviews, it does not need another. But, I will just put my 2 cents in.It is a lovely place right on Central. My daughter lives within walking distance to it.So she is the one that had me go there first.Breakfast ,lunch, and dinner ,coffee and even the drink!I have to say my favorite is the Breakfast.Nice little place to go, I do not like it when it is packed and too many people here. But, on off times it is better. Parking is limited.Very worth a try. I really love downtown Phoenix, even though it is much different than most major cities. They are growing and developing ever so slowly.
4	Was introduced to this place by a friend, it seems as though this is where you can find all the hipsters of Arizona. :PI do have to admit their coffee is damn good.  Two times I've been here I've had the cappuccino and it's been great.  The second time I went, I took some "Starbucks" drinkers and they enjoyed their cappuccinos straight up; sans a gallon of syrup and chocolate sauce.
5	No one has commented on the mixology part of Lux recently. Even though I wasn't wearing fake glasses, an asymmetric hair cut, nor had an apple laptop, I was given the best drink I've ever had. After a few questions about my 'liquor palate', the bartender spent nearly five minutes making a quad gin fizz and then some other thing that had fire as an ingredient. It was excellent and really fun!
5	This is my favorite cafe in Phoenix to study at...amazing coffee and delicious treats.  If I am going to eat lunch, I prefer next door at Pane Bianco.  And when I went on Sunday there was a live DJ.  Also so much space so you can choose noise level you desire and spread out your books and computer.  Reminds me of coffee shops in the northwest like Portland.
5	What a great cozy place.  Early morning to late evening you can find a little something to eat or drink.  It feels like you are in your grandmas house on a holiday with laughter people conversing and eating the day and night away.  It caters to singles and families alike with friendly owners frequenting their establishment often.  I have not been here yet where they are not busy, but the jam thru without skipping a beat with a smile on their face. I have been to several places in the surrounding area and as I walk to Lux I bypass a couple coffee shops that process 3 people slower and with lower quality products then Lux can with a 20 foot line out the door.
4	Sunday brunch time and this place is buzzing with energy.  The food prep station behind the counter has the air of America Test Kitchen in a trendy space.  Pastries and food in abundant supply and they're beyond the standard offerings.  Great for dinner too.The layout is open and the space is warm and trendy.
4	I came to Arizona from Washington and was shocked at the lack of good coffee shops. When I walked into Lux, my desperate search came to a halt. The coffee is spectacular, the people are down to earth, and the bar-area has a great selection of beer! Basically, if you come from anywhere outside Arizona and are used to great coffee (and the thought of Starbucks appalls you), this is your place. Yes, it is packed and it takes a while to get your drink, but if you can go in an off-hour, it's the perfect place to sit down and enjoy a cup.
4	Website is cool, the place is cool, the coffee is great, it's a nice place to go when you want to get some good coffee, and maybe a bite of food.  Unfortunately, many other people have the same idea, and it's always packed.
5	Came in here on a Sunday night trying to kill a little time. The 4 of us sat at the bar, and little did we know but we were in for a show. Jake is hands down the best bartender in phoenix. We sat and watched in amazement as he created his masterpieces with care. None of us had anything specific in mind, so all we had to tell him was the kind of liquor we like, he would make a recommendation, and then make it. I'm a whiskey drinker, so he made an excellent (insert name here-because there is no name for it yet) drink, that was definitely what I was looking for. highly recommend coming down here and asking for him!
5	Been going here for some time, I love it. I love the hours, the food, the drinks, the atmosphere. Recently I had a bad experience, but it turned good. I had ordered a salad that was originally advertised with ham and some cheese dressing, me being a vegan, it didn't work for me. So, I ordered the salad with olive oil and vinegar dressing minus the ham, the server told me it would be made vegan for me. After half way through my salad, I found a piece of ham on the bottom. Oh man I was bummed. But, I didn't make a big deal because you know what, mistakes happen and it's nobody's fault. The server asked me if I wanted a togo box but I said no because the piece of ham turned me off from wanting to take it home. He was so apologetic but I told him I understood because us humans are allowed to make mistakes, right? Accidents happen and thats okay. I got my card out to pay and he brought me the bill... for ZERO dollars. WOW!! I couldn't believe it. Usually it's always the people that bit_h that get free stuff and I thought it was so awesome they took care of my salad for me. I am beyond impressed, such wonderful customer service.
5	Very addicted.  This place has become a weekend staple breakfast spot for my wife and I.  We love trying their wide range of fresh bake pastries.  The dutch pancake is always a favorite too.
5	Great people, great service, great atmosphere and great food.
4	While trekking across the western states and stopping in Phoenix for the night, we decided to stop by Lux for a breakfast on our way to California. We arrived roughly after 9am on a Monday morning. Lux appeared to be nestle in a cool and hip part of Phoenix as there were some interesting shops and restaurants in it's proximity. Lux has it's own parking lot, which I'm not sure that is shared with the other business,but when we arrived there was ample parking spaces. On the exterior, there is a somewhat spacious patio allowing patrons to sit outside when weather permits. On the inside there is an eclectic array of mix n  match furniture which gives it that cool vibe. There is a small kitchen open to the room showcasing their variety of baked goods. It was very cool to see the employees working as we were waiting for our food. I ordered my usual breakfast when I'm in a rush or wanting to eat light, a butter croissant and glass of orange juice. The croissant was very good, very airy and decent flakiness. The orange juice was freshly squeezed. My friend ordered the quiche which was warmed up in their conventional oven instead of the microwave. It appeared they put love in their preparation of the food. Lux also serves lunch and dinner, and has a bar.
5	Lux is great. Set up with all the features than many-an-establishment might use to send off a douchey hipster vibe, Lux is as inviting as any other coffee shop I've visited. The staff is always friendly, the coffee is excellent, and, as an avid people watcher, it has a great atmosphere.Seating can get restrictive but, generally, they've utilized their space well so I can't fault them for their popularity. The only knock would be that the music is sometimes turned up a bit loud -- but if that's the worst it has going for it, then I guess it truly is...."as good as it gets [five stars]"
3	Environment looked promising with an almost-filled crowd.  The coffee tasted all right (ordered a latte and an americano), but weak compared to other coffee shops I've been to.  The latte was well-made, for sure.Received a little bit of a snobby attitude from the staff who were walking around.  The staff at the counter/register were friendly though.
5	Such a comfy spot. Barista are very welcoming and very talented. Baked goods are heaven.
4	Total hipster hot spot. I'm not a hipster yet I felt comfortable in the shop. The coffee was really good. I also had a pastry and it was superb. It's got a pretty cool vibe and it's a great spot to people watch.
4	I'm torn on how to rate them. Four stars? Five? It's in between the two options, but I think just slightly closer to four.The food, especially the pasteries are excellent, the coffee is always perfect just as it is. I don't have to modify my order ever.The music is just a weird mix which is easy (usually) to tune out. My main complaint is theyre always busy so the service is always rushed and never friendly. I mean they're not rude, far from it. It's just that no one there is personable or warm. I love the location though. It's walking distance from me, so I am there with my dog at least once a week.
5	Love Lux! Fresh juice, coffee roasted on site, a variety of pastries made fresh daily. Urban scene, great music, cool art. Perfect for morning, afternoon and evening!Katie whips up some of the best pastries and lunches in town. And the Croissant's? Better than Balthazar in NYC. Seriously. I mean it. The Croissants are to die for, but they don't come out of the oven until after 6:30 AM. During the summer, what is better than Iced Coffee? Hmmm.. the way Lux makes it- every Iced coffee is an Iced Americano with an extra shot of espresso. Couldn't get better.
4	Oh my God... Where the heck did this hipster haven come from -- and in Phoenix of all places! Seriously, Polaroids on the wall, mason jar glasses and lots of bespectacled patrons.I saw just how many Yelp reviews Lux had and had to lay my preconceived notions about people from Phoenix and their snobbish ways aside (I'm from Tucson, can you blame me? We're all a bunch of dirty hippies in Baja Arizona). I stopped in on a recent trip up to Phoenix and enjoyed a croissant and a latte. I was immediately impressed with the vibe (wait, did I just use the word vibe... I think I did), even though I was a little surprised by it's location -- there's not much around it at all. Great music, great art and a laid back atmosphere that's conducive to just hanging out or perhaps writing the next great American novel.The croissant was to die for, and the coffee was perfect -- apparently roasted on site.I sat at the juice bar and watched an impressively mustached man create some very interesting drinks. I didn't stick around long, but I liked what I saw. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town.The only reason I didn't go ahead and give the full five stars was the initial frustration I had when ordering -- I'm no idiot, but the process wasn't intuitive and none of the staff seemed interested in helping me out. They were too busy updating their Instagram and talking about the next greatest band you've never heard of. That sort of bummed me out, but the yummy coffee soon made up for it.
5	You won't find a better roast than Lux! With on-site roasting all of that precious flavor is locked into the bean and transferred directly to your cup. Great atmosphere and plenty of seating is also a bonus. Just writing this is making me want another cup!
5	Favorite place ever! Everything tastes good here!
5	Coffee is perfect, atmosphere is outstanding!
5	Thank you, Lux, just for existing! For 40 years, I was convinced that I didn't like oatmeal with apples and syrup until I tried yours.  About your delicious baked goods  and your feisty coffee (hurray for your black eye!), I never had an argument.  It is all the best start to a morning!
5	It's one of the best cup of coffee in Phoenix, if not the best.   Their coffee is always fresh and DELISH.  They have some very tasty baked goods as well.  Their lemon bars are fantastic, sweetness with a lot of tartness = yumfest!  Sure, they seem to be busy all of the time but there is always room for a few more people.  The layout at Lux is surprisingly more spacious than what most people think.  This is a great place to meet up with some friends over some fantastic coffee and some goo eats!  Looking forward to seeing you there!
4	nice place to study. drinks were pretty good. definitely a hipster kinda place.
4	Great light roast! The ambiance is very fitting for the location, which is great. Always busy so go early and grab a good seat.
4	I am sooooo not a hipster but I loved this place all the same. Staff is friendly. Coffee and baked goods are yummers. And the atmosphere is perfect for working on some school work (which is precisely why I stopped in), meeting/schmoozing with friends, people watching or even a casual first date? Tons of seating.I've lived in the area for almost 2 years. how could I have missed this place?Can't wait to try the regular menu.One weird thing,  which has absolutely nothing to do with the cafe, is that it seemed almost every single person in the place has an Apple-brand laptop. It was kinda twilight-zoney. And the funny thing is my co-worker asked me the next day If I noticed that everyone had Apple Laptops. I DID! I DID! :) Go and love it!UPDATE - 10/20/13OMG! I just have to update with one of the most amazing cakes I have ever had. It is a slice of Vanilla citrus cake with coconut filling. My tastebuds are doing the happy dance right now. Dee-freakin-licious, people! Earlier, I had the NY strip with couscous with carmelized onions and mushrooms and broccoli. I rarely crave red meat but for some reason I was today and Lux did NOT disappoint. Also, I was getting hangry (hungry and angry) cause this guy in front of me was ordering like really slow and asking too many questions but this amazing, beautiful  lady with long dark hair and a warm smile, who i can only assume is the manager, calmed me with her amazing customer service and awesome chilean wine recommendation. I love Lux!
5	My new favorite stop in Phoenix!  I love this place -- the iced mochas are spectacular... and so far, the pastries have all been amazing!  So nice to find a place like this here in Phoenix... it reminds of the Bucktown/Wicker Park neighborhoods in Chicago... my old stomping grounds!  Yay!!
5	I love this place! I either get the latte macchiato or an Italian soda.  Both are great.  One of the best coffees in town.
5	just go, mofo!
5	This is the coffee house to beat in Phoenix and Scottsdale.  The atmosphere and staff are friendly and hip!   I love the view of the staff preparing the amazing flavorful quiches and baked goods. It has the vibe of sitting in a family kitchen at home.  I buy a bag of Lux's fresh roasted coffee beans each week for my French press coffee. Te staff will grind the beans for you if necessary.  Restaurants like Lux are one of the many reasons I love living in central Phoenix!
5	Best tasting coffee in Phoenix and their homemade quiche, coffee cake, scones, ect....is all so yummy. I have been going their for years and just realized they have breakfast sandwiches, I can't wait to try one!
1	Great coffee, great place / space. But unless you walk in with black horn rims, laceless chuck taylors, and a plaid shirt with a macbook pro in hand, you'll get eye judged from everyone... Including the staff. If you visit this place casually, and not exclusively to the point the staff doesn't know you, they act annoyed that you are wasting their time. So what if i like a little sweetener and cream in my iced coffee, I don't need to be eye judged by a twenty-something making $9/hour.However, I'll just say, it's still my favorite coffee house in Phoenix Metro....just wish they were more accepting of non post-hipsters.
5	Waiting for family to land @ Sky Harbor ... great place to hang!
5	My first time in , from CA originally:) They asked me what I like to drink, I told them I like cocktails and beer but felt like a cocktail ... I suggested Long Island , even though they don't make them they made there style of it and it turned out beautifully !!! , the atmosphere was cozy and Sheek!! The drink even came in a mason jar with a lemon and metal straw/stir spoon ;) delicious!!
5	Great,  Everything was superb.  Just go!!
4	Stopped by for a few hours to get some work done.  Definitely hipster heaven as everyone already pointed out. Great atmosphere but can be pretty loud if you can't tune out sounds.  Internet was fast. I came during lunch rush so it was pretty packed and awkward to squeeze into an empty chair.  As people left, it became more manageable. Great for people watching without looking like a creeper (I swear I'm not a stalker though).Sizes of drinks ran a little small - $5.50 for large dirty chai.  The baked goods looked amazing but I was on a diet and a budget. Great to see cooks right behind the counter making fresh food orders and throwing pastries into the oven. My olfactory nerves were in overdrive. Only one bathroom of each gender so there were waits at times.  Rooms in the back were a bit quieter than the front but still busy. I also like that they have a bar if you're looking for a drink with some extra kick.Minus a star because workers seemed a bit robotic.  Maybe it's their job to be efficient but a little personable touches in taking orders can't be that hard to add. They weren't mean or rude or anything, just a little stoic for what I'd expect from an otherwise cool place such as this.
1	yes this place has good coffe, but what a bunch of rude pompas asses. I am just saying I am az born and raised from a hardworking family and back round . When I come into an establishment the last thing I need is for some trust fund hipster know it all to twitch his (or her) handle bar mustache at me with an equally annoying hipster stank eye, when I order my (in their opinion ) shitty cup of coffee. Sorry if i did not hash tag an over price thrift store shirt on my twitter , or order my special decoder ring from some homeless want to be spoiled brat to get the latest cool memo from the wonderful lux asshole cafe . But here is just a few tips that might get you a few stars 1. after you argue with me over an extra shot not being a good idea in your wonderful cup of coffee, dont include yourself in my conversation when I finally get to enjoy it .Just to  correct me on a subject in a condescending tone that I am actually quite knowledgable about due to heritage and experience .2. dont give me shit looks and long sighs when I come to the counter .3.dont correct my opinion of coffee I actually have taken barista courses so maybe you can dip into your hedge fund and go to a couple yourself before you blabber your opinions all over my good day.4. dont smack your lips and tell the person behind you in a shit sniffing tone mocking my order. 5. believe it or not before you found your dream job as a barista and wasted all your parents money on a art degree, remember I have worked my ass off to just enjoy one simple cup of coffee with an extra shot , in a fun decorated establishment with a shitty leaf scribble across the foam. So if you gave two shits about the extra dollars I would so eagerly throw into your tip jar, shut the fuck up smile and just say yes would you like anything else? and talk shit about me at the end of your shift like the rest of us.
5	This coffee place is great for many reasons; it has a great atmosphere for dates, hang outs, or even studying. Lux has delicious coffee and homemade whipped cream. I also enjoy how they have baked goods and a lunch and dinner menu. Super friendly staff with great customer service. I recommend their iced white mocha, soo good :)
4	I stopped in relatively early one morning for a quick breakfast with my husband. Lux is pretty easy to find, and I think the parking is ample. There's always plenty of room on the street a block over if the lot is full.As pretty much everyone else has mentioned, the place is oozing with hipsters. It can be irritating, but it didn't really ruin my overall experience. My husband had a piece of quiche, which he really liked, and I thought the brioche was good - not too sweet, and a good portion size. The lattes are pretty good, though a little overpriced. Not the best latte I've had, but by no means the worse. The seating is interesting, though it's awkward to figure out where to pick up your drinks and food. We just watched what other people did and tried to follow suit as best we could. I think they want you to bus your dishes, but this was also unclear, I hope we put our dirty dishes in the right place. My experience with the staff was OK; everyone seemed pretty disinterested in what they were doing. Feigning a little interest in your customers is never a bad a thing, and is something I think the staff at Lux should work on.I would go back to try their other drinks and pastries, but I'm not sure I want to call Lux my go to coffee shop in Phoenix quite yet.
3	Good coffee and good atmosphere.  Ironically pretentious clientele.
5	My new favorite coffee spot in Phoenix!! Absolutely the best coffee and pastries to get your caffeine and sugar fix all-in-one!
5	Incredible food, whether you just grab a fresh-made scone, or order a full meal. Good coffee. It can get crowded, but it is a fun and eclectic atmosphere. I definitely try to bring out-of-town visitors to Lux to get a good feel for urban Phoenix culture.
5	As a coffee addict, I can say that I have tried them all and Lux is at the top of the totem pole for a good cup of joe in the Phoenix area. People come for the trendy atmosphere but they stay for the great coffee, delicious baked goods and many outlets if you're the 'work in a coffee shop' type! I've been there many times and that's saying a lot considering I don't live particularly close to the downtown area. I always say that no date night is complete without a visit- it's the type of place where you can plop down on one of their comfy couches, order endless shots of espresso and stay up all night talking. The staff is very friendly. In fact, I came in on a particularly busy night (weekends get crowded but I've never seen it like THIS) and a worker stopped and had a good ten minute conversation with me, just chatting. Sometimes, great customer service really does say it all. Also, remember those scrumptious baked goods that I mentioned? They are AMAZING. I tried their flourless chocolate cake and it absolutely knocked my socks off. One last suggestion? Hungry or not, try their mac and cheese, you won't regret it!
5	An awesome vibe and delicious drinks and pastries. What more could you ask for?
5	I drive 20 miles regularly just to come here! Love the amazing interior decorating and superb coffee (it's the perfect kind of coffee to wash down pastries, especially when it's iced). There are so many kinds of people who come here, but everyone, from the employees to the customers, is very friendly. My cousin and I got a peanut butter brownie (amazing) and got up for a coffee refill a couple hours later, and almost the entire pastry case was different. They're always baking their pastries fresh, but if you have something specific in mind, it may not be there when you arrive because they're always rotating. That's okay, try something else, you won't be let down! The food quality is great, so I don't mind paying a bit extra for it. The ideal student's/worker's cafe - there are rooms that have a tendency to be quiet for those who need them. What more could you ask for in a coffee shop?
4	(And update to a brutal review I made about them before- they're better now)First, Lux desserts are painfully perfect.  I've had the carrot cake, choc chip blondie, m and m cookie, etc etc. apple something, salted caramel something else...and each time I make the remark.. "I could literally crush every last one of those f-ing desserts and never look back".  Scary good.. Soft... Insane. Second, the sugar free caramel latte iced or hot with the dope leaf design in the foam- thumbs up.  Sizes are one stage smaller than most places but I'll take it if it lets them stay open and profitable.  Oh ya open late!!!!! Till midnight thru the week and 2 on the weekends.  Finally!  Xtreme bean is the only other contender. *Evolve *Be happy *Don't tell people what to do or how to feel at the end of your posts
3	Great vibe but $12+ for an egg mcmuffin style sandwhich w/ avacado & oj is pretty steep. AND no potatoes or fruit. They could thrrow at least some melon on the plate for that price.
5	By far the best cup of coffee I've had in the Phoenix area! Way to go guys, and there is a really neat atmosphere at this place, but Pane Bianco is right next door.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! If only it wasn't so far from where I live.. I would go all the time. I do occasionally make the drive because the coffee is delicious! I've had the BEST coffee that I've ever had here. I also get the black and white. It's amazing. I also ordered the mac and cheese!  would recommend that to anyone who goes here! The atmosphere is a bit on the "hipster-ish" side but it's nice.
3	Absolutely love the atmosphere. They obviously have put a lot of effort into the interior design of this place. The style is modern and casual. You will immediately feel comfortable here. The front room is usually crowed, but there are two more rooms in the back. All kinds of people hang out here. Young or old, rich or poor, professionals or house wives/husbands, dark or light skinned.The coffee is reasonably good since they roast it on site. I also like their fresh squeezed juice. I haven't tried the breakfast yet. It seems pricy. The lunch menu changes daily. They post it on facebook. They offer organic dishes. The portion is very small and expect to pay twice as much.
4	There's just something different about this place that I absolutely love. The pictures posted on Yelp don't do it justice. There are multiple rooms with couches and tables, quaint corners where you can get some work done. The atmosphere is to the T, and their coffee/eats are delicious. The place can get a little loud and hectic, so bring your headphones or come at an off hour if you're looking to make some power moves with your work. There's something a little Starbucks about the way they run the front, but the staff is friendly and this place has so much to offer over your typical coffee shop experience. Overall, if you want great coffee and a lively atmosphere, head to Lux.
5	This place is amazing. Mac n cheese, thirsty crow, good music, eclectic crowd, right off the lite rail what else could you want! The staff here is so personable, they remember your name, what you like to drink & they greet you like a family member they haven't seen in yearsI give it 5 stars because the food, atmosphere, service and cocktails are top notch! I can't think of anything to complain about. Lux has something special in its DNA That I have not experienced anywhere else I've ever been.
5	Face it - modern life can be lonely. And Phoenix can feel like an odd, random place to have landed when you are 58 years old, as I am - how, precisely, did I wind up on the searing desert, and how did it happen to all of these other people who I see sweating on the street? At Lux, however, the existential depression shuts off, and its polar opposite flips on - how delightful that we've all come together into this cool, noisy, crowded, friendly, interesting space to have some coffee! If life is indeed random, let's all be randomly happy together! I have written parts of two books here, and the energy of Lux is on every page - it's a good place to do the difficult business of writing readable prose.And no one here is a "hipster," a word that does the world absolutely no good. They are young, for the most part, and enjoying being with their friends in the wonderful, intense, lovely way young people have since the dawn of humanity, and they are doing it a nice place in the middle of an awful, hot, barren desert, because young people are great and resilient and clever and wonderful. Old people are too, for that matter. The whole place, the whole thing, is a testimony to just how fantastic people are, from the people who built this place to the people who come here to the people who smile as they hand over your coffee and ask about your day. Relax, smile, enjoy - it's a little easier at Lux, and when you leave, maybe you'll find it easier to do these things elsewhere.
4	Living up to the hype, there are many things that I loved about Lux, and other things that I would warn newbies when coming here:PROS:* Their coffee and baked goods are pretty tasty. I got a chilled mocha and it was the right kind of chocolaty and the right kind of caffeinated-buzz. I also got a croissant (because I saw one next to me and immediately decided that I wanted it) and it was fluffy and delicious.* The coffee shop is huge, so it allows you to find a chair, nook, couch SOMEWHERE or if you come with friends you can all hang around together in some corner. The store has different spaces so keep looping around if you don't see any free spots at first. * The music selection is quite cool and makes the ambiance pretty happy and chill. The decor is funky so there is a large combination of chairs, tables, sofas for every taste.* It turns into a bar, well, its always a bar but you can go for both coffee-drinking time or boozy time. I have not had their drinks, but they have a cool bar setup and a large selection of fresh ingredients for (hopefully) a successful execution.CON:* Its effing pricey. For reals, its not a "round the corner" coffee shop so assume that your coffee price includes everything from "ambiance" to "the price of being seen" to everything in between.* The music. Its loud. If you are here to study, well, don't. I came here to read (not knowing any better) and I struggled with a mixture of how loud the music was (even tho i liked the selection!) and the even louder dumbass sorority girls next to me chatting their lives away. This place is social, not a shelter for your quiet-needs. Let me repeat that:THIS PLACE IS LOUD. DO NOT COME HERE FOR PEACE AND QUIET.* Parking. The lot is always (always full), so expect to park on the street wherever you can find. This can sometimes be a challenge, but they have 2hr parking on the street and some back lot, which I am not sure if we are allowed to use.So there it is folks, the good, the bad and the not-so-ugly. I am ashamed and happy for giving into the hype and trying this place out. I'm not a hipster, a coffee-snob or anything, but I do love anywhere with great quality food and drinks where I feel welcome. Isn't that what its all about anyway?
4	I really like this coffee bar, if you are driving north on central if you aren't careful you will most likely drive right by this place.  You have to make a U turn about a quarter mile from the actual entrance to the place.  Their hibiscus tea is my drink of choice and I do rather enjoy their pastries.  I go here quite often to study, but it definitely can be a little bit noisy in here.  There is free wifi and free refills on tea drinks.  I've had their mushroom soup and it was quite delicious.  From what I've been told, their lunch menu items are pretty good.  They also don't mind if you bring outside food when you come.
5	I spent a good 6 hours of reading a book and reviewing it! I had a very productive time there with the accompaniment of a nice atmosphere, beautiful display, good music and of course delicious coffee. I ordered the velvet mocha to start. It was rather sweet, but sweetness isn't always a bad thing. By lunch time I was famished so I ordered the pulled pork plate. I was happy to see veggies mixed into the meal as well as good sourdough bread sliced thinly to complement pork. The pork was very tender and the portion size was enormous. I had a lot of eyes gravitating towards my meal. Oh so delish. After a few more hours, I ordered the hibiscus tea and must I mention there are free refills so before departure, I got a refill of tropical iced tea with a touch of the organic orange blossom honey made available on the side bar. I was rather impressed with the space availability even if I shared a 6 seater table with another person. He was nice himself and inquired my whereabouts. I thoroughly enjoyed this place. I even took the light rail which was literally on the same street of the cafe. Convenience at best with a touch of lux-ury.
3	I came here to have a meeting and I couldn't believe how difficult it was too find.  It sure would be nice to have a sign that faces the street, but that's probably too "commercial" for this place.  The tiny parking lot was full so I had to park a couple blocks down the street and walk; not a huge deal.  The inside was soooo loud and the music was blaring; I couldn't believe this was a coffee shop.  To be fair I did not taste any food or their coffee, so I'm sure there is room for improvement and I thought the outside space was quaint.  I will come here again with my friend who swears by this place and give the food and drink a try.  This places seems like more of a cool place to be seen then a coffee shop; I couldn't imagine trying to get any work done.
4	Great atmosphere. Amazing food. The bartenders are awesome and very knowledgeable.
5	This review is specifically for the mac-n-cheese with jalapenos and bacon. It deserves its own review.Every time I come to Lux, I glance past the mac-n-cheese. I mean, how exciting can American restaurant mac-n-cheese be? A customer sitting next to me at the bar ordered up a bowl. It looked pretty enticing. He asked if I ever had it before. I said no, and he looks me straight in the eyes and says "you gotta do it." By the tone of his voice, the mac-n-cheese must have been an experience.So tonight I did it, but instead it done me...oh it done me. It done me good.Beatles fans, holla if you hear me!I learned to make proper "macaroni pie" from a West Indian friend. You slow-cook milk, cheese, onion, a bit of flour, salt, and pepper into a delicious, aromatic cheesy creamy white soup. Then you pour al-dente elbow pasta into a baking dish. Then you pour the creamy cheese soup deliciousness over the pasta. Then you layer shredded cheese on top and bake it all together. That's how you get tender, creamy mac-n-cheese. Lux knows the deal, and they took it up a notch by throwing jalapeno peppers and bacon into the mix.As a baked mac-n-cheese chef trained under a West Indian macaroni pie sensei, I tip my hat to you, Lux. Well done.Edited: A tip for Ms. Andrea O. Being a pleasant customer goes a long way. Being not-a-mega-bizatch works wonders for getting good service. It works for me. You may want to try it sometime. If you suffer from perma-scowl, you could draw a smiley face on a paper bag and place it over your head.
5	I love the coffee here, I've been drinking Lux coffee for over 5 years now and to this day I am still in love with their coffee. I usually buy a few bags of beans when I'm there and hook friends up with bags when they come from out of town. Great gift to a co. Worker or family member who enjoys coffee. Staff is very friendly and Sammy is a good guy who helps run the place. Thanks for opening your doors Lux.
4	Lux has come a long way from the tiny coffee shop it once was. The new place is really fun with a cool vibe but beware of the packed factor. It is pretty ridiculous making me hesitate to go back. There is always a line out the door, parking issues, and nowhere to sit. If you can snag a seat it is on a couch or hanging off a bar stool so rather hard to eat and awfully uncomfy. Today, I ordered the Dutch Pancake. I did not like the burnt top part of the pancake. My friend says the last time she ordered it it was not burnt like that and tasted better. The unburnt part was Delish though but at 10 bucks it should be perfect! You can get it with fruit or veggies. My friend got the biscuits and gravy which I loved. Not too heavy or salty with a hint of Sage. Pros- Good food, fun vibe, cool decor, music, friendly folks, best coffee drinks in town I dare to say. Cons, Wowza this place is expensive, packed to the gills every time I have come, and Panne Bianco is right next door causing an eating choice dilemma -lol I am sure there must be an off time here to go to avoid the crowds. if you know what that time is let me know. Also, I can always solve one of the dilemmas by eating here and getting Panne to go when the weather cools off. Granted, this could only happen if the second mortgage for food cost that day comes through, ha!   ;)
5	It's impossible to find something bad about this place. The moment I step off the plane at PHX, I immediately crave Lux. The mac and cheese is perfect, gooey and cheesy, not like the stuff you made in college. The ambiance is so unique and the whole atmosphere can't be replicated. Coffee is the highlight though, lattes, cappucinos, iced drinks! They really know what they are doing here. The people are friendly and very very very cheery. A+++
5	Hippest coffee shop in the whole west coast. Amazing coffee, unbelievable ambiance and decor, great great customer service. Did I mention fantastic brews. Get the Atmosphere. Lux's iced coffee drinks do damage. Must visit even for tourists.
4	Great place to find a seat and a java of your choice. I met a friend here during the weekday in the late afternoon; seemed like everyone had the same idea because it was extremely busy. I liked the space, it seemed very private in some areas for those who wanted to work and concentrate on their work (1 star). But it also had the buzz in the air as your typical vibrate coffee shop (1 star). I had a cold mocha, and it was served in an environmental friendly cup (1 star). The mocha was delicious and made to perfection (1 star). The seating was abundant, with many choices (couches, long tables, community tables, bar seating, etc.) (1 star). 4 stars!I'm deducting a star because of location and when I initially walked in I had my heart set on a cold berry green tea. They didn't have anything similar on their menu. They recommended an Iced Tea or lemonade ---umm, not the same.
2	Parking was difficult to find, there is no sign from the road that indicates where this place even is. They rush you in line to order your drink and/or food. I paid almost $12 for a coffee and breakfast sandwich and the sandwich wasn't even really that great. It was greasy and looked messy. This place is pretty small so I can understand why it is packed, but it was not comfortable to sit and enjoy myself. The tables are super tall, so I felt like I was reaching up to type on my laptop.The coffee was  at least decent. I got a caramel latte, except she made it iced, but it was still OK.I probably won't return to this location ever again.
1	I have been here a handful of times and have yet to recieve great service or any standard of service for that matter. I have no complaints about the coffee or food. The atmosphere is loud and busy but again, no problem with that either. What really bothers me is how rude the staff is. Maybe they don't realize their customers are paying their bills and funding their livelihood. Whatever it is it embarrasses me that the owner allows staff to treat guests as a problem and annoyance. Truly disappointed that my neighborhood coffee shop deters business for their lack of care for customers or service.
5	So I haven't been since Lux moved over to their new spot, and I wish so bad that I could delete my old review, due to new, better employees, a bigger space, tons of selection (literally a full menu from breakfast to dinner, oh and that includes alcohol. Nomnoms). They've adjusted their prices and it's way more reasonable than before. It's more quite so I can get my work done. Seeing more diverse people instead of one group. I love it:)
5	If you can believe it, a place that gives you quality breakfast, lunch, and dinner with a relaxed,  comfortable atmosphere. Lux has it all!
5	Love it!  The espresso is great and I love that I can get almond milk lattes!  Sometimes they have vegan gluten-free desserts, which is an added bonus.  This place is always crowded, but that is just part of the deal.  Highly recommended!
5	For the lack of parking and long lines you have to wait in, LUX more than makes up for this with their great coffee, food and desserts.  I would say this is my favorite coffee lounge in all of Phoenix.  Now, if I only lived closer,  I would be stopping by everyday.
5	If you want coffee, this is the place you would want to go. You will love this place!
3	Been coming to Lux since before they got the larger building. Coffee drinks have always been good and I have also been enjoying some of the cocktail drinks as well. Not a huge fan of what food I have had there yet. So far I have only tried the breakfast and pastry items. Can't say if the lunch and/or dinner items are any better. Definitely only come here if you have some time and are not rushing to get your pre-morning work coffee drink. I used to come here before work but now it takes too long. Its nice though to come here an enjoy a drink with friends.
3	This is my first ever Yelp Review. I came to the Lux to drink some coffee and get some work done. the coffee was great, treats were delicious, and there was plenty of sitting space for working on a computer. There were many people getting work done and everything was going well until they suddenly decided to put on some loud rock music and you could see the people one by one closing their computers and leaving.  I'm still here and the music is driving me crazy. the ambiance was perfect until they switched the music and turned it way up.
5	Oh Lux how I love thee, where do I start? The coffee is amazing, the food is amazing, the atmosphere is amazing AND the music selection is beyond amazing...I want to live downtown just so I can go there every day. I am so over Starbucks and this is much better alternative!
4	I love the fancy cocktails and the Mac & Cheese. Omg you guys, it's too tasty!
4	I used to go almost every day when I was in high school.  I got back this summer from school and tried it again a couple times.  It was not as good as I remember, but they still serve amazing espresso.  I love their whipped cream.  The lines are always long, which is a good thing, because it most likely means people are willing to wait for their coffee/food.  The line goes quick too, and no one really looks irritated waiting, like some people do at Starbucks.  I would have given it one more star but my 16oz vanilla latte was 5.00 before tip.  That is more expensive than Starbucks, and I am not a big fan of that.
4	I am a recent Lux convert. I was dragged here by a friend a few years ago, before the remodel/expansion, and I HATED it here. The girl that took my order was snobby. The line was long and awkward, and I wasn't impressed by the drip I received. Over the years I'd get pulled here by various friends, and it never failed to piss me off. There's no sign. It's difficult to find. Where the DOOR? Where do you order what? I didn't understand the craze.Lux is esoteric. It's snobby. It's hip. And it has grown on me. The quality the last six months or so has shot way up. Rumor is they have a new roaster, and goddamn, GODDAMN, if he isn't good. When I buy beans to take home, my entire kitchen is swallowed in that sweet smell. Vegan donuts? Pimm's cups with real muddled fruit? Much, much better customer service, attention to detail, and expanded food/bar options? I'm impressed, Lux, I really am. Good job.
5	Who doesn't like this place?! Bar drinks are hand crafted/ fresh squeezed w organic fruit. You know there is a God just by eating the Mac and cheese! Love the coffee but I warn you it's strong! They roast their own beans. When you walk in your greeted by the happiest most eclectic bunch in all of food service industry. It just feels good!
4	Never had a coffee served so fancy w drawings on the top ha.. I'll take it though. Very chic and contemporary (if you're into that) they also have a liquor bar :)
5	Well well well.  You sneaky, non-descript, awesome little bastard of a restaurant.  Flipped two U-E's before I found you, hiding in plain sight.  Damn it Lux... damn it. I suppose I'm easy, but I am freakin' smitten with Lux; beautiful, interesting restaurant with tables full of pastries and derishous foodz pumping outta their neat little kitchen that's in plain sight.   Hipster-ish? God damn right, but I'm the furthest thing from hipster and I felt no less love while I was there.  Seems fat white doodz with their bohemian children in tow (bohemian = I let my kid get dressed in the dark) are just as welcome.It's nice to be pleasantly surprised by an eatery;  Lot-o-hype seems to be circulating about Lux - possibly because a bunch of  ass-hats were overly pumped about a new 'hip eatery' (entrance is dependent on either a  handle-bar mustache or a 1/4 sleeve tattoo).  Not the case; this place is le-jit. What did I eat? Biscuits and gravy.  Biscuits and mother-freaking, delicioso GRAVY.  Damn, it was fine.  Not the healthiest thing in the world, but my arteries can go fuck themselves.  Unfortunately, with my dish of choice being so filling, I was unable to perform my duties as 'daddy-disposal' - My child's unfinished portion of dutch pancakes, with fresh berries and what I'm assuming was homemade whipped cream was left for the hungry, more than likely neck tattoo'd kitchen staff.  Vultures. Can't wait to get at Lux again.  Mmmmmm.
5	This place is amazing. Came here to study with my fiance, and we loved it. I got the hibiscus iced tea (which comes with unlimited free refills) and my fiance got iced coffee. They have free wi-fi, and we never felt like any of the employees wanted us to leave or move from our spots. Got a solid 4 hours of studying done here. Would highly recommend.
5	Visiting my buddy in Phoenix, this place is down the street from his apartment. Had a red eye and a maple scone. Pretty damn good cup of coffee. Pretty solid scone. I've never been to Phoenix as a grownup but I was super surprised at this place. Feels like a top shelf coffee joint out of any number of hipster neighborhoods I've been in. My opinion of Phoenix has been swayed by the existence of this place alone.
5	Stopped by this indie-chic coffeehouse while in the PHX. Instantly I loved the vibe as I walked in the door, as I realized I made my way into a very unique establishment. As I made my way past the vast selection of baked goods, I was greeted by a friendly barista. I'm not sure where all the negative buzz regarding employee attitudes came from when reading previous reviews, as my experience was great. I ordered the house dark roast coffee and breakfast of eggs and bacon. Coffee was perfection and breakfast didn't disappoint. I will make a point to visit again when I am in the area.
4	hidden and delicious! Crafty cocktails. Perfect coffee. Fresh baked goodness!...try Cartel coffee in Tempe as well!
4	Cute little shop with very good coffee and food as well. I liked how quirky everything was and there are many places to sit. I would suggest that they have a form of menu or central area where it's obvious you go to pay. They have a daily menu, it seems like, that is taped on the glass near the display case. There's a lot going on so difficult to see that. From the street, it's not easy to know where the front door is. I would definitely come back but with expectation to pay a lot. It's very expensive there!
3	Coffee options are among the best in the area but good luck finding a table. Not the best place to go for a read and/or write: always crowded and long lines. Friendly staff and decent parking options.
4	Slightly chaotic for this first time patron, but the egg sandwich was AWESOME! My friend talked it up last night and it totally delivered! The roasted tomato is definitely the best part ;) #nomnomnomDespite living a little while away, I'll definitely be back again! #happygirl
4	We kept seeing everyone check into this place and it had tons of reviews, so we knew we had to give it a go - and what a fun place! The line was really long when we walked in, but they whipped through it in no time and the woman taking the orders was really friendly and helped to make decisions since we were first timers and all.  She was very patient and answered all our questions (which we tried to keep short due to the line).Now, the place itself is super eclectic and there is art and decor to look at no matter where you sit on the inside.  The porch was packed, so we weren't able to enjoy the nice day outside, but the inside isn't a bad backup at all.  We got to sit next to Marilyn Monroe on a pink couch that was comfy and the wood slate table is something I would put in my house in a heartbeat.Our orders: me - a mocha with a crumb cake, his - vanilla latte with lemon cake.  We didn't realize until we were out of the line that they served full breakfast plates!  That'll happen next time for sure.  The coffees tasted great and the crumb cake was delicious.  Overall: AFun and artsy with good coffee and pastries galore...yes, please!
3	HARD TO FIND!! It's like hidden behind a non-descriptive building. And once you get inside, it's like a maze, you really have to snake your way through these sectioned off rooms to get to the counter and order. The decor, layout, the people there...really hipster for Arizona. I had the chicken tortilla soup (wasn't impressed) and some squash and risotto (that had no risotto in it because it apparently was reduced down to nothing) so it was basically just squash. Trust me, I asked. When you line up to order, someone takes your drink order first and starts making your drink.....and then you order your food separately. That sounds great...because it seems like it's more efficient, but then when we paid, we realized that the person that took our drink order didn't communicate that with the person that rung us up, we ended up not paying for the drinks, so we didn't get any drinks, and we only got our food. Hmmm...maybe efficiency doesn't always equal accuracy. I think if I was younger and more hipster, I would like this place. But I wasn't super into the vibe here and I was really not into all the sectioned off rooms that made the whole place just super confusing to navigate.
4	If your looking for a fabulous place to have some coffee, meet with friends, waste some time or grab a bite to eat, Lux is the place. This local coffee shop is better than any chain coffee place.  Walk into this place and you will know why.The atmosphere is a place where you can grab a seat on a couch and relax and enjoy your coffee or meal.  This is a great place to bring a lap top and do some work or play. This is a place that you could visit any time of the day or night.  Reminds me of a little coffee shop in downtown Denver that I used to visit. The coffee is delicious and they have delicious pastries if you like. The only reason I give this a four star is they don't offer a Thai iced tea. :(
5	I had the tropical tea the first time I went and I was impressed. I live off tea. I'm not much of a coffee drinker but I was craving a good iced coffee this morning. The caramel black and white did not disappoint. I loved it!!!! Also, I tried a croissant because I love a good croissant and I had to stop myself from going back for another. New favorite place, and I'm excited that I work down the street.
3	Ok.  Let me start by saying that even though I'm a pretty confident guy, I don't consider myself to be "cool" or "hip" in any way.  I wear far too much plaid for that to be the case.  I was looking for a place in the area for a nice chai latte before heading to rehearsals, and this place had the highest / most reviews, figured I had to give it a shot.  I actually went in three different businesses looking for this one, so right off the bat I feel like an idiot.  I ordered my chai, even though I wasn't sure they had it - because there really is no menu displaying what your options are (I'm certain this is in an effort to be cool).  The beverage was ok, nothing special, but ended up costing me almost six bucks.  I will give them this - the ambiance is pretty amazing.  There are many places to sit and chill, lots of nooks and funky chairs, including a pretty cool back patio.  Outside of that, I just felt out of place and uncomfortable - despite the great soundtrack and pretty people.  So - I'm sure if I were cooler, or younger, I'd dig this joint, but it's just not my cup o' tea.
5	Lux. If you've tried their coffee, pastries, or other assorted goodies then you are likely  a believer. Yes they are are always busy. You will likely have to wait in some sort of line, depending on when you go. Your patience will be rewarded by your taste buds singing praise for a job well done. Most of their drinks tend to run less sweet (which isn't a bad thing) but they provide a variety of sweetener options to enhance the flavor to your preference.I recommend picking up coffee beans if you have a grinder, or alternatively, I believe they can grind it for you.  This is truly a gem in Phoenix and without a doubt, my favorite coffee joint.
4	Food fresh and good for you. Great atmosphere. Didn't get last star only because it was hard to figure out what to order while in line and felt very hurried. Will definitely come back.
4	I am very adventurous and I often stop in to check places out first, so I am glad I read the Yelp reviews before I did or I never would have found the place. Sure, you can see the sign out by the road, but the sign announces three separate businesses and there is no discernible entrance. You have to park in the back lot and walk in from the rear. There is no sign above the door. I wouldn't have found it if I hadn't known to look for it, and if I hadn't been brave enough to blindly walk into an unmarked business. You could park on the side, right where you pull in off of Central Avenue, but know that you must go in at the middle point where the two buildings meet, and it feels like a back-door entrance. You must be cool enough to know how to get in the place. (joking).The menus are shit. Meaning, you really have to look around hard to find the menus--it's not like there is a big wall menu above the counter, which is how it SHOULD be. It makes it tough for people in line to decide what they want, because everyone is craning their necks around everyone else in line just to read the posted menu. It is TERRIBLE. So they should improve on that. However, that being said, the bakery items on display look fab, and to taste them is divine. I wound up grabbing a box of pastries and a coffee to go. Best scones EVER, and worth $3 a piece because they're big.My Americano was not that good--it tasted like it was made from instant coffee. But at $3 it was big and it was hot and it was coffee. That was okay for me, but I probably will not order that there again. It looks like they have lots of much more interesting choices to choose from, and if I had more time I would have tried something other than my old stand-by.The food menu exists...you have to use bifocals. But look for it because the lunch and breakfast entrees look WONDERFUL. The seating looks more conducive to coffee and cocktail drinking. There is a big long table inside that looks like you can eat a meal at it. It is community style dining. There are tables in back, and tables outside that look like you can eat comfortably there.I have to point out that it is the most hipster/pretentious place EVER but in a good way. If you feel uncomfortable being judged by the hipster group, don't go. It is a really cool place and I plan on taking my sister there. She'll love it. My kids would hate it, but they are teenagers and think they're  too cool to be seen there, if that makes any sense. I loved it but in a fishbowl kind of way. I am not that cool, but I liked looking. What will get me back there is THE FOOD!Oh, and the people are VERY FRIENDLY! :) ...which is always a plus.
4	Solid iced coffee experience. Tastes like coffee :) High octane stuff. Food offerings are fresh and unique, I can see why it's always so busy. Parking could be better, but it's kinda right in the middle of one of the largest cities in the nation, so who's complaining?
5	Super cute cafe!! The latte macchiato was delicious and loved the presentation. I tried the farm vegetable eggs with potatoes and could not have made a better choice. Very yummy! The ambiance of the cafe is great. Looks modern and feels comfy. Only complaint which really isn't a complaint is that our food took a long time to come out. I've heard of others complaining of this before, but it's not necessarily a bad thing when you are having a catch up date with a friend. Great place!!
3	My study group and I were looking for a late night place to study and found Lux. Surprisingly, one of the very few place open after 10 pm.! If anyone knows of places please share... Anyways, the place is great, very different, and fun. Was definintely hard to find, if you have never been here before you may have a hard time trying to find the place! I've only had their drinks which are pretty good, as far as studying goes... good luck. This place is way too loud to be studying with a group. Unfortunately, its the only place we know of that is open late.
5	My string of visiting exceptional coffee houses over the last week continues, this time in Phoenix.  Lux bills itself as a micro-roaster.  It is that, as well as a great place to work, network, meet friends old and new.  A great find in Phoenix!  If I continue to travel for work, Lux will be a must-visit stop when in Phoenix!  I recommend the House Special Black & White Latte.
5	Great food and coffee. Actually, some of the BEST coffee I've had in town. Love the atmosphere, too.
5	Amazing place mac n cheese,pudding burger and coffees are to die for. Good vibes and very relaxed place. Even though it's hidden and a bit hard to get to it's well worth it. For sure will be coming back again.
4	I'm not going to lie- I'm a hard woman to impress with coffee.  It's good, definitely not burnt or weak, and more flavorful than Starbucks.  Did it blow my mind?  No.  I did get a raspberry thumbprint cookie which was REALLY good though, and all of their baked items looked delicious. I highly recommend getting something with your coffee, even if you have to eat it later.The atmosphere was as described - 'cozy' and with lots of character if not a whole lot of places to stand while waiting for your drink.  It is a good place to sit and chat, as there is lots of seating alcoves.  It was little crowded when I went (Thursday afternoon), but the staff had the flow down and the wait wasn't bad.I won't be driving cross town just to get a cup though, but I might stop in again if I'm in the area.
5	one of my favorite new places to eat and drink in the central phx area. ask the bar tender for an "old fashioned old fashion" and order the NY strip with sauteed kale.
4	Little did I know, they have an area around the corner, past the bathrooms that is much more calm!! I am now a fan :)
5	Favorite coffee shop ever! Such an amazing energy, atmosphere! They make homemade whipped creme and their Vanilla Latte with almond milk AMAZING! The atmosphere is like no other! The Kale Salad was also delicious!
2	Fly to the Northwest and get some lessons. You don't have to sacrifice customer service for cool. Being new here from Seattle I know my standards are probably too high but the coffee shop is the 21st century pub. The idea that a cross section of community could be in one place is the value a coffee shop adds to community. That old, young, and all the other things that make humans different could come to one place is a pretty great and NOT new idea. I travel a lot, so my kids (15,13, 12) and I have a tradition that has become a pretty important time in their life and a great experience for us. Before I leave on a long business trip we go out late (on purpose) cause my kids think its cool to go out late, to a coffee shop, they usually get a hot chocolate or something and a get a drink, we laugh, drink our favorites, tell stories, I teach some valuable life lesson that they probably don't catch, we post some instagrams, then we go home, they sleep in and I'm gone providing for my family when they wake up.I am not bothered that this "coffee shop" doesn't serve coffee after midnight. I don't care that its a little hard to find (it added to the adventure) or that it was a little confusing when we walked in where to go or who to talk to (felt like we entered somones private club). What spun me is how we were treated. Lets start with - there was someone who worked there folding napkins who I walked past 3 times and finally had to stop her from what she was doing to find out who to order from, she then gave me a dirty look like I was bothering her and when she saw my kids with me she looked at me like "what the hell are you doing here?" I knew this was true when I OVER HEARD HER TALKING TO A COWORKER ABOUT US, AND MY KIDS BEING THERE! Lux if you don't want kids there, hang a sign. And if your going to talk crap about your customers at least text and and take my money so I don't know it. And if you don't like your job, get a different one.The only positive, and the reason I gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is I finally got some help from the bartender who was pretty kind.Terrible first impression.
4	This place has changed so much since high school. Which by the way I graduated 2006. My friends and I will come here everyday after school. This was the hangout spot. :) I love how there's different rooms, different atmosphere in each room. I love this place. A really good place to catch up with a good friend. And of course a good place to do homework and such.:))
4	It's hard to find a quality, iced coffee that works like jet fuel but doesn't taste like it. Lux does it right and if I lived closer, I'd probably be powered by them on the daily.Lux is pretty trendy with their communal benches, mishmash of thrift store-looking furniture and their cast of tattooed employees who keep Urban Outfitters in business. The crowd is a mix of business professionals and your average hipster; it's a place where worlds collide in the name of good coffee. There's plenty of seating inside and a nice little patio, but the place can get crowded during high traffic times, so sometimes it's just in your best interest to grab and go. It's pretty noisy in there, but I always see people in there pounding away on their laptops, so if you can concentrate with that kind of distraction, this might be a fun place for you to get some work done.Lux has a solid list of coffees (a regular iced coffee only runs you $2!), breakfast items and a daily selection of pastries that include muffins, scones, quiche and croissants. You can also buy coffee beans from them and you get a fun reusable jar that you can bring back again and again which you'll probably want to do because their coffee is fantastic.One of the things they could work on is the flow of their line during busy hours. It's confusing and awkward and when you get to the counter your drink isn't ready so you just kind of mill around trying not to bump into other coffee-jonesing patrons. The only other thing I don't like is the straws being a free-for-all situation. I don't come armed with my own straw for iced coffee so it pains me to reach into that open container and try to pick a straw that maybe hasn't been touched by 150 other hands.Lux would do well on its own if it served its coffee out of a cardboard box on the side of the road, but it goes the extra mile giving, providing that atmosphere that makes it one of those spots worth coming back to, dicey straws and all.
5	Coolest coffee shop I've been to in Phoenix so far! Definitely not your average coffee shop! They have an extensive menu with lots of fresh and local products they cool with. The menu changes daily too which is so much fun. This place is close to school so I can see myself spending lots if days studying on their comfy couches. Their long wooden dining table was perfect for us nursing students to spread out million books out on! My iced skinny caramel latte tasted like it was full of cals and goodness! The coffee beans they use are sooo much more tasty than Starbucks! There's also a bar on one side. We saw oranges being squeezed into champagne and the drink menu was something special! Will have to test it out in a day I don't have my nose in my books! Brain has to rest, right?! This is one of those hard to describe places, so you must indulge for yourself! Most definitely a place to try!
4	love this place for baked goods, ambience and art, and did I say baked goods?  I have a small child and its not great for him unfortunately, so only 4 star.  Most places have a kids corner or high chair and on my last visit they didn't.  But I can go alone and do and enjoy it.  LOVE THE URBAN VIBE, and the local artists.
4	I love it. music is good, people (workers and clientele) are great, the food is the bomb. Ive had the risotto which is so so good (no meat and still amazing and light), also the bacon and jalapeno mac n cheese is so yummy. I love these two so much I havent even ventured to try other menu items but im sure they're good as well. My ONE caveat is that the wifi is so SLOW. Most likely because they always have a full bustling house. If they could fix this, I would be there much more often. I work from home/am mobile with work, and would love to work here more!
5	To keep it short and simple... This place is my favorite.Great coffee, great sweets, great food, great service, great people, great owners, and so on... I love Lux!
5	OK, so I've only been here once, and only to shoot a short film in one of the many, many rooms inside the fun and interesting maze that is Lux.  I had some tea and a breakfast pastry of some kind, which were both great.  I wanted to try so much more, but we were on a shooting schedule (thanks for the space, BTW) and didn't want to look like a hog on-camera.So it may be tricky finding parking, but you can easily take the light rail here too.  And it's worth it when you get inside.  We were there on a Saturday very early when just a few regulars and the staff milled about.  But as it started to fill up, I could sense the community that develops because of the atmosphere.  It reminded me of the coffee houses in the Pacific Northwest; like Seattle, a place I've never been but where I hear coffee was invented in 1991 by Captain Kirby Starbuck (I jest).  Anyway, it is both a place to sit alone and enjoy your breakfast/coffee on a comfy couch with a good to mediocre book, and a place where you go to meet people and talk because you're forced to by the people hogging the nice seats.  Also, you can wear your Matisyahu t-shirt here and people will get it (they may groan, but they get it).So go to Lux to make some friends, level up on your hipster points, or just hide out because it's probably better than the Starbucks closer to you where all the unfriendly snowbirds hang out.  Oh, and it appears they're open and night too, serving alcohol, which is a bonus.
4	Super cute and the quiche is scrumptious. Went for a layover, not too far from downtown and fell in love with the awesome vibe. If ever I'm in Phoenix, I'll be coming back for sure!
5	Amazing food amazing music amazing staff...lots of room to find the perfect spot that works for you and your party. This is a place to go and spend hours at because everyone is friendly, artistic and from all kinds of backgrounds. Great for STUDYING also, if you enjoy somewhat busy and loud places to study...I know I do
5	I thought this coffee shop was going to be small but it was huge! Their vanilla latte deserve 2 thumbs up  however I can pretty much say the exact opposite about their latte macchiato. This is such a great place to sit with friends, people watch, or do homework. I will definitely be back.
4	This is a very cool place and great coffee and pastries. The bad part is the music is way too loud that its sorta irritating.
4	I am giving 4 stars as a compromise with my wife.  We ate breakfast here because of the high ratings.  The place is easy to find and had lots of seating inside.   Looked like they were remodeling a patio outside which will be nice seating in the summer.   First the coffee is good.  If you are looking for coffee this is a good place.  It is also a decent place to hang out with friends.  Plenty of seating with music in the back ground.  I would have to give 5 stars for this.  The food was ok to me.  My wife liked her quiche and that's where we compromised on the rating.  I thought the food had a decent taste but the portions were small for what the prices were.  I don't mind paying more for food as long as there is some knock your socks off flavor but that just didn't happen.  I had the biscuits and gravy with sausage.  It came with 1 biscuit and runny gravy with a little bit of sausage.  Just didn't cut it for me.  I even ordered a side of hash browns that were pretty skimpy too.  Good place to eat if you like to eat kid sized portions.
5	THE Best coffee spot in Arizona! They have awesome coffee and it is way better than any commercialized coffee such as Starbucks...I had the cappuccino and it was perfect right on the dot! This place is kind of hidden but once you find it you'll keep coming back for more!
4	The pumpkin pie is awesome!!!! The scone was good.  The atmosphere is cool and I totally recommend this place for anytime of meet-up!
4	Awesome latte! I ordered the iced Black and White latte which is basically dark and white chocolate topped with their house made whipped cream. Delicious! Didnt go there for their breakfast or baked goods but everything looked good. It's a small place so i imagine it can get even more crowded than how it was when we went there.
3	Aaaaahhhhhhhh! I walked into this place happy, and instantly turned into hipster emo girl. what is going on? The music is really sad and there are a lot of flies around. Get me outta here. The coffee and treats are always good though.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Lux.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the coffee, but I absolutely HATE the atmosphere.  If you are a hipster sporting apple products and don't want to look anyone in the eye while walking around with a superiority complex, then this place is for you.  The service was not that great.  The baristas seem to think that they are doing me a favor by even looking at me, let alone serving me coffee.  That being said, I will still continue to come here.  The coffee is THAT GOOD!
4	Just visited Lux on Saturday night. I was a bit apprehensive to try it based on  its 'hipsters-only' reputation, but I was pleasantly surprised once I entered. Yes, there was a couple of clusters of iMac-bearing-no-eye-contact-having folks but once I made my way to the bar, the crowd got more social. Young and old, everyone seemed to be enjoying their artfully crafted beverages and eclectic atmosphere. The music was good, the food was delicious, and in addition to all their fancy, herbal-infused mixed drinks, they house a wide variety of craft beers. Overall a great experience. Looking forward to trying out their coffee & breakfast next time.
5	After a long and exhausting day all I want is somewhere relaxing. A friend suggested this place! Which it was a great choice! A friend of mine ordered some dessert and I tried and it was yummy. As I am not a coffee drinker I ordered Honey Gensing tea. It was light but still taste the honey and Gensing in it. We were just there to relax a bit not knowing they have band playing for the NYE until count down. We were lucky enough that we found some seats that were on the front row and in the middle. We sat comfortably the rest of the night listening the band playing and was relaxing.
5	Staff seem happy to work there and very helpful. The breakfast egg sandwich is AMAZING and the scones are delish! Get there early or afternoonish to avoid the rush :-)
5	Nice place. I like the atmosphere. Food is good and coffee is good. It looks that the place getting good reputation as you eill see a lot of people.
4	This place is pretty great. Unlike some reviews, I found the staff to be pretty awesome. Even if they are in a bad mood, smile at them and they'll smile back! Their coffee drinks are pretty legit and the pastries are some of the best in the area for the price. It would get five stars if they had more selection of coffees but maybe it's because I like my coffee black. Overall, best coffee house in Phoenix so far.
4	The name of this place says it all. Such a lux place to sip on coffee, read a book, people watch and study. An even more lux place to order a meal too! Ive been here twice and the drive is always worth it. The employees are super friendly, people courteous of seats, very hip, a great find!
5	This little gem is by far my favorite coffee shop in Phoenix! Or at least this is what I tell people when I am actually skipping off to have a Bloody Mary and Mac n Cheese. It can be a little confusing going in for the first time because you can either order from the line near the entrance or you can go over and sit at the bar area and order there. If you choose to sit at the bar be sure to ask for Luke. I don't know much about this tall handsome work of art but I can tell you he makes THE BEST drinks in the area. Just tell him what type of drinks you typically like and he will whip something tasty up for you. Don't expect it to be quick though... remember... there is an art to getting the best drinks in Phoenix. Be patient and you will be pleasantly surprised!! I keep telling all of my friends to visit this place but I think I am going to stop so I can enjoy my bloody mary in peace with Luke.
4	I am not quite sure why people love Lux so much. I mean its good... Great coffee. I pick up beans on the weekends sometimes when its not so packed. But the baristas are inconsistent, there is always a line 20 miles long, and the my dirty chai latte is always and I repeat, always lack luster... It's beautiful inside and if you like standing around waiting for a place to sit or crowded around the register then this is the place for you! The decor is shabby chic which I love and the teal typewriters give such a cool touch. The small windows inside allow the light to shine in, just so. If you do so manage find a seat, this is the kind of place you want to sit and write music or to your diary, sketch, or do something of an artistic nature. AKA hipster heaven. Breakfast here is really good though. I go to church across the street and sometimes we stop in here after for a bite. The bacon and eggs with a croissant are the perfect little tummy fill for a day of meandering around midtown. The thing I really appreciate about Lux (and what ultimately bumps it to 4 stars for me) is that they are a late night coffee stop. While most of the shops in the cenpho area close their doors at 7, you will continue to find the lights on at Lux.
5	Arguably the best iced soy mochas in Arizona. Perhaps beyond Arizona but my taste testing of mochas is somewhat geographically limited. I would hate to overstate. This place has really tapped the arse of every possible stream of revenue. Coffee... fancy coffee... freshly squeezed juice, homemade pastries, sweet and savory, packaged cookies, breakfast lunch and dinner, cocktailsIf you are lucky. Chocolate chip almond paleo cookies- but if you are GF, make sure to ask them to use a different spatula to avoid cross contamination!My only gripe - (gosh even typing that word I sound grouchy!)... is that it seems they ALWAYS run out of gluten free baked goods EVERYDAY, VERY EARLY. AGHH! .... Seems like quite the missed opportunity for them. They do a great job at creating what they do, but golly, make MORE. If people ask you all day for these things, and you are always out at 10:00am. hmmm... Anyways. When out of GF fresh goodies, you will be directed to bagged peanut butter cookies. Blah. No thanks. Alright enough grouchy lady this morning! I do LOVE this place, love the vibe, the dutch pancake (savory) is crazy good etc. Every Phoenician should know this place. Just saying..
4	The coffee is good, love the presentation and the pastry I had was delicious. Later I tried the savory Dutch pancake which was pretty good. However, the music at this place is too loud and horrible. I went there for a few hours and eventually got a headache listening to their obnoxiously loud and annoying music. Nothing soothing about it. Please change it up or lower volume next time. I'm into all types of music so it wasn't the genre or anything, it simply was not good and too loud.
4	I live right around the corner and love to walk over and get coffee. This place is amazing, the coffee was a strong and great.  Every single staff member that i came in contact with was fantastic.  I have not had a chance to eat anything at Lux but i am sure that it is going to be great.There are a couple negative points about Lux.  The lighting inside is rather dark and makes reading while there kind of hard.  The only other negative aspect is that sometimes there is a long wait for your drinks and people who order after you get your drink long before you do.But i know that those small negative points will not keep me away from Lux.
5	Cute little spot in Central Phoenix. The coffee and lattes are amazing. The baked goods are good but nothing special.
5	Nothing beats good coffee, homemade pastries and breakfast dishes.  Everything tastes fresh and delightful. The best yogurt parfait I had ever eaten, smooth, soft with balanced crunchiness from the granola.  Not too sweet, just right!  Wish I could have this everyday.  Will definitely come back to Phoenix for this place!
5	The coffee is good and the whole place has a great "roasting" aroma.
4	The honey latte is amazing! The atmosphere is a bit too hipster for this dad...but the java keeps me coming back whenever I'm in town!
1	How do you loose a good customer? At 5:24 tell them that they can not order the Mac and cheese because you do not start dinner for 6 minutes. Really, what are you McDonalds? You take the order and tell me it will be a few extra minutes as they set up for dinner. Why would you turn away a paying customer? It was a to go order so the wait would not have been a big deal. I even suggested that and the girl stated that she could not do that. Major customer service fail. Like any customer I have a choice as to where to spend my money. I assume you no loner want me to spend it at your business. Drop the attitude
4	Hipsters = a subculture of men and women typically in their 20's and 30's that value independent thinking, counter-culture, progressive politics, an appreciation of art and indie-rock, creativity, intelligence, and witty banter Lux = Coffee house hipsters like to visitI personally do not think I am a hipster, but when I walked in Lux, I thought wow if I were to open up a coffee shop this is exactly how I would want it to be, Coffee, Wine, in house pastries, plenty of seating, sofas, back room, outside seating, art work hanging, Yes this is the set up I would have, only thing I would change would be the music, I'd be more jazz and blues.It's close to Midnight on a Sat night and I'm a coffee drinking fool and am always into finding a local coffee shop, found out Lux is opened to 2am on Friday & Saturday nights, that's pretty sweet to me.  I read the board and saw espresso macchiato so that's what I ordered & asked if they could add caramel to it and she told me I will get a caramel latte.  Ok I'm getting the caramel latte then. My coffee order was up, and I have to say I'm pleased with the presentation, very swanky, and the latte itself was good, the creamy froth stayed though out the entire drink, you know how sometimes it fades away, not here, it was frothy creamy all the way to the last drop.  I enjoyed it very much.Now I just wish Lux was closer to me, I could see myself coming here often if it was.
3	Tried this place today on the way to the dog park with a friend. It was crowded and I felt a little out of place since I'm not super "hipster." My iced soy chai was super bland and watered down. I will probably stick to my usual coffee joints from now on. 3 stars for a cute location and decent price.
3	Perfect for the run of the mill gentrification experience of Central Ave. Pretentious.  But, great atmosphere (once you walk through the Macbook convention).
5	de LUX! I come here for one thing and one thing only, Lattes! Alright, fine, I come here for their baked goods as well. An eclectic crowd assembles here drinking their coffee and conversing, or deep in their computers. Lux is a very cool coffee house that you can relax for an hour or so or grab a joe and go. Definitely one of the top 5 coffee houses in PHX!!
4	The awesome thing about Phoenix that even most locals don't know about is how the best food places are discreet and tucked away. Lux is one of those places. I drove down Central countless times and never noticed it. Now, I can't stop pointing it out to others!I LOVE the vibe there. As soon as you walk through the double doors, people are scattered throughout the numerous couches, chairs, stools, tables, and futons they have, each with their own story. You have to seat yourself after you order your own food, so if you want a sit down dinner with some peace and quiet, maybe this isn't the best place. I still go on date nights because I love the atmosphere and the energy. Sometimes it's so packed that you have to sit next to a perfect stranger, but that's never bothered me. Going to Lux means being open - be open and you'll get the most out of your experience.The only grievance I have is that I wish they served breakfast longer because their menu is perfect! I swear by their biscuits and chorizo gravy, it is to DIE for. Their bacon is great by itself, too. Their black cherry Italian soda with cream my choice of drink, and their pastries change from day to day. I love being surprised with their choices each time I go. Place your dishes and cups in the plastic bin near the kitchen on the way out - clean your immediate area, place everything in that bin, and they'll take care of the rest. Again, some people hate that part of it, but I love it. I feel like I'm part of it all.Maybe it's "hipster" to some, but to me, it's a great representation of Downtown Phoenix: cool, relaxed, independent, yummy, colorful.
4	Grabbed a quick breakfast here before our flight back to Seattle. After asking about options without egg, they told me I could order the oatmeal. While I wasn't particularly enthralled with the idea of oatmeal that morning, I went with it since breakfast with an egg allergy is often a difficult - so one option is better than none.Holy hell, was I glad I opted for the oatmeal!! This might have been one of the best oatmeals I've had served to me yet! Served in a giant coffee mug, it was covered with a generous pile of warm toasted pecans and juicy raspberries, with a mingling of raspberry juice and (I think) maple syrup to sweeten the oats underneath. It was filling, it was simple, it was delicious, it was heavenly. As I board my flight back to my home hundreds of miles away, I don't know whether I love or hate them for setting the oatmeal bar so high when I can't go back every time I'm craving this decadent bowl of oatmeal. :)Coffee was also good!
5	5 STARS for:-Awesome straight-up coffee-Great coffee drinks-Fresh brewed iced teaand...-Atmosphere plus!  This is a great place to meet up with someone, or just to take some time for yourself, grab a beverage, read or get some work done using the free wi-fi, people-watch, etc.  The staff is always friendly, and there's never a dull moment once you're inside. So much to see, from the eclectic decor to the eclectic clientele.
5	Premium drinks. Whether I'm in need for caffeine boost or a relaxing personalized and seasonal cocktail. Have always been so pleased with their product!Food and pastry selections never disappoint.It's not surprising that this place is busting at the seams busy but I can't say that I've ever felt neglected or that their quality of service/product has suffered!
5	I find myself craving impeccable smooth coffee similar to Intelligentsia, Toby's Estate, Stumptown, Counter Culture, Blue Bottle, [insert  more brands to reinforce coffee snob elitism]... the whole artisan coffee scene that lacks in Arizona overall. I think Lux is the answer for Phoenix's market for  coffee connoisseurship and boutique roasting. Lux is industrial chic. Vintage industrial with soft touches of retro typewriters on tables. Its a muted scream of modernism without trying to hard. It's so effortlessly cool, clean, simple. The front side of the building facing East is all brick and hard to tell that there's even an awesome business running, let alone of what nature. Seems almost as if you have to be in the "know" to find it and hear about it. Everywhere are cute hipster boys and girls which makes me fall in love and turn into a total creep peering and drooling not so secretly. The bar is a nice touch that was much needed and I'm glad they've now incorporated that into the place. Coffee comes at the perfect temperature- not too hot where beans burn and leave a bitter sharp lingering muddle. The latte art is cool and a nice touch. You can get your coffe as a drip, chemex, French press.  Not sure about hario pour over or aeropress although I think they do have that option (unless I'm mistaken for a diff coffee shop in Phx area that offers that too)Quality coffee is definitely prevalent. They roast their own coffee so you know it's fresh. The foam is always light and fluffy and not filled with too dense bubbles. Definitely lickable. They offer almond milk which is so refreshing as an alternative to soy. The music can get loud sometimes so I tend to venture into the back patio. I haven't tried Lux's food but I'm sure it is up there, and if not, Pane Bianco right is next door.My only one complaint (which I could care less about also) is that the line is a little akward when it gets backed up into the entrance but sometimes runs also into the middle of the room.
5	This is one of my guilty pleasures in Phoenix. The coffee, staff, atmosphere, daily food and pastry selection is absolutely amazing. If you haven't tried these yet (for those of us who love our strong coffee) I would recommend you to: Andy's 6-shooter and Dr. Lux:)
5	I can't get enough of this place. Love the coffee, the baked goods and the atmosphere. They're open late and if you're not in the mood for coffee, you can take a seat at their bar. Be sure to ask for a punch card. You get a free coffee after ten purchases.
5	The cinnamon roll was delicious. The white mocha is my favorite. Their homemade whipped cream can be added to any drink and I recommend it. The food menu items change on a daily basis. Wonderful place in downtown. Many options to eat and drink. Friendly staff and great atmosphere. Great place to get work done or just hang out. Highly recommended!
5	Stopped in to grab coffee.  Freshly squeezed lemonade was quenching.   Cute spot with all kinds of hip things going on in there.  Food so good.  Parking is tricky.  Park in the back.  There is an outdoor picnic table area.  I would definitely come back to this place.  Love it!!!
4	Went to Lux on a Saturday morning for the first time. It was packed and the line was from the counter to the door. Lucky for me, I was in line in front of John a frequent customer who told me that during the week there is not usually a line and he is usually in and out. I ordered the Egg sandwich and a caramel latte both were very good and the prices were not bad. I was very happy that they offer both almond and soy milk as an option. I look forward to returning during the week  or on a weekend night and having a more relaxed experience.
1	Number one: there's too many hipsters, too many old people, and not enough cool people.Number two: why don't the people cooking food wear hair nets or hats?!Number three: what's with the stupid maze like layout? People always looked so confused in there as if they've all forgotten how to walk.Number four: the worst part of all, why do all the employees always look like they're way too cool to be nice and smile? Where's the customer service?Number five: I don't understand the middle aged bald DJ...Number six: I miss the old lux from 2006-2009 when it used to be cool.The end.
3	Okay.  Lux has very good coffee and great pastries and food; however, the place is a cluster-#@ck and for that, I give it 3 stars.  I try to avoid this place; however, when I'm meeting a friend who lives in the area it seems like the most viable option.The line to get coffee is ridiculous and there is no sense of order whatsoever in the place.  People kind of stand around behind the cash register waiting for their name to be called to get their coffee.  As far as seating is concerned, good luck finding a place to sit down comfortably.  If you find a seat, keep it, don't get up to pee, because someone will take it.Lux to me is more of a pick-up joint and not a coffee bar.  Everyone in this joint has a MacBook or MacBook Pro or iPad or iPhone.  Everyone here so desperately tries to be different and unique, but when you walk into the room, all you see are black-rimmed glasses and MacBooks staring at you.  Hipsters trying so desperately to be different, yet they all look the same.Listen, I really like the overpriced coffee here, it's delicious, but everything else about the place is annoying.Oh yah, parking also sucks, good luck with that too.
5	Awesome.  Service is friendly, food is good, beverages outstanding.  Always a great place to people-watch too.  :)See Jake at the bar.  The kid knows what he's doing.
5	Wonderful.  The coffee is super smooth and fresh.  I had the best vanilla latte of my life here.  They make their own whipped cream in house and will add a spoonful to your latte if you ask and it really pushes the drink over the edge into divine territory.  I love the decor here - a lot of hipster joints have gone for the industrial look and just feel cold (looking at you, Cartel), but this place is more of the woodsy bookshop feel.  It was very packed when I visited but  I still received my order quickly.   The pastries are pretty good too.
2	To start, I'm anticipating they went for a communal vibe, when designing this place, but it has gone horribly wrong. It is extremely over-crowded, it may have even be a fire hazard. The whole atmosphere was extremely rushed. The counter worker was okay, I wouldn't say friendly. My iced coffee was completely mediocre! The apple cornbread was amazing. Main con was that it was so over crowded, we had to wait for a place to sit, also parking was a chore!
5	Love, love, Love this place. Great atmosphere and the best coffee i have ever had. trendy place, always busy, open late, variety
5	My family and I go here every weekend and most weeknights. We absolutely love this place. Great breakfast in the morning and amazing cocktails in the evening. No other place like it.
3	Not that great of coffee at all. Coming from LA I've had way better. My latte tastes burnt and they take no care or time in presentation.  Ambiance is awesome, I'd come back for a drink but that's about all.
5	I have been coming to Lux for the past few months. As a recent California transplant, Lux reminds me of home and I enjoy that fact. Obviously the coffee, food, and atmosphere are all fantastic given the posts. I came in yesterday and mistakenly left my bose headphones behind. I returned this morning and figured they were long gone. If this were LA they would be long gone. To my surprise when I ordered my coffee and asked the barista if she had seen them, she knew what I was talking about right away and went to get them from the office. I really was not expecting that to happen. There are many reasons to come to Lux.
2	Disclaimer, this place is fine for what it is designed for - a super trendy place for extremely hip people to chill, socialize and be fabulous.  The music was decent but too loud for me.  Walking in there gave me anxiety because I had no idea where to order, what to order and once I was given the menu I felt extremely rushed.  The drink was just OK, I wish I would have had more of a chance to look at the menu but I just felt like I was in the way.  Once I found a seat I was so uncomfortable I ended up leaving to a different, quieter coffee shop.  I appreciate what the place is and should I have a friend come into town and we just want to go in to grab a drink and chat I may go back but at this time all I need is decent chair, an electric outlet and some good coffee and I'll be good to go.
5	Love this place morning and night!They have some of the most delicious pastries and breakfast, not to mention their lattes! I love to get a honey latte early in the morning. Went here the other night for the first time to check out their cocktails and it was a little strange at first to order cocktails without a menu but the staff there ask you what types of drinks you like and then just make something for you. I had two cocktails, one called the grapefruit (the had absolutely no grapefruit in it.. but tasted just like it!) the second cocktail was a mixed berry mojito, both were very tasty. The jalapeno mac was outstanding as well. Can't wait to go back.
5	Very cozy feel. Quality products. Quiche Lorraine was perfect and oven heated .highly recommend .
5	Lux addict here. I love this place. Great for dates or just hanging out with friends. I come here for specialty cocktails made by my friends. Just tell them any alcohol you prefer, sweet or savory, and fruit and they'll make you a delicious drink. Also, they have the best Mac and cheese in Phoenix. Highly recommended. I also love how they use in house artists to design their postcards (that come with your check.) They're great art pieces and I've been collecting them for some time. Love this spot.
4	I spent a blissful 2 hours reading at Lux today - with a delicious yogurt parfait and an almond milk latte!  Comfy couch, good music, and great people watching :-)
5	Places like this make me wonder why I ever go to Starbucks. Funky, wonderful coffee, nice people and amazing coffee cake make this a must breakfast stop.
5	I adore this place. The music, the people, the ambiance. It's the perfect place to meet up with a friend or catch up on work. The chai is incredible, as are the baked goods. Pane bianco next door is the cherry on top. :)
5	Lux almost gave us a reason to move to Phoenix.  We have had breakfast in many cities, including such notable breakfast cities as Berkeley, New York, and our own Somerville, but this has to be the best breakfast place ever.  The woman at the front desk of our hotel recommended Lux the first morning and during our entire stay in Phoenix we never went anyplace else for breakfast.  For starters the place has a great blue-state vibe--definitely not what we expected to find in Arizona.  And then there's the food which was truly amazing, especially the veggie hash with eggs and terrific toast and (another morning) the best oatmeal I've ever had.   The coffee was superb as well.  We never did get there for dinner but we're thinking we may have to return to Phoenix just to have breakfast at Lux.
3	I do love this place. it is so beautiful with its uniqueness and environment. The drinks are spectacular as well. I just don't really like the  customer service because every time i have been here ( like 5 times) they are always rushed or too busy to answer any questions. I also get a little weirded out by the fact the if you're not a "hipster" ...you know the ones that wear stripes and cardigans with flats or oxfords? lol well they will all just stare at you like "what are you doing here? hahaALSO when i first came here i didn't know how to order and what to order...so make sure you grab one of the menus located on the table by the pastries before you get in line to order that is, if it not packed like always. order your drink stand where everyone gathers (super cramped there) wait for your name to be called! If you order food... Thats a whole different story because i don't even know what to do yet.
5	If you're old enough to remember Cheers! That is the best way to describe Lux on Central. This is truly a place where everyone's knows your name. This is a steezy place for all occasions Monday - Sunday. All vibes are welcome young & old. I've met amazing creatives here. People's of all walks of life. I celebrated my 27th birthday here in the reading room & they made great accommodations for me & my large group. I hosted a documentary screening here in the projection room to a large crowed & even had it open to all patrons in the house that night. Lux is absolutely my favorite place to be for all periods of chill. The food here for me is an added bonus for me simply because I love the space so much. The atmosphere caters to everyone. I enjoy the unique rotating menu from breakfast to lunch & dinner. Excellent bar & coffee selections. This is home away from home.
5	Every time I'm in the area I always stop by Lux for a latte. Somehow Lux manages to imbue their espresso shots with a roasted marshmallow flavor that's unique and awesome. Sometimes a good latte from Cartel Coffee Lab will have a similar flavor, but I haven't encountered it anywhere else, including from 3rd wave coffee mecca Intelligentsia in LA. The lattes are the main reason I go to Lux; I've sampled some of the baked goods behind the glass display case, and the pies and quiches are quite good but I wouldn't make a special stop just for them.I suppose the place is kind of hipster, but I've always found the staff to be very friendly and welcoming when I roll up in my very non-hipster khakis-and-oxford working clothes. Much more welcoming than Press Coffee and Cartel, for sure. Espresso pulls from Lux are also much, much more consistent than either Press or Cartel. A little rearranging of the ordering and pickup area would be welcome - coffees are delivered to the same spot where you order, which leads to traffic jams. But drinks come out relatively quickly so it's not really a big deal.There is a lot of seating, but the place is always so hopping that you never know if you'll get a good spot to hang out or not. Worst case, there's a lot of communal tables where you can squeeze in. Bottom-line, go if you're a coffee freak seeking the perfect latte like myself. Their lattes absolutely give nothing away to avowed 3rd wave places like Intelligentsia or many others that I've tried. Kick back and enjoy the vibe and pretend you're in downtown SF or Berkeley while sipping the best lattes in town.
3	Hate to say, this is the worst experience ever, I've been here more then a few times, always getting their biscuits & gravy, eggs over easy. The biscuits were over cooked and the cook must not know egg temps, the last two times the eggs were over cooked and the yolk broken. I'm not saying this is the end of the Lux for me, but I will surely look for a new favorite breakfast place, which saddens me, because I love the staff.
4	I visited Lux for the first time with a friend for coffee and breakfast. The atmosphere was great! The place has hipster vibe as well. It is also has plenty of space to sit inside and outside. The coffee was everything coffee should be. I ate a blackberry orange scone - delicious! There's much more to be explored about this place, so I will definitely be back to try out some other things!
4	Total Northwest vibe. Soft woods mixed with industrial metal, high quality coffee drinks, pastries, quiche and hot food that are high quality and last but least a well-dressed, friendly, and professional staff.We sat and had coffee and various breakfasts, and hung out w/ no pressure to leave. Looking around I am already planning on heading back for a cocktail and/or glass of win later because the selection behind the bar looks nice.
4	I often visit this place to hunker down and do some work online. Its noisy, but comfortable. For a regular coffee, each size costs the same: $2. There are multiple rooms to settle down in, and it has a bar. The patio has no covering (Come on, Lux. This is Phoenix!), so if you sit out there during peak hours, the sun will slap you in the face. It's a friendly place though and they treat you like family. (wink)Try a peppermint latte. Mmmm.
5	Finally had the opportunity to visit Lux after such a long time of trying! Wow I can't believe it took me so long. This is such a cool concept and I'm so glad that it's here in DTN Phx!  From when you walk in you can see this place is a coffee shop, bakery, beer and wine bar, and restaurant all in one. Oh almost forgot, just 1 huge hangout spot! I felt totally relaxed talking to a group of friend over drinks. I specifically ordered the green tea and it was suggested I try the pinnacle mango flavor and I'm glad I ordered it. Very yummy. Wife ordered the six shooter which she could only finish half way, talk about a Jolt!! Basically coffee with 6 shots of espresso! Might be good for late night cram or a cross country road trip.lol.I got a chance to walk around and there are lots of rooms where you can study or meet with people. Plus I saw a bar where you can sit in front off as well as a few couches. Overall this place rocks. Soon my favorite coffee shop in Phx. Reminded me of a modern day Willow House from back in the day!  I just wish I lived closer so I could actually call Lux my neighborhood coffee shop.
5	still dreaming the quattro espresso con panna...those whip cream was so rich and dense that the whole thing tasted more like affogato...i was tempted to have another one... :Dthe pastries looked sooo good that if we hadn't already had a big breakfast, i would have totally ordered a few...well...def next time!
5	In town from the ATL and this is a coffee shop that all hipster livings folks should visit.  $2 coffee with free refills....can't go wrong!!They do need more outlets in my opinion, though I found one within a few minutes. Next time I'm in town, Indian School Rd & Central Ave is where I'll be.
4	This place is a maze inside... And they kept changing up how they were taking orders so service is a bit confusing, but still friendly and quick. I tried this sort of crepe with mushrooms, butternut squash and arugula, it was savory and delicious! The coffee was great too.
5	Lux is amazing. Yes, it is "hipster". Yes, it is a bit "crazy". I am neither but I love the fact that it's not a cookie cutter chain or wannabe-chain. My lattes have always been perfect but what I didn't expect is the best biscuits and sausage gravy in town!
5	Chester came in around 7PM and the place was hopping. The experience started well when Chester was greeted by a svelte strawberry blonde. She sold him on a vegan cookie. It was made of oatmeal and surely some secret ingredient (CRACK) that made it taste so good. The adorable brunette with bangs got the drink out FAST which was good because there were a lot of impatient coffee "connoisseurs" waiting in line behind Chester. Chester thinks the adorable baristas made a poopy day much better. The girl up front gave him such a nice complement and didn't rush Chester like they do at Sh*tbucks. It's amazing what a smile and good cup of coffee can do for Chesters' mental health. Thank you, Lux lady. Iced coffee, service, people watching, and vegan cookies are very good in Chester's humble opinion.
4	The food was phenomenal!! It was a tad bit on the expensive side, but it was def the best breakfast steak I have ever had! If you like coffee this is the place to visit! I'm giving it 4 stars just because it was a little over priced. Other wise we would go back again!
3	Good coffee. Nice atmosphere. Rude employees. Coffee was great and the food looked good too but the restaurant is super disorganized and confusing and the staff was rude.
5	A gem of Phoenix that rivals the best coffee shops in San Francisco and New York City.
4	Being from Baltimore, we don't have many coffee shops that serve alcohol as well.  I went with a friend who lived in the area for 6 years and raved about the place.  We didn't get to sit and enjoy the coffees, but we did get them to go.  Service was very fast.  Two iced Americano's were $6 total.  The vibe was very cool.  I loved the old typewriters on the tables.  Space was really big and a lot of people were studying/writing, etc.  The main room had a DJ and again, had a really cool vibe!  Will return if I come back to Arizona!
5	My whole family loves this place!  My recent discovery was a macchiato latte which was fabulous!  Daughter loves their pancake with fruit!  Everything here is good. We're certainly not hipsters, but feel very comfortable here!
3	UHHHH... don't worry about the hipsters. They're NOT the problem.I've been here a couple of times and I love the woodsy interior and exterior. I like the benches and mixed seating arrangement. I love the cushy chairs and internet connection is pretty strong. It kinda reminds me of Fourbarrel in San Francisco that I use to religiously frequent or Barbara's brewery in LA that I use to stop by after work to hangout and eat dinner at.However, my beef is that the crowd here is really mixed and mainstream-ish attracting Scottsdale types of people to try it out because they want to be "cool" too. I see dudes with slicked back hair looking all corporate but trying hard to be "laid back" by wearing perfectly pressed designer jeans. Man o man, that's retarded. Then there's a bunch of fat couples, mostly marrieds flaunting their togetherness that they're joined at the hip but they're having a "date night" and show that they too, can be "hip" like young, artsy, unmarried hipsters. BLAHThere's a bunch of fat fakeass bitches wearing $200 workout outfits giving the appearance that they just came from the gym and that they lead an "active" and "healthy" lifestye when they're in full make-up, their hair looked like they stepped out of the salon, and they order the fully loaded mac n'cheese (with bacon and other artery clogging ingredients) and drink soda. WTF. The pretentious level of this is place is really up the hilt.I'm slightly disappointed because I love coffeeshops and I like the kind of people that tends to go to coffee places- introverted, intellectual, quirky types. The vibe of Lux would be much cooler if people didn't come in acting like it's a meat market. Having the guys not walking by and heavily eyeing every chick would be good. But then again, not having chicks wear tacky, trashy outfits like it's a 90s rap video would awesome, too. Some dudes have space issues where they stand a little too close in the line which is a bit too creepy for my tastes.Ok, so I'm from LA which is a very introverted city. Maybe I'm not use suburban ways. Maybe I am not familiar with people standing too close to me and looking at me in a gross undressing way. Could be many things. Or it's just that this place attracts some sleazy energy.I don't drink alcohol. I have a college friend here and when we hangout (which is not often) and talk, I'll have a beer with him. I don't mind nursing a drink to socialize with cool people I know. But on the whole, I prefer to drink coffee when I'm solo so I can get some work done and not feel like I've stepped in some club.
4	Lux is for hipsters.. but for hipsters that enjoy coffee. Here you can come and sit alone on your laptop, taking up a table for six - while looking sad in your solitude. Because that what I found. College hipsters that wanted to sit in their loneliness, but at the same time being seen - because whats more important than being seen right? If you just wanted to be alone, you could go to a dive bar.. but today's ideals thrives on attention. It is almost that if there was a coffee shop/laboratory where you could enjoy your beverage alone but in public display.. I am not even sure where I am going with this. It is sad though that people rather text than interact on person.The coffee bar has interesting elaborate concoctions with more or less actual coffee in them. You can have your coffee with milk, flavors and/or soda. That's how it is, and I had myself some nice big flavory cup of something that was sweet and caffeine laced. I would come back here, even if I do not understand the hype. here comes those who wants to experience the act of breaking the mainstream, but joining another mainstream movements that is almost as big as the original mainstream - but with even more rules and expectations. Complete culture fail - but you can bear witness of the unedgy alternative neophytes with their beginner beards and nervous lackadaisical doe eyes.Again coffee was nice. I like coffee. I hate mock cultures that is nothing but a fashion statement. I also am very skeptical against mixing coffee with root beer. That's just wicked and gnarly. But as its stated before, they have something for everybody and they realize that coffee is also for evenings and not just for the early pick-me-up. Kudos Lux.
3	A hipster dive. Better than Starbucks. Relatively inhospitable if you're not a hipster yourself.  Don't order food here -- just stick to coffee.
5	Best bar in town for mix-drinks / cocktails...you named it, they will make it to perfection. Try Mojito (or Peach Mojito - in season only)...fresh squeezed juices, accordingly for the cocktails. Mixologists are cool and knowledge. Group of three or four is perfect. Two are best, since you can chill at the bar. Cheers!
3	First time here. It's got a cool vibe to it and the setup is interesting. Bustling place, came to meet friends from work and try their Mac and cheese. It was okay, nothing amazing but good nonetheless. Got a chocolate croissant but it tasted meaty so I returned it. They were nice enough to give me a refund.
2	Came here to study - because of the music, this place was louder than Saturday night bar even though it was early afternoon on a weekday. It is also full of out-of-work hipsters. Headed for a more coffee-shop like coffee shop.
5	After cartel in Tempe this is one of my favorite coffee shops in Phoenix! The staff is great! And the owner is often there so quality is always at the top.  The only real problem with the place is it's so popular it's often very crowded, if you want to meet someone there make sure to show up early so that you will have a spot. Outlets are plentiful and it's a great place to get work done. The food is delicious (and if you don't like it pane bianco is next door) and the pastries are dangerously good. The coffee is excellent and roasted in house. They're also surprisingly affordable, except for the meals and alcohol which aren't cheap but Aren't too expensive either.
5	Went there with a friend last night and had an amazing time. Atmosphere is great. Great background music and the coffee and pastries were a winner.
5	LOVE this place. Great coffee and pretty pastries as well. Love the environment and decor. It is great for just hanging out or getting some group work done. I love that they have a room where its noisy, a room with a TV and a quiet study room. In addition, there is a little outside seating area. Not a big fan because you are just looking at the parking lot, but it is Phoenix, so I didn't expect much. Usually I can't study when there is a lot of noise, but for some reason I was able to get a lot of work done there. AND there is a lot of outlets and FREE fast WIFI.
3	The Internet SUCKS!  I've been here several times and the Internet is very intermittent.  If they fixed it this would be 4 stars.  If they didn't charge $1.50 for a single normal sized cookie it would be a 5 star review.  Otherwise the atmosphere is pretty great (though a bit on the hisptery-side, nice selection of food, variety of seating, and the mac and cheese is fantastic.
4	Lux has recently become one of my favorite places in Phoenix. I always find myself craving their coffeee and if I lived closer I would be there probably every day. The type of customers who go to Lux greatly varies depending on the time of day. I showed up one day at 8 am and the line was to the door with mostly middle age- older customers. But then you get there at 9 pm and it's 100% full of hipsters. The drinks at the bar are great. I usually have no idea what I want but the bartenders are wonderful about creating something I never knew I loved. My only issue is that it can be difficult to find a seat sometimes. Also, their macaroni is fantastic. Don't think, just order.
4	What can I say?  Lux is a good spot with good food and good coffee. I had a salted chocolate chip cookie with my latte last night and it was delicioso.  I frequent this joint at night to work on the computer.  It's comfortable and the people are generally friendly.  A few of the reviews whine about the "fake Scottsdale" people and the "hipsters" that they have encountered at Lux.  Are you kidding me?!  The people are half the reason I go here- sightseeing!  If you're looking for a place where everyone looks the same and acts like a robot you'll be better served getting your caffeine at the ubiquitous coffee shop with the 'baristas" donning the green aprons.
3	Go to Starbucks. This is a place to be seen, not a place to enjoy coffee or get work done.
5	Best almond milk latte ever.  No need for sweet.  Love this place,  for coffee or wine or good local grub.  But what made my day was the apricots! You can keep your spotty, sad bananas, Starbucks!   I'll take 5 apricots,  please.
5	Love Lux. Great place to go for some coffee & chill with friends. Usually busy so plan to parallel park on the street (free) but luckily there's usually a seat available. If you're coming with more than 3-4 people plan to search for a seat. Free wifi & hipster-gazing. Also has food.
5	This is the best coffee bar I've ever been to, and I've been to a lot of cool coffee places. First off, the coffee is really good, which is obviously the most important thing you look for in a coffee place. But Lux was so much more than that. They had an incredible baked goods selection (the apple tart was delicious), a full menu of interesting foods, a mixologist on staff, and even a live DJ. That's right, a DJ, and I went on a friday afternoon. I went for lunch so I got the dutch pancake with potatoes, broccoli, spinach, cauliflower, topped with cheese. It was one of the most unique meals I've ever had but also one of the best lunches I've ever had. There was a good amount of seating, both outside and inside. Was the place hipster? Of course. Everyone had been mentioning that in their reviews. I haven't been able to figure out why white dudes with dreads and gauges makes coffee and food better but it does. That being said, Lux is not in short supply of said hipsters. And everything is unbelievable.
5	I love this place. Great decor, friendly staff and amazing food and drink. Their coffee is delicious and they make a great Old fashioned. I love stopping here when I am in the area. This place is doing it right and I hope they continue with what they are doing. I am a fan.
5	Great coffee shop.  Quick efficient service, outstanding bakery items, great breakfast items, and wonderful coffee.Lux is a perfect morning stop.  Highly recommend.
5	Beat coffee shop on town, even the iced coffee  is great and has not been sitting in a jar for 24 hours, this place is slammed in the morning for a reason , best place  simply Put!
5	this has got to be the best, most amazing little  coffee place i've ever experienced  besides cafe trieste in san francisco!! wish we had this in boston...
5	YES and YES... Awesome coffee shop. Beautiful ambiance and great tasting coffee. Breakfast was good. Customer service was nice. If you're in downtown PHX.. do yourself a favor and visit!
4	SO.DAMN.HIP!lots of eating disorders wearing stuff from anthropolgie taking themselves too seriously. I enjoy people watching here. Best place to watch public break ups.maybe if we all hold our breathe and promise not to move away phoenix will become a real city....
4	Came here with a friend not knowing what to expect. It was in one word; hip. I had a sazerac and the jalapeno bacon mac'n'cheese both of which were fantastic. The atmosphere is very chill and it was easy to find an area to suit your interests. The service was helpful and friendly and overall was a great experience! Definitely worth checking out if you're anywhere nearby.
5	Great coffee house. Amazing vibe. Food is really good. Coffee price is a bit high I think 4.20 for a small iced latte but it was worth it. I got the Mac n cheese and it was amazing.
5	I've been going here for three years now. Great coffee both locally and origin based and roasted onsite. Coffee is fresh, staff are polite and informational when it come to coffee. Atmosphere is alternatively fitting for a relaxing cup of coffee!
4	Delicious coffee & even better eggs! But ladies, don't even think about showing up without your high waisted shorts, your hair in a messy bun or your nerd glasses. I felt out of place a little bit but the coffee and good made up for it!
5	Awesome place to get whatever fancy coffee or pastry you'd like! Small breakfast menu makes the choices easy. I've never had lunch or dinner there and to my understanding the menu is always changing. They have a full bar as well! I always get the bacon, egg and cheddar sandwich and it never disappoints. My husband always gets the sweet Dutch pancake with their homemade whipped cream - also very tasty. Prepaid to to be patient as the lines are usually pretty long and seating difficult when it's too hot to sit outside on the patio. Employees are all very friendly. Definite hipster hangout - so be prepared for some interesting conversations and facial hair.
5	Wow. Went here for the first time this morning and plan on going back next weekend! We ordered two bloody Mary's and two breakfast sandwiches. Watching the bartender fix the bloody Mary's was entertaining and made our mouths water! It was the best Bloody Mary I have ever had! The sandwiches were a great choice as well, simple but tasty. The bill came and it was only $29 which I was shocked by. The bloody Mary's were only $8! The quality and the price can't be beat in the valley!
4	Lux is the place to go to if you're looking to experience Phoenix. You'll encounter a varied amount of individuals that inhabit the midtown area! All of the food I've had so far is great, although it is a bit on the pricier side. I also suggest pre-planning if you are going to study. The internet isn't the greatest  so download any books or articles you need ahead of time!
4	Great little hang out spot. Full bar, excellent coffee & tea, and great food. Definitely trendy. Good location, right off the light rail. If you're in the phoenix area and in the mood for something different, it's worth it!
4	Cool ambiance and the quiche was really good! The coffee cake was a little dry. My mom and I went and got 2 quiches, coffee cake and coffee and it was $13. Very reasonable!
5	A lot of people call this place 'hipster', and I suppose there are a lot of hipsters who love this place. But I am, in no way, a hipster, and I LOVE everything about this place. It is incredibly relaxed and the service is exceptional. Coffee is good, breakfast is good, cocktails are the best in town. Tell them what you like and let them make a custom cocktail for you. It feels like you are drinking cocktails in your living room, if your living room was full of interesting spirits and cordials. You will be surrounded by people from all walks of life and everyone will have a great time.
5	Very cool place. The service was excellent and everyone was so friendly. Haven't tried the coffee but the wine is amazing! Definitely will be back.
5	This place is awesome.  I've been here no less than 50 times in the last couple years.  It's great for getting a beer/cocktail, great for dinner, great for lunch, and they have amazing/quick breakfast options.  I sometimes work from here for half a day on the free/fast wifi (there's plenty of power outlets in the back room area.  Highly recommend this place.  Well done, Jeff Fischer!
2	Tried the blueberry corn muffin, the corn bread part was super dry and the blueberry part was super soggy ! Also the grill doesn't open till 7 and I came in at 630.
5	Brought my mom here and I think she felt really out of place, which typically (and correctly) means it was an entertaining experience.The clientele here make for highly entertaining people watching. At ten in the morning, there was the guy who never took his shades off, inside. His buddy next to him looked like a hired goon from a 1960s era James Bond, with slacks, a dark long sleeve button up shirt and a pony tail. Then in walked Phoenix's Russell Brand equivalent. Clearly either on molly or in a manic phase, homey was just LOVING life. Everyone in his path got a high five or a hug and a smile, with his dreads flopping this way and that. At some point he walked behind the counter like he owned the place, because apparently the baristas needed hugs and high fives too. Then his girlfriend walks in, a beautiful girl covered head to toe in body art. They eventually walk over to Shades and Igor and he introduces her to them. Her name is Goddess. I half expected her to begin an incantation, but apparently she wasn't so moved.Not everyone in Lux is as awesome as these people, there are a fair share of people who didn't look like they throw their enemies into pools filled with sharks or have bipolar disorder. Boring people like me. Fortunately there will be enough characters who could have walked out of a B-movie that you shouldn't get bored. Suffice to say that you will likely be entertained.The food was very good as well, and the coffee was perfect. The scene here is so rad though that those come as an asterisk.No great if you: are looking for a Starbucks equivalentGreat if you: need a high five and a hug
5	There iced Carmel macchiato is the best! You need to check this place out. There open late! It's very hipster in here and great place to hang out
4	I automatically earned 5 more cool points just for stepping foot inside this coffee shop. At least, that's what I think! This new location for Lux is much "cooler" than the other location. Everyone works on their computer at community tables or couch-like settings and sip on delicious coffee with Lux's signature homemade whip cream. Lux's coffee is some of my favorite and the whip cream is absolutely my favorite. Besides wi fi, coffee and tasty pastries, this coffee shop also serves up breakfast and lunch but the choices are minimal. However, the food looks delicious but I have yet to have a meal here. This is a great spot to set up shop to work, but if you plan on doing so, get there early because it fills up fast!
5	Great coffee and great atmosphere.
5	If you look up the antonym to hipster you will find my photo.We were referred here by our awesome waiter Matt at the Henry for drinks. It was a Saturday night, about 10 pm and my boyfriend and I went dressed up (NY standard, not PHX standards) like we usually are to go out and needless to say the minute we stepped foot inside I felt a little out of place. But we forged through the coffee area to the back bar area. We found two cozy seats and were greeted. I have to say although I look very different then anyone working there and most people going there they were all very nice to us and helpful (which I cannot say of all "hipster joints" *cough* Cartel *Cough*). If you like a great cocktail and even to challenge your palate, You HAVE to go hear! They have all quality liquors and mixers and to make it even better, there is NO cocktail menu. They can make all the classics, but the fun part is telling them what you like and don't like in a drink and they will create fabulous concoction just for you! I am talking rose water, lavender, all kinds of herbs and unique flavor profiles and combinations. To make it better, the prices are reasonable! To get a fabulous hand-made cocktail with all top shelf and beyond liquors for $8-$10 is a great deal and  they don't use ice and "fillers" to cut you short, with a couple drinks you will feel, let's say, relaxed...Now the Mac-n-cheese with Bacon and Jalapenos!!! YES! It is perfect. Great comfort food, you may feel guilty for having consumed all that fat BUT it is totally worth it and you will love every moment of it!Their baked goods and coffee are also great.The music however... I have been there when they played the whole collection of Metallica (Lord, help me)... It isn't always that awful, however I don't care for the music most restaurants play today, so I digress. I have already brought a few people and suggested it to a few others.... this is a must try!I tell you what, hipsters know their cocktails, coffee and food.
4	Super busy...kind of a cluster-F even..but cool environment.  Food is solid.  Expresso is very...bold.
3	Really enjoyable  coffee but extremely tough to get a seat. I felt like we had to lurk around for seats like the old lady at a casino (yes, that is a friends reference) looking for the lucky slot machine. Came around dinner time, and the big table in the back was reserved, which is perfectly reasonable. Even though there are multiple nooks and crannies in the establishment, many of the seats were occupied by non-paying customers on their laptops. We were trying to figure out where to sit, but kept getting angry glares since guests are pretending this is a silent library and not a business. Okay college students, we surrender. We were forced to enjoy our hot drinks in the outdoor patio, and with the 100 degree heat & second-hand smoke...like the place; hate the patrons.
5	This is my favorite coffee shop. They have free refills on drip coffee iced tea and dollar refills on red eyes and iced coffee. Though the pastries are a bit on the expensive side they are totally worth it. The changing lunch menu is always fantastic!
4	This place has amazing lattes and a warm, eccentric atmosphere. Great to meet up and chat with friends or a date.
4	A must try just for the atmosphere! My husband and I, I would say, have just aged-out of the target demographic of this place. We actually brought our baby (as I said, just aged-out, so new baby must come along on vacations) and it was super chill. While there was no sitting inside, the outside was a lovely Phoenix evening with a lovely crowd of folks. We tried out pastries and coffee drinks. The pastries--Red Velvet Cake and Lemon Bar--I wanted to love because they came on adorable mismatching china, but at that late hour they had unfortunately staled. But the coffee! I had a decaf Americano and it was maybe the best coffee I've ever had. And to be honest, decaf is never good. It's just something to sip on whole others have a cocktail. This decaf, though...My husband waited in the epic cocktail line (separate from the food/coffee drink line) and asked the bartender to surprise him with something coffee-based. He was served some kind of masterpiece of spirits and freshly-pulled espresso, complete with thoughtful aromatic garnishes. Again, rocking coffee.
5	If you love hipsters and great coffee, you'll adore Lux.Bring your latest novel, poetry, or your laptop, throw on your big-rimmed glasses, and order a delicious vegan pastry and a feelin'-fancy coffee, and be one of the cool kids in downtown Phoenix. You'll love the people watching and the food/drinks are great. This is a wonderful date location on a Friday night or a fabulous Saturday afternoon escape with your pals.Seating can be hard to come by, especially if you're in a group of three or more, but it's worth being a seating shark. Love the pink couches.The friendly service is great, and surprisingly, the crowd was baby-friendly! We brought my niece in (dressed in her hippest leggings and onesie, naturally), and people stopped to coo at her and tell her what a good baby she was--i.e. smiling and laughing the whole two hours we were there. Hipsters have hearts, too. Who knew?
3	Never seen such a high concentration of the hipster crowd mixed with the Scottsdale crowd. I was definitely comfortable as the fellow guests were very friendly and if I wasn't busy I felt I could have good conversations with. The staff.....kind of off-setting and frankly intimidating...felt like if I asked where the bathroom is I would get glared at and indirectly told to leave as soon as I used the facility. However they are quick, know their coffee, and certainly know how to run the joint overall. It is crowded, but I don't mind it. It's ironically roomy once you sit down and realize that everyone gets the whole "elbow room" deal. So my advice to Lux is to be a little friendlier and open to the guests, especially the first-timers, and my advice to you coffee-lovers and food-tasters is, GO! And enjoy the independent and unique atmosphere.
4	This place was fantastic!  It is open late which is always nice.  They have a full bar for those who want to continue with the nights festivities but they also have OUTSTANDING coffee!  It is the kind of place where you can hang out for hours and go back for a few cups so come either with good friends or a good read.  I plan on going back to try the food but unfortunately, only went for late after dinner coffee this time around.  I love that you can see them cooking right there in front of you.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Solid coffee lounge/ bar! i highly recommend it to any fan of interesting little nooks in a large city. Definitely for those looking to explore the individual unique experiences.
5	Holy Smokes! This place sets the bar high for what is cool. Any other establishment would be suffering from a major identity crisis if they tried to simultaneously function as a coffee shop, bakery, restaurant, and bar but Lux somehow does it all and does it right! If you are someone who likes working at a table with strangers (as most tables or couches will be full by the time you get there), loud music and the temptation to drink booze rather than coffee, Lux is the place for you!!I love showing my friends from out of town this place in hopes they will fall in love with Lux, quit their jobs, leave their families and move into Phoenix!Personally, I am nowheres cool enough to hangout here on a regular basis. The DJ plays his music too loud, I can never find an open table, and I always fall a fool to the temptation of to sipping down the nectar of me people, Templeton Rye. Iowa Represent!! But even with all that up against me, I still stop by at the Lux very so often to remind me how much of a basic b*tch I actually am. LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	Lux is a rare gem in the otherwise homogenized coffee shop scene which permeates the greater Phoenix metro. A haven for the "hipster" and "indie" crowds, it is frequently populated with would be iconoclasts who, if you move past the stereotypes usually cast upon such people, are largely friendly and unpretentious.The service is earnest and talented producing some of the best cappucinos, americanos and other assorted caffeinated beverages in town. The various baked goods are reasonably priced and obviously crafted with care providing stark contest to the mass-produced crap most coffee shops sling with something like disdain for their customers.I only hesitate to award the fifth star for lack of experience with the other offerings of food and drink they offer. An omission to my experience I hope to soon include.EDIT: Since I never got around to posting this review after my first visit and subsequently visited numerous times I can confirm this to be a five-star establishment. In addition to the quality coffee beverages they offer their bar was (and likely still is) quite well stocked and competently tended. They offer a very solid selection of quality liquors and beers (can't speak confidently to their wine selection, I'm not much for the vino). Their meals are often exquisite and understated, though not exactly cheap. All told I definitely consider this and Copper Star to sit alone atop the Phoenix coffee throne.
4	Usually I love everything at lux and they have the best soup. But today it was more like extra garlicky gross spaghetti sauce soup and I hated it but I still love lux! First thing here I didn't like
5	Hip place.  Can be busy at times.  Perfect for study and a drink or two.  Lunch is quaint.
5	Seriously. I come here so much for a good couple hours to study to abuse the real value of the Hibiscus iced tea with unlimited refills and munch on some home-made pastries, cookies, or whatever they make. I like to think that their food is home-made food, but with the slight disadvantage of missing the comfort of your PJ's. I wish I knew about this place before when I went to a certain girls college prep near here...Here's some hacks:It can get crowded, especially on Saturdays and Sundays for brunch. Come super super early (the ARE open a at 6, but 8 is a good time) for fresh-baked goodness. You can also come later, from 5:30 onwards night to avoid crowds and delicious options for dinner. Lux is open till 2AM on Friday and Saturday, and on every other day of the week, it is open till 12. (The bar is only open from midnight to 2 however, not the main stuff.)You can ask for a dollop of Nutella with their fresh baked croissants. Perfect little breakfast. Also, their whipped cream is unique, dense, rich and amazing.I sometimes get a white hot chocolate, usually during the 'colder' months. It isn't on the menu, but you can ask for it. It's a delectable sweet treat, with perfect foam. :) Their hot teas really aren't that good, but their iced teas are great. You can get refills for their simple coffees, tea and their iced teas. It's probably a sin that I haven't been as interested in their coffee, since coffee gives me tummy aches. Alas. HOWEVER, PRETTY MUCH ALL OF THEIR FOOD IS GOOD!! Their food changes daily, so my rule of thumb is, if you see it and think you'll like it, get it, because you might not see it again for a while. Their delicate honey lavender shortbread haunts my sweet dreams...Go into Lux with an open heart and it will never fail you.
4	At long last, my first visit to Lux.  Located right across the street from Central High (my alma mater).  I'm not a coffee drinker, but was intrigued by the food and the atmosphere.  Not much for me to add to the numerous reviews about this place, but its pretty much as advertised.  Good food, quirky setup, crazy busy.  Its a coffee house first and foremost, but they also have a wine and cocktail bar.  Its a bakery that serves breakfast, but also has a lunch and dinner menu that changes regularly.  Sort of reminds me a little of La Grande Orange Grocery in that it has multiple personalities depending on the time of day.  Sometimes places that try to do everything well often don't do anything well.  But like LGO, this place is an exception.I came here on a Saturday morning around 7am.  My timing was perfect as the crowds started streaming in shortly thereafter.  Parking can be a chore as there's maybe 15 spaces in their main lot, so be prepared to park along Turney Ave (which also happens to be overflow parking for the apartment complex next door).  You walk up towards the front counter and get teased by a smorgasbord of tantalizing pastries and can also order off the menu on the wall.  The sweet dutch pancake with fruit intrigued me so I grabbed that.  Also got sides of their bacon and hash, since those also seemed to be feature breakfast items.  Along with an OJ, total price for breakfast with tax came to about $18.  You order up front and pay, then seat yourself and wait for the kitchen to call out your name.  I can see how this could be troublesome when its busy.  While there's plenty of seating in back, the front area can get crowded and noisy really fast making it difficult to hear your order called out or navigate the throngs of patrons.  Fortunately, no such trouble for me this morning as I got my food within 10 minutes of ordering.Sat down at the bar area up front (which is full stocked by the way).  The food was pretty solid.  The veggie hash was mostly potato, but you could pick up the carrots and other veggies mixed in.  The bacon was fantastic.  I'm not sure where they source it from, but the bacon strips were thick cut and the taste was nothing like your store brand bacon.  As for the pancake, mixed feelings on this.  A great assortment of fruit and they put on plenty of whipped cream on top.  The pancake itself was good, but honestly tasted like an afterthought.  It was super thin almost like a taco bowl and fell apart pretty easily when I cut into it.  Didn't hinder the taste at all, but the presentation was such that it was just sort of there.  Still, a tasty breakfast that left me full and satisfied.I'll be back at some point for a lunch or dinner go round.  And next time I probably won't be able to resist those pastries.  Overall, I can see why this place is so popular with the CenPho crowd.  You'll see suits, students, and joggers alike in this place.  I can't speak to the coffee, but obviously Yelpers are pretty high on that here.  I would imagine the Brophy/Xavier/Central High students probably frequent this place regularly.  And yes I'm a little bummed this place wasn't around when I was a student across the street.
4	Hipster. coffee.Those two words pretty much sum up any decent review of this place. Everything else is just details. So...the details. This is a nice coffee shop in Phoenix. We drove around the block a few times before finding it since there aren't any signs anywhere. You basically walk into an unmarked door and...hipsters. everywhere. We went here on a Saturday morning while we were out exploring, and it was pretty crowded. This is a get to know your neighbor type of place. Unless your neighbor is set up at a table with an iMac, in which case don't get chatty. Still the coffee and the pastry were good and I could see this being a nice place to hang out as long as you don't mind people and noise.
1	You'll probably age a year before you get your food but I wouldn't know because after waiting fifteen minutes for food I gave up. The atmosphere made me angry and I let everyone know on my way out that they'll be waiting a fortnight in the line they're in.If you are not hip, don't enter this place. Be sure to have HOURS of time to kill. HOURS. Oh and stand along the glass, that's the line. But they don't let you know that and they are really rude about it. Screw this place.
5	This is one of my favorite places! They have the best coffee I have ever tried. It almost ruins it for you because you can never drink Starbucks again. Another item that I cannot resist when I go in is their freshly baked salted chocolate chip cookie made with a different nut each day. The staff is also friendly and will soon memorize your order if you go often enough!
5	This review is primarily for the coffee side of Lux:Lux has so much going for it. Location. Reputation. Vibes...I've been many times, and visited again today. My husband and I ordered iced coffee. It's always good, totally solid. Just the right amount of acidity, just the right amount of depth. The lines are long, yes...but this is some of the best coffee in town, so IT'S WORTH IT. Also, the staff is great about having the drinks ready shortly after you pay - they take your drink order while you're still waiting in line to reach the register. They've got their system down to a science. Also, once upon a time (in March 2014, maybe?) I had an espresso with lavender, agave, cinnamon...maybe some other things. It wasn't amazingly executed, but it was incredibly imaginative. I still give them props for taking this step.
5	My wife and I finally visited, and we loved it. Its laid back. The Mac and Cheese was delicious, along with the espresso cake. I loved the ice tea. I would certainly recommend this place. Grab a seat, drink a tea, and have a good day.
5	It such a cute and cozy cafe to hangout. I will definitly come back next time when I'm in town.
5	Awesome, made from scratch food and hand roasted coffee. The place is eclectic and crowded, but the Sunday morning DJ makes up for it. This place is cool.
4	The staff is friendly. The room temperature is always perfect -never too cold, the music is pleasant both in choice and volume. The coffee is very tasty. And the wait time is never long.
5	Even though I had to give this place a few tries, I really do love it! I just needed to get over the whirlwind of what happens after I walk in until the point at which I get my order. I can never tell if people are in line, looking at the HUGE display of tasty pastries, or waiting for their drink. There is often so much going on in the small ordering area but after a few visits, I see it more as a small space that builds connections/community. Normally, I order a regular black coffee or iced coffee. It's good here, but what really shines for them are their espresso drinks! The black and white, the caramel, the velvet...all sooooo good! They have alot of different choices too so make sure not to miss their menu board, which, unfortunately is kind of easy to miss. Don't be shy, just ask! It's easy to get scooted quickly in and out of the ordering mix, but just be confident. Everyone's super nice and willing to help! The atmosphere is really hip and trendy too, so make sure to order your drink to enjoy on the premise. Enjoy your drink with friends, or a really good book, or meet someone new!
5	Love everything about this spot!!! They have that village in the city like feel, that you just don't typically come across in Phoenix. They are opened LATEEEE, another thing you don't come across in Arizona!!  they have free wifi, plenty of seats ( inside and out) and a great menu from fresh squeezed juices to a long list of caffeine filled delicacies!!!! Only problem is finding this hidden gem !
5	Best Coffee in Arizona!  Love the staff, the baked goods and they make the best latte on the planet.  Now if they would open up 2nd one in Prescott, Id be in heaven!
4	Should you be sensitive to loud noises, fear crowded spaces, or cringe at a sea of be-speckled people sitting in front of macs, Lux may not be the place for you. However, if you enjoy a busy slice of downtown Phoenix, delicious espresso, tattoo watching, eating pastries outside, and freshly prepared breakfast, I would suggest you try this place out. The traffic flow of this place drives me insane, but then I have some coffee, maybe a cookie, and calm down to watch the word move by likely to a DJ-spun beat.
5	I love ...Lux's clienteleLux's atmosphereLux's musicLux's coffee & pastriesLuxUpon reading reviews on how hipster-this and hipster-that Lux was, it all finally made sense. I mean, I guess you kinda have to be there to understand ... /endhipstertonehere. I'm fine if you don't come here, Lux is swarming as is and I would like to have an opportunity to find seating.Mismatched, artsy interior. Music consisting of throw back R&B remixes and artists with sound styles similar to Lykke Li or The XX, it can get pretty loud. Pastries, coffee, teas and hot food.I ordered a Medium, Hot Vanilla Latte and a Lemon Poppy Seed Muffin with Icing. The latte came out with lovely latte art it was worth snapping a picture of- plus all the cool kids are doing it. The latte was probably one of the best lattes I've ever had, it was smooth, rich and warming. No bitterness from the coffee or strange tangy after taste and lovely kick of caffeine to get the heart pumpin'. The Lemon Poppy Seed Muffin was so good, lemon-y, tangy but slightly sweetened by the icing and it was so moist- dangerous I tell you!Since I came here to study, I found that this was a great study spot. Communal tables, outlets and people who aren't fussy if you sit across/next to them, clean bathrooms, great beverages filled with caffeine and delectable pastries. The workers here are also so pleasant, one of them even asked, "May I take this for you love?" How charming!And for all the hate on the hipsters, I think it's awesome especially if you're looking for a bit of fashion inspiration or enjoy people watching. I may have reached an epiphany however, if I love this hipster cafe; it's drinks/pastries, music, atmosphere and clientele ... does that make me a hipster!? Obviously not, hipsters don't ask themselves as such things.I will definitely be back Lux!
5	my favorite coffee shop and place to hang out on the weekends. The decor is amazing! open super late and the pastries are unique and delicious! definitely a hidden jem.
4	Love this place!!! Their ice vanilla latte is the best I've had, so delish. Only bad thing is that it is always super busy so it's not always easy to find a seat.
5	Holy mother of Jesus....This places eggs and hash and coffee is stellar.  It was crowded for sure on a Saturday which doesn't surprise me.  I wish they had a bigger patio unless they have another area I totally missed by chance.  I like to enjoy my food not so close and compact to other people I don't know it just doesn't comfort me in that sense.  My boyfriend on the other hand loves that type of thing being all close to a million people at once.  Anyways all I have to say to make this short and sweet is Tomato hash/eggs & White chocolate mocha with whip is definitely a new staple until i try the steak.
5	Best coffee in town. A+ for atmosphere and always friendly service. One of my favorite places in town.
3	If this place doesn't do something about their fly infestation, I won't be back.  It is getting ridiculous.  And if you have this many flies, they must be landing on the food you purchase before you even get it served.
4	I really love the environment at Lux - it's a great place to study or catch up with a friend.  I got the blueberry scone and the hibiscus iced tea and both were great.  The scone was moist and delicious.  I also had some of my friend's coffee and donuts (Chocolate and Lemon) which were delicious as well.  Overall, it's a great place and if I lived in the area I'd definitely be a frequent customer!
4	Lux lives up to its hipster hype.  Go here for the hip, bohemian feel you crave from Soho, Central Phoenix, or similar places.  I prefer getting my things to go because this place is always crowded and parking is a nightmare.  This is why I dock them 1star.  However, Lux is conveniently located just off the lite rail.I am not sure how many times I have stopped in Lux over the past few weeks for a cup of coffee and a breakfast sandwich.  This Friday was the first time I noticed the bottle of Tito's and next to it a bottle of Hendrick's.....  This place has a bar?  Oh, gosh, they do!  Well damn!  Oh, I never envisioned myself as a hipster hanging out there eating at the the huge tables with my laptop on their free wifi or in one of the comfy chairs reading a book, but I see a book, comfy chair and cocktail in my future!  Stumble home....  Repeat.  Lol... Stumble home from the coffee shop.  Funny.  I highly recommend this place.  Return factor 100%.
5	I love LUX's everything! It's a great place to enjoy a cup of coffee, study, or simply just hang out with friends for a chat. Their music and atmosphere is very hip (which I love). I go at least once a week for my fix. I love it here!
3	I've been going to Lux since 2012 and every barista who has ever helped me out has been an asshole. The only thing that keeps me coming back is their mac and cheese and the fact that there's always really ridiculously good-looking people there.
2	No no NO NO! I've been here enough times over the past couple of years to refute the hype, players! Yes this place is tragically hip and over-crowded like a b. But so whats?Coffee and tea: good, like most specialty places that serve it (Cartel, Echo, Urban Beans, JoBot, etc etc etc). But let's talk about the REALITIES of a trip to (not)Lux.There are many parking spaces that are usually taken. My guess is more than 70% of the crowd here are students who spend all day working over a cup of coffee and maybe a sssscccccooooonnnneeee. The "Order Here" counter is placed right along the entrance, so when lines back up, they are backing up into a seating area. God help you if that mommy with her two toddlers are seated at an entrance-area table. Good luck getting past that, boss.The employees here are beyond obnoxious. Gave 'em multiple chances to be cool. They ain't. The baked goods are all pretty much blah/dry/not good. On our first visit to (not)Lux, we sampled much of the pastry menu to-go, because we had heard good things. But much like Cartel, Lux is all hype and not comfort, goodness or fun. It's pain. Pain to find parking. Pain to wait in the interminable line. Pain to deal with the 24-year-old baristas and register jockeys. Pain to find a place to sit. AAARRRGGGHHH!!!If you're young and down to study and stare, this place is for you. If you aren't 18-25 and wearing flannel, jean shorts, Converse All-Stars, hipster glasses (prescription or otherwise), really wanna live in Portland, have iPod earbuds soldered into your head.............move along, because there's nothing to see here.
5	I luv lux!!!!!+The coffeeeeeeThe chaiThe scrambled eggsThe hashThe lemon water jugThe furnitureThe musicThe croissants-Sometimes hard to find seatingNeed more salt shakers (lol but I am serious)
5	Great place! Hang out there all the time! Great coffee and food. I really can't sell it in words, you just have to try it!
2	I love the soups at Lux. Different every day & served with the most yummie bread. However, the last few times I have been here including today, the soup is completely blended. Didn't see a soup spoon & I feel like a baby feeding myself liquid food. If it was on the menu that this was yet another texture- less soup, I would have ordered something else. I usually look forward to coming here & when the food is disappointing... It's an extra bummer. Please Lux! At least let us know on the menu that soup is completely blended. Ugh
5	Its a coffee place.Its a bar.Its a date place.Its a study lounge.LOVE. LOVE LOVE LOVE.If you are a coffee drinker this place is for you. if you aren't about that.. it may be hard to navigate because they don't really have a menu. its more like you tell them they can make it. They are real Baristas. No posers here.. real hipsters!
5	On our way out of Phoenix and made a special trip to Lux- I totally appreciate the killer finds on Yelp. As a frequent traveler I have found some of the best, hard to find, off the grid bizarre located food spots. Lux definitely is one of them and is high on the return list for:*Amazing baked goods*Hysterical cute man running the register*Fab gal taking barista orders and facilitating the crazy line. Her customer service was spot on.It's a bummer (yes my use of antiquated terms shows my age) that Lux has some frequent patrons that seem slightly spoiled, rude and frankly full of themselves -Future Lux patrons ignore the whining narcissistic reviews, clearly these people have no perspective on what is important in our world today - LUX is damn good coffee and incredible food-Wish Lux had another location closer to us in San Diego but then again no, it would ruin the uniqueness!
5	Great stop in central Phoenix for some great coffee.I've been coming to Lux for a while now and have been pleasantly surprised with great coffee, food and customer service.If you haven't been to Lux yet, please do so. Hidden away, it brings Phoenix phenomenal coffee. For breakfast, I recommend getting the quiche or the egg bake. When fall comes around make sure to get yourself a pumpkin whoopie pie (you'll thank me later). Every time I have been it has been packed- yet all the staff are friendly and very accommodating. But the biggest reason I decided to write this review was not even based on the iced-coffee or the yummy pastries.Yesterday, after leaving Lux I realized I had lost my set of keys. I decided to call Lux to see if I had left them behind. Elena answered the phone and I told her my situation. Not only was she kind, she also went around Lux while on the phone with me to search for my keys. She even went to the parking lot and tried to find them there. I was pleasantly surprised with her thoughtfulness to search for my keys for me. Though she wasn't able to find them while I was on the phone with her-she assured me that she would call me back if anything came up. She also proceeded to tell me to have a good day and good luck finding my keys.  So thank you Elena, for restoring my faith in humanity and for being such a kind individual. Make sure you all leave a tip for my girl Elena!
4	Great coffee! Just a little hard to find but glad we did. Doesn't look like anything from the street but is all going on inside. A little more streetside advertising would certainly help us out-of-towners find the place. Obviously the locals have no trouble!
5	When I moved to Phoenix, this was by far the number one and most recommended coffee shop to try out. I love to try new things but this is one place that I have only ever had one beverage and love it. The espresso is delicious and I stick with my iced almond milk lattes.There is plenty of great seating but parking can be pretty difficult to find.
4	Really wonderful space.  I love the myriad options...I'll have a brewed, tropical flavored ice tea, no wait, I'll have a glass of pinot noir, no wait I'll have a chai latte with soy milk...um, wait, how's the lemonade? This was me at the counter trying to order (ok, not really- but it's what was going on in my head).  Lux is the perfect place to get some work done while still interacting with the 3 dimensional people.  When I'm reading some clinical texts and I'm afraid I'm going to slip into a coma, I go to Lux.  Somehow reading boring things in the presence of fascinating people is substantially more doable.
4	Awesome place for a number of activities. Food, coffee, drinks, great  experiences. Drinks are creative, unique, and well crafted. Good place to do some schooling as well. Can't wait to go back. Perfect for rich conversation with a beautiful Lady.
4	Dope ass coffee shop/bar/cafe.  The only thing it's missing is an abundance of power strips.  The macchiato I had seemed a tad small for the advertised two shots of espresso though.  Maybe they just forgot the second shot?  In any case I was too intimidated by the barista's hipness to say anything.
5	Lux is appropriate: Daytime, nighttime, by yourself, with a friend, with a group, on a date, studying, working, people watching, zoning out looking at your caffeine, or alcoholic beverage, of choice (they have Henderick's gin btw).I always get a London fog (earl grey latte with vanilla) and get brunch.  It's busy and loud, but they get through the line quickly and the food and baked goods make for a perfect morning.  There are multiple rooms, benches, couches, cute  !@# chairs, tables for groups, outside seating... you have options! I've enjoyed this place with friends for years and I hope it always remains a happy little part of Phoenix.
3	I really enjoyed this place when it was a smaller coffee shop.  Now it has grown too crowded and the lines are too long.  I primarily drink black coffee, so imagine my surprise when after waiting in line for awhile they put my cup in line after all the other specialty drinks.  Just too much time for a quick cup of coffee.
5	My favorite place in Phoenix!!I love the decor, ambience, music, the food, bakery, and hibiscus tea (free refills!)The staff is amazing, especially Sammy/Sammie. He will give you GREAT recommendations on other places to go in Phoenix! They also have a full bar that I have yet to try, but this is really a cool place to hang out solo, with your boo-thang, or group. I've even seen people with kids here; 3-year-olds vibe-ing to A Tribe Called Quest.Don't miss out!!
5	Great coffee, I recommend the excellent Yorkshire pudding burger that is steady on a daily changing evening menu.  Cool atmosphere (multiple rooms with tables/chairs) with free wifi - when you need to spend some time doing research or work.  I've been able to catch parts of a game on the large screen room (just a plus).  Its usually crowded with a never ending amazing mix of people - so if you like to be "alone" - maybe not your place.  An unusual mix of music - which I enjoy.  Nice outdoor seating as well.  Parking can be limited, though can park down the street.
5	-UPDATED- Great coffee, nice place (call it "hipster" if you want...stupid, made up word...) and an EPIC breakfast sandwich. The egg sandwich is expertly done. Can't wait to go back.Updated 12/4/14: This has since become my spot. Every Wed or Thursday I go in and get breakfast. Sandwich and iced coffee is the routine. Love it! I missed breakfast today though so gave their pulled pork sandwich a whirl. SO good! Can't recommend this place highly enough.
4	This is such a cute and hipster coffee spot in Phoenix! I love that it's open very late and also offers food and drinks (alcohol included). I think the only thing that is a little harder is that it is somewhat difficult to find because the entrance is on the back side, not facing the street, and it looks like you're going nowhere because the street side looks closed, and also looks like you're going into the restaurant next door.Once inside though, it's cute, but a little dungeon-ish. Not too much natural light in this concrete cave of a building. Their americano is pretty bomb, I haven't had any of the lattes but people seem to like their tea based drinks here. They also sell roasted beans, and the staff is very knowledgable of all of their products. Recommended!
5	Love Lux! The best coffee Ever. The wine is amazing and the Mac n cheese is so tummy. Great atmosphere and lots of areas for large groups. I love Jeff and everyone at Lux.
5	Lovely atmosphere, creative space to study, food and coffee. What more do you need to keep your mind alert and in joyful spirit?!
4	When I visit a new city, the first thing I try to find is the city's perfect coffeeshop! I think Lux takes it for Phoenix. Casual, hip, & trendy atmosphere. Their decor was a mix of simple, modern with a vintage twist, I loved it! The workers were very outgoing and friendly which is always a big plus. It was hard to find seats because it was super packed but I'm not complaining.The noise level was pretty loud so I didn't understand how people were studying here. It seems more like a place for social outings. All in all, I enjoyed my experience at Lux.
5	Stopped here to pick up a gift card and a coffee on my lunch break and I have to say, I was majorly (and pleasantly) surprised! It's a coffee bar. Like literally a coffee shop WITH a full bar. Ample seating/ lounge space, unique and comfortable decor, welcoming staff and quick service. Yes, Lux appears to be a trendy haven for hipsters and pretentious d-bags...but that couldn't be further from the truth. The crowd is a mixed bag of students, working professionals, old yogis and kids. (All of which I saw within my 10 minute visit). The only negative part of my experience was leaving to go back to work. Most important: The coffee is good and refills are free.
5	Love this place. My friend recommended me this place and I loved it from the first step inside. Food is awesome. Environment cozy and easygoing. Super!
5	Black and white mocha is the best. It can get super busy though so late mornings are hard to find a spot and there is a line but it is WELL worth it
5	My buddy turned me on to this place, and I'm so glad he did. I have no complaints at all... I like everything and anything about this place. Pastries, coffee, and it's a next to Pane Bianco  Ooooooo!
3	This was my 1st time here. It was very busy! I ate a savory, Dutch pancake for lunch, which was just ok. It didn't have much eggplant on it. It was mostly just squash.I liked the atmosphere / ambience and music, but the servers were not too friendly. No one asked me if Iwas enjoying my food. But overall, it's a hip spot.
5	I absolutely love this coffee shop. It's great for getting pastries, speciality coffee, and healthy lunches. There are also a lot of people that come here to work so if you'd like a lively environment, you should definitely bring your laptop. They have a bartender that will make speciality cocktails based on what you like. I have never tried it, but my friends tell me that they do a good job.Really recommend their chai and soy cappuchino. Way better than Starbucks.
5	Amazing!! Uber cute. Hipster shabby chic. Great mellow background music. Good energy. Wonderful service and staff. I got the maple granola yogurt for breakfast with a latte almond milk. They serve it in a cup white cup with a heart shaped design milk pour. Then I order to go the lemon donut , blueberry scone, and brioche. Yum!! Warm and made fresh with lots of flavors. This is a must stop place. Bring your friends. Great place!!
4	As a chai tea addict I had to try the coffee joint all the hipsters are raving about. I went on a Saturday night and the place was packed with a line out the door and every seat in the rather large building taken. After waiting some time I got my chai tea and I was good. Not the best I've ever had but I would go back and enjoy another. The atmosphere was nice and it was a new experience for a relaxed Saturday night.
4	I ate here twice while on business in Phoenix. Why just go to Starbucks when you can visit a local place? The atmosphere is relaxed and laid back... the first time I went with my co-worker we were greeted with "what's up, guys?" It's a cool place. I had an Americano both times and it was excellent. We also indulged in a different quiche each day we visited and both were the absolute best we'd had. SO GOOD. If I had to give any points of feedback, I'd say make the order/pickup process a little more structured and clear to patrons. It tends to get busy and there's a clear lack of instructions (oh, hipsters) from the cashiers. I'm all for laid back but not when it causes chaos.Overall, it's a great place and I would come here again!
5	What a cool, swanky little place. From the surprisingly high end good to the mixologist liquor bar. This is a wonderful place whether you need a coffee shops to study, meet a friend or have a wonderful first date. Talk to Sam at the bar. Great server who will never leave you hangin'.
3	I went to this place last month with my best friend and the food was good I love the coffee designs  and the service was friendly.
5	Definitely my favorite coffee shop in the Central Phoenix area. By golly, they even offer dutch pancakes (please allow 25 - 30 mins for this)... wow!! It's pretty fantastic! My drink is deifinitely a hot Black and White which is a mocha with dark and white chocolate... great balance between the bitterness of the dark and sweetness of the white chocolate. Plenty of parking and seating. I never realized that they actually have a full bar. I may never leave this place.
4	Hip and casual with great lighting for a morning nosh and tasty espresso.
5	One of my favorite places near home. Great for any occasion.  Excellent coffee, drinks and food. Great atmosphere.
3	First off I love the food, it's always tasty and just as I ordered. And the coffee - delicious, never burned. My only issue with Lux is the staff. Don't get me wrong, I have yet to walk into Lux when they are not busy. How ever, what happened to service with a smile? I always feel rushed once I get to the register to give my order and they generally have a crappy attitude. It's hard enough to find a place to sit so make it easier for me to go back by being nicer!
5	Been awhile since I visited but wanted to give them some mega praise. Best Mac & Cheese I ever had. Loved watching World Cup games there too this summer. Wonderful place. I'll be back for sure.
5	Enjoyed our visit to Diamond Knot.  Brittney was a great server - friendly & very  efficient.
4	Today I road bikes with my girlfriend to this little trendy coffee located in Central Phoenix that I quickly fell in love with. There was a variety of choices of drinks, breakfast sandwiches and pastries to choose from and everything looked and smelled delicious. There was plenty of parking and seating both inside and outside. The service was very good considering the place was packed with customers, which speaks for itself!  I will definitely be back again to support yet another great local spot:)
4	First thing I need to say is...To all the douche bags that left one star negative reviews about this establishment.  Do us all a favor and stay your ass at home. Assholes like that have no right to be in public. Now on a positive note me and my husband came here for our Sunday morning breakfast. We got the pumpkin choclate chip muffins, the fruit and granola yogurt cup. Also got the oatmeal with seasonal fruit and walnuts. For drinks my husband got a medium dark roast coffee and I got the medium black and white mocha. Everything was great including the service. The place was very busy and the service we received was fast and friendly. They had a dj playing music and the atmosphere was pleasant. I highly recommend giving this place a visit. I know we will be returning again in the future. Thank u lux for the awesome experience.
5	We have been remodeling our "forever" home and I have made several comments/reviews on a few co. that we have use since moving into the valley in june 2014.One more to add to my excellent reviews- Budget Blinds of East Mesa.   The owner, Steve, and his wife have been very easy to work with.  Steve came to my home, measured, ordered and came back to install and everything was perfect.  In fact I have ordered a few more and when I decide to do the front of our home, I will definitely use Budget Blinds again.They do what they say and deliver on time and on budget.
3	This place is interesting, though some of the baked items are gross (ie 'paleo'...did cavemen have chocolate chip cookies?). Staff can sometimes be unpleasant.
5	Truly fantastic coffee, great food, and terrific vibe.
5	Just had Doug with Affordable Pet doors install a Hale Security Pet door in my new home!  He was on time and did a fabulous job.  Very friendly, efficient, and did not leave a spec of dirt behind!  Highly recommend!!
5	Love this place! Local, diverse, hip, and most importantly it has the best deserts and Mac and cheese! Did I mention that they also have a full bar? Lovely!!! Their mixologist is are awesome! I highly recommend it!
4	Awesome service, good vibe and I love the distance from the light rail.
5	one word....amazing!
5	Massage Envy-Queen CreekGreat massages by Tee.  You will come out feeling great.  Enviroment is relaxing at this location.
5	Great place!
5	Nice place that has a hipster vibe without being pretentious. Good coffee and pastries.
5	Loved this place! Such a great environment to get some work done!
3	There's really nothing else in the area that's comparable, meaning, You don't have any other choice, and I wish you did.Lux is too small, too crowded, too loud, and the coffee is mediocre.The food is fantastic though.So, three stars just because it's there.
4	Great place to get some work done, or go meet up with friends. I love the food they serve, and I highly recommend their brownies. On the down side, it tends to get a little bit too crowded. Definitely a place to check out!
5	Aunt Gladys, you cut to the core of me! Lux is always my go-to when I want the perfect breakfast. Make sure to try the Aunt Gladys omelette along side a flat white coffee (:
5	Hidden treasure on Central Ave.  Authentic, local, Phoenix culture.  Coffee and pastries are fairly priced and very good.  Cocktails in the evening are unique but a little pricey.
5	Great coffee and meeting spot! Love everything about this place.
5	Lux feels trendier than I'd prefer BUT their Mac-n-Cheese is to die for.  Go get some!  You won't regret it.
5	Love this place.  Great coffee, fabulous, homemade everything.  Can't beat it.
4	I love the food, the setting, all of it! Sometimes the staff is a little too lax, but for the most part, it's a great, yummy place to enjoy, have a meeting, or just chill.
5	This place is my favorite coffee spot in Phoenix. It's also pretty cool you can get alcohol here if you want as well.  Also their Mac and Cheese is to die for ._.
4	I love the new location. I know, I know, everyone has been talking about it for years. I live in the 'hood, and didn't much like the old location. Walking into a cafe, only to see a sea of laptops, isn't very welcoming. Not their fault, of course.The new location offers up some tasty treats. I've had a few of the breakfast and lunch items. It can be a bit confusing to find it at first. You have to go in the back door. (Hahahahaha you know what *I* am thinking, right?) Picking up your order is tricky, because it gets loud in there and you may not hear your name called.I prefer the back (front) room. Less traffic, and there's a cool bar to sit at.
4	Great locals spot, great food, great variety, great coffee, great vibe! Too loud & crowded to relax & read a book but a very cool & consistent place to grab food with friends.
5	I'd visit Lux every day if I lived closer, but I'm a little too far east to do so.  Nonetheless, this IS my favorite coffee house in the Phoenix Valley, and I could say that its one of my favorite locations to get a drink after work... and I could also say that their baked goods and dishes are so yummy that its one of my favorite little restaurants as well.  Its eclecticness is much of its charm, but everything is also so very well done.Upon my first visit there -- as part of an eclectic, hardworking group of maybe 10 activists, academics, and lawyers at the end of a very long day -- our group stumbled in to Lux, which was a little disorienting having never been there and not knowing what to expect (its a very unique but comfortable environment).  Almost immediately, we were welcomed in by someone (an owner?) who found us some seats, made us some drinks, talked with us for a bit... showed me around, explained the menu to me and, despite the crazy frenetic buzz of that evening, in very short time we all felt really comfortable, a part things (for lack of a better description), and had a really nice, memorable evening.In the mornings, coffee & espresso drinks are simply wonderful... the various freshly baked things are just wow-good.I love Lux (see you in the morning!).
5	Terrific, fun place that gets better all the time!
4	This place has fresh scones, living room/community-style setting, and people on laptops doing their homework, or people chatting enjoying a good cup of coffee. The roast on the coffee was perfect, no wimpy coffee here. The place can be a little intimidating when busy (which is mostly), between people passing wine and coffee at the community tables, to people lounging on the sofas. There seems to be a sense of community when you walk in. The employees were extremely friendly but when they get packed (think mornings), parking can be a little difficult to procure. However, there is plenty of street parking! The owner posts their fresh dinner menu daily on fb.
5	Cool vibe. Urban feel. Delicious drinks. Coffee is always on point. Just a tip to Americano drinkers, they charger their Americanos the same price for whatever size so get the large! One of my favorite study spots.Had their jalapeno and bacon mac and cheese the other night. It was served in a massive mug, and it was delicious!
5	Just awesome... If you go, you'll see why. If you don't like awesome coffee and stellar chow, don't go. :-)
5	Aree you kidding the COOLEST coffee/lunch/snack/lounge spot for the coolest best vibest from those people that appreciate all the above. Such a great feeling, and this coffee is the best I've ever had.. definitely appreciate infinitively this business/concept/friendly environment. If you dig coffee and cool people coooome!!!
5	Nothing best praise, absolutely great. Had the grilled chicken pesto mac n' cheese yesterday. AMAZING!
5	Great coffee and laid back environment. I like the sectioning of different rooms and not just one big room like most coffee shops. Usually 1 or 2 rooms will be quiet with most people working on their mobile device, and the rest of the shop will be very social and talkative. It's a great place to relax or socialize, whatever your mood may be!
5	amazing coffee!
4	Coming from Portland, Oregon, I know a few things about coffee... and my addiction to not only the flavor but the buzz. Lux is an Oasis in the Desert. After moving here, we found Lux, thankfully. This isn't only our go to coffee in Phoenix, it's the very best in town, and could hold it's own with some roasters in the NW.
5	My wife and I finally visited, and we loved it. Its laid back.  The Mac and Cheese was delicious, along with the espresso cake. I loved the ice tea. I would certainly recommend this place. Grab a seat, drink a tea, and have a good day.
2	Lux is popular for sure - but it's not my cup of coffee.  Tough for parking, tight spaces on the interior as well and average products.
4	Great coffee, food, and pastries. I really like this place. It is always packed though, so expect to look for seating. They even have a nice craft beer selection. This is a great coffee shop for hanging out, but I might not study here due to how packed it gets.
5	Great Coffee, great food, Great scene
3	this has to do a lot with one's opinion, however the place is nice.  laid back atmosphere, also having a Macbook Pro almost seems like a requirement to sip on some mocha at this place :)  my only complaint is that waiting in line and waiting for my coffee was just plain ackward.  the way the set up is...I'm sure it sounded good in therory
4	I love going here. I really, really do, just to have that said off the bat. But there are some important things to understand about Lux.1) Seating is always limited. Not even on a Tuesday night in July will this place be quiet and empty. Own that fact, love it, and keep looking.2) The cocktails are phenomenal. There's no list of specialty cocktails. They go by requests for what you like, and make something that percolates in their brains all quick like. They also use beautiful glassware, which is really nice when you think about how rare that is.3) It's actually kind of unfortunate that the cocktails eclipse the food. Lux is probably some of the best food you can get at its price point. If you think $19 for a steak is too much, just order it and keep in mind you'd pay $25 for cooking on that order at any other establishment. The same goes for literally everything else their fabulous cooks prepare. You can't go wrong with the soup, and I assure you the mac & cheese is a full meal.4) They actually have newspapers! Real ones that you hold with your hands for the patrons to enjoy and leave behind! That basically makes Lux one of the most active town halls in the city of Phoenix.5) They play full albums of good music, and not just rando indie bands people brag about having heard of. This is a place that appreciates Beyonce as much as all those weird bands whose names you can't remember.There are a lot of things I don't understand about Lux. I don't get why people take selfies with their lattes. I don't understand why they have a DJ, but I'm glad he has a regular gig. I don't understand  why there are non-functional typewriters strewn about the place. But you know what? I keep coming back. We all keep coming back.
4	Super Coffee on Central Avenue.
5	Best coffee in Phoenix. Gets really crowded on weekend mornings and at night so bring your patience and don't be a jerk. Excellent red wine selection and MOST of the bartenders know how to make a killer cocktail. There are a few questionable bartenders but I'm sure they will go the way of the dodo in time. Baristas are all very quick and accurate. Everything here is totally slap in the face delicious.
3	Ah... Lux. This review is hard to write because I am so torn!The pros:*Amazing coffee - my fav is the iced velvet.. It tastes like a piece of red velvet cake*Their homemade whip cream! *drools**Their assortment of baked goods*Their salads and lunch foods*So many different places to sit inside and cozy upCons:*Staff- this is where they lose points for me. I have only encountered maybe 2 friendly people who work here. there is one gal in particular who REALLY needs to freshen up on her customer service skills. I mean really... It's scary how unfriendly she is. *The fact that you basically have to beg them to put whip cream on your drink. I'm sure a lot of people don't even know they have whip cream. They keep it in this hidden container in their fridge and they skimp on it big time - depending on who is working*If you're not hipster, you are going to stick out like a sore thumb. I usually come in my work out attire and people typically look at me like I have just sprouted an extra head. It's quite comical*They stop serving breakfast at a certain time (I can never remember what time) but they keep the breakfast menu up all day and when you ask for something from the breakfast menu, one of the suuuuper friendly (sarcasm) baristas will bark at you that breakfast is over.. Which you are then forced to go back and look at the small food menu that is printed on a piece of paper and all of the hipsters who are in line get super annoyed at you. I'm sorry I'm not a regular who comes 5 times a week, I guess I don't know the protocol?!!Anyways, I continue to come for 2 reasons.. The amazing coffee and the fact that it is middle meeting ground for my best friend and I.If you go, and you're not hipster, just make sure you are prepared for their snobby attitudes and you will be just fine ;)
4	I won't say much here because...well...it's probably already been said.  Here's the quick run down:We went Thanksgiving morning and it was packed (which I love).  The ambiance is, like, textbook hipster, I think.  Some rugged wood, funky lamps, deviant art and coffee.  Not to mention a few fedora hats, skinny jeans and beards (but those weren't exclusive to the establishment).  I dug it.Price. Eh, steep, but not too bad.The food was delicious.  I got the savory pancake and it was totally not what I had envisioned, but it was awesome and I would so get it again.Service was friendly and customer positive.  The one thing I didn't like was their pick up system.  I didn't know what I was supposed to do.  It was loud, so I didn't know if we'd hear our names or not.  We stood near the counter but somehow still missed our drinks.  Apparently they got cold so they set them aside (understood), but I don't know how we didn't hear them...so, yeah, the system didn't work for us.  Otherwise, the folks met are needs and were totally cool when we asked where our teas were.Worth trying, and we might go back (I'm not a frequent anywhere...except my own kitchen).
5	I love this place! Best coffee in town and super friendly staff.
4	People are friendly, desserts are good, foods are delicious and made fresh. I go there almost everyday I enjoy it so much.
4	My wife and I finally visited, and we loved it. Its laid back.  The Mac and Cheese was delicious, along with the espresso cake. I loved the ice tea. I would certainly recommend this place. Grab a seat, drink a tea, and have a good day.
5	Just an excellent place for coffee and a snack (great desserts).  A great place for all ages.  Wifi is open so connect, drink and eat.  Nothing better.
5	Great coffee, cool building.  The crowd is a cross between over aged hipsters still trying to hang on and newbie hipsters trying to create a faux urban lifestyle in Phoenix.
5	I love LUX! Best coffee and place to hangout in Phoenix.
5	this place is the best place for coffee
4	People are friendly, desserts are good, foods are delicious and made fresh. I go there almost everyday I enjoy it so much.
4	People are friendly, desserts are good, foods are delicious and made fresh. I go there almost everyday I enjoy it so much.
4	The home made food is delicious and the service is always warm and inviting. The drinks are made with love, you can tell. It's a popular place so it's sometimes hard to find seating.
2	The atmosphere is pretty nice, but the food is only meh. I found everything to be overpriced, and the tea that I had was nothing spectacular.
1	Six dollar for a cup of half coffee and half foam and to be lectured by the employee early in the morning for where to line up.  This is robbing, right?  Take my money and punch me in the face.
4	A Central Phoenix delight. I am an espresso fan and the quality is consistent. Good prepared foods in the morning and fresh cooked starts at 7am.
5	cool people, cool vibes
5	great coffee here
4	Eclectic atmosphere. Constantly changing baked goods, as the staff is baking all the time. The bartender literally crafts each cocktail like it is a work of art. The macaroni and cheese with bacon is phenomenal.The staff is incredible. Huge cups of coffee with free refills.You simply cannot get a bad item in this place. If you like artsy, unique, one of a kind finds,with truly quality food and drink, this is your place.
5	Best iced mocha around! Super chill vibes, great hipster creepin' if that's your jam.
4	I am so in love with this place its not even funny. Everything about it is spectacular. I go here every single chance I get, really. The coffee is divine!
4	I've started becoming a regular at Lux because of their amazing mochas and homemade whipped cream. They have a great atmosphere with interesting art on the walls and tables as well as cool, interesting music. The place is also full of interesting, friendly people.
5	Just admit to being a hipster already and you'll fit right in! Best red velvet cake ever!
5	I stopped in here for breakfast and a coffee and was pretty surprised by the experience. I expected some hipster coffee shop with so-so food and was I wrong. The latte was a delicious, drinkable work of art. I love foam art and their latte presentation was beautiful. I ordered scrambled eggs and bacon for breakfast. They came out quick and tasted like they were made in my moms kitchen. The eggs were fluffy and the bacon was thick cut and a bit peppery. Yum!!!!I shared a table with two total strangers who turned out to be very nice people. One lived around the corner and the other traveled across town to eat here. I'll be back for sure!!
4	Consistently good coffee.
5	The atmosphere(s) (as there are several rooms each with its own vibe), food and beverages are all excellent. So glad I live so close. I just moved here and to have a coffee shop like this, truly one of the best I have ever been to in the U.S., is a huge benefit. The two times I have been I had the quiche which was scrumptious, I did get it twice after all. Come by, you will not be disappointed and you will go away happy.
4	My iced coffee was really good.  The place was pretty crowded and had a nice vibe about it.  Music wasn't my favorite but not bad.  The only negative comment I have is the furniture is really kind of gross.  It is almost like they got it from curbside on garbage day! lol  I would go back though.
1	Simple....Rude pretentious hipsters. I don't understand it. I was so hesitant on coming here because I was afraid of this. I walked in, no one was in line. So I walked up to the cash register. Stood for a minute while the girl rang someone up. Finally a young man helped me, but first he just felt the need to educate me at how it works at LUX. Instead of, "Hi, what can I get for you!?" I got a, "Just so you know the line starts back at the glass, what can I get for you?" Really!? Is this real life!? How about the line starts wherever the heck your customer wants it to start, because I am paying your paycheck. Nonetheless, I was now at the cash register and realized he didn't ask how I wanted my tea. I then asked  the girl at the register if I can get creme in my tea, and the girl annoyingly told me I could do it myself. Stood and waited for my tea, and realized they must not call out your order at LUX. I walked up to the register (because why would you have a place to pick up your drinks?) and asked if these were mine, which took 3 tries before she yelled at me, "yeah!" Now was my drink amazing? Absolutely not. So with that said, they will never get my business again.
4	I am so in love with this place its not even funny. Everything about it is spectacular. I go here every single chance I get, really. The coffee is divine!
5	When in Cenpho it's definitely a must go! It's not often I'm in central Phoenix but when I am Lux is my go to coffee spot! Open until 2am, serving coffee until midnight, morning, noon or night this is the place to be! It's relaxed atmosphere makes it the perfect place to grab a corner, sip a coffee or tea, have a cocktail, a bite to eat, a quick treat, work, study, or to just hang out with friends. The coffee is made to order served and designed with flare, feels like a toasty warm hug in a cup! The black and white is my absolute favorite! Even when ordering the to go cups they've taken time to add their foam design flowers or hearts, good to the last drop it's coffee made with love! Add one of their delicious baked goods with plenty of varieties to choose from(loved the blueberry white chocolate cookies) including vegan & gluten free and you're tastebuds will be in hipster heaven! I have yet to really eat their food, except for the amazing Mac N Cheese with jalapenos & bacon, it's comfort food with a kick! I love everything about this place, I'll be back soon!
3	Definitely not my scene! Very urban feel. I got a weird vibe. Perhaps too many judge-y twenty-somethings at one time. Their tea is good and inexpensive! I couldn't wait to get out of the building though... too much going on at one time. It was overwhelming.
3	People are friendly, desserts are good, foods are delicious and made fresh. I go there almost everyday I enjoy it so much
5	One of my favorite places of all time for amazing coffee and the best baked goodies!  This is my happy place
5	This place has a really cool vibe and very tasty food.  Lux is a winner!
4	If you are looking for the best latte in Phoenix this is your place. Awesome homemade pastries and quiches galore. Get here early enough on the weekend as the lines do get long!
5	I love this place! The pastries are amazing the coffee is amazing. Very relaxing and cozy. Great service too. ;)
4	The place is OK. We went here as it is rated by some as the best place in Phoenix metro to get an espresso. Yeah, it's better than Starbucks (not hard to do) and they roast their own coffee, but it's a blend & they don't do anything special with the beans. Food was just ok too. It's also very crowded. Maybe some rate this as the best coffee house to go because it is 'hip, ' but I don't go to a coffee shop (nor buy appliances/electronics/clothing etc. ) for its 'brand,' but for the product. I wouldn't avoid the place but it's not a place I'd frequent even if it was close to home as the line - at least the day we went in the summertime - was ridiculously long & the place was uncomfortably crowded. Sorry, but Cartel wins as the best metro coffee joint to me.
1	The juice, coffee, tea, pastries are all probably fine. I haven't had any of the food except the hash and that was fine. The staff sport hipsterish looks who are allergic to humor and happiness. No one even say hi or tries to crack a smile, which is a bit rude, but I don't even care about that. This isn't about the business itself, but just the awful, rude people who flock here.Being that this is the only coffeeshop that stays opened later and has large tables, it's hard to not go here for the space availability. Contrary to most of the reviewers here due to lack of understanding of what hipsters are truly like, the majority of patrons are actually the type of people who bring their laptops in and pretend to study but are actually stalking their exs on Facebook. Real hipsters would not flock here because this place is too trendy and full of yuppies. I hate yuppies too, but I'm not a hipster. I come to sew when my school's sewing lab is closed. Not only do I have to sew for school, but I will do it because that's my line of work. I even saw some chick knitting which made me very happy. Point is, most people tend to come here to do something.Normally, there are douches, wannabes, and plenty of pretentiousness and they often contain themselves to a certain area. I accepted the crudeness masquerading in yuppie or techie attire who don't respect your space or what you are doing and just interrupts you like you owe them your attention. No "excuse me," no "thank you," no "sorry to interrupt." Nothing remotely resembling any sort of respect towards others. I fucking HATE being talked "at." I am not someone who ignores people, but due to the lack of people with good manners, I had no choice but to learn to ignore those who are not polite towards me... like the overweight beer bellied bearded lumberjack Bon Iver-wannabe techie in the Wordpress jacket who not only interrupted my phone convo without acknowledging that I was on the phone but was rushing me to get out of my seat so his fatass basic white bitch gf could sit there.Going here is sorta like a test for people who have sensibilities that isn't as crude as gorilla toenails. That alone pushes me to try harder in finding other places that stayed opened later and had decent tables but attract more genuine, down to earth people, so I go here a lot less than before.But what happened yesterday really broke this camel's bac enough to make me never return.I found 1 parking spot left in the lot at around 3pm and an overweight skank on goddess-mode wearing very revealing leggings was yakking on her latest iPhone was standing in the spot. I honked my horn and she said she's saving the spot. I told her that's fucking bullshit and these parking spaces are first come, first serve- there is no reserved parking. She diva hair flipped ignored me. OH. HELL. NO. I was ready to pull into the space, take off my glasses, get out of my car and beat that silly fat hoe. But no...I thought rationally, I should just roll up my windows and leave. I find a very close spot on the street and park there to scream obscenities for a good 10 minutes until my murderous rage came to a manageable level.NEVER in my entire life have I had to deal with such stupidity over a parking space just because some lazy bitch would rather risk getting run over just because her fat entitled feet were too delicate to walk a few more seconds to a coffeeshop. Not in Boston and the drivers there are the creme de la creme of assholery. Not in NYC and yes I was brave enough to drive there. Not on the hilly, foggy streets of San Francisco whether there was a gay parade or not. And certainly not in my hometown of LA where there's virtually no parking lots and you parallel park wherever you can. But yes, this bullshit had to happen in an unimportant, uncool suburban sprawl full of provincial assholes who never get out of this backwards state and thinks life revolves around mediocrity and mainstream mall crap.I've already had more than enough.
4	People are friendly, desserts are good, foods are delicious and made fresh. I go there almost everyday I enjoy it so much. The coffee is divine!
5	I love Lux.  They roast their own beans, make their own pastries.  And the breakfast menu is fantastic.  I am a devout devourer of Aunt Gladys (with avocado on the side).  And for a bit of sweet and savory, pair it with the Belgian pancake with mixed berries!The DJ is a nice touch.  Everyone can do with a bit of mood enhancement in the morning.I complained once... and the manager responded.  He was attentive and earnest.As for the hip vibe... yes, it's all that - so the hipster admonishments in the other posts are a bit gratuitous.  If you don't like hipsters, go to Starbucks.  But, that is more about personal choice.  If I have one ongoing peeve, it relates to the made-to-order food ordering.  I don't get the concept of running coffee orders before you reach the register - so that by the time you pay, the steaming brew is at the counter.  Why they don't extend the same service to food ordering is maddening.  The line can run out the door.  So, one stands in line for a good 15 mins to then have to place a food order and wait another 10-15mins for it to be ready.  PLEASE change that process.Otherwise... LUX is my favorite breakfast spot in Phoenix!
4	Great coffee shop, even better pastries! They have at least half a dozen different types of scones to choose from, amongst other things, and the size of the scones are huge!! We got the strawberry vanilla bean scone to share, and the SO got the espresso macchiato while I got the chai latte. It's a very hipster vibe and the place was packed and overflowing at 1030AM on a Sunday, but the staff are super efficient and we got out order in no time at all. The scone is moist and very flavorful, and I wished I had gotten a few more to try. The SO liked his macchiato, I thought my chai was just standard. Overall, a great little spot for Sunday brunch or a meetup with friends!
4	This is my favorite shop in the world.. The coffee, the pastries and food are amazing.. They have the best service and the design and the changing art makes this place unique..
4	I am so in love with this place its not even funny. Everything about it is spectacular. I go here every single chance I get, really. The coffee is divine.
4	1st time here but will return if I visit Phoenix again.  Fun hipster place.  Line was out the door for service and it's basically self serve & self seat.  Inside is a trendy atmosphere with good coffee, homemade scones, danish etc.  They have omelets and kitchen offerings.  I had the veggie omelet with extra salsa .......yum.  They even had a dj here playing some sort of fused jazz.   Nice place to hang out.
5	Overcrowded with hipsters, but the coffee is great! My personal fave drink to order is the black and white.
4	Great coffee. Cool hipster vibe. Yummy breakfast items. Service is excellent.
5	I love the atmosphere, the lattes and food!!!
4	I went to Lux for brunch with some friends and the food was pretty good. First off, the line was REALLY long, which is both good and bad. Bad, for obvious reasons, but good because it tells you that they are popular, which would usually hint at the quality of the food you will eventually consume. Second, they are kind enough to get drink orders while you wait in line so that you can start having your coffee, tea, juice, or whatnot, while you wait for your food. Third, the decor of Lux was cool enough to distract me while my friends and I waited for our breakfast to be prepared. Lots of retro-looking lamps on the tables combined with art from local artists made for a warm and welcoming atmosphere. When our food did arrive, we were all satisfied! I got the Aunt Gladys's homemade salsa over four strips of tender belly bacon, three scrambled eggs, white cheddar, and hash, which was pretty delicious. My two friends also really enjoyed their meals. I'm giving them 4 stars because I did think that their food was a bit over-priced for what you got, both in portion size and quality. I mean, it was $5 for a glass of orange juice... Other than that, I was very satisfied with the experience.
5	While it's a bit tricky to find, once you're in... you're in!!!
5	Great independent coffee shop with really good coffee, great service and amazing clientele.  This, Hob Nobs, Luci's, Urban Spoon and Copperstar Coffee, along with Cartel Coffee Company in several locations, are my favorite independent coffee stores here in the Phoenix metro area.  If your dilithium crystals are running low, dock at any of these eclectic coffee shops to get your fix on.
4	I am so in love with this place its not even funny. Everything about it is spectacular. I go here every single chance I get, really. The coffee is divine.
5	Great environment! Fun, chill, and good coffee.
5	Seriously the best! Lots of room and outlets for your devices to charge.Great selection of teas, coffee, and pastries.. I think they have other food stuffs.. But had just had dinner and wasn't hungry but for a snack..Great atmosphere.. I have never been to a coffee joint that had such a mixed crowd.. From young college high schoolers... To 70 year olds with cane to on duty off duty officers, professionals, students. Whatever you guys are doing at Lux keep it up.. A very welcoming place and a very come together and be comfy place.If I lived in Phoenix I would be here everyday.
3	Sorry, it's just not good enough for me to wait in line with a bunch of asshats wearing tights with twisted mustaches that were popular  a decade ago in California. Plus, I recently saw an article and it was all about how this was the place to go to be "seen"... spare me. I hate that pretentious crap. Like I need to be "seen" at a certain coffee house in order to validate my coolness in society. I'm all for quality, but when the line is out the door and the coffee doesn't taste much different, I don't get it.Meh.
4	Great brews and vibes all around. Perfect for those have to be hipster nights and while it gets busy there is always place to sit and chill outside (could be literal depending on temperature of said outside) myWife had the chai latte and I had a velvet latte and both tasted great. We both also tried some pumpkin whoopie pies that were also great. Our party tried a mix off their menu and even a large coffee mug of Mac n cheese. Everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered and no real complaints. The restaurant and restrooms were clean and the staff was quite friendly as well. I would recommend lux to my yelp friends as well and it's worth a try. From what I understand they do have wifi available and showcase local art on their walls which is always a plus. Check them out !
5	Why Have I not rated this place yet?  Probably because I don't want it to get any more people in front of me in line to get some of the best espresso served in Phoenix.  Lux is amazing, no joke without this place I wouldn't of graduated from college.  They hours of operation is incredible, allowing students to crack down on their papers before their deadlines.  The range in menu is pure bliss.  From coffee to alcohol all the way to muffins to Steak dinners, if there isn't one thing on the menu you don't want, it's because you probably want it all.  It's sincerely my home away from home.  I'm there practically everyday.
3	whats with the attitude?
