5	Doug always has new information on pools and how to handle different issues that might come up with your pool.  He has always done a good job and I would highly recommend using him for any repairs or monthly pool service!
5	After moving into a foreclosed home, we needed help getting the pool up and running. Doug came out to cleanup the pool, teach us to run the equipment, backwash the pool, balance the chemicals. He has since been back out to fix some broken equipment. In between visits I have called him multiple times with questions and he always is very patient, taking time to walk me through the steps needed to address the problem. I would recommend Desert Gator Pool Service to any one in need of help. They are honest, knowledgeable, quick to respond to phone calls and service requests and they are friendly as well. We feel very well taken care of with their services.
5	You can't get better then Desert Gator Pools! Thank you for excellent service every time!
5	Doug and his team of very hard worker did a   Fantastic job on the resurfacing of our pool. We absolutely love it!! We highly recommend them for any pool service you may need!!
5	Doug and his team are amazing. I used them a few years back to look at our equipment and our pool for some patch work. They were so honest!! I have recommended them twice to close friends and they have been very satisified. I will be calling on them again for some more pool work this month!
5	We had an issue with cracking and peeling of our Kool deck, and Doug found a deeper problem around the skimmer basket. We got 3 other estimates, and only one would even try to repair the skimmer basket issue! Doug and crew were very efficient and professional. I was very pleased with the quality of their work too. They replaced an old single speed pool pump with a newer multi speed pump, and WOW what a difference in efficiency! Our electric bill went down significantly!  Use these guys for ANY pool problem you may have, they are awesome!
5	Great service, great prices.  Doug is amazing and most importantly very honest.  You won't go wrong if you call them when you have a problem with your pool.
5	My pool was in dire need of resurfacing. Doug (the owner-operator) and his staff turned my tired, ugly pool into the backyard escape I didn't know I could afford. He helped with onsite consultation and offered suggestions that fit my budget and my wishes. My pool now has a new baja step (shallow water play area) so that my little swimmers could enjoy a larger area of the pool and added an umbrella hole to help protect them from the intense direct sunlight while they play...all by suggestion! I didn't realize that could be added so afford-ably. He also installed an efficient variable speed pump to save on energy consumption and we added a UV filter to help reduce the necessary chlorine levels.
5	So glad my daughter found Desert Gator Pool Service for us!!  Three days before Christmas (yeah, timing is everything....), our 3 1/2 year old Haywood variable speed pump quit.  Contacted Desert Gator and Doug called to get the codes and he knew right away what the problem was.  The system was only 5 months outside Haywood's warranty and they have known problems with the lot of pumps (my luck) we have.  So, Doug worked the phones and convinced Haywood to at least provide a lower cost repair--they did!!  Our Christmas was not completely destroyed as the repair only cost us $300 versus the cost of an entirely new one (had Haywood not come through, they would have lost a customer.....).  We know we'll be repeat customers for Doug and his team.  As I write this, my pump is running and my little vacuum robot is happily swimming the pool floor.  Thanks Desert Gator for being an honest broker and a customer advocate!!
