4	Who knew that this restaurant in the Venetian Hotel would be so good!  The Grill at Valentino is an Italian restaurant and the whole family enjoyed the feast put before us.  I ordered the House Salad for $10.  Yes, I know $10 for a salad - but this is one of the best salads I've ever had!  Green, sprightly leaves combined with this wonderful balsamic vinegar and olive oil.  It's a meal size salad.  For my entree, I ordered the Carpellaci Spinach and Ricotta with Fresh Tomato Sauce for $16 - a nice plate of pasta so simply put together yet so tasty.  Carpellaci is something like a ravioli except slightly bigger - looks like flat wontons, really!  The rest of my party ordered the Spaghetti with Meatballs - really, really good sauce and nicely ground meat in the meatballs.  The special pasta of the day was the Seafood in Marinara sauce.  Also, quite good.Why did I only give 4 stars out of 5?  Well, it was quite difficult to flag down the waiter.  When he did turn up, we asked him to get us chilli flakes but I wanted it for my dad but he gave only to my sister and dashed off before I could tell him we wanted more round the table!  Go figure!
4	Good food, good service! The 4 star rating is for the Osso Buco. My Lasagna was maybe the best I've ever had and a 5 star for sure. Actually melted in my mouth. An excellent wine list to boot makes this place the real deal. Can't wait to go back and try their upscale restaurant in the back.
4	Stopped for a glass of wine and was thinking about appetizers before checking out the grill menu. We had really planned on bar hopping the better restaurants this evening to try various bites but the menu at Valentino's was too nice to pass up. The restaurant has a fine dining menu and a more affordable grill menu. Not sure what the FD side brings to the table but beating the grill fare for the price, would be a staunch task.My wife loves shrimp cocktail and I am a steam clam away from total bliss so the starters pinned our smile meters right away. We both had traditional pasta dishes that were authentic, delicious, and served perfect al dente.  I followed dinner with a nice Tiramisu and coffee and  we were fat and sassy.Angel, our waiter was a joy and really bent on customer service. Between a great personality and wonderful service he garnered my best tip of the weekend award.  Restaurant is small. Probably only 12 or so tables but very good and in. Vegas terms very affordable...  Try it
3	New York steak was perfect. Veal was OK.Seafood pasta was as bad as it could be. Plus they give complimentary tap water, which smells disgusting and tastes even worse. Why don't you get some good water filtration system?
5	Had our meal before we had to leave for the airport. Most memorable items: Best shrimp scampi ever (perfectly prepared - not greasy and very flavorful) as well as the tiramisu (the right amount of amaretto and ricotta). Simply wonderful. They wait staff and front desk were very accommodating and polite. The only thing I would stay away from is the gnocchi, not quite the texture or flavor I was expecting...
4	For appetizers we had the Il Fritto Misto: Fried Shrimp, Scallop, Crab Cakes, Calamari, Asparagus, Broccoli and Artichokes.  Tasty and plenty for the four of us.   We also had the Steamed Clams with White Wine.  We enjoyed the very good appetizers.  My wife and I split a spinach salad that was also very good.  I love cioppino so ordered it.  It was one of the best I have had.  It had a lot of quality seafood and the broth was awesome, very rich and tasty.  I ate a lot of bread soaking up the broth.  The seafood was not overcooked as it often is with this dish.  This dish was much better than what I had recently at a famous restaurant in San Francisco.  This place is pricy but the food is excellent.
2	My wife had the Margherita pizza and said it was not good.  While I had the spaghetti and it was decent.
