3	Was Starvin' like Marvin yesterday morning and went to the drive thru to grab something on the way to an early morning meeting.  While I don't eat at McDonald's too often, this one in particular was impressive....why?  Well, for starters they open both drive thru windows, which makes it go 2x faster.....many fast food places no longer open the second window and it takes forever to get through.I ordered 2 Sausage McMuffin Sandwiches and a Bottle of Water.  The service was quick, the food was hot and fresh.  What more could I ask for?Will I return?  Next time I'm in a pinch for breakfast, you bet!
3	On my way home after ending my work day late on the eve of my Christmas vacation I decided to celebrate (and fill my empty stomach) with a quick snack.  I wasn't to excited to go to a McDonalds in between a Costco and WalMart especially on Christmas week, but I was pleasantly surprised the place was not over crowded.  I went through the drive through because I was anxious to get home and relax.  Although there was 3 cars in front of me I made it through quickly.  Had something to do with both Drive-thru windows open and the dude taking the order was competent and friendly.I ordered a Mint Mocha with my fries (strange combination I know) and it was delightful.  Could have been a little bit hotter, but other than that it was enjoyable.Overall I have a pleasant experience at this MD's.  A rare occurrence these days.
3	I use to work at the Costco in front of this McDonalds so it was pretty much my sole food option for lunch at work. I am worn out on this food for a decade or two, but the service was always pretty good, and the drive thru was always really fast, so ther's not much to complain about here.
1	I stopped by this McDonalds yesterday to pick up breakfast for my wife and son. To find when I get home that they had not given me half my order. Being in a time crunch I decided to call, The manager acknowledge that they knew they had left things out on accident and so i tried to tell them to refund my card but I was told they could not do that and that if I wanted to I could come in the next morning and they would give me what they had forgot to give me. I was not happy about having to go back but I did. Now I'm even more unhappy after going there this morning and trying to get what they forgot to give me. The manager was rude and acted like I was wasting her time to get my food that they had forgot to give me. So after giving me some cold mcmuffins, no apology  and could not even offer me a free cup of coffee for my major inconvenience. I left and will never go back to this McDonald's. I know people make mistakes but it's how you correct those mistakes and the customer service you give when you make a mistake that matters. Corporate needs to help this McDonald's get it together!
4	The woman over the drive-through mic was pleasant and had a good sense of humor. She informed me of the coffee special and $1 coffee makes me very happy.That was it. I wanted fast, in & out coffee and got great service and a good product at a good price. I don't really eat fast food, but if I was going to, I would go back to this McDonalds.
4	I stop by this MCD's drive thru often when I'm on my way to/from the Clark County Shooting Park. This one is fast and my order has never been messed up. I pull up, order, pay and am off with my food. Never have to wait around much, which is exactly the point of going to a fast food joint.
4	Been to this location repeatedly.  Almost always a good experience.  Nothing to write home about, but the drive thru is fast and my order is almost always right.  Customer service is average...sometimes stellar, but usually just acceptable. We've never had any problems. Food is good.  Employees are polite.
1	I recognize that after midnight might appear to be late, but c'mon, guys, this is Las Vegas!  After having dinner on the Las Vegas Strip and catching Jubilee at the Flamingo, my wife and I decided to cap off date night with an ice cream cone and hot apple pie from McDonalds on the way home.No dice.  Despite the long line at the drive thru, we were informed that the ice cream machine was down.  No problem, we thought, just give us our hot apple pies and we'll take a latte to share.Now, the fact that the package the apple came in read "Caution: HOT!" led me to believe that the apple pie would actually be, you know, hot.  My handy dandy insta-read thermometer informs me that the actual temperature of my "HOT!" apple pie is actually 70 degrees Fahrenheit.  If I convert this temperature to Kelvin, THEN  it seems to be hot, but on both the Fahrenheit and Celsius scales this seems to be sorely lacking.C'mon guys.  It doesn't seem to much to ask that the "HOT!" apples pies at least be warmer than body temperature.  Given the fact that the line for the drive-thru was at least 10 cars long when we arrived, I assume that there was enough turn-over in your food inventory to ensure that the products you were selling were fresh and hot.  I am disappointed with this experience!
1	I understand that this is a McDonald's, so what did I expect? I used to work in this shopping center so I ended up at it a shameful amount. They have always, always been a hot mess. Still, I always seem to forget and give it another chance, but I had the worst fast food experience of my life here a few weeks ago. It was about 11:30 p.m. when I pulled into the drive-thru, with 4 cars ahead of me. I place my order and pull up a little bit. That was the last time I moved for the next 20 minutes. It is not an exaggeration. The drive-thru is set up so that there is absolutely no way you can get out of it once you're in it. I was trapped in this stupid drive-thru for what felt like an eternity, and I hadn't even paid.When I finally get to the first window, there is nobody there. After about a minute the girl came scurrying in and had to ask me what I had ordered. Holy. Crap. (As a side note, cashier girl, if you ever read this, I'm sorry I was kind of rude to you. I felt pretty bad about it. It wasn't your fault.)Anyway, after finally paying, we're stuck again. While I'm waiting, I can see the food window handing bags and taking them back from the car that's there currently. Great, they're messing up orders. The next car has the same situation.I get up to the window and the guy hands me a bag that is very clearly not my food based on the size, but I checked anyway. Nope. I wait for him to come back and tell him, and he grabs the other bag that had been sitting there since before I even got to the window and hands me that one instead. No apology, nothing. He didn't even look inside either of the bags.The worst part of all of it is that after this 30-minute journey, my fries were so cold. So, so cold. Hot McDonald's fries are the only reason to go to McDonald's! At that point, I just wanted to get as far away as possible from this place. It should never be so hard to get terrible food. I always go to McDonald's with hardly any expectation, but somehow this one always seems to surprise me. Wait through the light at 215 and go to Burger King instead if you've got a hankering for $1 burgers.
5	These guys are great.  They rarely mix up or make errors on orders. Drive thru moves quickly. Staff is friendly and professional.  My favorite mcd in the NW.
1	Went to drive thru to get a ice cream sunda. Went to drive through to find out the machine was not working. Well because the drive through line was long had no choice but to sit and drive through. Drove to the window to ask a simple question. " Is there any reason you could not put up a sign saying machine is broken? " The assistant mangers answer was I told the manager. Wow what a very poor answer to give a customer. There is always a issue with this place. This place is a complete joke and it is to bad Noone cares.
1	First of all I never eat McD's.  I have it maybe once a year.  I just do not care for it.  I was having a bad day and was short on time so I decided to stop at this location.  The fries were cold when they hit the bag.  I had some Habenaro bacon burger is what I ordered.  I do not think that is what I got becuase there was not even a tickle of hot on this burger.  Also the burgers from here are always small and wimpy.  Needless to say I still do not care for McD's and this visit made me realize why. Thank you!.  Now maybe it will be a visit every two years.  Dollar menu is the best thing going for any of the locations.
1	I go to McDonald's a lot because it's convenient when I'm getting off from work... But this is the slowest McDonald's in the world!!! Every freaking time!!! So this last time I'm in a rush and I see a line at the drive thru so I decide I'll go inside since there drive thru sucks here... I get inside and there's 2 people ahead of me.... Took them about 5mins to ask me for my order (not bad) so I place a order for two mcchickens and a large fry... I'm waiting and waiting and waiting watching all 7 employees take there sweet time... One manager is just standing there talking to 2 employees about who's going in break next and joking around but none of them were working ! The whole time I'm giving them the death stare!!! Did I mention I was in a rush??? I finally got my food 20 mins later... I realized priority goes to drive thru customers first... I could have went thru the drive thru 10 times smh
1	it's a ritual to park and double check the order, came here on a Tuesday night at approximately 7:30pm, we seem to be short on food constantly..it's gettin' to be a little annoying..they always seem to be very courteous when they fix the orders, over all they're coo peeps but do not forget to double check each drive through order.....I've learned my lesson
