1	Thought this place was wonderful when we first looked at the place, spacious, great kitchen and living area. Well our fridge leaked and always got our food, our AC leaked and we FINALLY got a new unit outside the apartment but did that fix the problem? No. Maybe we got a bad apartment but still it was a headache. The complex is right down the street from a not so good part of town, dont believe me??look up on the Police website of the crime that has happened recently, almost all are Auto Theft related..and I have a locking gas cap on my car now because of the fact that I would get up to go to work and i'd start my car and what did you know...in my window for my speedometer read the message "gascap"  so i took a look at it and BOOM  there was my gas cap hanging by the string as soon as i opened the flap along with HALF my tank missing. Good if you like tennis courts and being right down the street from AZ Mills mall.
4	I have had no problems with this place, every time something needs to be fixed its done promptly.  Its a little bit pricier but if you take advantage of all the complex has to offer then its worth it. Great pool, nice racketball courts, tanning beds and a good gym.
1	We've been living here a year. Our neighbors have slashed tires in the parking lot, there have been multiple domestic disputes with other neighbors where cops have shown up, the complex does nothing about it. There is an abandoned upscale vehicle that has been in the same parked spot for 8 months. The spa was broken for 6 months when we first moved here. Our AC has been broken a few times this summer. We called the emergency maintenance request line and no one responded. Why set up a line and call it emergency! We had to buy a hotel room because our place was unlivable with the AC out. Save yourself the cost of a hotel room and rent.  Move to another complex!
1	Seriously have never lived in an apartment with this many issues. I pay a lot of money a month for this and after the first THREE days of us moving in the microwave, store, toilets, garbage disposal, hot water and dryer was broken. I had to call the manager everyday for 4 days to report issues. We waited two weeks and no one came until we had to come down to the office and talk to the manager's manager. Recently, our fridge leaked all over our kitchen and my boyfriend ended up fixing it before the maintenance guys. I'm surprised the downstairs apartment didn't see water coming in from the ceiling. They show you an awesome model of apartments, then show you the great amenities(which are actually REALLY great so that's what the 1 star goes to) but then stick you in a shitty apartment and when you express your issues they reply with "that's frustrating". I'm not the only one who has these issues. You can pay $150 bucks more a month to get new appliances so if you don't listen to my warning at least pay more for the apartments with new appliances because this has been a true nightmare and I NEVER write bad reviews.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. You can never count on the office to answer its phone. Its apparent that they are not the voice of their Tennant's and drag their feet when trying to get anything resolved. When we first moved in it took us nearly a month to get service requests fulfilled and that was not due to lack of trying on our part. I called every couple days then every single day until our problem was fixed. The office had even told me at one point to call back in a few days to remind them if it was not taken care of. I didnt realize this was my job...They clearly do not have a system set up to enter work orders. I have however had good encounters with two of the maintenance men...a heavier Mexican and a younger white fellow. Huge shout out to them for being the only reliable people. We cant wait to move out.
