1	A group of co-workers told us about the great Grouper sandwiches at Vinnie's. We both ordered.  He had the blackened and I had the fried.  My sand which was not particularly sweet as true Grouper.  However what really got my angry what the waitress bragged about how it was flow in daily.  I should have know by the blurred tramp stamp she was a liar twice over.  Turns out the business has been caught not once, but twice for selling catfish as grouper.  I would gladly pay extra for true fresh grouper.  What is interesting is they were caught by the Charlotte Observer. Here is what they found.  More restaurants caught in fish-switchAre you getting the fish you paid for and the fish you ordered, or are you eating something else entirely? We've asked the question before and found surprising results.Now we are putting local restaurants to the test again.Buying one thing and getting another? Is it fraud? A mistake? An oversight? Or a cheap way to increase profits margins? Whatever you call it, you can't call it grouper. Our hidden camera investigation took us to nine different local restaurants, all selling grouper.We ordered the grouper, put the sample into a bag, on ice, and in the mail to be DNA tested at the Guy Harvey Research Institute at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauder dale.Our mission? To find out whether, seven months after we first busted local restaurants substituting grouper with cheaper fish, restaurants have learned their lesson.The results? Out of the nine restaurants we tested, a third were not giving you the grouper you ordered."I'm a bit surprised because I thought with all the publicity from the last time we found a lot of substitution, restaurants would sort of get the message that (there) are forensic methods that are able to identify whether they are substituting seafood or not," said Dr. Mahmood Shivji, Nova Southeastern University.Here is the kicker, Vinnie's---Read on friends....Our third failure is a repeat offender: Vinnie's Raw Bar on South Boulevard. The first time we found catfish masquerading as grouper in their signature original grouper sandwich, the manger told us, "We don't condone any misleading whatsoever."Really? Because here's what happened when we called to order the blackened grouper sandwich this time:Ordering over the phone, Anna said, "I'd like to order the blackened grouper sandwich that you have?"The Vinnie's waitress asked, "Blackened Grouper Sandwich?""That's right," said Anna.When we shipped the "Vinnie's Blackened Grouper" off to the lab, DNA tests showed that grouper is really catfish."It's quite disturbing because that same restaurant was found substituting the first time, clearly they have (not) learned their lesson and they've done it again," Shivji, our DNA scientist, said.So everyone stop patronizing this establishment.  The number of articles in the local papers are all lies.Feel free to call these fraudsters http://www.vinniesrawbar.com/index.htm
3	I like Vinnie's as well. The oysters are great, and in my opinion are the main reason to go there. The po-boy's are also pretty good, and the one time I had the fish sandwich I remember it being tasty. (Not sure if it was labeled as grouper or not.)They usually have decent beer specials, with one dollar domestics making an appearance from time to time. They do tend to hire only "hotties" for the most part. I've never had that negatively impact my own personal service experience, but take it for what you will.My only real complaint is that they turn the music way up at night. I could understand if the place is rocking, but I've been there on nights when there where only a handful of tables seated and the music was still at dance club decible levels. I can't be the only one that likes to talk to the people I am eating with.Overall, it's a good place to go have beers and oysters with the guys.
3	I've only been to Vinnie's once & it was for drinks, so I can't speak to the food here. But the nighttime atmosphere is pretty jumping, with plenty of people & plenty of tvs to catch any of the games going on. They seem to have some pretty good booze specials as well, so if you're in the area looking to go out, then this wouldn't be a bad choice. Some of the friends I was with ordered the oysters & seemed to be quite happy with their choice, even though I think the things are nasty. So even though I don't like that type of food, this is apparently what they're known for so if you like raw oysters, then head here to check these out as well.Head over to Vinnie's if you're looking to catch a game or want some good raw bar seafood. You can usually catch a drink special as well & this would be a good starter bar for the night to me. I wouldn't spend the whole night here, but a mellower night would be great here.
4	Ever get a craving for some good, cheap fried seafood and some cheap beer?  Vinnie's has you covered.   Vinnie's is a VERY casual place and that's what makes it fun.  The atmosphere is always very lively and it's a good place to go hang out with friends.  After a couple of beers, I usually enjoy their salt & pepper catfish with fries.  Yes, the catfish is a bottom-feeder and probably one of the dirtiest of fish, but it is de-lish!  My only disappointment with Vinnie's is that there are no fried clams on the menu.  What's that about?  When I'm in the mood for fried seafood, fried clams are at the top of the list!
2	The food used to be great here! Now it's mediocre at best. The beer specials used to be good but now you get plastic cups. if I wanted to feel like I was at a frat party I'd stay at home. Boo. The only thing I do like about this place now is it still has a great sports crowd and is fun to be at during a Duke/Chapel Hill game or even the Pather fans have a sense of humor..... Now that I'm in Chicago and have found a dive that has awesome fish I dislike Vinnie's even more.
1	I have never in all my life...I went there with a group of about 12 people after the South End Gallery Crawl on Friday night. We walked inside first so we saw that it wasn't very crowded. We could also see that there was no great influx of people because we sat outside near the front door and next to a window.I did not expect the fastest service at 8:00 on a Friday night with a group of 12. I was having fun so that was OK. I was also not expecting such a completely terrible fiasco of an evening. We waited over an hour for our food (very simple appetizers with one or two sandwiches), but not because they were busy, it was because the waitress waited forever to enter the order. When a few people spoke up about the wait, the waitress ARGUED with us and said that the order was just entered and that's what took so long. Really? I still do not understand why that was her defense. She waited 45 minutes to enter our order and that was supposed to be OK?? After a little more lip from the waitress a few people asked for the manager. He didn't come out right away so the leader of the group went in to talk to him. He told her that we weren't upset, she was just drunk. She actually came back to the table crying! What on earth made him think this was OK to say???Someone else went in to talk to him but it turns out out that he was busy because he was watching the surveillance video to see what happened. Are you serious? I have worked in restaurants before and have NEVER had one of my bosses do that. It actually bothered me the way that they just gave into anything from a whimper to a tirade. I know that's the way it's supposed to be done though, not "Tell them I'll be out in a minute. I need to watch the video first".Anyway, when the manager finally came out, he argued with us, too! After a few minutes of telling us we were wrong he finally asked if he wanted us to comp the meals. We said "no" because that would imply that we were satisfied and would be coming back. It's not that we minded paying, we just didn't want to be treated like street trash. He just had a very bad attitude and was completely unprofessional. I will never, ever go back there again. It was a terrible experience. And the food wasn't that good either.  :((I was tired and wrote "professional" instead of "unprofessional" the first time).
4	This is a very laid back dive bar that serves some decent seafood and other stuff.  I've been here before, but my latest trip was last Saturday morning to cure the hangover from the night before with my girl.  We had the shrimp basket and a 1/2 dzn raw oysters and one very spicy (as ordered) bloody mary.  Don't come here with your pretentious attitude.  This is a jeans and t-shirt hangout that isn't trying to be anything more than that.
4	Monday nights at Vinnie'e rule- all you can eat crab legs and cheap beer! Food was good...best raw oysters in NC. Service was great, Emily was on top of things, always a step ahead. It's nice when your server anticipates the needs of the table.I will be back!
4	This used to be one of my regular hang outs when I lived in Charlotte. I came here for two reasons. Very cold beer and great oysters on the half shell - both served at a reasonable price.  It is also a great place to people watch or to watch sports on the TV's.  A big problem  used to be finding a parking place at the South Blvd. location.  Any way I no longer live in Charlotte and I came back to Vinnie's under a strange situation.  I had gone to eat at a very famous old steak restaurant a few miles south of Vinnies.  At this restaurant I ordered a dozen oysters and was surprised to find that they were not fresh having been served out of a bottle on these BS little pottery Oyster Shells.  They were awful, not fresh, and they were also 16 bucks.  On top of that when I complained the waitress told me that the Health Department would not allow oysters to be sold on the half shell.  Well I finish my meal and  just drove on up South Blvd and whipped into Vinnies  parking lot where I was able to find a parking place.  I ordered a dozen oysters ($10.49 )and a glass of club soda.  They came out in less than five minutes and they were perfect!  Actually I joked with my waitress saying that I had been cheated.  She looked surprised and ask what the problem was and I told her that I had been served 14 oysters .  She laughed and commented that they some times did that when some of the oysters were a little smaller than the rest.  She also told me that there was one night when they were 25 cents apiece.   Let me say that Vinnies is a great place- that delivers what they say.  I will keep it on my list of favorite Charlotte watering holes!
3	Seeking fried goodness and cheap beer? Belly on up to Vinnie's. And maybe bring some stretchy pants. I've been to Vinnie's a few times and I'm always intrigued by their super cheap brew specials (as Michael E. points out). This is a great little spot to grab a beer and some grub and watch the game. The waitresses here are always friendly and sport teeny little tanks - which I'm sure is a big hit with the guys. I'm really happy that smoking is outlawed indoors, as this place used to be almost unbearable in the evenings. No one likes to have a big side of smoke with their shrimp po' boy. And by the way, although a ton of their menu is fried (and well made), they do offer a great crab leg special on Monday nights that I am just itching to try. Per hubs, this is an amazing place to score oysters, too! Now...which Monday am I going to plant myself for unlimited crab legs...?
2	This use to be one of my favorite places. Always loved their fried shrimp and can't beat $1 beers.  However, I went back in the winter for all you can eat crablegs.  Boy what a disappointment.  The crablegs were tiny, some were ice cold and the butter was also cold. The service was very lacking.  Not sure that I'll ever go back.  Think Vinnies has ran its course.
3	When I think of Vinnie's, I think of the phrase "It is what it is". This is a no frills kind of place with amazing people watching (I'm looking at you sketchy men at the bar) and cheap drinks. They have a $1 beer special  along with nightly specials. This is usually the first or the last stop of the night for me but I wouldn't dedicate an entire night to hanging there.  Their food is decent and same for the service but again.....it is what it is.
1	Nicole...... this place may have cheap beer  I guess if cheap beer is all your going after if you even can get one! I thought I would try this place out while  waiting on some friends that where at the Sugarland Concert   it was   7 pm not very busy 15 minutes no server what do  they do when its busy? Come on a million bleach blondes in this city that want to make big tips ... ..Then why do you not hire them? Terrible service with a   brain like Walmart people will always come in !           To many places in Charlotte for a cold beer . Sitting in the parking lot  watching people sitting on a bench looking in space not saying a word making love to a Bud not saying a word.             GREAT PLACE.     NOT!
3	Vinnie's for me = $1 beers and good oysters. When the father-in-law is in town, it's a bucket of beer and two dozen oysters while the ladies shop. Outside of that, my visits to Vinnie's are nonexistent. Service is average at best, with a little rough around the edges added. The place is nothing special. If you're looking for a place to watch a game, you'll find plenty of TV's and cheap beer and fried food. They do have some high end items there...crab legs, etc; however, that's not my thing at a place like Vinnie's. Due to the fried food and cheap beer it a good spot late night too. All that said, the oysters are great and cheap. You'll pay $1/oyster vs $2.50/oyster at a place like Upstream in South Park. A-OK!
4	This review is for the South Blvd location.A couple co-workers and I went to this place last night.  What a treat!  It was a Monday night, so it was't too crowded and we easily got a table at around 5:15 p.m.  The decor is typical of a bar - big signs on the wall, lots of TVs.  There was music playing but fortunately it was not so loud we couldn't hear ourselves talk.Our waitress came to our table quickly for our order.  We ordered some raw oysters, which were on special for 25 cents a piece.  We also ordered the calimari appetizer and a bucket of steamed oysters for the three of us to split.   The food came quickly and was delicious.  The oysters ran the gamut in size, but in flavor they were outstanding.We plan on heading back at the end of the month, with more co-workers in tow.  It may well become our hangout for our monthly happy hours since the prices can't be beat and the food is fabulous.
4	I've been to Vinnie's twice now.  I super LOVE the $1 beer specials, and they have also have a good selection of beers on tap.  Not an oyster fan, I haven't ordered those.  The first time I went there, I had their shrimp and grits with bacon and cheese.  These were some of the BEST grits I've ever had.  The second time, I had their fish and chips.  The fish was good, but the fries were soggy and sub-par (I'm very picky about my fries).  I had a piece of peanut butter pie, which was also pretty good.  Their prices are good, and both times I've had good service.  My biggest complaint is the size of their parking lot.  The second time I went the restaurant was less than half full and all the spots were taken.
4	Not really sure why all the other locations have closed down based on my recent visit during lunch.  This location seems perfect, maybe the others just didn't work out due to bad location, not sure.I had the Mahi Tuna salad and it was fantastic.  Very fresh and plentiful.  The bed of greens was chilled and the contrast of the coolness of the salad and the warmth of the Mahi Tuna really made for a great combination.The service was great.  Waitress was very attentive, keep the drinks flowing and she made sure we were being taken care of.My co-workers all ordered different items but one consistent theme was apparent.  They give you plenty of food!  You will not go away hungry or upset that you spent $10 on lunch.  Very affordable and good value for lunch.Never been here for dinner but I imagine it may be a good spot at night to enjoy a cold beer and socialize given its location.
3	What can I say - Vinnie's is a little rough around the edges. If you can get past that (and find a parking space), you'll find yourself amidst great drink specials, decent food, friendly staff, and even friendlier regulars.The staff may not be the most knowledgeable out there (I asked if I could have the tuna for my sandwich seared, since the menu says it is sashimi grade - our server had no idea what that meant), and the establishment may not be fully prepared at all times (a few people wanted chardonnay, there wasn't any chilled.. but then there actually was? ... but they had to keep refilling the glasses they were initially served instead of bringing new ones out each round because they were the only two clean ones in house?), but it's a great laid-back vibe with very filling portions and decent food. And really, if you're just in need of a tv with the game on, liquids, and maybe something fried - you'll definitely be taken care of.  We ended up there on a trivia night and the trivia, although overall easier than some, is poorly run. Multiple part answers that took forever to tally, lots of screaming at regulars amidst the questions for no reason (funny at first, but by the third round you're over it), but they do have a free raffle that goes on in between the rounds. Since some higher up at Vinnie's writes the questions- there is some raunchiness, some a little incorrect, and the girls tend to trip over the questions a little bit. But, hey, really great drink specials help pass the time.Ever since I left Florida for CLT, I've been missing a relaxed raw bar and seafood joint, and Vinnie's fills that, or as best as one could hours from the ocean.
4	The place is a dump, but they have hot women, hot waitresses, good food and cheap beer.  WTF more do you want.  4 guys can go in there eat, drink and be merry and the total bill will be 100 bucks, that is with a 15 dollar tip.  It is a fun place.
1	ugh. the wings are disgusting. can't say much more for the service either.
4	Yes, this place is a little rough with lots of blue collar customers. Great beer specials and wonderful oysters on the half shell, only 35 cents each M- F from 5til 7 pm. Fresh seafood baskets of shrimp, fish scallops and sides.Excellent waitress, Ashley, very attentive to service. Other location in Matthews closed thank God, what a dump.....great place if you wanted a fight.South Blvd is good stuff
3	Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Cheap drink specials and buckets/plastic baskets of seafood are A-OK, but the star of Vinnie's? ***THE LIVE LOBSTER CLAW GAME***This game is cruel, and hilarious, and absurd, all at the same time.  Think of those claw vending machine games you pay $1 or 50-cents for at the front of Wal-Mart stores.  You move a metal claw and it picks up a stuffed Care Bear if you're lucky and got claw skillz.  INSTEAD OF STUFFED UNICORNS, YOU GET TO PICK UP LIVE LOBSTAHS.  AHHHHHHHH! How wrong is this?  Imagine you're an animal, and a giggling teenager (or adult husband) is paying $2 to pluck you from your tank, and EAT YOU! I've seen lobsters help each other out.  If a fellow crustacean friend is in the jaws of the metal claw, another lobster will reach out and save it, by latching on.  It's a sad, horrifying sight...but simply fascinating!  I can't stop watching!  My husband can't stop playing!  It's like The Hunger Games....SEAFOOD STYLE! When you do get a lobster in your grips, Vinnie's will steam it for you, free. Oh yeah.  The rest of the food is okay.  I grew up in New England, so I've had my share of good crab legs and clams and oysters. The boiled potatoes and corn are either mushy or rubbery and overdone.   The food at Vinnie's is mediocre...but it's the lobster claw game that gives the restaurant 3 stars, not 2.
2	Blah! That's the sound I made after spitting out several oysters at Vinnie's. The dozen raw were just fine. Not the best tasting oysters but good but covered the craving. The half bucket of "steamed" were overcooked, rubbery and all the juices drained out. They all tasted like mud. Our server was more concerned with getting off her shift early than working our table. If there is a next time for me at Vinnie's, I think I will stick to foods that can be dropped into a fryer. By the way, where is the RAW BAR in that place? The server did bring us another half bucked "Steamed" but she said they were "micked" - does that mean MICROWAVE? What kinds of Oyster bar is this?
5	AWESOME shrimp and grits.
4	Been a Vinnie's fan since it opened.  Went through a bit a rough time a few years back.  Seemed like a staffing issue.  Ate there yesterday.  Food was hot & good.  Didn't wait very long.  It formerly had a reputation of taking forever to eat.  Parking almost empty lately.  Try it again.
5	All you people are idiots. The lobster game rules and the beers are a buck on wednesday. Yuppy scum with high expectations and 15 percent tips can just stay in and watch a romantic comedy with your turd significant other. The place is a dive and i love it. Its trashy and has all walks of life.....so deal with it.
4	$0.35 oysters for happy hour, $1 beers and hot waitresses. BOOM
3	Is this a place you would go for fine dining? Nope. Is this a cool place to hang out, grab a bucket of beers and partake in some light bites while watching the game or catching up with friends? Yep!  I like the jalepeno poppers and oysters.  The place can get super-crowded at times, but it can be fun if you know what to expect. As Michael says, parking can be a challenge... but from time to time, David and I park and ride the light rail up to Southend to grab a beer and a bite at Vinnie's.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. On the one hand, there are other places that I'd rather frequent. On the other... I'm there pretty much every Thursday night. Paradoxical is my middle name. So why is this joint frequented so much by myself? It's my Thirsty Thursday Happy Hour Crowd hang out. The proximity is right, and the drink specials meet the reqs. ATMOSPHERE:Great on the inside. Interesting decor, plenty of space, and a sweet little "grab it" lobster tank that I've seen people simultaneously win lobster and lose money on. On the outside... a little sketchy. There's a couple of outdoor tables, but service to them is pretty slow. There's a good bench outside to sit on for people who take smoke breaks. There's also corn hole, but it's in the parking lot, so you don't get much wiggle room. They're minus a bean bag ever since a car ran over it. Also, beware of some of the very sketchy characters that you can meet outside that place. I've seen many people get threatened with violence out of the blue from unstable people. Just... watch your back and  who you talk to. TIP: Parking is pure hell in that place, so do yourself a favor and park in the Rite Aid parking lot adjacent.DRINK SPECIALS: Cheap. $1 lights, $2 Shock Tops, and moderately priced on all other drinks. Appreciated.FOOD:Something went wrong here. You're really tossing the dice if you're not getting a tried and true dish in this place. While I fully recommend the honey glazed shrimp, BLT, and fried oysters, there are a few things to stay away from until some guaranteed changes are made. First, the conch balls. Sounded different, I like clams, decided to go for it. Crispy on the outside, but mushy and uncooked in the middle. Shrimp scampi appetizer - I don't know what kind of mad scientist cook is back there, but what came out of that kitchen was a soup bowl with 10 shrimp in it, floating in 2 ladles of butter. It was messy and embarrassing, though tasted good once I had the shrimp draining on multiple napkins I had laid out.TIP: people rave about the all you can eat crab legs, but the price went up form $20 to $30. You can get that cheaper at Tin Tins any day of the week, with a full buffet to boot.SERVICE: This is a running joke in our HH. They seem to go through waitstaff there like people go through oysters. When we first started frequenting this place, the joke was to make sure you can nurse a beer for half an hour, because it'd take an extra 15 minutes to get your next one. Admittedly, the service has gotten noticeably better, though not consistent.To sum it up:Cheap beerSketchy charactersBetter places to eat... I'll be there on Thursday regardless of everything I just said.
4	Good lunch menu.... good food.  Very friendly waitstaff.  Easy to eat for $10 or so.  Try it, you'll like it!
3	This place is just average in my opinion. My fiance and I dined here for lunch and ordered the spinach artichoke dip for an appetizer and two entrees. He got the fried scallops and I got the blackened salmon. I wanted the red beans and rice for the side, but the waitress informed me they are no longer serving that. Hmm, why have it listed on the menu then? I went with the cole slaw instead. A few minutes later, she came back to the table to say they had run out of the dip. We were disappointed, but decided to substitute it with the shrimp scampi appetizer.The appetizer came out a few minutes later and it was decent. I thought the scampi had a good flavor and we each had about 6 shrimp. Next came the entrees. My salmon was seasoned well, but very dry. It was served with tarter sauce, which I thought was an unusual combination. In the end, it turned out saving my salmon by adding much needed moisture to it. My favorite part of my meal was the cole slaw. My fiance said his entree was just OK and didn't end up finishing it. Our total cost for 2 entrees and an appetizer came to about $40. There are better places we could eat at for that price.
1	Went to try the raw oysters... they were the worst I've ever had.  No flavor at all.  Just tasted like tap water, and were sort of dried out and warm.  Only good part is nice waitress came by after I ate 2 and asked if I liked them, I said no, and she took them back and took the dozen off the bill.  If the owner reads this.. please change your oyster supplier.
1	Well, first off.... They were out of oysters. Major bummer, as we had a party of 8 and we were visiting from out of town and went just for the oysters... regardless, we ordered the seafood sampler and the table had a variety of other things. The seafood was drenched in butter, which of course makes everything taste good, however, the seafood was just ok. Crab was super small and there wasn't much of it.The rest of our party was very disappointed- they felt like their meals were overly breaded and tasted the same, so much so, they all got sick of their meals before finishing them.
4	Love Vinnies on South Blvd and at the Lake! Both have great service and food. Especially enjoy the convenience of location on South Blvd
4	I had the fish tacos with a side of pasta salad. My husband had the yellow fin tuna sandwich with a side of onion rings. The tacos were FABULOUS! The onion rings were great!
4	Awesome spot on South End.  I first came here with a co-worker of mine.  Really great bar decor, $1 beer, great food, hot servers!!! Need I say more.  If you need a good kick-back spot where you are treated like a regular, come to Vinnie's!
3	Sketch on the outside, awesome on the inside, and free convenient parking? I'm in!Met a co-worker here for drinks the other night and had a really good time. The fried shrimp were both jumbo and delicious and the drinks were cold and timely. What more can you ask for? Not a lot. Wait, i'm thinking.... nope not much at all.
4	I'm  a seafood lover and  This place is amazing. Had great drinks food & fun
4	The oysters and the Snow crab legs were outstanding! Not the prettiest place, but a great dive bar. Cheap beer too!
1	Went here on a friday night to have a couple cheap beers after dinner with my boyfriend. when we entered the bar intially i asked the hostess if we could sit at the bar, we would only be drinking i told her. she stated that we could sit anywhere. we then sat down at a table and the hostess then came by with menus then i again told her that we would only be drinking, and did not need menus. i also offered once again if we needed to move due to the fact we werent eating. she then said she wasnt our waitress but would inform our waitress of our oder which was 2 pbr drafts. there we sat for about 15 mins while the hostess and our waitress passed us by 2, 3 times blatently not looking in our direction. after being ignored by the too brainless, slutty bleach blondes we decided to get up and hit the road. we asked to speak to a manager but was ignored, and the two dumb walmart mind blondes began to yap there jaw while totally sorry was thrown around we just decided it wasnt worth the time of the managers time if he is only interested in hiring eye candy and not people with somewhat of a caring brain........screw this place theres better service and cold beer other places...
4	Let's cut to the chase, 35 cents raw oysters, Monday to Friday between 5 and 7.  Enuff said!  You all have no idea how many times I have ran out my office door, driving like a mad lady trying to get there before the critical 7pm strike... And it's worth every ounce of effort.  Ok, the oysters vary in size, for instance last night I ordered 18 and half were decent sized and half were a bit tiny.  They always give you enough cocktail sauce and horseradish to clear all your sinuses. Combined with $1.50 beer special (bud light), it's a damn good $10 dinner :) I have also tried the clam chowder and it was delicious.  Monday night is their all you can eat crab legs night.  They have drink and food specials every night of the week, but truly I am here for the oysters.
1	Came here on a Friday after work... Whole in the wall! The server was really nice, but took forever to get our drinks every single time. The menu is lame and tacky. Black markers used to cross out unavalible items. It's suppose to be a raw oyster bar but from what I saw inside & out I would never eat raw oysters there! I thought ordering the garlice parm wings would be safe....they were BLAND! On the upside, they do have foosball tables. So for a group of people that was fun...
1	Used to be a cool place to hang with good food. No the food and service SUCKS!!!! Good drink specials but that doesn't matter if you can't get one. Servers would rather eat or hang with their friends than work. Building is falling apart. They are surviving on their (old) reputation.
2	Come here for drinks, cheap wings, and lots of televisions--do not come here for the seafood. Very disappointed by all their oyster dishes: blackened oysters are just in a bowl of spicy butter, fried oystersreally not crispy, and raw oysters just adequate (so was the fish taco).Definitely not worth the $50 we spent between 2 people.
1	This restaurant closed on 12/16/2012.
