5	Finally a donut shop in Green Valley worth talking about! All hail the Bakery King!I blame my mother for my love of donuts. Every Friday growing up she would take us to the donut shop before school and I would get six rainbow sprinkle donut holes. It was her way of celebrating Friday and helping us get through that last day of school. Well guess what? In my enchanted adulthood I treat everyday like it's Friday and eat donuts when I feel like it. Thanks Mom.I bow to the King for all of the donuts I've tried. Buttermilk- I've never loved these ones, but damn this one was superb.Old Fashioned- Solid.Cake with Chocolate Icing- Most flavorful icing I've tasted in town and the right amount of it. Also the freshest cake ever.Gigantic Cinnamon Twist- Almost the size of a large plate!Rainbow Sprinkle Donut HolesI think that is all that I've tried so far and every single one of them was packed with flavor and so so fresh. Classic donuts done well. Nothing more, nothing less. If donuts with bacon or breakfast cereal on top of them are your thing than you might be sad here. The King currently has a steal of a deal. One donut/muffin/bagel and a cup of coffee for $1.50. I haven't tried their coffee so I can't comment. What I can say is I am in big trouble this shop is so close to my house. I am going to have to control myself from not driving here every morning and treating myself like the girls in the Miss America pageant do after the long anticipated swimsuit competition. You know those girls starved themselves for six months before they spray tanned six packs and got on that stage. Girls be grubbin like wild hogs after that shit. I get it. Bakery King. I welcome you to the neighborhood with open arms and Lycra pants!
4	I was in the area for lunch at Ross J's and decided to look for a dessert spot. I pulled out my trusty Yelp app to see what I bookmarked in the area. Bakery King popped to the top of the list. and I remember Jaime W's recent check-ins so I had to give them a shot. It's a small little donut shop in an inconspicuous strip mall. I walked in and they have tons of donut options. All the donuts are enormous, but they actually have ones that are the size of cakes for about $3.50. What a deal! I ended up with a  chocolate donut that was fluffy and moist. Pretty great, probably even better if I came earlier in the day when they are freshly made. I'd definitely come back if I'm in the area again. The prices are reasonable $1.50 for a coffee and donut or they have deals on a dozen as well.
4	I've been wanting to stop by here before work for weeks and I finally had the chance this past week and it was definitely worth it! They currently have a $1.50 deal for a doughnut and a cup of coffee; the perfect way to start your Friday. Their pastries and doughnuts are delicious! Absolutely stop by if you get the chance.
4	Finally a decent donut shop in the area.  Small selection, but very tasty.  Apple frits were just ok, but the Boston Creams were excellent.We will be coming back again when we crave donuts.
2	Really people! Giving 5 an 4 stars. This place is garbage. Donuts were hard, and taste like box donuts. I am not going to kill them by giving 1 star, only because they are not the worst I had here in Vegas.
1	Yup. Heavy is the head that wears the crown. I guess waking up and opening your store on time every day is too much for this business owner. You call yourself a King? Maybe a King of Sleeping. The few times your store was open when it was suppose to be i thought your donuts were bomb. Unfortunately I don't have time to wait all day for you. I dethrone you dude.
1	I went back to give this a try again, and it was not the same.First, this donut shop does not open until 9am on a Saturday . . . what sort of donut shop opens that late on a Saturday and is closed on Sunday?Second, when I did get there, I saw that they were unpacking donuts from another location.  I have a feeling that they get them from their other location on Eastern.I wanted a Boston Cream and was given a filled donut without chocolate.  I asked if this was for sure a Boston Cream and they said, yes . . . but without the chocolate.  Well when I got home, this glazed donut was filled with whip cream . . . completely gross.  The other donuts weren't good either and we ended up throwing them away.I don't know what happened since the last time I was there, but I certainly NEVER going back.  Besides, if you're going to resell donuts that other people make, you should resell the ones from Friendly on Boulder Highway.Now I would go to your donut shop if you sold their donuts . . . it is just too far to go to Boulder Highway everytime we want donuts.
