5	YOU ARE GOING TO DIE!!! For awhile now I have been saying that the Kierland/Promenade area needs to have a frozen yogurt shop. Well Miami Rice is sooo much better than that! Miami Rice is a store completely centered around 20+ flavors of Rice Pudding! Along with the typically ice cream toppings, they also have Active Culture Frozen Yogurt. They have everything from your typical Chocolate and Vanilla flavors, to Peanut Butter (my favorite), Canoli (amazing) and Coconut Creme. Mix a little bit of Rice Pudding with the French Vanilla Frozen Yogurt... I'm telling you, it is amazing!! All of their products are gluten free and no trans fat. The yogurt's are non fat as well, and I believe the puddings are too, but don't quote me on that. They owners of this franchise are so warm and welcoming and let me have as many samples as I wanted! Through conversation they even offered to give me free Rice Pudding refills... seriously who does that?!? If you're looking for an not-so-fatty alternative to Fro-yo or Gelato, try Miami Rice! (They will even tell you to "Have A Rice Day!")
4	When I first walked in here I was a little skeptical about it. I mean come on RICE PUDDING? I remembered it as the one desert we would get at my grandmother's that made me cry as a kid. Back then I hated it. So it was with a little fear that I started trying it. Then I had my first sample and...WOW! I had the Cinibon (sp?) flavored one and it was great! Then I went down the line and liked almost all of them!  And the active culture yogurt is really good, try them both together. The pudding is only 125 calories for a 5 oz serving and since it is gluten free a lot of people can have it!In the end I wish there was one closer to my house, that is why it lost a star.This ain't your grandma's Rice Pudding....IT IS ACTUALLY GOOD!
5	After reading the first two reviews for Miami Rice, I have to admit, I was intrigued.  I am a huge rice pudding fan, but I'm used to the kind you get for dessert at Greek restaurants and then of course the KozyShack brand that you can buy at the grocery store (it's not bad for store bought pudding)!Before today, I only knew of 2 flavors of rice pudding: plain and with raisins.  Not anymore... now I know of approximately 20 flavors thanks to Miami Rice.  I was in the area (it's located at the FLW Promenade where Marble Slab used to be) -  so I stopped by and was greeted by Susan, the owner of this store and a few others that will be opening soon in the Valley.  She was sweet as can be and told me about the history of the store and offered me samples.  She sold me on the coconut flavor when she told me she has it for breakfast daily.  Instead of tasting the flavors at the store, I trusted my gut (and the reviews from Dana and Hotchy) and took 2 large servings to go.  One coconut and one cinnabon - we picked up dinner to take to a friend's house tonight so this made the perfect dessert!  2 larges were perfect for 4 of us to share.I wowed our friends as they hadn't heard of flavored rice pudding before and we all licked our bowls clean... I think we ended up unanimously thinking that the cinnabon flavor was better, but they were both delicious; and it was a bonus to see the nutrition info and realize it's not so bad for you either!I cannot wait to go back and try some of the other flavors and maybe even go a little crazy and mix it with the active culture fro yo.  I smiled as I was leaving and Susan said what I knew might be coming... 'Have a Rice Day!' I love it!
5	After seeing Gabi's review of Miami Rice I was VERY intrigued.. always looking for something new and different went on her word (and the advice of the other reviews). I can sum this one up really easily.. OMFG! The place is off the f-ing hook! As you can tell I'm very excited.. while I love ice cream and fro-yo this was just so different from that realm of dessert goodness. The staff was SO friendly and outgoing which was so refreshing and delightful! You can sample each flavor to see which one is going to be a home run for your creation. ALL were so good but I narrowed it down to 2, the coconut and the cheesecake.. both were out-fing-standing! The 2 flavors were then topped with vanilla frozen yogurt which was so creamy and smooth (no this fro-yo is not tangy at all).. this was the perfect dessert.. superb texture variation and mouth feel. This really took me back.. when I was a kid my mother would take us all to a buffet called Duff's. For dessert I would get a bowl of vanilla ice cream, cover it with tapioca and then ladle the sauce off the bread pudding right on top. Just heavenly.. this is as close to those fond memories I still carry with me close to my heart. I love Miami Rice.. just appealed to me on so many levels.
5	Query: what kept Crockett and Tubbs lean and sexy? Why, desserts from Miami Rice, of course! Oh, come on, people! I'm shocked no one went there already...The owner, Susan, is a total sweetheart who gave me lots of information about the business, the up and coming locations, and told me that they are willing to work with school groups for fund-raising nights. Since my new school is right around the corner, this will be something I'll take her up on.Besides the rice pudding, which is totally delish, they also have smoothies, coffee, non-tangy fro-yo, and tons of toppings. And a Yelp sticker right on the front door (the mark of the Gabster?). I got the coconut creme, peanut butter, and chocolate to go and a twist cone for a snack right then. Everything is fresh and delicious, low-fat, and not too sweet- the perfect treat.
5	I'm pleased to say that I drove to North Scottsdale to have some rice pudding during one hot afternoon. It was a refreshing treat after playing safe selecting chocolate chip pudding. Next time, I will be more adventurous and try other exotic flavor. They have a flat panel TV screen hung up on the wall to check out ESPN scores whenever your date strolls to restroom. Really a chic place to chill and have a treat before going out for the night.
5	Damn this is good!....who doesnt like rice pudding -what a great idea!It's amazing to me that the flavors can be so REAL - I tried an apple pie flavor....OMG!!!I was a former Kozyshack brand lover but that love affair is over and I'm definitely romancing Miami Rice - I think they had more than 20 flavors....and I will try them all!!....someone please tell me this is low calorie.....ok I will settle for 'made with a lotta LOVE' then!!
5	Well after hearing about this place from Gabi, I decided to save my dessert appetite after Bombay Spice (which was great as well) and finish my carbo loading for a long workout with some rice pudding.  I didn't realize that there were so many flavors to choose from wow.  I guess I was ignorant when it comes to this niche market.  Regardless, upon walking in I was greeted by Stoney (the owner) who was running the place solo.  Extremely gregarious and warm guy throwing samples at me immediately.  I also thought it was cool they had a yelp sticker plastered directly on their front door.  We were shooting the shit for a while and during our conversation I tried 5 or 6 of the different flavors along with the fro yo.  I decided to  make my own concoction of a Medium bowl with Cannoli, Cookies and cream and some Fro Yo on top.I am going to call this the Zack special.  Having this delicasy as my night cap... I was ready to go!  I haven't had a food orgasm this good since ice tango was open.  Wow.  Worth the trip.  Great experience and Stoney is a  great guy and solid entrepreneur.  This place deserves 5 stars.... go see for yourself.Until soon,Zack
3	Ok I hate doing this, but I wasnt wowed at all. I had never had rice pudding in my life so I didnt have any ideas of what it should taste like. The rice pudding was very bland, I would actually never eat it again. The dude in that day, was very very nice and helpful. I give the service 5 stars but the food 2 stars. An example is I hate cupcakes but ate one at this place because I was starving, and I fell in love. This place made me realize rice pudding is bland and not something I want to eat againit wasnt vomit enducing so thats good. but all in all not worth a trip. I was hoping for a new treat discovery. something else that was a turn off was the unsanitary looking plastic containers that look like tupperware they keep the pudding in. If I could change one thing it would be that, i almost didnt eat there because it looked kinda gross. But they get a 3 because i didnt want to puke and the service was good. My girlfriend who loves rice pudding said it was bland and didnt eat half of the kids size. She said it was very average. I hope they make some changes and kick up the rice pudding, like try it colder or more flavorful?  sorry but i wont be back
3	Okay  I think I am with Lindsay on this one. The service was awesome . Couldn't ask for a nicer guy to help us try the flavors. The guy just about did back flips for my family.He  tried everything he could to get  flavors my girls would love but to no avail. Now I am a rice pudding lover to begin with  so it didn't take much to make me happy. But I wasn't necessarily  wowed.  The pumpkin was good , the cinnamon bun was good too.   I do want to go back another time and give it a try , in fact the Norterra location in North Phoenix will be open in about 3 weeks so I probably will try up there.   I think it;s a very interesting concept and I want to like it. It's just not  awesome enough to crave it  .
5	I have been wanting to try this place for awhile (as I am a rice pudding loverrr) but everytime my friend and I try to go, it's Monday and they are closed! I am almost sorry that I went, because now I have another treat to crave! I tried alot of the flavors but I liked the coconut and white chocolate the best. This is a treat to eat in moderation as you do get filled pretty quickly. I was starving when I walked in since I had not had lunch and I ate half of a medium. To my surprise the rice pudding is actually good for you as it's gluten free and they make it with skim milk so its not nearly as sinful as ice cream (even though it tastes very sinful). They have alot of other treats other than the pudding. Ice cream, smoothies, floats and coffee! My friend's 3 year old daughter was not impressed with the pudding so the owner gave her some ice cream who said "it was the yummiest". If your looking for a new treat to crave, check this place out!
3	Ohoh..a parking place right up front! Closed? On a Saturday afternoon? Maybe they're out to lunch, maybe they don't open until 2. That would be a weird time to open but you never know....Closed for reorganization. Open Dec 1.I gave them a middle of the road rating because I'm sure they're good, just open damnit!
2	I hate having to write a poor review for this joint!  The owner is a really great guy and the service was excellent.  The place is decorated well and has a clean finished look. I really wanted to love the pudding but it really didn't work out for my wife and I. From first glance the pudding was all very soupy and while it tasted okay, was not anything to write home about. The shop is trying too hard to be an ice cream or gelato setup. I think all the flavors and mix-ins take away from their core business model. I think they should focus on making the rice pudding more solid and have a couple warm pudding options. I can envision a warm rice pudding with some nuts and raisins with some brown sugar or cinnamon on top.  Yum! Shoot for rich, creamy and full of flavor. My best wishes go out to them and hope that the masses will enjoy it more than we did.  They are good folks and deserve to be successful.
5	I really enjoyed the Miami Rice Pudding in Scottsdale. The people were really nice. Service was fast and friendly. The shop was clean and fresh. The owner let me sample several flavors.  I liked the pistacheo flavor!  I will stop by there, even go out of my way when in the area to visit again.
