5	Steve did an incredible job cleaning the carpet in my living room and master bedroom. I was so pleased with the results that I had him do the remaining two bedrooms and a rug in the family room.He is highly professional, honest and, more importantly, takes great pride in his work. I'm having him back to clean my tile shortly!
5	Recently I moved out of my place and my carpet was in pretty bad condition. I got my carpet cleaned and they did a really good job. I was scared because I thought my landlord was going to charge me for the damage I did to my carpets but I ended up getting my deposit back and was really stoked. Thank you guys so much!
5	Steve is awesome!!  There are so many "deals" out there on Groupon, Living Social, etc for carpet cleaning, but what they forget to mention is all the add-in's you need.  You think you are getting a good deal, but in the long run you aren't.  Steve is the best out there and you won't have to worry about him trying to sell you anything.  It's upfront, honest, reliable, on-time and does an outstanding job.  I have now used him 2 times and this time I had him clean my couches.  Everything just smells and looks amazing.  I highly recommend Carpet MD for your carpet needs!
5	Hands down the best carpet service I have used.  Steve was on time, did phenomenal job and gave great  pointers on keeping the carpet clean.  As long as I live in the Phx area, Carpet MD will be cleaning my carpets!  THANKS, STEVE!
5	This service was great!  I left a message and Steve called right back and made the appointment, he called a few days before to confirm and then again to let me know he was on the way.  He showed up right on time and did a great job.  My carpets look beautiful again and he explained everything before he started which I liked.  The price was exactly what he quoted (no tricky up-charges) and he even killed a scorpion that was on my carpet! Would definitely recommend Steve and Carpet MD!
5	Per my lease agreement on my rental home, I needed to have the carpets professionally cleaned before moving out. Desperate & running out of time with less than a week left I used my Yelp app to look for a local company with good reviews. Carpet MD had all 5 stars reviews and after using their services I agree they've earned every one and more! Steve was quick to return my call,  had my appointment set up within a few days, quoted me a reasonable rate and stuck to it! He called 10-15 minutes before his arrival in which I told him, "perfect I have time to hit the corner store for a soda" he said we are stopping by one on the way I'll get it for you!? Really, yes really and he did! *BONUS POINTS*  Steve and his coworker were quick to get to cleaning, setting up wall guards to protect the corners and moving at lightning speed! I was amazed, 4 bedrooms and the hall were done in less than 2 hours. Believe me they needed a thorough cleaning, they did that and more. All of the carpets came out cleaner than before I moved in. I'll definitely call them again! Good rates, professional, and they did an amazing job, this is one MD you'll want to make house calls!
