5	Local coffee, done right.  This is the sister shop to Cannon Coffee in Brookline.  Thick as thieves they are.  So much so that they share staff!  But they also boast the same high quality coffee beverages, inviting and warm atmosphere (a bit too warm at times this summer, before the HVAC was installed), and bohemian flare that separates Brew from the big chains.  Nathan, the man behind the Cannon, is the operator of this shop, which was built on a cooperative effort with the Pittsburgh Department of Urban Redevelopment.  And while Nathan doesn't own this site, he still gives his heart and soul to the shop, and the hope of using the shop as a way to stimulate the depressed Beechview business district.With a wide selection of flavored lattes, espresso drinks, chai teas, and some baked goods to boot, this little coffee house that could has surmounted the mountain of legal wranglings, funding issues, and political double speak, to become a bright spot in Beechview.Free wifi is a about the only think that Brew has in common with its Seattle-based corporate brethren.  During October, customers were greeted by a shrine to the recent and not-so-recently deceased, complete with prayer candles.  There is a tall wooden cabinet filled with mugs brought in by loyal customers, which is filling up fast.  Trivia night is a new addition, complete with BYOB shenanigans.  MC'd by Ben, it is easily one of the most well organized, fun, and challenging trivia nights I've taken part in, with gift cards going to the winners.Brew is out to not only be part of the community, but to make the community better.  Taking part in community events and leading in activism is second nature to the Brew Crew, and the love they have for their shop is obvious from the second you step through the door.
5	We need a local coffee shop like this one in my city.  I ordered a cold brewed iced coffee and it was the best I've ever had - it topped Blue Bottle's fancy shmancy coffee in San Francisco.  The large only cost $3.  I haven't paid such a low price for coffee in years!  The barista was very friendly and the  coffee shop had a very cozy and welcoming atmosphere.  I love the fact that they display works from local artists and it felt like a nice place to relax and catch up with friends etc.  This one is a hidden gem.  I will definitely go here again the next time I head to Pittsburgh.
4	Great atmosphere and really friendly staff. Brew on Broadway is a great place to read a book, catch up on a little work or just watch the T go by from Fallowfield Station just down the street. Not the very best coffee in town--21st Street will always hold the crown for me--but maybe one of the coziest shops.
4	I'll second Darren's minor gripe that tey don't seem to serve breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I was hungry when we came here and hoped for a sandwich at least. But no matter, this is a cute little place that's doing the hood some good. I liked my refreshing Iced Chai tea and the cozy atmosphere. Come here, read a book, hang out.
5	Great local business!
4	I'm kinda chiding myself for not stopping in earlier! Let's blame it on the ultra steep hill next to it. It just drags me down! But this place is a great pick-me-up!I love the fact that it's a non-profit, so the proceeds go back into the community of Beechview. Great idea, right? And just knowing that concept made me excited! But walking in it doesn't give you a vibe that it's not a fully functioning coffee shop. There's a full menu and even sweet treats!I was pleasantly surprised to see horchata on the menu. I was excited at the prospect of it being freshly made. Although it's not, I can vouch that it's still pretty good over ice. Add a shot of espresso for a dirty hor (shhh don't tell Mom!). I love the inviting environment like the chess game that was going on while I was there. Or the bring your own mug shelves. That's right... you can bring and leave your own mug to grab while you sit and relax. I love that personal touch!Since Sugar closed in Dormont, I was looking for a place to call my "home" coffee shop close to home. This could fill that void finally!
5	My favorite coffee shop. I used to drive to Southside to Beehive but this is so close to home and so cozy that I can't stay away. The staff is so friendly and personable that it makes it easy to try new things. Though, I always get myself a chai tea with almond milk or soy milk. They have so many options and everything is fresh. In fact, they often run out of things because they want everything fresh. Their baked goods are great too. The next best thing about this coffee shop is how it contributes to the neighborhood. I've grown up just around the block from the coffee shop and have seen the neighborhood through thick and thin. The care and volunteerism that goes behind the store truly is inspirational and makes me feel proud to be part of the neighborhood. It's much more than just a coffee shop. It's like Central Perk to the TV show Friends. I highly recommend giving Brew a try... And don't forget to tip your barista!
5	Love the coffee here! Everyone is always so nice. There's always something new to try. I would definitely try the green tea smoothie drink. So yum! It's great to support local business and local artists.
5	It's a local coffee shop that gives you a better quality brew than you'd find at Starbucks, but without sacrificing the variety.
3	Brew is a non-profit coffee shop. I love the Horchata . They have a loyalty program and lots of cool events. It's right on the T line, so you can get your brew in the morning, and in the evening. Support a local non profit that really is a non profit. Great little shop to build community in this fabulous little neighborhood.
