4	Of all of the Panda Express chains I have ever tried (from Kihei, Maui, to Las Vegas, NV and now here in the Phoenix area), this one tops them all.  Staff is always nice (which is an added bonus when you get that in any of these types of non tipping establishments) and the food is always good.  They seemed to have beefed up their beef in the their beef and broccoli (but that could just be a coincidence/luck of the draw, whatever...you know what i mean).  Did you ever notice it isn't actually called beef and broccoli, but rather broccoli beef?  haha.  Anyway, if you like Panda's, and you live in the Glendale/Peoria area, it is worth it to go to this one rather than one that may be closer to you.
4	I would like to review Panda in the way that I feel about thier food. Panda...............................................While it is convienent.........................There are several dishes to choose from...................................The service is good............................. The portions are adequite...................................But you are sooooo...............................BORING. I have never really been a fan but the oldest kids loves that stuff. It was her turn to pick the lunch and I had to go with it. There is nothing wrong but nothing great either.
3	Basic Chinese food, good enough for lunch.Always hot food.Good service.Clean dining room.Parking leaves a little bit to be desired.
5	Perfect! Staff was friendly and offered samples! Loved the new sesame honey chicken. This location has the soy sauce out for your convenience. Some can be stingy about that. Food was hot and fresh. Delicious dinner tonight!
5	This is by far the best panda I've ever been to they are always so nice and pleasant. I've never had a problem here and they give me bigger portions than the other ones I have gone too. I always mix up what I get from here. I really miss the sesame chicken they had. I hope they bring it back soonThe place is always clean and neat
5	One of the best panda's I've been too staff is very polite. The food taste a little better here for some reason they also always give me a little extra, maybe because I'm just bigger or the way I Lick my lips when I say black pepper chicken please..
1	I honestly don't even know how people say "best staff" this Panda is pathetic I've came here for the past years and lately wow has it been bad. I've seen a couple of new faces and I've seen this lady that works there but I've seen her at different places she's the worst out of them all. I came at 9:30 with 30 minutes left yeah it was kinda late but you can't pull that as a major excuse my parents own a restaurant and you don't see us doing this. I brought 6 people with me not including me and we all got the worst service with them they gave us the death look and they weren't even responding do us just speaking in there language. We see that everything is gone literally everything and they didn't even manage to say we'll make new stuff or anything we just started laughing and we just ended up eating the trash that they gave us. By far the worst panda experience. Sorry I've never gave a review like this but they deserve it.
