5	Lisa and the girls at Karves are wonderful. Staff is very friendly and inviting to everyone. The facility is always clean and I love the little boutique in front. The classes are for all levels as the workout can be modified. I would recommend to all my friends and family to join.
5	I absolutley LOVE Karve!  This workout has helped re-sculpt my body, lifting my seat, toning my legs, defiining my arms and has increased the core strength I needed to alleviate my back pain.  I have been consistently going for 3 months and continue to see changes as the classes are always different and the instructors continue to push you to your limits.  The staff is very friendly and welcoming.  I highly recommend Karve!
5	I have been wanting to try Karve and took the chance with a Groupon. I just attended my second class. This is a low impact but challenging workout. I have been a gym/weight person for too long! Karve classes keep you engaged. Everyone at Karve is so friendly. The instructors are helpful and encourage you to push yourself. Even as an uncoordinated beginner like myself they offer you modifications to help you feel comfortable. You leave feeling like you just got an awesome overall workout. Already developing a Karve krave I look forward to this addiction and seeing what it does for my body. And bonus for those with kids they have childcare with certain classes.
5	I have been an enthusiast and devotee of Karve Studio Gilbert since the studio opened for business in August 2012.  The studio is beautifully designed and clients are greeted & welcomed by the owner, Lisa Farrar or one of her efficient staff members.  The Karve barre fitness workout integrates yoga, Pilates & isometric theory & techniques. The classes are designed for all experience levels, body types and ages and the instructors clearly show their fitness knowledge and passion in their teaching.  The classes are energizing, invigorating and revitalizing.Karve Studio Gilbert and its superb workout classes have taken my body and mind to a new level. I am able to keep my fitness resolutions, achieve my fitness goals and see results after every class.  I am in love with the Karve practice and am a devoted "Karvette."
5	I'm pregnant and my cousin recommended Karve to me as a great workout,  they have a package for pregnant women which is really nice and it's a bit less expensive because you don't take the full class during pregnancy. All of the staff is so friendly, as well as the fellow Karve students : ) I workout moderately doing Zumba, etc. already and I love the Karve workout, I feel energized afterward and felt like I had accomplished something. I am quickly becoming a fan of Karve!!!
5	Great low impact workout. Don't think low impact means minimal results- in less than a month I have seen great results. Instructors are fantastic. First class is free so no reason not to come any try it. Highly recommend.
1	I love this work out! I attended a karve studio in scottsdale with friends as part of an excersise exploration class. I fell in love with this work out. I found out they had a studio in Gilbert not to far from my house. I was super excited to go sign up and since I love it so much I was going to buy a one month membership for each managment staff on my team. Money in hand I headed to the studio. I walked in and a few girls talking no one greeted me. I looked around at the items for sale and waited still no one even acknowledged I was standing there. I waited for the lady behind the desk to say something and they all acted like I was a ghost. No greeting nothing not even a half snile. I put my karve socks I was going to purchase back waited to make sure they saw me and then decided if no one could at least say hello I didn't want to spend my money there. Very, very disappointed!!! I'm not sure if its because they aren't use to african American women walking in their studio but I'm very disappointed. But I will try ballet fusion
5	I signed up for the free class which I enjoyed so much that I signed up for the unlimited class for new clients that same day. It was $100 for 1 month. After only a few classes, I noticed I sat up straighter at my desk at work and correcting my posture when I found myself slouching. After almost a month, I see definition in my arms, legs and abs. I feel stronger. The routine is different each class so you don't get bored. The instructors and staff are all very welcoming and friendly. oh and they offer babysitting too!
