1	Unprofessional, lack of communication, couldn't do anything right the first time, and just don't care.  After meeting Randy Appel, whom seemed like he knew what he was doing, we decided to give a deposit of five thousand dollars.  Work did not start until almost three weeks later-which put us back on our timeline.  After the concrete was poured, we were left with splashes of grey and residue on our walls that we were told "just washes off with water" and the plastic sticking out of the concrete.  Both of these were left to us to clean up and pull out on our own.  Then we had drywall put in.  What a nightmare!  In one day, we had more than five different guys show up, one seeming more clueless than the one before to pick up where the other left off.  It almost seemed like they were picking people up off the street-it is no exaggeration, there was really that big of a rotation. They "forgot" their circular saw, so did the holes for our can lighting by hand, and they made the holes larger than the metal housing for almost ALL of the ceiling lights and they did not put the walls butting up against the ceiling, nor against each board.  Many were crooked and needed to be taken down and put back up. Two areas of wall did not meet the edge of the counter, and a vent hole was off center from where it needed to be by almost five inches. One guy made us extremely uncomfortable by cussing and mumbling under his breath when he couldn't get the board in right.  Even when they came back 3 separate times, they still did not get it right.  We eventually counted 17 different areas where they needed to come back and fix areas, during their fourth try.   Then, shortly after the drywall was put in (and before we could change our mind about continuing services with them because we were pressed to move in and we had run so far behind schedule) we had them install a house full of tile.  We were asked by Randy Appel to lay out our tile the way we wanted the install to be put in, so we did.  I decided to come by unannounced, because at that point, I did not trust these people. I am glad I did, because the workers had done a fourth of the family room the WRONG way.  They argued with me about how the box was telling them the recommended way, and that the way I showed the owner was not on the box.  I am not sure why I had to argue with them, but when I asked them to put it in differently, and closer to the wall, they told me to go back to my rental and "have a cerveza".  I told the manager Matt, but he told me that maybe I "needed one."  I was very offended.  After they left more than a half an inch un-tiled against the wall, I told them that they needed to fill in the gaps because my floor board molding would not cover the gap.  I had to have them come back three times to repair areas where there was no grout, and places were tile needed to be repaired because they put in chipped tiles and left them, instead of picking from my extras for better pieces.  the fourth time they came back for that repair, we found twelve areas that needed repair.  They also did not seal the grout, which I have to do myself now.  This company NEVER apologized or made any attempt to make the customer happy.  They just kept sending the same inept people over and over again.  Matt the manager told me that he "didn't like to get his hands dirty" and maybe this is why we had to deal with unskilled workers.  We were originally scheduled to have this company redo our roof too, but we decided we had enough time to go with someone else, because we realized that they just don't care.  The company also has three different names:  Global Green (which is who charged us via our debit card), R & D Appel (which is on their receipts telling people who to make the checks out to- and the initials of the owners, one of whom is Randy Appel), and the Edge Remodeling (which we were told was being phased out, but is listed on the top of the same receipt as R & D Appel).  It seems a little strange to have three different names for their company.  They also have three different licenses:  ROC: 2082348Com, 237727Res, and 213782Res.  So there's your information, you decide whether its something you or your family want to go through when you use this contractor for your remodel.After reading the response of one of the owners (whom I have never met, and never spoke to) I have to say that he has not seen the finished product of the work that I described here-no manager has ever walked through after the last work was done, and I still have problems with the areas I listed.  I have pictures and emails to prove what I went through, and what I still have problems with. This company tried to refute my opinion online-without ever talking with me about those issues when I made every attempt to do so, previously to writing this review. Maybe if they had communicated with me about my concerns that I DID bring up to them, I wouldn't have left this review. What I wrote is true.
5	Last year we moved to a home that didn't have a pool.  I went out and received numerous pool estimates along with hardscape estimates.  Being that I never had a pool installed I was at a loss for what the pricing might look like.  I went to most of the big pool companies. (California Pools, Presidential Pools, Caribbean Pools)  To my surprise they were all so expensive and didn't have the time to really sit down with me and understand what I wanted.  We ended up going with The Edge Remodeling.  Randy came out, listened to what we wanted and had plans drawn up to share with us.  We made some modifications and then signed the final contract.  Construction began within a few days of us signing.  Randy took the lead from the beginning and kept me informed through every step of the process.  I received emails, text messages and personal visits almost daily to keep me informed of what was going on.  I work from home and I watched the pool construction on a daily basis.  The workers really knew what they were doing and took pride in their work.  Prior to the start of the project my yard was a disaster.  I'm so proud of what it looks like now.  We have many friends and have people over all the time.  It's so nice to hear them comment on how nice it looks.  It really makes us feel good and know that we made the right decision on selecting The Edge Remodeling for our pool construction and hardscape.  Construction was completed on schedule and now we are able to enjoy our new custom pool and yard.  I would definitely use The Edge Remodeling for future projects I may have.
1	This person sure isn't interested in new business and wasted my time. Initially he called and got all the details and gave me a rough price. He had me send pictures as well because he was to busy to come and do an evaluation himself. Said he would get a hold of me in a couple days. A week later I call in the morning and leave a message. Still no response. About 6:30pm I text and asked what the deal was. He said he just happened to be working on my estimate at that moment (amazing isn't it). I get the estimate - very generalized for $400 over the $1500 verbal initial one.He wasted in all 2 weeks of my time as I need this started next week. For being the "Senior Project Manager" it tells you a lot about this company! They aren't reliable and don't communicate! I don't care!!!!! I don't care if I am a little job!!!! The lack of communication should warn you they are bad business. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME HERE!
1	If anyone is thinking about using this company read Madison's review. She is spot on about this company, the people, the lack of professionalism, the lack of respect for their customers and the work they do.
