4	I've been coming to Dolphin Court for quite a while now.  The Salon is old and is in serious need of a makeover. When my hairstylist, Jeremy, left for another Salon, that left me only one reason to keep coming back to Dolphin Court - Suzanna. Suzanna has been waxing my eyebrows for forever. Waxing is a bit pricey here, but I would never go to anyone else! My eyebrows always look perfect and people always comment that I have nice eyebrows (I'm glad they notice!). She's very friendly and I appreciate her.Jenna at the front desk is always very perky and friendly and calls you by name when you arrive. Dolphin Court is very lucky to have her as their receptionist and I'm surprised another Salon has not yet snatched her away! LOL Overall my experience with Dolphin Court has been very good. It's just that I found another Salon that's closer to home that I like better...
4	Had a Swedish massage done today by Natalia. I have a very bad back but she took extra precaution to make sure I wasn't in any pain. So nice not to have a pushy masseuse. Really pleased with the massage and plan to have another
4	It's basically a building with a hair salon, nail salon, and spa in one. Big. Decor is pretty nice, nothing to complain about.  Waiting room in the back for spa services is cozy with a selection of tea, cookies, and candy. The strength it took me to not devour the entire plate...Honestly, I probably would never have step foot in this spa if it wasn't for livingsocial.com because of the prices. Hey, if I was filthy rich, I'd come here all the time, because the service is extraordinary! The front desk girl is a super friendly, super helpful supermodel (didn't catch her name). Natalia did my brow and underarm wax. My last brow wax (somewhere else) was botched, and she did her best to fix it. Plus, she's very talkative and makes you feel comfortable right away. Now...Donna. Wow! She's the most amazing nail tech I've ever had. Very sweet, gave me tips on how to fix my ingrown nail problem (was that TMI? my bad), and is just overall very helpful. I couldn't stop staring at my fingernails while she was working on my feet, which came out beautiful as well. I left Dolphin Court Salon & Day Spa with a great big smile on my face. My boyfriend even asked me if I was okay when I came home because I was so relaxed and giddy. Excellent service paired with pampering just puts me on cloud 9. I wouldn't mind coming here once in a while to indulge. Hey, you get what you pay for. If they weren't so pricey, this place would be a 10 star!
2	My hair cut and color was the most expensive of my life, and not even a little better than my usual! I'm pretty bummed to be honest. I asked for a cut and color and I left paying almost $300 w a tip! I believe the total was $252! This is insane for an average hair do!!!!!!!! I won't be going back. I feel like I wasted my money! I had no idea their pricing was so ridiculous. The valuable lesson is ask if each thing they do is separately charged and the prices on each. I believe the rinse (a box of dye) was $88, the toner $20, a few highlights $88! I had a hard time questioning the price when I was there because I didn't want to be rude and because I was in shock. The only thing I would (have) gone back for or would recommend is the cut. She, Zhenia, does a good job on the cut for a reasonable price! However, she is not exceptional enough to charge $200 for color!!!!!!!! This is just maddening! Infact, I think the orange highlights looks a little out of place on the top of my head! I called after to inform the business I was bummed. They offered no apologies or any refund etc. In my opinion this is bad business too. New clients should be told exactly what the prices are and how they will be charged. When there is a customer complaint it should be acknowledged in a better fashion as well. If I could afford $300 dollar hair appointments I would NOT be going to DOLPHIN COURT! I will not be going back! :(
5	Dolphin Court Salon & Day Spa has been in business for at least 14 years, so I am really surprised at such a few number of reviews (7 after I post this one).  The services they provide are:  hair salon, massage (2 rooms with 1 full time masseuse, and 2 part time ones), and 4 rooms for aestheticians.Dolphin Court Salon & Day Spa is located on W. Lake Mead (intersection with Buffalo) and is a large building behind Smashburger.  There are plenty of parking, so you can start to relax and get into a positive mood as soon as you exit the car for the salon treatment(s).I set up an appointment for a 55 minute massage, and was greeted by a friendly, tall, slender and extremely beautiful supermodel-looking lady that escorted me to the dimly lit tranquil waiting area. Three other women soon joined me in the waiting area, before each of us were soon greeted by our masseuse or aestheticians.It has been awhile since I have had a massage, and the masseuse could tell by "all my muscles were shouting at her".  She applied strong pressure during the massage, which was good, and what was needed to smooth out the knots in my muscles.  I left the treatment feeling a little sore but the muscles also felt not as tight.  So a good investment of an hour.Location: W. Lake Mead and Buffalo, so ideal for those on the SW.Parking:  5/5 Plentiful, although there are not many near trees which may provide shade from the sun.Massage Service:  5/5  Really good.Front desk:  5/5  Friendly, professional and gorgeous.
3	Ive passed Dolphin Court probably a thousand times in the last few years and never once came in.. That was until livingsocial offered me a great price on a facial. Likes: The place is huge and very nice on the inside. The receptionist was top notch and very pleasant. The Spa area was clean, quiet and serene, just what I personally love and seek out during my spa visits. My Aesthetician was WONDERFUL, she gave me spot on helpful advice regarding my skin and even recommended producs and facials that would work best for me. The best part of that is that she explained in depth why each product would work for me. It wasnt a blind pushy sale, which I always appreciate. Dislikes: As per spa etiquette I arrived early to check and be prepared for my facial and yet, my aesthetician started late. Which, late is always a bad thing but when she still finished my appointment at the expected time I felt slightly short changed. Also she talked the ENTIRE time during my facial. Thats personally a little pet peeve of mine because im there to relax, not necessarily chat but to each its own I guess. The price I paid for the facial was spot on for a cleansing/basic facial and was actually a little surprised that they charge more. There was not special products or techniques used, I was a little shocked only because a basic facial should cost less than a specialized facial but here that isn't the case. For these reasons I deducted a couple of points. Im not sure if I will return to this place, Im pretty satisfied with the spa I go to know and the prices are a little better.
5	Wow!  I cashed in on an 80-minute Swedish massage gift card that my son gave me for Christmas.  I have a regular massage therapist that I've used for years who makes house calls, so I'm always kind of wary when I go to spas and strange people, as in unknown to me and my special requests.  Having an old back injury makes me kind of needy because I have sensitive areas that massage therapists can aggravate with too much pressure.  Sue, my therapist du jour, listened to my requests to go easy on certain areas and concentrate on others.  The result was 80 minutes of total relaxation and therapeutic touch.  From the time that I made the appointment with the extremely professional receptionist, the reminder phone call the day before the appointment, to the time I arrived and was ushered into the waiting room pronto, the service at this spa was first-class.  If I didn't love my own massage therapist so much, I would return here again!
5	My hairstylist Penny has moved here and its a great place!  Very relaxing and welcoming every time I walk in.  The receptionist is very friendly and always smiling.  While waiting for my appointment they have a great seating area with a TV, water, and snacks.  Definitely one of the first salons I have been too that have this set up.Penny has her own room and this is the first time I have been in that situation.  I LOVE it and does she!  I feel like I can talk about anything and don't have to worry about what the customer next to me or whatever can hear.  Penny is always great to my hair and treats it so well.  She is easy to talk to and with my constant need for hair change, she is perfect.  I can go in hating my hair and she will change it to make it look better.  I definitely want to try some of the spa packages they have because I have enjoyed the experience so far.  Hopefully I will be able to update my review on some more information about the place.
5	I started going to Dolphin Court to get my hair done, a couple years ago after my former stylist of 10yrs retired, because my best friend had been going to Zhenia & really liked her. In addition to my best friend getting her hair color/cut done, she also sees Zhenia 3-4 times a month & on special occasions for a blowout. Zhenia is like a ninja with a blowdryer & a round brush! Anyway, the salon is a nice size, very open & the chairs at the sinks are (you won't believe this) very comfy, your neck isn't straining so it makes for quite a lovely wash. Last year, I saw 2 other people (in retrospect, a bad bad idea) to have my hair done. I won't go on a bash-fest about my experiences but I'll say I was happy to be back in Zhenia's chair! Also, in the last year, I've been exploring the world as a redhead, switching it up a little each time I see her. Every time, I've gotten compliments but, after this last time, I can't go anywhere without someone commenting on how much they like my tresses. The best compliment is when they genuinely ask me if it's natural. I'm not great at articulating my vision, when it comes to my hair, but I trust Zhenia to get the gist & do what she does. & I know that she'd gladly correct anything I didn't end up liking. Between Zhenia & Jenna (the class act receptionist/manager?), I wouldn't dream of going elsewhere.
3	Nice place comfortable, friendly employees, used a groupon great price  fir a55  minute  Swedish  Massage  and  Pedicure. Enjoyed our time there in Vegas as well.  My daughter and I bought the same package but once we left and talked about our experiences we both realized we both received totally different packages even tho we paid the same price  with a groupon. I don't think this should have happened at all. So I was a little bummed sounded like my daughter had the better experience. It was her birthday surprise so I'm glad for her. Probably won't return anytime soon for that reason. Good luck with your 60 min Swedish Massage and Pedicure.
5	I got a Groupon a couple months back for a massage here. They have a separate waiting area in the spa and it is such a calm atmosphere. My therapist was very professional and didn't talk a lot; which I appreciate. I loved it so much that my boyfriend & I are both planning on going back. I highly recommend.
3	I feel a little bad about my first review... in hindsight. I have yet to find anyone in Vegas who has done a better job than the stylist Zhenia at the Dolphin Day Spa. However, I still have a hard time paying so much money when I have had my hair done by amazing stylists for so much less moola for forever. Thus, I opt to continue to get my hair did in MN and CA with my peeps as often as I can.I re-rated this place because on occasion, I have wished I didn't review it so negatively and could (as needed) stop in and blow my money to get a cute hair cut and some color. Since, these thoughts exist... I have determined my original review shouldn't have been such a neggy nelly fest. I still couldn't go above 3 stars based solely on principle. They are too expensive in my opinion. However, if I were only rating the cut and color I would give 4 stars. I guess the old saying is true... "You have to pay to be beautiful". ;-)
1	Never again. I got a gift certificate for my birthday and instead of getting a big spa package for myself, I decided to get pedicures for myself, my daughter and my mother in law as well as a wax service. The wax lady was great as well as the receptionist, very nice. I was excited to get my pedicure because I figured if the spa area is so nice the pedicures have to be awesome... not so much. After walking through the hair salon area to the mani/pedi area, it truly looks like an afterthought. The room is poorly decorated and kind of unsightly. The pedi spa chairs are absolutely from the 80's and the chair remotes look like an electrocution waiting to happen. We booked 3 therapeutic pedicures, but the only put us down for regular, the technician didn't even know what a therapeutic pedicure was. When I was getting my pedicure I literally had to tell the technician the steps because she went straight from wiping off my legs to painting my toes, no foot scrubbing. I mentioned that this was the first pedicure I had ever had where I didn't get my feet scrubbed. I think I pissed the girl off because she got pretty aggressive with this cuticle clippers. Needless to say at the end of this experience they offered me the remaining balance as a Dolphin Court gift card... BAH are you f'n kidding me??? I will never be back! They should've offered me a refund or a free massage or something else. It was my birthday gift and my mother in laws birthday gift and it was a waste of time and money.
5	I've been to this salon twice now for both a massage and a facial. Both times have been awesome experiences and next time I am in town I will pay them another visit if I can. Although it is a little far from the strip, you can't beat it for the value and quality of the experience. I meant to write them a positive review a little bit earlier, but better late than never! The esthetician is very knowledgeable and rather than just providing a facial that your think sounds good because it's part of a special, she really looks at what your skin needs and provides a great service. I received compliments for days afterwards saying that my skin was glowing. Kudos to her for providing such great service. I've also gotten a massage by two different masseuses (I apologize that I didn't write down their names; one lady had shorter blond hair and the other had red hair and tattoos). Both were amazing! I'm a curvy girl, so I am always very self-conscious about getting massages since there is really only a sheet for modesty/coverage. However, both ladies made me feel completely relaxed and comfortable and I was able to just enjoy the massage. I walked away feeling completely stress free. Also love the aromatherapy. Love, love, love this salon.
5	Absolutely LOVE Dolphin Court, I have no reason to give them less than a 5 star rating!!!  JENNA at the front desk is always so kind and courteous,  my first impression was when I called and spoke with her and was immediately impressed:) RAISA does my eyebrow shaping and is so incredibly talented I literally get compliments daily about them.  She is not only extremely talented but always friendly- I am SOOOOO happy to have found her!  I often bring my preschool daughter with me and everyone I encounter is always accommodating and polite.  I will continue to go to Dolphin Court for as long as we live in Las Vegas
5	My boyfriend got me a spa package here for Christmas. The services he picked were the Swedish massage, facial, and manicure/pedicure. I in turn got him a massage and head & neck massage package (he gets bad migraines) for his birthday. The woman at the front desk who helped me had to be the nicest person I have ever met! She helped me put together the perfect package for my guy, and was equally pleasant and helpful when we were scheduling. Also, this was the first spa trip for either of us, and the entire staff helped us along and made us very comfortable. Swedish Massage -  This was great! I carry all my stress in my back, and my masseuse did a great job of working each knot until it was gone. Facial - I wasn't sure what to expect, but my face was so smooth and clean after. I loved it! Manicure/Pedicure - Unfortunately, the manicurist who I was scheduled with had a family emergency, so I did not receive this service. However, the front desk was quick to resolve this by offering to reschedule the service or give me a refund on the service. I  opted for the refund and ended up purchasing some products recommended for my face. A wonderful experience, and lacked the pretentious nature of some other spas I have heard about.
2	I went in for a pedicure, thinking I would have a more luxurious experience than I normally do at a nail salon. It wasn't a horrible experience, Crystal was very nice and did a good (but not great) job. What has me at less than 5 stars is the fact that the place is immaculately styled and kept EXCEPT the area for nails. They clearly treat this service as an afterthought. They desperately need to update their chairs for pedicure services, a picture from a year ago showing a broken remote is still accurate(!!) and neither chair seems to work for anything but making bubbles... Also, I really thought they would have what was needed to take care of my feet based on the description of pedi services. I was a little disappointed with the results but I can cut some slack considering I know my feet were in poor shape coming in. Sorry to say I won't be back.
5	Review from 5/6/2011:I've been to this salon a few times in the past for random appointments, like the occasional blowout, and never thought it was anything spectacular. I received a Spafinder certificate for my birthday, and chose Dolphin Court , once again. I scheduled an appointment for a mani & pedi, with Donna, without knowing what I was getting into. You see (in this town especially) I highly dislike getting a beauty service without a trusted friend's recommendation. Since I didn't really have a choice, I was very apprehensive upon arriving for my appointment. I was pleasantly surprised with Donna!!!! She has been in her profession for 20 plus years, and it truly shows. She is the kindest, gentlest and one of the most thorough manicurists I have ever met. She was aggressive on my cuticles, an amazing foot masseuse, but still fast and efficient, all coupled with a quick wit and sweet personality. I may not be a huge fan of Dolphin Court Spa & Salon, but because of Donna and her outstanding service, I will GLADLY return to her for each and every nail service I need! And the prices were awesome: Manicure and a Green Tea Pedicure for $50! (FYI the pedicure is a May special for $30) What a treat, thank you Donna!!  :-D
