2	Okay, the waitress was friendly, that's really the only positive aspect of my experience here.  The cheese fries that I ordered where like festival fries or fries at an amusement park.  The cheese on the fries was pretty good, but there was bacon on top of them that I had to eat around (not specified in the menu).  There is one pretty sweet flat screen tv to watch football on, but the crowd is pretty boring.  I wouldn't dare sit on the lounge couches by the pool table or shine a blacklight on them.  I was excited to see that they had Red Oak beer on tap, but it was warm.  No thanks to Fifty 1.
5	Perfect place to watch the game.  Staff is great, atmosphere is great, food is outstanding, and they have a million and one huge flat screens to watch sports.  They will always find your game no matter how strange your request is.  I once asked to put on a Duke lacrosse game and it wasn't a problem.  The food is the best bar food in town: wings, fried pickles, chicken Philly sandwich, and sliders all are favs on mine.  Great drink special every night too.  I am a regular here and can't say enough good things about this place!
1	Bad food and even worse service. Do not waste your time or money. I ordered the Cuban sandwich and it tasted like it just came from the microwave.
3	I don't think this place is as bad as everyone says. It's a decent spot to catch a game, get some cheap drinks....and I mean cheap! Often they have $1/$1.50 beer specials plus they have reliable, standard bar food. Who doesn't love some greasy bad for you bar food every now and then? Their chicken fingers are bomb and the cheese fries come with some Cheese Whiz like sauce, which I love. Yes, the crowd gets a little questionable as the night goes on but I was usually out the door by 11P just when the crowd was transitioning over. If I was alone, I would ask one of the bouncers to walk me to my car or watch me so I made it there safely. Lots of space to sit, big patio area on the side, pool tables and conveniently located next to a Chuck E Cheese, what more could one ask for?
3	I went here to grab some quick grub with some friends after a long day at the pool.  This place is very casual so any attire will do.I ordered the fish and chips (fried tilapia).  After sitting there for 15 minutes the waitress let me know that my order would be another 20 minutes or so because the fish was frozen and wanted to know if I wanted to wait on it...wth?  Why didnt you tell me that 15 minutes ago?  I sucked it up and changed my order to the pork BBQ with collard greens and hash brown casserole.  The food that I received was actually pretty good and very affordable.  The collards were a tad bit salty but the hash brown casserole was delicious.  They also brought out some corn bread that is definitely worth mentioning.  I almost gave them 2 stars based on the tilapia fiasco but decided on 3 based on the other eats that we had there.
4	I was already a couple beers in and just stopped by for some half price wings, so I don't know if I can give a proper review, but will try.This place obviously used to be a midtown sundries, it still felt like it.  There were good beer specials and half priced wings, what else do you need?  Nothing special but a great change of pace to that mostly over-priced side of town.
3	I'm giving this 3 stars for all the TVs.  Great place to watch a game cause they are tv's everywhere and its not crowded.    I went this weekend for game day and ordered some wings.  I expressed that I like mine XXX-crispy.  When they arrived they were not crispy so they didn't mind sending them back for me.  When they arrived they were black but somehow still not crispy, the skin was actually really soft.  Go figure?  They have live music on Fridays but they never update their website to show who is playing.  If your not gonna update your website, then why bother having one?
4	Not sure why all the bad reviews on this place...I think it's great.  Definitely awesome place to watch a game and the bands on Friday night are always entertaining...can't beat the cheap drinks and nice wait staff!  I always order the chef salad, really yummy!
4	Drunk chick numero uno to the acoustic duo playing: "Do you know any Dave?". Of course they know some Dave! Now dance all slutty to it with your friend! Hahaha, lets be honest it's a bar near Pineville It's rivals are the Rose and Tavern 51. Now, ill be honest, i have been drunk here many a time(its soooo close to home). The beers used to be $1 (Pbr and highlife) but when Carmellas closed they upped them to $1.50 which is still cheap to me.  It is what it is. The service is consistently good the crowd is...well, interesting. Drunk chicks/cougars/bro's abound and old dudes might try to sell you blow but all in all its harmless and entertaining.The cheese fries are damn good, make that great for soaking up alcohol and are very tasty too. On Tuesdays they have half price wings, which is a really sweet deal. There are a few different flavors to chose from and they serve them grilled or crispy. I definitely recommend the Thai ones. All around, its a decent place to grab some bar food/cheap beers in the area.
3	Its a cool spot to go.. Nothing outstanding... only been here ONCE since it changed from Midtown Sundries.I'll go again and may update it (my review) if something "Review Worthy" happends.
4	On Wednesday's they now offer 1/2 price apps from 7-10pm. This includes wings and cheese fries! Trivia guy on Wed is a nice and  sometimes necessary relief from the "can be way to loud" band guys that are usually there on Tues.
5	This is a great place. Everyone is really nice and have become good friends with a lot of the staff. The food is also above "bar" standards for sure. Great drink specials every night and I have the biggest crush on Leanna (waitress/bartender). Some of the greatest times of my life here. Give it a chance
2	So I decided to give this place another shot Super Bowl sunday.  Had a couple of beers and the chips/queso.  Well, it was some white cheese with tons of garlic.  No tomato's or anything else.   They apparently do have live music now on Fri and Sat but of course their website is never updated to show who the entertainment is.  Okay place for a beer/sports close to home, but I'd say just eat before you go.
4	Cheap beer, free pool, good food & service. That about sums up this local S. Charlotte tavern, plus it's located next to Chuck-e-Cheese, which has nothing to do with this review. Looking to play some poker...here you'll find a video poker machine...talk to the bartender about details. Menu is full of bar food, but they are know for their wings...fried, grilled, smoked (yes, they have a smoker) or any combination with about 10 different ways to cook them...yep...awesome! Large patio for outdoor dining (and smoking for you smokers). Great place to watch the game and they do karaoke ladies & gents...scream away.
2	I am the Trivia Queen of the Universe -- went to trivia there last night and it was a definite "Meh" -- only a few people were into it -- the bartender was playing with his friends ... the questions were way toooooo specific and the music blaring between questions was crap I didn't even recognize -- I'll skip this one and head over to the sister bar Touchstone Yellow Rose
5	Closed! :( Same ownership at Yellowrose or Ellwoods!
1	Closed for business
