5	I found the best permanent makeup artist Las Vegas has to offer. Her work (portfolio) speaks for itself. I know several people who have gotten permanent eyebrows by Theresa before I decided to. All good things were said and the eyebrows looked great. I have had all my work done by her (lips, eyeliner and eyebrows). It is unbelievable how natural it looks. I have been a client now for a little while, sent many clients her way too. Her artistic ability and unique methods make permanent makeup not look like the regular permanent makeup (tattoo looking). I highly recommend T.
4	Still a great place but really booked.  It is hard to get in last minute.  I suggest booking well in advance.
5	Natural permanent makeup eyebrows was what I ordered. I was served that and more. Theresa over delivered. I talked to many permanent makeup places and did several consultation appointments. it was my plastic surgeon who recommended Theresa and I finally went to her after many disappointing  consultations.Words can not express my satisfaction. My permanent makeup is beautiful.
5	Theresa did a fantastic job on my eyebrows, the color she custom blended is perfect and they look very natural. I have fair skin and super blonde hair (if I don't pencil in my eyebrows they are invisible) and I have wanted to get permanent eyebrows for as long as I can remember but I was always afraid they wouldn't look right. I am SO glad I found Theresa! She takes her time drawing the shape that you want as well as making professional suggestions. Theresa included the first visit as well as 3 touch up appointments to make sure I was totally happy with the result. It is so great being able to wake up in the morning and have the perfect eyebrows! I highly recommend Theresa!!
5	I wanted the best permanent makeup artist in Las Vegas for the most natural lasting results.  I looked high and low for the right person.  Theresa is very detailed about the process and aftecare. There were no surprises.  Her pictures were precisely what I had in mind for myself.  There was no pain. No major bruising or swelling. The healing took a few days. The digital machines she used are impressive.  Theresa states that they are more accurate,  gentle and make a more blended makeup look. I will take her word for that because my makeup is just perfect. I had to come back for 2 more sessions and I was done. It was a very simple process. Theresa made sure I stayed on schedule and followed my home care.  I've hade my eyeliner, full lips and eyebrows done. I love it all. On a cautionary note, make sure you make your appointments and schedule in advance.  This woman is booked a month in advance sometimes. I highly recomend that you show for your appointments.
5	Theresa Garcia is definitely the best permanent make up artist in Vegas! I am very happy with the work from her salon and her and her employees and their professionalism. I recommend all of my friends to her that want permanent makeup! I've seen her good work on so many people which helped  me decide to go to her!  I am definitely a loyal customer to her! :-)
5	Couldn't find better service.  Theresa is such a perfectionist but of course with her crazy booked schedule she can't accommodate all. I hate how booked in advance she is but there is NO ONE else in Las Vegas I would trust my face to.She did all mu permanent makeup and she is a stickier to her schedule but I get it. The best is aleays busy. If they aren't,  well look for someone else. Theresa is funny, intellectual and teamed up with my plastic surgeon.  I cannot think of a better option. I still hate the booking system but so what.
5	Absolutely LOVE that I can wake up in the morning and be out-the-door beautiful in minutes, all thanks to Theresa!!! She is hands down the best permanent makeup artist in the Las Vegas valley and beyond. Believe me I know, as I researched for many hours and consulted with several other purported "professionals" before finally (thankfully) choosing Theresa Garcia. During my initial consultation appointment (which was free) Theresa spent nearly an hour explaining the permanent makeup process, her carefully crafted, precision method (which she has honed over many, many years), the Made in USA water-based inks she uses (as opposed to cheaper/imported inks, which contain metals and can be damaging/unsightly), her professional artist background, and how she utilizes color theory to match one's own, unique coloring with the proper pigments required in order to bring about the desired finished effect. Theresa explained how important it is to also take into account one's own skin coloring, that rose pigment on a light-skinned person will look completely different on a darker skinned person. Also "warm" complexions and "cool" complexions must be accounted for when mixing inks. (Theresa, by the way, is one of the few artists who mixes her own inks; most others use inks straight from the tube. A definite no-no she says.) Theresa is the original inventor of the "3d eyebrow," which is the most natural-looking--NOT the hideous tattooed eyebrows of the past. Theresa's technique uses very soft, powder finish blending, with a few individual hair strokes for the most natural look--a look that only Theresa offers. My own brows are naturally full, so I was unsure whether I would benefit from enhancement. But after seeing Theresa's portfolio of work, I knew I was definitely "in"!!  Now that she has completed my brows, I don't know how I ever lived without them! It's true what they say, that your eyebrows frame your face, and even though I wasn't lacking hair volume, it was Theresa's expertly applied shaping and finishing that completed my amazing new look. All very natural, not harsh or overdone. But the difference is undeniable, very classy and polished (Thank You, Theresa!!).Besides the amazing brow work, I had upper eyeliner and lower lash "enhancement," which is a very thin "smudging" of color inside the lower lash line, so it doesn't look harsh or overdone. My lips, too, were perfectly enhanced, and Theresa spent a great deal of time perfecting the actual agreed-upon "shape" before beginning her work. (Theresa always draws on, or lets you draw on, and approve, any shape before actually beginning her work...this is after all your face, and she wants to be sure it's done right, exactly the way YOU want it.) Theresa does a "natural-blended lip line," NOT yesterday's too-harsh line that you sometimes still see people wearing. She also offers a "full, blended lip" which means the color is carried over the full lip for a very natural finished look. (Great for women in their 50's--like me--who have lost some lip color and definition over the years.)Theresa is well-known and highly regarded for the natural look she is famous for achieving. Theresa's clients are always beautifully enhanced, but NEVER garish, harsh, or crazy-looking.Theresa uses only the highest, medical-grade numbing cream, and gives it plenty of time to work before ever touching your face. This eliminates nearly 100% of any pain one might associate with permanent makeup application--if you have your work done by Theresa. Should you find yourself in another permanent makeup artist's chair, beware!!! Many are not authorized to use this medical grade numbing cream, and indeed I have heard plenty of horror stories of other Vegas tattoo artists using little or no numbing cream at all!! This is unacceptable in this day and age, and I would think twice before choosing an artist without the qualifications or concern for your comfort.Under Theresa's expert hand, your healing time is just 2-3 days, and there is never any scabbing or injury to your face. Theresa uses a fresh needle for each client and procedure, so there is ZERO worry of infection or contamination. Her prices are reasonable and her work is AWESOME!! (HELPFUL TIP: Ask about the 3 procedure discount--lips, eyes and brows all done at once--saves you a bundle!)
5	I had some thyroid issues and lost my once full eyebrows.  That coupled with really bad wax jobs caused a permanent lopsided look to my face.  I went to see if I was a good candidate for eyebrow permanent make up application.  As I waited I heard a conversation between Teresa and another customer.  She was honest and telling her that what she desired as far as design for her eyebrows would not look right with her face.  I immediately knew I was in the right place.  Teresa is blunt and honest and as harsh as that may seem while she works on you it's your face and I came to appreciate it.   My brows look Amazing now!  Between brows and having my eyelashes done I do next to nothing to get ready in the morning.  I get married this weekend and I know my brows will look perfect!  Thank you Teresa for your honesty and honing your craft!
