4	I recently had my patio chairs re-done (new slings/ fabric) by them.  We ran into a few problems in the beginning. I can now say that they have been very helpful with fixing everything.  We are satisfied with the hard work they put in. We would use them again.
1	Run, don't walk, as fast as you can away from this business!!! My husband and I recently purchased a patio set from Patio Star and the minute we walked out and they had our credit card information, our experience went from decent to exceptionally poor. Essentially we had to call 8, yes 8 times to confirm our set was even coming, during which time we experienced hostile, unfriendly, and unprofessional service people. When the set was finally delivered, we learned the cushions were still not finished as initially promised, and again we had to place several calls to locate and ensure delivery of the correct cushions 2 weeks later. The young delivery boys mentioned we were receiving the floor model (which we never agreed to), and this too was yet another unexpected problem to be worked out. This business is ridiculously unorganized, unprofessional, borderline unethical, and should be ashamed of the way their customers are treated. Please inform family and friends to stay away, as we have and continue to do.
3	Saw their ad in local paper and decided to stop by.  They have some nice patio furniture, but reviews suggest they deliver their floor models which I noticed had paint touch ups etc.  Overall their prices seemed high but I must admit they had one model I did like, but hesitant in buying from them based on reviews.
1	I wouldn't recommend this business to anyone. They assured us that the cushions we ordered would match the sample we gave them. When we went to pick up the cushions, they were wrong. They told us someone would call about them after the weekend. No call. I called them and they said the salesman was off and he would call upon his return. Again no call. When I called again, I had to leave a message and still no response. 1 month went by and they called to say cushions were ready. When we went to pick them up, they were wrong again. the cushions we had were contoured on the ends and what they made was square and didn't fit properly. they had added pipeing which we specifically stated we didn't want, but the cushions were the same squares that they tried to pass off the first time. then they proceeded to tell us that they couldn't make contoured cushions because they only had square pieces of foam. I would've taken my business elsewhere from the start had they been honest about their limitations. The man we dealt with was not willing to make the cushions we ordered, only to offer a discount for the ones that were wrong.  I trusted that they were not leading me on about the quality of their work. So now, 2 months later, we don't have the one good cushion that we gave them to use as a sample or the cushions we ordered. I will never patronize this business again and I will tell everyone I know to avoid them as well. If the man who seems to run the place is an example of the type of associates Patio Star employs then I would say, don't patronize any of their stores!!
2	I recently had some patio furniture repaired at this company and I was taken aback by the poor customer service and rudeness I encountered. There was not one hello, please or thank you uttered to me and I was the only customer in the store. The only reason they are receiving a second star from me is because the quality of work was descent and they did what they said they were going to do in the amount of time they said it would happen. Unfortunately, I will look elsewhere the next time I'm in the market for patio furniture.
1	Don't believe their ads. They claim to be having an end of summer sale but when I asked which pieces were on the 30% to 60% off sale I was told that they are on sale all year round at 30 to 60% off.  Classic bait and switch tactics.  Highly discourage anyone from going here if you are looking for the deals they claim to be giving in their ads.
