3	Proper Scottish pub food.  Cheap, fast and easy.  The name still cracks me up.  Don't miss The Bad Ass pub down the street!
3	The name might put off some, or intrigue others, but Dirty Dick's is worth checking out just for the interior which must be a nightmare to clean (with all sorts of bits & bobs nailed to the wall and hanging from the roof) but creates quite an intimate atmosphere that is further perpetuated by the very friendly staff.The menu is small but has plenty of choice and even has a vegetarian section which was a big hit with the missus!  The food is pretty good although I am a big fan of a good prawn salad and the one I had here was good, but not the best, but the rest of my orders were well put together.
4	What's in a name? That which we call Dirty Dick'sby any other name would be as AWESOME!My best friend/Edinburgh transplant had to drag me past Dirty Dick's on the way to another pub - Dirty Dick's is not where you start, but where the night takes you!The bartender was a total cutie and her drinks were very strong, as they should be.  The space is fairly small, but very popular, so at times it seemed a little tight.  Not a huge deal considering that everyone is so friendly in Edinburgh!4 stars for being the memorable backdrop to a great night out with fun new friends.
5	Small. Friendly. Humourously named. Cold beers. Alright food. These are the corner stones of Dirty Dicks reputation, and it does its best to uphold them. I think I would have missed this place had I not been dragged in by a friend, but once I was in I certainly didnt want to lave - the atmosphere was great and the drinks were cheap. Overall, I had a great night and ended up spending the entire night here.Needless to say, I dont remember if Dirty Dicks had any bad points, so lets just assume it didnt - because I had a great time.
3	At the other end of a Bad ass is a Dirty Dick. I had to get that in.A cosy interior and standard drinks ensure Dirty Dicks is a good pub to slap on the pub crawl list.  The interior is pretty unique too with an assortment of antique furniture and unusual hanging ornaments.Worth a visit.
4	After years of living in Edinburgh, I only actually entered the portals of Dirty Dick's for the first time last year, due to the fact some friends were doing a huge bar crawl round the city. I think this in part explains why I don't tend to venture to Rose Street pub establishments very often, because they are always full of pub crawlers, and as much as the novelty of listening to some unique drinking chants, seeing some dubious fancy dress and watching guys heckling and trying to prove their manliness has some amusement factor, it quickly wears off in my not very patient experience.However, Dirty Dick's is somewhere you do need to see. From the outside, it looks like any other traditional pub lining Rose Street, but I really wasn't expecting the crazy interior. It's kind of like this cavern of eccentricity, with its collection of random items hanging from every available shelf and surface area available. The place is literally packed to the rafters with instruments, household items, brushes, mirrors, frames, which gives it a lot of old school character. It's really quite small though, so if the thought of being cramped in somewhere sends you into a cold sweat, then you might be best to give the outdoor seating a shot.
4	Last time I was in Edinburgh, my class had an all-out sing-off with some elderly Scottish blokes at Dirty Dicks. We cleared out the bar, but we sure had fun. I'm back in Scotland, and back to Dirty Dicks. Luckily, it hasn't changed - still tiny, still crammed full of odd paraphernalia (the back room has dozens of golf club ends hanging from the ceiling), still serving cold beer, still a good respite from the rest of the Rose St bars.One minor annoyance - once we went well before midnight and were told that the bar was closing in ten minutes, although we had an hour to sit and sip before the entire shop closed down, so orders in now please - and fifteen minutes after the bar closed, we're asked to leave. I understand if the bar staff thinks its best to cut their losses and close up early if it's not quite busy enough, but if that's a possibility, don't tell the clientele that they have a good hour to sit around and then renege on that promise. Other than that little incident, Dirty Dicks and I are cool.Haven't tried much of the food, but I have to say - the beef chili nachos are the bomb! Delicious flavors, hot hot grease and piled high enough to feed two hungry people. Far superior to the Mexican place just down the street, and certainly the best nachos I've had in Edinburgh.
5	This is one of my favorite "destination" pubs in Edinburgh.Great place for beer and whiskey, dont miss their choice of whiskies in the bar(look up).I have never been eaten at the place, but the food look great.Decor is perfect aswell
3	I visited Edinburgh on my honeymoon in September. We stopped in to Dirty Dick's for a pint while we waited for Miro's down the street to open. We couldn't ever get on UK time, so our meal times were waaaay off. Anyway, Dirty Dick's was fairly empty at around 4:30 p.m. when we stopped in. It's very dark inside with lots of things to look at on the walls and ceiling. The bartender was polite and quickly served us our McEwan's. We're not malt drinkers, but Dirty Dick's has a HUGE selection.We enjoyed sitting outside on the tiny patio because the weather was nice and it was a great vantage point for people watching. My favorite site was a girl wearing pants made out of a corduroy fabric that sported teddy bears all over it. Brave fashion statement!
3	Funny bar with lots of stuff attached to wall and sealing. A good bar to stop and have a drink/beer and a snack. Missing the wifi though.
4	Great draft beer and the haggis burger is absolutely delicious. I still have dreams about that burger.... The rest of the food was pretty standard.The bartender was a bit of a dick but maybe it was because it was the weekend that the Fringe started and tourists were everywhere. I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.I wasn't a huge fan of the decor - every square inch of wall and ceiling was covered in  odd, miscellaneous crap. Then again it was mostly older Scottish gentlemen inside (and I was recommended to the place by one too), so maybe that's the crowd they're appealing to.So in sum, eat outside in the patio area and enjoy the cold Scottish weather, get a haggis burger, and drink the local beer.
3	Dirty. Plenty to look at....
4	What a great pub. It reminds me of a pub you might find in JRR Tolkiens fantasy world. I was half expecting to meet some Hobbits or Dwarves or something just because it has this old world vibe to it and its dark inside but with a warm atmosphere, a pub you can just go and escape for a while , have a pint or two, then go your marry way. I have been in quite a few times and the staff are always friendly and up for a chat. Great beer as well and reasonably priced. Love the stuff all over the walls and ceilings. Have not tried the food yet but I am sure its tasty. If you have some time to kill and your thirsty I recommend going here.
4	Out for the day in Edinburgh, having walked the city until our feet hurt, we decided to stop in here for a drink and some nibbles. What an amazing little pub! Warm and cozy with about a million trinkets glued to the ceiling, it would take a few trips back to take it all in. We ordered onion rings and cheesy garlic bread. I have yet to find an establishment in Scotland who make their onion rings with whole onion pieces rather than minced onion, but these were quite tasty. The cheesy garlic bread was delicious and came with a nice mixed green salad. All in all our time at Dirty Dick's was great and will be a must next time we're in town!
4	This is an average pub, but we had such a fun time.  I went to the bar and this guy appeared and started helping me, apparently he was a customer and friend of the tender, so it was hilarious with him making up all these opinions on whiskey (which i was ordering) and how much it cost (from free to $12). I was also there in great company, so that probably helped, but then it always does neh?
4	Well this is a surprise, with a name that sound's as if it has come out of a carry on film even the inside looks as it is a film set.this bar may have been established in the 1850's and been a locals bar but those days are well gone, with it being geared up to the tourist market now than your local pub.A large selection of blended whisky's & single malts available here but may not be noticeable as they are on the ceiling in the bar, you just got to look up.A basic menu on offer with limited choice but adequate  enough, l tried the haggis rolls with hoisin sauce, a different twist to the spring roll, I sure enjoyed them. For my main course I ordered the chicken with haggis, with whisky sauce, for me the dish was nice enough but could have done with another two minutes in the microwave, the sauce just tasted of cream and nothing else.Service was good considering that the place was busy with drinkers and only one member of bar staff left to cope, definitely a bar in Edinburgh that you need to put on your place's to visit.
