3	3.5 stars.  Located in the heart of the "waterfront" district in Scottsdale (yeah it's just a canal, and you can't see it from Sauce or most of the district in the first place, but it's the desert ok?), the unchain chain (it's a Fox Restaurant Concepts venue) does a nice job of good food at reasonable price and with pretty good speed.  Service is still a bit in training mode - but it did just recently open.With a simple wall menu and pricing scheme, there is a large selection of thin crust pizzas - the kind you truly get in central and northern Italy.  While the cheese pizza I had was excellent, there were some nice mildly exotic offerings as well.The beef lasagna was, for the price of $9, also a very very good choice.  While there was nothing wrong with the salad ordered (sorry - I think is was their Chicken and ? salad)  the order taker didn't know what type of lettuce (mixed) and it was way to light on dressing.  Good - but I wouldn't drive there for it.Italian beer (Moretti's - yum) was nice.  The wine by the glass was not  special.  Chintzy retro-ish juice glasses were used, the Pinot Noir (only 1 selection per category) was ok.  But to get a 2nd glass I also had to go back up to the counter.  Even though it's a counter order system where they then deliver the food to your number & table, it still seems they should go the extra step for additional orders of food and drink.  Soda was one of those all you can drink fountains.But for a bill of $45 with tip for 3,in the heart of Scottsdale, it's definitely  a place I'll stop in again if it's "quick, casual, simple and tasty" that I'm looking for.Cheers
5	Stopped into Sauce for lunch yesterday and was delighted by the bustling little place. The menu offers a nice, but not large, selection of interesting pizzas and salads, plus a trio of lasagna offerings. We opted for a potato rosemary pizza, mozzarella and tomato salad and a chicken walnut salad. All were truly yummy ~ the pizza being my absolute favorite. I was surprised that the tomato mozzarella was lettuce salad. The pizza is served on a light crust, so not overly filling. Mom and I also indulged in a good glass of pino grigio. Total tab: $30.The one hiccup in the place was service-oriented. This was the day after Christmas, so the place was packed. We ordered our food and drinks, but were told there weren't any seats available inside, and that our wine was not allowed on the outside patio. I asked the guy taking our order what he suggested we do, and he said we should not get the wine. Now, this was a mother-daughter shopping day, and we were going to have a glass of wine ~ we were actually thinking about going somewhere else when a manager-looking type said he had found a two-top for us. It was a cramped table, but we appreciated his service, and would only suggest finding a better solution than "don't get the wine" for future lunch and dinner goers.
3	I am usually not a fan of thin crust pizzas, but this place actually manages to make them taste good.  The dining environment is casual, and service was average but speedy.... it is basically an upscale fast food joint.   Not for every occasion, but all-in-all a nice place to grab a quick bite.Added bonus, they serve wine and euro-style fizzy drinks (in orange and lemon flavors).
4	My only disappointment w/ Sauce was that while the food was good - it wasn't as great as the menu's hyped it to be.  Why would I mention that first?  Because after reading the menu online I was WAY into the place (expectations up), then I read the reviews (expectations slightly down, but still high), I then heard rave reviews from a friend (shooting expectations up) so I suppose I was expecting something above and beyond what I got.  Mind you - it was still pretty good.  I'm actually looking forward to making the trip again.My sandwich was good - though I hardly tasted any pesto and my cheese was not melted (On a pannini - it should be melted) - but not amazing.  The pizzas looked great and I'm anxious to try one.  Soup and salad was good, but quite simple - nothing outstanding once again.  That said, great location, good parking.  We were one of only 2 other tables at 11:30 but by 12:30 when we left the place was packed so my advice is to go early or late if you want a really good experience.  Though it's been stated that it's a "order at the counter" kind of place, folks regularly came around to pick up extra plates and provide drink refills which was a nice unexpected touch.It's a nice option for lunch - but it's also in an area of many Good, Nice, Great and even Amazing lunch spots.  So while there are "better" spots to go in the area, this isn't ever going to be a bad choice - especially during non-peak hours.
4	Sauce is just my pace. It's a relaxed atmosphere where you order the food from a counter and it is brought to your table when it is ready. They offer pizza, tasty salads, panini's, and pastas. I have only tried the pizza and salads, but I have been very happy with both. They also have a huge selection of wines to choose from.The pizzas do somewhat remind me of Italian pizza, just a crisper crust. They have some very unique pizza flavors at Sauce. Last time I ate there we tried the  Rosemary potato, spinach, feta, and olive pizza. I was a bit hesitant about the potatoes, but it turned out to be really good. I have to admit Sauce was a bit over hyped, but still the food is good and I really like the relaxed atmosphere!
4	Food is fantastic... salads are amazing... pizza is tasty. Selection of wine is decent enough and not terribly overpriced. The seating is very cafeteria like - similar to Pei wei or Chipotle - you place your order and take your number and drinks to your seat... someone brings you your food and they clear your table of empty plates. The food has been very reliable and I love to eat here. I'm not a fan of the seating and atmosphere though - the menu should drop a buck or two here and there to reflect the ambiance. The place usually has a good amount of people in it and depending on the time of day, someone's brought their noisy kids in there. It's not as bad as peter piper pizza, but I think the rich parents shopping at fashion square or waterfront consider it as such when their kids start crying for pizza. It's also a hot spot apparently for teenage high school girls... much like Ra Sushi. If the food wasn't as good as it is, I'd never go there again.
5	Sauce is my kind of place.  Great, inexpensive food, casual yet trendy atmosphere, perfect location.  Located right by Urban Outfitters and Olive and Ivy at the Scottsdale Waterfront, I like Sauce as a pre or post shopping bonanza meal.  I always have the same thing: the mozzarella and tomato salad (which you should know is mostly greens with chucks of each, drizzled in balsamic), and the artichoke and portabella pizza.  This is a huge meal so I always have leftovers which make for the perfect 2am after-bar treat.  If youre feeling particularly saucey, you can have yourself a glass of wine as well.
4	I stopped in Sauce today for lunch to take a break from shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square...it was a great choice.  Sauce is a good place if you want lunch while you are out shopping, but don't want typical mall food court options.  It's similar to a place like Pei Wei, where you place your order at the counter and your food is brought to you at a table.  I ordered the grilled cheese panini (mozzarella, fontina and cheddar), a slice of cheesecake, and a glass of Riesling.  My total was $15 for those three items, so not too bad at all.  The sandwich was delicious...the cheeses were melted together perfectly and they all complimented each other very well.  The cheesecake was nothing spectacular...not bad, but not amazing.  My friend's salad looked delicious, so much so that a woman came over and asked her about it.  My only two negatives about Sauce are:*the wine list was a bit lacking for a place that says it's a pizza and wine place...I think there was only like six choices or so for wine.*you can't take your wine outside, according to the guys behind the counter. So if you want to eat outside, don't order any wine.  We saw people outside drinking beer, so I'm not sure what the complete story is.
3	Mmm...it was just ok.  It's a great alternative to the mall food court and good if you don't have time for a full fledged restaurant.  They only have one Pinot Grigio and it's a pretty crappy one.  I like that they chopped up the chicken in my salad (I hate when you get huge strips of chicken) and the salad was large but it didn't blow me away.  I would probably stop back in when shopping in the area because of how easy it was. Convenience is all it really has going for it...the food is just ok.
4	I genuinely like this place for a few reasons, and I keep coming back despite some small shortcomings, so it must be pretty good.My good friend and I love to go here for our catch-up sessions over some lunch.  Its great because its easy, quick, something different than the norm.  Anyone I know I can take here for lunch or dinner run, and they'll probably find something they like or want to try.The menu is pretty simple: pizzas, paninis, pastas and salads, and all are pretty good.  I will say, however, that sometimes they sound better than they actually are.  Some of the salads can be pretty bland, but the pizza and paninis are pretty good, just not fantastic.  All in all, the food selections are great; can't really say there is a bad choice in the bunch.  One thing I can say, I have a tendency to get the same thing often, and every so often a salad or panini will be notably less-than-stellar.  Despite the risk of get a bit of bad luck when ordering, on average, the food is very good.  The service is great considering it looks like a simple order and sit-down kind of place, where there are small extras that they provide, like people coming around and asking if they can fill your drink, or offering to clear your table, etc.  As well, the location is great (especially if you get lucky enough to catch a parking space in front of the restaurant, and the convenience is fantastic.
2	For a good cause.. that's what I kept telling myself when we pulled up to Sauce at the canal (Waterfront, puhlease!). Me and the Mr headed over to Sauce after our reservation for Digestif fell through (thanks guys!). We were very animate about supporting the Dining for Life cause so this was the next best thing.. well, maybe those are a poor choice of words. The thing is we didn't want to drive all the way to downtown Phoenix.. so since there were only a handful of places.. Anyway, I have never been a fan of Fox concepts.. mediocre food set into sort of cool spaces. Sauce is no different.. sort of cool industrial interior, down beat music and wine only 5 bucks a glass. The concept is great its just that the food is terrible on all levels. From the salad with next to no toppings.. to the shitty Totino's style pizza (yep, ate that shit when I was a kid) to the horrible pannini. Seriously.. the food is so simple you think it would be great.. its just doesn't work.. I think the ingredients are to scant and the quality is so so. I gave one star for the lasagna which didn't suck as bad as I thought and the staff.. the staff is very friendly and attentive. Now if the food was better, well, I think we'd have a winner.
3	Sauce is a solid restaurant. I met up some family there for dinner and it was relatively quick, decently priced for fancy wood-fired thin-crust pizzas ($10 or so for a 12" pizza). We ordered the Rosemary Potato and Olive Pizza which was unique and quite good, along with a side of Mac and Cheese which was not so good - I expected a little more flavor or pop in it. Our table also ordered a italian sausage combo pizza which was good, and a corn chopped salad which was quite tasty. Beer selection was limited to about 6 choices.Comparatively, I'd rather go to a CPK. But this is also a solid choice. I'd come back to it again probably.
4	I have been meaning to try sauce for awhile... Well I finally made it!  I did not try their pizza, I had the Prosciutto, Salami, Turkey, Red Onion, Tomato salad instead which was yummy.  It was the perfect amount of food, but if i was really hungry I don't think I would have left satisfied.  My lunch mate had one of their panini's which was all the ingredients of my salad minus the lettuce.  He seemed to really enjoy that too.  I would surely come back and try other things on the menu, their pizzas looked really good too.
3	Good enough for us to go back when we're feeling lazy but not good enough to rave about it.It's fast, convenient and decent.And impossible to take a piss in. Seriously. 1 stall for like, 40-70 customers. I swear every time I need to take a leak or wash my hands, someone's in there--writing a novel on the crapper or something . . .
2	I used to really like their turkey panini for some reason. Simple. Perfect. Right amount of turkey and cheese and pesto aioli, at the right temperature with the right crunchiness. But now it's served cold on a ciabatta bun, and it tastes like every other boring, overpriced cold turkey sandwich with too much turkey and bland, dry bread. Meh.
4	I like this place.  When I visit my pizza loving friend in Scottsdale - we head to Sauce - a super casual place in the midst of great shopping.This is a "no frills, order at the counter, they deliver the goods to your table" type of place. The few times i've been there, the service was great for what I expect from such establishments. The atmosphere has an airy feel with a nod to some mod decor.I usually share a salad (which comes with bread) and the prosciutto and melon pizza. It's delicious!!! ( I love prosciutto and melon - but on pizza!? ...YUM!!) I Also enjoy the tried and true classics they offer in their pizza selection menu.
4	A great place to grab a tasty bite if you aren't feeling the food court at Fashion Square.Delish plates! My personal favorite is the Chicken & Broccoli pasta. Simply divine.  They also have a small wine & beer selection in case you're looking to have a drink.Love it!
4	While most people probably visit Sauce for one of the delicious thin crust pizzas or well-portioned flavorful salads, I go out of my way to visit for the mac n cheese!!! No joke, this stuff is amazing! Creamy, cheesy and perfectly complimented with the side of bread that comes along. Give it a try and I'm sure you won't be disappointed!!!
3	Screw the soggy ass pizza... it's all about the spinach and pancetta salad. This little salad earned 3 stars all by it's lonesome.Really though... if you are going to be a pizza joint and serve thin crust pizza... learn how to make it a crispy crust. I should be able to pick up my slice and not have it point south thankyouverymuch!
4	Went here with a friend who had been raving about their 'gourmet' pizza for months. She only knew of the one in Mesa but I stumbled upon this one while out for a ride on my bike, motor-less. Decided to take her there for a couple reasons a) cuz she's pretty cool and b) cuz if I don't like it I can totally rip on her and her tastes.But dang! I really loved this place! So what if I'm in search of the best pizza in a city new to me? This pizza was so good I couldn't even bother comparing it to my fave 'back home.' We split a chicken caesar salad. The dressing was tasty and I really enjoyed the pulled-style all white chicken. Then onto the pepperoni and mushroom pizza. I loved how thin and crispy it was, the pepperoni was of really exceptional quality but it literally comes down to the sauce. Yeah, it's not just a catchy name for the joint; it makes the pizza!My only complaint would be the selection of beer. Wine is becoming more and more accessible and I can totally get on board with the idea of wine and pizza or wine and just about anything else, but sometimes I want a beer. They have maybe 6 brands of beer and some are totally appropriate, such as Peroni. I just would like to have seen a bigger selection.And I think someone else has mentioned the fact that the restroom is very small; true. It wasn't crowded when we were there so I think I'd be pissed if I'd been drinking and it was crowded and I did need to go. Other than that, I really dig this place and can totally see myself going back for a casual dinner or even making the little trek for lunch.
5	Sauce is a great gourmet pizza chain. I've eaten at the one at Glendale and 7th Street in Phoenix many times on several trips to the Valley, but stopped at the Waterfront location after some last minute Christmas shopping at Fashion Square (btw, Waterfront is really nice, first time I had been to it). It's very casual; you order at the counter after deciding from a menu on the wall. They have salads, sandwiches, thin crust pizzas, and pastas. I had the chicken pesto, tomato, and aged parmesan pizza. Their pizzas are very simple, with only a few ingredients, but there's a great variety of pizzas. After you order at the counter, they give you a number to put on your table and deliver your food when it is ready. The pizza I ordered was excellent. It had a simple taste to it, but it tasted really good. The only complaint I had about it was there could've been more pesto sauce. Overall, if you're looking for a quick convenient place to eat that has great food, head to Sauce. According to the website, there are 5 Valley locations, 3 Tucson area locations, and one Denver location. Now all they need is a Cleveland area location.
4	If you have time to wait in the long line and cash to pay for the moderately overpriced food, this isn't too bad.   Since I was feeling diet-y and would rather spend money on my new christmas-cash clothes, I just got a panini sandwich and water for 11$.  Pretty good, shared my sista's salad, slightly better than what you can get for 6$ at another small Italian owned place.  Great sidewalk viewing for all the Cindy McCains walking down the sidescape.
3	Walk-up counter, friendly staff w/ suggestions ready.  I came in stil unsure as to where I was going to have dinner- Olive & Ivy or Sauce?  One manager already had me pegged for a Spinach, Pancetta, and Goat cheese salad.  He was right, since it was pretty much the only salad I'd choose, mostly bec. many of the other choices contained allergens.  Meatballs were calling my name as well, so I chose to order the salad ($6.50), plus chicken ($2), and a side of one meatball ($1).  Paid and took my tag number to a booth.  Salad, w/c glistened beautifully dressed w/ a balsamic vinaigrette, came topped w/ what looked like a teaspoon of lightly toasted pancetta and a tablespoon of crumbled goat cheese.  Chicken was missing, but was quickly brought to the table- about a quarter-cup, shredded, served cold in a dipping bowl.  In another dipping bowl sat my one lone meatball and a little dollop of red sauce.  I savored this little morsel w/ the dinner roll that came w/ the salad.  (The meal would have been perfect had the dinner roll been toasted crusty and warm!)Aside from the counter and barstool dining area, the rest of the restaurant made me feel like I was eating at a cafeteria, w/c didn't lend any pizazz to my dining experience.  However, this speedbump won't keep me from returning to try other dishes (and more of those luscious meatballs!).
4	I was a little reluctant to eat here given how the "thin crust pizza" was touted.  But the ingredients seemed quality, and the salads and other dishes people in there were eating (sparse at 2pm on a Sunday) looked good, so I gave it a shot.And I'm so glad I did!  To picky pizza people out there --thin crust here does NOT mean cracker crust.  (I hate cracker crust!)  This pizza has a woodfire quality edge with a middle-of-pie limpness of New York style pizza.  Pretty near perfection, in my book.  I had a pretty basic margharita pizza or something --perfect size for one (hungry) person.  We had fountain drinks but you can get beer or wine, by the bottle or glass.  Very casual interior, with some limited (but nice in the experience of a Chicago girl in the winter) outdoor seating.Definitely recommend, especially if you are weary of cracker crust pizza like me!
4	I like this place.  Food is pretty darn good, it's simple & reasonably priced :)
3	This place is really nothing special. If you want some decent 'fancy' pizza and an ok salad then this is an ok place. The service is friendly, the food arrives quick, and the quality and value is also ok. Since I am tyring to watch my waistline, I did not have the pizza. Instead I opted for the roast beef sandwich. The salad menu had a lot to be desired. The sandwich was ok at best even without the top layer of bread I stripped off to save the carbs. If I had $10 roast beef at my house I could have made it myself. My date had a salad that looked ok, but was also nothing special. The other person in my party had a Caesar salad that actually looked good and the lasagna which looked good as well. However, after looking at everyone's reaction to their meals, I could tell that if we closed our eyes we could just as well been in almost any restaurant in almost any strip mall in Tempe and not known the difference.This is a typical chain that serves ok food. One main difference between this chain and others is that this one seems to be a bit more trendy than the rest. I'm talking about Fox Concepts. I'm just not hip enough to be drawn to their use of single nouns for restaurant names like, "Sauce", "North", "Wildflower", and "Blanco".This was a return trip to Sauce for all 3 of us and will probably not be our last. Although I am not a fan, the other 2 people in my party are. When I return I may give one of their salads another chance or just say what the heck and get a pizza because it is by far the best thing on the menu.
1	I like to describe this place as the italian version of Pei Wei, only not as tasty. I have been 3 times now and never have I been like "I'm glad I ate that". I heard from a ton of ppl that their mac and cheese was so good, well despite that it was cold and the noodles were undercooked, slightly crunchy, when I got it, it might have been decent bc the cheese sauce was flavorful. I first went here with my old roommate when we had an intense craving for spaghetti with meatballs. you would think a place called Sauce would serve that, but nope. The pizza was so-so but not worth the price. and forget about that lame little roll they give you. Ya, I'd rather not. Hop over to olive and ivy next door and spend a few extra bucks on their pizza which is by far better.
3	The cafeteria setting was always a turn off for me but finally gave in to giving it a shot.  Salad was soso-think some of the tomatoes were bad.  But I thought the pizza and pasta were pretty good.  I would definetly go there next time a pasta craving comes around..but maybe will get it to go to avoid sitting in the uncomfortable chairs.
4	I just got back from Sauce a little while ago.  I decided I wanted to go there for my birthday dinner because it looked nice and and I saw that it was kid friendly.  So I got my housemates together (which included a nine month old boy) and we headed out.We got there, walked in, perused the menu and ordered.  I got a chicken, pesto, and parmesan pizza.  One of my mates had the ham and pineapple and the other a mushroom creation.  Both of them said their pizzas were very good.  I had a similar opinion however I would have prefered chicken chunks rather than shredded the way they had it.  I had a nice Shiraz with my pizza which was a good decision.I liked the location and the modern cafe ambience was very cool too.  The staff was friendly, hip, and pretty (there was a blonde hostess there that kinda got to me in a good way) .  The patrons ran the spectrum as far as what you'd expect in the heart of Scottsdale's "urban" core (I must admit I think I fell in love 3-5 times).  After we (barely) finished eating meals our little guy decided he'd had enough and made it clear.  We exploited the ideal location and went for a little walk around Old Town which was a nice way to end the outing.(+)FoodLocationStaffAtmosphere(-)Shredded Chicken
3	Good salad.  Fast.
4	I'm not going to lie, I have been here about 6 more times since my last review and it is really starting to grow on me.  The place is always clean, the prices are very reasonable, and the staff is always helpful, friendly and pretty speedy.  Also, aside from the prosciutto and melon pizza; they are all very good.
4	I wandered in here as a rush effort for some calories before my friends and I were headed to Fashion Square... its quick and relatively cheap.. Im not much for counter service places.. here you order at the counter and they table serve you from there.. AND I freak out over pasta..but they have a good selection of salads... so we were okay..and I dont have to be the high maintenance girl amongst my other girls! BUT... maybe Olive & Ivy down the street would have been a better choice.. not for anything other than my own personal taste!
4	It's been a lil bit since I've made a stop into Sauce- but had to write up a review bc I've never been disappointed with their service or their food- I'm a fan of the Fox restaurant's and this on in particular is a fave. My fave pizza is the Rosemary Potato (spinach, feta and Olive tapenade) as for the salad the Chicken, pine nuts & gorgonzola is a winner.. seriously very tasty. They really have a lil bit of everything when it comes to pasta dishes as well and the location is convenient if you're walking around waterfront.
4	LOVE their pasta shells, broccoli, & chicken dish (made for 2!) & various thin crusts. Service is as good as it gets for upscale fast food. Pricey, however portions are filling
5	The pizza at Sauce is the best!  I've had pizza in Italy (Rome, Tuscany, Umbria, etc) and love it there; I'm always disappointed by the pizza here in the US, and have only found a few places in the entire country that do what I consider to be a good crust; 'Sauce' manage to get it right! (the other fabulous place in the US is 'Pizza Antica' in Lafayette, CA).  I don't understand another reviewer complaining about the amount of meat in the pizza; pizza is not about piles of meat, it is about a combination of ingredients - a perfect balance. The pastas and salads are also absolutely spot-on - every salad and pasta I've had has tasted fresh and has good ingredients. My only complaint about Sauce is that you can't sit outside and drink beer!  On a warm summer's evening, you must sit inside (in the over-cooled air) rather than sit at a table outside.  I know this is due to some local city rule, but still - has prevented me from going there more than once.  The pricing and service are also extremely good.
4	If you are looking for Pizza Hut style pizza, this is not the place for you. This pizza will not be loaded with toppings, soaked by grease, or doughy. Instead, it is a lovely thin crust pizza, fired to perfection in the wood-burning oven. It is topped with a variety of toppings..shrooms, pepperoni, melon, Caesar salad...you get the drift. The Caesar pizza is delicious and perfect on a hot summer day. Just filling enough, but not to the point where you'll need to roll out of there. Also great is the Artichoke and Portobello mushroom pizza. The pizza is perfectly covered with juuuust enough cheese. The mushrooms and artichokes are perfectly placed. I think the pizza sauce is key. Hence the name I'm sure. :) Not too salty or acidic, but full of tomato flavor. No chunks, and nothing to get stuck in your teeth. Definitely consider starting off with a salad, which is the perfect size for sharing. Salad to share, two sodas, and a pizza - 20 bucks.
4	I've been to Sauce at least 50 times since I moved here over 3 years ago. I've tried the pizza, sandwiches, and salads, but most of the time I order a salad. My old favorite was the salami/prosciutto salad but it's no longer on the menu (though they will still make it for you if you ask). Lately I've been getting the chopped turkey and feta salad. If you are really hungry, order the mac and cheese - it's very creamy and cheesy. I always liked the decor in the restaurant, the brick and orange walls and pictures of Italy. Very affordable, most items are under $10. Just a side note - it seems like it's generally occupied by women so I don't know if your guy will like it that much (mine doesn't).  A good place to go to lunch with your girl friends after shopping!
3	Sauce has grown on me... particularly this location since this is the one I frequently end up at for a quick lunch or casual dinner spot near home.I typically order chopped salads at lunch.  The chopped turkey & feta salad is what I had today.  I had them add asparagus, which was a great call if I may say so myself!  The large salad and fresh roll is the perfect lunch... fresh, filling, healthy enough, and pretty inexpensive when it comes to designer salads around town.  I also like the spinach, pancetta & goat cheese and the veggie & aged parmesan salads.  My husband eats at Sauce often as well... he goes for a salad or sandwich.  Last time we were there together, he had the salami, turkey, prosciutto & mozzarella panini.  I had a bite and was pleasantly surprised! It had a nice balance of thin sliced meat, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and tangy red wine vinegar in between two perfectly grilled pieces of bread.  The thin crust pizzas are pretty decent also.  Depending on your appetite, sharing a pizza and a salad with your companion can work out to be a satisfactory meal... What I like about Sauce the most? Fast, friendly, and efficient service in a clean and casual environment.  The moderate pricing is also a big plus in my book... especially in this economy.
5	Pump the breaks. I was in the mood to see pasta shells the size of my ears, and sauce gave me what I wanted! I have been to sauce several times and loved each and every time! I don't go often since I can't seem to stay away from that dang macaroni and cheese (really shells and cheese). So I go when I'm truly wanting to splurge. It is amazing! the sauce is so cheesy and melty. It's like a cheesy melty goodness! The pizza is always amazing and well made. And the salad is shut your mouth good! You can't beat this place for some quick bistro Italian food. And if you feel like loving your inner fat kid, go pick up the tiramasu. Fan-freakin-tastic! But here is truly the best part...It is in a great part of town, the restaurant is always super clean, the staff is friendly and welcoming, and they have pasta shells the size of your ears! I don't know if you can tell or not, but I love this place. It is always a fun spot to go for lunch when you feel like being bad.
3	I can't believe I'm just reviewing Sauce right now considering I've probably been there about 250 times since I started working in the Old Town Scottsdale area.  There's nothing really...bad about this place.  It may be construed as slightly overpriced given the fact that it's primarily used as a lunch spot but the quality of the food is good.Two recommendations:1.  Broccoli Chicken Cheese pasta if you are able to take a post-lunch nap.2.  Roast beef panini if you aren't.The pizza is definitely decent as well, service is prompt and fast especially given the fact that it seems like the entire city of Scottsdale descends upon the place like vultures between 12 and 1p.Bottom line - between Culinary Dropouts, Olive and Ivy, and the greasy mall food (with the new exception of Pita Jungle!), there aren't a ton of options and Sauce may just be your best bet.
1	Cockroaches crawling up the inside window. Staff did little to acknowledge this until I screamed in front of everyone inside during lunch. Manager said it was a water bug. Ya right, honey. Thanks for the expired appetizer card. I wasn't going to use it anyhow.
5	Service is always friendly, concerned and quick. Not a single bad thing to say about this place. Food is always fresh, made to order and delicious. Perfect lunch place, even during the lunch rush service is still great.
4	The overall experience is great. Must say I was pleasantly surprised. Much better then I anticiated. Since liked a chicks place to eat. I went with my wife and I must admit I really liked it. I got a spinach apple salad thingy and it was amazing. Great size portion and actually tasted like a good, healthy salad. The pizza is good and the mac and chheese is great. Overall ambience is nice and was a good place to relax woth freinds or family and enjoy good food. I think it is reasonably priced ( about  $7.50 a person) considering you get great quality food.  Definitely will be back!
3	mom and i met up for a shopping adventure, but before we shopped we needed to eat. woman cannot live on great deals alone! so we headed into sauce, right after the lunch rush. service was efficient and friendly. our table was dirty so we cleaned it ourselves. our food was delivered without plates or silverware. both of our chopped salads were pretty-on-the-plate and filling. i'm always amazed by how filling a sauce salad can be. a clean table and silverware/plates we didn't have to chase down would have earned this sauce 4 stars.
4	I first discovered Sauce back in my Wildcat days (bear down!) and I've been hooked ever since. I love Sauce because if I want to get in and out in a timely manner but leave with quality food, I know just where to go. Whether I'm in the mood for a salad, a panini, a half salad and panini combo or the ever-addicting pizza, I've got my choice at Sauce. Some of my favorites are the Tomato & Mozzarella salad, the rosemary potato with spinach, feta & olive tapenade and the turkey panini with pesto aioli.  Sauce does an awesome job with their specials too! I received a free salad during the Sun's playoffs, a free dessert and the best summer deal is wine, salad and pizza for $20. So in summary, I know i can count on Sauce if I need to get some food on-the-go or if I want to stay and hang out for a bit. Next time I visit, I'm going to try the chicken pine nut salad and the veggie salad with turkey. I saw avocados on the veggie salad and I've been drooling for them ever since!
5	A great place for midday healthy food, thin crust good pizza ( try wild mushroom & arugula), salads are great too & the best part that serve pretty acceptable nice wines. It is not an average American food eatery, it is definitely for those who are looking for healthy low calorie lunch.
3	Salad was 3.5, pizza at 2.5.  We had the 20 dollar pizza/salad special.  I thought the price was very reasonable. We had the caprese salad and the sausage pepperoni pizza. the salad was good, albeit a very different take than how capresse is usually served.  However, it was good. The pizza was disappointing. It was greasy, and just not particularly great.  I would rather eat at Zpizza than here.The restaurant concept is nice, the service was good, and the ambiance was adequate. However, I don't think I would go back to eat pizza.
4	This place rocks!  I have been to several locations and the food is nothing short of great.  It looks like food from a high end restaurant but the price is very lunch worthy.
3	We were looking for a fun and inexpensive place to eat on the waterfront in Scottsdale and this is the one that made the cut.I had never heard of Sauce before but we liked the idea of pizza/pasta and wine. We gave it a shot for lunch and were not disappointed. Sauce is very much like a Chipotle atmosphere, you walk in pick your item off a menu posted on the wall, order and then sit down the best part was the customer service!You are normally expected to get up and get your food when its ready (in a low key environment like this) but they brought it to our table. We also received bread which was unexpected. The attention to detail that the team gave to us was very unexpected but much appreciated, even during their busy lunch hour.The food options were creative, it gave you the opportunity to try something new. We tried the Rosemary Potato Spinach, Feta & Olive Tapenade Pizza and were not disappointed. We also got the Vegetable Salad with  (Carrot, Asparagus, Cucumber, Corn, Tomato, Parmesan & Avocado). It was a very generous portion, fresh and very good. We had planned to split it and it was just perfect to do so, it was definitely not a pathetic looking mini salad that you often find at a quick restaurant atmosphere.We definitely enjoyed our time there and for a quick inexpensive bit to eat it hit the spot!
3	I've been here a few times with family, and we always get the Mozzarella & Fontina Cheese & Basil Pizza to split (It's basically a margherita pizza, but it's pretty tasty).  The pizza is really yummy, but it's not the best pizza I've ever had.  This place is really good for pizza if your in the area, but I don't drink wine...so I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but It's great after a long day at Fashion Square.
4	I eat at Sauce about once a week, it is convenient, consistent and generally very yummy.  The staff is always courteous, the food always comes out in a timely manner, although I will note, when dinning with a group some times food comes to the table over the course of 5 to 10 minutes.  I have also noticed that things aren't always "hot" when they get to you.  Other than those minor issues, Sauce is the perfect place for a quick lunch with colleagues or after an afternoon of power shopping. I recommend their Veggie Salad with the gorgonzola dressing (it doesn't come with the salad so you have to ask  for it by name!).
3	Go to Trader Joes, buy their fresh pizza dough, grab some of their pizza "Sauce" and select some toppings. Then, create and bake the pizza at home. Your end product will be worthy of 5 stars in addition to being cheaper and tastier than the pizza at Sauce. This place is just mediocre. I've eaten homemade pizzas, frozen pizzas and food court pizzas that have tasted better. Leave it to the cunning Mr. Fox to create a seen and be seen, trendy, fast food pizza joint in disguise located in Scottsdale. Go figure. I'm not saying Sauce is awful but it's definitely not a place that I want to go back to. The pizza (actually just the food in general) was disappointing. Especially the pizza, as the crust was more like a crispy, greasy cracker sprinkled with parmesan cheese. There are two reasons why I gave Sauce three stars instead of two. Number one is because I really liked their Sangria. For $5 I got a huge glass that was very delicious and strong. Number 2 is that I really like the concept. Fast, cheap pizzas and salads are all great things! However, these things are not great when they just taste OK. The food at Sauce needs some improvement. To sum it up - I don't recommend Sauce as there are much better chain type places near the "waterfront" in Scottsdale... but if you must go here it isn't horrible, it's just alright.
4	What a fabulous place to meet friends for lunch after a few hours of holiday shopping!!! Right across the street from Fashion Square, this place is in a prime location for shoppers to rest their weary feet and escape from the frantic craze that is Christmastime at the mall. All of their food is delicious, but my personal favorite combo is the Chicken, pine nut, tomato & Gorgonzola salad with the wild mushroom and truffled arugula pizza (split between friends). The pizzas are mostly all under $10 a piece, and if you're not starving and don't want to share, you can get one of their many pasta sides and leave it at that. I like to enjoy a glass of wine with my lunch, and they have plenty to choose from. In the summertime, they even have a $20 special that gets you a pizza, salad, and two glasses of wine. That's $10 bucks each for you and a friend! The only reason this place gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because the interior decor is seriously lacking (reminds me of a nice cafeteria), and you aren't able to take your wine to any of the outside tables because their patio is not closed off to the sidewalk. Overall, though, this place rocks!
4	Perfect place for a casual lunch or a quick dinner after a day of shopping. It's nothing special, but it's comfortable, tasty and affordable. Uncomplicated, high quality pizza and salads...plus the lasagna is pretty good too.
3	we ended up at Sauce before the oregon pep rally for the national championship game, mainly because we were already in the area and it wasn't too busy.  it's one of those places where you order from the counter, find a seat, and they bring the food out to you when it's ready.  the pizza is thin crust, which i like, but it really have much flavor, which was disappointing.  the atmosphere left something to be desired as well.  i didn't love it, i didn't hate it, it was ok.  i would go back again out of convenience, but it wouldn't be a destination spot for me.
4	I had lunch with a friend and fellow Yelper and was pleasantly surprised.  Having driven past and seen only the "Pizza Wine" description, I thought this was a fancy Italian restaurant, as most are.I found the menu to be quite compelling: a wonderful mix of unusual ingredients, freshly made.  And the style of service reminds me just a bit of Chipotle (one of my favorite fast food restaurants).  Meaning, the food is fresh, good, and reasonably priced.  And the restaurant is clean and modern without being fancy.I am unable to give five stars only because I have only been here once.  (I haven't tested the consistency of the restaurant yet.)  There is much more that I want to taste, so I will definitely be back!
4	I'm still a fan of Sauce and I'm not lowering any stars, but I will say that the changes they have made to the Caprese Salad are not so much to my liking. It used to be my favorite salad and I would crave it. However, I've now had the new version of the Caprese Salad and it's just not like it was. The mozzarella overtakes the salad and the croutons (while tasty) are too fatty for the salad. Mozzarella is definitely the most overpowering ingredient and there aren't a ton of tomatoes. It's still tastes ok, but it's not the same. So, I will continue to hope they bring the old one back!
3	I have eaten at Sauce on many occasions.  I typically get the pizza or will go with a salad.  I ordered a grilled sandwich the last time, and it took over 20 minutes to get to my table.  The person I was eating with was already done when it got to my table.  The food is good, but I just stay away from the sandwiches now and stick to the pizza. It only gets 3 stars though, because the pizzas are kinda small for the price.  I would rather go to grimaldis if I want a pizza.
4	I am very particular about my pizza- I like it thin, I like it crispy, I don't like too much sauce, I like a tasty dough, etc. Sauce was awesome! At first I wasn't sure if I could eat a whole 12 inch by myself... well, I ate all of mine and one slice from my moms! I had the portobello and artichoke and it was so yummy! Cracker thin crispy crust, tasty, not oozing with sauce- perfect. My mom's chicken and broccoli was good and so was my sisters pepperoni and sausage. Side thing for me was that they had diet dr. pepper- one of my favorite drinks ever and most places do not have it from the fountain! This was our second restaurant in the Fox group and they are obviously doing something right! We will be back when we come visit again!
4	Pizza and Caesar salad were great, pretty neat place to get a quick eat
4	One of my "go-to" spots in old town for quick food. Sauce always has a hip crowd. The place is great and clean. The pastas/ salads/ soups/ and pizzas are all tasty. I have never been disappointed.
2	While driving down to PF Changs down by Fashion Square for a mothers day lunch, we passed by this place and decided on it instead to try something new. It looked busy outside on the patio so I figured this must be a pretty decent pizza place. I have only been to one other Fox restaurant and that is True Food Kitchen, which I like a lot. This place..... meh.We walk in, and the first thing I notice to be different is its not a sit down, order, and food is brought to you kind of place. Its a order at the register, wait for food to come out kind of place. Which I was not expecting and frankly it confused me. The prices were extremely high for this kind of establishment. We ordered a few different items. The portabello and artichoke bruschetta, $4.50. Was it worth the money? No way. It was one thick slice of bread spread with a thin layer of goat cheese, topped with a minuscule amount of peppers, artichokes, and hardly any mushrooms. It did taste good, but definitely not a good value for the money. We also ordered the portabello and artichoke pizza $9.75, as well as the mushroom and arugula pizza, $9.75. I don't know where this place gets off charging the amount of money they do for how little food they give you. Their pizzas are a thin crust, with a thin layer of sauce, and a thin layer of cheese and toppings. Do people actually come here on a regular basis and pay this much for such a thin pizza? If they do something must be wrong with them. Either that or they are so dazzled by the Fox name that they don't care where they throw their cash. Now don't get me wrong. The pizzas all tasted really good, but I would not come here again because of the prices of the food here, which is the only reason for the two star review. I don't just review taste, I also review value. And the value here for what you get is none. Also, places like this that don't pay their employees at least minimum wage really bother me. At the register you pay and they have a tip line. I don't usually tip at these kinds of places where all the service I get is food being brought out to me or if I do I don't tip the usual amount, but I was so flustered by this I had no idea what to do. I even asked the girl do people usually tip, and she told me they were tip based pay employees. Seriously? They don't do anything worth the tip. At that point I felt obligated to tip so I did. And I still feel like I shouldn't have. All in all I spent $34 dollars on about $5 worth of ingredients. I wont be back.
5	I adore their chicken pinenuts and gorgonzola salad. It is really good and a great portion for lunch. I eat that I am full and satisfied for the rest of the day!
4	We ate at Sauce for their 2 for $20 summer deal yesterday for lunch.  We ordered the caesar salad (which was a good portion for 2 to share), the chicken pesto pizza (which by the way is a white pizza, we didnt find this out until it came to our table but the manager offered to add pizza sauce to it which made it even better) and two glasses of wine.  Sauce is a good place that I tend to forget about because the pizza is in my opinion forgetable.  The staff was nice and prompt which lead me to give the 4 star rating.
3	Pretty good place for a quick lunch.  I was in here today and had the pasta with meatballs.  The meatballs and marinara sauce were good.  Nice flavors.  The pasta shells were overcooked and mushy.  Oh well.
3	I thought this place was a bore and a snore.  I was really excited when I heard about the quick-serve italian place.  I'm a big pasta person and I was hoping for some more creative options from Fox.  I got the chicken, broccoli, and cheese sauce and my friend got the mac and cheese or shall I say the Velvetta shells and cheese because thats exactly what both of our dishes tasted like only they added shredded chicken and broccoli to mine.I went a second time and got pizza.  Maybe its my fault for going to a place called "Sauce" but I didn't know they took the name so seriously and literally covered the pizza in sauce with no cheese.  I like pizza with lots of cheese and not so much the sauce.  Thats just me and I know its a preference and thats why they get 3 stars rather than 2.
4	My wife and I love their salads and very thin crust pizza (we call it cracker pizza since it is always so crunchy).  Haven't had a bad experience at a "Fox Concept Restaurant" yet!
4	Love their pizza!!!  The make your own is cool.  My niece loved that she can create a pizza of her OWN.  We walked in and ordered... It was linner (4pm) but we were hungry after all the shopping.  My niece ordered a pepperoni and smoked ham pizza.  I got the chicken peso pizza.  We got our drinks, sat, and talked.  An employee asked if we wanted a chopped salad, they made 1 too many.  Sure, my niece inhaled it.  Her pizza came and I was told they made a mistake with mine.  Nice, so I am here watching her eat.  =(  My pizza finally came after 10 mins.
4	Sauce is a great Quick Serve place.  I had the Chix Caesar Salad it was large and filling and quite good.  The sangria is nice as well...I like the koolaid touch around the edge of the glass.  My man had the bruchetta caprese style and it was awesome...the tomatoes were perfectly ripe and the mozzarella was fresh and creamy.  The bread was a really crusty yet fluffy yet able to hold up to the mix piece of wonder...we found out they get it from LaBrea.  If you want a great quick lunch or dinner check it out...we look forward to trying the pizza and pasta next time!
5	Sauce is amazing. My husband and I are new to Phoenix and went walking around the 5th Ave area on a Friday night after seeing a movie. While walking in the area, most places were loud and pumping with house music that I imagine they play on the Jersey Shore. When we saw Sauce, we figured we should try it as it looked quaint and unique. We got the special = $20 for a pizza, salad, and two glasses of wine (or beer if you like). We LOVED the food. We got the Caprese Salad, the Pepperoni,Sausage,Red Pepper, and mushroom pizza, and two glasses of Sangria. Best $20 we've spent since moving here. The staff was super polite and helpful, the Caprese Salad was the best I've ever had. The pizza was great & one can definitely tell it is from a stone/fire oven. The Sangria was to die for.   SOOOOOO GET GOING!
5	Best spot to have lunch. Yummy pizza and salads! I am going to be such a regular when I become a neighbor soon.
5	Love their pizza salad and wine for two deal sooo delicious!!!
5	My best friend and I came here for dinner one night during the week. It was not too crowded. The cashier gave recommendations for pizzas and salads. They talked us into the combo for two which included a shared pizza and salad and two glasses of wine. It was the perfect portion and the pairing was perfect. They could easily get away with higher prices because the quality of food is that amazing. The location is perfect too because it is just outside the mall so you can  hit up the mall first then satisfy your hunger at Sauce afterward. I can't wait to go again.
4	The cookies are to die for!! I wish I could order them online and send them to my friends and family all over the US!but you can't live off cookies. all the other options are great! for the quality of the food, it's super affordable, the service is quick and there is a good variety. more of a lunch place. soups are just okay but the salads are great! ahh i want a cookie!
4	I wish I could give this a 3.5!  It's a wonderful place for a quick lunch - but this is not a place I would frequent for dinner due to atmosphere and menu choices, hence the lower rating.  If you're a fan of the walk up and order establishments, this would be a prime contender.  Now for the food!  I'm not a huge fan of their pizzas.  They taste great with gourmet ingredients - thin crust, but there are so many other pizza joints I would suggest first.  What I do love and highly suggest are their salads.  I think my favorite would have to be the caprese, which is actually a standard salad with lettuce, pieces of tomato and fresh mozzarella mixed in, an amazing balsamic vinaigrette, and to top it off... lightly crunchy buttered/oiled croutons made from their fresh bread.  My second choice salad is the chicken/gorgonzola/tomato/pine nut one.  Fresh light dressing makes this a summer time delight.  Their bruschetta is also great, but expect them to be small in portion, very individual, not shareable as an appetizer really.  Great flavors!Paninis and pasta also are a large portion of the menu, but alas, I have not tried any of these yet!In all, a great place to grab a quick bite with good food aimed to please.  If you're familiar with restaurants like Noodles n Co or Cosi, this is right in line.  Not quite what I expected from a FOX creation, but yummy.p.s. their triple chocolate cookies (plain cookie dough, dark, milk, white chips) are way worth $1 more.  Make sure to take advantage of them because I am addicted even though I don't really love chocolate!
2	Great service and nice ambiance, but the food doesn't hold up. I started with the spinach, apple and Gorgonzola salad, which comes with chicken, and none of the flavors worked right. The nicest thing I could say about the salad was that the spinach wasn't wilty at all. Next, we had ordered the four-cheese pasta which features broccoli and chicken, and it fell flat. The rich white sauce lacked flavor,and the broccoli looked good but tasted odd. The chicken was completely different from the chicken on the salad - in a good way, but it was still kind of odd. I could see myself coming back here just for the convenience factor, but it won't be with any anticipation for good food, unfortunately.
5	Sauce is my absolute fav. I don't think I've had a single thing there that I haven't liked. While they are pretty well known for their pizza which is absolutely delish, I usually tend to eat a little on the healthier side and get either the turkey and feta salad or this other salad that has pears in it (I kind of forget exactly what it is, but I've gotten it a few times). I also like the soup and you can't go wrong with their turkey sandwich either. Oh, and their mac n cheese!!! So delish. Those are pretty good standbys, and it's nice that they give you bread and butter on the side no matter what you order, even if you do get a sandwich which a lot of places tend to skimp on the bread if you ordered bread as a staple of your meal (which is probably better for you anyway, but thanks for the extra bread, Sauce!) It's also nice that it's really close to a lot of stuff, so it's a good lunch spot during the work day. Don't get caught browsing at Urban Outfitters while you wait for your food though or you might get stuck spending 100 bucks in about 5 minutes like I did last time I went. Yikes.
3	Sauce was good, pasta was ok. For such a swank place it didn't deliver what I expected.
5	Great lunch place to get a drink with a vendor and enjoy a great meal, but still be able to keep a conversation going.Sometimes you just do not want to not have a waiter interrupting your conversations every 5 minutes, but you do want semi elegant food and atmosphere. I have found this actually pretty hard to come by.  Well, if Italian food and wine are on your taste buds, this is the solution.  The food is fast and taste above average along with the service being above average, but that would only get it a 4 star rating.  The location and the fact they have alcohol there in the form of wine for a great price, makes it a 5.   Great food Great priceGreat service for a counter order restaurant.
4	I like Sauce, a lot. I like that for a 'quick-meal' place, they have a menu with a ton of variety. I like the brick oven pizzas, with that charred edge. The cheese they use is delicious. They have a new thicker hand-stretched crust, which is pretty good if you're offended by their normal thin crust. The hand stretched also appears to be a little larger, and is more filling than the thin crust, so it's good to share.The white bean and potato soup is the reason why I only try to come here on Wednesdays and Thursdays. Yes, it is THAT good.The pasta, salads, panini's are all good too. And they have a decent wine selection. In the summer they offer great dinner deals. I believe last summer was a pizza, a salad and 2 glasses of wine for $20. Seriously, thats a steal and a half dot com.
4	Keeping in mind that Sauce is a chain, the pizza is pretty good.  In my opinion a thinner crust is the only way to serve pizza.
4	Great pizza on a thin crust, perfect for takeout. My favorite is the portabella artichoke. Their mac n cheese is alright, but I've had much better.Their Tiramisu now come in strange circular cups. Not as good as they used to be.
2	The food is good but the portions aren't very generous for the price.  I ordered a salad to go for the 1st time and it seemed about half the size of the dine-in size.  Oh well, maybe I just eat too much.
5	The chicken Mac & Cheese is hands-down the BEST Mac & Cheese EVER. And I've tried quite the variety.
3	It's the chipotle of pizza places. Quick, good but a little on the pricey side of things. It's no Grimaldis or Spinatos but for lunch it's pretty darn good. I'm a fan of salads so the Chicken, gorgonzola and pine nuts is always a nice change up in the week. The Paninis are also tasty and nicely size and the pizza - like I said pricey but good. I like thin crust - that's probably the biggest thing. Fresh, light and not too much for lunch.
4	Like the thin crust pizza, esp the spicy chicken sausage. Good pasta, spaghetti and meatballs. Love the meatballs.  Kid likes the mac n cheese. Can get a "side" dish of pasta at very reasonable price if not very hungry. Good bread also.Not a fan of their tiramisu though which I usually really like at other places.Good for takeout also.
1	Probably the worst service in all of Scottsdale.Restaurant is run by kids who need a summer job. The manager has no understanding and/or concept of running a restaurant business. Ordered a pasta dish and a pizza. The pasta was out quick in less then ten minutes. Lousy pasta overcooked, sauce tasted sweet like Chef Boyardee. It took them 30 minutes + to get the pizza, by this time my pasta is cold. Had I not said something to the runner, we would have never gotten pizza. The manager came over, apologized, said it was her fault. She never once explained what was the reason that a table of 6 that arrived 20 minutes after us had five pizzas served, never comped the dinner, but did offer cookies?!!!!!  IS THIS RESTAURANT A JOKE??? ?Cookies is going to resolve a service issue????  Where I come from, a round of drinks is offered to alleviate tension, or perhaps the dinner is comped, but COOKIES???Give me a break...her calling is definitely NOT in the service industry. I think Girl Scouts of America is hiring a cookie maitre d'
3	I think this place is hyped up a little more than it should be. I've tired their bruschetta, pizzas and salads. They were decent and I have no complaints but nothing to rave about. A decent place to pop in to for lunch since they have counter service that you order at.
4	Usually have a good meal here.  Occasionally, the pizza is burned on the edges, but we love the Caesar salad, and the bruschetta is good, too.  The service is generally timely.  Definitely will frequent again.
3	Sauce is either hit or miss. It's a bit on the expensive side and suffers from mediocre management. It's one of those semi self-serve places; you walk up to a cashier to order, seat yourself, wait for servers to bring your order to your table and they might also come around to ask you if you need anything such as a drink refill.The ambiance is hip, comfortable and open which makes it an ideal spot to catch-up with friends. An entree item (pizza or salad) will cost you around $10. The pizzas are scrumptious but I suggest getting normal/thin crust over their newer thick/pan crust. Every time I've had the thicker crust it's been over-cornmeal'd. Being on a budget, I usually order the mushroom and artichoke bruschetta and a soft drink for just under $7. If I can spend a bit more I'll go for the caesar salad, though I skip the unsatisfactorily dry, cold chicken add-on.The service is even more hit-or-miss than the food. Their staff seems to have a high turn-over rate with the exception of a couple great food servers. I've had visits where the employees have been fantastic, and others where the cashiers have acted like I was doing them a favor. During a particularly unfortunate and embarrassing incident a young woman incorrectly took my order and when the resulting price was significantly more than it should have been I politely corrected her. She then stormed off into the kitchen and yelled at the staff, "HE DOESN'T WANT THE PIZZA ANYMORE!! HE WANTS THE BRUSCHETTA NOW." loud enough to be clearly heard from the dining area. I should have then called a manager but instead I accepted the $7 embarrassment and wouldn't return for nearly six months.I've since returned to satisfactory experiences. Hit or miss ... it's the risk you take.
4	You always know what you're getting with one of these Fox Concept restaurants, but I had a great customer service experience the other night. I needed to grab some dinner real quick, but I knew most places were closed already. I showed up at Sauce at 9:05PM, and they closed at 9. I opened their front door anyway, and asked if they were still serving. They said "No," so I turned around and walked out as I had expected. Then about 10 seconds later, another person working there chased after me and said "Hey, maybe we can help you, what are you ordering & we'll see if we can still make it." I was getting a pretty simple chicken salad to-go, so they said it wouldn't be a problem, and they'll have it ready for me as quickly as possible. They made it fresh, and I was ecstatic that they stayed a little later then they had to in order to make me happy.
3	It's fine... nothing special. For some reason my brethren from the Valley of the Sun were huge fans, don't get it, won't be back.
3	Sauce is a decent, easy choice for quick lunch or dinner.   The food is OK - I found it better several years ago.  The ambiance is fresh and relaxed for a counter-order restaurant.The menu has enough variety to make everyone happy: pizzas, pasta, salads, panini, gluten free, etc.  I like that you can order beer or wine with your meal (inside dining only).Last week I tried their new, thicker crust and even though I'm a dough-lover I prefer the thin crust.
3	It's a cheap and quick meal when you're in a hurry.  The paper thin crust pizza is fine and we always finish all of it.  The salads are tasty and fresh.  If you want authentic pizza, this is not the place.
2	The concept of this place is fast casual, minus the fast part. I have been here several times due to its proximity to work but I find that the time it takes to get your food is not conducive to a work day lunch. They also do not offer pizza by the slice so if I am by myself grabbing a quick bite I go for a panini (which are just ok) and a side salad. They don't let you swap it for the chips so you have to pay extra for the salad and they don't let you get once of the "fancy" salads in a side portion.  Overall, I think the only time this place works is if you have some time to kill and a few other people with you so you can share a pizza and salad. But on those occasions I can think of half a dozen other places at the same price point that I would rather go to in the area with better food and ambiance. i.e. Fifth and Wine, Herb Box market, Olive and Ivy marketplace, Gelato Spot, etc. etc.
5	Our favorite pizza we usually order the mushroom and truffled arugula pizza with a salad. Its the perfect amount of food for two people. The crust is amazing cracker thin crispy goodness. The also have gluten free pizza.
5	Sauce is our go-to place for quick pizza, salads and pasta.  We take out often as well.  A few weeks ago, my daughter placed a large take-out order, and didn't realize that three entrees had been left out until she got home.  She called and was assured that if she gave her name next time, she had three entrees coming.  I was in to place a take-out order last night, again, a few weeks later, and mentioned her name.  As soon as I said her name, the manager clearly recognized it, apologized again for the mistake last time, and happily took the charge off my bill.  Really well done.  Also - my opinion - best gluten-free crust in the valley.
3	This is a perky, grab n go kind of place for Italian food.  I liked the huge, chocolate chip cookies.
4	YUMMY!I've been to another location for Sauce, and it's the same everywhere.  Good food, a little pricey, but there's no wait, other than the line in front of you.  (This was a backup for Olive & Ivy, because we didn't make a reservation.  Great second choice!)
4	Good food!  Great staff!
3	Good simple pizzas and salads at good prices. Friendly staff
4	I worked right around the corner from this place for over a year and didn't try it until my last week in Scottsdale. I made it a point to make it before I left mostly just because its a FRC and I love all the other ones. Not sure why I didn't make it before. Went for lunch with two friends. Jags and I ordered two different pizzas that we both wanted to try and then split each of them down the middle. Evan got another pizza and traded us each out a piece so we all got to try three different pizzas. I got a pepperoni and basil. Jags got spicy chicken sausage, and Evan got something else, can't remember. Anyway, they were all pretty solid. I like the crust, they definitely do the brick oven thing. The sauce as you might guess is good as well. You can tell they use high quality ingredients. Those three pizzas were the only things I ever tried but I'm guessing their other stuff wouldn't disappoint. They move pretty quick in there too.
4	I've been coming to this Sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. I don't think I've ever had a bad experience because I always know what to expect.The pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say I'm a sucker it. Every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best I've had from a "fast casual" type of restaurant.I definitely recommend sauce if you're looking for something fairly quick but delivers on quality.
4	Good food and reasonable prices.  I loved the mac and cheese... although very heavy :)
5	Although Sauce is a chain and they have several locations in the valley I would go out of my way for this location. My husband and I came in on a Sunday afternoon, we ordered 2 pasta sides the red sauce with mozzarella and the Mac n' cheese which were both awesome! We just barely began to notice it was taking a little while for our pizza to come out when the manager(?) came over and apologized because the pizza had been brought to the wrong table and he had taken it off our tab (which we had already paid)! All the staff was awesome and really went above and beyond. And all this is coming from a server of a high volume restaurant downtown. Would come back again and again!
4	I've been coming here for 5+ years. Consistently good food, a laid-back ambiance, and they occasionally add new items that improve the menu. It is a fast casual concept - meaning that you place your order, take a number and they will bring it to you. This makes it the perfect format for a quick lunch or a nice, laid-back dinner. I love their pizzas because of the super-thin crust. And their salads are to-die-for. Mac and cheese is pretty wonderful, too. If I were to move out of state, Sauce Pizza and Wine would be one of the restaurants I would miss the most.
4	Not to shabby at all, Sauce!Love their exposed brick, wood floors, and big chalkboard menu on wall. Adequate seating inside or out. Quick and friendly service.Had the Feta and Turkey Salad (hold the corn!) last Sunday afternoon. Was pretty scrumptious! My dining partners had thin-crust pizza that looked delish also.I will def be back for more Sauce!
5	I absolutely love this place. Allll the pizza here is phenomenal.  You can't go wrong with any veggie pizza here. :))) great customer service and very attentive.  I LOVE THEIR ROLLS. :)
5	I've never been to a pizza place like this one... It was restaurant quality food served in a casual self serve type place. Almost like a wildflower bread company meets a humble pie restaurant.  You stand in line to order your food and your food is served to you. However u get to pick where you sit and had to fill and refill your drinks by yourself.  The food was great, high quality and served quickly.  Will definitely return!
5	The best food ever ! Come here all the time it's fast and affordable and amazing ! Their mac and cheese is on point and so is their Cesar salad. Also their Cesar pizza and potato pizza is great too. Love their bread rolls !
3	First impression of sauce was great, love the kitchen and pizza oven set up and how open the place is. The menu had a great selection and the food was excellent.However, the service was not what I expected, aside from the girl at the register, the staff just stood there and did nothing besides talk. I had to go up to them 3 times let them know we were ready for the check...(bummed out)I have to give the establishment a 3 star, I would comeback but probably on a day where the staff is switched up. Still though the food was great.
5	I have definitely become a great fan of Sauce! Every single thing I have had the opportunity to try has been delicious! I took a bite of each of my friends' dishes and everything tasted great. I ordered the sausage and caramelized onion pizza and added some red peppers. OMG, it was so amazing! It was a perfect combination of flavors and the thin crust was also very good! The kitchen accidentally made a cheese and basil pizza and kindly offered it to us! Even without a great amount of toppings it was a delicious pizza. My friend's daughter was in love with it, and she is typically a picky eater! I had a bite of my friends dishes - lasagna and mac n' cheese- they were both very flavorful and you could taste that they were made with fresh ingredients. It was a beautiful day outside so we decided to sit outside, the staff was very kind and brought out a high chair for the 2 year old. I was impressed at the size and quality of food that they serve with reasonable prices. I see that Yelp has a lot of good things to say about their salads, so I plan to get one next time! I cannot wait to come back for more, but I will admit it will be difficult to order anything other than their amazing sausage and caramelized onion pizza.
5	I recently ate here and it was a great atmosphere. Perfect for an afternoon lunch after a long day of shopping. The quality of their food was very good especially for the price. The whole establishment was very clean and their entire staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking for an enjoyable, low maintenance, inexpensive lunch.
5	Everything about Sauce is amazing. The facility is always clean and the service is great. I have not had one thing on the menu that wasn't delicious. My favorites are the chicken caesar pizza, the mozzarella, fontina & basil pizza (their "plain cheese"), the roasted portobello & artichoke bruschetta, and the chicken & pine nut salad. You have to get a side of their mac 'n cheese, it is incredible. I highly recommend Sauce Pizza & Wine!
4	Not a place you'd go for a night out but a really great meal.  Piazza was excellent and I've never had better mac 'n cheese.  Served the wine in a juice type glass which gave it nice authentic Italian cafe touch.  Cheesecake and tiramisu were excellent.  If you're looking for a quick no frills lunch or dinner you won't be disappointed.
1	Generally I come here after a mall visit for cheap accessible food with a cute atmosphere. Today however was unacceptable. I ordered a turkey feta salad to go and had to come back because my turkey was not included. Once I started eating I found short hair in the bottom of my salad I can only assume was from the male cook. Due to the location and the great service I know there will be many more years to come for sauce on camelback. I only ask for improvements in the kitchen area and competence.
4	Sauce is absolutely packed at lunch time as it is one of the few spots to eat around the S Dobson/Ocotillo area. You pay at the counter and have your food delivered to your table. The line to order/pay at the counter are usually long and take a while to get to. The menu items themselves look really tasty and partially healthy. However, I found Sauce to really be overpriced for the actual quality and size of what you are getting. They try to be high-end but the food does not support it. I have had better pizzas and better salads for way less, I don't think it warrants $8-12 for lunch.
3	Upscale "fast" food.We're creatures of habit and order the same meal during most visits. The macaroni and cheese, bruschetta and a mixed green salad and a few drinks. The salad and bruschetta are mostly consistent when ordering. The macaroni and cheese is never consistent. Sometimes the pasta is way over cooked other times just right. Sometimes the pasta swims in a runny cheese sauce, other times its coated just right. You never know. We've been going to this location for little over a year now. It's conveniently located within walking distance of our house. Today was perhaps the first time we received friendly and fast service.  From the cashier to the person collecting our plates, everyone seemed friendly and happy to serve. It almost seemed weird because I've gotten used to the fairly crappy snotty behavior of the kids working there.  It was also the first time ever our whole meal was served within a few minute period. On all previous occasions, one dish would come out, then 20 minutes later another, and on many occasions you had to ask someone where your food was. Today, it was smooth running. Perhaps they did some much needed house-cleaning and hired new staff. Keep it up please!
1	Really, better sauce comes in a jar!  No basil on caprese salad, and swimming in dressing.  But what do I know.  Never had caprese salad with dressing.
5	Visiting from DC and stumbled across this place for lunch - pizza was great as was the summer vegetable salad.  Most notably, the wait staff checked on us twice and manager came to visit and chat.  Great food and experience.
5	Absolutely delicious!  Their pasta, pizza, and bread rolls are so amazing!  I recently went to Venice, Italy and Sauce is way better than true Italian.  It also is so fast.  This is the best Italian restaurant in AZ.  Must eat!
4	This place is really good for what it is (a very casual, kid-friendly, medium-priced restaurant). The food was all good. We tried pizza, pasta, and salad. The kids bowl of pasta was big and two of my toddlers split it (with me stealing some too). The pizza wasn't really my style, since it was very thin with very little sauce, though some people love that kind. You order at the counter and they bring the food to you. I would definitely come back here for good food with kids in tow. Definitely not with girlfriends or on a date night.
4	Hey, have you heard of Sauce's summer special? One pizza, one salad, and two glasses of wine for $20! Yes please!This special and place makes it for a fun, affordable, casual date spot. I'll definitely be returning here quite a bit during the summer months.
4	Great experience. It's been a while since we have been here but we usually come at least once a summer for their summer deal. When we got there the line was out the door and only seating outside was available. It was extremely hot and my wife is 6 months pregnant. I asked the gentleman giving numbers out for seating if he could find us a seat inside. He separated a four top into an extra two top and got us a seat inside for my wife. When our food came out they brought out our Mac n cheese but told us that they charged us for a full and only brought out a side. We appreciated their honesty because we would have never noticed otherwise. Pizza and salad were very good and it was a great price. Definitely a place we recommend.
4	We went to the Pie Wei at Gainey last night and found it very pleasant and food was very fast & good. The service was good also.  I recommend it   Kay
5	A nice quick place for fresh Italian pasta, pizza and salads . My favorite is the basic pasta and red sauce and the pepperoni pizza .
5	This might be my new favorite spot. Very modest but that does not mean they are slacking on food.Excellent prices and great service, I recommend the chicken spinach walnut salad and the tiramisu is LEGIT!
5	Not only is the food ridiculously amazing but the people are even more ridiculously awesome! I locked my keys in my car as I was coming to pick up my order and they were more than accommodating! They were happy to keep my food in the warmer until I was able to get in my car, offered me something to drink and even cookies (it was impossible to say no). Most places would have just forgotten about you once you paid but they made sure to make feel welcome and even took the time to let me know that even though they were closing, I was more than welcome to stay until the locksmith got here. This place is great and I ended up devouring my lasagna before I left, it was delicious!!
5	Such a cute little pizza shop with delicious pizza at great prices!  The personal pizzas are more than satisfying for one  definitely coming back here again
5	Always a good experience the tomato soup is excellent and the employees are very pleasant perfect for lunch dinner by yourself or with a group!
