3	Best neighborhood bar in Tempe. Food is awesome wings are a must try, burgers a so juicy and the fries are awesome!!! Pretty good selection of beer-could be better- but overall love this hang out.I am re-visiting this review because the place has changed some. The bar is not as clean as it used to be and the wings lately have been small and scary (black bones). The beer on tap is not as cold as it used to be...
4	The woodshed was a surprisingly nice place.  We stopped by on our Tempe Dive Bar Tour, and I actually found it to be the most aesthetically pleasing, although it was one of the last stops so there may have been some drunk goggles going on.At the time we were there they had $3.25 32oz domestics which is a pretty damn good deal.  There is a narrow bar area, and some other seating area around with the normal realm of darts, pool, and other bar games.People are friendly and service is pretty quick.  I didn't eat any of the food, but I wouldn't be surprised if I found myself in this bar again.
5	A buddy of mine brought me in here right after I turned 21. That first time at The Woodshed I saw an old man bring in sledge hammers and drunkenly attempt to kill two men. I've found myself going to this bar ever since.Place has been around forever. If you go on Tuesdays they have a great deal on hamburgers. You can get a plate with a nice burger, fries, and a mini pitcher of whatever domestic for around 5 bucks. Good bar food. Beer selection isn't the best, but the prices are very reasonable. Make sure to order a 'red thing'.Pool tables are subpar. Always a fun pinball machine. Karaoke is hilarious especially when it's packed and drunk assholes think they can sing Tool songs Always a good mix of weirdos. Bartenders are always nice and friendly,
3	Not sure if this is actually related to the Woodshed II, it is the same kind of place though. Major group of regulars, some kind of cool. They pretty much own the place though. The bartenders and waits are pretty good. Especially in keeping the regulars from bugging the visitors too bad. Neighborhood bar, great to visit. Especially if you live in the neighborhood.
4	After spending a day searching for a new apartment, we took the time to find a karaoke location by our new digs.  The Woodshed popped as having the fun we were looking for.  It's a strip mall bar...and since the singing starts at 9:30 PM, nothing else was open so parking was easily available.  On entering, the place looks to be clean and pretty bright.  Clean, yes, and a pretty big group of regulars.  We sat down at a table.  As it did not appear there was any wait staff, I went up to the bar and ordered, a double tall Jack and Coke for my honey and scotch on the rocks for me, along with an order of hot wings.  Bartender got the drinks and told me to come back in 10 minutes for the wings.The Karaoke guy arrived and set up his laptop, powered up the microphones and started some kind of mix playing.  He set out his books and song sign-up slips.  We got a book and quickly found two songs each.  On handing in our slips, we were told we would be singers 3 and 4 for the first round.I headed back up to the bar to be greeted with wings.  They were good-sized and well-cooked, and while the sauce was flavorful, it was not very hot.  Singing started, and the performers were quite good.We will be back.
1	We only went here because it has been a traditional Father's Day event with friends.  We decided to join them for the 1st time......really...we will never go back. This place is a dump. Today was 110 degrees the air condition felt like a swamp cooler, the service was not great either. We did blow out a keg...so reconnecting the keg took awhile.  The service staff really tried to do their best, but it's The Shed I, and it has not changed over the years.  Unless your desparate for a beer....after a softball game at Kiwanis Park...keep on driving.
5	This bar is fantastic. I love the staff, and the people. I have been in there daytime and at night. I love, the food! I think its nice to find a neighborhood bar where everyone knows eachother, yet they are friendly to the new people. Gena, by far is my favorite. She is a great bartender and she knows how to make things happen!! I wish I lived closer or I would be there all the time!!For now Ill settle to have my burger, (best. THING. EVER.) monthly instead of weekly!!
4	I love seclusion!!!!  This place is perfect. I am so glad that my friends told me about it. The drinks are amazing and the prices are even better!  It is so nice to find a place that gets it right.  The burger I ate was fantastic and the bartender was hilarious. If your looking for a place that has a terrific atmosphere and is full of great energy check it out, I know i'll be back!
4	Chill spot for drinking with the boys. Not a place to bring your best girl to, but if you're looking to grab a few while watching a game, this is the place for you. Food is surprisingly good, since the bartenders work the grill behind the bar.
4	The burgers here are BIG! They are absolutely fantastic! Great bargin in price. They taste great with one of their ice cold beers.
5	I've only been here for the burger and beer deal but it is absolutely amazing! It's $5 for a burger, fries, and beer or soda. You have to pay extra for cheese but it's worth it! It's probably the best bar food I've had and such a great price! Plus, they have fireball shots. I'd recommend this place to anyone.
5	My partner and I were on the search for a quick drink before the bars closed and this place pop up on yelp. It's a very relax place with the coldest beer I've ever tasted. Great place for a quick beer after work or wherever. Would highly recommend if you're just looking to grab a cold one
4	It's funny how the menu says that everything is homemade and then when you order the mozzarella sticks, bartender has to rush to back freezer and get fresh bag of sticks. Well, I saved 4 bucks and ordered a side of frozen crinkly cut fries and it was a big order and well cooked, so as for frozen snacks, these fries were pretty good for three bucks. Place was semi-crowded for football playoffs and a bunch of 49ers fans had taken over the middle of the establishment. They had a good deal on large domestic drafts at $3.25 and a PBR can for two bucks. Tv situation is a bit outdated at the bar, but in the dining area, they had a big screen. Pretty decent place for sports and beer and frozen appetizers.
5	This place honestly kicks ass. They have a Touch Tunes(juke box), the food is amazing and it's a really chill environment.
1	Horrible.  We live in the neighborhood and decided to stop in based on the reviews.  We sat down at a booth...and waited, and waited and waited...20 min went by and no one came to take our order.  We finally went up to the bar...waited another 10 min before we were acknowledged...we ordered a pitcher of beer, 15 wings (their special monday night is to order 10 wings and get 5 free) and potato skins.  I saw the cook only had one order in front of ours and one that came in after ours so I figured it would be rather quick.  45 min later he yelled across the bar that our food was ready.  The cook, the two bartenders stood around and talked for a good 20 min before cooking.  This is honestly the worst service I have ever had.  I will not be back.
5	For all the people who sit down and don't get any "service," there are signs that clearly say to order at the bar. So I would start with that. Then do this in any order you'd like:-cold beer-wings-cheesecurdsYour welcome.
5	Comfortable and friendly dive bar! Having just moved here, my roommate and I were looking for a little hole in the wall watering hole. The Woodshed has GREAT prices, the people were nice, and the staff is fantastic! Not to mention the food was cheap and yummy. If you live in the area, or even if your just visiting this little bar will welcome you with open arms. :)
2	this place has REALLY gone downhill. we used to live nearby, and came here regularly for karaoke. it used to be friendly, warm, and just a great place to be. now? they treat customers like garbage, and they don't stock toilet paper in their bathrooms. avoid this place, there are better bars not far away.
