5	While in Las Vegas for a trade show,  we spent 4 long days on our feet. On the last day, we called and as luck would have it they were able to come to our hotel within a few hours.  We so enjoyed our massage, it was exactly what we needed.  We were very impressed with the responsiveness and professionalism. We had a hard week at the trade show and their wonderful hands where a welcome touch. We both felt great after the massage and had a relaxing flight home the next day. I am glad you were able to accommodate us on short notice and we will defiantly call again when we are in Las Vegas. If you are in Las Vegas and need or would like a massage, this is the place to call!
5	Absolutely awesome.I am a regular visitor to vegas and know how hard it is to find a legal, respectable in room massage....this couple is it and more.  They are very professional, courteous and very respectable.I booked my couples massage the day after my wedding and the massage couple arrived to my strip suite on time, set up two professional massage tables, waited while my husband an I disrobed, did a fantastic massage, probably one of the best I've ever had (I get regular massage!)All in all a FANTASTIC experience.  I will be using them again!
5	Great massage!  Very professional.
5	The best kept secret in Las Vegas!  Going to Vegas for a vacation?  Make this trip the memory of a lifetime with a luxurious massage for you and your partner in the comfort and privacy of your hotel suite!  This husband and wife team arrive at your hotel offering the utmost in service.  Completely and throughly professional!  My husband and I were delighted with the massage.  Better than any spa and nominally priced.  We will definitely call them for our next trip.
5	This review is long over due. I only thought about it as I was looking up their info as I have another trip to Vegas planned in the next week. We used these guys about a year and a half ago and they were AMAZING!!! Very professional, prompt, ontime, set up quickly and left quickly...we are just checking our schedule while we are there next week to try and move things around to use them again.
5	The massage couple was the best anniversary gift we gave ourselves. Reasonably priced, provided a wonderful and tailored service in the comfort of our hotel room. We will definitely be calling them on our next trip to Vegas.
5	Absolutely awesome couple. Very professional and knowledgable. Would recommend to anyone visiting Vegas.
5	We were in search of an in-room massage that was safe, reputable, respectable, skillful and competitively priced. We found that and more with The Massage Couple. They were super professional and accommodating, equipped with comfortable tables, linens, great music and bottled water! They provided experienced massages with just the right amount of pressure and insured that our needs and preferences were met. We would surely hire them at home if they were in the area!
5	My boyfriend and I went to Vegas to celebrate my birthday.  I wanted to get a massage.for us that was legitimate, customized to our needs, and worthwhile.  I read other reviews for the massage couple and thought I'd give them a try. We were NOT disappointed.  They were on time, professional, and superior massage therapists.  You should definitely give them a call. You will not be sorry!
5	Picture this; in Vegas for 5 days and nights of hardcore drinking, partying and other regular Las Vegas shenanigans. After the fourth night your body simply can't take anymore and you need some kind of therapy. In comes......tun tud un tun....."The Massage Couple"! Mr and Mrs couple come knocking on your door anywhere in Vegas to help reenergize your weary body. I have to admit I was a bit hesitant about having strangers come over to my suite at the Cosmo, but after reading some reviews on here I decided to go for it and trust my fellow yelpers. I am so happy I did! They are extremely trustworthy, professional, prompt very fairly priced and most importantly phenomenal massage therapists. I somehow managed to throw out my back loading the luggage to come on this Vegas trip and fortunately for me Mr Couple was able to give me a deep tissue fixer upper. It was a perfect massage and I have to honestly say that I am pain free! Thank you guys, I'll be calling you next time I'm in town!
5	Besides the fact this is one of the best massage that my husband and I have ever had, we received a great deal and they came to our hotel room to do it!  I cannot say enough about the massage couples professionalism, courteousy, and  promptness, it was fabulous....they have great deals so don't hesitate to look at the website or ask.  We look forward to doing this again soon!
5	My husband and I strive to try different massage places during our yearly Vegas stay. As always, I yelp'd and found the massage couple. The prices were reasonable and they come to you. How awesome is that! Say goodbye to fighting through the strip traffic and worry about driving back after a relaxing massage. Driving is that last thing we'd want to do after. I made an appointment the day before and took advantage of their summer special of $45 off a couples massage. Mark told me he would text me when he was downstairs the next day so I could let them up. The next day came, we followed the pre massage instructions of not having anything to eat prior and a warm shower prior to the massage. We escorted them up to our room and they started setting up the tables. Both Mark and Joanne were very warm and friendly. They did not even mind we had our dog with us in the room. They're cat lovers :)The provided us with instructions while they washed up in bathroom. We were free to be naked or just wear underwear. They drape you with a sheet like regular massage places during the massage. We got the 90 minute Swedish and let me tell you, I caught myself snoring a few times and my husband was straight up snoring lol the pressure was perfect and the music was very tranquil. They are both very professional and provide an excellent massage. We got to chat with them for a few minutes before they departed and they sure shared some interesting stories. I will not go into detail but just FYI for future customers:1) They do not do "sexual massages"2) They do not massage you in bed. They have professional tables. 3) They do not massage you butt naked. You are draped with a full sized sheet or large bath towel. Do not ask if you can just cover your privates with a small washcloth. 4) Please refrain from touching them during massages. They are just like regular massage places but they give you the convenience of staying in your own home or hotel. Please be courteous :)We highly recommend Mark and Joanne! Thank you for the wonderful massage!
5	Great massage in our room for wife and I. They were both very professional and have great massages in a relaxed environment. Prompt and on time also. Dedicatedly recommend.
5	wow sooooo soooo good!, room service, good prices ($120-150), amazing massage, top people! couldn't recommend them highly enough!
5	By far the BEST massage I have ever gotten.  I have been in need for a massage for months. I've never fallen asleep during a massage before. I'm usually in so much pain and the masseuse was never as accommodating as Joanne. Joanne made sure that I was comfortable. She hit so many magic spots. According to my boyfriend Mark was really good. He gets more massages than me (I have no idea how that's even okay) but he said that compared to his regular masseuse, Mark wins. They both applied the perfect amount of pressure. I called Mark and Joanne about a week before to make the appointment. Once we checked in I texted them my hotel and room number. Our room was on the small side but they played Tetris and made it work. The hour Swedish massage was way too short. I'm definitely calling them again next time I'm in town. I highly recommend them. They really enjoy what they do and it shows. They take credit cards too!
5	My husband and I were very happy with the professional, skilled massage Mark & Joanne gave, and will definitely book again when we return to Vegas. Recommended!
