4	I've only been to this place twice. But both experiences were pretty cool. I had fun, we went on a sunday night because we had a couple of people who were 18 - 21 with us and on that night... 21 and over get in for FREE!! whoo - hoo!! and the youngsters get in for like 5 bucks or so... i really can't remember when. There's a 2 drink minimum i think but I didn't really drink anything. It was ackward dancing around their big ol' fence. It was like... keep the jail bait away!! ha ha ha!! but it was cool, I got to cross the dreaded fence and I even fell while doing so! I missed a step and face planted infront of a bunch of trannys. not cute.It was alright though, it didn't have all the drama like straight clubs. I haven't been to another gay club, but I'd definatly go back. This time, I'll be sure to watch out for those steps!!
3	What happened to this place? A few years ago right after I turned 21 a few of my friends took me to this place, it was awesome, loads of people, good music and two for one drinks. I though it was the best place ever. I even went on a Thursday night and the place was packed. Now, it's like it died. I came back to AZ during Pride weekend and decided to hit up some clubs with a few friends. I had heard that the Biz had a name change and was not really what it used to be, but, we decided to go here on the Friday night before Pride thinking it would be full of people, wrong.  We got there around 11:30, saw the almost empty parking lot and decided to go to the E-Lounge instead, or not since it apparently has closed. So we headed back to Club Vibe as it's now called and by this time it was almost midnight. Once inside there was maybe 30 people in the place including the staff. The music was pretty good, the new dance floor was shiny and the drinks were ok, but they really pissed us off when they kept calling last call. So of course we were running to the bar to get a fresh drink then trying to go on the dance floor, being told we weren't allowed to bring drinks on the floor, chugging the drinks and then repeating for 45 minutes. It probably explain why there was like only 5 other people on the dance floor. Maybe it's the name change, maybe it's the scene, I'm not sure, but I really hope the next time I visit my hometown, this place will have fixed its problems and become an awesome place again.
