5	Animals Benefit Club (ABC) is the best no-kill shelter in the Phoenix Area. Not only is the facility amazing, but the care each and every animal receives is even more amazing. Each dog has an individual run with indoor/outdoor space to come and go as they please, plus comfy bedding and toys. All the social cats have access to an enclosed outdoor area, complete with cat trees and toys galore, allowing them to sunbathe and play at will. I've adopted two dogs from here and they've been terrific. Not only am I supporting a good cause, but I'm also freeing up space so they can continue their mission. If you're considering a four-legged friend for your family, definitely consider adopting a rescue and visit ABC!
1	I visited this place way before yelp even existed in the early ninety's. I much prefer non profits that don't treat employees and volunteers  in a degrading manner. A huge turn off to me although it happened some time ago, was listening to an employee being yelled at during one of my visits and insulted in ways that are reprehensible. While it was a while ago I can tell you that the person is still on staff at the shelter and actually runs the shelter so it is hard to imagine anything has changed. I also remember hearing staff talk about people who came to adopt siting how this or that person was just unfit to be a pet owner. To adopt from this shelter it seemed you needed to be a retired couple who never left home. Your life will need to absolutely center around your pet or you are a bad person. I have worked for many rescues in the past as a volunteer and I can say i have not witnessed such behavior anywhere else as I did at this shelter. Disgusting. There is also the matter that the shelter was sued for ethical issues. One such suit included the care and ownership of a Hurricane Katrina Dog which the shelter took in under the understanding that they would care for the dog until the owner could come to Arizona. The Shelter decided to adopt out the animal and sited that there was not such an agreement. (www.azcentral.com/arizonarepublic/news/articles/0313...) There are MANY other rescues that could use your donations.
1	I've had a terrible experience with this place.I visited to adopt a dog and the conditions of the rescue made me think twice.  They advertise being the best but that was not what I saw.  The dogs "comfy bedding" was a towel on the cement floors. Every building reeks with the smell of urine and feces.  The cat area smelled so strongly of ammonia that I was uncomfortable having my son in there for more than the few minutes.  The grass that appears in their pictures on here is all dirt now.  Even so, there was a puppy there that I was interested in adopting so I filled out an application.  I had a woman go over it with me while I was there and I was told I would recieve a call within 24-48 hours. I was more than a little disappointed on the wait but figured it's probably a good policy.  We asked to see the puppy out of the cage and were told to go to the kennel but no one ever showed up, and I couldn't find a volunteer so we eventually left? It was very weird!I waited two days, and then three, and still no call. I decided to give them a call to let them know I was still interested in the dog. I thought maybe my leaving had them questioning my interest  No answer, but I did get a call back the next day.  The lady who called me back was extremely rude.  On my application I had listed that I keep my dogs outside in our acre yard when I am not at home, but I was willing to install a dog door.  She proceeded to tell me that "that's all she needed to hear" and that she wasn't interested in letting me adopt a dog.  I reiterated that I have a barn with misters and I would happily install a dog door but she already had a terrible attitude. She requested that I send pictures of the barn, which I am happy to do and tried to hang up on me.  I asked her when I could expect to hear on the puppy after the pictures were sent and she replied that they are very busy and she tried to hang up on me again!  So then I let her know that I was very frustrated and that the customer service so far had been terrible.  She said the dogs weren't ready to be adopted anyway even though they were listed on the website as available.  I told her that I wasn't surprised that this rescue was full because I feel like I've been getting the run around and so many other shelters and rescues are so much nicer and have much nicer accomidations for the animals.  She was obviously taking this conversations all very personally and got very upset and told me that it was volunteer run like that was an acceptable reason.  You can tell! No one getting paid would ever consider treating a customer or anyone the way this lady was talking to me. I reiterated that this wasn't about her, and that I was just trying to let her know that so far this process has been really frustrating, and she hung up on me.I don't recommend this place at all. Also the photos on here are not a true representation of how the rescue looks.
4	ABC takes great care of not only the animals they save, but the conditions in which they live as well. The staff obviously works hard at keeping the facilities as clean and comfortable as possible. They know the needs and likes of every singe dog and cat and accommodate them accordingly. As someone with experience with other shelters, I admire their dedication in wanting only the best for the animals they adopt out.
1	Tedious adoption process with no calls back from the people running the place. Really disappointing because we were ready to adopt a dog but couldn't get anyone to call us back- we left 3 messages and sent 2 emails. I was told that only one person could "sign off" on the adoption of the dog we wanted. They also said it would take several days for the adoption process. I was ok with that, but after 3 weeks and no communication we went to Halo Rescue instead and was able to fill out the paperwork, bring our dogs for a meet and greet, and bring our new dog home all within 24 hours.
