1	Yep, they should be called America's Worst!  Ive had a membership with this company for the past 3yrs, and I dread having to go in for an appointment every time because I know there will be some kind of issue.   And the customer service ALWAYS leaves me with a bad taste,  no matter the location (I've been to 3).  And now after visiting the one in Charlotte, I'm so glad that my membership has expired and I never have to return.  At the Charlotte location,  they make current patients wait weeks for a follow up appointment to get  prescription.  When I requested a new appointment for my follow up,  the receptionist just stared at me when they couldn't accommodate my request.  And gave me attitude.  I had to ask to speak to a manager, and even she had an issue.   It was like they were so inconvenienced.   Apparently, they have a list of patients names on stickies that need followup appointments that can't be accommodated till weeks away.  I couldn't believe that they had such limited timeframes for followup appointments.  But when you go online, there are plenty of appointments available for new patients only.  So beware, once they get you in for your first appointment, they will abandon you. This may be a SCAM to get you in to pay for your appointment and sell you glasses, but if you have contacts, forget it!  Im betting that they are hoping you never return to get your prescription, and you are out of money for your exam.  Because they will not release your prescription till you return for your follow-up.  So make sure you get plenty of free contacts to hold you over till your follow-up if you still choose to try this place out. !!!!!!!!BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE!!!  DO NOT VISIT THIS PLACE FOR YOUR EYE EXAMS!!!!!!!****GO TO A REAL OPTOMETRIST OFFICE!****  You will get better treatment and not have to deal with the awful service and run around.   Heck...You are better off going to Wal-mart!  And I'm not even a fan of  Wal-mart....
1	Will never give my business to Americas Best again! I don't know why make an appointment with these people. I'm writing this at 2:25 pm and still haven't seen the doctor. I've been here since my scheduled appointment at 12:00 pm. 2.5 hours later and still haven't been seen is absolutely ridiculous. I've been a client of lens crafters for over a decade and I made a poor decision to come here. When I have an appointment at Lens crafters I'm in and out in 30 minutes. Just about to leave this place. I did want to mention and this is very important since I will be going on 3 hours wait time. America's Best has Americas WORST waiting seats constructed of hard perforated steel. Couldn't put some padding in your seats at the very lease if your gonna make scheduled clients or (x-clients) wait 3 hours. Horrific!! Would be the word that comes to mind about Americas Best.  You guys really need to put forth more effort into scheduling efforts. Shame ShameAlso Shame they delete customers reviews. Funny not one revie and the business has been open for quite some time. I just noticed they deleted this review so I am editing every week and making sure this on there!
1	Will never give my business to Americas Best again! I don't know why make an appointment with these people. I'm writing this at 2:25 pm and still haven't seen the doctor. I've been here since my scheduled appointment at 12:00 pm. 2.5 hours later and still haven't been seen is absolutely ridiculous. I've been a client of lens crafters for over a decade and I made a poor decision to come here. When I have an appointment at Lens crafters I'm in and out in 30 minutes.Just about to leave this place. I did want to mention and this is very important since I will be going on 3 hours wait time. America's Best has Americas WORST waiting seats constructed of hard perforated steel. Couldn't put some padding in your seats at the very lease if your gonna make scheduled clients or (x-clients) wait 3 hours. Horrific!! Would be the word that comes to mind about Americas Best.  You guys really need to put forth more effort into scheduling efforts. Shame ShameAlso Shame they delete customers reviews. Funny not one revie and the business has been open for quite some time. I just noticed they deleted this review so I am editing every week and making sure this on there!
1	NEVER AGAIN..... GO TO TARGET (100ft away) It too 3 hours for a simple eye exam. They pack patients in like animals, and have a weird rotation system. I am saw one employee ask a woman not to give her child a snack, because eating is not permitted in the building. I was shocked..... WALK to TARGET!!! I went there right after finally getting my contact prescription, and the prices couldn't be beat, plus they even has some stock to give me. They also offer discounts with certain auto insurances! I saved 30% just because I have Geico Car Insurance! Everyone was really friendly. I will go there again.
1	Just bad. It is now 2:30, my appointment was at 12:15. To have people waiting this long is just rude and bad business. The only reason I come here is because I already paid for the eyecare club. After this one is up, I will be taking my business elsewhere.
2	On my many visits back to this location, I always get irritated when an appointment time is not honored on their part.  Why make the appointment if you are not going to stand by it.  The process and price of the contact lens exam was acceptable but they won't release the prescription until she learns to put them in and take them out.  She's got a year to do it before she will need another exam but I hate going back for those training appointments.  The staff members are cordial, don't get me wrong, but I don't sense they are trained to honor appointments.  The patrons coming in for eyeglasses seem to have a much better experience when picking up their lenses.  Unfortunately, we don't have that luxury.  My suggestion is to bring your patience and something to read while you are waiting because that you will definitely do when you visit.  Another tip is to go in on a weekday before 5 pm and you may have an even better experience but I cannot promise you that.  Although this is a lower cost eye care chain, I still expect excellent service.  Oh, they have two chairs in the front of the store for waiting customers, that's because they pile you up in the rear waiting room while you wait for an exam.I am giving them 2 stars for the staff but the business gets only only 1 star for service.  I am rounding up to 3 and that is really being generous.  Yes, I will go to Target next year where they always treat her like a princess.  We just need to plan ahead.
1	This location should be ecstatic that atleast a 1 star rating is required to post. I would highly recommend finding another eye care facility. My girlfriend had an appointment at 12:15 on a Friday. It took 2 hours just for her to be seen. Once she was finally seen the optometrist dilated her eyes, and then flagged her chart to be seen again after we checked out. Once we were rang out, which the cashier was extremely friendly and upbeat and should find somewhere that would better fit her personality, we proceeded to wait for another 45 minutes to have the doctor check the nerve hence the reasoning for the dilation. After an hour of waiting for the doctor after check out we were called into the exam room. Once we were there, the optometrist then proceeded to see other patients. We were done. We left. We hadn't eaten lunch before hand since we weren't expecting to be waiting for three hours to be finished with an appointment. Each exam was taking nearly half an hour to complete, which is fine when there isn't a SEVERE back log of patients. On an unrelated note, a couple who had a scheduled appointment at 12:45 had been waiting for a long period of time as well, just over 2 hours by the time my girlfriend and I left. The individuals at this facility lost her paperwork. She had been waiting for that amount of time and had yet to be shown into the pre examination room. The lady at the front who had her attention brought to this was very nonchalant about the whole situation. She suggested that the patient reschedule her appointment since the pre examination employee was still on her lunch break, which was also taking a considerable amount of time to complete. When asked how the paperwork was lost, the employee stated that another employee had called her name several times but the patient never answered, which was an absolute lie and most every patient in the waiting room, at least three, were vouching for the patient. The employee continued to state that the patient needed to reschedule her appointment since she didn't answer her name when it was " called ". Meanwhile, another employee is speaking to the optometrist about the situation. The optometrist who could care less about the amount of time the patients have been waiting states to the employee that she is an hour late for her lunch break and states that she is taking a lunch break once she is finished with the patient who was beeing seen before the patient who had been " called " was. That particular patient had arrived after the lost paperwork patient and was adomate about having the lost paperwork patient seen before he was, hats off to you sir! In the end, you will more than likely end up extremely hungry, so eat before your appointment. You'll wind up being late for something after your appointment, so make sure your schedule is cleared before making an appointment or you'll end up waiting for your appointment for 2 hours and then be told that your paperwork was lost and will have waited 2 hours for the sheer joy of it. Save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else.
1	I have never been contacted by this manager. They did however call me with their automated review system, so they do have my number...... it is a shame, I work in a customer service area, and would have really appreciated that, but no serious contact was ever attempted.
1	DO NOT GO HERE! Prior to visiting America's Best, I read a ton of TERRIBLE reviews about the wait time at this company (for all the locations). I was an idiot and did not realize how terrible the experience actually is. They run their business by completely overbooking appointments, which leads to lack of attention to detail and ridiculous wait times. I made an exam for 11:30am and then sat for almost 3 hours waiting to see the single eye dr working. For the record, I walked out of their office at 3:30. While I was sitting in the waiting room, I listened to the workers repeatedly lie and tell customers it would only take 45 mins (after I had been sitting there for 2 hours still waiting to see a Dr).To make matters worse, once I saw the Dr, the prescription I was given was completely blurry and I had to make her redo my prescription. If I had not said anything, I would have walked out with a blurry vision, compromising my safety and those around me when I drive. Eeek! This is lawsuit waiting to happen!!! One other thing to know, if you get a contact exam, they will make you go to a follow-up within 45 days. If you miss this window, they will hold your prescription hostage and you get to start the process all over again. Even if you can handle waiting for over 2 hours for an exam, don't go here because the optometrists are so overworked and overscheduled, you mostly will leave with the incorrect prescription. Spend $20 or $30 more and go to an eye Dr that has time to fully determine your prescription and isn't pushing you out the door to get their quota of customers.I wish I could refund my purchase of the  eyecare club because I will never return to this business again.
1	The other review is spot on. I made a 9:30 appointment. The eye doctor herself came in with wet hair at 9:45! It was another hour after that I was seen.
1	Come here if you want to receive horrible customer service! The doctors are nice but support staff is disorganized. After receiving my prescription today, I plan on taking my business elsewhere.
1	This place deserves a -5. The receptionist/front desk staff....Where do I begin about that... Seriously, the most unprofessional, rude, and disorganized front desk staff ever...I went there because I recently moved close to the area and they had an earlier appointment than the other places I called.. Upon entering, the receptionist didn't even greet me and my boyfriend... She waited for us to say something.. How can we say something if we didn't know that your were busy because you didn't bother to say, hello. Rude.. Then I tell her that I've never been and I just need a fitting for glasses and contacts.. She goes on about prices like she was warning me.. First of all, why would you go about pricing right away, it just makes it seem like you're judging us by telling us a price WITHOUT US ASKING and waiting for our response.. Second, I paid 70 something instead of 100 something dollars that the receptionist stated.. Do your job and do it right lady.. And lastly, I come back to pick up my contact lens and I tell her my name and last name and she tells me it's not there.. Uhm, it clearly is there because YOU CALLED ME ten minutes before I went there.. I wouldn't drive there for no reason.. Then she's like oh, well you said your name was so and so ... My last name is what you should be looking for and that didn't change since I was born, but she didn't bother asking me to confirm if it was me.. I was pissed..Last encounter with these ladies... I called to ask a simple question... It turned into me calling and emailing corporate.. That wasn't good.. I see that people have had some bad experiences with the staff.. Yep, not just me.
