4	I like  this Bath and Body works, because it is never too busy, and the sales clerks, are always very helpful !  Went there today to get some holiday home fragrances, also, if you sign up on their web site, they will send you some really Great coupons!
4	love the products love the location semi love the employees..... not all of them though some are very rude or annoying! especially the one with brown hair (forgot name) other then that i love the products!!
1	I don't like this particular store at all... customer service gets an "F"! Love the products though, just wouldn't get my Bath and Body Works "fix" at this location. Rather go to another Bath and Body Works.
4	Great location, friendly staff.
4	Great location - super friendly staff that is there if you need but they don't stalk you throughout the store. The place is always well maintained, clean and nicely staged. The products are, of course, wonderfully indulgent as at all the locations, but this one is a bit smaller and more friendly. I go out of my way to come here as opposed to Fashion Square or Tempe Mktplace. There is always a sale or coupon to be had and hand washing station is stocked with the latest seasonal offerings. Love this place.
1	Wouldn't honor an in store coupon that I left at home that they told me they knew was valid, then informed me they couldn't take an online coupon that I presented on my phone from a reputable coupon site. Suggested I make my purchases then return with my receipt and coupon to receive my discount.Thanks for making things convenient. I'll do my shopping online from now.
4	Ok. I had a bad day. The store is still super, clean, well organized, run by friendly and helpful staff and chock full of wonderful smelling products. I love the sales on seasonal products and the candles in this place are incredible. Great deals on signature products and hand soaps for days. Make sure to try out the new merchandise at the sink set up before you leave!
1	I always wondered why this store was never busy and always had items in stock the other stores do not.  I finally know why, it's because of the tall indian girl who works there and has NO people skills at all.  Every time I go to this store she makes me sorry I spent my money at a store that has such horrible customer service.  She should not be working with the public and is losing this company's customers every day she does.  I will not return to this or any other Bath & Body Works.  It overpriced fragrances and is probably bad for your skin instead of helping it.  I'll buy REAL lotions in the future.
