4	Great restaurant. This is a charming little bring your own wine restaurant with fantastic food at very reasonable prices. I've been to this restaurant about 30 times, and I've never been disappointed. The food is good and the service is great too. I only wish I could give it 4 1/2 stars.
5	This place is serving food that is orgasmic. The quality and dishes are wonderful. It was here I first tried beef tartar and it was amazing... Full of flavor!! I actually craved it afterwards. I've also tried the duck risotto, veal, crab cakes... The list goes on and on. It's right down the street, BYOW and great quality?? What more can I ask for? A DEFINITE "must go" if you're in the area!!
5	This little charming BYOW had the best food I have ever tasted. I recommended this place to all of my friends who want to impress their first date. Service is great, and it's not that expensive for the quality of the food.
1	We had an extra $20 added to out bill for nothing and the food is mediocre.
5	All the dishes we had were outstanding. The highlights included the scallop and blood sausage appetizer, potato soup, salmon tartar, crispy veal and smoked cheese, along with the chocolate mousse. In addition our servers were friendly, knowledgeable and on top of things. A sensational neighborhood restaurant!
4	Everything was delicious.  My taste buds were popping with flavours.  Excellent service.  Only hic, we were crammed like sardines but the food made up for it.  Highly recommend!
1	So I went to this BYOW for my birthday..... And I was never served so horribly in my life. It all started when I asked for croutons for my tartare, the server said they didn't have enough bread and that's why they didn't give us much while we were waiting. I told them that tartare without croutons is not very good, they didn't care, after arguing they brought back plain bread. I asked if it could be toasted or put in the oven on broil to make them crispy. The server started yelling at me but them came back with some weird toasted bread..... After everyone was done eating their plate. I said I'm sorry but it's kinda too late.... I was never screamed like that in my whole life by anyone. My friends started getting into it and both servers were screaming and insulting me and my friends. Note that the manager was not there on a busy Saturday night. They didn't even wanna bring a piece of cake for my birthday but my sister argued with them and they finally did but charge her 9$ for the slice of cake. I can't believe they charged my plate which I didn't touch, plus the slice of cake and they never apologize or threw in something to make up for the way they treated me..... All my friends felt so bad for me cause it was my birthday..... I am never ever going there and so are all 15 of my friends that where attending my birthday supper.
