4	Very friendly and great service.
1	Don't get me I love sport clips. It's my favorite hair cut place. But when we came to this one the manager was very rude and had an unpleasent attitude. I gave it one star for my last visit.
5	Quality haircut and low prices.  ESPN is always on and plenty of good reading material.  Free water and/or soda.  Nice loyalty program (averages to a few bucks off over the duration of multiple cuts).
5	I've been going here for about 5 years and I have had some really nice cuts over that time.  The place is clean and the workers here are really nice and listen to what you want.  They also keep records of  how they have cut your hair in the past so you don't have to remember exactly which number of cut you like.  I also think the prices are very good considering how well they cut my hair, it's definitely not just some super cuts place where your hair grows out funky in a couple of weeks.  The only negative in my mind is that I had some great people who worked here over the years who went on to another Sport Clips since they have quite a few in Phoenix.  Other than that I'm a going to continue to be a regular here because it's reasonable, fast, and I like the atmosphere.
5	I love this place. Every time I come in I have a different hair stylist and all of them always exceed my expectations. I love how they keep my hair cut logged into their system so I don have to explain what I want every time  I come visit. All the ladies are friendly and they all do a great job. It keeps me coming back
1	I've gotten some nice haircuts at this place, or at least decent.  Last time I used my credit card to pay and they had trouble getting it to go through.  The girl kept running it over and over,  then eventually rebooted their system and ran it again.  This took about as long as the cut.  Later I see on my statement that I was double billed.  I have talked with them in person and on the phone a few times, but I still have not gotten the extra charge reversed.  It's not worth my time anymore.If you go there you will probably like your haircut, but bring cash.
5	Today was the first time I've ever been to a sports clips and it won't be my last. I think I found a new favorite place to get a hair cut. They were fast, friendly, and most importantly, did a great job with the hair cut. Since it was my first time there they hooked me up with the works and I might get that the next time. The massage and shampoo was top notch.
5	......
2	They took ten minutes trying to find me in the data base while I was sitting in the Barber chair. I kept telling them that all I wanted was a simple haircut. I finally got up and left. They are more concerned with technology than what they are really there for, which is to CUT HAIR!
4	This location does well with kids and they are quick doing the cut. Wait times can get long but just aim to go during off hours and it shouldn't be a problem.
2	My husband has been to this location a few times now. I have never been, but each time he comes home, he is slightly unhappy with the cut, but after a week of hair growth, it looks fine. This last trip might possibly be the last time he goes. He was sitting in the chair and felt a pinch on his neck and then a, "That was a good one!" from the stylist. She literally popped a zit on his neck with her fingers... gross and then talked about how good that was! I cannot believe that a random stranger would do that to a client of hers. Just be aware, if you go, make sure every blemish is hidden! I feel like she may have crossed the line just a bit...
