3	I could find some things I wanted.  Maybe it was the busy Saturday that I was there but I when I would find something I liked it was always in the wrong size.  I came out with a bottle of shampoo and that was it.  I may try it again at a later time if I'm in the area.
4	There's nothing wrong with this Marshall's. Everything was pretty well laid out with sections for shoes, men's, women's, kid's and housewares. Why anyone would buy a toaster from Marshall's, I do not know.But the clothing seemed to be well organized and everything that I pulled off the rack to try on (I need a new pair of Dockers for work) was tagged properly with size tags that matched. Even better, I managed to spot a nice bargain that was only $12. Well done!The dressing rooms are clearly slanted towards women shoppers with only one stall for men. Most dudes don't try on stuff, I suppose.Paying for the merchandise was a pleasant experience but only because I caught the line when there was no one else there. I've shopped other Marshall's before when I had to wait more than fifteen minutes to pay. Not so today. Good work and for that, a fourth star!
5	So, if you haven't read any of my reviews before, I'm going to go ahead and let you know that I am possibly one of the biggest fans of shopping in the Eastern time zone... I am really about to geek out on this, so I just thought it would be fair to give a warning...OMIGOSH!  How many ways can I say that I love this particular Marshall's?  Let's just get to it here... First of all, I love the organization of the store... I also ran across associates who were literally going through the rack and making sure the items were hung appropriately...  Do you know how annoying it is to try picking up a shirt only to find other hangers somehow attached together in some irritating jumble of hard plastic? Drives me nuts... I found some absolutely enchanting dresses and tops for a few weddings coming up this summer and headed to the fitting rooms... I am about to lose it again just thinking about the dressing rooms... First of all, they give you actual true lighting INSIDE the dressing room... You're not sure if you like that dress on?  Now you don't have to walk out into the main area to check in the big mirrors down the hall... It was the best addition to a fitting room ever... They have a rack that looks like a sideways ivy trellis to hold all of your choices before you try them AND three separate hooks to distinguish your choices after you've tried them... Hilariously enough, they are definitely, possibly and tomorrow... I love that nope isn't even an option... lolThe clearance was marked correctly and found in the accompanying sections of the store... I straight racked up on all sorts of gorgeous skivvies and apparel... I was very happy with all my deals... Love it!
4	Well after visiting 3 Marshalls and a TJ Maxx within two days this one wins for friendliness and customer service. We visited an hour before they closed last night and as soon as we walked in the door they had a greeter standing there to welcome us. And it was a genuine greeting, not like the sad WalMart one. As I walked through even the manager smiled and asked how I was doing tonight! That has never happened in my years of visiting Marshalls! Even during the checkout just before they closed the cashier was laughing with us and joking around. Seriously the happiest Marshalls in town!Oh and yeah the selection there rocked as usual.
3	I am the occasional Marshall's shopper and it is always exciting to find some stuff in the store (depending on the day you go).  The prices are just right, but sometimes the stores seem like they were hit by a hurricane.  Must have something to do with people rifling through all their stuff looking for the best bargains.This Marshall's at Rivergate is a standard Marshall's.  Relatively clean, I was able to find what I was looking for in the Men's department without any issues.  I do like their register:  "[robotic voice] Register 3 is now open" system... makes for a clean and easy check out experience with the exception of them funneling you through a row of shelves with a bunch of impulse buys on them.Not a big fan of the parking lot, but the prime spaces are the handicap spaces and then everyone else jockying for position to do the least amount of walking to the building.
