3	This review covers three visits. I took an old bike in to get new tires, tubes, and the chain oiled, they told me it would be $70 and sent me on my way. This may or may not be the right cost for this, I honestly have no idea. I went back to pick up my bike they gave me my bike, took my money and sent me on my way. I wanted cruiser tires on my bike, I got off road tires. My biggest issue is I was never consulted, asked how I use the bike etc. The bike was also returned with the front tire rubbing the frame, and the wheel is not true. (the wheel is not there fault this bike has been sitting outside for many years) Though I would like to be informed about the wheel and presented options as to how to deal with it. I took the bike back in, they fixed the rubbing tire quickly and helped me with a couple other issues including putting new grips on etc. This experience was great. So, the question is why do I get great service when I spend half the money?
5	I had expected to get the ole smug  "what do you expect kid?  Your bike sucks!" look when I brought my $125 Target bike into this shop.  I also arrived 1/2 hour before close, so I had expected to just drop it off and get an estimate the following day.  Instead the guy just grabbed my bike put it up on a rack and went to work, no smug glance, nothing.10 minutes, a little oil and a few adjustments later and he told me to take it out back and see how it rides.  It worked great, I returned to settle up, and he said "your good, no charge".  WTF!?!With that kind of service ... you surely deserve the 5 stars.
4	Mostly I go here because it's the closest real bike shop to where I live.Still... the people who work there are all bike enthusiasts and are a wealth of knowledge. Their prices are typical for a LBS (local bike shop) IE a couple bucks more than online.On the upside, you receive your goodies right away and the level of service is good.Just today I bought some new Maxxis Hookworm tires at Landis, came home, put them on.... went out to hit some local street riding spots, busted some air.... and mashed up my back rim. Sigh! :) I was hoping to get a night ride in.
4	I bought my new bike, "Rupert" here fairly recently ( I name inanimate objects...sorry) along with some accessories. I showed up about a half an hour before close and when I mentioned it the guy said "no worries, take your time". I already had a pretty good idea of what I was looking for, a fairly basic commuter / hybrid that I could still take on some pretty decent "distance" rides. I never felt rushed to choose. He brought out a couple of different cycles for me to test ride. I even tried out a cruiser that I knew I wasn't going to purchase, just for fun. Once I settled on what I wanted the rest was quick and painless. He even helped me load the damn thing into my vehicle without asking if I needed help. (I did) *mental note... purchase a trunk rack*  I came in about a week or so later to buy some lights and he remembered me and even gave me a discount because I had made the purchase such a short time prior. I will certainly continue to give Landis my business.....and I will certainly continue to give names to objects. Very good experience.
5	For Valentine's day I bought my gentleman friend a banged up vintage road bike. Romantic, no? I'm a little leary of bike shop guys...Like Dave B. mentioned, I'm used to getting the sort of smug, hard-core cycling enthusiast attitude from local bike shops, but these guys were anything but smug. They were very straightforward and honest about whwat needed to be fixed, and the price on the repairs was definitely fair. It was obvious that they enjoy what they do, which is awesome. Even better, they helped me unload the bike when I brought it in, and then loaded the unwieldy metal beast into the backseat of my car again when I picked it up. I'll definitely continue to take my deteriorating vintage bikes in when they need to be serviced.
4	I got my super cute pink cruiser from some little Asian guy's storage rental in California a couple years ago.  It's a cheap but great bike.  After realizing how convenient it is, my husband wanted a bike too.  He wanted a similar style to mine, but obviously a men's version.  We set out to look for one and the first place we stopped was Landis.  We certainly didn't buy a bike from here considering the crazy prices that you can charge for cruiser bikes these days, but we did enjoy browsing here.  They have a huge selection of all kinds of bikes.  The price range starts a bit higher than say, Target's bikes, but I'm sure the quality is amped up here.  The staff all seemed very friendly and helpful here, but I don't have a lot of experience.  This definitely seems like a great place for bike enthusiasts to go and talk to people who actually know their stuff.
1	Just had my bike tuned up, paid $45, and the tires are almost flat.  Seems like they should check the tires for a tune up, its not like they have to change the spark plugs.  Don't go here!
4	After a very frustrating bike shopping experience I went over to Landis to see what kind of selection and customer service they offered.  I stopped by on a Saturday morning and met Rob who spent the next 45 minutes going over bicycles and options with me. When I gave him my budget he directed me to a Trek 7100 and went over the details and differences between a WSD and men's bike. Then we went out back and I rode the bike, which was slightly embarrassing, seeing as how I'm a total spaz. He didn't laugh though, and watched me ride with an expert's eye to my positioning so he could tell me about adjustments and bike customization. I tried out two different sizes of the Trek and went through a number of seat adjustments before we decided which would be the best fit. I felt really good about it and when we went back in he happily put together an invoice for me with all the bicycle accessories which he went over one by one in depth as well. Rob also spoke to the owner and was able to throw in the heavy duty tubes and slime for free for me, as well as a water bottle and cage. The total came within my budget, which really sealed the deal. We talked about servicing the bike and the changes I would notice in it in the first month or so of riding it and he said I could come in for my bike's "90 day check up" for free. I came back on Monday to pay for the bike and ride it home (six whole miles!) and while Rob wasn't there, another employee very helpfully went over all of my details again, told me about service options, answered more questions I'd come up with and in general was another nice bike guy I'll be glad to see when I come in for tune ups. The only problem with Landis is that I don't live closer and the ride home was terrifying. I will load it onto a bus when I have to go back, for SURE. I've been riding every day since I got it (4 days ago) and think I made the best possible decision. Thanks again to Landis for all the help and attention with my first bike purchase!
5	Norm R. posted a review for Rio Salado Habitat Restoration Area & sent it to me, so I went & checked it out.  (Here I am living 1/2 mile from the river & I had never been down there from the 7th Ave. or Central bridges!)  I  liked it, but missed having a bike right now to really explore the long trails.  I mentioned this to another friend, who told me he had an old beater mountain bike with two leaky tires & a broken derailleur in storage that I could use if I wanted to fix it.  So I went & got the bike & took it into Landis because of the favorable ratings here.  The first plus was that they were open Sunday, which I appreciated.Inside, friendly technician Jeff waited on me immediately & gave me choices in how to solve the flat tire problem.  I settled in on  in on new regular tubes filled with stop-leak in case I get a punctures from tumbleweed stickers.  He gave me an reasonable $37 price for fixing the tires & the derailleur, & an exact time when I could pick up.My bike was ready on time, the cost was exactly what I was quoted, & it rides like brand new.  100% performance here!
4	I like this location more than the one on Scottsdale Rd. I feel like the employees here are far more friendly and conscious of their customer's needs, and they run a good business all the while. Good pricing on everything here, knowledgeable staff, easy location, (though the ghetto apartments just west of it aren't so inviting) this place is a nice local business.
5	These guys know their bikes. When I walked in, all I knew was that I was bikeless and wanted to fix that. They did, of course, but they also taught me the ways of the pedal. You see, the folks at Landis have been biking a long time. They could name which kind of tire you have in a blind taste test. They told me which bike I'd be getting as soon as I walked through the door. They were right. They always are. I wanted a Trek Eco that wasn't quite done being built. The employee (he shall remain nameless, but he has long hair and looks as if he's surfed more than once) not only offered to hold it for me, but he told me to go eat a burrito while he finished it. He also told me where to eat said burrito.When I returned, the bike was not only ready, but he had also adjusted the seat to fit me. He never got closer than 20 feet to me previously. But he knew how tall I was. They know everything.To top it off, they gave me the bike under the MSRP, because they rule. Landis sells high-end brands, but they give them to you at a fair price. I've been back for tune-ups and maintenance since, and I recommend them every time someone says they're looking for a bike. Go now!
5	I agree with the other posts.  GREAT customer service, knowledgeable and helpful staff.  I LOVE that they are close!
5	Gem of a Mom and Pop's little bike shop on the corner. Nice selection of higher end cruisers and accessories by Electra and more professional brands like Trek and Gary Fisher for the serious cyclist. While their selection of tires and other bike parts can be somewhat limited, it's their willingness to help and outstanding customer service is what keeps me coming back. Besides, Landis will order you any part they don't happen to have in stock. They know bikes like the back of their hand, and will fix yours for a fair price too. They do good work, and they do it with a smile.
5	The very best bike shop I've ever been to. They are so attentive, competent and friendly. I bought my last road bike here... and they were so helpful with helping me choose the right bike for me. After listening, the guy recommended a bike that was less expensive than other bikes I was considering!They also sell reasonably priced cycling jerseys, socks and other items that are typically way overpriced at other shops. All in all, it is a great shop. Also, they're open on Sundays. :)If I lived in Phoenix, this shop on W. Indian School Road would be the ONLY place I would go for my cycling needs.
5	I was bike touring through the Southwestern US and needed some parts and repairs in Phoenix. They hooked me up with great service and low prices and even through me some free stuff for the road. Wayne was very friendly, got me in and out very quickly, and did an excellent job with my bike. It has been riding smoothly ever since. Landis has helped make my bike touring experience pleasant. I totally recomend this shop to others.
4	I like Landis.  I bought a bike here almost a decade ago and it lasted me through four years of abuse and violence on the streets of Phoenix.Every time I go, I experience the following:1) Good, polite, patient service!  Patience is huge for me--I'm not a quick shopper, and I don't know a ton about bikes.  Other shops seem to think that this indicates that they shouldn't treat you nicely.  Landis' employees seem to think this indicates that they should give you extra time and attention if you want it.  And they also leave you alone if you indicate you just want to browse.2) Decent prices on equipment.  Okay prices on bikes.3) Good selection of equipment!  They had a Greenfield Stabilizer in stock.  I'm happy.  This isn't a common kickstand to just walk in and pick up.I bought a new bike at a competitor because I had a budget crunch and I had the worst bike shopping experience of my life.  Lesson learned.  Landis is my LBS home from now on.EDIT:  Kristi D.'s review also indicates that they treat people with patience and respect.  I'm glad to see this!
5	It is not often that I give a place a second chance, but it does happen and I am glad that it happened with Landis. After my rather scathing review I received a message from them, the contents of which shall remain between me and them. I thought it was so above and beyond to personally respond to my review that with a little nervous trepidation I took a bike I needed the bottom bracket removed from in. Well they just lived up to every positive review on here about them. The mechanics were friendly to me, pulled the bottom bracket and hooked me up with a bike box that I needed to ship a frame. It was a great experience and they can definitely expect me in there again and soon.
1	I was in here replacing a stolen wheel. While I was waiting for my tire to be fitted to my new wheel an older native american couple came in. The dude at the counter, who was not busy in the least, was so obviously annoyed by their presence and incredibly rude and dismissive of them, even after they made a $100 purchase of lights and incidentals. Hey guess what, those annoying uncool commuter bicyclists are your bread and butter. My experience was quite different, probably because I am a white male of hipster age. I received great service, even if the price of tire installed was a little gougey. Yes, I just made up the word gougey. I would recommend a different bike shop, if the others in the area were any better. Your mileage may vary.
5	Best shop in town. These guys rock. Always super nice and always have what I need. All of the guys ride which is a big plus.
2	Took my bike for work on the front derailleur & grips replacement.  I didn't do a test ride until I brought it home, & now the REAR derailleur downshift lever is hard to depress, & the new grips were installed with the brand names, which should point forward, both pointing wrong & very different from each other. Amateurish work!     :-O
4	After being disappointed by my last experience here (see yesterday's 2-Star update), I whipped back up there today with the bike, to gripe.  The technician corrected the 2 problems to my satisfaction with a good attitude & even replaced a worn cable at no charge, so I'm back to being a fan of Landis Cyclery!     :-))
5	Helped me adjust my bike and gave me advice to reduce pain on my back and knees.  Invaluable help as I cross the country San Diego to Washington DC.  Great people and great service!
1	I used to go into this location as a kid, and i loved it. everyone was so nice to me and wouldnt hesitate to offer suggestions to help me improve. one time, they talked me out of buying a new kickstand for my mountain bike because they said it might fall. but more recently, i feel very ripped off every time i go to landis. I was charged 40 bucks for them to install a bike computer(the mounting was already in place) and it took them ten minutes and three zip ties. and even more recently, i went in for brake work, and they said they were going to do an entire brake job and they were going to replace all of the brake cable housings. when i got it back, i realized that they had only replaced two of them, but bumped up to cost of each so it was still the same ammount of money. it is sad that this place is now about profit versus genuine customer service, and for that reason, i will be taking my bike elsewhere, (slippery pig, etc)
5	Our son recommended this place to us.  So today we took our bikes in to leave them for tuneups.  To our amazement we got to take our bikes back home with us.  They did some minor adjustments and sent us on our way for $8, when they could have kept our bikes and charged us for the tuneups when we came back.  They are very efficient, friendly and honest.  They took care of us right away.We will recommend this place to all our family and friends.
4	I was immediately approached when i arrived at the store and they asked me if i needed any help in particular. I said no i was just browsing and they told me to come ask them if i need help with anything... the usual customer service thing.There was great selection here at the store, a wide variety of types of bikes you got the a small selection of cruiser and hipster bikes. a pretty solid option for hybrids and commuters. large selections for road, cyclocross, tri, mtb (dh and xc). I purchased a new seat when i was there, very fair pricing, not sure about their in shop/labor pricing didn't ask because it is way too far for me to bring my bike to just for some work. The workers are very knowledgeable in their stuff as i heard them talking to other people who needed specific help with things.I enjoyed this store, not as big of a selection for bars as i thought, seat selection is small but priced well. They have lots of bontrager and trek brand stuff there, so if you love those brands head on over.They have lots of information about races and riding information on their brochure stand.
1	I went into this place yesterday.  I walked in and the guy at the counter couldn't even bother to lift up his head, then he mumbles "what can I do for you".  I tell him I was looking to get my handlebars raised as they aren't comfortable.  He says nothing.  I then ask if that's possible and he looks and says "nope, you'll need a whole new stem".  I ask him if he thought it was worth it and he says "it's up to you".  Nothing else.  No advice, no close look and no explanation.  I ask him what it would cost.  This guy looked so hassled.  After getting up and looking at the bike he then explains why the one I have can't be extended.  He then goes to the back and comes back with two parts, an extender and a stem.  He puts some info in the computer and says it would be about $60 + some labor.  I asked if I had any other options, if there were any other stems he knew of that could help that may be more affordable and all got was a "nope". I sat there considering for a moment and asked when it could be done.  He says not until next Tuesday.  I made an appointment but decided to look around a bit more at some other shops.  I took my bike to the Slippery Pig on central.  Talk about a different world all together. Much more laid back and friendly.  I was welcomed as I walked in and directed to the back of the store.  I was told I would likely have to order a new stem but it was fairly inexpensive.  I was told to go to the counter and I would be helped as I approached the guy from the back ran back up front and said they do in fact haf the stem in stock.  Cost $19.99.  Labor $12.  Less than half price!  The guy at Landis couldn't even offer me any alternatives or suggestions.  I'm new to riding and using my bike to commute to work so I imagine i'll be using the Slippery PIg quite a bit.  Think about that.....HALF THE PRICE.
5	I have been in the valley for 22 years and about 10 years ago bought my first bike from Landis. Remembering back then they did a great job and was very happy with that bike for years!Over the past year I have been on a  bike buying frenzy and Landis has been my go to experts. One of those bikes had some manufacture issues, with no fault to Landis but just wasn't designed or made correctly. After a simple email the Bob Landis, Tim the manager and the great staff at Landis on 7th ave they rallied around their customer and worked with the bike builder to make it right. And made it right is what happened. These guys and gals are the perfect example of how customer service works and how a business owner like Bob and Dick Landis instill this type of value in their team.If you EVER have a need for anything bike related I would HIGHLY recommend Landis Cyclery. Brook Margraves, Phoenix Arizona
5	We are really lucky to live so close to this place.These guys are great.  Very friendly, very knowledgeable, and their prices are fair.We went in shortly after moving into the neighborhood, we have two fairly new beach cruisers, my back tire was a little wobbly, and my husband needed a light.  They looked over both of our bikes and let us know what they needed, aired up the tires, and set up an appointment to true up my back tire, it was done on time and for a good price.They also upgraded my husbands bike light for a better one, really nice of them.
5	My fiance took his bike in for a "check-up" as it was a bit rusty, and the tires were oh-so-questionable. Upon telling some of his biking enthusiast friends he was taking his bike in he was warned to "not let them make you feel bad about your bike", because allegedly bike shops can be somewhat snobbish. This was not the case at Landis Cyclery.The people here are friendly, helpful, and don't try to oversell you. Incredibly, they threw in a free bike tire because they noticed the tread was a little low and put on new handlebars - all without an extra charge. The bike was spruced up to tip-top shape in no time at all. Excellent service and worth your while.
5	Good shop with lots of gear and good people working there.
5	Last year, after having a less than stellar experience with another downtown bike shop, I brought a friends bike into the Landis bike shop on Indian School and 7th Ave. The bike had a bent part that did not seem repairable and even the guys at Landis were not sure they could fix it without it breaking, however they decided they would try and see what they could do. Not only did they fix it but they cleaned up the gears and when filling the tire (which were pretty worn) the tire burst so they gave me a new tube and tire and charged only $10 for the repair. Even thought I was 100% sure the burst tire was because it was old and brittle they would not let me pay anything toward the replacement. The way I see it they may have lost a few bucks on that transaction, but they have gained me as a customer for life.Howie M.
4	Been there for parts and they had lots in stock. Good prices too. The tech knew his stuff and knew exactly what I needed and even told me how to do the work myself.The shop is way cool with lots of bikes and accessories. The most awe inspiring feature, other than the 100 year location, is the interior artwork. I was told it was done by a young reformed "grafitti artist" who turned his tallents towards niceness rather than evil. Beautiful artwork indeed.Only lost one star cuz Trek bikes just don't do it for me and no Specialized bikes at all.
1	10% Off to the disabled brothers who had their bikes stolen!!!!? who originally spent $1100 for bikes they could hardly afford. Wow! how generous of you!!! If  the bike business in Scottsdale is as  lucrative as I  think it is from reading your reviews, then a 10% discount offer is a slap in the face to those disabled folk in our area!!!Thank God a GOOD SAMARITAN came forward to buy two new bikes for the brothers!Your business might have gained 'The Human Seal of Approval' had you extended a more substantial solution!!! Good Luck in your business...you won't have my business, that's for sure!!!! Shame on you Landis!!!
4	I've been to a few bicycle shops and the Landis at the Indian School location just seems like they're the professionals.  With no need to be pushy, or shady in dealings.  They have a rack full of misc. items on clearance: forks, oil, chains, helmets, all sorts of various parts.They also have a good lineup of bicycles and all the other gear that goes with bicycling.The protection equipment I picked up was the exact same price as the internet price.  I'll go to them for tune ups, truing, etc...  I've dealt with bad bicycle shops and unknowing employees before - when it comes to bicycles - it is best to stick with the people that know and that are knowledgeable.
4	Just bought a cruiser so I can run the roads and I hit a few bike shops before I made my decision. These guys are priced as good or better than anywhere else that I tried, and the team there was super nice and helpful. I think that the guy who owns it also works there, whether he was or not the guys were super friendly and very well informed. Cars, bikes, and electronics are something that I need the guy who is selling it to me to know much more about than me and not make me feel like he is using his knowledge to sell me more than I need and that was the feeling I got from these guys.
4	I love my guys at this bike shop.  super knowlegeable and bright funny dudes.   always a killer clearance rack
1	I went to this place a couple days ago to have my kids flats fix.  The guy at the front seemed nice and professional (at the beginning) one I approach him with my request, he stopped me and ask me "did you put fix-a-flat in the tires". I explain to him that my kids had in fact added some into the tires for a quick fix. He then said, "get these things out of here!!! I will not touch them or let any of my staff work on your bikes" I asked him why. He said that "fix-a-flat" was EXTREMELY toxic and will burn trough his clothes and his hands if he was to touch it.  After a few more minutes of trying to understand the bull shit this guy was telling me, he grabbed one of the bikes and took it outside him self. Very disappointed and I will never recommend anyone to go here for any kind of reason. Save the haste and drive the extra 10minutes to the BIKE BARN, 36th st and Indian School rd.
5	After having a horrible experience at The Bike Barn I was on yelp searching for a new place for my bike restoration needs. I'm new to the bicycling community and bike building. Jeremy one of the guys at Landis was totally helpful and took the time to help us get all the right parts that the pervious shop I went to sold to us incorrectly. Only place I'll go for my parts!
5	Hands down the best place in town for your bikes. The mechanics are excellent and they are always willing to help you out with anything you need.
5	The guys are Landis are total pros and very nice! They fix your bike in a jiffy and don't try to sell you anything you don't need. Whether you are an experienced cyclist or more of a novice like me, they will talk you through your problem patiently and have you out of the shop faster than you thought possible--and for a reasonable price.The manager is very friendly and happy to offer advice on good Phoenix bike routes. The young guy in the Atlanta Braves hat is extremely quick and efficient. The older gentleman is very nice and capable but a bit slower.
1	Took my girlfriend in to buy a bike here.  While the purchase was smooth, we also decided to upgrade some of the components while we were there.  Both items were paid for but had to be ordered.  The guys ended up only delivering on one of the items and then gave us the run around every time we called on the second item.  Won't be back in...
5	I walked into Landis with the intent to buy a PurFix and that's exactly what I did. They didn't have the model I wanted on the sales floor, but they had it in stock in the back warehouse. One of the guys put it together for me and made some adjustments after I rode it around out back. I'm fairly new to the fixie life and he gave me some great beginner tips! So helpful and an overall amazing experience. Will definitely be going back to them.
5	Took my wife's department store bike in for a gear adjustment this morning - they  made some simple adjustments and lubed it up and I was good to go - no charge.  Of course I'll be back!
5	I first visited Landis Cyclery on Indian school to purchase a hard to find Shimano hydraulic brake set.  They had it in stock and we're very helpful.  I returned a second time for a pair of cycle shoes and the staff was again very helpful and knowledgable about the different products.Each time I have visited the store, I have noticed they are always busy.  The customers all seem happy in the store and it did not appear that people were mulling around to be helped.  Finally the prices are reasonable and they have a good selection of both mountain and road bike parts.Highly recommended.
1	After all the positive reviews of this place, plus my partner recommending it, I thought I would stop in at 2:15p on a Tuesday.  20 minutes or so later nobody has so much as asked me what I needed.  I guess I'll just take my money and business somewhere else to buy myself a new bike.  It's a shame; I saw some floor models I liked too.
4	Lost the nut holding my front brake in place. Made a quick trip to Landis. The service was fast and friendly. They even had to cut the nut to size. In the end it only cost me a couple of bucks.As a freebie, they adjusted my brakes. Very good experience. Will return.
5	I bought both my mtb and road bike here four years ago. Since then I've visited Landis innumerable times in order to have work done on my mtb. These guys are efficient, courteous, assiduous, and reliable. They know I want to RIDE NOW and so one of the mechanics drops everything and starts repairing my mtb: no questions asked!Their prices are fair and they give me  discounts for my regular (more like religious) patronage, patience, and contentment. Furthermore, this shop has  high volume clientele and it shows: bikes are always being worked on!So, in short, bring your business here. I've had great rapport with these bike geeks and I'm happy with them. My dream 29er upgrade will be purchased here; once I get the money!
5	I stopped into Landis a few months ago to get a quote on how much it would cost to get my girlfriend's cruiser up and running after sitting for 2 years in a garage (it was not purchased from Landis). They quoted me less than another nearby shop, then when they looked the bike over they advised me that it didn't need as much service as they had estimated (tires were fine, just needed tubes) so the final cost came in at nearly half of what they quoted. They also finished it a day early from when it was scheduled to be completed. Thanks guys! :)
4	They have a great selection of cruisers and road bikes to check out in the shop, along with all of the gear you could ask for. I think the shop is more geared towards serious cyclers who want to go fast - way more racing and cycling gear than fixie/cruiser stuff. We ended up getting a big purchase - a new water bottle holder for my husbands bike. Ha! But, they were incredibly helpful and great to visit with, very positive associates and overall a good trip.
5	On July 26 2014 I went into landis cycle for the first time to purchase a bike. I had not been b on a bike since I was a child.    Mr Rob Holden assisted me by asking a few questions about what type of bike I was v interested in and my price range.   We both decided on the  Trek 7.5.  Great commuter bike for riding around town. Mr Rob Holden then measured me for the correct size bike was even given a class on changing gears which I didn't think even important in bike riding.  The new bike was ordered and I picked it up a few days later.   Landis cycle has your old grandfather's garage feel about it as you walk in. Very reminiscent of child hood days of bike riding.    Since purchasing my bike Yes I have had the dreaded flat tires.  On different occasions I took my bike in the same day and the repairs were done right away with hardly any wait time.   I love this place and highly recommend this place of you want a great new bike of you liking along with fast and  efficient service. Tim Ferguson repaired my second flat in no time.  I was  in and out in a jiffy. I also want to thank Mr.  Wayne Ashley for making me laugh everytime I visit.  To all the crew at Landis Cyclery/ 712 W. Indian school Road in Phoenix AZIZ. Thanks a lot.  I look forward to going continued business with you.Tim FergusonRob HoldenWayne AshleyFrom a satisfied customerMaurice E Footrail.
2	My experience at Landis last weekend was far less than stellar.  Their customer service is very questionable, and they refused to fix my cruiser...until AFTER I had tipped one of the guys there for looking at it.  Let me give you the whole story...On Saturday morning I called in at 9:04 AM (four minutes after they opened) and explained that I had a bike cruise later that afternoon and my bike needed just a little love after a past wreck - the front wheel wobbled.  The guy on the phone expressed that they do not schedule repairs for Saturdays because it is so busy, and that if I wanted to have my bike looked at I'd have to schedule for Monday through Friday.  Since the cruise was that day, I asked if they would be able to just take a look at it and repair if it's not a huge issue...because Monday would be far too late....and that I don't mind waiting a while, if they could fit it in between helping customers.  The guy (Tim? Tom?) agreed, said sure, bring it in.  So I did...After arriving at the store 20 minutes later, a different guy came out of the back to talk to me.  His name was Eric and he gave me the whole speech again, told me how there's no way they could look at it today. I explained that the guy on the phone told me he would try to fit in in and told me to come down, or I wouldn't have.  After about 20 minutes of listening to him scold me about Saturday repairs, he finally agreed to put my bike on the "table" and look at it.  I thanked him profusely, gave them my phone number, and left.Half an hour later I"m at breakfast with my friend and I get a text saying there is an issue with the fork and they cannot fix my bike for liability reasons.  So I go into the store after breakfast and talk with Eric.  He says they didn't get any further on my bike than noticing that the fork is bent, and that they cannot work on it...and that they CANNOT fix it.  I asked a couple different ways.  This is my $50 craigslist cruiser, and while it was a cheapy, I've had it for a couple years and I'm attached to it.  I asked what I could do with it.  "Throw it away.  We sell cruisers starting at $249." Bummed out, I thanked him for at least looking at my bike.  They didn't charge me anything since they didn't actually do anything, so I tipped the guy $10.  "At least I can buy you lunch."As I'm wheeling my bike out of the store, a guy calls from the back "We could order the fork."  What??  So my bike CAN be fixed??  Another guy comes out and measures the fork, tells the other guy what needs to be ordered.  They both say they can order the piece and it will be there in a week.  Eric is already off in another part of the store, ignoring me after having driven off any hopes of sales from me.  So this other guy says he will order the part. In retrospect, here is my issue.  Every conversation I had with them was wrought with discomfort.  The first guy told me to throw my bike away, did not AT ALL care for my business (I guess because it was just a repair on what he considered a junk cruiser?  I don't know...) and they ONLY offered to help me AFTER I gave them money.  I called back 20 minutes later and told them not to bother ordering the part.  I'd like to go somewhere with my bike that actually appreciates me as a customer.
4	They helped me with a special order of Shimano cycling shoes that I was unable to find at other local stores. (I have small feet.) Plus the salesperson installed my SPD clips for me! Generally friendly service and I would recommend this shop to others. Parking is easier behind the store.
5	After calling 8 medical supply companies nobody had a fucking tube. We drove by Landis and thought what's the worst that could happen? The guy working came out and said he could take care of it for me, he filled my tire with goo and fit the new tube abd aired it up for me. Thanks for the help and how quickly we were in and out. I'll definitely head here for any bike or tire needs.
