5	The Pavilion Cafe is the only cafe located squarely in the Meadows. Their seating is mostly outside, where a variety of colourfully clashing chairs and tables are ordered randomly in front of the cafe, giving it a homely quirky look. If it's warm out, rest assured that there is no better place to grab a bite when you're out on a sunny day.They serve mezze plates that come with a variety of freshly prepared salads, dips and warm pita bread alongside a selection of carefully prepared wraps and paninis, all made from local, organic produce. The staff are always friendly, and alongside their lunch meals, all under a fiver, they have homemade cakes procured from a variety of local bakers, freshly ground Zapatista coffee, an assortment of teas and organic fizzy drinks. If you're out with family, the cafe provides a mishmash of children's toys to play with, so you can lounge and enjoy your food and drink (or join them). Because of its location, the cafe is mostly open from spring, through the summer and into mid-autumn and its opening hours are often subject to the whims of the weather. During summer nights, they've been known to show films on makeshift screens, sometimes to the accompaniment of live music. In other words, the Pavilion is more than just a place to get a bite, but a place to spend the day, the night, or sometimes even the whole summer.
4	Good food, good people, good music says the sandwich board outside this cafe. They are right on all three counts and should add a fourth- good location. The main selling point for me is that it is slap bang in the middle of the meadows and while sipping on your coffee and tucking into a cake you can watch the world go by. I often come here on Saturday or Sunday mornings, if the weather is warm enough it's good to sit outside and blow the hangover cobwebs away. Watching all the sport that goes on in the meadows at the weekend you can almost convince yourself it looks fun... 'maybe I'll go for a run this week' you'll tell yourself only to find yourself in the same place next time with a muffin and a coffee and no nearer to kicking a ball or a going for a run. It's good to dream though!
5	I love this place! Absolute bliss on a summers day when The Meadows is bustling and you're in search of some juice or a snack. It has a really laid back vibe and fits in with the park great. This place has the following;-Relaxed atmosphere-Great selection of light bites all very healthy and whenever I've been I usually go for a crisp, fresh salad.-Reasonable prices-Great outdoor seating to enjoy to summer sun. ...and no pressure to hurry up and leave.The only downside is that it's so popular, especially on sunny days so you might have to queue for a while.
5	This place is special. I have no idea why except to say it has a really "good vibe" but here, I'll set the scene for you:I am pretty sure that one day I will be old. And as an old lady I hope to have a very deep voice, long, crazy hair and wear flowy skirts and ethnic jewelry and I'll be very zen. I might even be one of those ladies that burns incense and sage all over my house and tells people that they have an old soul. But before that I will be a hippie mother. I will worry about the quality of the food I am giving to my children. They will eat seeds and organic fruit for snacks and drink soy and never say politically incorrect things (like their mother hahahah). They will play noncompetitive sports, wear hemp and I will have had a water birth with a midwife in my home - with sage burning again for a good vibe. This may or may not be true for my future.Still, when I go to Pavilion Cafe I see my future unfolding like this as I sip on a soy milk latte eating an amazing bowl of veggie minestrone soup with maybe the best bread I've had in a LONG time. It's just so. so... chill. The hodge podge of chairs and books and stools outside give me the feeling that if I owned a farm in Western Massachusetts (the posh part) this is how my children would grow up. My children would rifle through all my old records and pull out old gems (they have old records for sale here) and I would know that I had raised my little hippie kids right. I love it here.
