1	The short version: Dan tried to get out of having to do any work for us, tried to transfer the blame to causes out of the company's control, was condescending and then left quickly without any of the expected/appropriate follow-up measures such as documentation of the call or next steps. The long version: First, this is the 6th (maybe 7th) time in the last year that we have had to call somebody out to fix our heating/cooling system. Three times throughout last summer... in Phoenix... while I was in the third trimester of a pregnancy. To be fair, the first of those summer calls was with another company. This time, the "heater" was blowing cold air. The individual who responded to this service call was Dan. He looked at the outsides of both the interior and exterior unit (did not open either) and told me nothing "appeared" to be wrong. (You mean besides the heater cooling my house?)When I pressed further, he tried to blame it on simply needing to be serviced. I pointed out that his company had "fixed" the problem only 3 months prior and if it needs to be serviced already, there must be something else wrong. I told him that the unit was technically not big enough for the square footage of our house, he said, "Yeah, it may not be the bestl, but if it's 110 outside, it should be able to keep your house at 80-81." I told him that unfortunately, the low 80s don't really cut it with a baby, and besides, we're talking about heating not cooling.He then condescendingly proceeded to tell me that my concern for keeping my 8-month old son in a relatively well heated/cooled environment was unfounded. He based this opinion on the fact that millions of children survive around the world in adverse climates despite having heating/AC units. "I mean, in Africa..." I'm sorry, Dan, but thankfully we are not in Africa and while I feel for the poor babies who live in such environments, it does not mean I should be any less concerned for my own child's safety and comfort. Throughout the last year, I have been forced to learn quite a bit about our unit. I respectfully asked a number of questions to make sure that Dan was being thorough, which apparently intimidated him. He found two parts that he said needed to be replaced, said that the "other guy, Glenn" who we have worked with before, would be back out next week to replace the parts. He left as quickly as he could after mumbling some excuse for why there was no point in looking at the other unit and without leaving me any sort of documentation for the visit. Finally, he did not clean the coolant off of the concrete that spilled out while he was messing with the valves. I have 3 dogs. Thankfully, I noticed so that I could block the dogs from it, but I would have expected that to be part of being thorough. I won't even go into detail about the not so aesthetically pleasing job they did previously replacing the internal unit (see picture attached). All that lovely black gunk everywhere should really help our resale value don't ya think?
5	Our ac went out today Memorial Day and with my wife pregnant 28 weeks, sensible air was a life saver.   Larry was our tech, he was friendly, and he knew exactly why our ac was blowing hot air.   Two hours later he fixed the problem and tonight we sleep comfortably.   Our home warranty uses this company - I recommend them they know what they're doing.
3	UPDATE:  The technician was scheduled to arrive between 5 and 8 PM, three days after the call to the warranty company.  He arrived at 6:30 and got right to work, diagnosed and repaired the problem.  Good thing I had outside lighting, it was dark before he finished around 8 PM -- and left for his last remaining call of the day!  In the end the unit was fixed and Sensible Air and the warranty company both fulfilled the letter of their obligation, so I'm satisfied with that.  But initial communications need to be better: no client wants to be left hanging wondering when they'll hear from you, even if it is your busiest season and you're backed up until midnight.Rating upped by one star, from "Meh" to "A-OK."  Satisfied, not delighted.ORIGINAL:Just because one service call was OK doesn't mean the next one will be.We have multiple A/C units and a home warranty.  In May, one unit failed and the warranty company sent out Sensible Air, who responded in a reasonable time and the tech spent time both on the ground with the compressor and in the attic with the air handler to get it fixed.  I was fully satisfied with the service.Now a second unit is out. I placed a call to the warranty company on Sunday just before 1pm, with assurance that Sensible Air would call "within 24 hours."  By 8pm Monday I'd heard nothing, so called the warranty company who said they'd have Sensible call me first thing Tuesday.  I heard nothing, so called Sensible Air and after validating my work order ("What warranty company was that with?") was told I'm scheduled for service between 5 and 8 pm on Wednesday.  A call back to the warranty company got the comment "We can put you with another contractor, but they might not be able to get to you any sooner."TO SENSIBLE AIR:  I understand you're a small business and that you may be overwhelmed with work orders from your multiple warranty companies due to Sunday's heavy storm.  But you are a *service* business and as such have an obligation to communicate with clients. When my warranty company says you'll call, I expect a call even if you have to stay past your usual quitting time to make it.
