4	New, about 30 they have been here. Located on St. Rose Pkwy Just above Eastern.    so new the fish tank they have , has water and coral but no colorful little fish.                       So, they say first impressions are everything....                         Well, the gentleman that was working the desk/computer/front operations.. wasn't the most friendly..    Standard basic oil change $39.95, but I knew I saw a Groupon for $15, OH YEA!! but... it didn't include the cleaning like there regular priced oil change does. He said you can add it for 19.95, Really? why isn't that part of the package.. ?    Then he proceeds to tell me I have a 45 minute wait. I had a scheduled appointment... I walked in at 4, left at 5.   He just had an attitude, that I would recommend to not have with people that are planning to spend money in your shop. That is keeping you busy.                         The mechanic nice man from Guam. Very Friendly. I asked him if certain points Butwere checked... tires roatated.. battery check etc. Says yes.. all is good. You just need Struts, all four. they quoted me $1300.00, that the parts, labor and the Alignment. OUCH!!!    rip off... Im myself am able to buy the parts for about $400. ... Alignment was $99... That's a lot of $$MULAH$$ for labor. I've decided to go else where.  Asked him again if my battery was okay because I was having prior issues. He said Yes it BRAND NEW!!!       (now this isn't my car so I didn't know when it was purchased) The Next day Tuesday 5th of February my car, doesn't start, not even turn over, no lights will turn on.. So I Charge my battery that evening and take it to Autozone where they do a Free Check and Its completely dead.. Fantastic..$115 dollars later I have a new battery. and backtracking... to the front operations man..I needed a quote for the Struts/Shocks.. He was friendly at that point. and said we can get you in right now. uhmm sorry fellah but ive got to think about that one. as women men think that they can over charge us. no way. but my oil got changed and is running good. ! :)
5	Vince was very professional & courteous.  I would definitely consider coming back & spread the word about this Midas Location.
3	Newer location located next to Home Goods and Lowes I bought a Groupon for 3 Oil changes with tire rotation etc. i think it was like 40 bucks which is a good deal due to the fact a regular oil change is forty bucks. I highly recommend making an appointment and it will go longer than an hour. I think the waiting area is nice and clean and seems like they only got two guys working. The only problem is they need to expediate an oil change doesnt take an hour++. Remind them to put the oil change sticker on window Also I have noticed when getting oil changes places do not want to rotate persist on doing this!! They dont try to over kill it on selling stuff to you like some other places do. They seem fair and a good place I would go back when I want to take at least an hour to shop at Home Goods!
4	This location has been open for a year but I didn't know it  .was there. Had my battery replaced this morning. A little pricy but the service was excellent.Pete Mc Knight, manager, was very honest and friendly.I like it that they open at 7:30 in the morning. When it's time I will try them for some of the other services they offer. i.e. oil change, etc.  NOTE: Effective 6/28/2014 they are changing ownership. Pete is being let go.So I have no idea what the service will be like. A real bummer....
4	I love Midas service! I only didn't like the fact that I waited nearly over an hour for the mechanics to go grab a part, but the manager also gave me a 10% discount for waiting for so long. They give excellent service and warranties and their prices are decent - look for groupons or coupons online, and try to make an appointment before you go. Go here if possible instead of Jiffy Lube - that is for certain!
5	Went today for an oil change. Was greeted by Phil the manager. Very nice, knowledgeable manager. I used a coupon that included a free inspection with the oil change for $17.99. I wanted to know how my brakes were since I've had my car for 8 years and never replaced brake pads. He said it would be completed in an hour, so I went shopping at Home Goods and had lunch at Jimmy Johns. I like this Midas location because it is in walking distance to these shops. I came back in an hour and Phil updated me on everything. He was very honest and said my brakes were at 50%. I mentioned I was told by Meineke my struts were leaking and if he could check those while the car was on the lift. He brought me out and showed me where they were leaking. I like the fact that he didn't give me the runaround because I'm a woman. He understood I'm interested in how my car is working and took the time to explain and show me the struts. He typed up a very reasonable quote for a brake fluid flush and strut replacement. Their prices are cheaper than Meineke. Because of Phil's wonderful customer service, this is my new go-to place to take my car. The waiting area is very comfortable, unlike Jiffy Lube where I usually go, and end up paying double the amount for an oil change.
4	After walking out of Firestone I ended up coming here for a battery.  Super friendly check in with about a 2 minute wait (you could learn from this Firestone).Lobby was comfortable and clean and I was the only one there. so while he went out to change my battery he gave me the TV remote (Firestone could learn from this also).I'm thinking I overpaid for the battery - they charged labor - I don't remember anyone anywhere ever charging me for labor before on a battery.  I wasn't in the mood to attempt a third place and they were so much more welcoming and so much faster than Firestone I just paid it.He also ran a battery check for me and showed me the print out stating that it was indeed dead.  Said he wanted to make sure they weren't charging for a battery that didn't really need to be replaced.   Other than the cost I was very happy with the service.  I was out the door in less time than it would have taken Firestone to even take my personal info.
1	Beware! to this place on your major car repair, they over charge you If you don't know much about it.Always get a second opinion.
5	Got the Groupon for the A/C system service, and Peter was able to fit my vehicle in right away. After having my vehicle was serviced, I then had my husband's A/C system serviced. Peter was personable, knowledgeable, and courteous. I appreciated his ability to fit both of our vehicles in on the same day without an appointment. The cost to have both vehicles A/C systems serviced was $120 and I couldn't be happier with the outcome. Both A/C systems work well and blow cold once again! Thank you to an honest and hard working shop!
5	Amazing service! I really lucked out finding this shop. They recently changed ownership of this location, and the difference is palpable.  Great people who not only tell you what's going on, they'll show you. I highly recommend this place. This service I haven't seen in a long time. I'm being honest.
5	One of the best car repair experiences I've had.  My brakes were replaced without any pushing for additional work.  I was shown the worn parts and was given a complete explanation of the work that would be done.  They did their best to keep the costs down and even gave me a discount that I had forgotten to ask for.  The bottom line is that they are honest and trustworthy and that's really saying something in the car repair business.  I wouldn't hesitate to bring my future repair needs to them.
5	I have been going down the street to Discount Tire on Pecos (Rip Off's) to get mine and my wife's oil service done since we recently moved to the Seven Hills area.First they quoted me a laughable $800 for a water pump they said was leaking. It was, but had it replaced for half else ware. Next visit they told me I needed new brakes, pads were worn, so I decided to go down the street to Midas.I had stopped in earlier in the week to get a weld done on my exhaust heat shied, that's when I met Alex the new owner. Alex was a straight up guy from the get go. His permits weren't in for his welder so he sent me to the other Midas who fixed it for $50.I wanted to give him another shot, gut feeling! Alex and his boys did an inspection of my brakes and told me they were fine, still had 50% left. They cleaned them up, put the wheels back on and sent me on my way....no charge!!!Guess who gets all mine and my wife's business moving forward!!!!!Thanks Alex
5	Eric and his staff at Midas are a class act.  Honest, respectable, competent.  The dealer tried to rape me on unnecessary repairs, and Eric not only helped me to save money, but did so with good humor and humility.  And the counter is an aquarium, so there's that.
5	I have had my oil changed here and they are always so nice and efficient.I received a free oil change from my car's dealership plus I had a recall on the car that had to be taken care of.  After changing the oil and fixing the issue with the recall, the guy at the dealership said that my brakes were so bad that it was dangerous to drive, also, the rotor was in really bad shape and needed replacing.  He then said that my car was gushing oil and that the engine mantel was broken.  He gave me a huge number to replace everything.  My brakes weren't even squeaking and I have a small oil leak which I have had for years.  Never have I seen a huge puddle of oil. I left the dealership and went straight to Midas.I talked with Eric and explained what I was just told at the dealership.  Eric is super nice and said that they would change my brakes and rotor and give me a quote on the rest.  I left my car there with complete confidence in the team.  Eric called me a couple of hours later and said that there was nothing wrong with my car!  He would love to change the brakes but I still have approximately ten thousand miles on them and nothing is wrong with my rotor.  I picked up my car and thanked him for his honesty.If you are looking for some place where they are honest and do good work, this is the place for you.  I highly recommend them.
5	My car would not pass smog and I'm wary of taking my car to most shops.  I usually do most of the work myself on my old' 93 Nissan pickup.  It's a classic car to me and I don't just trust it with anyone, but in this instance, I was busy with work and just didn't have the time, so I took it to Midas and spoke with Eric.  He was very professional and assured me they'd take care of it.  After replacing a small part and giving it a tune up, it still didn't pass smog but Eric and Midas didn't give up on fixing the problem and did not make excuses.  As a matter of fact, after bringing it back in, they went above and beyond my expected level of service and made sure I was happy.I can't speak for all Midas' in the area, but this shop definitely took their time and made sure the problem was fixed right, all without charging me another dime.It's refreshing to find an honest shop with a strong work ethic.  This is definitely a place I'm going to take my truck back to in the future.
1	I booked at an appointment on Mon for Weds, due to the great reviews. I called them today, Weds, to confirm my appointment, I had never heard of a place needing to be booked via appts. He said his server was down and he never got in my request for the appt. Well then.
