4	I remember growing up when this place was called the Phoenix and was a roller blading rink.  Though it's a nightclub now, it also has a restaurant which serves pretty decent food.  I was with a group with one guy who comes by frequently for dinner.  Given that it is normally a nightclub it was unexpectedly good.  The meal came to $22 including tip for myself.  I had the pad thai with the serving size of about almost 2 baseballs which was pretty good.  I liked the level of spice but from experience I know that a lot of people might find it a bit too spicy.  It was decent and I liked their take on it - with just chicken and tofu. The entrees in general range from $15-30 and others ordered and were pretty pleased with tempura halibut with an accompanying sweet and sour sauce and pizzas that appeared reasonably large.   The ambiance was pretty good with the music getting louder though not too loud as the night went on.  The nice thing about this location is that the parking lot is massive if you're coming for dinner and you don't have to worry about parking.  I'd definitely feel comfortable in recommending it.
4	I have to say the food at the Flying dog was incredible however the atmosphere was a little off...but I am considering the fact that this place is considered a night club and we arrived for dinner at 7:00pm so I suppose that was a little early. We were not overly thrilled with the seating as we had called in advance to reserve a booth and it was a velvet wrapped cushion that seemed to have pillow soft filling so your bottom simply sinks right down the the wood. I can honestly say it was the most uncomfortable I've ever been in a restaurant but when the food came out it was Amazing, I forgot about the painful seating entirely. They had a special meal offered when we were there for Perogies and they were quite possibly the best thing I have ever eaten. We also had French Onion Soup to start which was delicious and someone at the table had a Tempura Halibut which was also amazing. The server was extremely nice and efficient. All in All I would recommend The Flying Dog and I will definitely go back again.
4	I have been a regular at The Dog for a few years; since I moved to the neighbourhood.  It is pretty much the closest restaurant to where I live.  The other night is the first time I have been there since joining Yelp, so I thought I better do a review.We went with another couple and sat in a large booth in the front section, which was quite comfortable and the atmosphere was nice.  I must admit that my visitations are in a bit of a rut ... Wednesday is half-price pasta night!  And as usual, the four of us had pasta.  I have been there on other nights and tried other dishes, but I keep coming back for the pasta, which I think makes me a cheapskate.  (but I do tip based on the full price.)  The place is huge so I never need a reservation for an early arrival (6:00ish).The pastas come in two sizes - appetizer and entree for $9 and $17, respectively. There are 5 pastas to choose from. I had the pepper steak fusilli, and my 3 companions all had the chicken bonconcinni. Offerings change occasionally, but there is also usually a sea-food,  a PadThai and another.The portions are generous and I have never been disappointed.  The drinks are a bit expensive (wine $9 a glass, beer $8) but factor in the complementary  bread (always 4 different styles, all wonderful) and the half-price pasta, and Wednesday is a very economical evening out.Desserts, should you have room, are somewhat of a disappointment, with cheesecake being over-represented.  But for a special occasion, they have a chocolate souffle for 2, made to order that is spectacular.  (Ordering it requires 30 minutes, so plan well in advance.)
