3	I don't really understand. I've been on the hunt for wood for a while, planks, panels, whatever... and everyone I talk to plays this place up like it's the bees knees. Like if Tim-the-Tool-Man-Taylor and Bob Villa of This Old House had a baby, Restore would be it. It's ok, it's certainly better than digging through a junk yard off the Beltline. But everything is from 1970-something, and although there are suggestions in the store about how to take ancient brass and turn it in to something modern, the place is super dated. You know how to take brass and make it current? Grab a hammer and a glass case, bash the ish out of it and put it on display at MMoCA. Art! In all seriousness though, I suppose if you're looking for MDF or doorknobs, this place can't be beat. And they do great stuff for the community, so it's hard to knock them too much. It's like kicking a puppy. A puppy that went outta style years ago. So a beagle. #sorrysnoops
5	One of the many reasons I was excited to buy a house was so I would finally have a need for the great deals at the Restore. There is a big variety here (not everything is from the 70's, as one reviewer stated) and there are items to fit every budget. Recently we purchased a chandelier for $45 and saw it at Menards for $140 and a ceiling fan for $15 and saw it at Home Depot for $150. Both are in like-new condition and are modern styles. Our toilet paper holder? $1 at the Restore, $19 at Home Depot. I sprayed it with some oil rubbed bronze paint, and it's perfect. We redid our bathroom floor with two brand new boxes of Norwegian wood laminate for $8. Currently I'm watching the cabinets - which range from 15-piece older sets with some wear for $475 to brand new high-end 20-piece sets with fancy hardware for $2000. Like any good thrift store, the key is to stop by on a regular basis. Most of our curtain rods and hardware are from here, but we purchased them bit by bit over several weeks. Add some high-quality spray paint and you've got nice quality sets, that look like new, and cost very little.
