5	Amazing!!!!! Clean, well organized, great prices, convenient location & super nice owners! I'll be back! ;)
5	So far two thumbs up! Decided to go find a new beauty supply. I came in to buy some gel polish for my mom, they had the colors that my mom wanted and they had them in stock. The manager was nice enough to help find specific gel polish colors I needed. Would definitely come back and recommend to all my friends and family members to buy their nail supplies here!
5	Sorry I have to write a review for this, but I am not able to find the hours this location is open. Does anyone have that information???  :)  Thank you in advance!
1	I've been here about two or three times. Once when they first opened up and had almost no product (I didn't want to base the review from that because it's understandable). I then visited two more times after that. I was really excited to have a store on this side of town because driving to the east side is a pain! However, now I regret this store being here. Each time I came in I didn't get a hello, or a gesture to help me find something. The only time I was ever addressed is when I rested a hand on their counter/display case! I was told not to touch it. I'm sorry... but what?! When have you ever gone to a jewelry store and they told you not to touch the glass? Not only that, but when I would ask to see a wig, I wasn't allowed to feel the hair. I carry wipes and sanitizer in my purse at all times, so I was thoroughly offended when she said I would make it dirty. Maybe offer sanitation? The people I talked to, except for one girl, also looked at me blankly whenever I spoke to them. Why, you ask? Because they didn't speak English. I watched them ring up a customer by snatching her product from her hands, ringing it up, telling her the total, and completed the sale without making eye contact. She was AA, and I felt they may have a race issue since I was treated as such. I'm Asian, White, and AA, so they dropped the ball there by jumping the gun. They only have Asian employees, and they weren't knowledgeable about the hair I questioned them on. When you travel to BSS locations on the east side, they are Asian owned and AA operated because they KNOW THE PRODUCT. I would suggest hiring some AA employees if you want to expand your business to the people that shop at these stores most. I will not be coming back here. I will use the extra gas for businesses that appreciate ALL customers.
3	First, I am VERY happy to have a beauty supply store on this side of town. Sally's is fine, but they are usually small, expensive, and don't have many things that I might need. On the plus side, this place is very clean, and the prices are fair, which I appreciate. On the negative side, the aisles aren't labeled, so it was hard to find what I needed (or if they even had it), and no one offered to help. I eventually did find what I came for, but it seems like they have less selection than some of the other beauty supply stores in Las Vegas.
5	@Breeanna im the  young  lady that helped you. i came to  help you out of the kindness of my heart. I do hair  that  is my job hair.  The  2 " on " men i was flirting with were together as a couple. They  were looking for wigs. I stopped helping them to help you. I showed you the clip in Extensions that we offered ,and it is true  i couldn't  match  your hair with  our extentions you  then stated I'm not about to  spend 400 on no hair i said i do. Basically I was just saying that you get what you pay for. Then you said you were going to sally's I saw you looking through your phone for sally's location's so i offered you  a close location  across the street .sorry if you felt disrespected.
