2	Adjacent to Luby's, and the clientele isn't any younger.  Location overlooks two petite man made lakes, one fo the west and one to the south.  Bar has a pure sports bar feel, with flat panel TV's and loads of Miller Lite logoed Nascar cardboard cut outs.  Beer on draft is more American sports bar too, from memory: Bud Light, Miller Lite, Anheusier Busch Amber Bock, and then two lonely German taps of Paulaner Munich Lager & Oktoberfest.Very short/limited menu, and rather average tasting food.  Seems to be a local bar for retired folks since everyone seemed to know everyone's name as they entered the bar, and the bartender served each of their differing drinks without having to ask them what they wanted.I know it says "New German Cuisine" but I was hoping for a more German feel overall, rather than what looks like any other Nascar decorated, MIller Lite serving sports bar (that happens to serve a limited menu of German food).
4	We wanted German food this evening, and we found it!  Yes, their clientele is mostly older folks from Sun City and Sun City West, but do not let this detract from the fact that when the plate arrives, you would swear you are in Germany in a nice village somewhere sitting down for a wonderful meal.This will be a repeat for us!!
5	The food is Very Authentic and Very Affordable.This is not a rocking place with a younger crowd drinking Jaeger and Spaten.  However, if you are looking for GREAT, AUTHENTIC German food at GREAT prices, this is your place!
3	Been meaning to come here.  Parking lot is always full when I drive by.  Arrived at 645p on Friday Oct23 and had to park next door.  A polka band was playing in the main dining room.  We ate on the patio which has a smoking section to the south.  Service was a bit slow, food was OK more authentic than some.  A few choices for German beers on draft, the Paulaner Munich is the middle of the road if you don't like a bitter beer.  Mostly Sun City crowd which isn't always a bad thing.
4	We know very little about German food...but we do know we really enjoyed our meal last night with friends who are very particular about what they eat...we were not rushed..the server, Kathy H. was very patient in explaining the menu, and the owner stopped by the table to be sure we were satisified...I happily recommend this place..it's casual, friendly and the food is realllly good.
5	I took my husband there to celebrate his birthday, the food was delicious and the atmosphere was quiet and pleasant.  The portions were huge and we were stuffed.  We were there kind of late and the owner/chef came out after we had been served and asked us how are meal was.  We learned that he had just moved to the States from Germany less than a year ago, I don't think you can get much more authentic than that.  As for the comments about it being a bar feel, I guess they went to the bar because the dining room is a huge dining room with only tables and thousands of photos/postcards/posters from Germany all over the walls.  I will definitely go there again
3	This restaurant is pretty good.  It's not the best German food I've had, but it's definitely better than what I can make at home!  The decor looks like a traditional old German grandmother's house, but feels comfortable and relaxing.  Plus as an added bonus they usually play some crazy up-beat German/polka techo music that can't help but make you giddy and want to bounce in your seat to the beat.  The waitress we had was a middle-aged woman who made fun of the owner behind his back, which was both entertaining and annoying at times.  She did a good job of taking care of us though.  The owner is an older German man and he is always smiling and making sure everything is ok, so I liked that he took pride in his business and knows how to treat his customers well.    The hot German potato salad totally won me over though.  It is the perfect balance of salty bacon and sour vinegar over creamy thin-sliced warm potatoes.  The black forest cake is also heavenly so I'll definitely be a repeat customer here.
5	Awesome food!!!Environment could do a little boost, and the decor, but thats the last thing I look at when the food is as good as that was.
2	I'm from Chicago (area) and a German family so we've been to our share of German places.  I love rouladen and order it very often.  The one thing that stood out about this dish was the thick, salty, obviously packaged gravy.  It ruined the whole plate.  You can see the high gloss of the gravy in the picture.  The owner came around and he is German, he should be making this from scratch.  Shortcuts are going to make the dish (and the visit) not worth it.  This may be the best German place in this area, but not the best I've experienced.  On the flip side, it is nice to see something different in an area full of chain restaurants.
3	I was excited to see a German Restaurant close(r) to where we live and even more excited to see the Chef was from Germany. The food was very hit or miss. The potato dumplings were good, but they ran out and when they brought out some fresh ones, they were undercooked. The rouladen was a bit dry, but seasoned appropriately. I think maybe I just got one that was sitting for a while. The soup was delicious and the portions were appropriate. I'll probably go back, but I definately prefer Haus Murphy's in Glendale. We'll give the Hof another year or so to settle in and try again.
3	Dinner time came and some friends of ours called and invited my wife and I out to eat with them at the Bayrischer Hof New German Restaurant. I have been to Germany several times but I do not claim to be any expert on their food. I have been on a kick of trying something new when I go out. I had the Rinderroulade. This is sliced beef warped around a pickle and bacon. Came with mash potato dumplings, red cabbage. The beef was sitting on a brown gravy. This is the first time I have ever had any of these items. So I don't know how it is supposed to taste. Did I like what I had? Yes!! Very tasty. Everyone ordered something different. When I looked up everyone had finished their meals.  Plates were clean. The lady that served us was Alex. She is from Germany and was very helpful in ordering the food. I make no claim to speak German and had to have help in pronouncing the names on the menu. Did  I like the food? It was good. Even though I have never had red cabbage I found it was not bad at all. I had never had beef or potatoes fixed this way and again they were very good. There was no food left on my plate except a piece of garnish. Would I go back? Yes I want to go back and try something else on the menu. As I said I am into trying things I have never had. They have plenty of dishes I have never tried.Service was good. Waitress was very helpful and at the end of the meal she told us to be sure to come back and bring more friends. If you are in the mood for something different give them a try.
5	Loved this restaurant. loved everything about it. food was fantastic and authentic, wait staff super friendly, and they are very accommodating. you can choose any meat on the menu and pick whatever sides you want. it doesn't matter what they are suppose to come with. a very authentic german menu. I had some lightly breaded pork dinner. fantastic.i don't even know what it was because it had some long name i can't remember but wow was it good.  it comes with a homemade mushroom gravy. the MUSHROOM GRAVY is a must have. they even brought a large side for free. the potato pancakes huge and delicious. i hate german potato salad. my son had a side of german potato salad that was again, another large side dish. it was sooooo good, warm, and i don't know what they did to it, but man was it good. nothing like the cheap imitations i've had that i can't stand. great experience. will definitely go back over and over. they are on restaurant.com and you can often get $25 gift certificates for $2.
1	Very disappointed, especially after all the positive reviews.Avoid Sundays in October. If they've had a busy weekend, you may find, as we did, that their out of stock status is catastrophic. Our visit found no  more lamb, draft German beers dry but for two brands, bratwurst all gone, German potato salad all et up, whatever German wine it was that my wife ordered, out. Hell, they may as well have closed. If you order the liver dumpling soup, you'd better like liver! Very ...uh....flavorful, and way too salty. To say that the goulash soup reached Dinty Moore standards would be reaching. On the other hand, the Franconian wine soup was delicious!Entrees were adequate to mediocre. No one in our party went beyond 'blah' in their assessments. Perhaps all the really good stuff was gone. Service was adequate but amateurish. The waiter didn't seem too experienced. Nice guy, though; he certainly was trying hard, and was empathetic enough to seem embarrassed about the disasters in the kitchen and bar. Comp'd us a couple of desserts as compensation; decent of him, but that wasn't enough to make up for the shortcomings of the place. The best thing about the Bayrischer Hof, if you're jonesing for German cuisine,  is that the Haus Murphy isn't too terribly far away. It's much the better place.
5	Moved out here from Chicago. Was looking for a good German rest-aurant. By accident was driving down the road & happened to spot this one. Authentic German atmosphere. Made reservations & went there for Easter dinner. All of the food was excellent & the desserts were heavenly! I highly recommend this one to everybody!
5	I think the poor reviews about the kitchen running out of food had much to do with the owner saving money on keeping inventory low, a last ditch effort to save money before closing their doors. We much prefer Bayrischer over Haus Murphy for food and drink quality, as well as service. A real shame they closed.
5	Sad to see the economy took its toll on a great restaurant.   My hope is that the owner will return to the area in the future.
