4	Kinda scary how they were able to cut and program me a new key that bypassed the built in 'immobilizer' security system in my car but for 40 bucks it was a better deal then taking it to the Acura dealer and paying an assload.Also had them program me a remote that cost 40 bucks. This is seriously overpriced. would have been reasonable at 15-25 but 40?? and all he did was take an instruction sheet from a binder to do it...40 bucks...come on I BROUGHT IN THE REMOTE. other then that service was quick. was in and out in under half an hour
1	This is an unfortunate review to make.  I believe that Yelp has to tell the good and the bad equally.  I manage multiple apartments and am always having keys made.  I use multiple locksmiths but this one is the closest to a cluster of my apartments.Today I went in to have keys made and there was an honest mistake made by an employee.  He had cut the keys on the wrong blank.  Never before had such a thing been a big deal but the owner wanted me to pay for the mistake.  He seemed to understand that there was an innocent mistake made by his employee, but he still wanted me to pay for it. I will taking my business to a more reasonable company from now on.Its important to say that the shop absolutely REEKS of cigarettes, it's so bad I try to wait outside.
1	I called this shop because I work in the same complex as them and have used them over the years.  I went to work at a second job and needed keys  to a limo. They qouted.me $195 to rekey and program a 2 keys. The price was to include making and rechipping two keys and the service call. By the time the tech Joshua arrived, the keys were already found but we had him copy the key and make a valet key. He still charged the full price.I went down to the shop and five techs stood around dumb founded as I went off as to how furious I was that he didn't even have to rekey the ignition since we found the key and only copied and provided us with one chipped key and a slug key for $195. They had the nerve to tell me that was a discount and the second key was a courtesy only. I told them Liberty is far less than them and was dissapointed they did only part of the job and still charged full price as qouted.  They told me they would make me a key as long as I brought the limo to them as they needed the car there to reprogram the key. I called them out on a service call and would expect they come back out to finish the job they didn't finish since they won't refund anything. But of course they wont.They were not apologetic and customer service really sucked. Like the previous reviewer said. This place reeks of cigarettes. Who smokes inside a place of business nowdays?  I will NOT use them again. Save your money and go with a higher reviewed locksmith.
