4	This has great food and a laid back atmosphere. If you are in the mood for a burger and beer, check this place out. The Bluenami burger is one of the best I have ever had. The only reason this did not get the full five is for the reason you have to order fries additionally.
3	Adequate - it filled me up and was convenient to where I was at.I was going to give it two stars for "Meh, I've experienced better" but the wings were pretty good, so I upped a star.  The wings had a good sauce on them, vinegary and spicy, and they were crispy.  They could have been a little bigger and meatier. The burger I ordered was a little overwhelming in flavors, and I actually had to stop eating it before it was gone.  The burger itself was rather small for a restaurant burger, slightly bigger than a patty from In-n-Out.  The fries were real potatoes that were nice and crispy, but not outstanding.The atmosphere was pure chain, through and through.  The service was adequate but not exactly great.I wouldn't go out of my way to go back, but if it was convenient I wouldn't say no.
4	Islands... Something about the name in collaboration with the tropical sign that makes you feel like you are going to a wonderful amusement park for adults.  A place where you can relax on a beach with endless Mai Tais and feast on rotisserie style pig with pineapples.  Where dolphins spray you with mist from their little snorkel holes and Ariel gives you a lap dance. Okay, I probably took that a little too far, but you get the idea.As a matter of fact, the REAL Islands isn't much different than my fantasy restaurant in the Bahamas.  I mean, take away the dolphins, the pig, and the pornographic Disney character and you are right on the money!  Their drinks are marvelous and their burgers are insane!!! I mean psychiatric ward insane! You can take your 80 year old granny to Islands, and one bite of the Bluenami, and she will be ON the table doing the Arsenio Hall "Woo! Woo!"... It just does that to people.  That is why the LAST time I visited this place, I stayed FAR away from the burgers.I got the nachos.  I mean really, how can you go wrong with nachos? You can't, and believe me... Islands DELIVERED! It wasn't your typical 2 foot pile of tortilla chips with cheese and everything else.  It was a beautifully made craft of corn tortillas. The binding agent was an aromatic and delicious blend of cheeses that also cooled the palette from those commercial jalapenos.  It arrived with glistening globules of sour cream. The fresh stuff. I could have just stuck my spoon in it and eaten it all by itself. I didn't, of course... That would be nacho sacrilege!!! Olives, Beans, and Hot Sauce... enough said, right? I think so.The service was impeccable.  Aside from our waiter constantly calling me "Boss" and winking at my wife, it was perfection... I can't STAND to be called "Boss"... Seriously. No, really.
3	3 1/2 here.  Been here a few times but never left a review.  Look, Islands puts out a nice burger.  We get the big wave with cheese medium and the pipeline on wheat no cheese medium.  Comes with fries.  had a side salad too this time.  A coke and ice tea as well.  The server was very attentive today.  The burgers were super hot off the grill, which is what you like to see.  The pipeline is my favorite.  Chopped chili meat on a burger.  Just a nice thin layer for flavor.  Awesome.  I like in and out, johnny rockets, etc but Islands and the prime burger at the keg san tan are my favorites.
2	I was on a quest for a good turkey burger, it was my birthday and everyone partied the night before...everyone but myself was hungover so I had to wait until 4pm to get out of the house. my partner recommended this place. Walked right in and got seated right away.  Asked the server about the turkey burgers she said they were really good so I got one with lettuce onion and mustard. It was okay, a bit disappointing but I gave it a shot. Fries were bottomless but not great. Ordered the rusty nail cocktail which tasted like frozen ice with a dash of banana no kahlua and couldn't taste the rum. Not rushing back here anytime soon.
4	Great place to bring the kids.  Service is good and the ambiance is fun.  I LOVE the teriyaki veggie burger.  Yum!!  The kids meals are a great size.  My two littlest ones could easily share one meal.
3	Sunday Late Lunch.  -  ISLANDS is always reputable and they live up to their famous tag line "grillin' & chillin'".  I would definitely consider this more of a "burger joint" than a Hawaiian restaurant.   I may be bias since I used to live in Hawaii and had the pleasure of enjoying local island cuisine for many years.   The only thing Hawaiian about ISLANDS is the reproduction decor and the addition of pineapple & teriyaki items on the menu.   ISLANDS BURGERS seems a bit more "Southern Cali boy - who had a knack for naming his restaurant's burgers after the places that he visited in Hawaii"...which is pretty much how this restaurant was founded.  Do not read me wrong and confuse my love for authentic with the passion of a dream.  These burgers are NOT fast food.    You can rest asured that you will get a good, decently cooked, restaurant burger, and it is BIG.   Other items available on the menu include, soups, tacos, salads, ect.  Two people can easily split a burger, share an appetizer, and walk out stuffed full.   My favorite is probably the Kilauea Burger with avocado added.   It is a superb blend of spicy (jalepenos), creamy (avocado & ailoi), and crunchy (batter fried, thinly sliced red onion).   Suprisingly, my husband - who HATEs onion - loves this burger.    I think he enjoys it because the onions are mild in flavor and cut so thin they dont have the normal onion texture.  It is pure CRUNCH!    I always ask for extra chipotle aioli so that it drips from every corner of my mouth. mmmm.....   all burgers are served with an unlimited amount of fries.  The atmosphere is casual, family, booth seating, w/a separate bar area.  I would compare it to a Chili's with a tropical surfer vibe.    I enjoy this particular Islands location.  It is close to the Fiesta Mall but not on the main mall circle.   It gets crowded but you are not fighting all the riff raff of the cranky exhaused shoppers.  Bonus: Full bar with Blue Moon on tap.   Mixed drinks are good and strong.   Tuesdays - Kids Eat Free.
4	Went to Island's about a week ago. Started with the chips and guacamole; very fresh and tasty. Price of the guacamole was very reasonable given the size, and the salsa was good too. I ordered the Hawaiian burger and it was REALLY good. It was cooked exactly the way I ordered it (medium) and was very juicy. It was a bit messy, but I didn't really care. The fries were also tasty and now come with meals, which is nice. My only complaint was my own fault; I made the mistake of looking up the calores. Do yourself a favor, don't do that.
2	It's ok, quality . Service was below par, although they were really busy. Fries were good and endless I guess that's good.. But, I was looking for a good burger, too bad I didn't find it here.
