5	I rely on my computer for my profession. My fairly new (1.5 yo) computer was running really slowly and acting funny.  I knew I'd gotten a nasty virus a few months back but I thought i'd wiped that off.  Just to make sure everything was working I contacted Everything Just Works on a friend's recommendation,  to come take a look-see and make sure everything was kosher.  Erik, the owner was very accommodating to my schedule and came out the next day when it made sense for me.  He was very professional from the get-go.  He had me review & sign a legal doc explaining what he would do and/or would not do.   He discussed the situation with me, made an assessment, we reviewed some files on my computer and whether or not I used/needed them and then he went to work and did his magic.  Two swift hours later he left and my computer is purring like a kitten now!  Their pricing is VERY reasonable and I'd hire them again in a heartbeat.
5	Erik, the owner of Everything Just Works, is everything you could want from a computer repairman.  He accommodated my crazy schedule by meeting with me at 10pm at night.  He made sure that the parts we used were affordable, and even created a merchant account just to accommodate my preferred method of payment.  To top it off, Erik solved my laptop dilemma perfectly and at an extremely reasonable price. I will be personally recommending Erik to everyone I know in town for his personable, efficient service.
5	I discovered EJW on Yelp and made an appt with Eric as my computer was filled with nasty viruses which caused several operating systems to disappear.  Eric kept me informed of his progress and spent  much time identifying and eradicating the viruses and malware.  In the process, I learned alot from Eric about different antiviral programs - which ones really are good and which ones aren't.  The program I had obviously did not do the job it claimed.  I also learned about  various programs which I thought were safe to download which have "hidden" viruses that my antiviral software never detected.   He was able to eliminate all of the viruses and malware, restored my system, installed a new antivirus program and now my machine is as good as new. His fees are very reasonable and the coupon that Yelp offers for EJW saved me an additional  $25.  This guy is a genius and explains things clearly.  If you can't or don't want to spend $$$ for a new computer after other computer repair shops have either given up on trying to fix yours or want to sell you a new one  then give Eric a try. I'm glad I did.
5	I called Erik when I was concerned that my computer had spyware, viruses, etc.   We set up a home appointment and he arrived on time.   He was very knowledgeable and patient in answering all my myriad questions.   I have trust issues with anybody getting into my computer, but Erik put me at ease and proved to be a very good resource.   I highly recommend him.
