4	The former tenant was Blockbuster...which has since been renovated as a nice comfy clean Urgent Care PIus... sprained my wrist when I tripped and landed on on it while gardening. It was was quite swollen and painful, So I came in on a Friday morning at 9:30 am,,, and had to fill out the usual paperwork and paid my $50 deductible. There was one person getting treated and after 20 minutes, it was my turn.Suddenly lots of people came in... It could've been a long wait had I arrived an hour later.  Since it was 102 deg. outside, people seemed content waiting in an air conditioned place.The young Medical Assistant (MA) looked like he was one of the skateboarders on any city street..but he was actually quite professional and upbeat, asking questions about my injury and taking vitals quickly.  The doc came in, and said that an x ray was needed,  The MA was also the x ray tech and was quit good at explaining what I had to do.  It took no more than 10 min. for that.  He put a custom made splint on my wrist, explaining what he was doing and how to take care of it and my injury.   I kinda sweated waiting for results of the x ray. A fracture could mean a cat, surgery, and/or a long road.In 5 minutes...the doc came in and said the x rays showed no fractures.He prescribed Tramadol....though I may not use it.  Advil is fine. Overall this was a quick and easy experience.  Hope not to come back, but I would if I had to.
4	This was my 1st visit ever to an Urgent Care Extra office.  My daughter sprained her ankle and I needed a prescription for my asthma medicine.  When we got there, wow!.  There were only 4 people in the waiting room.  And by the way the decor in the waiting room was really nice.  Nice comfortable recliner looking chairs and single comfy chairs and a flat screen tv to watch while waiting.  Since this was our 1st visit, I had to fill out paperwork for both my daughter and I, that took about 10 mins or so.  Gave the paperwork to the girl at the front desk who by the way was very nice & courteous.  Before I went to this urgent care, I checked with my insurance online to make sure they were "in network" and they were.  And just know that if you are new, they do ask to keep your debit card on file so hopefully that doesnt come back to bite me later.  After turning in the paperwork, insurance card & debit card we waited for another 10-12 mins and then they called my daughter and I back.  The nurse that took us back was kinda judgemental, not straight out but she said a couple of things that could have been said to me in private and not in front of my 12 yr old daughter.  After the nurse took our blood pressure and answered some questions, she left the room and my daughter became upset and started to cry.  Anyway, we probably waited another 15+ mins before the Dr., well I believe he was a P.A., came in the office.  His name was Paul Mendenhall and I must say that he was a very courteous, professional and most of all my daughter felt comfortable with him, unlike the nurse who we would prefer not to see again and we did not during the rest of the visit.  I felt that Paul was knowledgeable, attentive and answered all of my questions.  He was able to confirm that my daughter only sprained her ankle, no fracture.  He had a different nurse wrap up my daughters foot and gave an Medical note for my daughter to stay out of school today and Monday.  And he was able to give me a prescription + 1 refill for my asthma medication.   So overall, except for that 1st nurse, our 1st experience at Urgent Care Extra - Ann Road, North Las Vegas was a very good experience and I will definately go here again if I had to.  But it does make me wonder, if they give good service like I had today, why is their lobby so empty?  There were only 2 people in the waiting room when we left.  I guess I will find out in a few months if I get a surprise bill or debit on my card...I hope not.  But for now, we had a great experience  (except for that dang nurse..lol)
4	long long wait even though they weren't very busy. the staff and doctor was very kind
5	In and out in about 15 min. Works for me because I'm busy. If you like chatty people then maybe this isn't for you. Don't get me wrong everyone was nice, just not much of a conversation with anyone. It was like they couldn't wait to get us out of there. Which like I said, I don't mind since I don't want to spend my weekend at the urgent care.
3	We waited about 2 hours today, but the ER's would have been worse, and this was cleaner! The front desk receptionist seemed short on her patience, but it was understandable. They were swamped, and in the end, she kept her professionalism and a smile. Sometimes that is all we can ask for. We actually met the doctor and he was extremely helpful and provided options for treatment and the pros and cons. That in itself is unheard of here in Vegas where doctors are swamped and the quality of care of poor. That does not seem to the the case here. Jose was also extremely helpful. He was the nurse that provided the care under PA- Mendenhall.  In relation, the nurse that took my partner's vitals was also very friendly and although was probably rushed, didn't let on that she was.Why three stars...the two hour wait and the iffy billing. Now we have to wait for our insurance company to see what we are going to pay.Would we come here again? Probably, because of the friendly staff.
