4	The only level 1 trauma center around, so let's hope medical liability insurance rates don't get any higher lest they lose the medical professionals who make the level 1 designation possible.  The hospital has comprehensive care and highly skilled nurses at this location, plus a wide variety of specialists, many at the adjacent professional building.  I worked here for five years, so it's hard to imagine my assessment doesn't contain bias, but it has a good reputation.
3	I have waited a few hours with chest pain here, but my last visit was perfectly fine.I just needed a few stitches, and I got in and out in about 45 minutes.  I think that the Emergency Room was just particularly slow that night.
4	I came into the ER while visiting Champaign from out of town. As someone with a lot of family in the medical field and having had worked in an ER for 5 years I was evaluating my experience on many levels. From registration, to treatment, to being discharged less than an hour elapsed. Fantastic!The layout of the ER confused me at first til I realized that they separate it into two sections, one for actual Emergencies/Traumas and one for lesser situations. The equipment was dated from what I saw on the lesser side. It definitely needs an update. Friendliness of the staff was hit or miss. The woman who registered/discharged me was very friendly and professional. Her two other coworkers were less than professional, often whispering to each other and joking about patients they registered. This is NOT appropriate. The PA (Physicians Assistant) who worked with me and treated me did a fantastic job and was very friendly. The Triage Nurse and other nursing staff seemed bored and didn't seem to want to be there. I also only spoke with the actual doctor for a whopping 5 seconds. The 4 stars is for speed and quality of care. But I debated giving them 3 for awhile due to the lack of customer service and professionalism that I observed. Carle hospital has a lot to do to improve their quality of care. Educating their staff on how to receive and address patients should be their top priority. Patients all want to feel that they are being taken seriously, no matter what their complaint and reason for being there is.
5	By far the best ER experience I have ever had. The staff were ( for the most part) very friendly, responsible, an knowledgeable. They let me know what to expect and how long I could expect to be there. In an area where consumers have a choice on where to receive services, Carle has set the bar high.
3	Waiting time: less than 10 minutes (check website before arrival); excellent, friendly, competent staff.  The room was like the arctic tundra.  It was so ridiculously, uncomfortably cold.
