5	I have been wearing glasses since I was eight months old...it's been a long time.  For several years now, I have been going to LensCrafters for my frames and lenses.  This location (at City North) is the newest one in the valley.  I was in yesterday to get my glasses adjusted.  the store was immaculent and the staff were friendly, curtious, and helpful.  They were both smiling and they let me look around with out coming over to bug me.I ended up buying some sunglasses while I was there.  I have not had prescription sunglasses in a long time.  Everything was clearly explained to me during the entire process.  They even hooked me up with a discount that I did not even know I could get.Overall, this was one of the best experiences I have ever had buying glasses.  However, not all LensCrafters are the same.  I don't live close to this location, I was just in the area, but for great service I'm willing to travel.if you need glasses, go see the staff at this LensCrafters!
1	I thought I had found a good store. Not the case. While the staff are generally helpful, the store manager, Zach, is an arrogant jerk. So much for "unconditional satisfaction".After several unsuccessful attempts finding lenses that suited me, I was informed that the 90 day warranty period starts only from the original purchase date, even though I stepped up to a more expensive set of lenses after returning the first set. The staff told me to "go try them for a while" with no warning that my warranty date was very soon to end. When I returned in three weeks to tell them I was not satisfied, my buddy Zach said "well, you can just buy another set of lenses". He made no attempt whatsoever to satisfy me as a customer, even though his staff repeatedly did. The best this little creep could do was say "it is not our responsibility to inform you of the warranty period".Stay away from this place until LensCrafters gets a clue and finds another manager.
1	Horrible eye exam! I would not choose this lens crafters for an eye exam...maybe frames but that is it. My eye exam with dilation was about 10 minutes total. There was absolutely nothing done, asked about or mentioned during the quick 10 minutes. I will never visit a place like this again for an exam.
5	I will only take my family to this location for their annual eye exam.  John normally greets us when we arrive and always has a smile on his face.  He never makes you wait for your appointment and always has your best interest -- definitely not pushy trying to sell expensive glasses or services like other eye exam places.   Dr. Benkel is absolutely wonderful and you can tell he likes his job.  We've been going here for years and will continue to go here because of John and Dr. Benkel.
5	This the best LensCrafters that I've visited and done business with by far.  The staff is kind and very knowledgeable.  Dr. Benkel is awesome, and has good availability.  John helped me pick out and fit the best pair of glasses. He was very patient and knew his stuff. I never felt pressured to buy anything more than I needed. They also finished them in less time than I expected. Will definitely go back for my next pair.
1	CAN'T KEEP THERE WORD...First time I tried LensCrafters and I'm totally disappointed.  Was told my glasses would be ready in one to two weeks.  Called them after three weeks to find out if they were ready. The order was not placed and I would have to wait longer.  Came back in two weeks, with loaners and was told they would be ready in 25 minutes.  Over an hour later, my glasses were ready, no one said sorry, no one tried to recover from there mistakes.  I won't be back, paid too much and promised delivery were not met twice.
1	I would not recommend this Lens Crafters.  Their doctor is unprofessional, their staff is unpleasant and their work product is sloppy. I brought in a pair of expensive ($500) frames to update the lenses...the lenses they put in were unevenly cut and my frames were damaged  I also decided to reorder my contact lenses through the internet (and not from Lens Crafters)....I also wanted to change the brand (not the prescription). The Lens Crafters "doctor" would not approve my order.  He sent a message through the staff advising he would not approve the change of brands/internet order unless I tried on a trial pair which they would provide in a week - that was a month ago. They have never received a trial pair and I have since run out of contact and cannot get an approval for an internet order (but I can have one for a store order...) so if you want to order your lenses from anyone else but Lens Crafters...they don't approve your order.  I do not recommend using this store although, other locations may offer a professional doctor and services. RD, MBA
2	Arrogant & Overpriced.  What more could you ask?
