4	This shop on the Royal Mile is dedicated to all things "Fringe" and if you're after any kind of memorabilia for this annual festival then this is the place. Even though The Fringe is only on in August, the Fringe Shop is open all year to get goodies.They stock various different t-shirts and hoodies in various designs and colours, but all with the Fringe logo. You will also find postcards and posters, so great if you want to decorate your wall and you're a Fringe fanatic. They also stock usual souvenirs such as mugs, teddies, pens and you can even buy gift vouchers. You can also pre-order the annual Fringe programme so you know what going to be on in the coming year. Just thinking about it's making me all excited - I love The Fringe!I suppose this shop serves it's purpose and it's so unusual to have a shop dedicated to a festival so for individuality and because I love The Fringe I'm giving it 4, but I still can't help but think it's a little bit pointless...
4	Adding to what the girls have outlined, I can't help but wonder why this shop is open all year round.Saying that, it has its uses - it keeps visitors and locals up to speed on upcoming Fringe events, and nearer the time (i.e from June onward) you can buy tickets for various shows to guarantee your front row seat.It sells some Fringe merch, which seems a bit empty unless you are actually at the Fringe that year and want something to remember it by. But I can imagine some tourists being interested in the t shirts and teddies they have on offer.Like Eleanor, I find the Fringe Shop's year long opening a little bit pointless. But if I need to use it nearer the time of the festival, which I sometimes do, I am usually caught saying the opposite. So I'm four starring it since it's a great resource of information if you're wanting to secure your place in or at the Fringe early!
4	Being the only four weeks of the year when anything resembling culture descends upon the city, The Fringe has long since overtaken the somewhat dated International Festival as Edinburgh's main event in August. I'm not sure if it merits a shop that's open full-time for the other 11 months of the year, but during the event itself this shop does prove useful.The souvenirs are all fairly standard, but it's best to view it as more of an information point than a shop itself. The Fringe can be a bit overwhelming at times, and with 90% of the shows being utter dross, you want to be as clued up as possible before spending your hard-earned.
4	Extremely busy due to Hogmanay ticket purchasing, however they seemed to have a pretty good process for getting everyone taken care of. I was in and out in a jiff!
