2	First time into this new establishment with it's obvious growing pains. Training staff and getting the products right for which they have aways to go.I've spent a significant amount of time in the south having had excellent to fair Mexican food. I believe in doing the foods heritage right or not at all.Rats I lost the only two pictures of my three hardshell taco order. I don't think it was the apps fault rather mine for not rebooting the SGN2 for several weeks.The ambiance: not Mexican, nor a first date eatery unless she has a great sence of humour, very forgiving, madly in love with you or any combination thus stated. Females and wimpy men beware, it is well airconditioed, which apparently only I do appreciate.  Food order: three hardshell taco, fish, spicy* pork and chicken. *spicy for white people who want to feel ethnic. Fish, one small piece but tasty. The chicken and pork portions were more generous.Toppings: the tomatoes, lettuce and cilantro were fresh. The guacamole Is just mashed a vacation maybe with some mayo, it was underwhelming in being part of a (fish) taco. As a side dish it would have better value. By the time the Toppings are into the shells the paper lined basket looks like a major size salad.The problem: I noticed when the server was building each taco. That the meats with exception to the fish had too much moisture. The tomatoe and corn were dripping wet and the hardshells are very thin. By the time I started into the third taco, just picking it up I knew it was finished and one bite later it fell completely apart. The Toppings were fridge cold while biting into a warm bottom. Admittedly I've never experienced this sensation before in any real Mexican eatery. I now had a salad bowl with a soggy broken taco shell, oh joy oh bliss, not.The manager: I politely commaned the owners presence to discuss the above. To his credit he offered a discount, then to replace the taco, and I suggested he replace the shell and I'll scoop the amassed mixture back into the new shell. He was visably pleased with the solution. He admitted that the hardshells are too thin and the supplier is looking to rectify the problem. He on the other hand was surprised about the too much moisture content being the biggest contributor to the problem. Really test, test, test and verify is not just a neat saying common to the military, engineering or computer industry and yes the food industry.Conclusion: returning to the task-at-hand I'd been given a deformed taco but plodded ahead anyway.  There was more than enough taco meat and salad to make two. With fork in hand I cowed down like Jethro Bodine over his gargantuan bowl of cereal.I left feeling very full, with a very mild buzz on my lips and the wonderful taste of fresh cilantro upon the tongue. Hopefully the owner, btw a very nice guy, learns and fixes things quickly. Creating and cooking from fresh real cantina mexican would elevate a much needed catagory and create a loyal following I'm sure.Cost: 3 hardshell tacos fish, spicy pork and chicken without extras or drinks, $10.34 taxes included. Billed as three fish tacos.
4	I went to Quesada with some friends to try it out. The place is very nice and the staff seems rather nice and attentive. The food is very spicy so I warn those that take the spicy sauces and meat.Overall, I'm definitely going back to Quesada. The food was great!
2	So this was a "fine" fast food burrito. Neither good nor bad. The taste was alright, despite certain issues of carelessness. First, the server did not drain liquid off of items (beans, tomatoes, corn) before adding them to my burrito, leaving unappetizing and ultimately messy puddles in the tortilla, and in prep, no one cut off the stems of the cilantro, leaving an unpleasant stem texture in many bites. Though I didn't ask for a manager, my impression was that there was none on site by the way the staff were acting out of sight but well within earshot. Topics of conversation and language used just behind the dividing wall made it clear that either some staff don't understand that they can be heard even if they can't be seen - or they don't care..  It was bizarre.I can't help but NOT be surprised by inappropriate language by staff in a restaurant that thought it appropriate to call its largest size burrito "big ass". I am the last person to be accused of being politically correct, but even I found it unnecessary, and thus inappropriate. Want to joke about the size, call it "huge". No one wants to eat something that they called "ass". Not me, at least. Overall, the other 2 customers in the restaurant seemed satisfied with their sandwiches (I asked when I walked in) but one of them did me a favour when he said that Quesada is "not Chipotle". Thankfully, that lowered my expectation just enough to enjoy this sandwich. Despite an average meal that wasn't horrible, I can't take a restaurant that has a menu size called "big ass". That, and the complete lack of any thoughtful design in the restaurant makes me round 2 1/2 stars DOWN rather than up. I know they're new in this location, but this is not a new business. They need to rethink things and take their business seriously if they want people like me to think of them as a viable fast food competitor. Right now, the carelessness and the poor decisions just leave me thinking of them as a joke.
3	While the food was fine and actually pretty good overall in value when I order a meal I expect them to make it. I ordered the roasted veggie burrito and was told it would take a few minutes. No prob. Husband ordered his we get to the case and then when I say I'm waiting on mine the people are baffled like I never had the conversation. They were very nice and apologetic but it was obvious they are lacking in training.  I also am not a big fan of calling anything on a menu "big ass".  Rude and unnecessary.
1	Five months and a bit I was curious to see if this new Mexican eatery had upped its game. Sadly no.The quesadilla, steak, all dressed without lettuce as it would make the quesadilla too soggy, I was told. The counter person a very nice young lady toasted it to perfection. At the table I tried lifting one of the pieces barley making any of it to my anxious tongue. From the counter to my seat it had gone soggy even without the damned lettuce. So with plastic cutlery now in hand and grumpy in charge I ate to stuffed this self deconstructing, moderately flavourful quesadilla.Like I've said many times, if you're going to do food do it right or not at all. You otherwise embarrass yourself, make a mockery of it origines, disrespect the ethnicity of the people and insult the pallet of those who have refined taste buds and knowledge of various cultures. Oh yes and You embarrass Yourself!On the bright side quesadillas were half price. $4,54 tax in and I was not hungry afterward, just wanting real Mexican food.
