4	I have been dreaming of you. Oh Boston Market, since I have moved south, I have been looking back on our past with such fond memories.I sometimes cry knowing we are so far away from each other... and oh how I long for your tender turkey breast.  Cornbread that just melts in your mouth, and even the vegetables are from some other planet of awesomeness.MC Burger Taco Box just isn't doing it for me anymore. Last night, in a desperate act of "preparing dinner" avoidance, the family loaded up and headed over to a slightly mediocre eating establishment *cough*pandaexpress*cough* and not only were we hurried through the maze of fried, sauteed, and mono-saturated, we were yelled at by probably the smallest woman I have ever seen. There was no warm smiles, rotisserie chicken, or green bean casserole.  I love you Boston Market, please move to Laveen, before I am battered and deep fried.~2
4	Best sides dishes of any of its competition and the chicken ain't half bad either.  They have changed their service to ceramic plates and metal siverware if you eat in.  The chicken has always been good and the sides great for a fast food environment.
1	Have been to this Boston Market with Friend's on 5 Different Occasion's and everytime we go there. All of our Side Order's are alway's COLD.Cold Mashed Potatoe's, Cold Stuffing, etc, etc. And they serve you very, very Small Piece's of Chicken for the Price that they charge you. -$7.50 with Tax.It's not worth it.I have to admit the Food look's very seasoned and moist. But it's ALWAY'S COLD.And they give you.....Small Piece's of Chicken. Sorry Gang, Save Your Money and Go Somewhere Else. Too Expensive for Small Piece's of Chicken and COLD FOOD.
4	oOoh been here once for dinner and about three times for lunch...it's really a great place for a quick and easy meal and it's not too fatty like other fast foods..and it's pretty cheap. I love their 3 piece dark meat rotisserie chicken that comes with a delicious cornbread (I'm usually not fond of cornbread) and two choices of sides. I've had the creamed spinach, corn, veggie mix, squash mix, roasted herb red potatoes and sweet yam which is my least favorite....the sweet yam casserole is just too sweet for my taste...so not a big fan of that one..other than that the other sides are pretty good. The meatloaf meal is also really good...two really good size slice of meatloaf also with a choice of two sides and a cornbread...2 bucks more expensive than the chicken but sometimes you want something besides chicken. hehSo for a quick easy cheap semi-healthy meal that does not consist of a hand full of grease (burgers, pizza, tacos of that sort..) then Boston Market is really a fantastic choice =)Yummers!
3	I don't care what anybody says, Boston Market it good homecooked style food. The prices are a half step above cheap but, I'm always down for good food. I got the chicken salad sanwhich with a side of mac and cheese. And of course a large cup of minute maid. All very good. Ill be back. Heard they got good chicken.....
4	Great food and service! They will bring your food to your table if you dine in and the staff is very friendly especially the manager.  Be sure to try the half chicken meal and Mac and sweet potatoes.  Their buy one and get the second half off is an amazing deal.
3	I always think their food is too salty but we come here on occasion.  They now bring your order to you and the food is served on plastic, washable plates rather than the disposable ones.  I like the chicken but like I said it's just all on the salty side for me.
3	I don't care if it's "gourmet poor people food." I love it! Was convinced to do the BOGO chicken and rib meal special split between three people. Not a bad deal. Mashed potatoes and corn were my favorite. BBQ sauces and ribs are pretty boring. Chicken is the best.
2	This is not a place that I would normally go to but my brother said I'm craving it. What to do what to do this is been going on for a week so finally I said behind will eat at Boston market if you have ever been in jail this food could possibly be delicious For you but for all the rest of us on the outside this is slop if you like overcooked vegetables overcooked chicken covered in nasty Gravy this is the place for you all I can say is yuck not for me but if you like it eat it
5	We went for lunch and I just had to write a review.   We walked in, immediately greeted, told about their specials, got our food very quickly and sat down to eat.  So, our food was pretty good, we had chicken, ribs, loaded mashed potatoes, macaroni and cheese,  and cornbread.   The cornbread was amazing, moist, and very delicious.  The chicken was equally tasty, actually everything was very good, except my only complaint was the ribs were lacking of actual meat, they aren't the hearty ribs I was expecing and they were luke warm.  However, what made me 5 star this visit was their outstanding customer service.   The staff made us feel welcome, were extremely pleasant, I just can't say enough about how nice we were treated, they get 5 stars just for that!  It's becoming more and more difficult these days to find somewhere to go where the employees actually give a hoot about customer service.  That alone will make us go back again and again.    My only other critique, would be that of the lady walking around the place with her cell phone attached to her head, I'm guessing she was the manager and she was also was sitting in the eating area set up with her briefcase and again on her cell phone.  I don't think it's entirely appropriate for that to be ok.  Isn't there an office she could have went into, or at the very least pick the furthest table/booth away from customers view as much as possible, just sort of unprofessional in our opinion.   All in all, we'll be back, glad they are still around.
1	Ok maybe i am too picky. But i heard how good their food is...! Yeah if you were on of those kids who liked cafeteria food back in high school maybe. Now the workers are 100 %better than the mean upset cafeteria workers, friendly and more than helpful. Over all they are clean and have a welcoming atmosphere. But i would encourage those of you who are interested to try it for your selves, my boyfriend loved their meat loaf.
4	Every-time I come here, I get great service and the food is delicious.
1	Poor management
3	Boston market needs to understand when there employees are working and talking Customers Can hear them talking crap about people and looks very bad especially if they are talking crap about other employees,very disappointed in the managers mostly when they talk crap almost as bad as any other employee Doesn't look good at all cause the food is very good and I would hate to stop coming into Boston market that is right next to my work at pizza place
