4	So much for me not reviewing chains, but I felt a little shout-out to this Shomar's was in order.  I'll note from the outset that I have ordered the same thing every time I've been here, so the scope of my review is slightly limited.I have worked near this place for over 2 1/2 years but always thought it looked a little dodgy and never went in. Decided to give this place a shot the other day. Turns out, it is quite nice inside although it has a slightly 80s feel to it.  I've only gotten take-out at this location, but it was pretty fast both times.  I ordered the grilled chicken pita with a side of green beans.  Both were delicious--so much so, that I went back the next day and ordered the same thing.  The pita is a little soggy (at least, it is when you get it to-go), but the chicken is nicely grilled and the tzatziki sauce is also tasty.  And while green beans sound super-boring, they must jazz it up with some spices because they were quite delicious.  If I ever venture off this recipe for success, I'll update accordingly.
3	Showmars on 3rd delivers solid food, not great but they do a pretty decent job on meat and 2 veggies and the fish or chicken pita's are definitely worth a try......and on your 'cheat' days enjoy a milkshake if you dare:-)
4	Nice people, busy busy busy place, but always great service, fast kitchen.The kitchen is super fast for carryout.
5	My girlfriend and I came in for breakfast. Amazing deal, great service, and a killer baklava!!!! I highly recommend to anyone in the area as we made the trip from exit 25....we heard good things! This will certainly be our mom n pop breakfast from here on out!
5	Cindy mans the register and makes u feel welcome and at home...the fish sandwich is fantabulous and a must have. I call order my breakfast and for 3 bucks I have my breakfast to go. Gotta luv it!!
5	Fantastic service and great food!  I always make it a point to come here every time I am in Charlotte.  It's a must.  I love their fried chicken!!
5	The food here is great.  Diane the waitress is wonderful.  Of course all of Peter's family are great too.  His daughter waited on us and she was fantastic.  I love my Greek Omelette with Gyro!!  Thanks Diane for having my breakfast ready everyday.  See you soon.
4	I was with a group of 4 and we ended up at this location right before closing. The staff was very nice even though we showed up about 10 minutes before closing. We were with a lady who lived in Charlotte for a long time. She insisted we must have the sweet tea...makes sense because sweet tea in the real South is what I call diabetic coma sweet and just how I like it. The sweet tea did NOT disappoint...matter if fact I drank ALOT of it. We joked with the lady that she should just leave the pitcher. Lol. She thought we were crazy...we were...crazy for sweet tea For my actual food I had the original pita burger...a burger served in a pita with some kind of greekish sauce (I think). What ever kind of sauce it was it was good. The fries that came with it were just basic and seasoned with salt. Maybe seasoning salt would add a little flair and taste. The onion rings were cheap and just okay. To me they taste as if they didn't have any seasoning. Overall we received exceptional service, especially since we came before closing, good food at a great price, and awesome sweet tea!
4	Solid diner. Good omelette, nothing fancy  , but does not need to be. One star off for coffee that could be better. Otherwise solid food, well made.
5	Can't go wrong with this place. Peter the owner is fantastic and he is one of the cooks.  His wife and two children work here too.  For lunch make sure you come on the day they have steamed cabbage which I believe is Mondays and Wednesdays.  His fried pickles are out of this world.  If you want sausage patties try their sausage patty with egg, and cheese in a pita.  They open at 6am which is perfect because I go in the Charlotte office at 5:30am.
4	Might not be the easiest location to visit or see, but it's a good option because of the people that work here.  Tucked away across a parking lot and underneath an overhand is this Showmars location, but there are a lot of regulars that frequent this place.  The servers and folks running the register are super nice and they recognize you, call you by name, and ask how your work day is going.I take my lunch around 1pm so WAY after the lunch rush, but I can imagine this place being super busy.  There are a lot of tables and booths to sit at and the food comes out fast - with daily specials.Super affordable and predictable, you can have you food in front of you pretty quickly - especially if you are trying to do a quick lunch.Now, this place is pretty practical if you work Uptown and can walk here for lunch.  Probably not a place to drive to since you would have to pay for parking somewhere... even if you park on the street at a metered spot.
