3	I can't resist a new Thai restaurant that comes across my path. Thus, I had to try the new Thai Orchid Garden that recently opened a few doors down from my favorite salon (Bella Rouge). Two other friends and I went to Thai Orchid for dinner a few nights ago. They were already seated when I arrived. I parked and approached the door, and an older gentleman was sitting out front smoking a cigarette, which immediately turned me off. He started talking to me, greeted me, and opened the door to the restaurant. Ahh ... he worked there.Turns out he more than worked there - he was the owner. He walked past our booth and sat down in the booth behind us. The smell of cigarette smoke was overwhelming. After a while, the odor dissipated, and our waitress took our order. I had my old standby, Pha-Nang curry with beef. Cara had the Pad Thai, and Jenny had some kind of chicken and eggplant dish. My dish was wonderful. We all devoured our meals and enjoyed each other's company. The only times I felt less than thrilled was once when I asked the waitress for more rice - she looked at me like I was crazy but then brought more rice - and when the owner came back over to our table and started passing out his business card. We were in the middle of a conversation, and he had interrupted ... it was just weird. Will I go back? Yep. The food was good. But, more likely, I'll place an order to go when I'm over at Bella Rouge and then enjoy my Pha-Nang at home!
4	I just cracked up reading this review!  Food is great, the owner needs to be behind the scenes!  My husband is going to pick-up some great Tom Kha Kai soup and Red Curry, both extra spicy!  Hope they get the message about the owner, we have been waiting for good Thai food for 6 years!  Don't mind enjoying at home, but would like to eat there at times with out being bothered by the well meaning owner!
4	I am just beyond happy to have a thai restaurant within a 15 mile radius of Buckeye, so I am not going to be too harsh on this place! After reading the other reviews, I can agree that the owner's presence is a little "different". However, it certainly doesn't detract from the food or overall dining experience. They are a brand new restaurant, and in his defense, I am sure he is just doing his best to connect to customers and make sure everyone is happy with their food and service. With time I am sure that will go away. I have gone twice so far, both times eating inside the restaurant. The food was really good both times. Certainly not the best thai food i've ever had, but i will take what i can get to avoid a long drive into downtown Phoenix or Scottsdale. The waitress, being Thai, naturally has a bit of a hard time understanding our English. This is to be expected in any ethnic restaurant you go to...cut her some slack. If she looks at you like you are crazy, it's probably either because you ARE, or that she is just trying to discern what you are saying. Service was always very friendly and warm. I intend to go back to this place as often as I can to keep them in business, and I encourage everyone who reads this to check them out. It will be well worth it.They now serve alcohol here, which is a great plus! :)
3	I had never sampled Thai cuisine, though I had always been interested in doing so, and when I discovered a Thai restaurant near my house, last week, I thought it'd be a great place to have dinner with the fam.First of all, the place is TINY!  I think there might be half a dozen booths along one wall and another half dozen tables.  When we arrived (party of five), all of the booths were taken and the front tables were occupied, so they set us up in the back.  Well, one member of our party was in a wheelchair - oh, boy!  This place is NOT wheelchair-friendly.  We actually had to ask the patrons to excuse us so we could pass, luckily, they were leaving anyway, but still, it's embarassing to have to interrupt someone's meal so you can be seated.I ordered the Pad-Thai and other members in my party ordered the Stir-fried Eggplant, pork Pha Nang, pork Green Curry, and Thai BBQ sausages.The portions were not at all large, but there was enough that we could each sample a little of everything.The Pad-Thai wasn't bad; everyone in my party liked it.  I thought it had a weird texture and was awfully sweet, but when mixed with a little chili paste, it wasn't bad.The Stir-fried Eggplant was really good.  It was supposed to contain jalepenos, but it wasn't at all spicy.The Green Curry was actually the spicier of the two curry dishes that were ordered.  It wasn't bad, a little runny, but the yellow and green string beans were good.The pork Pha Nang was by far the best dish.  It wasn't as spicy as I would have liked it (they season to order, but we were told they are prepared to medium, unless otherwise stated), but had a great consistency and was so delicious mixed with rice.  The Thai BBQ sausages.*sigh*We basically paid $9.00 for a couple of roasted hot dogs.  For that price, I could've gone to Costco/Sam's Club and purchased hot dogs WITH sodas that include REFILLS and still have money leftover for a pretzel or a couple of churros.Now, of course, Thai dogs, er, sausages, have a different flavor and texture than Hebrew National or Nathan's.  They're similiar to longanesa, but with a higher fat content.  I noticed that the meat was mixed with rice before it was stuffed into the casing - sneaky, sneaky.  There was no sauce, or anything with it, and it was served on a bed of iceburg lettuce with steamed rice - very dry!  I wasn't too thrilled with our waitress (who I later found out was one of the "partners").  She brought the wrong order to my father and then argued with him saying that he ordered it, but changed his mind.  My mother was attempting to help my father and tried to explain that after the waitress took our orders, my mother asked my father what he ordered and he said "the sausage," but she wouldn't let my mother finish what she was saying.  The waitress cut her off mid-sentence and began talking to someone else.  *jaw dropped*  I think we would have jumped up and left had it not been for the fact that we'd have to mow down some people with that darned wheelchair.  However, even after acknowledging that she brought out an order that my father didn't want, she tried to talk him into keeping it by saying that he wouldn't like the sausage because it was "sour."  Now, the sausages sucked, I'll give her that, but they weren't sour, they were actually kinda sweet.As to the owner, he was there the night we dined in.  He's actually a pretty nice guy.  Yeah, he comes up to your table and chats with you (I think he came up to us, like, 4-5 times, maybe because we indulged him), but he's harmless.  From what I discerned from his brief, but frequent stops to our table, he's not from this area and he just seems rather lonely.  He was polite enough to wait and approach our table when we weren't stuffing our faces or when there was a lull in the conversation, so as not to blatantly interrupt.  From what I gathered, he's one of a handful of investors in this restaurant and pretty excited about it.  I'm sure that after the business is more established (it's only been operating for a few months), he'll probably back off a little, especially if he makes more friends in this area.From talking to him, though, we discovered that all of the cooks are actually from Thailand, which is novel and probably helps add an authentic flair to the dishes.I wasn't completely thrilled with the experience, but the food was okay, not great - good-ish (factoring in amount and quality for the price). I will go there, again, but only because I want to try their lunch specials.  Unfortunately, the Pha Nang isn't one of them, but they do have some other dishes I want to try out and the lunch specials, aside from having a reduced price, come with soup and egg rolls.  However, considering my experience with the waitress and wheelchair fiasco, I'll probably make my lunch order to go!
5	WOW!!!  This cute little places sits in an unasssuming strip mall on Indian School, just east of Dysart.  The owners take pride in this place, as the decor is very clean, contemporary, and colorful.  My first time was with three other friends, that were fairly educated Thai eaters.  I just went along with that they ordered...and boy was I glad I did!  We hade a coconut soup that was amazing!  So flavorful and the cute "fire in the center "pan it came in for us all to share was delightful!  Our pad thai and curry chicken was awesome!  I cannot wait to bring my husband here!  Way to go Orchid Garden!  Thank you for allowing me to have an amazing dining choice in my neighborhood (as opposed to all the chains)!!
5	Very authentic, excellent Thai food and soothing ambience. And they have delivery! My favorites are the Fried Shrimp Rolls, Egg Rolls, Clear Noodle Soup, Pad Thai Chicken, Phad-See-Ew Beef, Papaya Salad, etc.. I love the Sweet Rice with Thai Custard. It tastes exactly like the Filipino custard I grew up with.
5	This local hole-in-the-wall, is the best Thai restaurant in Avondale (well ok it's the only one). It easy to miss but once you find it you won't forget it. The menu is a bit beyond the standard Thai eatery, offering bold, authentic Thai flavors. If you love Thai food, this is the place to go. If you don't get Thai food, this is the place to go. For the spicy dishes they can make it as Thai as you would like or it. The service is very good and the owner and staff make you feel very welcome. You owe yourself a short trip to this humble, great restaurant.
5	So far this is the best Thai food, I can find on the West side.Had the fried egg rolls, satay chicken, pad-thai, thai bbq chicken, and pepper steak.  WOW, it was good and the service was great!  I loved that we tasted all the different favors of all the foods.  Going back soon, need to try more items from the menu!
4	My girlfriend sends me an email and says that the cafeteria manager at her school, Wanna, has a Thai restaurant in Avondale.  After doing my friend a favor, she and her husband take me and my husband to Thai Orchid Garden for dinner.  My friends are rather new to Thai food - my husband and I really enjoy it.We have found a new Thai food place to habituate!  We loved the Thai toast with its wonderful sweet dipping sauce.  The pineapple fried rice was the best I've had in town, and close to the best ever.  My pad thai was delicious, moist, slightly sweet.  More cilantro and more meat  would have made it better, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  My husband was less impressed by his pad see ew.  Friends' meat in garlic sauce and sweet and sour chicken were a hit.   We were quite full, but had a taste of the Thai custard and sweet rice - a perfect finish.The service was very, very friendly and attentive.  The restaurant is clean and pretty, with hard wood floors, celiings in green and white and cool, multi-colored ceramic tile walls.  It is small - with booths and tables that can be combined or separated.Friendly staff, really good food at good prices - we'll be back!
5	I love Thai food. It is my favorite food. The flavors are to die for and if you ever try to make it, you figure out just how difficult it is to do. There are so many ingredients and many are hard to find. I love to cook, but as far as Thai goes, it is way easier to eat out.Thai Orchid is delicious, authentic Thai! I have yet to have anything that I didn't like! Awesome Curry and Mango with Sticky Rice (if you haven't tried it -  you must!). It is beyond yummy and good for you!Staff is very pleasant! Service is prompt. Atmosphere is nice. I woudl highly recommend this place.Oh, great lunch prices too. One of the best deals around!
5	Amazing service and great food. I personally like the red curry and egg rolls with a Thai tea. YUM!
3	To be fair this place was packed and it is not that big.  The first thing the server asked us was if we had reservation.  I was thinking in Avondale?  Huh?  So if you come here and you are reading this right now on your phone call and make reservations!They had a table in back where they stacked all the server stuff and we asked if they could move that stuff and let us sit at that table.  They said that would be OK and they moved it for us.  Why they would put stuff on a table where a potential paying customer can sit beats me.  But they were nice and sat us.  The servers are really nice but can seem a bit confused at times.  We ordered a hot pot and two entrees.  Pad Thai and a Pineapple beef thing.  Our hot pot was freaking awesome.  Coconut milk and chicken cooked with lemon grass, ginger and mushrooms.  Very delicious!The Pad Thai was nuclear orange and I can not figure out why.  I mean it was brighter then a suns jersey!  The noodles were mushy and the dish got cold fast.The pineapple thing was very much an American creation.  I asked what the house specialty was and the waitress looked confused.  She suggested this as it was very popular.  After getting it I can see why.  I like traditional Thai food and was kind of disappointed that this was suggested as the house specialty.The Thai ice was good.Overall I will probably give this place another chance.  They need a little bit more work on management but the food was good not great and its Thai food in the west valley what can you say.
3	The food was good but a little on the sweet side compared to other Thai restaurants I've had.  Nice staff though.  There's slim-pickin's in the far west valley for Asian foods so I can't really compare to others in the area.  Compared to others I've had around the country, three stars is about right.
3	Good thai food, reasonably priced and a nice atmosphere.  Been here several times and never had a bad meal.  Not the best thai I have ever had, but its good, close, and on the way home.  The lunch specials are very generous on size and tasty.  This place is my stand by Thai restaurant now.
4	LOVE. After finding this little gem nearly right around the corner from my house, I visited it nearly once a week for about two months. Pathetic, I know, but I couldn't help it! I take out-of-town guests there, and they all love it - with the exception of ONE time when we ordered take-out and it seemed like they had someone new in the kitchen and the food was very disappointing. However, since that was only one time out of many visits, I will give them the benefit of the doubt! I love the Chicken Pad Thai, while my husband gets spicy Vegetable Fried Rice. (Egg rolls are a must ... the spring rolls are not awesome.)
1	Surely you jest. If your idea of thai food is something straight out of a microwave that was not well-prepared in the first place, where you can feel claustrophobic and listen to neighborhood billybobs talk about beer and such, then this is the place for you.Typical for Avondale, yes. Worth the frustration, no.
5	Excellent food, affordable prize and great service... We all left satisfied.
5	Wonderful place! I drive all the way from tempe to eat here. It is by far the best thai food i have has in phoenix. I always hve thai tea, the coconut soup with chicken, green curry and if it is the summer FOR SURE the mango sticky rice for dessert! I love this place! I am a thai food snob.
4	This is a wonderful Thai restaurant.  We have been going there since they  opened and it is always very good and consistent.  We normally order the same thing (chicken yellow curry and chicken red curry), so we can't comment on all menu items.  Medium spicy is, in fact, medium spicy, so we enjoy the fact that the food isn't bland.  The problem is every time my wife and I crave Thai from TOG, we are always in the mood for the same items that we always order.  We normally order To-Go, but the restaurant has a nice interior.  We like supporting this local, independent restaurant.
4	I had lunch here the other day with my wife and 3.5 yr old daughter.We ordered the Red Curry, Spicy Bean Chicken, and a plate of fried rice.Red Curry - Very good.  As usual though when I ask for Spicy, it comes out almost spicy.  This happens 95% of the time so I do not fault them much.Spicy Bean - Was tasty.  It was ordered as 'Mild' but still had some kick.Fried Rice - Good.Stuff that comes with the lunches:Won Ton - Did not eat itSoup - VERY good soup.  It is like a regular chicken and vegetable soup with rice added.  My kid slurped it down quickly.I am glad this place is out here as everytime I wanted Thai I would have to drive a good 35 miles to Tempe.The service was fine, as it was not packed.
3	Nice and clean place. The Thai iced tea and green curry were good. Not too sweet compared to others. We have also ordered the BBQ chicken and pad see yew, both were quite average. Overall an average place - not something I'll miss terribly if gone.
5	I had the  Pha Nan curry with chicken, and it was AMAZING.  The dish was $8.75 and I took half of it home to eat the next day. We come here once a week to treat ourselves to Thai tea. So, so good.Staff is always very sweet.I recommend this place to everyone.
4	I'm conflicted on whether they should have picked the same font and color for their sign as The Olive Garden.
3	I generally really like this place.  I love the pad krapow and have enjoyed most of the things I have gotten there.  Lunch deals are good and I've had no problems ordering pickup meals.So why the 3 stars?Last time I was there I went with a couple co-workers who also like Thai food.  We drove a little out of the way to get to here from our meeting and had very questionable service.The first booth they tried to sit us in was filthy so we asked for another which seemed to cause some confusion.  Then when ordering we asked for our food to be made spicy.  At which point the waitress told us that they make all of their food without spice and you have to add your own at the table.If that was the case I never would of made it for a second trip.  Our food came out bland, everyone was disapointed but the potential for good food came through.I usually have my food ordered with some heat to it without an issue .... not sure what the issue was that day but they gained two people who will never think of it again (unless they dream about bland thai food) and one long term customer who is a little leery.
2	I went there with my husband for the 2nd time on a Sunday for lunch. When we walked in, three booths had customers in them. We waited about 13 minutes before the "grumpy old man" came out and had the attitude as if we had bothered him. So he sat us and walked away. Finally, the one waitress came over and took our drink orders. While waiting to place our lunch orders, my husband noticed a cobweb coming from the window to the fake flowers on the table. There is a considerable gap between the booth and the window. It was pretty disgusting and appeared that it had never been cleaned along with the windows and seat backs of the booths, which are cloth. We most likely will not return due to the condition of the restaurant and lackluster service. I would rather drive an extra 20 mins to Phoenix or Tempe and be appreciated. I really did try to like this place and support a local business in my community.
5	Me and my wife love this place!We always get the Tom Kim soup, an order or 2 of fresh spring rolls (1 usually with shrimp). She gets the Pad Thai, which she likes better here than another Thai place we have been to.  I vary what I get but usually go fir a curry dish. We are wimps as far as heat goes and get everything medium, which turns out great for us. We often will get a to go order for the next day whenever we make it into the city. I use left over soup as a base for making an awesome rice dish.
5	We tried this place out with two of our best of friends for dinner one night.  Terrific service, delicious Thai food...some of the best I've ever had!  The yellow curry and pineapple fried rice are a-maz-ing!!  My only complaint, the restaurant is kind of small, they need to expand...it gets busy in there!
3	I like the food.  Love the thai iced tea.  I can inhale those.  The pad thai is very good and I love the pineapple curry.  I did order some egg rolls for the kids one time and the meat was bad but they replaced it so all is well but a tiny bit scared to go back.
4	I agree with some of the fellow yelpers... this is some of the best Thai food around. I came here with just the occasional craving that I get for Thai food, expecting maybe average results... boy, was I in for a Treat! I ordered the Yellow Curry for lunch which has Chicken and potatoes, side of rice and eggroll(Amazingly delicious) also came with a small bowl of soup(also really good). I will definitely be coming back soon!
5	BEST THAI FOOD ON THE WEST SIDE! Hands down! I love this place!! The food is amazingly delicious, the service is always great. Been here alone with friends, co-workers and they've never let me down. Love it!
2	Roasted duck was way too salty. Papaya salad was way too sweet. Tom Yum seafood soup was just okay. I loved the white rice! Lol -_____-  The restaurant was clean and nice though. Service was kind of slow, but then again there was only one waitress. My friend knew more about Thai food than the server! Hahah "Best Thai Food in the West Valley" Yeah right! Is it because it is the only one available? Lol. I rather drive 5 more hours West to California to get some good Thai food. I'm done with these mediocre to nasty Asian restaurants in the West side..
5	This place always delivers great food.  We are especially fond of the curries.  The lunch service is great as well as dinner.
4	I got take out cuz I was too lazy to cook!  =)I ordered:Wonton Soup with pork - Good and flavorfulPhad See Ew - It was pretty goodThai BBQ Pork - I did not like the flavorNext time I am sticking with my usual (Phad Thai, BBQ Chicken, Satay)
1	When I was in Iraq, we had this term called Iraqi princess. This phenomenon would turn a sub-par/ fugly girl into a goddess, this would be due to the fact that they were the only girls in Iraq . That being said, I have to conclude that this event has been mimicked in Avondale.Extremely slow service with only 3 other diners.I didn't know Maruchan made pad thai! It was a pitiful, tragic attempt at a Thai staple.  The noodles were congealed into luke-warm mass of mush, and the chicken was cold.  Insipid doesn't begin to fully describle the lack of flavor in this atrocity.  The Mus Sa Mun curry was watered down, chicken was tough, potaotes were undercooked, and peanuts were few and far between.Oh yeah, the dirt and smudges on the tile next to my table looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a while.I am completely blown away by the 2,3,4,and 5 stars this place recieved. Just because it's the only one around does not make it "royalty". I would rather eat at any fast food joint. ANY.
5	took the girls -(1 of them under 2 yrs) and had the most amazing lunch!! soup and curry family style - a YELP find of the year!! The owner met us outside and opened the door himself!! I have ordered take out since then and will be back soon!!
4	Love this cute little eatery. I've been eating here for about four years and it's always great yummy Thai food. I craved this place throughout my entire pregnancy and my now two year old loves Thai food! I can't say enough great things about the food. Some days service is slow, but to me it's worth the wait. Don't forget the delicious sweet Thai tea!
5	Our monthly neighbor ladies' lunch group met here this week.  They have a decent lunch special menu for $7.95 that includes a cup of soup, egg roll, main dish.  I had the Red Curry Chicken.  It had just the right amount of heat.  You can also add one of the hot condiments to make it hotter.  It came with a large portion of rice.  One lady ordered the spicy chicken with string beans.  One ordered the vegetable plate.  I can't remember what else there was.  All of us finished everything on our plates and probably would have licked the plates clean if we had been home for no one to see.  There was only one server which is what I've encountered there before.  One lady said that she has been there and seen 2.  We were too full for dessert.  Bottom line:  the food here is excellent and very worth the trip.
4	Really have enjoyed the food and the service was pretty good.  Some of the best asian food we have found in the Avondale/Goodyear area.Their spicy soup is actually hot! (Yay!)  Of special note is their Duck Soup and their Thai Fried Rice.  Curry is good, but not remarkable.  Broths in the noodles are rich and flavorful.This review is for our third and most recent trip.  I need to note that it seems they are starting to skimp some on the ingredients.  While still yummy, there was not much duck or noddles in the Duck Soup this past time.  Hopefully, they keep their quality up and we can keep visiting them.  It's a small, family-owned, and family-run place, which we like supporting.
4	The curry here is amazing.  I haven't really explored anything else. I am a fan of the spring rolls and the yellow curry.  They ask you how hot you want your curry so even people who don't like spice can still enjoy the delicious curry. The only down side is that there isn't a big seating so sometimes there is a wait
3	I could have sworn I wrote a review for Thai Orchid...I've been here at least 10 times.  Weird.Out of my several favorite Thai places around the valley, this one is near the bottom of my list.  Their food is a bit bland compared to others first and foremost.  But I also hate going in here when I see the white van in the handicapped spot right up front.  It means the "weird old guy" is in there and will create one of the most awkward eating atmospheres ever.  He hovers and says really weird things to us every time we are there.  The food isn't enough to make me come running back unless we aren't in the mood to drive too far for Thai.  I always get the Pad Won Sen while there and it is just okay.  I ask them to make it medium every time even though it is not part of the menu description and that gives it only a slight change in flavor.  My husband gets their Pad Cee Ew and he seems to like it as well as the Pad Thai that my mom enjoys each time.
3	The Good: Yummylicious Tom Yum, Garlic chicken and fried rice...Great location in the west valley, clean and pleasing to the eye. Food is consistently good...The Bad: Bad service, esp. older guy, reminds me of Uncle Fester since he does not even talk or make eye contact when you enter.  Awkwardly quiet sometimes and you can hear everything everyone else is saying since it is a small restaurant.
4	I have never had Thai food before but it has always been on my food radar. We found this restaurant down the street and decided to give it a try with my Mom. It is in a shopping plaza and decorated very "Thai-ish" on the inside as well so it was very comfortable and relaxing. We had the jasmine tea which was awesome! I have become a tea lover recently and this was very tasty addition to our meal. We ordered the wonton soup, the coconut curry, pad thai noodles and a ramen type of soup as well. All of it was VERY TASTY. I was very impressed with the service and the freshness of the food. All of the food came out hot as well and served promptly. I have nothing else to compare it to though, but this was a great experience for my first Thai food!
4	I don't get out to eat enough to be a food critic, so don't take anything I say too seriously. I liked the style and ambiance of this place and enjoyed the quiet (although the owners might not have as the place was almost empty). The food was a little to spicy for my or my wife's taste, but that was expected.
4	The best thai in the west valley, hands down. Now we just need a good vietnamese place! Prices are a little high for what you get, but the quality is what matters. It's a nice quiet place, so its good place to go if you want to talk during dinner.
5	The phad-See-ew with chicken was delicious, I also had the pad kraprow with shrimps and another with fish they were very good but I ordered them to spicy.The restaurant is very clean and quiet.
3	Did not love it but would like to go back and try something else
3	It's good but not the best. Service is quick and prices are decent.
4	Staff forgot to sub steam rice for brown rice and 'thai' hot is not actually 'thai' hot, it was fairly weak. Other than the small mistakes, the food is good, though I wish it had more kick.
4	Fantastic! Thai hot is actually "Thai hot". . . Hard to find authentic Thai food in the west valley but here it is!  Yum
4	Really great Thai food, nice green papaya salad and the way they make their tofu dishes is super, I don't know if it is the crinkle cut they use on the tofu, or some other cooking technique, but it was exceptional.The veggies were cooked perfectly, not too crisp not too mushy and the spice level was just right.
4	Food is great.  Best Thai in West Valley.  Always get takeout so not sure about the service, but takeout is always ready when they say it will be ready.  The atmosphere is quiet and cozy - about a dozen to fifteen tables or so.  Place always seems clean when I pick my food up and has the type of decor you'd expect to see in a Thai restaurant.  I usually get red chicken or beef curry hot, and my wife gets green curry mild.  The food is excellent.  Their egg rolls aren't very greasy like most places.  Spring rolls are also made fresh to order with fresh veggies.  The only thing is, sometimes the spiciness of the curry will be spicier some days and not as spicy others.  Other than that, this place is great.
5	Green curry with vegetables is the best (and not on the menu, but they will make it)!  Mmmm....
5	The most amazing sizzling rice soup ever!!!!! These people do it right.
5	Yum! Yum! Yum! Need I say more... if you are craving Thai food this is the place you want to be... food so AMAZING you definitely have to come back for more!!!
1	so tried this out...had decent reviews..The place smelled delicious. The name is inviting. the hostess is hot.So my girl and I go to try it out. They brought us our drinks. $2.50 each. They brought us each a glass of ice and a soda can. LMAO-For reals??No refills.so for us each to have a refill would've cost $10 total in drink. I can buy like 4 12 packs of soda for that price. I mean if you are bringing it in cans, don't get mad at me comparing!We told them we were going to smoke while we waited for our food. Then we just left.I would never dine and dash, but seriously, soda cans?soda cans.I have no idea how the food is.
4	Atmosphere: B  (no music so created a abort of akward silence at times)Service: A - very attentive and helpfulFood: delicious!Price: B (a bit high for portions but not a deal breaker)
2	This place was amazing when the two guys owned it. Since then the portions and quality has gone down significantly. Kind of sad because there are not very many restaurants to choose from on the west side.
5	Must say I was amazed with this place. The waitress was funny, helpful, and knowledgeable. We started by ordering the chicken satay,  I then choose the pa nang curry (hot) and must say I absolutely loved this dish. The gf ordered a spicy chicken, rice and basil dish which was equally good. As I always do, I ordered my thai iced tea with cream and must say that the large is just that. The pricing was more than fair, the place was clean, and staffed with very friendly individuals. I would definitely recommend it, and surely see myself returning in the near future
1	Never again:  Bad food; bad service; billing overcharges on our credit card.  We do NOT recommend this restaurant.  We live in the area of this restaurant and went for dinner on a Saturday night.  It is a small restaurant that appears to be family owned.  We like to patronize local restaurants and prefer them over chain restaurants.  We are both raised in Arizona and grew up on very spicy Mexican food.  We asked for a medium-spicy sauce and told the server we did not want them too spicy as it was late.  But this food was beyond belief.  We got a scorching hot sauce. Both dishes we ordered were so hot we choked on the food and the inside of our mouths and lips burned for a few hours after the meal.     FYI, the food would not have been very good even if it were not so burning hot we could not eat it.  The service was awful.  We were never asked if our meals were to our liking.  When we finally flagged down one of the two servers, she took one of the two dishes in the back and they poured coconut milk on it but it did not help.  She did not offer to take the other dish back.  She could see we did not eat much of the food and finally just asked for our bill.  The server did nothing about the second dish.When we got our bill of $26.90, we gave them our credit card for payment.  When the credit card slip and our card were returned to the table, we were charged $46.39!  Where the server got that number is a huge mystery as there was only one other table in the restaurant who had yet to be served their food.  When we brought the incorrect amount of our bill to the server's attention, the server told us she would give us another receipt?  That did not sound right.   We insisted they refund our credit card and charge us the correct amount, which they claimed to have done by giving us a second receipt with the correct amount on it.  However, the next day, we checked our credit card statement and found only the higher charge on the bill (the first, incorrect charge was never refunded).  It appears they did not send in a correction to get it removed and replaced with the correct amount.  So we called the restaurant the next morning to ask for the manager.  The woman answering the phone first told he was not in on Sunday and was at home.  When we explained the problem and told the person who had answered the phone that we were calling our credit card company to get the charges taken off, the manager quickly got on the phone to talk to me.  Interestingly, he seemed to know all about the overcharge as did the woman on the phone who answered.  The manager then called us back about 30 minutes later and said we should get a refund in a few days on our credit card.  Only time will tell.Hopefully, that will be the case.  But it was a big hassle.  And, if we don't get a refund in a few days, we will have to go through the whole dispute process.  I would like to give them the benefit of the doubt that this was just a mistake, but it is hard to figure out how the bill could have been increased so much when only one other table was left in the restaurant and the amounts were not even close to the same nor were the numbers on the higher bill similar in anyway to the amount on our bill.  We really root for local restaurants in our area to succeed but there is no winner here. Sorry but this was horrible service and an awful experience.   We will not go again for obvious reasons.
4	Pad Thai and spring rolls are great! The lunch specials are well priced. They have a military discount too. The service is always good.
2	The place was a little dirty and the food wasn't as good as I thought it would be. On the positive side, the staff was nice and I believe we were greeted by the owner upon arrival. I would not go back again as the food made both of us sick.
2	I think the Royal Jasmine Thai restaurant up the street is much better. The food, service and ambiance is more authentic there.
1	The "girls" went here for lunch today.  This is a place that I have been to several times, but hadn't been there in quite awhile.  The food was always so good.  The food was just ok.  We were told by the server that the soup today was egg drop soup. What came out was tasteless broth with bok choy pieces and nothing else.  One ordered the "tureen" of hot and sour soup.  I am not sure what it was, but it wasn't hot and sour soup.  It had tons of grease floating on top and was dark red.  It had 4 large bay leaves floating on top.  Service was horrible.  We were missing things and items were wrong.  It isn't as though it was busy.  There was only one other table with two people.  Our group decided that we were never going back.
5	So glad this really good Thai place is in the West Valley.  They are a little pricey, but the food is great and authentic.  The decor is nice and the wait staff is very nice too.  Highly recommended.
2	I have to start with the fact that we haven't had Thai food before. The hostess was very nice and sat us and got our drinks. Sadly, it went downhill from there. My husband asked to sample a small amount of sauce to see if he would like it before getting an entree and after much back and forth was told no. We got a soup that I enjoyed somewhat but it had something odd in it that was not meat or mushroom no one asked how it was. Both of our entrees had ok flavor but both dishes had meat that was very tough and off flavor, my beef his chicken. Again she never asked if everything was okay. She asked if I wanted a to go and when I said no took my plate either not noticing or choosing not to see that all the meat was still there. So was it just that we are not fond of Thai food? Maybe but the service was less than helpful. I got the feeling that they have their regulars and if no one else comes they are okay with that?So if your a Thai enthusiast and know what you like go for it, but if it's new to you I would say find a more friendly to the newbie joint.
5	I absolutely love this place!!! They have the best wonton soup. Rich, flavorful, and delicious! The food runs on the spicy side so beware! But definitely one of the best Thai restaurants I have ever been to!
4	Really good Thai food - we had been looking for a place on the West side of town - so glad we don't have to drive to Tempe or Scottsdale any more. Green curry was excellent (secret tip - order Thai Hot if you want it really hot!) and the pineapple curry was really good as well. Spicy with hints of sweet. The fried shrimp rolls reminded us of lumpia and was golden brown perfection. We will definitely be back!
1	We stopped in with our little one and the place was empty. They sat us at a table and the white table cloth was filthy! Someone had used it as a napkin. I told our server and she didn't move us. I asked about a dish for our little one and they said they didn't have anything. we decided to get an appetizer to share. We ordered the spring rolls. It tasted like something you would buy from costco. At that point we paid and left. Such a bummer! We were hoping to have a nice Thai restaurant in the neighborhood.
4	The hostess was very nice.  The food was OK.  We ordered dumplings as our appetizer and they were very hot on the outside, but very cold on the inside.  When our main dishes came out, they were very good.
3	Really nice staff and restaurant. Ordered a curry and an eggplant stir fry with chicken. The curry was pretty good the chicken in the eggplant dish was quite bland. Another table at the restaurant had complained about a similar issue and took off right away. The staff were professional about the ordeal but it didn't change the blandness of the food.
3	The Spring Rolls and Pinneapple Curry were very good, but I just wasn't impressed with the atmosphere or service.
5	I used to live across the street from this place and would always order the same thing. Yellow curry with chicken medium spicy. It was always on point and tastes just as I would imagine it does in Thailand! Ha. All orders come with rice. I would usually get it for pick up and it was always cooked super fast and ready in 10-15 minutes! The staff was always friendly and after a while even remembered me haha. I'll be coming here when I visit.
3	This is a good little spot to go.. food is good the atmosphere is nice, stagf is very help full.. my wife is a vegetarian and they did have a nice choice of vegetarian meals for her.. we will go back to this spot and I do recommend this place to everyone I know.
5	They have the best Thai food out here. I always go on the weekdays. The service is wonderful. The food is authentic and very flavorful in the right ways. I love their Tom Yung Seafood Soup. The Curry is also good. Yummy! I need to pay them a visit, I'm getting hungry thinking about it.
4	Great food! Although not exactly traditional Thai food... Americans wouldn't be so excited about it. But overall good food and service.
3	I decided to hold off reviewing this restaurant after my first visit and I'm glad I went with my gut. This place is very inconsistent with food and service. Our first visit was spot on with hot food served hot, cold food served cold and EXCELLENT service. Our second visit was the polar opposite; food tasted 'old' hot food was lukewarm, drinks left empty for a long time, service very slow. Our 3rd visit was somewhere in the middle of both of these visits.If you're willing to roll the dice and give it a try, I hope it's a good evening for you. When they are on, Thai Orchid is OUTSTANDING. The egg rolls are superb. The thai bbq was outstanding. The thai tea is delish.  The service can be friendly, fun, and spot on. I hope they work on consistency and get things in a good direction.
5	Still my go to place for excellent Thai food.   The waitress was superb.  I couldn't be more pleased.  The red curry, so tasty.  I'll be back very soon.
5	Loved this little Thai restaurant. The ambiance is nice and the service was great. My daughter loved their wonton soup and my husband and I shared a spicy chicken pad tai. The restaurant itself was nice and clean and beautifully decorated. There was only one waitress tonight so things were starting slow but the waitress was so kind and apologetic that it didn't even matter. Will definitely return!
5	Absolutely delicious! We recommend dumplings, pineapple fried rice, spicy noodles. and green curry. Homemade coconut ice cream and sticky rice with thai custard...oh my!!
5	My husband and I like this place a lot!!!  We love the pineapple chicken fried rice and sample platter. Always yummy!
4	My husband and I are big fans of Thai food and have eaten it in many cities around the country. Thai Orchid Garden is among our favorites and we are so thrilled to have it right in our neighborhood! We almost exclusively get it for take-out, but we've dined in two or maybe three times. Agreed that the creepy older guy is a nuisance but otherwise have no complaints. We've always found the place clean and the staff attentive and helpful. Highly recommended!
4	Extremely good service and very respectful which kinda surprised me tbh because we don't get that a lot in Az. Food was served in a timely manner and was very good, nice decor and interior, worth the drive, will go back.
1	Terrible! Go somewhere else! We will NEVER go back! Awful Americanized non-authentic in the slightest! The spring rolls, although not representative of Thai land were filled with tons of shredded lettuce, celery stalks, shredded carrot, PARSLEY and 1 shrimp!!! When I asked about a separate menu with more authentic items, the waitress implied because the dishes we ordered were spicy it would taste authentic &  says Ohhh you ordered spicy! In my opinion hot does not mean flavorful!
5	Delicious thai ice teas and pad thai. Yellow curry is my wife's favorite and having several  levels of hotness make this a great place on the west side!
4	I haven't been by in a few months, but I crave this place all the time.  The reason for the 4 star review is because its sooo far away, but the food is totally amazing. I almost always order the PaNang when I go there for lunch.  It's served with a yummy bowl of soup a side of rice and an egg roll.  A great deal for lunch and super filling.  You can get the panang to your spice level preference, but I almost always go for mild as I'm a total wimp.  It is full of yummy peanut and curry flavor and the chicken is all white meat!  Definitely the best Thai food in the city, yum!
3	Service was quick but im a vegetarian and their was meat on my plate. So that was a bit of a turn off.
4	Nice quiet Thai place. Good food, near authentic, but with some Americanization as most Thai food places must do to suit American taste. Good service, adequate portions and tasty  food. Could be a bit more spicy, but I always ask for some spice and they give me a small plate of it to sprinkle on. The times I have been there (5), it has been fairly crowded but did not have to wait to be seated and wait times for food were certainly acceptable. Solid place that I visit when I want some Panang Curry. I will continue to look for quality Thai places, but thus far, Thai Orchid is near the top of the charts for my section of Arizona.
5	Best Thai restaurant I've found on the Westside. My husband and I ordered the Spicy Noodle dish with chicken and it was delicious. My husband's dish was too spicy and the waitress offered to bring him a new dish. The food is definitely spicy and med/hot temperature definitely has enough spice. The waitress was very friendly and the food came out very quickly. We will be returning.
4	Great food!  This is or first visit and the food was excellent!  It was quiet but the staff wad very friendly, clean & fresh food. Fish cakes- fresh tasting & not a strong fish taste. Pa'nang was terrific- hot but not Thai hotThai iced coffee- delicious!Pineapple curry- sweet & spicy...Will make great left oversPineapple fried rice-full plate & kick'n.
