5	Visited Rich Girls Rummage for the first time today... why have I not been here sooner?!?!This little store is packed full with unique vintage furniture and home decor with a modern twist!  Though most of the furniture is resale, its all of high end quality.  Today in the store they had a couch and ottoman, chaise lounge, dressers, side tables, lamps, mirrors, wall art and various other treasures for around the home!  The pieces are all fashionable, chic, elegant, contemporary, glamorous....... and all at a reasonable price!I spoke with one of the owners (extremely nice!!), who explained that new items come in daily! She did explain that they are currently working on a website in order to display their new merchandise.  However, she is using their Facebook page to show off their new furniture, so check there in the time being for whats new and hot in the store!
5	I absolutely LOVE this store!!  Even before you walk in, they have adorable posters, furniture and other wonders outside inviting you to come in.  As soon as you walk in, your attention shoots absolutely everywhere.  It's like you walk into a treasure trove of beautiful , unique furniture, art and other accessories that you just HAVE to have.  Besides having truly amazing, original things, what seriously is the icing to an already magnificent cake are the prices.  Beyond reasonable and more purpose for me to visit regularly.I sincerely wish nothing but amazing things to this establishment.  Top-notch customer service, a feast for the eyes when it comes to selection...I can't imagine going somewhere else first for my home shopping needs.  An absolute gem.
5	Funky, classy, retro, folk; you name it, it seems they have it.  ONLY it's not common stuff they carry.  About 95% is one of a kind and worth every penny.  Oh, speaking of pennies, the prices are very, very reasonable, if not inexpensive.  This place is AWESOME!!! The lady who was working there was great, didn't hover over us as we browsed, but was attentive and friendly when we had questions. They have original paintings, furniture, sculptures, textiles, jewelry, beaded purses...I love it!!! If you want to add character, style and personality with quality to your space, you have to visit this place.  You really won't be sorry!!!
