5	This is the place. This is the place everyone wants to get in on Saturday nights (the only night non-members can get in) and there is a reason! The view is one of the best on the strip and the decor made up of price-less antiques from india. The crowd is rowdy and eager to get partying after waiting in line forever. This is the place to wear your nicest clothes, spend all your money, and dance to the best music. If you have ever been to Las vegas and haven't been here then you are truly missing out. Not everyone knows about htis place but for those in the know, there isn't anywhere else on Mondays.
5	Find a member. Also find the hip-hop room... its mysteriously hidden and has a VIP section. Find a way into there.  Don't go to Vegas without checking this place out. "Members Only" did not die out in the 80s.
2	Maybe I went at a bad time or on a bad night, but I couldn't wait to ditch the place for something more enticing. The crowd was too old, the music wasn't getting any reaction (meaning no dancing), and I can't believe this place is members only... I would never pay. If you like a stiff, older crowd then check it out :)
3	Oohh... ahhh... a posh, semi-secret members-only club in Vegas!  You know what?  It's not nearly as cool as it sounds.  Imagine my disappointment, after getting onto the VIP list with the help of a local connection, but it's the truth.  (The Foundation Room is open to the hoi polloi on Mondays, or else there wouldn't be much point in reviewing it, would there?)Okay, yes, it does feel pretty awesome when you walk up to the unobtrusive podium in the lobby, murmur your name to the hostess behind the desk, and get waved through the ropes to the single elevator.  There's no need to punch buttons, because it only goes one place - straight up to the Foundation (ironically, located at almost the very top of Mandalay Bay).  When the elevator doors open, you're greeted with the kind of quiet, plush elegance that tells you you really don't belong.  The club consists of a series of rooms branching off to either side of a main lounge.  From the lounge, you can also reach the restaurant and the balcony, which really does have a stunning view of the Strip - the best in the city, if the hype is to be believed.  It's pretty spectacular, and so the balcony is always crowded with people wrestling between their desire to gawk and their desire to look cool and jaded.And yes, the decor is not only tasteful but actually beautiful - romantically dim lights, opulent Indian and Asian art and decorations, and exotic wood paneling and carvings.  Smaller, private rooms off the hallways are reserved for private parties, but a quick peek revealed low, plush couches and more elaborate furnishings and art.  The main lounge is where the bar is, but good luck muscling your way up to the front and getting served - and if you do, you'll find yourself paying $12 for a small drink that's mostly ice.  Yum.  A second, smaller room has another bar and (at least the night I was there) a complimentary hookah table set up on one side, with three hookahs bubbling away in different flavors.  Bowls of plastic-wrapped disposable mouthpieces were set out, so you'd just grab one and get ready to puff - an uncharacteristically free bonus in an otherwise insanely overpriced place.The music wasn't anything super-special - muted trance-house with a vaguely Asian flavor in the lounge, and more hip-hop in the smaller room.  But everyone is too busy looking hott and being way too cool to actually want to dance, so all there really is to do here is silently judge each other's outfits and suck on your expensive ice drink.  This is okay for about an hour, but then it gets old fast.I'm glad I went to the Foundation Room for two reasons: to see that magnificent view, and to have my illusions about exclusive members-only clubs demolished.  Yeah, it's posh and people are probably wearing outfits that cost more than my annual salary, but you'll have way more fun slurping $2 beaker shots and dancing to disco at Gay Corners, where everyone's allowed in.  Power to the people!
1	This place is not special at all.  How it's members only?  I don't know.  Initially you're greeted with the lounge area that feels like some private party, not a happening scene.  The saving grace of the place is having a drink with a view of the strip.  The food was okay.  The lobster salad for $18 was HORRIBLE.  I wouldn't go back.
4	"The sensor is like a clitoris.  Once you find it, you're all set."This was what was told to me by the bathroom attendant as I was having trouble engaging the sensor at the sink.  I had to share the story with my friends once I got back to the table.I was torn between a 3 and a 4 here.  The Foundation room is on the top floor of Mandalay Bay.  You need to be a member to get up here, but fortunately on our trip for NYE, one of our friends' brother had a comped meal so we all had dinner there for FREE!  FREE!  Ain't nothing wrong with free.The pain in the ass was that it took us 7 hours to drive from LA, normally a 3-4 hour trip.  Most of us weren't going to wear formal shoes.  Yet that was their policy.  Literally, some of us were wearing t-shirts and track jackets, but apparently as long as you wear formal shoes, you can get in.  As we got in, we saw the person at the elevator on the first floor preventing an irate woman from letting her and her "date" in.The food was pretty good and the service was amazingly fast.  The 8 of us ordered 4 starters, an entree each, and 3 desserts as well as several beers.  ALL COMPED!  There was nothing spectacular about the food but it was pretty good.After dinner we went to the adjacent rooms and walked around the dance floors.  The music was super loud and people were partying the night away.  We didn't dance as we were tired, but we did appreciate the fantastic views of the strip from the top floor terrace.Were it not for the stupid dress code (we had to rush back to our hotel to get proper shoes for our 10:15p reservation), I wouldn't be so torn about giving it a 4.  The service, comped meal, hilarious attendee made this a solid 4.
4	great view, sort-of, of the strip. it's at an angle, but still pretty decent.went to this place once, but fell in love immediately. the comfy couches and carpet scenery definitely created a great ambiance. the bartenders were pretty nice in my opinion, and when i made a mistake on an order, she let me go. i guess b/c i was nice, too... ne ways, the main room the night i was there had house music, some good tunes too might i add. only reason i wouldnt give it 5 stars is that the hip hop room was too small! the hip hop room is always too small in many places...shrug
3	Saturday night - After dining upstairs in the House of Blues Foundation Room, the BF and I wandered through this elusive lounge to check out the scene and to enjoy the view.  Yes, the view is absolutely fabulous.  With the Mandalay Bay Hotel being at the south end of the strip, it gives you a fabulous view looking up the strip.  And yes, we took a picture up there too.  With a view like that, who doesn't? While enjoying the view, you also meet the most interesting of people who are happy to invite you to party with them, and I do mean 'party' in all ways Vegas can be interpreted.The music was okay, and the crowd was interesting.  There was a variety of people, in terms of age and genre.  I can't say the same about the ethnic card though as there wasn't such a diversity at all.  We checked out some of the smaller rooms and danced a bit.  I wasn't too impressed by the cow who tripped over her drunk self while apparently trying to dance sexy and in the process stuck her heel into my foot. (And of course, I was wearing open-toed shoes.)  It wouldn't have been so bad if she apologized or excused herself, but she was so drunk and embarrassing that the guys around her were having a 'good' time with her.  Odds were they were both trying to figure out who gets to take her home 'cuz you know she was going to go home with someone, it was just a matter of who.  (If I were them, they both should have negotiated and both gone with her!)  The ladies' room gets crowded as everyone is in there fixing their make-up and you're bound to find someone, anyone kicking back with the restroom attendant.  I wasn't sure if it was a guest or a cocktail waitress, either way, she was just sitting in there chatting it up all night long. It's not that crowded on a Saturday night because you do need to be on the list or a member.  Monday nights are crazy because that's when they open up the doors to the public.  I would only return for the view, but that's about it.  Better music and atmosphere can be found elsewhere.
3	I definitely give this 1 star for the view- the outside terrace just gives you a panoramic view of the strip and when the weather is warm- you get that balmy feeling... the inside in done up in a pacific tiki interior- from chairs to the walls...a little too dark for my liking but definitely deserves the intimate feel it possess 2 stars...drinks are well made...3stars
2	It's worth a look just to see the view from the terrace and the over-the-top decor.  I'd like to come here wearing a Members Only jacket just to bask in the irony.
5	Okay so the view is great. I got in on a Thursday through a connection. The place was not so busy. I liked the decor. It was private and cosy. Just the place to take your companion. I'd go again. Video of the View:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JHDfj7xBpY
4	It's all about the view!The music was a good mesh of new and fav's. The cozy atmosphere made you feel like you weren't missing anything on the strip. I spent most of my evening on the balcony staring out at the city lights and the most amazing view of the strip. I was there on the weekend, cannot comment on the weekdays.
4	Monday night in Vegas? GO TO THE FOUNDATION ROOM... that's if you're lucky enough to get in.... If you're a guy expect to pay at least $30. Girls can get away with less, but if you want to wait a little less than be prepared to spend about $20.This club is AMAZING! I know this analogy might sound lame, but if you were ever a fan of the Osborne's... you might just like this place. Being at this club reminded me of partying at the Osborne's house. There were even fireplaces and couches... OH SO COOL.Our favorite room of the evening? The House Room... it had the best view of LV in all it's glory! Music was good, too... think Lily Allen House remixes... Loved it!  The hip hop rooms were fun, too...  one was overly crowded but fun no less!This place is now my second favorite to Tryst! :)
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this place.  After having dinner over at Mix on a Monday night, the wine sommelier (I forget his name, but he was truly a refreshing change from the norm in Vegas) offered to make a call over to Foundation to ensure that our party would be able to get in.  I was initially worried because our group consisted of 4 males - me being the only female.  Nevertheless, we had no problems at the door (not even a cover), and up the elevator 50 floors we went.Foundation room is very aesthetically pleasing, as it is decorated in an old-world gypsy/indian/bhuddist theme with lots of lavish fabrics and oriental rugs.  It was a pleasure to wander around from room to room and explore what each had to offer, and every room offered amazing views of the sparkling city.  The rooms are all located off of a long hallway, each one having a different musical theme.  We spent most of our time in the hip hop room and out on the marvelous balcony. The view, people.  You look straight down the strip, with the huge Mandalay Bay sign at your level just feet away in all its glittering glory.  The balcony is quite large, and there was ample seating for everyone.  The only negative thing that happened here was how some racist douchebag made a derogatory comment towards a woman right in front of us.  He would have been a real downer if it weren't for the fabulousness of Foundation room that made up for his idiocy.
5	WOW!  Not sure, but I don't consider this a dance club (except maybe Monday nights).  I love the Foundation Room for a number of reasons.  First, it is very "un-Vegas".  It is a great place to take clients, and is exclusive.  A lot of business gets done there.  Second, it is typically quiet.  When in town and not entertaining, I like to go to watch a game and have a great appetizer and drink in the video room. Third, dinner is 5 stars.  Not an inexpensive dinner mind you, but very memorable.  Yes, people get in on the "list" or "comped" up from the hotel/casino and act poorly.  But the membership is typically much better behaved.Mondays are the example of nights to miss, unless you want to mingle with that ...
5	Per my review of Mandalay Bay:A must, should you have the opportunity, is the Foundation Room.  The food - mmmm...my event was completely catered with incredible delicacies from Asian delectables, ribs, shrimp, and more to a the most lavish spread of goodies waiting to be dunked in the towering chocolate fountain.  Then there is the view......that's all that needs to be said...the view.  Comfortable nooks and rooms of historical enchantment suck you in and forbid you to leave.  It's totally chill and relaxed...hope you have great experience as well.
4	Hhmm..It was nice. Probably not worth being a member there. Older crowd. (*wink wink* they parttay and ring their tabs in the thousands LOL) Women..go with women, they dont seem to mind or charge if you're all women (this excludes trans). The only reason I give it 4 stars and not 5... SECURITY, PLEASE STOP LETTING THE PROSTITUTES IN!!!
4	The architecture was great though the crowd wasn't so much for me.  Definitely older dull types.  I guess that's what you get with a members only place.  The view is absolutely amazing though, definitely the best view in Vegas.The drinks aren't over priced, it's a good place for a date or to entertain someone but not a place to get down at.  From what I've been told the food is amazing but we were only there for drinks.  I'd go back.. on a different note though, good place though.
4	We were told that the Foundation Room was the place to go on Monday nights.  However, the night didn't start off too well since we had to wait in line (which I don't like doing) haha.  After we got in, we walked around and went outside to check out the view.  I wish it wasn't so cold outside, I would have stayed out there longer.  The view was amazing.  (check out my pictures)  We went back inside and had a blast drinking and dancing.  There were a lot of friendly people there which made it nice as well.  I definitely would go back!
4	Only open to the public on MondaysIt was a nice place to hang out at especially since not that many people know about it! You have to take a special elevator to get here and like I mentioned earlier, only open to the public on Mondays.I had a pretty good time here considering the couple I went with were getting into arguments.The music from what I remember was crappy but toward the end it didn't matter because I was getting liquored up. If you do have the opportunity to go to the Foundation Room, pretend you're a local. Local girls get in for free. The Local guys however, you have a cover of $10 I believe. Just send in a hot girl to talk to the bouncer and have her sweet talk everyone's way in.  =PBTW don't forget to bring your camera. The view from the balcony is gorgeous!
5	I spent this past Saturday night (my 30th birthday) at The Foundation Room at the top of The Mandalay Bay.  I couldn't have asked for a better way to spend my 30th.  It's a member's only place, but somehow my best friend made arrangements in advance for a group of 8 of us to go.  It was such a great time!The interior decor is stunning, it's cozy yet not crowded, the crowd is just out to have a good time (not typical Vegas cheesy or pretentious), the view is unbelievable, and the dancing and music were just perfect.  I had such a wonderful time here.  Next time I go to Vegas, I definitely want to head back.  This was by far my favorite spot during the weekend.
4	NO cover, NO line, NO nasty people, and a cool view from the balcony!
5	Best club in Vegas!!!Outstanding ambiance, with alluringly seductive rooms with outstanding decor, each with different types of music.  There is also a decently sized balcony that overlooks the strip (how do you beat that?).The music (DJ) is just amazing and you can't beat the ambiance, it never gets too packed or stuffy like the rest of Vegas' clubs.  Hands down the best club!
5	The first time you come here the first thing you notice is the decor...kind of funky.  Personally, I like the patio area best because when it is busy the inside is just dark and crowded.
5	Foundation Room memberships and proceeds  support the International House of Blues Foundation, a charity dedicated to promoting cultural understanding and creative expression through music and art. Have fun and give back, sweet deal!The staff is top-notch, the food is amazing and the drinks are divine. And the view is awesome - GO!
4	The Foundation Room sucked me in with the Moroccan themed decor. The walls were wrapped with warmed colored cloth patches and the small intimate scattered lounge areas allowed me to sink into the sofas with comfort yet still sip on my glass of Cakebread Chardonnay. The view at the top floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel is one of the most spectacular that I have seen of the strips bright neon lights. And of course membership proceeds benefit the International House of Blues Foundation, a non profit the benefits the arts.Definitely a place I will be visiting again soon.
1	Ugh so disappointing; especially since I had such a great time last time.Couple of things 1) If "locals" are free, why did my friends who are local have to pay? 2) When did it become socially acceptable for ppl to see a girl get finger banged in her butt? I know #2 intrigues most of you so let me explain. There were these 2 "girls" (should be more like whores but whatever)  who were sitting next to the door all over themselves. BTW a guy was there too. So OK they're making out whatever, but when you start seeing one of the girls spread eagle and start getting fingered in the butt, that's just nasty. I don't care how horny you are, you do not, I repeat, do not need to get fingered in the butt in public. That grossed a lot of ppl out, obviously. Made me and the group leave the bar for a while.The other big reason why I now think this place suck is the management. The guy who let us in the last time is now a huge d*ck.  A group of us were trying to go to another room only to have one of the huge wooden door slam into my friends face. Of course my friend tried to protect herself by putting her hand out but the manager said she was shoving the door open? WTF?! We weren't even there for 1 hr. None of us were drunk but got kicked out for "slamming the door". Would I go back here again? I don't think so.
5	We love you Maurice!!!!!!!Courtesy of Maurice, my friends and I were escorted here Friday night on our club hopping tour of the Mandalay. We had just come from the Mix and I have to say that this place put the Mix to shame. The crowd inside were really nice and the music and the decor were great. My most favorite bit were the private rooms found down a long hallway. One was left open and unattended so we snuck in and savored the plush couches, chairs, cushions, piped in music and a view to die for. I was in awe because I have never been clubbing in Vegas, and this was a great way to start off my vacation weekend, and I will be recommending it to my friends.
4	Daisy K will confirm, I am not one to be thrilled by a membership oriented club, however, the Foundation Room seems to set itself apart from my general disdain of places like this.  The decor is awesome, funky, ecclectic, and perfect for a higher end, rock oriented joint. The artwork is all authentic, which sent me over the edge being an art history major (leaving the art history behind shortly after college however, to make a bit more money!).  Excellent spots for private functions.  Great drinks, great service.  SPECTACULAR views of the strip from the outdoor patio.
3	The Foundation Room has a funky oriental decor and the ambiance is a little dark and mysterious. The view outside is breathtaking. The crowd is on the older side - I would say half of them are in their late 30's and early 40's. If you are in your early 20's this place is probably not for you. It's definitely worth checking out once in your life time - you'll have to decide yourself if you want to return.
4	We were there Sat evening before the Madonna concert at the MGM across the way.  Classy joint, funky, eclectic decor, very welcoming, relaxing and chic.  I felt right at home there.The place was dead but according to the bartender, the place doesn't get going until 11p with DJ and dancing.  Surprisingly our drinks were well priced.  We've paid a lot more for the same stuff at other bars along the strip.  5 Stars for the view.  It is truly amazing. -1 Star for no "specialty drink" menu.  Although the bartender was creative with our request it would be nice to have specialties to choose from, especially since professional mixologists do an awesome job at combining unusual and unexpected flavors.If you go, try to check out the different themed rooms for private dining, partying, etc.  What a superb gem in Vegas and exclusive too.  They only let non-members in on Mondays.  Luckily I was able to get a temporary pass through my credit card for FREE....feeling like a big baller when I'm really not :)
4	Its the BEST place to act like an ass and buy drinks for C-List celebrities, NBA players and cool peeps that are stoked and wanna party after you collect your winnings from the sports book. So the crew bets big on Oscar to lose and wins huge when he does, and takes the $$$ to the best view probably in all of Vegas. The drinks weren't that expensive, The music was cool party music that's ignorable and danceable all at the same time. Best time ever on a Vegas Saturday night or it could just be the euphoria of winning talking.... nah this place is rad.
1	Because there is no ZERO.What a hyped up joke and the view is terrible, JFC, The Mix is right around the corner if you want a view.With all there is to do in FLV, going to the airport home is better than going here.
4	My boy D and I hit up Foundation Room after a long day of work and sightseeing.  We were just looking for a relaxed vibe and a drink or two.  Luckily I had a connection to get us on the list, so can't really comment on cover costs.  The bouncer at the bottom of the elevators was cool to us and we got in pretty quickly.FR was actually smaller than I thought it was going to be, but then again I think there may have been some other (private?) rooms that just weren't open the night we went.  The VIP couch areas take up a good amount of floor space in the main bar area (especially if people are dancing in the free space).  But the view is great from the balcony and the drinks aren't too expensive.For the most part I enjoyed the crowd.  A couple of groups in the VIP couch areas who seemed to be having fun and were an attractive crowd.  A handful of cougars on the prowl, and your complement of single guys and gals with their eyes constantly scanning the crowd.The decor is very Zen with a large Buddha guarding the entrance to the club once you step out of the elevators and some great wall decorations.  The combination of serene decorations and mellow music made for an enjoyable couple of hours.I'd recommend people to check it out.  It's not wild and crazy like some other Vegas clubs, but that's part of the reason why I liked it.   More low key, mellow, loungey, than your typical over-the-top Vegas style club.  Most people probably wouldn't want to spend their entire night here, but it is definitely good for a couple of hours.
4	The ladies and I came here for some bachelorette celebrating on Saturday night at 11:30pm. A coworker of ours put us on the guest list, so not sure how hard/expensive that would have been to get in. I was a little put off at first by the crowd... wasn't expecting an older, 40ish type crowd, and the area seemed small since there were a few private tables/sections that took up half the space. The view from the balcony was amazing, but too cold for us to stay out there to hang out. Claudeen worked her charm and we were able to walk around and get a tour of the back/VIP rooms thanks also to our boy Ralph. During the tour, we proceeded to meet some friendly brothers and their friends that just wanted to dance and have fun. So of course, we obliged and had a great time... lots of hilarious pictures ensued. We also randomly met Dean Roland from Collective Soul, nice guy and his friends were funny and just enjoying themselves. Unfortunately, I'm not a social butterfly, so I couldn't keep up.The other nice thing was that the place was carpeted, so wearing heels all night wasn't as painful with the padding. Music was okay, we usually prefer hip hop, but we had a great time either way and got to request a few songs. Most of the guys we met that night were super nice and gentlemenly. I noticed though it seemed like there were more guys than girls. And at least it didn't feel like they were staring. Luckily also, our bachelorette didn't get too weirded out with all the crazy stuff we made her do with them. =P We even had a few cuties help us pick our club for the next night too. Too bad they didn't join us, though. ;)
5	One of the BF's friends in Vegas was able to get us on this list for this amazing lounge. If you have the chance to hang out in the Foundation Room, go! It's an amazing experience. For me, the atmosphere of this place is what puts it over the top. The entire lounge has a very sophisticated Asian theme. The walls are upholstered in red and orange patches of mirrored Indian fabric. The doors are heavily carved and you'll see Buddhas here and there. The couches and chairs also provide comfortable places to hang out. The balcony offers an amazing view of the strip. The DJ was very good the night we were there. She played great music and kept the volume loud enough to keep the party going without making it so loud that you couldn't talk to the people around you. Surprisingly, the drinks are reasonably priced for a lounge like this. The bartender also remembered what all four folks in my party were drinking. I am sure she was thrilled we drank round after round between our arrival around 11:00 PM and when the joint closed down at 3:00 AM. I agree with others that it was a bit odd this place didn't have a speciality drink menu. Overall, this place rocks!
4	If you get the chance to get into the Foundation Room, go! The view is fantastic and the experience is unique. The first time I went here was about 5 years ago. I have gone every year since. It has changed a little over the years, but it is always a great time. The drinks are good, and surprisingly, not too expensive.  It is fun to people watch here ... cause you can run into all kinds of characters. People watching is a sport at the Foundation Room!
4	Nice place to go and check out the view from the balcony at the top of Mandalay Bay.  It's right next to the Mandalay Bay sign so you're up 40 some odd stories so the view is staggering.  I always wonder why I don't come here more often since I'm a member but for some reason, there's so many different places to go in Vegas, I kind of forget about this place.  Maybe it's cuz the crowd is a bit older and it's hit or miss on whether or not it's going off or not...but for whatever reason, I should make it up here more often because whenever I take out-of-towners here, they are pretty amazed.  Btw, food in the dining room is great too.  So, if you know a member (or if you know me) coax them to get you up to this joint.  You won't regret it.
2	If it is supposed to be locals night on monday don't ask me for cover. Its an alright lounge but I am not paying cover for the right to purchase over priced drinks. I left they can keep their liquor on the shelvesI have been there before its a nice view but not worth the hassle.
5	It is fun to people watch here ...People watching is a sport at the Foundation Room! I agree. you have to be in the know. It's definitely the place where it's MEMBERS ONLY!memberships are soo ridiculous in annual fee. That's no wonder you see 50 something men trying to act in their 20's.Ive been here 2 times. The first in August 2008 during Magic Convention, it was a Monday night GODSPEED @ Foundation Room Mondays.... It was lame I was so hyped up and NO ACTION. Drinks are standard. I had a Greyhound with Kettle One and my friend had a red bull something...The view was WOWZERS!!!!!! all I have to say. AMAZING view from top of the Mandalay Bay Hotel is magnificent. top notch at night.The second time I was here on a Thursday night in September 2008 with a few business vendors. OVERALL it's a snazzy place to be and be seen, the decor is very pristine, manor/mansion legacy decor. The dining room is lavish 50 seat table. Dark mahogany carved wood, leading to outdoor patio balcony. Heavy draped curtains leading to many secret rooms. Lighting is dim and red... very intimate. I like the wine lockers by the main elevators, classy.I will return if another invitation was offered. WHY NOT!? ;p
4	Great view of the strip from the balcony.  The environment is great.  The crowd is interesting.
5	We came to the Foundation Room as a part of a wedding reception. We rode the elevator up from the lobby of Mandalay Bay and it was a long ride, I knew we were going up high. The second you walk into the Foundation Room it feels like you've escaped from the crazy Las Vegas life downstairs. The lighting is dark, the walls are all upholstered with patchwork, and you're met with an enormous glowing Buddha. The room for the reception wasn't ready yet so we waited in the bar. The server's came around asking for drink orders and they were very nice and helpful. Shortly after we were directed to the room where the reception was. Similarly to the bar, the reception room had an amazing view of the Las Vegas strip and the mountains that lie behind. We were served light hors d'oeuvres- things such as baked brie with crusty bread, a vegetable platter, vegetarian sushi, hummus, and chocolate covered strawberries. A server walked around with bruschetta, ahi tuna, and duck skewers. All of the food was very good!In the reception room there was a full bar and the bartendars were quite good. Later in the evening we ventured out into the main bar and went out onto the balcony. I wasn't wrong when I mentioned earlier that were high up. We were at the very top of Mandalay Bay looked down upon the strip. It was absolutely gorgeous and we felt completely removed from the craziness below!I'd love to say that I will be returning here, but since it requires a membership I do not think that will be happening. If you get the chance to go, do it, it's beautiful!
4	My friends and I were lucky enough to get free passes to go to the Foundation Room on a Friday night. We'd gotten dressed up to go to another club, but when we stepped out of the elevator bank a promoter came up to us and handed us four passes for no cover charge. Although the club was a little smaller than I thought it would be, the view was fantastic and the drinks were reasonably priced for Vegas. You can see most of the way down the strip, and it wasn't too packed since it was still fairly early. Only one table was reserved, so there was plenty of seating in the main room, at the bar, and outside on the open balcony. It's not your typical nightclub, but it's definitely a great place to start your night at if you get lucky with free passes.
3	I was really excited when a group of friends and I were able to get on the list to get into the Foundation Room on a Saturday night.  While a couple of friends and I (both guys and girls) were waiting for the rest of our group in the Mandalay Bay casino we were given free passes for admission to the Foundation Room. I should have known there that they were desperate to get people in the door. My friends and I used the free passes to go up to the Foundation Room and wait for the rest of our party there.  I read some reviews before going, so I expected an older, more laid back crowd which was fine by me. What I didn't expect was to see people in flip flops and jean shorts. I understand not having a strict dress code, but at least have some. Yes, the view is really nice of the strip and the decor is pretty cool inside. It is a decent place to go to have a drink, in an intimate setting. In the end, I guess I was just put off by how "exclusive" it was touted then to see a whole bunch of people there in beach wear who got free passes.
4	Rating 4.5 starsI am digging this place. The night we went it was a Sunday night and the place was full but not overly so that you can't walk around the place. Lots of comfy leather chairs to lounge on, good music and a full bar that won't keep you waiting. The inside has dark and rich tones, lots of framed art- from the odd to the strange, decorated ceilings and lots of things that catch your attention. I like that they have some private rooms that is ornately decorated- seems to be a harem styled room-swags of cloth, rich decoration and lots of gold and reds. That night they had a burlesque performer...very fitting for this place. The main attraction here is the view and the lights of Sin City. The view is spectacular...amazing. I heard the Foundation Room seems to be members only but once in a while, they do open this place to the public. If you can, go...it is nice change from the big clubs on the strip and the views will have you appreciating vegas a lil bit more.
5	The Foundation Room Restaurant is for members only on most nights, however, the food, service and views is worth every penny.Truly, this place holds one of the very best views in all of Las Vegas.  The Foundation Room is highly recommended.
5	Having friends in high places pays off when you're in Vegas and ones that have a membership at HOB's Foundation Room at Mandalay Bay are the best kind of friends in high places to have!The view can't be beat! Check out the entire strip in all it's neon glow from the super comfortable patio. The drinks are just what you would expect from a place that is membership only -- strong and tasty.The service is top notch. Lots of smiles and what can I do for you tonight.
4	What a view from the patio! That's what makes the $10 drinks tolerable. A little weird dancing on carpet with heels on... but it works. The decor is so cool and eclectic. Tons to look at. Great music playing and videos above the bar. I was having 90s flashbacks.Did you notice to private lockers for celebrities near the elevators. Very cool.
1	The 1-star should actually read "negative ten."Run by scam artists. To make a long story short, I ordered bottle service, they charged me several times the price listed on the menu claiming I ordered from the "dinner service menu" versus the "bottle service menu." Never mind that this was what they handed me and what I pointed to. Managers were rude, unapologetic, and if it wasn't for the kick-ass cocktail waitress, I wouldn't be sad if the entire place burned to the ground with everyone in it.Also this is allegedly an exclusive members-only club. This turns out to be a loose guideline as the slimy bouncers were trying to wave any skirt passing by through the doors. By the time we left the place was a douche factory. DOUCHEBAGS. GO TO HELL.
5	If you want to unwind after gambling all day or walking the strip. This is the place to do it. It has secluded seating, a giant fireplace, the best view of the strip (from the top of Mandalay Bay), and some of the best food in town.There staff is very friendly and helpful and the mood of the whole place really helps you to relax and get away from all the noise and chaos of the strip and casinos.Whether your up here to just hang out in the lounge or for a full meal, you won't be disappointed. The only thing you need to be aware of is that it's not open to just anyone. You have to be on the guest list to be granted access to the private elevator. If your a VIP of the hotel though it's usually not an issue to get in.
4	Since we were at the Mandalay Bay, we decided to check out the Foundation Room.  Lucky for us, there wasn't a line and we didn't have to pay a cover. We take an elevator to the 22nd floor and there was a cool loungey area with fireplaces and couches.  They played top forty and some old school....like I Wanna Sex You Up and Poison....Too bad I had my heels otherwise I would've battled some of the youngin's with some old school dance moves :)  The best part was the outdoor area where the view of the strip is awesome.  Bascially, you are at the top of the building near the Mandalay Bay sign.  Awesome!  The crowd was mixed, not too young or too old.  It was crowded, but not too packed, I was able to get a stool near the bar and chill for awhile. I wasn't expecting this place to be so cool.  I really liked it.
4	We were staying at THEhotel and got on the guest list on Friday to the Foundation Room when we checked in.  In hindsight, it was one of the best places we have visited during this weekend visit: no cover, no grease or table service needed, crowd and music were good, and drinks weren't overpriced.  The view of the strip from 20+ floor was nice (but soon got beat by the view from Mix, also in Mandalay Bay but on the 60+ floor).  They also have a few dancers to keep the scene warm and the guys happy.
4	The Foundation Room is a sort of hidden treasure. The entrance is very small and there is an elevator that takes you to the top of Mandalay Bay which literally took a minute to reach.Walking into Foundation, it was almost reminiscent of Disneyland's haunted mansion with a hint of elegance and class. It has 2 separate rooms, one with a bar and more of a bigger lounge area and another private room, while the other had more of a living room feel to it. There was even a fireplace. The furniture is very regal and lush and there are candles lit to complete the serene ambiance. The dj that night played good music pleasing to the ears and soul. It was nice not to hear the usual "to the window, to the wall!" type of music. The best part was the amazing view. The balcony overlooks the entire strip so get those cameras ready if you love taking skyline view pictures! The balcony also has couches and standing tables to bask in all it's glory. This is a good place to check out, if you like the social, let's talk and have drinks kind of scene. I went for a Project party, so my friends and I got in free. I read that this place is very exclusive and "very VIP" which in Vegas means you need connections to get in. I've also read that the cover charge is $30, so if you want to shell out money and have a classy time, I suggest you check this place out.
4	Great place, with a great view, and quite possibly one of my new favorite places.I visited this place a while back and never wrote a review for it, but since I just visited this place last weekend I thought I'd write a review(this time).My friends and I were at the Nightclub and Bar Convention and one of the perks for badgeholders of the convention was a club pass for various clubs across town, which included the Foundation Room.Upon entering the place, we went up and started drinking, and having a good time.  Took a bunch of good pictures in the balcony area.  I can't say how much the drinks costs, because I can't really remember how much it was or if it was free.  It's a great place to take friends to hangout, have some drinks and have a good time!!!!!!In the end it was a food i
4	Recently went here the other night after dinner at RM. Overall, its more lounge then night club which was exactly what I was looking for. There are multiple rooms that are great if you get bottle service and have a large party. Also, no one has a comparable view down the strip from their open air veranda. If you have the chance, definitely stop by, get dressed up and check this place out.
4	So the view here is just WOW.  Totally the best part of the club.I came here on business w/ a bunch of clients who took us out for the night.  We had a private room reserved and all the alcohol we wanted to drink.  The best part was passing up the line and having to wait about 0.5 seconds to get in.  I also LOVED how they let my co-worker in who had a pair of Chuck Taylors on.  And you know how Vegas clubs are..... no nice shoes = no entry.Drinks were good since we had table service, so no complaints from me.  The decor was one of a kind.  I've never been to a club before that looked like this.  I kinda felt like I was in some kind of palace, and for a second failed to realize that we were in a club, lol.  The DJ was spinning some good danceable songs, but kinda switched it up too quick.  I saw some cuties here and there, and loved how some people danced even though there wasn't really a dance floor.  It never got too crowded and people were genuinely nice the entire night.  And oh, our waitress was mad foine and said she'd drink w/ me but never did.  Her loss.  LOLOverall one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.  I'm glad I came here and would definitely come back another day.
4	This review is only for the lounge.Cool and hip decore, decent music, and without a doubt the best view in Vegas! The prices of drinks are expensive, but you are paying for the view and atmosphere. Not a place I would stay all night, but definitely a must do for Vegas.
5	Last night 5/30/10 was our second time having dinner at the HOB Foundation Room. Both times we got the special. Last night it was extra special. We both had the "Napa Valley Weekend" a 4 course dinner with wine pairing.Course 1: Braised Pork Belly with a fennel crust, sweet and spicy turnips paired with Chateau St. MichelleCourse 2: Pan Roasted Langoustine with zucchini and wild mushroom paired with Far Niente Chardonnay.Course 3: Kobe NY Strip steak with summer artichoke and roasted fingerling potatoes, paired with Frank Family Cabernet SauvignonCourse 4: Hot fudge cake with key lime sorbet. and paired with Far Niente, DolceThe only complaint is the last wine pairing. It was way to sweet with the fudge cake. I would suggest maybe a special coffee or choc martini possibly.The wait staff was excellent. Looch and RyanThe view is beyond belief from the 42th floor of mandalay bay Hotel
4	Just came for some late night fun a while back.  I had a connection that was able to get me and and a big group of people in for some drinks.  There isn't anything too crazy special about this place that you can't get at another roof top bar.  Has a nice view and upscale decor.  It's supposed to be exclusive, but I don't think it's too hard to get in.  There really isn't a strict dress code.  There were some girls in jeans and long sleeve shirts in there.
3	So the place wasn't bad, but it wasn't spectacular. The view was awesome, the lay out was awesome, but the people were mediocre. The staff was super, super nice. But there was nothing going on other than 5 groups of girls doing their own personal photo shoot/ top model rehersal. There also wasn't any music going on in the 2nd half of the outdoor patio. Needless to say, even at midnight, we left because things were just too...too...too meh. Maybe it was the night, but still. What the hell?
5	Without a doubt The Foundation Room has the most spectacular view of the strip.  I haven't had the opportunity to have dinner there but certainly is a great place to hang out and have drinks.  The weekends are crazy with warriors but during the week is chill and definitely is more "grown up" then some of the other establishments in Vegas.  If you're in the industry, Monday nights are the nights to go.
1	One star is too much, LA & NYC do it better. sky lounge does it better, arrived and got a drink...second drink the bar tender tells me no glasses are left,,drink out of  plastic for eighteen bucks- vodka and soda, plus asked for drinks list,told NO, Pina Colada No! beach drink, horrible experience all round, no tip for arrogant BALD bar tender 2nd drink completeley and utterly ignored me....so left..asked for manager EVAN HUNT...who didn't give an s and  i left, DO NOT GO TO THIS TACKY BAR WITH PLASTIC GLASSES FOR 18 BUCKS and THINKS ITS NORMAL
5	100% Ambiance. Decadent Asian Decor. Location. Exclusive. Visiting- priceless. I came here twice.The best view of the Strip. You know those letters "Mandalay Bay" on the casino, that's where the Foundation Room is! Imagine rich tapestries on the wall featuring elephants (think of India, Bali, Indonesia, Singapore), huge Buddhas, rich dark mahogany wood, custom crafted furniture, plush fabrics, a few private rooms for entertaining, a DJ spinning, pricey drinks ($10- $15 ea.), and a gorgeous view of the Strip (yes, you can go outside, on the balcony). It's a very unique experience and everything is so beautiful. We just went came here for drinks and ambiance.
3	Went up there in the evening one night for drinks only... The view is amazing but after that nothing too great about it.  Very comparable to Ghost Bar.
4	good music, not super smokey, best view in the entire city
3	Really, I give it about 3.5 stars.  The view is excellent, and as a Chicago based visitor I didn't think the drinks were all that expensive.  If you're that worried about what you pay for a drink then keep playing your 5 cents per hand video poker and let the casino drink girls bring your beverages for tips. The view is great! Because Mandalay is at the far end of the strip, you get a full view of the casinos and lights, including the airport. (If you feel daring, you could always try and claim one of the private jets is yours in a pickup line).  All in all, the place is a more private area.  Yes, on Monday nights the public can get access but otherwise it is for members only.If you have the opportunity to go, it's worth the trip and the price of a few cocktails. Just don't show up in shorts and tennis shoes or they won't let you in.
4	It's the Vegas strip.  It's not cheap, so don't expect it to be.  The Foundation Room has become my new favorite weekend dance club.  Despite $5 waters and $9 "cheap" beers, the music makes it worth it.  Admission is expensive, and unless you're either a) female - and can get $10 passes wandering through Mandalay Bay, or b) willing to grease the hand of the doorman (then he may give you his card and you can get this $10 priority admission for your local crew), you'll likely be asked for $30 at the door.As a "local lady" in this town I can generally get into most clubs for free, but it's worth it to me to pay the $10 and go to the Foundation Room for our girls nights out.   The most compelling reason is THE MUSIC.  The DJ generally plays a great mix of hip hop, dance, and rock music from the 80's through today.  The variation is welcome compared to most clubs only playing the most contemporary music (regardless of the quality).  Second, the volume of the music keeps bringing us back!  You can actually hear each other talk in this club!  There's no doubt the volume is loud enough to get lost in if you wish, but even inside you can still understand what people are saying to you and ask your friends what they'd like to drink and hear the responses.  Plus, if you want a break from the boom-boom, just step outside on the balcony.  That brings us to the third plus, the balcony!  A smashing view of the Las Vegas Strip from the southern tip looking north.  If you're lucky enough to be there on a stormy summer night I highly recommend watching the lightening float across the clouds and crash on the surrounding Vegas mountains.Of course there are drawbacks.  Drinks are expensive, and if you're not a rich looking guy the female bartenders will mostly ignore you.  The crowd seems to vary from spry young things to middle age male gawkers.  But, it's Vegas, what do you expect?  I've never found a lack of interesting people to talk to, and I welcome that I can actually hear what they're saying while booty-shakin' to some hip-hop that brings back college memories.
4	Loved this place the moment we stepped foot inside of the elevator to get to the top.  Seven of us girls were in search of a great time and we found it here at the Foundation Room!  Advertised as exclusive and VIP, I thought to myself that surely they were trying to front like other Vegas clubs.  I drank my words as we were offered free champagne and cocktails while dancing to some hot beats!FR offers 3 rooms with spacious dance floors and a patio that is perfect for their gorgeous panoramic view of the Vegas strip.  I admit that their dance floors are pretty small, but after several drinks you won't even notice the cramped space that has you dancing right up on another person :).  The aforementioned patio was a perfect place to get fresh air and if you can handle folks smoking in your "fresh" air (which was a bit of a turnoff but whatever), you get a chance to take in all of the magical spark that makes the Vegas strip what it is.We ended our night here and wished that we started it off at this spot.  Great people, great atmosphere, and I would definitely party it up here again.
1	Great view, good tunes, would be a great place if the bouncers weren't such assholes and super rude. Paid for bottle service (which isn't cheap). The least you would THINK you would get is common decency. Wouldn't go back based on the crappy treatment and utter lack of respect demonstrated by the 'bouncers'. Click
4	By far best rooftop bar view straight down the strip. A little tight quarters and pretty loud inside, and VERY expensive drinks...but you knew that going in.
4	Located on the top of Mandalay Bay, Foundation Room has an awesome view. It's kind of like the Mix Club that's located on top of The Hotel, but has a Buddha theme going on. I went here for my cousins after party and thought it was cool, it wasn't crowded. But around 11:30, there were a lot of people. I only noticed two rooms which were not that big. The main room and the room that is located near the hallway.
3	View is amazing!Awesome layout and decor!Stong Drinks...But the DJ needs to get it together...Credit for doing the video mixing, but music was just all over the place. Couldn't get into the groove... Please fix as I enjoyed this place otherwise...
5	One word...AMAZING. I went with my boyfriend and our friends. We had a connection. We got to skip the line and go up the amazing elevator. We got to see the lockers that exclusive members (Justin Timberlake, Jay Z, ect) keep their booze in. We also got bottle service which was totally worth it. We got sat in one of the lounge rooms. We were pleased with the incredibly comfortable couches. The waitress was so nice and amazing. The female restroom attendant was also very nice. When I walked onto the balcony my jaw dropped. Words cannot describe the view.Being from Colorado, this was my first "exclusive" nightclub I had ever been too. Because of our connection we got a very good deal including free bottle service. It would be very pricey to go to if you did not have a discount. Drinks are VERY expensive. The view alone is worth the money!
4	Best view of the strip. Coolest little new mega casino bar around. Great big drinks and hotties all over. Somehow here I don't feel sleazy talkin' to cougars from Wisconsin. It feels oh so right.
2	Maybe I was spoiled by Tryst the night before or maybe it just wasn't my type of club, but the only good thing about this club is the view of the strip. Lots of old school hip hop which i normally like to dance to, but the setup of the club/lounge wasn't what i expected. They have lots of empty couches that nobody can sit on bc it's RESERVED. Didn't like the carpeted dingy floors. One dance floor playing house and the hip hop was all over the place near the bar. Dancing was difficult with ppl bumping in to you trying to get over to the bar or the patio. Come for the view, leave for a better club.
3	Went here for my mom's 50th b-day. We were joined by a total of 15 other people who are family. Let's just say that there were many complaints on the amount of food given for the price we paid. Not a great place for a large crowd but very doable for a couple's date. Also, the service was not great being that it is a 5 star restaurant. I guess you could say that I simply expected more for the price we paid. I honestly could have gotten a better steak @ Outback for 1/2 the price and larger quantity. I'm giving it 3 stars for it's great decor and ambiance (TAO-like w/ Asian inspired decor & dim lighting).A FANTASTIC VIEW OF THE STRIP!!!
5	If you are a guy, this place is amazing. There are two girls that dance the whole time in almost nothing and they have bodies that would make playboy models jealous! Drinks are average $10 but what can u expect for a place u need to know the right person to get into! The outdoor patio is awesome and offers a great view of vegas.
5	I went to the Foundation Room for a wedding reception this past summer and was blown away.  It was a destination wedding and was a smaller crowd of about 40 or so and we had a private area reserved on one side of the balcony.There was a separate bartender for guests, as well as a DJ spinning for us.  The security was polite but firm with those who tried to wander over to our area.The inside of the restaurant is richly decorated with an Asian vibe and is beautiful.The outside balcony needs no decoration because it towers over the strip and provides you with the most magnificent view in all of Vegas.  Seriously, it's amazing.The restaurant also provided buffet style dinner for all the guests and the manager came out on more than one occasion to make sure that everything was going well.We had been to the Cat House at the Luxor the night before for a welcome party and I know that the bride had a really bad experience with the management there, so she was extra appreciative of the attentiveness of the staff at the Foundation Room.I can't speak for the prices of the drinks, since it was open bar for us.  However, if you're looking for cheap drinks, you're better off sticking to a college town than coming to Vegas.  Everything is expensive!I enjoyed the exclusivity of having our own space at such a fabulous place in Vegas and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking to have a classy wedding in Vegas, or an upscale bachelor/bachelorette party with a bunch of friends.I added some pictures on here, but you're dying to see more, you can do so here: http://bit.ly/chhqTs
4	This is one of the bright spots of my recent trip to Las Vegas.  Hidden well inside Mandalay Bay, this place is definitely a cool kick-it spot with a fantastic view.  We went there on a Thursday night and got great table service for our party.  Our lovely waitress was always around making sure our drinks are filled to the top and she is definitely a sight for sore eyes!  There were a few go-go dancers working their magic around the main room and they too are easy on the eyes.  Love the vibe...definitely very laid back.  Definitely tipped my cap off to the DJ playing his set.  The music selection was awesome!  Mix of current hip-hop and stuff from the 80's and 90's.  Wow...it was like going down memory lane when Easy E, Dr. Dre and Ice Cube came blaring through the speakers.Now comes the kicker.....the magnificent view from their outside balcony.  All I can say is....it's breathtaking and it's a great perspective of how life should be!  Have fun....keep your head up...and keep your friends around you close.
2	No you don't have to be a member (you just don't have to wait in as big of a line if you are). Restaurant by day and mini club by night. Its in a cool location at the top of Mandalay and the views are great. Same as every other high end lounge in Vegas, the sky is the limit on what you can spend here and the dancing and place does not even think about getting going tell 12ish. The few times I have been here I have never seen a decent bartender, they hire for looks not talent or serving speed, basically service sucks and nothing with kill you buzz as fast as having to wait 10 minutes for a drink.
2	I was only in this place for about 2 minutes. I went on the patio, I believe this place has the best view of the strip in Vegas. Outside of that the place was extremely small. I thought we were in someone's living room. I can't even remember what kind of music they were playing.
4	Ok. To whoever said it has the best view, this is false. The patio at this club/bar is tiny and the view is not as good as at MIX, which is in the same hotel. However, one evening MIX was closed and they sent us to foundation room. They charged a cover for the guys (originally $30 but we negotiated down to $10) and chicks were free. Once we were upstairs we entered what looked like the haunted hotel. It was very dark, rock and roll, with a bit of an osbournes feel. It smelled like incense. Inside the bar there's about 4 sections with couches and chairs which you can reserve, and there are two private rooms as well, away from the bar and the music. The bar and dancefloor are a bit small but the music was fantastic. On a Monday night, we had a crowd in there that was unreal. By midnight it was so packed you could barely get across the room. Very happening place. We had a blast and I'd definitely come back. On a quiet night I imagine it would still be a great little spot for a drink.
4	Located at the top of the Mandalay Bay, it is a small, intimate and beautiful venue.  Entry into this place was a courtesy for staying in one of their suites.  The only thing that detracted from the experience were the douchebag little boys at the door.   The music was great, not too packed, great service, beautiful surroundings...all make for a fine evening.
4	I can't tell if this is the restaurant or the bar that I'm reviewing. I can't find anything but this, but it seems like most reviews are for the club/bar. Whatever. I was kind of drawn to this place due to the reputation it has for the view - but I think I missed the view. From the Restaurant itself, it's not really that fantastic. I had to have been in the wrong spot. It was nice, don't get me wrong, but not breathtaking. And, I do want to mention the incense smell when you step off the elevator...it reeks. To me, all incense reminds me of urinal cakes. Don't ask me why, don't try to rationalize it...but it does. And that's not what I want to smell whilst eating. To the food - I started with a Caesar salad, which was fine. Pretty normal - a thinner than expected dressing, good greens, good cheese...oh, and what made it worthwhile? A giant cracker made entirely of baked cheese. Amazing. Worth ordering just for that. My entree was a New York Strip, supposedly dry aged even though the menu didn't note this (and I would think would do so if it were true, as that's a selling point). The steak was well cooked, nice grill crust, nice and juicy. A little tooth, but nothing out of the ordinary. Honestly, my first and last bites were best, as those delicious end pieces have more of the salty peppery grill crust. So maybe they could amp that up a little bit. Along with it came some nice kale and a white cheddar au gratin, and the steak was topped with some coarse mustard ale butter. That butter was a really nice surprise, and I think it probably made the meal. The tangy mustard wasn't harsh, but was a great accompaniment for the savory au gratin, the slightly bitter kale, and the salty steak. Cut through what might have been a kind of uniform tasting meal. I've not seen mustard like that used as a sauce on a steak, but I applaud it. Without the sauce, this is probably a 3, but with, I think it's a 4. I didn't leave any behind. Service was good, not rushed (even though dining alone, I'd almost prefer to be rushed out of the place - what else do I do while I'm waiting for the next course or the check?). They do offer your choice of white or black napkins, which is a nice touch. And the price was reasonable for a good steak, especially when it comes with a few little sides rather than just being meat on a plate. Definitely worth a visit.
3	First off, understand that when I go out I want to dance not just "chill" or "hang" or whatever... so knowing that, read the restI feel like the foundation room is filled with people who couldn't get into Ghostbar.The view is rad, and we got there around midnight with no line whatsoever.I enjoyed sitting on the patio, people watching, but kinda wanted to move on to the next club, which was PURE... and was filled with dancing people.  Three stars for strong drinks and a good view, and three stars for lack of fun things to do besides make fun of d-bags hanging out looking for trainwrecks.
3	Go for the view. That's about it. I'm not into clubs but I can deal with lounges (I'm too old for either of those scenes, really). But, I could see this being a decent place to hang if you're with a good group. The balcony area is decent but can get crowded quickly and there are only a few places to sit. Inside you can sit if you want bottle service. They've also got a few rooms that were roped off... I guess for bottle service also. The bartenders were quick and friendly and there were some decent go-go dancers. The crowd was a bit older -- upper 30's and up. If you really want to head up to the 60-whatever floor to see the view, go ahead. Take a pic, admire the strip, get a few drinks, hang for a bit, and head somewhere else.
2	First and foremost let me say that the Mandalay Bay hotel is AMAZING and their guest services were fantastic, beautiful hotel and I would definitely stay there again. On the other hand, I didn't have the greatest experience when i came to their 'night life' Two of my girlfriends and I were making our way through the Casino to get to the tram because we had a couple places to go meet some people at over in NY NY. A man approached us with those free admission cards to get into the Foundation room. We for sure wanted to check it out, so we told him we would come back later because we needed to go somewhere else first. He was super nice and said he'd be there the rest of the night and to come find him when we want to get in. So.. we did, we left ROK over at the New York, which was pretty fun - and made our way back to Mandalay. Found the guy and he walked us to the door man and said 'have fun!' well, the door man - his name is Demitri, didn't even look up to smile he just asked for our ID's and 10$ ... it was about 12:30am by this time. I'm not a pre madonna but i'm also not going to pay 10$ at midnight when i left the club i was at before where i got in free. You ladies know how great it is in Vegas cause everywhere is free.. so we went back to find our guy and he walked us up to the door assuring Demitri it was OK that we get in for free. Demitri went off - telling us that no one is getting commission for the 3 of us to get in, and throwing it in our faces making it seem like we're robbing this guys job. I looked at the other guy who had been helping us and he was SO nice and again, assured Demitri it was OK for us to get in and he didn't care. I wish i could have gotten the nice guys name, but i was sure to get Demitri's on my way out because that is no way to treat people, especially ones who are paying a lot of money to stay at their hotel AND on alcohol once we got up there. Fortunately the view was worth the harassment but i can't say i'll ever recommend someone to go there unless they want the door man to put up a fight with them or pay to get in when you can get in for free pretty much anywhere else!
1	Why was i excited to go to the foundation room? 1) used to be members only- maybe the once "exclusiveness" sounded intriguing (maybe this should have been a warning flag) 2) LOVE the view at Mix and thought this might be another great one 3) received wrist bands from a guy at Mandalay Bay that gave Ladies hosted bar from 10pm-12am and were told ladies were free and guys were "reduced" admission for a steal at $20. It was only 9:30 so the husband and I walked around and dropped some cash in the casino. We made our way over to the entrance around 10:30- no line, just a few guys that worked there. We walked up to the dude working there and I inquired about the hosted bar. He says "we aren't doing that". So I ask why they would give me a wristband that clearly says Ladies hosted bar from 10pm-12am and he repeats "we aren't doing that". So I ask if we can just both get in for free since this is clearly a bait and switch situation. He looks at me like he does not know what that phrase means. The husband says something "polite" and we leave. Bottom line- I am rating the door experience only since I refused to pay for a hustle like that and you can get a great view and great service at Mix. You can also get a great view of the strip from the Voodoo Lounge. There are way too many great places and views in Vegas to deal with crap like that.  I love many of the restaurants and bars at Mandalay but this one sorely misses the mark. We will be dropping our alcohol money elsewhere!
4	This club/bar was on the club tour that we were on. It was actually the last place of the night.I didn't know much about it, so when I got to the place, I wasn't aware that it was on the top floor. The night I went, the music was definitely on point and like everyone touched on, the view of the Las Vegas strip was pretty amazing. Me and the people that I was with just chilled on the outside area with the couches for the night and just danced to pretty good music. Would definitely go back again
4	Awesome place!  Loved the view outside -- you get an awesome view of the strip!
2	Top of the hotel? Exclusive? Great view? Let me in, already!The elevator to the Foundation Room is closed off and you need a reservation or else they won't let you in. Rode up to the top uninterrupted and was ready to chow down right away.After getting out of the elevator, I couldn't help but gag at the decor in this place. It screams old boys club (which is what it was originally). However, for the amount of hype this place builds, I was hoping for such much more! Not some tacky, gaudy restaurant. And I have a pretty sensitive nose, so maybe it's just me but the place has a very distinct scent to it... which I'm not sure I was loving.We're seated right away -- mostly because the entire place was dead with the exception of one other party. Servers were prompt and helpful with our every need. Then again, for the price I was about to pay for dinner... I expected no less.I ordered the baked scallops while my boyfriend ordered a new york strip steak. We both decided to share the yukon mashed potatoes. I'm salivating at the thought of the juicy baked scallops and can't wait for them to come. I'm expecting something savory and delicious. I wanted something that would stamp out my hunger and leave me satisfied.When they came, I was obviously excited.HOLY SALT! I nearly spit my first bite of the scallop out of my mouth. I couldn't believe how salty it was. YUCK.Boyfriend's steak looks delicious. I wish I had ordered it. He obviously chows down with no issues.Our yukon mashed turned into another salty side platter of herb baked potatoes. Not sure how yukon mash turns into baked potatos, but okay. They were salty as hell.All in all, food was NOT worth it. The view? FABULOUS. Overall, never going again. You can get much better meals and experiences at other Vegas restaurants.
4	Well, I can't comment on the food, as I only went for a late-evening round of drinks (which I think turned into 5 or 6 rounds...).  The place is definitely cozy and welcoming, and while I'm not sure of the guestlist situation, the fellow at the elevator just nodded at us as our group announced itself and ushered us right in.  As it was the middle of the week, the place was pretty calm and not overrun by pretentious twits, which was just perfect by us.  Good drinks with an excellent selection, and a bartender that also sold us cigarettes and cigars made it very difficult to want to leave.From the Buddha at the top of the elevator to the Strip in all of its (lurid?) glory, the views here are worth the trip.
5	Huge portions. Great food. Reservations recommended. Beautiful strip views. A must do since its now open to the public.To save money on this one, visit restaurant.com sign up for their emails, watch for the 80% off sale. Then you can pick up a $50 voucher for $4.00 must spend over $100 but not hard to do. Our total was $135 - $50 = $85 plus tip! Another trick if you want to party here, grab dinner before hand with reservations and then stay the rest of the night in the lounge.
4	How is it  I have not reviewed this place? I have been here a few times now and each time is pretty awesome. Last night did not disappoint. I was there for something the Weekly was doing and it was free appetizers and drinks. Love that so much!!The drinks were being poured hella strong. I almost could not choke down mine it was so loaded!This is by far one of my favorite night spots on the strip. It is not that loud & they dont play a bunch of horrible hip hop. I guess I am getting older and enjoy a more mild club when I go out.Its so nice to hang out on the balcony and check out Vegas in all its glittery perfection.
5	Oooh, it's so exclusive.  Ooh, it's so expensive.  NOT!  Went there last weekend with my best friend and guess what, it was neither hard to get a reservation nor was it that incredibly expensive.  I was in the room all day in the morning for the shooting of a show, and this guy there kept telling us how exclusive this place was, members only, and pointing out that celebrities have their own cubby by the entrance with the the type of alcohol they like to drink.  I called, made reservations, I was exclusive too.When I called I did get asked if I was a member, I said no.  The girl asked "how did you hear about us?" and I said someone told me about it.  That was it.  They do have a dress code for dinner, no tennis shoes, no hats.  Business casual they called it.  However, you can wear jeans.  At the bottom, there were like 3 bouncers, all who melted into puppies when I told them I had a reservation.The service was GREAT, and they appreciated a little humor.  The food was fantastic.  I had some sort of seafood dish which was spectacular.  My friend ordered the lamb, which she couldn't finish, so we took a medallion home.  I ate it cold hours later, and it was still fantastic!The views are, of course, spectacular.  You can see the entire strip.  However, I was taking pics with the Canon EOS 7D and one of the bouncer guys said "I'm sorry, you can't use that camera up here, it's too powerful".  Uh...what?  No clue what that was about, but apparently you should just bring one of those little point and shoot cameras that every drunk girl in Vegas has.Come before sunset, watch the city glimmer at night, then stay for a drink in their uber sexy chic trendy lounges, which I didn't have time to do.Would love to do it again.
5	I've been to Foundation Room at least 10 times but I had to write a review for Temple Saturdays hosted by Nightlife Guru.  I actually had the pleasure of being a guest DJ in the Temple of Boom room.  So awesome to see a classy joint like Foundation Room support local Electronic Dance Music.All the previous times I had been to Foundation Room I only knew of one DJ area which is the main area by the bar.  There you typically will hear Top 40 Club music which is perfect for the tourist crowd.  Just outside the main area there is a killer patio that has an amazing view of the Strip from high above the Mandalay Bay.  There is seating out there with bottle service available and it's a great spot to either grab a smoke or have a conversation without having to raise your voice.But lets face it, I'm loving Temple Saturdays because of the Untz Untz Untz beats they bring.  There is an additional patio area that features some great House Music.  Pat Schoolastra is the resident out there and the man behind Nightlife Guru.  He has been in the game for a long time and knows his House music.  This is real House Music folks which you rarely get to see in a club on the Strip.The Temple of Boom is the room I was able to guest DJ in and I was stoked to see this room being put to good use.  The music you find in this room is the cutting edge sounds of Electro and Dubstep.  I even had the pleasure of seeing Teenwolf Remix drop some Moombahton here which is the latest EDM genre to hit the scene.  Vegas is becoming the EDM capital of North America and it is nice to see Foundation Room embracing the local talent.Few other things worth mentioning are all 3 areas have their own bar with reasonably priced drinks.  Also it is smooth entry as long as you're not wearing shorts, flip-flops, baseball caps, or sports attire.  Big props to Nightlife Guru for Temple Saturdays and much love to Foundation Room for giving them a shot.
3	We got free entry into this place and decided to have our pre-dinner drink here, since we were staying at Mandalay Bay anyway. It was a little early in the evening and the place was dead. We were supposed to get a free drink, but the bartender said that there was something wrong with the little cards we'd been given. When we saw the view from the balcony we decided to get a drink anyway. The view is spectacular. You can see the entire strip and a beautiful mountain-scape. It was totally worth the $7 I paid for a Coors Light. I would check this place out if you're nearby and don't have to pay cover, but I wouldn't make a special trip or pay to get in.
4	Had a really great time here with my friends who are members. Super exclusive and posh, really beautiful. Had some drinks and enjoyed the amazing view before, during and after the sunset.Had dinner here in between. We split a wonderful bottle of red wine and had a cheese board to start. SO delicious and interesting. Probably not worth the price, but really really good (especially if you have some extra money from your winnings!) I had the filet, it was O.K. not the best I've ever had and probably a little overpriced. We shared some mac and cheese, which was super heavy on the truffle. When it comes to truffle oil, more is not always better.Anyway, it was a nice meal and a good time. We had fun and the view is gorgeous. I'd go for drinks, but I think there are better places (for the same, if not cheaper) for the amount of money you're spending.
2	I used to be a member, and I think it's seen it's better days. It's not very exclusive when they hand out passes to everyone who walks into the casino. Now, it just seems old and a bit beat up. It used to be the place I wanted to go. Now, it's just the place I go if (insert club here) is too crowded. As for the food, it's Vegas. You can do better (and pay less). It still is probably the best view in Vegas, and if you can afford the New Years Eve party, it's unforgettable. It was great when you could watch the HOB shows live in the media room.Go for drinks on the patio, but not for any other reason.
5	Dimitri is the best Host! Love this place. Gorgeous view, great drinks and bomb music!
5	Foundation Room has always been one of my favorite haunts in Vegas.  The scene up there on Friday and Saturday nights is great.  They play a great mix of oldies, mixed in with the new hip music.  The food is also great.  Love the flat bread.
1	When baiting clients, no trick is too low.At the door I asked the bouncer if there was any people up there. He said it was but it would cost me $20. Seeing no line whatsoever I was hesitant but went along. When I got up the place was dead, 10 min later they close down because it's so slow.I'll admit that the decor and view is good but a club that hustles clients can never get more than a 1*.
5	As far as Church Dubstep is concerned I am a HUGE fan of this place. It's like you're literally partying at church. Of the two rooms, this place has vintage carpeting, gothic church furnishings, and a Victorian styled ceiling with an awesome chandelier hanging from the center of it. They had a platform changed different shades of neon color while a dreadlocked go-go dancer moved to the rhythms of the music. This place was hard to find. My friend & I hard to ask 3 Mandalay employees before we found the small hallway where the the entrance (elevator) was. As for the other room, I passed it for a second but it looked like it was themed after a Buddhist temple.
5	Cozy, swanky, and earthy is the best way I could sum up this place. We went here last night after watching the Barrett-Jackson auction for a couple of hours.  We had dinner reservations at another hotel, so couldn't spend too much time, but for the time we were there, we absolutely loved it. We were there very early about 7:30, the sun had set and the view was incredible. It feels like you are literally sitting inside the city skyline. There were also a couple of hidden rooms behind the main lounge that we went into. One with a view of the south end of the strip. We will definately be back in the very near future to relax and indulge.
3	This review is for the RESTAURANT portion of the Foundation Room.I came here several nights ago for dinner, and it was ok, nothing great. The food isn't bad, but compared to the price, it's not worth it. I guess if you want a quieter place to dine, and you're a member, then sure, it's ok.I ordered the horseradish crusted, rib-eye steak. Again, it was good, but not great. I would have much rather have had a steak from Mesa Grill.For sides we ordered the mashed potatoes, and something else, which I can't even remember, that's how insignificant it was.The service and ambiance are great though. As everyone has pointed out, the view is spectacular. I'd come back for drinks at this particular Foundation Room, and skip the restaurant. Come to think of it, you can just go to Mix, at THE Hotel for drinks and an even better view.Food: 2Ambience: 5Service: 5Value: 2
5	We had perhaps one of our best dinners here with my wife. Steak for me and chicken for her west awesome!! The wine was good and the waiters were very kind and hospitable. From the door man, to the bus boy-we were treated great. Its an expensive dinner-people here who complain about the price, what were they expecting? Its not sizzler!Anyhow, definitely has the best view of the whole strip! The lounge was good too-we just had a great time and will definitely go back.
5	Best meal of my life!  Some friends of ours are members and made reservations for the four of us for dinner last month.  Upon taking the elevator ride, we were escorted to a private room that was dimly lit and well-decorated with an Indian flair and a fantasic view of the back of the strip.  Soft music played in the background as we sat down on cushy-comfy couches.  Our friend had formed a friendship with the mater'd and we were treated like royalty.  We enjoyed two bottles of their newest champagne (served in wine glasses with ice and mint leaves), enjoyed the tiger shrimp wrapped with bacon as a appetizer, and took photos.  For dinner I had the roasted chicken while hubby enjoyed rack of lamb.  It was his first time eating it and said it was amazing.  I tried a bite and it was!  Our friends ordered several sides including truffled mac n cheese, which I tried and enjoyed.  I was very satisfied with the meal.After dinner we went out to the bar and ordered drinks.  While the men drank whisky, us ladies enjoyed a drink new to me: pineapple upside down cake (in a double).  So good!   We went out to the balcony which offered a gorgeous view of the strip and "front row" seats to the Avenged Sevenfold concert playing across the street.  By far, my night at Foundation Room was the best night in a long time :)PS.  It was really cool to see the private lockers of some of my favorite celebs!  Too bad the night didn't grant me a sight of the actual person.
3	Nice view, OK crowd (could be better). Only upside is I got in for free.
4	Love this place. The balcony has a great view of the Strip.
5	I LOVE the bar!!!  The decorations are amazing!  The view is incredible!  I try to go here whenever I'm in Vegas
4	Very GOOD restaurant. kind of a guys spot... Don't really know why but it wasn't overly romantic. The steak is is out of this world, get it with the horseradish Parmesan crust. The also have a great short rib app along with their oysters. For dessert try the bread pudding with an espresso!
4	I always had a great time at the Foundation room. The drinks are always great, and the patio has a great view of the strip....check it out, you will like
4	Best part about this place is the fact that Mandalay is at the end of the strip and the balcony @ Foundation Room gives a gorgeous view of the entire strip making a great photo-op.
3	"GET READY, SHAVE!" was the gentle message I received on a Tueday night. '"Why?" I whine....." it's the Vegasinc Women to Watch 2012 awards" says Wifee. Women to watch I muse, Julia Roberts?, Madonna ? Who? .....surely not a Kardashian I hope. But this is Vegas it's probably a Hilton?Alas, none of the above, it was a ceremony honoring local business women, usual suspects including Dawn Gibbons ex wife of some ex- someone.So arriving at Mandalay Bay, I'm disappointed the Valet guys are grumpy and don't seem to really want to park your car. " Where is The Foundation Room?" I politely ask the grumpy munchkin, "There's a sign by the elevator".Inside, no obvious elevator so we wander around an almost empty gaming floor until we find the correct one. Front door, turn left towards the shops.Private lift to a very high floor, unusual room, decorated like I picture Genghis Khans private boudoir. Fancy carpets, Buddhas, cool art. More grumpy staff behind the bar, is it because everything is comped? Don't know but grumpy no less. Outside there is a cool large balcony with a view worthy of the price of admission. Because it was an early award thingamabob there was little in the way of food, some cheese and chocolate covered strawberries but free Martinis , that's ok! A maze of a place and after spending a couple of hours there I am still not sure whether The Foundation Room is a restaurant, club, lounge, combo or merely HQ for grumpy staff. But looks very cool, a little different, awesome views and one day I'll return and figure out its true identity.
4	Through some good fortune I am a Foundation Gold member this year which has allowed me the opportunity to eat at the restaurant and hang out at the club more often.Restaurant:They changed their menu from the last time I dined here. It is now based around small plates and appetizer size foods. A la carte meats and cheeses, oysters, and other treats. They have a few large items that I have not tried yet. My wife and my dining plan is usually to try a bunch of small stuff and share.In an age where restaurants seem to be cutting back on the size and diversity of bread baskets, this one is wonderful. Four types of bread and a trio of butter. The short rib with spicy kimchi is unique and tasty, and spicy. The chicken lollypops are chicken wings elevated with two delicious sauces. The pork and prawns which lacks any discription on the menu is two large bacon wrapped shrimp and a slaw. Can't really go wrong with something wrapped in bacon.My only real problem is that my oysters seemed to be shucked with a hammer. They were very fresh and tasty, but there were substantial shell bits in most of them. On a related note, I was at a party in the lounge that was serving food and the shrimp pot pie I had (although very good, and in the cutest little cast iron skillet you've ever seen) was also full of shell. Keep an eye on the prep work guys and I'll be happy.The Club:I'm kind of like an old person here. I don't go here late very often when the DJ is going and it has more of a club feel. It is a great place for the view and it's nice to bring people from out of town up here for a little bit different experience. Most of the time the bartenders are very cold and not too worried about you. The drinks are a couple dollars more than downstairs at Mandalay Bay, but the 20% off member discount helps. They also hand out 2-for-1 coupons in the casino that are good for well drinks and domestic beers that help out with the cost as well.
4	I got really lucky on Friday night.  I was with 2 male friends, and they had asked if we could go to a club.  I told them most places would charge us a hefty cover, and we'd have to wait in a big line.  Walking into the Mandalay Bay, we were headed for a bar and got intercepted by a host.  He offered us some 2-for-1 drink passes at Foundation Room.  When I inquired about cover, he hemmed and hawed and eventually said he could walk us in.  It was a few moments of confusion at the door, as I don't think he was supposed to walk in 3 guys, but it worked!We made it up to the bar with minutes before 10pm, when the 2-for-1's stopped working, and we got a round of drinks.  $18 for 2 rum & cokes and 2 beers.  OK prices, but we wouldn't be sticking around for a full priced round.I've been there before but they hadn't . Obviously the view is amazing, though I prefer the view from Moon at the Palms better as you get to see the whole strip.  Clientele was mostly older guys and their girlfriends/wives, but there were a few single people there as well.  Great vibe in the place.  Wish we would have gone back later in the night since had our hands stamped.
5	As a frequent visitor of Vegas, I never really visit the Mandalay Bay due to its far location at the end of the Strip. This past Valentine my boyfriend and I went to dine and hang at Mandalays on a Sunday evening, a change from the typical Cosmo/Aria scene. The promoter from the Foundation room stopped us and handed us drink/entry passes in the casino. Another guy walked us into the lounge/club located all the way near the top of the hotel (but below MIX) I think? Don't really know which floor.. I was buzzed. Anyway, it was a pleasant surprise! The antique furniture gave a very classy/vintage vibe. Bar had a good variety of specialty drinks and wine selection. Bartender had excellent etiquette, came over and lit me up when she saw me pull out my Mild 7s :)DJ was spinning old school hip hop with top 40 mix. Surprisingly, I was not bored. Most likely I was amused by the spectacular view of the Strip from the balcony and the drunk gay guy prancing/cat-walkin' around the dancefloor all night to every single song.I would definitely take my friends here on future Vegas trips.
5	I love this night club. They have an awesomely awesome outside balcony on top of the Mandalay Bay. The view is amazing up there. The indoor club has a Buddhist, Gothic flair to it and is also decorated as such. From the main room you can access smaller private party rooms that aren't open to the public but are for reservation only. The crowed seemed to be a little older that the average night club crowed and it was really nice. Dress code is party, dressy attire.
5	Every once in a while you accidently find a hidden gem by accident. The foundation room was just that. While at Mandelay Bay to eat at the burger bar we were redirected to check out the foundation room after asking for directions out of the Casino. On the 40th floor the Foundation room can only be described as posche. From the cool Asian artifacts to the amazing view of the strip the foundation room has upsacle eligance down. For dinner I had the Filet with blue cheese topping. The steak here was cooked to prefection. I can honestly say it was one of the best i have ever had. For dessert I had the ice cream samplers. They were all homemade and very good. Portion sizes here were good also except I felt the ice cream was small for the price. The table service was top notch. I really appreciated not being rushed through dinner. Over all one of the best dinning experiances I have had.
5	This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas. Here are a few reasons:1. Spectacular view of the strip2. Great atmosphere3. More mature crowd... No fist pumping here.4. Love the people that work here, a great staff! Especially the security team.5. The outdoor patio... I could stand out there all night just taking in the city view6. Solid sound system and great resident DJs like DJ GIRL 6.7. A fun spot to bring Vegas newbiesAll in all this is a great place to start, finish, or continue your night. I have not had dinner here yet but I hear it's delicious. You will find me here often so don't be afraid to come buy me a drink :-)
5	Attended a lovely dinner party here the weekend before last. Hands-down, the best service I have ever experienced here in The Valley. I have lived, partied, wined and dined here for over a decade. The staff at Foundation Room understands service in the most natural way. There's no inauthentic ass-kissing just plain and simple good  service in a relaxed, attentive atmosphere. The meal was excellent, the fillet was perfection and the prawns were a-ok. In addition to the best view in the city, Foundation offers a mature atmosphere for 30 somethings looking for a night-out with others who can handle their liquor and want to enjoy themselves.
4	Zen and then some pow - this is a quirky bar in that it has an old asian mens club thing going on. There are private rooms for bottle service or public leather seating around fireplaces for it as well. Music is good but i only like it on occasion. I forget which night is best but once a week its pretty hopping. Mondays? Ask around. I guess they serve apps but I dont remember that. The outside balcony looks over all of vegas.
4	Amazing view, nice place to see a show. I was blown away by the view as you can see the entire Vegas Valley from atop Mandalay Bay. We were there for the Jake Owens show and I was impressed with how close we were to the artist. Its like having top musicians come to your house and play in your living room. I can't wait until the next event I am fortunate enough to be invited to here.
1	$35 for really really bad tacos on stale tortillas....the actual room the restaurant was in was cool, but this food was crap.  I was so upset about this because I could have gone to any nice restaurant in a town full of them but wasted a meal on this garbage.
5	OMG, OMGI do not know where to start.  FIRST:  This place was absolutely wonderful!!!!!!!!  I was given the opportunity to dine in this members only restaurant by Rose Dryden, she was very helpful.  First I want to thank her.Second: Shout out to Danny was our server, he was wonderful!!!!!  It was my Birthday, and he treated me like a queen. He was patient, did not rush us and let us relax and take our time with the meal.  I told him how I enjoyed the meal and he went and brought out the chef. Third:  Best Chef Ever.   He appreciated our comments, and talked with us about the decor and spoke highly of the establishment.  He was so sweet that he went back into the kitchen and fixed me a special Bananas Foster for my birthday dessert.  It was so good, I could have licked the plate, but that would not have been proper, LOL.I have for years been dining at the Alize in the Palms, I love this place also.  The view is similar and the food equally as delectable. The only difference is the price and the service.  The Foundation room was less expensive, which is a plus, and the waiters do not fill your glass every time you take a sip.  Sometimes to many waiters can make you feel rushed and it becomes a bit annoying.  So if you want an excellent relaxed dinner with a perfect view of Las Vegas, this is the place.  This was a 12 on a scale of 10.
5	My favorite spot of the whole trip, and completely unexpected. A group of us made a reservation for dinner up here and I didn't know what was coming. We were waiting for the whole group and checked out the view - wowsa. Probably my favorite view of the whole town. Great angle because of where it is on the strip and how high this place is. Just absolutely gorgeous, ahh.Dinner is on the other side of the floor, so we made our way over through the smell of incense into a dark room made light with the huge windows. Very quiet, very relaxed. We ordered a ton of food, meats and cheeses and such for appetizers and then wonderful different foods for the main course. Huge dishes of sides like mac and mushrooms to share. Beautiful dessert. Wow. I have to raise my glass for the steak though. Ordered it rare and it was probably the most perfect steak I've ever had. I could eat that every single day of my life.There's a lot of expensive places to eat in Vegas. Make it count and come here, no regrets. No idea what they mean by members only since none of us were members of anything, but I guess you just have to be willing to come in a group and pay. Totally worth it.
4	Great ambiance and view.  Preferred it to Mix
5	Great views, nice drinks, and you feel like the king of the world!
5	Our friends reserved a VIP space which happened to be the only VIP space on the balcony (In the center with 3 couches and a table). While I felt a bit bad that others couldn't get the best view from the balcony, I was very impressed with the atmosphere and service provided. I would definitely recommend this space to others looking for a memorable night with friends. The only issue I had was when we were trying to enter and gave our names at the door, it took them 3 times to check the list before they finally found the names. For a higher end place, you'd expect better service, but one slip up on the night is understandable.
4	We came here for a Lenovo convention welcome reception.  The open bar was incredible with any choice of drinks we wanted.  The Buffet spread was also really well executed and delicious.  The only mild complaint was it was very warm, not sure if was because the outside doors were opening and closing or ac was on the fritz.  I'd go back for another party though, the view was amazing!!
4	Very cool!  We were treated by Lenovo to an open bar and a tasty array of snacks.  The macaroni and cheese was awesome- it was sprinkled with some sort of bread crumb/parmigiana cheese.  The brisket was tender and succulent, and the slider burgers were yummy too.  The coolest part of the Foundation room was the interior decor.  It may look gaudy to some, but i think it was just right for what they were going for.
2	Since I moved to Vegas, the appeal Foundation Room has been steadily declining to the point where I no longer have any interest in going.  The music is stale, the crowd is older, and the vibe is nothing special (and by nothing special, I mean a rip-off of Tao). Even though Foundation Room is no longer a members/invite only establishment, they still like to take advantage of that reputation to bring nightlight novices through the doors.  This place has also been known to shut down rather unexpectedly at 2am if they are slow, so if you're coming here expecting an all night party, you might end up leaving early and disappointed.  The highlight is definitely the view, which is one of the better views in Vegas (perhaps second only to Mandarin Bar).If you're new to the Vegas nightlife scene and can get in for free, you'll probably have plenty of fun here; however, like many of the smaller clubs and lounges in Vegas, you'll most likely be a bit disappointed after experiencing some of the bigger, flashier clubs/lounges that Vegas has to offer.
1	Great view, but doorman at the elevator was a complete d---, and the bartenders were too involved in talking with each other to care about asking if we wanted a drink, no wonder this place was so empty!  We received passes from a club promoter standing around MB, who told us it was also 2 for 1 drinks, we get up there and that deal ended at 10pm (false advertising), but before we even got up there the guy at the elevator, which takes you up to the FR was so rude and uninviting.  We got a beer ($7), after standing at the empty bar for 5 mins and being ignored completely by staff and stood out on the balcony with the 5 other people in the place and then decided to try out a different spot.  When we went back downstairs we thought that maybe they would get better as the night went on and also hoped the music would change by then (they advertised hip hop and were playing house/pop), so we asked the doorman if we could come back up later on if we decided to, his mumbled and rude response "yeah, if we're open" ok...well what time do you close? "probably 30 mins, I don't know" avoiding eye contact the entire time.  During this exchange, about 5 girls trying to go up decided not to when he said "30 mins" - wow what a horrible promoter! FR could be an awesome spot with some better music and some decent staff!
5	Went there last Sat. 6/23 and the food was the best I had in a long time.  We were greeted by Sean who totally remember my honey D.J. Farley when we walked in. Our waitress Jenny was amazing. Best experience I've ever had to date.
4	I really love the Foundation Room. It's always packed with girls my age and men my dad's age. Oh wait a minute...!No really. In Vegas, where the average skirt length is 8" and the cup size is a D, I'd say the Foundation Room somehow attracts people who are a TINY bit more conservative, which is all you need, because it IS Vegas after all, not church. And for those of you who do want a little more sin, they have 2 dancers dancing around in their bikinis, just because. And we did get really stiff drinks, they didn't cost me a kidney, the view is spectacular. It's almost worth walking to from the other end of the strip! And on hot summer nights, I have a feeling the outdoor area will be even more popular than ever - smokers rejoice and congregate. I also really love the outside bar with dance area - it's not too big and not too small, and there are sectioned off areas for VIP's. Maybe if your feet get too tired someone will take pity on you and let you rest there, then feed you Moet to cool you off. Lastly, my absolute favorite thing about the Foundation Room is the fact that there's an elevator to take you up there. No waiting in line, no classless drunk girls puking by your feet, no crowds. Just guys in suits standing by the elevator to take you upstairs to an exclusive feeling club!
4	The Foundation Room is a great place to grab a drink and look out over the city.  It's dark and sexy, with a great outdoor balcony.  The view is awesome.  You can usually find a promoter handing out drink cards, so use them!  My drinks were strong and I had a good buzz on, just the way I like it.  Crowd seemed chill and the vibe hot.  I'm a fan.
3	Hi there - the ambience is fantastic and the views incredible. The lounge outside is awesome. Service is ok and the food was ok. It was not as expensive as I was expecting from the reputation it has so that was good. The asparagus was amazing but I am not sure I would go again just for this item, I think once is enough.
3	Am I not remembering this place correctly? The view was spectacular from the outside patio, the drinks were delicious and moderately priced for Vegas, and the bartenders were cute. But the music, oh the music. Nelly videos don't really seem "high-end club" appropriate. The decor is so beautiful and so zen, and the music is about Bentleys and hos. The juxtaposition is more jarring than welcomed. The crowd was also very, very strange. There seemed to be a bar crawl of foreigners who's idea of hitting on a girl was to tell her that she's tall. Before that were a group of middle aged couples getting freaky to Missy Elliot on the dance floor. It's an interesting time and worth the visit if you don't have to pay a cover.
3	Such an amazing view, such a horrible sound system and crowd. At least my drinks and entry were free
5	Can I just say that I have lived in Vegas for almost 4 years now and I have no idea that Foundation Room served food? Sure, I've been to the nightclub before (and it's a good place to take your older friends who just want to chill in a cool, loungy, not super trendy atmosphere) but a restaurant!? Blasphemy (see what I did there?)!For my birthday this year, my boyfriend wanted to surprise me by taking me out to dinner somewhere special and he would not tell me where. Apparently, after sifting through menus all over town, he settled on Foundation Room.While I'm told the main course menu is delicious, we just stuck to eating tapas style and ordered a bunch of appetizers to split. Of those, the Fresh Shucked Oysters and the Duck Confit are of particular note. The oysters were fresh and not overpowering. The Duck Confit is pretty much one of the best things I have ever eaten. It was so soft, flavourful and just melted in my mouth.The service was impeccable and our waiter was one of the best I have ever had in my life. He was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, especially the wine list. I really appreciated how "real" he was with us. Usually when you are torn between two wines, a waiter will upsell you to another more expensive bottle, or try to sway you to choose the pricier of the two. Our didn't. He told us his honest, unbiased opinion of both bottles to help us make a decision without any underlying motive. That is always appreciated. To top off a fantastic meal, the restaurant gave us a wonderful plate of complimentary desserts for my birthday and even gave us a deal on the check! It was one of the best dining experiences I have had in this city and I will definitely be returning soon!
5	The view!!! Wow what a great place to get drunk and chat it up with random fun peopleI wouldn't come for the music
5	If you likd the long lines, steep cover charges, over crowded dance floor, and over priced drinks....well this place isnt for you!This is a more mellow atmosphere with little or no lines, cover was only $20 for guys on a Friday & Sat night I was their, and chill crowd.Everyone talks about how amazing the view is at the top, and its just that!...AMAZING! The view alone is worth it.
5	The Foundation Room is unique, laid back, kinda eerie, kinda exclusive, and should be visited at least once. I have not eaten there yet, only visited the bar. My wife and I asked if we were allowed to look around and got a private tour by a very nice waiter. Each room is decorated differently, and is really something to see. He said a lot of times the headline entertainers will come to the Foundation Room after performing. He also said he thinks the place is haunted. He said at night when they are closed, employees have heard a little girls voice in some of the rooms. Oh yeah, the view from the balcony outside the bar is second to none in Vegas. Being 48 stories up, outside and at the end of the strip, it is a great perspective.
4	There are really only two things you need to know about the Foundation Room:1. It's on the roof of Mandalay Bay, and has an EXCELLENT view of the Strip.2. Scantily clad dancers - in bustiers, fishnets, cheekie panties & heels. HEAVENLY.The drinks were pretty good, too. The bartenders were friendly and quick, and a bit heavy handed. All in all, it's a pretty place!
5	Top notch!!!  From the moment we went in until the time we left we were not disappointed.  We had VIP bottle service and our service could not have been better.  Great music, and the view..".the best in Vegas......will definitely return.
3	Ever wonder what it would be like to party with the Golden Girls? I recently had some drinks with a few friends at the Foundation Room in Las Vegas. Not that we were on the prowl, but the average woman in this establishment was 55yrs old. NEWS FLASH: Desperate housewives was fake! Perhaps this was their target audience? I don't know. If it was, mission accomplished! On the flip side, the place is a trip. I totally dug the layout and style. The vintage interior, high view patio, and velvet walls made the place look like Hugh Hefner's living room. The dim lights and carpeted lounges added to the "Playboy 1979" ambiance. If someone could teach the doorman how to say "No," they could really turn this place into something special.
1	My friend and I were offered free passes to this over and over till we finally took them in case we needed a back up to the nice looking lounges I had found at other hotels. As it turned out, we did try it and it was definitely not worth the effort. It's a super tiny, cramped, and filthy couple of rooms with a minuscule patio area that is cram packed with whores and their frat boy looking pimps. Yeah, you can see most of the strip, but through curtains and curtains of moths, so if you can palate that, GREAT FOR YOU! I'd prefer to see the view from the ground where a sheet of moths are not obstructing my view. So, go here if you LOVE moths, whores, and sleezy horny mid-west frat boys who clearly couldn't get laid at any other city in the world.The drinks were rancid and expensive and we left after 25 minutes. NASTY!
5	Fantastic strip view, excellent cocktail waitresses, beautiful crowd.
3	The view was awesome, but other than that...meh. Cool atmosphere, but much smaller than I expected! The DJ was decent, drinks were good, but Vegas-priced. I was glad we didn't pay a cover. My friend and I didn't really want to go to a club, so this was fine for us.
4	Went for drinks and to enjoy the view.   Both were excellent.
5	This place is hands down, the BEST lounge I've ever been to. I'm not saying that just in the Vegas vicinity alone....I'm comparing this place to all the other lounges I've been to anywhere else in the world. Okay..that's subjective, I've only covered three continents out of six. The seventh doesn't count for obvious reasons unless I'm trying to break some sort of record. Top Gear South Pole, anyone?This lounge knows classy. The management and the founders behind this place know what's tasteful in terms of decor, and they know what kind of crowd they're catering to. When you walk in right after exiting the elevator to get up here (rooftop of Mandalay Bay. If you watch a lot of music vids, you've seen this place) you'll notice a very impressive looking Buddha statue. Ask any of the hostesses about the story behind it!The cocktails here are made VERY well. There are go-go dancers in the center room, and you can land a table or a private room with advanced reservations. They also have an awesome cigar menu at lounge prices (a little more expensive than a typical cigar lounge).Probably the most breathtaking part of this lounge aside the decor and the vibe of the place is the view you get here that you just can't get anywhere else on the strip. Walk outside to the patio where you can see the entire strip and its lights at night from the south end all the way up to the north.I've made this lounge my go-to spot for all my friends and our Saturday nights. If you and your friends are tired of the archaic waiting, prices, and crowd of night clubs, and would like to try something new, swing by FR. You can find the entrance next to the elevators at Mandalay Bay.
4	I'm a fan for going early in the evening when it's not jam packed with people and you can get a seat on the patio, snuggle with your sweetie and enjoy the gorgeous view of the strip. Later it's just tooooooooo crowded! It used to be members only club back in the day and it was much better then.If you are new to Vegas this is a great place to grab a drink and enjoy the view! If you like to people watch it can definitely get interesting. You never really know what kind of crowd will be there.
3	So, my boyfriend and I came here the week of Christmas...we were pretty disappointed.  Maybe it was that it was dead because of said holiday. Maybe it seemed lame and sad because there were only 2 families out on the balcony and 2 couples there to take pictures against the impressive backdrop.  Maybe it was the sad go-go dancer, dancing up a storm while nobody paid attention, or maybe it was that there was nobody really around to pay attention. I dunno.I just know that it seemed really desperate and really boring while we were there.  I'm sure that on nights where it's packed, it's a much better atmosphere, but, damn.  It wasn't on that night. Having just spit out all that negativity, I will say that they gave very generous pours, especially for Vegas standards, and that the view from the balcony is worth your time.  Maybe I'm just getting old and don't appreciate these places anymore, but I highly doubt it.
5	I recently had my wedding reception in the Shangri La Room. I had a pleasant experience, to say the least. The entire staff remained very attentive to my guests throughout the reception. The food tasted phenomenal. No one went with an empty glass. My guests and I could not get over the amazing view and overall ambiance of The Foundation Room. I would like to thank The Foundation Room and staff for making my wedding reception unforgettable. I would definitely recommend The Foundation Room for a reception or private party.
4	I have been to this lounge a couple of times this past year. Once to see a live dub-step show and once again to hang with family and friends.Upon entering after the elevator ride up you walk through dimly lit halls to get to each room of the floor. It's decorated beautifully in rich wood and classy dark structures. There definitely is great ambiance. The best part I must say along with other critics is the view! It is an absolutely stunning view of the city. Great place to relax and have a drink. We had free drink coupons, but obviously the drinks aren't the best deals you'd get in town. The vibe was totally different when I had came here for the dub-step show. Obviously there was a different crowd and the room was a bit small to be having such loud bass playing all night. Other than that, the couches are luscious and the workers I had come across weren't all that bad, but could be a little friendlier in my opinion. Overall, great lounge to check out.
5	The Foundation Room is located at the Mandalay Bay. It's a very classy elegant restaurant with tasteful dishes. I have to say one of the best restaurants I have ever dined at. Enough said.
4	I don't know what they do to their asparagus, but I wish I could take a couple hundred pounds of it home.  The truffle Mac-n-cheese....devine! My  husband and I  took the leftover Mac-n-chesse  back to our room at the Mandalay  and fought over who should get it later that night.  The bread basket..soooo good.Oh yeah they serve entrees too...some of the best steaks my husband and I ever tasted.The service was exceptional. Be sure to spend some time on the bar patio, the view is great.
5	Hands down the best meal I had in years. Ok I might have been stoned and drunk but it's Vegas! We had 9 dudes each one of us got a separate main course some of us shared huge steaks. I shared a 16oz ribeye but we ended up taking small sample bites from each course limb a bunch of different steaks NY tomahawk steak lamb pork belly wrap in bacon (must have) really it melts in your mouth! We got basically got all the sides but asparagus just cause no one like it but I think I would anything this place has to offer! Everything you would normally hate would taste good here unless it could kill u. U probably won't like it. And how did this place get 3 $$$ that's totally false our bill was close to $1000 so you should it here if you have some disposable income to throw around!
5	Great club/Lounge. Excellent service and bottle service is a must. The view in the patio is also wonderful. Special thanks to Dimitri and Kristina S for their excellenct customer service and friendliness.
5	awesome awesome awesome, best view in vegas, the staff is outstanding and attentive.. one of the best kitchens in town and its so unique it has a curator !
4	This was my fourth time at Foundation and it's consistently been great.  Part of the fun is the exclusive elevator ride up and of course the view, but the food isn't anything to sneer at either.Started off with the chicken lolipops and also the pork belly tacos.  The lolipops came with a duo of blue cheese and buffalo sauces.The pork belly tacos came in soft shell corn tortillas (like they should) and had a handful of fixins on them.I got a New York strip with Foundation steak sauce and the lady got a filet with blue cheese.  Both were done nicely.We skipped dessert and hung out on the balcony for a bit.  The views are tough to beat.  Great place to spend your night.
5	Just go for the view.Right after a work conference at the Mandalay, my husband and I were aimlessly wondering the casino floor when one of the promoters came up to us. I casually began to walk off until 'best view of the Strip' perked my ears. It was nearing sunset, and why not? We didn't have anything to do!They have an amazing view, and at like 5-6pm it was empty. We got one of the signature cocktails - which tasted OK in terms of craft cocktails, but definitely was full of alcohol so I guess you get what you were paying for (not watered down.) The atmosphere is really comfortable and the outdoor patio is wonderful.I'll bookmark it as a stop, even if for the photos alone, for my trips to Vegas.
5	Great service and conversation from the bartender. I liked the drinks - Alabama Slammer - and actually thought they were worth their price ($12). The view from the balcony is great. I was recently up in the Stratosphere Tower for dinner and I have to say this view is better. It's closer to the heart of the strip and of course less crowded than at the Stratosphere. The lifts to take you up more than 60 floors are located near the concierge and beach level escalators inside Mandalay Bay. Closest to east valet.
4	The Foundation Room sits at the very top of Mandalay Bay.  This place doubles as a swanky 5-star restaurant and an ultra lounge. I don't dare call it a nightclub because it by no means belongs in the same class and caliber as Marquee, Tryst, or XS.The crowd here tends to be older, I would say 40-something is the median age. Tons of plush seating and the walls are covered in tapestry. Foundation has a very middle eastern feel to it.What makes Foundation Room stand out to me is that hands down, this place has the most amazing night time views of the Las Vegas Strip. Seated at the very south end of elegant Las Vegas Blvd, you see all of the high rises as well as downtown Las Vegas. The patio is always stuffed with older gentlemen, suited up, and puffing on cigars (it's that snazzy kind of joint).A little know tip is that Foundation Room used to be ultra exclusive. Invite Only status. Thankfully, it is now open to the general public. There is a cover charge or you can always call ahead (check Twitter or Facebook) and be placed on the guest list. The music varies from night to night depending on the DJ (most, in my experience tend to be Top 40 to 80s genre of music), but I have never heard house or hip-hop dominate a night.Strict dress code enforced.
5	It's the House of Blues.Get passed the velvet roped elevator, sky rocket paste the penthouse and open those doors to the weird east asian looking statues with too many arms etc, and you know its the House, just with lower lighting. $65 ($55 for members) buys you a 35 day dry aged (not in house), CAB (exclusively pre-Prime inspected like), Bone in, 16 oz Rib Eye steak, grilled to your order... Now I don't know what was weirder, the fact that this 16oz, clearly was mostly beef - because the bone was more like my thumb bone than the L or shank bone I'm used to, OR that because the bone was so small, that I was looking at a 16oz cut of meat that was Chicken Fried steak thickness... well I waste my words, the taste and the mouth experience was one of the best from any griller I've ever had.If you're ordering the naturally slow dry aged meat, request there be no sauce accompanying it - even if their waiter described "better than A1" dressing... or even crusted, even though I love me some blue cheese on some beef... because of this, naturally speaking, grilled correctly, still purplish, that beef's texture is like smooth sashimi, butter knife slicing, only light salt and pepper touched, juicy, invigorating sweetness, to almost pierce your taste buds... and yes that was the meat sections - fat is room temperature butter smooth, taste locked in, the only topping you should have with each bite... I can still taste it.Don't need support for this experience. Had them, don't remember them because of either the $20 beers per bottle, or the still vivid imagery of that meat. That's what she said.It's the House of Blues.
4	We were introduced to this place by a good friend during my recent trip to Las Vegas. My friend was able to get my date and I into this place for free ($30 charge normally). Our reservation was scheduled for 7 PM so we arrived at approximately 30 minutes prior to our reservation. This allowed us to hit up the lounge arrange which arguably has the best view towards the Las Vegas strip. For the view alone and the pleasant lounge area, I'd strongly suggest you come here. The day after, my date and I went to Bubba Gumps on the strip. That is where I looked across towards the Mandalay Bay and realized how high this lounge area is. Amazing! Now, the decor inside was dark (intimate) but I'd say some of the interior furniture and decorations were outdated, thus the dark lighting? Not sure. The service was excellent. Our dinner started off with a complementary bread basket which I can always appreciate. I requested that bread be warmed up and the server complied with the request. My date's Martini was accidentally spilled, the server kindly brought out another Martini for us. Major points for that!Food: We started off with a Ahi Tuna Snap Pea Salad and an order of their Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes. Personally, not impressed with either dish. The server noted one of the specials of the night which was a 22 oz. Porterhouse steak which we ordered. but yet didn't realize that it was a $72 order once we received the bill. Being that the 16 oz. T-Bone steak was listed at $55, $72 doesn't sound so bad especially since my friend was able to get us a $100 gift card and a bottle of '09 CA Pinot Noir from Sonoma County which was totally was unexpected. Bonus for us. The sides we ordered along with the steak was the Truffle Macaroni and Cheese and the Grilled Asparagus which were excellent and strongly recommend. Being that Vegas hotels nowadays charge for items such as internet access, club entry, gym and/or pool access, etc., with the view alone, $30 is entry fee is not such a bad deal. I'd say, if you've never been, go and at the very least, enjoy the fantastic and very unique view towards The Strip. $$$-$$$$ for food so be prepared.
5	On my recent trip to Vegas, a good friend took us here.  He  was able to get us into this place for no charge, since he is a member ($30 charge normally). First off, I have to say "WHAT A VIEW!"  and second, "WHAT A VIEW" . . wow, unparalleled unrestricted  views of the Las Vegas Strip that cannot be beat.  The Foundation Room is kind of hard to find.  You have to take a super secret velvet roped elevator to the top.  When you step off that elevator, you are transported to a very sophisticated  ultra lounge with middle eastern/asian decor. Its dark and serene.  Plush couches/seating surrounds you.  Step up to the bar and get your hands on a drink, then head out the doors behind the bar to the patio to soak in the view.  After enjoying a drink outside, head back in to the five star restaurant for some fantastic dining. Your waiter will start you off with a complementary bread basket with a broad assortment of breads, even a soft pretzel type of bread which I really enjoyed.We ordered some appetizers: Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes, Oysters on the Half Shell, Cheese and Charcuterie tray.Now for the entrees, we ordered Osso Bucco, Horseradish Crusted Steak, Lamb, Braised Mushrooms, Truffle Macaroni and Cheese and Grilled Asparagus, all of which were to die for.   Dessert had some interesting choices: Lemon Olive Oil Cake, Apple Bread Pudding and Molten Chocolate cake.Strict dress code enforced, so dress nicely!
5	Extremely classy place. Love it
5	My steak was PERFECT, my sides were PERFECT.  Service was great, balcony was a greta time, dance floor and crowd was a ton of fun.  If you can get in, you should have a good time.  Grab a Cigar from the small humidor too!
5	I love this place. It's one of my favorite spots in town. The food is delicious, with an ever-changing menu; the service is top-notch; the clientele are classy; and the view of the strip is one of the best in Vegas.The experience truly can't be beat.
5	Great decor with an amazing view! The private rooms are a must see even when you're there. Religious people may find it a bit offensive but I didn't think so. It's a great display of Indian culture in an atmosphere of fun and frolic!I didn't eat here so I can't comment on that. But I will say that the service was very good. If you find yourself and Mandalay Bay please do yourself a favor and go take a look!
5	2nd time here and again had a great dinner with great views, ambience and service.
5	Best view of the Vegas strip by far.  Foundation Room is my type of place.  I hate clubs.  I think they are obnoxious and bring out douche-central. I like lounges, such as this.  Great music, outdoor seating aplenty, dark & swanky atmosphere and eye candy for all.  Cheers!  You just found the BEST place to hang out on the Vegas strip.
4	I attended the Vegas Seven, Best of the City private party last night at the Foundation room.  Great party, thankful for the evening.  I don't quite understand the theme inside.  Tapestry, incense, just kind of weird to me, because you go outside on the balcony and it looks like an outdoor ultra lounge.  Not too cohesive in my opinion.  The view was out of this world, though.  Amazing.For the party, it was great.  The Foundation room offered a full bar and a few signature cocktails for the evening.  I got the Peach and Elderflower Collins the entire night.  Bombay Sapphire, juice of a half a lemon, St. Germain and peach puree.  It was delicious and trust me, I'm NOT a gin drinker.  This drink was amazing.  Tangy, sweet and not heavy with gin, so I tasted nothing!  It was good, but beware, it's a creeper.  I got drunk!!!  For the food, they served fried chicken lollipops, bite size shrimp and grits, lamb tacos, a dessert table and a pizza table with meats and cheese. All the food was on point, not heavy and super flavorful.  Pretty cool night.  I appreciate the invite, Vegas Seven.  Great hosts.  Thank you!
5	Good night view !! Service was good ! Best place for romantics date ,birthday ! When u visit vegas from other state you should try here !
1	Two words: douche central. I had a bad feeling about this place when on the elevator ride up, some dbag was smoking a cigarette, spat on the floor, threw his cigarette down, stomped it out and left it. Note, the dude's girlfriend/date also rudely walked into me and didn't apologize. Classy.Yes, they have a nice view from their balcony, but I was too suffocated by the hookah smoke (ha, didn't realize that people still DID that!) and blocked by the heads and bodies of the unattractive patrons to enjoy it. (My thinking is, if you're going to be an annoying douchebag, at least be attractive, right?!) Even though it was a $20 cover for my boyfriend to get in there (total rip off!), we left after one round of terribly overpriced drinks (I want to say it was like 45 bucks for a jack and coke and a grey goose/tonic). Just a gross place, avoid it.
5	This place has some of the best views of the strip. The drinks are strong, service is great, the food is good (albeit expensive) and of course the outside balcony is gorgeous. I've never been here very late, always during business happy hours so I can't speak to the late night crowd, but I always make it a point to come here for a drink.
5	Ate there this week with a big group while in LV for a conference. definitely worth the drive down the strip. the view from the patio is incredible and the food was incredible. I had the sea bass which was cooked well, my only complaint would be that the skin was slightly soggy and not as crisp as expected. One of my friends had the short ribs which were delectable, perfectly cooked and it took a lot of conviction not to steal his plate and eat most of the meal. I would def recommend a visit for the view and stay for the food.
4	Come for some relaxed fun and outdoor views. This place is a little hidden gem and worth taking a look.  Promoters hand out free passes out side the club so take a chance
2	Our experience at the foundation was very disappointing. The waitress was rude, the food was very over priced. The room was dark and overbearing. The only good thing was the view.
4	You can't beat the view and the relaxed environment. Also, Probably the best Mac and cheese I've ever eaten in my life. Service is exactly what would be expected for a fine dining restaurant. I'm really glad they sat my boyfriend and I next to a window. The view was worth every dollar of the $215 tab for my boyfriend and I.
4	Just as all the reviews have mentioned, this is one of the best views in Vegas. I came here on Sunday night and the place was pretty dead. I went out to the balcony, ordered a drink, and was out there alone. I was able to enjoy the view alone for a long time until a couple of parties made their way to the balcony. It was nice though. The cocktail menu is pretty standard and service was good. I highly recommend this place to people that want to admire the view of the Strip.
5	Food is great, drinks are great, staff was great, and Sirius Chill sets the mood.  Dark and romantic.  The view is spectacular. We went early, nice crowd, but not too crowded.  No cover before 10pm. Best lounge we've been to in 14 years of visiting Vegas.  Truffle Mac & Cheese is crazy!!! Just go already:)
4	This place was a secret little hideaway. There were statues. Inside there were oversized chairs around the fireplace. There were a couple hidden rooms. The balcony provided a nice view. There was a bar. Very quiet and subtle and fun.
1	This place is racists!  They kicked me out just 5 mins ago... Their reason was that i was "intoxicated"...seriously? I'm sitting here fuming!  F****u, I'll take my $ else where!
4	For the old world, exotic, far Eastern Asia vibe that takes you on the top of a Vegas resort hotel that glistens in golden yellow? Take yourself up 64 floors up Mandalay Bay! But not quite a place for everyone, for this is an exclusive club requiring club membership: The Foundation Room. Although you may get a chance to step foot in this through an event, pay cover charge, or VIP access, or via a Host, or a private party. (Recently held my birthday party in this venue!) With warm red furnishings' colors and purple-bluish lighting, plush furniture, a "roaring" fireplace in the main lounge overlooking the bar, an inspiring 1856 decor, 18th century paintings, walls adorned with buddhas, all cozy to take you to a faraway land. A large wooden chair by the elevators will accommodate at least three people, somehow made me feel like a Princess sitting on it. At least my friend thinks I look like a Princess he remarked after the photo. DJ music plays to get your dance groove on. Cocktails in the bar are quite reasonably affordable. The bartender and servers were attentive. Dining menu includes steak, vegetarian, and Asian, Indian,  Mediterranean flair served in white linen, white tableware, crystal stemware, and gleaming silverware. VIP host was accommodating and helpful in making my birthday party a memorable one. There are seven exclusive VIP chambers to hold your private party. Such rooms have the decors of Buddhas, stately Gothic style, Ganesh Prayer Rooms, and an 1856 style room. And best of all, there is the romantic feeling this club exudes. (It would be real nice with my love-y!) To top it all, extend that feeling stepping out onto the breathtaking spectacular view from the patio eye-ing the Las Vegas "Strip" as far as your eyes can see and see planes through your own "bird's eye" view of the McCarran International Airport. Hey, the plane, the plane! ...oh, planes! It's not the best view (it's the second best view as seen in the South part of Vegas) but Oh, but when the wind blows my hair in the way I like feeling it, it's just fine .. Feel like on top of the world! You, too.
4	I'm not ENTIRELY sure what's going on here.. But I like it. The entire place smells of incense; I think it's coming from a vent above the door, and is covered with tapestries and carpets. My friend, who had brought me here for drinks, said when he called for information, they were able to tell him the origins of the carpets and tapestries.. But of course he couldn't remember it. The music is nice, but definitely not something you would dance to. A lounge in the truest meaning of the word, there are several cozy sofas and fireplaces to lounge around, along with a balcony with a lovely view. They have some private rooms as well.. Mostly an older crowd, and a great place to meet a friend or colleague for a few drinks. As for dress code, most people were dressed in "party attire", but there were also people just dressed like they had come straight from the office. Of course, it was quite early when we went. Will definitely return.
5	This place saved our night and the view was amazing. It's not packed but that's the best part for us, we're not bumping into people and everyone there was super friendly. The drinks are cheap and strong, not the $21 water down vodka cran you find at most nightclubs. The music is top 40 hip hop and there's another dj that plays different music in the back. The hosts and the staff are also great. We will probably visit this place every time we come to Vegas.
4	I had my doubts even though there are so many reviews and a high rating I really was expecting the worst, I was wrong.  We had dinner with a business associate and his wife and she really wanted to try it so of course we will say yes even though we had low expectations.  It was last minute and the night of Santana opening up his show but they fit us in in the time frame we wanted without a problem.  Because it was Santanas opening they had to make accommodations for more seating.  We lucked out and were seated in one of the nightclubs VIP rooms.  So we had our own private room with amazing decor and large extremely comfy couches!  We ordered our drinks and began looking over the menu which is large and has a lot of options to try depending on your tastes.  Our friends had Shrimp and Grits and 8oz Center Cut Filet.  The shrimp and grits were good he enjoyed them but wished for more flavor in it, the steak was done to perfection she enjoyed her meal as well.  My Boyfriend had the Seared Diver Scallops that he said were done perfectly not a bit of rubbery feel to any of them.  I had the Mediterranean Sea Bass, with yukon potatoes, fennel slices assorted olives and a lemon vinaigrette.  My fish was left moist but firm the mixture of the olives and lemon vinaigrette made the mixture of the flavors stand out in my mind.  I definitely recommend a dinner here if you are looking for a great view great ambiance and great food and service.  I will be back...
3	Stayed at The Hotel at Mandalay and decided to check out this place. As everyone has mentioned the view of the strip is great - lot's of couples getting pictures taken on the balcony with the strip in view. The decor inside is very cool, dark and comfortable - nice place to relax and sip a drink. My only knock on this place was the service by the  two cocktail waitresses - neither one stopped by to ask us for another drink - thought maybe it was me or my brother LOL then I noticed they both avoided pairs of guys or women - they were only interested in serving couples I guess kind of funny and also rude.
4	I got lost and stepped into an opulent room in a grand Thai castle. That must be it! How else would I be able to explain this beautifully decorated Thai-themed lounge with plushed carpets and Buddhist statues everywhere? There was a convention in town and most of the club-goers were older men and women. It is wonderful to be able to shake my booty on the dance floor without annoying young teenage-looking boys approaching me from all directions.This is a really really nice place to chill and have a drink with your friends. You can enjoy the amazing view out on the balcony while sipping on a diet coke (fail, I know. Who drinks a diet coke when they're at a club?!), or dance, or just to have a conversation. It's not too crowded on a Friday night and it's not deafeningly loud. It's a perfect kind of place to me.
4	Great place!  Love the decor, the amazing view down the strip and for once a place with reasonable music.  I was here as part of a conference so I honestly don't know what the process is to get in otherwise but if you're in Vegas and looking for a great view and a really funky atmosphere this is the place to go.
1	The only thing you should be coming here for is the view.  Grab a drink and enjoy the view.  And that's it.  Yea yea, the interior is cool - but not that cool if the entire staff is not friendly, not knowledgeable, and not professional.  Don't even think about eating here, the servers, busboys, food runners, so called "sommelier", all have no idea what is going on.  I think they were all on drugs (the incense is probably laced).  Drink menu should be given when you first sit.  Ours wasn't, so the server came and asked what we wanted to drink, then we asked for a drink menu.  10 minutes later it shows up.  We both order ribeye medium rare.  One comes out rare, the other comes out well done.  I can go on but I'll spare your eyeballs.  Like I said, come for the view.  But that's it.
1	They'll take your money but only if you're in the finest of dress apparently.  Can't believe a place that claims to be based on the blues would reject people for a guy wearing a nice pair of new Levi's, Timberland shoes and an NFL logo coach's sideline polo.  She was wearing a nice blouse and jeans as well.  When they wouldn't even suggest we bother going to the elevator from the shop where you get your tickets, we wondered why our money wasn't as good as anyone elses.  She literally told us we wouldn't be accepted as we weren't wearing formal attire.  Really?  For the Blues?  And on top of this on a hotel comp?  Then the server has the audacity to ask us if we'd like to dine in the restaurant instead.  Seriously?  So we went to "The Strip" steak house, dressed as is, and dropped $250 on dinner there instead.  The dumbass server didn't even get the irony of refusing us service while standing in front of the sign talking about not being able to pay the rent, getting dumped, losing a job. Enjoy your tour of the blues, if you're good enough.  Signed, The guy that shopped at the same old Pepper Tree Market on Laurel  and Safeway on San Carlos Avenue as John Lee Hooker when I was a kid.  I'd love to have him back to join me on a trip to this pretentious piece of shit that supposedly honors his legacy.
5	My boyfriend and I got the opportunity to spend NYE at the Foundation for 2014 and it was the best New Years celebration yet! They have a spectacular view of the strip, probably the best in the city and all of the rooms are special and unique with a taste of Tao design. The entire staff was very kind and accommodating, it felt as if you were a guest in someones home, very cozy and elegant! I would highly recommend anyone who lives or visits Vegas to check out the Foundation Room, you will be very happy you did!
5	Vegas is a town were everything seems FAKE.. This is what makes the House of Blues Foundation Room even more awesome! The vibe in the Foundation Room is that of a chill VIP lounge. Dark and classy room where you are surrounded by stunning artifacts from around the world.HoB Foundation Room is my favorite stop while in Vegas. When you check in, ask for Steve and tell him Philip Nelson sent you! :)
5	This place is an institution in Vegas, and you simply haven't lived life to the fullest until you've been here. WOW, WOW, WOW is all I can say.Amazing view and a brilliant place to enjoy a proper cigar after 10:00 PM (due to local laws). The drinks are expensive for non-members ($15 - $26 each) and the cigars in their humidor are just mediocre, so I recommend going downstairs to Davidoff to get a proper smoke (which can bring up - just don't light up in advance). I enjoyed the La Spann specialty drink I had there even if it was a bit overpriced.I got a wonderful tour by the manager, Steve, and this place is brilliant. You definitely feel like you are Robin Leach living in the lap of luxury.The membership fees are very expensive, but might make sense for certain businesses who want to wow clients in the area. There does seem to be a large number of non-members in attendance which diminishes the value of the membership. However, I'm thankful as I'd rather pay the $30 to be able to visit than to be required to have a $1500+ annual membership.The view from the balcony is simply the best I've seen in Vegas (but The Hotel at Mandalay Bay is roughly the same view). I didn't try the food and I wasn't there for the live entertainment. It was very crowded after 10. It's also a sausage fest so expect to see a lot of middle aged men in large groups and very few women.The waitresses were terrible and inattentive unless you have table service and are ringing up $1000+ plus bills on booze (which is very easy to do). The membership doesn't make sense for me since I don't get to Vegas much, but I'd love to go back. It was definitely the highlight of my trip and a pure joy.It's a great place for business networking as there were a lot of influential business people here, so that may be another reason to invest in a membership if you travel frequently to Vegas.
5	This place was OFF THE HOOK!  I came here for my birthday one Saturday night after we saw how incredibly long and ridiculous the line for Light was.  I had to make a quick decision, and my cousin's girlfriend suggested Foundation Room.  cover is free for girls and $10 for guys.It was dark here with candles and low lighting - what I would consider perfect ambiance.  It was similar to the ambiance of a speakeasy but bigger and with louder music and more people.  It was a very intimate setting for a bar and the music was at the perfect volume - loud enough to dance but soft enough to hear conversation and talk.  The outside provided a spectacular view of the Strip, where we ended up doing what seemed like a 1 hour photo shoot.  The night was quite a blur, but EVERYONE in my group of 21 people enjoyed themselves and couldn't stop talking about what a great venue and bar Foundation Room was.  They did kick my brother and cousin out around 1:30 AM, so behave yourselves here.  This was a really cool bar, and I would definitely come here again.  Hopefully I'll remember more next time!
5	First of all it was a little confusing when I made the reservation, they have a restaurant and a lounge. Their website sends you to Open table and that reserves you a table in the restaurant. We got there after 10pm and that's when they close the kitchen, luckily for us since we didn't want eat too much that late. But this gives you access to the adjacent lounge which is awesome! I'm not sure what other ways are there for non-members, we'll have to figure out till next time. The lounge is scented, loud and sexy! Music sounds great, people around you are in a state of open inquiry and bliss and you'll get there too, it's contagious. We stayed mostly outside where we made friends with everyone taking pictures of the gorgeous view, a lot of them were from CES (the current convention that week) so we got to talk to some, it's great place to spend a late night on a special occasion.
4	Best place to come check out the view of the strip. Great music, zen-like ambiance, and friendly staff. Per the usual in Vegas, if you're a girl, entrance is most likely free. Prepare to pay $10-$20 if you're coming with your guys. I went with 2 customers, so we went outside a couple of times to chat without trying to yell over the loud music inside. Highly recommended...this place never disappoints.
4	The view is the best of the strip. Its a kinda small club but I actually liked the intimacy that the small size provided vs the mega clubs thats standard in Vegas. The music was a mix which I appreciated, I dont like to listen to the same kind of music all night long. The drinks were kinda pricy but whats not in Vegas???  The foundation room is cool with me. Id party here again.
1	Was just asked to leave our seats rudely to seat other people who apparently wanted to sit down. Who knows. Something about being reserved but no sign was posted. Very, very rude. Made us feel like like shit. They could give no explanation. Won't recommend anyone to come here. If this lack of disrespect can happen to us then watch out people.  They deserve 0 stars!!
2	Come here if you like incense and a pretentious crowd (hey, sometimes I do!).  I wasn't impressed by the FR lounge for a few reasons.1. Slowness. It took about 30 minutes before a server asked what we'd like to drink.  And the saddest part is that this was before rush hour! Every other drink order came 20 minutes too late.2. I was trying to nibble off of my salad on the very edge of the "coffee" table because it was full of other massively-sized plates - no room left for anything else. My pricy salad became a floor accessory.  The server so kindly took my plate away but offered nothing in return - no redo, no discounted new salad.3. We had two members at our table, and in the later night we ended up in a reserved space where we were pretty much secluded in the worst way possible: No service again.  The reason, they claimed: The reserved space is for bottle service only.  $500 bottle of wine is normal in LV, I get it. But on this fine night, not one of the 6 people in our group wanted wine.  But, in order to get anything else, we had to walk out of the reserved space, go down stairs, go to the bar, and order ourselves.The view here is great, as are the desserts...but this is Vegas. Competition is fierce!  Odds are you'll find a better spot elsewhere.
4	I went to the Foundation Room for the first time on Valentine's weekend and had a wonderful time.  I ordered a bottle of an delicious Cab and the Short Ribs. They tasted so good together.  I loved the assortment of breads they brought at the beginning of the meal.SERVICE: Great service.  It's a 'fine dining' restaurant and the service was up to par.  I felt like I was well taken care of. VIEW: AMAZING views of Vegas.  You're up so high.If you want a NICE dining experience then this is the place to go for something special.  The food is good and the views and ambience of the restaurant will make you feel like you are having an elevated dinner.
4	It was 60++ floors up with great views of the city.  DJ was a craftsman with his mixes.  If the was a down side it would be the prices but what club in Vegas worth going to isn't?
5	The food was so good. I had pork belly and grits as an appetizer. I couldn't get enough. Then for dinner I had blackened Grouper. It was the best blackened fish I ever had and I'm from New Orleans. We got an awesome tour from  Nina. Worth every cent. We will be back.
5	Some of the best views on the strip can be found at the foundation room. We came here for my wife's birthday party. We had a delicious dinner, great service, terrific wine, and then bottle service and dancing afterwards in the nightclub. You will enjoy yourself, but certainly bring your credit card.
4	Great Service and one of the best atmosphere's to dine in Vegas which is saying a lot. Might be a bit overpriced for the food, but again, you pay extra for the views and surroundings.Go for the Bourbon and Creme with Cookies for Dessert. You wont be disappointed. Skip the Truffle Mac, there is better, and go for the Twice Baked Potatoes for sides.
5	I haven't really enjoyed the club scene much in the last couple years but The Foundation Room changed all that for me this past Friday. The music was a good mix to keep the diverse crowd happy and on the floor, the drinks were great and my bartender Brian was friendly and on top of his job.
5	Best filet ive had so far. Im not sure it was the age/grade of meat or how it was prepared, but it was outstanding.The service was great, wonderful decor. We thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience.
5	YES, YES, AND MORE YES for Foundation Room!! This was our 3rd stop on our VIP UNLTD club crawl (see review) and boy, was I impressed. The venue itself is on the smaller side, with VIP seating in the middle that had a sort of "living room" feel. The music was excellent, playing a mix of hip-hop, pop, radio hits, and EDM. Drinks were definitely on the pricier side though, with a shot of simple Fireball whisky costing $10. I decided to go down to Evening Call for my discounted drinks that night, lol. The view of the strip from the small outside balcony is BREATHTAKING. They say this is arguably the best and most complete view of the Strip in all of Vegas. You look to your left and you're literally right next to the shiny, golden lettering on the hotel that reads "Mandalay Bay". Pictures and descriptions don't do it justice. I will definitely be back to the Foundation Room, especially if I want to hit up a smaller, slightly more chill spot after a long night of clubbing at places larger and more amped up. 5 stars, baby!
5	Cool lounge and best view on the Strip!
4	I had a great time having dinner here.It is little bit pricey, but the ambience was worth it. The food was okay, and the taste was elevated by the ambience.After the dinner, go to the patio, and have a seat at the sofa and enjoy the view.
4	Had a nice time at this place... If you're looming for a view of the strip you can't get much better than this...- bouncers are cool- great drinks - amazing viewLively with random dancers the night we went which turned the heat up on the spot and, coupled with our imbibing, got us in a great mood to get the night going!  Super friendly bouncers that keep everything going smoothly as do the waitresses.  Paul from Hawaii was particularly awesome and kept the outdoor area lively and feeling safe for our party.  Will definitely be back.
5	What a great time we had! The entire staff from the greeter down stairs to the hostesses and wait staff were top notch. The food was out of this world good!! My wife got the NY strip and I got the long bone short rib that was so tender didn't need a knife. Afterwards we went to the patio where we had a great view of Vegas.
4	Sexy ambience, incredible view and delectable drinks. Expensive, no doubt about it...but if you come to a place like this in Vegas thinking otherwise you are delusional. I usually go to MIXX Lounge, but I think I might like this place better!  Perfect place to start a fun night
3	I came here for a private event so I did not dine here...and the service is always going to be excellent due to it being a private event so I cannot tell you what the actual level of service would be...Foundation Room is hands down about the view. It does block out the view of Luxor (unlike mix) however it has a great view of the strip. The outside patio was underwhelming and looked very plain...maybe because I was there late afternoon....The inside had the same theme as Mandalay Bay in the subtle south east asian vibe...very antique looking...again this maybe because there was a lot of natural sunlight in the venue (majority of nightlife venues would look underwhelming during the day...)...very private venue that feels catered towards the older crowdThe apps being passed around were decent...not horrible but not great.The private events tied with House of Blues Foundation Room members and the view are the standouts with it also being a great private space for your group.
3	The music and ambiance amazing. Very professional crowd. Yet super guy heavy. View is super nice. Also in the other tower is mix similar view just different more casual layout.
5	A group of five girls visited Las Vegas for a birthday party. Our best night was at the Foundation Room at the Mandalay Bay. Dennis DaSilva, Executive Host at the FR could not have been nicer!!  Wade Takamoto went above and beyond as well. So wonderful and accommodating to my entire party. The entire staff treated us like we were the most important people in town. Ask for these guys if you go. My husband and I are Foundation Room Members out of New Orleans. We always ensure to go to the FR if available in every city. All are great but Vegas was such a treat!!  A must go with the best view on the entire strip.
4	I was surprised by the decor/vibe in the Foundation room, but surprised in a good way. Nothing about the decor, staff, or ambiance is typical club/bar, especially for Vegas. Our visit there came just in time, as I was getting tired of beach-themed bars filled with bachelorette parties. Get the most out of the slightly higher-priced drinks and go out on the balcony. The view is a-maz-ing, and the couches/loungers are inviting. I also thought sending the dancers out to the balcony so we didn't miss them was a cool move. My brother and sister-in-law's whole wedding party was invited up to the club. I'm not really sure what gets you in, but it seems a tad exclusive, and I'm not gonna lie, that was nice.
5	The food was amazing 1st time there with family. The best view, friendly staff, I would go again. The only thing I wasn't happy with is they have  a dress code. Very happy customer!!!!
5	3rd time here and another great experience. Also our server Alo was the best yet. Great food, great atatmosphere, great service and great views.
4	I have been to the Foundation Room numerous times over the years while visiting Vegas and Mandalay Bay. It is quite a large area as there are many rooms you can sneak off too, provided you are on the VIP list or possibly know the right people. The view of the strip is awesome and that is what most people come up here for. The cost of drinks are quite steep, but it is Vegas and it is the Foundation Room, but just be prepared. It would be a great date night for you and the special someone, especially on the slower nights which are usually Tuesday/Wednesday.
4	Went there for an event and I really enjoyed it! Very sultry bar/lounge.  Passed appetizers and open bar. Extremely sultry and very sexy is the decor.  Amazing view of the strip as well as the city.  Dancers entertain you while you enjoy your evening.
4	All I have to say is wow. I'm not the club hopping, silk shirt wearing type of guy, but give me a view and a stiff cocktail and I'll be just fine. The Foundation Room has this interesting hidden jungle temple look on the inside and the outside it's more of a smoky lounge style vibe. Multiple couches, a bar and a view to kill for.  Like I said the view is ridiculous, you can see all the way down the strip and even watch planes land at McCarran airport. I came here during the day for a private event, but I can only imagine what the Strip lights look like at night. Or I can just look at the photos on their Yelp profile...naw, I'll just come back. If you want to impress on a first date or show off to your out-of-town friends, this might be a good place to start. I'll definitely be coming back.
5	the food was delicious. Highly recommend the grilled chicken and shrimp and grits!
5	**This Review is based on my dining experience**Made dinner reservations  online via OpenTable. Awesome dining experience from start to finish!!. Upon checking in at the reservation desk, we were given access to the  elevator to the restaurant. As soon as we stepped off the elevator, we were greeted by name  by a very warm and friendly host who directed us to the balcony since we were a bit early. The balcony has THE BEST VIEW OF THE STRIp!! It's breathtaking! The restaurant is dimly lit and nicely decorated which gives it a very romantic vibe! The service was great and the food and cocktails were wonderful. We ordered the swordfish w/ asparagus and potatoes which was cooked and seasoned to perfection. We also ordered the chocolate cake for dessert. I have to say the  dessert portion was quite small however, it tasted very good. I highly recommend Foundation Room for a date night, a special occasion or if you just want an awesome view of Las Vegas and a great meal!
5	I ordered the shrimp & grits ... omg... my mouth was in heaven... It literally melted in my mouth. The appetizer breads, were also awesome ! everything is just awesome!! nothing negative. It's so great you have to go for yourself to find out. Details on here will not help you at all. It has to be a personal experience.
5	Formerly an exclusive member-only venue, the Foundation Room is a beautifully decorated, unique, warm, fun, stylish place located at the top of Mandalay Bay. There is a special elevator close to the hotel entrance to access the place. We visited the Foundation Room as a group and invested in bottle service (4 bottles) which I had arranged the previous week. The executive VIP host who helped me set up our party was terrific. He was very friendly, accommodating and did a great job explaining all the details around ensuring our event was super high quality and fun for our group. I didn't feel like their only intention was to take as much cash from me as possible, they seemed legitimately interested in ensuring we had a great time at a reasonable cost. Cheers to social media...they all understand the power of the online review.The Foundation Room offers a large outside terrace overlooking the strip from a distance, probably 1 of the top 3 views of Las Vegas. During our event, we were assigned our private server and bouncer. Our server was very precise, respectful and kept the drinks flowing, even during some of the group craziness. She wasn't over pouring and being reckless with our high-priced booze. Our bouncer at one point removed some guy from our area (who was trying to sneak drinks from our bottles). He was also available to escort girls in our party to restrooms and basically was available to take care of any unique needs beyond serving drinks. He also ensured one of the girls in our party was ok after she started getting a bit too wasted. He was respectful and handled the situation appropriately without dragging me or the group down.I'm used to bottle service in Vegas being not as accommodating and certainly more expensive. I'd guess I paid about 30% less than I would have at one of the night clubs (which was not our preference anyway). Our group did want to dance, but we also wanted to relax, be able to speak to each other without yelling and be in an environment that we felt was exclusive and friendly. Our table area had a dance podium in front of it, so when the venue dancers used it, it was somewhat exclusive to us.I've also been to the Foundation Room with my wife only, without the larger group. Still felt exclusive, exotic, warm and sexy (sounds more appropriate than "romantic") Highly recommend this place. If you're celebrating with a group and want to impress your friends with something different than the usual night club, this is a great choice.
5	Huge fan of this place, went there last night. It was packed for Labor Day weekend. So fun, I don't know if every weekend  they do this blackout light thing but it was awesome. Never been before, but it was clear this is the place to be.
5	We try to go here every time were in Vegas. Gorgeous decor and view down the strip. The service and food are both amazing.
5	Great place. Service was solid, atmosphere unique and the drinks great priced for the Strip and location at about $10 each. Have been to many 'ultra-lounges" and this is perfect. Before 10pm, mellow, and relaxing, that after about 11pm kicks up. Security is great and issues never seem to happen. Dinner is great, excellent food, and best Strip views in Vegas. Way better than being trapped in a bubble looking at building sides as you go around in a circle.
5	Very professional establishment. Had bottle service and the waitress always kept coming  around to make sure we were ok, security took care of us all night making sure no one was sitting in our booths that wasn't supposed to be. TIP your waitress and security generously!!! The DJ was killing it with old school 90's hip hop.. My group could not get off the dance floor!!! Awesome time!!!!
4	My parents took me and a few friends to Vegas for my 21st birthday and he pops was real excited to show me the view of the strip from the Foundation Room. We shared bottle service out on the balcony and had a really good time! I can't speak for the crowd inside, but walking through on our way out to the balcony it at least looked really nice. Most of that trip was sort of foggy so I'm a little sorry I couldn't be more specific. Like everything else in Vegas this place was super spensy, so come prepared to drop some serious coin.
2	This review is for the lounge area only and NOT the restaurant or the food. My group and I didn't really like the place too much. Mostly because of the decor..We are Indian and didn't like how there were statues of Hindu Gods used as decoration. I myself am not very religious but I still have respect for others beliefs specially since some members of my family are Hindu. You wouldn't use Jesus Christ on a cross as decoration in a bar or club, then why have Hindu gods in a place that serves alcohol, plays loud uncensored music, and has scantily clad women walking around? I want people to understand its not the music, girls, or alcohol im against, This is Vegas and all of that is acceptable here and I always have fun with all three. BUT religious decor just doesn't belong in a bar, lounge or club. I liked the other decor but we all felt Mandalay Bay should have held out on the statues of gods and deities. Some of the statues we saw are similar, if not the same as, ones we see in Hindu temples, so to see them in a setting like this was weird and offensive. This was the first stop on our party bus tour of Vegas clubs and lounges and Foundation Room has a very nice view of the strip. It rivals that of Ghost Bar and Voodoo at the RIo. 2/5 stars for the view and free drinks.
3	Is it worth the hassle.. Once there your trapped.. So a view,, once is enough..
5	Nina Quincy is THE most amazing person!! She met us and took us in and showed us an.amazing time!! She shared with us some of the history of the foundation room, had our table ready and waiting on us, she kept in contact with us the entire night to make sure we were comfortable and we were taken care of. We couldn't have asked for a more wonderful time. Fantastic views of the strip!
5	Celebrated my birthday Friday the 10 th. Had an absolute wonderful time enjoyed vip table and bottle service.  All the staff was amazing especially our server Amanda Mu Moo, Tyshaun our security and Nina!  Thanks for a wonderful evening!
1	First, I would like to start off this comment by stating that I only post on Yelp if it's really good, or REALLY bad. This, my friends, is unfortunately the latter.The short version of my post: Foundation Room tried to play us for fools and ruined our dining experience.The long version: (which I hope you'll read because it's quite ridiculous)To start things off, my girlfriends and I ordered a bottle of Pinot Noir. Nothing fancy, just a $50 bottle that we were already planning to order more of (get Vegas started off right, right?!) So we order the first bottle and this is where the fun begins...Instead of bringing out the bottle and doing the normal wine presentation that you're used to seeing at a restaurant, she brings out a tray with four pre-filled glasses that each look as though they have one shot of wine in each glass. She sets them down in front of us and leaves. My friends and I (who are no strangers to wine) just stare at each other in disbelief. She calls this a glass of wine? Where is the rest? There was maybe three sips in each. Maybe. Now, I know we didn't order their top notch bottle and I didn't expect their in-house sommelier to pour it, but I did expect to at least see the bottle and I did expect to at least receive the entire contents of the bottle that we were paying for and not just a portion of it. Everyone at the table knew instantly that there was no way we were poured an entire bottle of wine (unless, of course, it was the World's smallest bottle of wine.)Now, since we had no proof that she didn't pour us the entire bottle (since she never brought it out to us and it was pre-poured in back) we ordered another bottle for our husbands and asked for new glasses. We also asked her for the bottle to be brought to the table(uncorked) and a presentation. Our waitress obliged. She came out with the new bottle, corked it before us and filled up the new glasses in the exact amount she did with the first four original wine glasses. And guess what, surprise surprise, after pouring the contents in equal amounts as the first round, there was still HALF A BOTTLE left remaining on the table. So our little experiment worked and proved that she did in fact completely scam us on the first bottle ordered--by filling our glasses in the back of the house and trying to pass it off as a full bottle.We were obviously bummed this was happening, especially given the reputation of the restaurant, so in order to remedy the situation and not cause a scene, one of my girlfriends pulled the waitress aside in the hallway and told her we knew what had happened and that we just wanted things made right. The waitress completely agreed, apologized for the situation and told my friend she'd make sure it was taken care of. Foundation Rooms remedy: Two complimentary desserts (which we didn't order) and instead of charging us for a full bottle for the first bottle, they charged us for four individual glasses of wine instead. Now, why do people order bottles of wine instead of individual glasses of wine at restaurants? Because it's cheaper and you get more, right? So aside from the desserts we didn't want, their solution was to actually charge us MORE for the wine than what we had originally asked for. My blood pressure was through the roof at this point. The dessert was a nice gesture, but we didn't ask for it. I was completely fine paying full amount for the second bottle since we actually were able to enjoy it fully BUT BY GOD I wasn't paying anything towards something we didn't order, weren't able to enjoy and were just outright cheated on.I gestured the waitress over, pointed to the four glasses of wine by the glass listed on the receipt and simply told her "Mam, we did not order four glasses of wine, we ordered a bottle of wine. Since you and I both know we did not receive a bottle of wine, I would like these glasses of wine we didn't order removed." Our waitress nodded, and without hesitation, FINALLY fixed the situation.We travel to Vegas three-four times a year and needless to say, I do not recommend The Foundation Room and will not be returning. I hope you find this review helpful and that Foundation Room improves their manner and poor service.
2	Blood, drinks and a Tetanus Shot!!!!  We went to the Foundation Room on Friday the 17th is October for a Neyo Concert After Party.  We got a round of drinks and headed to the balcony to check out the view.  Just as we stepped in to the balcony I got stuck in the foot with something and grabbed my husband.  It was a piece of broken glass that's cut my foot.  Ouch.  I looked down at my feet it was blood all over my sandals.  A bouncer popped up out of nowhere and checked me.  He called for a"Medic" on his headset.  He had to call 2 more times for the "Medic" bye that time it was blood dripping on the floor.  The medic came took my over to a take a seat.  Bless his soul he wasn't prepared for the amount of blood that my foot was dripping.  He had one bandaid, a thing of saline, and a pack of gauze.  The "Medic's"hand was shaking.  I looked at my best friend who is in the medical field to care for my wound.  She pressed on my food to stop the bleeding and to make sure it wasn't any glass in my foot.  She told Bouncer with Gloves, sorry I meant to say the "Medic" to get more gauze and more bandaids.  She cleaned the wound with the saline and bandaged me up.  The Medic got us a round of drinks for the inconvenience but never filled out a incident report.  Later that evening we stopped at our hotels security to get more band aids and gauze because the wound was oozing.  They asked us why we never took pics or had a incident report filled out.  To be honest we didn't think about it.  My foot hurt and was sore for the rest of our visit which totally sucks since you have to walk a mile inmost hotels in Vegas just to get a coffee.  Now that I am home I was still having issues with my foot so I went to my Dr.  she cleaned the wound which does look like it was getting infected, she gave me antibiotics and a lovely tetanus shot!!!    She asked me why I didn't take pictures of the glass, my foot when it happened and all the blood and my answer was it was all just a accident by irresponsible drinks. They dropped their glass and never told security to clean it up.  The other reason was we were more concerned with stopping the bleeding.  My girlfriends husband was feeling faint since he doesn't do well with blood.  The bleeding was so bad that the white on my sandals were covered in blood.  The bouncers were really nice even though they never filled out a incident report.
2	Had a corporate dinner there 2 nights ago.12 people.Two stars regarding food and table service.Appetizers were good.Ordered rib eye and it was shite.  All fat and gristle with very little meat.   Short ribs were raved about at our table by a couple of people that ordered them.  They got one persons order wrong and he had to watch us eat while waiting for his NY strip.  Service was not too good.  It was relatively quiet there yet our glasses lay empty for 15-20 minutes before we flagged someone down to order more.  Unacceptable for us raging alcoholics.  Good atmosphere, booze and people watching if that's all you want.  Won't be back very soon for a meal..
5	Amazing amazing..food was the best I had the whole trip  and you  can't beat the view. At night it turns into a night  club and they had an open champagne bar for  the ladies. Which we took advantage of and loved. This place was so much fun but the  only downside  is its a little small.
5	Located in Mandalay Bay on the famous Las Vegas Strip. This place is a must do. One of the grooviest views in Las Vegas! Great food, great drinks and fantastic events! The interior decor is worth its own exploration, just don't get lost, we may not find you until dawn. Of you are a Las Vegas local be on the look out for events here, and when you find them, RSVP and go! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	House of Blues Foundation Room is located on top of Mandalay Bay. Once you exit the elevator, you 'll feel like you've entered some far-off land that blends elements of India with England and Ireland as well as the American South. There are beautiful sculpture and carvings of animals and humans. The lounge area ie the main venue for drinking, socializing and dancing are covered by a patchwork of fabrics in deep red, orange and gold.My favorite spot is the balcony, it truly is a must-see spot for the best view in the city. My friends and I were here last night for the Halloween Party. They had great music and free drinks for the ladies until midnight. The only thing is I wish the lounge area was bigger but what a great night!
5	We found this place by chance on yelp. We rented a room to host a party from 6-10 the service was okay everyone was happy with the food and most importantly my wife was happy. The view of the city from the balcony was beautiful and great for taking photos and enjoying a few drinks. The real party starts around 11 and trust me you will not be disappointed. When I say the ladies came out I really mean absolutely gorgeous women came out to entertain and believe me they did not disappoint. The ladies in our group all mentioned how beautiful the girls were and they were all friendly and happy to oblige with photo ops. I must add the entertainment was nothing raunchy but very well done and classy. This is a must see event and ladies drink free.
1	Most terrible club/bar ever!!! Being from miami I've been to my share of clubs.  This was absolutely the most horrible experience I've ever had! 1. The bartenders were standing to the left of the bar twirling their hair, while the lines at the bar built up.2.  It was 90% 50+ year old men/women.3.  The belly dancers (if you can call them that because all they did was rub on each other and the wall) were pushing people out of the way.  I'm sorry correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought I was the "customer" and they were the "entertainment".  How dare they push the guests out of their way with their wreck less idea of dancing?!4.  Way too many people for such a tiny space!5. They advertise free champagne for ladies however by the time you get to the bar it's too late!Horrible horrible experience. Very disappointed in the Las Vegas nightlife. Who wants to wait 1 hr in line to enjoy music and drinks?! Not me!!
3	Beautiful ambiance. .. Food was ok Shrimp and Grit. My husband had short ribs Very Good! When I got my check there was drinks I never even consumed :/ he said "sorry wrong table" not true because it was exactly what we ate and cocktails we had but he added other drinks in there. Great view very expensive but worth the experience
4	Foundation Room at Mandalay Bay has one of the most beautiful views of Las Vegas. Camille, our bartender was awesome!! The DJ played decent music. It is a nice place to have drinks and mingle.
2	Food was fantastic!   Kudos to chef.  Bar was great.   Brian rocked as a bartender.   When we sat for dinner it went downhill.   Server Todd put the app in front of empty seat instead of middle it table.   Hardly  checked in us.   Left empty plates in front of us.  And face us check before offering desserts.   It was my gfs big birthday so of course we wanted desserts.   But don't worry, we won't be back.  Too many other restaurants that will cater to us for a $400 dinner.   Thanks...no thanks.
4	We just went to this place for the first time tonight. I will recommend it to my friends.
5	Didn't know this lounge existed until my wife and I happened by the entrance one evening. We had just returned from dinner at the Eiffel Tower and we're looking for a night cap. It was early (9pm) so they waived the cover and took us up the private elevator to the lounge on top of Mandalay Bay. Cocktails were around $12 but they offer bottle service with bottles north of $2000. Definitely one of the nicest places we visited this trip.
3	I've been here on several occasions and it's cozy and has a nice view of the Strip. I've never had the food here though- just the cocktails.It's got a very polished New Orleans feel to the place. It's like a lounge in the French Quarter meets Disneyland. The venue seems to attract an older crowd but maybe it's me that's older and the nights I come here are for events that draw us old folks out of our suburban homes. Are you 40 or 50-something? You'll dig the low key atmosphere.Are you a 20 something club kid? Probably not the place you want to be.
5	Love the view its not filled to the max with people and room to move around.  GREAT SPOT FOR VIEWS. They have a membership but you can get in several different ways.
3	I really liked the feel of this place.  Hubby and I were invited up so hey we weren't going to turn down seeing one of the best views in Vegas.  We were let in through the velvet ropes and took the private elevator to the top floor (66 or 67 floors....can't remember).There is a restaurant but we were just there for drinks.  I would like to go back sometime as I am sure the dinner views are gorgeous.  The decor is very dark and comfortable...it looks like what I imagine the English men's clubs must have looked like in days of old.  Big comfy couches and chairs and a gorgeous wooden bar.  It is the kind of place you can have long conversations with your date or a great time with friends.It was freezing outside on their deck to see the view and then we came back in.  BUT what a view! We will definitely come back when the weather is warm and sit and just soak in the view of the strip.The only thing I did not like was our server.  It was not that she wasn't nice because she was, it was her behavior.  First the servers wear what look like lingerie with stockings.  This does not bother me...it is Vegas.  However our server was spilling out of the top of her outfit, I mean god bless her if she sneezes because everyone is getting a free show.  Anyway even that didn't bother me as much as it felt kind of awkward sitting there pretending not to notice the girls...and then she sat down beside my hubby touched his arm and asked for our order.  I am no prude but it just made me feel AWKWARD. So we were one drink and out.  On the whole it is a hip place to hang out and we will definitely be going back.  The drinks were good and the service fast and nice (And you may even get a free show ;)
