2	This place should rename themselves to Hello Beijing or Hello China. This is not a typical Japanese restaurant. Their entrees are definitely prepared in Chinese cooking style and rolls taste way different then what you expect. Vegetables are cooked with oil and soy sauce and garlic. They taste like grilled vegetables from Chinese restaurant.  Also, Make sure you read what is in there. Ex) Crunch roll has cream cheese instead of shrimp tempura. Entrees are a bit pricy and you will feel like this food taste like the first Chinese plate you ever made.
4	Best eel nigiri I've had in Las Vegas. Also had an excellent spider roll. My husband had the chicken Katsu that he really liked. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that the woman's restroom had no toilet paper at the time and they had not posted their grade  yet. Won't be back again until the grade is posted, but the food was very good!! I suggest everyone try it.
3	So here's an update. We originally went on 10.18.14 and have subsequently gone back last night. The quality of the food remains very high. The only problem is that the wait staff is pretty terrible. They aren't trained servers, but seem to be friends of the owner that needed a job. You can tell right away that they've never served. Don't get me wrong, they're very nice, but when you get your appetizer after the entree is served there is a problem. I was also annoyed that there were long time gaps in between serving each member of our party. I would go again, but be warned.
1	I'm really upset about my experience here. I went last night around 6pm now I'm writing a review at 5am because this is still on my mind. I walked in and was greeted by a man who was on the phone. I ordered crab rangoon and chicken teriyaki. The crab rangoon was terrible, it was so salty and it was not creamy like a rangoon is suppose to be, honestly I thought the cream cheese they used was expired. So I tossed the entire appetizer after one bite then moved on to the chicken teriyaki. Depressing, completely bland no teriyaki flavor at all so I also tossed that into the trash. I use to be a cook and their food quality is 1/10. Don't waste your time or money I see this place closing doors like the previous restaurant.
5	Nothing wrong with this Sushi spot at all. Ordered the Miso Soup, Crab Rangoons, Edamame, and Hawiaian Roll. Everything was great. Server was incredibly. Rangoons were sweet.. Its crab meat thery are supposed to be sweet! They were not "expired" :/. This side of town has little food options. When a new place opens up that offeres us a selection we should support the business. We finally have a sushi spot right in our backyard and I hope that eastsiders appreciate it and support it. Great food. Can't wait to come back.
