5	Not sure whether the same people are there since the previous review. My guess is no. I took my car to Sun Auto to have the A/C recharged. They did a complimentary inspection and pointed out some things that would need attention, but nothing critical that needed to be done right away. They even checked the thickness of my brake rotors, since the front pads are beginning to get low. The owner is a friendly guy who is fun to chat with, showed me several things on my car for my own information, told me a few things I can do myself rather than having them do them. They found no leaks in the car and said that overall it was in very good shape (I bought this car about six weeks before I took it in).
1	I called and made an appointment to have the transmission serviced and asked them to tighten a squealing belt that was just changed at the beginning of the month on my daughters car. I sent my daughter to have the work done.....BIG MISTAKE! Nothing like preying on a young girl. They said it's squealing because oil is leaking on it and it needs to be replaced. The oil is belt dressing that I sprayed on it to avoid having to go to another auto shop. They wanted to charge her $90.00 to power wash the engine to find the oil leak!! And $172.00 to replace a brand new belt!!
1	This place is horrible. I have taken my carIn there for them to fix my power steering pump 2 times.1st time went well I paid them over 1500 to do it and it lasted for a month. They obviously didn't fix it, because I was on the other side of town and my steering wheel seized up. You think after spending that much money it would be fixed right, so they had me bring it back in and fix it for free. (2nd time)About 3 months later right now, my power steering is still making more sounds. I'm pretty sure it's not the parts fault, they just never fix it right. I'll call again and they will just have me bring it back in so I can pay more for something else they won't fix. Real high class establishment!
5	I found this shop through searching the BBB for a shop with A+ rating. They have always bent over backward to give me a more than fair deal with pricing and explained my car issues to me in a thoroughly, so I could make an educated choice on what I could afford. I've done my due diligence to compare their analysis and pricing and they've always been the best. Being a woman and having many cars, I've have dealt with many shops that are condescending or overly flirty, and none of the guys working there are like that. Very professional, honorable, and serve the community well.
1	Went in for an oil change. Told car will be done in 45mins. Went for a walk and called to check on car to see if it was ready, guy told me that they did a tire rotation and two of my lug nuts were stripped so its going to take 10more mins. Told me that they are replacing the lug nuts and its probably going to cost me about $2 each. seems fair to me, so I went ahead with it. Walked back to the place to pick up my car. Guy told me that because my lug nuts were chrome, the price of the lug nuts were $8.50 each instead. So I ended up paying more for the lug nuts then I did for the oil change. I was not even told they were going to do a tire rotation on my car in the first place, I just presumed it was going to be an oil change and that's that. I didn't fight my case and just went ahead to pay the $$ and left because I wasn't sure how much a lug nut would cost. After doing some research on the internet, I realized that I could get a set of 10 chrome lug nuts for $15. I paid $17 for 2 lug nuts!! All in all, I feel ripped off. They took advantage of the fact that I don't know much about cars. I should have read the reviews before trying the place out! I am definitely NOT returning! Thank you for nothing!
1	So I went in for an oil change last week and they told me my headlight had burned out. They asked me if I wanted to purchase a new one but I declined. I figured I could find something cheaper elsewhere and sure enough i went to autozone to visit a friend who works there. As he (my friend) started to put it in, he wiggled the old lightbulb around and sure enough it turned on. I found it a little fishy from the beginning that my headlight all of a sudden wasn't working. Before you fall into their trap of overly priced car maintenances, always get a second opinion!!!
5	Awesome service! No appointment but I was still able to get squeezed in and my car back quickly. Thank you sun auto!
5	Didn't have to make an appointment, service was fast called when the car was done. customer service is good. I would recommend Sun auto.
5	Great service!  Very friendly staff. Good prices, technicians thoroughly described to me what was wrong. Had a repeat engine light, and they fixed the problem free of charge.  Outstanding customer service.  After my second time they they greeted me with my first name. Highly recommended!
5	Great and fast customer service! Shilo was the person at the front and he was very welcoming and engaging with us being new customers. Fit us in for a walk in oil change on a Saturday morning with no problem and they got to working on the car very fast. Would definitely come back here for sure! :)
1	I had a bad alternator that needed to be replaced and someone I know recommended Sun Auto Service on Rome Blvd, so not having a better alternative decided to give them a try.I called and spoke to Shiloh and asked for a quote, gave them my make, year, model, engine size, etc and was quoted a total price including labor of $419.00.  It was cheaper than another place I got a quote from so I decided to go with them.Took my car in a few days later and was told they would check a couple other things to make sure that it was an alternator.  They called me a few hours later and confirmed that my alternator was bad and Shiloh told me the total price would be $650.00.  I asked what had changed in a few days to make the price go up and was told that I was given the price for the incorrect alternator by "whoever" I spoke with - apparently Shiloh didn't think I would remember I spoke to him.  Obviously I was a bit upset with the change and was told that since I had been expecting a different price they would "meet me in the middle" and it would just be $550.00.  Since I would basically have to pay to have my car towed from their shop it was easier/cheaper to just have them do it at the higher price than to take it elsewhere.That was a BIG mistake.  While talking about the alternator, Shiloh told me that I had a leak in my water pump and recommended having it replaced.  Needless to say that after having been quoted the "incorrect" price once already I wasn't willing to have anything else done and told them to just change the alternator.Got my car back a couple hours later, drove it home and everything seemed fine.  I had to drive across town the next day and just so happened to stop somewhere on the way and noticed steam coming from under the hood.  I checked my radiator and it was completely empty.  I tried filling up the radiator and every drop I put in ending up leaking out.  When I started the car up water was literally shooting up from somewhere under the engine.I was 30 miles away from Sun Auto Service and didn't want them to have ANYTHING to do with my car again, so I had the car towed to Quality Star Imports & Domestics.  Guess what?  NO problem with my water pump at all - so clearly Sun Auto Service either lied or didn't know what they were talking about.  My radiator thermostat housing was broken however and needed to be replaced.The mechanic at Quality Star couldn't say for sure whether it was something that broke on its own or not, but the fact that Sun Auto lied to me twice already along with the "coincidence" of the part breaking the day after I took my car to them told me everything I needed to know.I would strongly caution everyone to avoid Sun Auto Service.
5	So my girlfriends car has been having problems with her check engine light and brakes, my usuall mechanic had moved across town. So I decided to give sun auto a try, she call and someone set her up with an appointment for friday. Being that my girlfriend feels like she always gets ripped off I decided to take the vehicle in for her. Shiloh was the guy at the front counter and was very helpfull, and was thorough on what it was going to take to diagnose her car. He explained it would take some time and they gave me a ride home. I got a call and was invented down to check out the problem but shiloh seemed very honest and explained what kind of repair shop they were and really made me feel like I understood what the repairs were that they were going to do to her car., since I was paying  I gave him the go ahead. I picked up the car later that day and no check engine light and brakes were amazing, my girlfriend will be very happy and I found a new mechanic. Thanks guys
4	I needed an oil change and for a low price they were able to give me an oil change, rotated my tires, and gave my car full service check at no cost. The service advisor was very friendly and provided great advice on how to take care of the interior of my car.  I was in and out within an hour
5	Needed my oil changed before a road trip and they fit me in before closing.... Great service!!
5	I love Sun Auto. They never make me feel like I'm getting scammed or ripped off like most auto places do. Good job guys
5	By far the best Auto service place in Las Vegas!! Great and fast customer service,  Shilo greeted me right when I walked in the door, and helped me out right away! Very Comfy waiting area, this will me my place to come for anything I need done with my car!!
4	Guys down there are great. I call in the morning and get an appointment same day everytime. I bring both of my vehicles here. Definitely recommend using these guys.
5	The staff at sun auto are awesome. I always get my oil changed there. mike and shiloh are polite and very quick with their services. Most importantly I totally trust them.
1	Decently priced.. But not for the hassle I had to go through. As soon as I was done with my oil change, I'm leaving the parking lot and notice there's a nail in my tire.. So I go back and he rushes to grab his card and sends me to discount tire to get it patched. As I'm leaving discount tire, I check to see if one of my screws are missing. Sure to find out, one of the srews are missing to my skid plate and it was the one in my tire. I call back to tell them. He rudely tells me to bring it back and as I start to get a tad bit frustrated on the phone, I was HUNG UP ON. I try to call back about 4-5 times, no answer. I call another location to get the corporate number and try calling back this location. Shiloh answers and tells me I have an attitude and basically to please stop cursing if I want help and proceeds to hang up on me as well. I shouldn't have to calm down because you guys don't know how to put things back the way you find them. BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE AND CANT PUT YOUR CAR BACK CORRECTLY.
1	Avoid this place at all costs. It took them three attempts to get the clutch in my car before I gave up and went elsewhere. They also had my other car for over a month and kept lying to me about when the right part would arrive. These guys are worthless save your time and spend your money elsewhere.
5	Super friendly guys made it really easy to trust them with my car. They are honest and fast. I'll be back for my next oil change.
5	Sun Auto Service is the only place that I will bring my vehicles to when they need repairs.   I was very impressed with the excellent customer service and the prices charged.  This location is family owned and appreciates each and every customer. Hard to find these days    I encourage everyone to use them  the next time.   Ask for Shilo he is awesome !
5	Very professional fast service.  Compared prices and value of service with the other companies nearby and no one could come close to the value.  Also a very convenient location where you can get a lot done while your car is being serviced.
