5	Long hailed as one of the best dive bars in Vegas, you'll probably want to know what you're getting into before you head there.The regular patrons of Huntridge Liquor have been going there for decades.  They're chatty and warm, but the building itself is old, the tile floor dingy.  No matters here, the drinks are really cheap and the stories flow as easily as the booze.  This is literally old Vegas.  If you're looking for somewhere fancy, head on down the road, pardner. But if you love nothing more than sidlin' up to the bar next to an old timer with a cheap drink in your hand and listening to how the west - or at least Vegas - was won, this is the place to do it.Look for the old Pabst sign in front of the parking lot on the Maryland side.
5	classic dive bar in a town of disposability.  It would be three stars at most ,even in a place like LA that still even has dozens of these types of places.  Also a hilarious barmaid (I guess you better have some personality if you are working this place at 10 AM when we showed up).  Her best lines: "Vegas was better when the Mob ran everything.  You wouldn't see some gangbanger leaping into a casino cage to steal money, a dozen guys would have opened up on him before he made it into the parking lot."  Also "Oh, no thirty years ago the casinos had some personality, not like the sinister corporate places they are now."  We laughed, happy to drink a $2 PBR after getting raped for cocktails on the strip.  If you are heading downtown include it as a diversion from tossing money down a rathole back on the Strip.
4	My only vist here was a few months ago, I suppose it's time to go back.  If I recall correctly Milwaukee's Best Light cans were the special, which is good because Beast Light is a special beer!  We rolled in around 10 pm on a Thursday and there were only two other guys there.  Fortunately they had just been shopping in the store attached the bar and had come back bearing Cheeseburger Pringles.  What a treat!Other than its age, there's nothing particulary unique about this place.  However, the lady behind the bar was great, the complimentary beer or two arrived after we'd only been there an hour and we weren't even chatting that much. :)If you enjoy the dive scene this is one place you must go.
5	Fuck whatcha hurd this is the most dive bar of Las Vegas! Big win here! I have, without fail, been offered money for sex, meth, and crack every time I go there. Awesome. So ladies, go in a group and don't forget your mace! But I love this spot, it is like time stood still. I heard they remodeled recently and I havent been in a while so I am going to have to check it out again soon.
4	Classic divebar, with plenty of local color. Last time I was there, there was an altercation between two streetwalkers who were playing the slots, and a homeless black dude. Since the machines still pay out in quarters, he grabbed the bucket of change and absconded with it, creating quite a ruckus as he spilled it during his escape. The big-tittied bartender called the cops on him and he bolted, while the ladies picked up the change off the floor. One dollar pints of Budweiser rounded out the experience, especially since they were just a tad flat. Go in through the pharmacy for that added effect...  Check out their sister bar the Decatur Liquors..
4	First time Here. Cheap drinks. Good music. No complaints. Just as good as NYC bars. Check it out. Don't get aids here. Welcome to mama.
5	The next hipster gem dive bar to be taken over by boys and girls with asymmetrical haircuts and tiny jackets. I heart this place nonetheless.
4	(note: this is reposted from another listing of this establishment)I love the Huntridge.  It's a great little neighborhood dive, stress on the dive.  The drinks are crazy cheap (like $3 for call liquor?!), and they always have weekly specials.  The bartenders are friendly and entertaining, and the working-class clientele is refreshingly unpretentious and relaxed.  Warning: it is smoky as all get out in there, and smells like smoke even when it's empty! So if you're sensitive to that, don't go here.  They have a great jukebox, random bar snacks, and an array of bar video games to entertain the drunkards.  I always seem to gravitate toward this place around 2-4 am because it's right on my way home from pretty much anywhere else.  The Huntridge is open 24-hours, but if you feel the need to take the party elsewhere, you can always buy 6-packs or bottles of liquor to go!Update: they've started having a Weds night game night, where people get together and play Apples to Apples, UNO, or whatever might be of interest.  Great way to meet new folks!
4	Drinks are cheap (hot buttered rum $2. Beer was 2 or 3)The bathrooms are pretty clean and there's 2 stallsBartender is friendly...I don't know what else you need to read other than the first sentence. A mixed crowd, who cares anyway really because the drinks are CHEAP!
4	A great dive bar has to strike a delicate balance between grungy and comfortable.  It should feel like the cozy little hole in the wall where the floor isn't that clean and the booths are slightly broken, but the beer and liquor are well stocked and the characters are colorful.  Think dirty enough that T.G.I. Friday's managers would be disgusted, but safe enough that you're not getting a knife in your side when you sidle up to the bar.And in Las Vegas, Huntridge Tavern is that bar.  I head here a lot during happy hour and find a collection of folks who are happy to be drinking--the clientele is usually a mix of folks just off work, folks down on their luck and smart ass regulars lined up along the bar talking to the bartender.  There's a lot of attitude is this bar.  Go with it and you'll have a good time.And Huntridge follows through on the crucial requirement for a dive bar: cheap drinks.  Beer is $2-3 from the tap, liquor was pretty damn cheap (for a generous pour as well).  It's definitely my favorite hole in the wall in town.
3	I like dive bars for the cheap drinks... but even more for the unpretentious sanctuary they offer in a city full of poseurs. UNFORTUNATELY, the f*cking hipsters have turned what was once a nice, quiet, miserable dive full of toothless methheads and winos into an edgy watering hole full of bicycle-riding, big black-plastic-framed-glasses-wearing Portland, Ore. wannabes.I came here on the night of 7.16.11, and at first all was well: methheads at the bar, winos in the corner, box of Franzia unabashedly on tap. The atmo was dim, gloomy, wood-paneled and grim -- just what I likes.Then, the invasion began. They trickled in one by one in their skinny jeans and ironic t-shirts, piling their bicycles in the corner, making ironic jukebox selections and swilling hipster ambrosia a/k/a Pabst Blue Ribbon.When the bicycles outnumbered the meth-heads, I knew it was time to get the hell out of there. I wish these punk-ass kids would stick to their bedrooms in those ugly new houses! Shoo, junior -- I heard there's this awesome secret pizza place at the Cosmo that no one knows about -- why don't you go check that out and leave us authentic dive bar denizens alone?Meanwhile, I was grumbling all of this into a totally UN-unpretentious Campari & soda.But goddammit -- I'M supposed to be the only ironic one in these places!
5	$3 Fat Tire's!?! Seriously!?! No, really??? I couldn't believe it. Even here in the 'burbs of Chicago you can't get a bottle of Fat Tire that cheap.First off, I was brought to this dive by a buddy of mine that lives out in Vegas. It's in a strip mall next to an old school pharmacy and it's no where near the main hotels. Already I was intrigued. We enter and are greeted by a few of his friends already seated at a booth, which is always a good sign for a fun night ahead (it ended up being a fantastic night). I start to look around and this place was obviously where old timers used to go and booze it up. There were still a few of those older gents seated at the bar (and managing to stay upright). It's tiny, it's smoky, it's dimly lit. The booths only sit four so folks have to pull up chairs. I can see it being cramped if more than 30 people are there at the same time. Basically, I was won over by its charm. My night in perfect cheap beer heaven ended far too quickly, but at least now I know where to go to find great conversation and a good beer at a great price. I miss you already Huntridge Tavern.
5	My buddy Christina C. and I went to check out the tavern after a night downtown. We strolled in at about 3 a.m. on a Tuesday morning. There were a couple of regulars hanging out watching episodes of Deadwood on the flat screen. Carla, our bartender, was very accommodating and fun to talk to. I cannot believe how cheap the booze is here! Lots of choices on tap and plenty more from the fridge. It's a smokey, dive bar so I can understand the bad reviews, however, after a long night on the town, this was the perfect place to wind down. My only gripe is the lack of selection on the jukebox, but then Carla informed me I had to pay more money for the good songs. The music already playing was strange jazz improvisation that just wasn't for me. I wish there was some Sinatra or the like in the background.
5	This is the place I always think of when a Strip hotel bar or swanky "lounge" charges me $12 for a precisely-measured (read: "stingy") something-and-soda. $3.50 or $4 for top-shelf drinks, $2 drafts, and some of the friendliest bartending you can imagine -- that's what makes the Huntridge great. That and the entirely functional drinking-man's (or -woman's) atmosphere will get you through a weekend night or a weekday afternoon or maybe just a rough morning. Attracts a mixed crowd of hard drinkers, swing dancers, off-duty artists, hipster bicyclists, Freemasons, and school teachers, with no hard feelings, unembarassed dancing, and every now and again some sweet DJing (though the jukebox is tops, too!).
3	Now this is a legit dive. I don't like cigarette smoke though so this isn't a spot I'll probably go back to since it's permeated with the smell of smoke.  Definitely where you'll see some real locals!  Cheap beers too!
4	This is not Cheers. Everybody doesn't know your name and they probably wouldn't give a fuck if you told them.My friend suggested I meet here for drinks on my birthday. I thought it'd be a cute, old Vegas bar, boy was I wrong. And I'm still wondering why my bougie gay friend would chose a place like this. There are TV's everywhere. The money they save in cleaning is obviously spent on flat screen plasmas. They also have some gaming and a juke box. A few people in the bar were cheering on Tim Tebow while a few other guys were screaming at the TV "Tebow, you f*gg*t!"So why did I give them 4 stars? The drinks were strong and cheap, and no one bothers you. There were all types of people coming in and out, everyone was happy and having a good time. Despite people yelling f-bombs at the Tim Tebow, my gay friends didn't feel threatened at all -- they chose the place!I didn't give it 5 stars because this place is HELLA smokey. I mean HELLA. I had to wash my hair 3 times to get the smell out.If you're a local, and just want to chill and/or watch the game, Huntridge is a good place to go. No egos and no hipsters, just strong drinks and real Las Vegans.
4	Came here after first Friday 3/2 for the first time...it's a regular hangout for some of my friends .  Drinks are ridiculously cheap and strong, served by friendly bartenders.  $2 Shocktops on draft and I had a Vodka Soda that was the strongest drink i've ever had...had to ask Carla to top it off again with Soda...i'm a wimp :/Modern TV's everywhere, this would be a cool place to catch a game sometime.  They also have beer to go.I guess on Wed's they have a board game night which sounds cool.Minus one star for being a death trap smoke wise...otherwise a great little bar
5	The Huntridge tavern seems difficult to find for most, so I'll explain it in detail here:Its on maryland&charleston, on the same corner as the circle k. in fact its "behind" the circle k.  At night you'll see a neon light saying "bar" its two doors down from the Savers (same building)I love going here on Wednesday night game night, usually I'll try to pick up a new $1 game from savers and add it to the growing collection. So far Apples to Apples and Catch phrase have been the most fun.Key points for this place*cheap as F*&#k drinks ($1.5+ for beers) *drink specials*smokey*a very eclectic crowd.*Tv*video poker and gaming machines*impromptu dancing*some interesting artwork on the walls*great music whether its a dj or the jukebox*you can buy a six pack or bottle to go*lots of locals and die hard regulars, so don't be a dick.
1	Two words come to mind: never again.
5	OMG!!!! $3.75 for well drinks?! I was drunk with my $20. Probably I'm such a light weight. But the atmosphere is very fun. Especially when there's a game going on. To get to the restroom, walk through the hallway of photo album pages from the bar's events.This bar is a must stop for a bar hopping adventure when you're in downtown!
5	Love this Bar. I found it on my recent thrift store/pub crawl. And boy this was a good find. If you can handle the smoke it's a great local/dive bar. I have to admit, that when I first walked in I expected to see a bar full of degenerates, but no just some good ole locals.Cheap-stiff drinks, bizarre-o art, flocked & wood paneled walls give this old joint a really quirky, interesting feel. If you are lucky enough to get a seat at the "millionaires table" well, enjoy it.
4	I used to go to this bar before it became the happening spot and was strictly a local bar. It's always retained this "genuine article" quality to it. It feels a little like "Cheers" for the Island of Misfit Toys. The drinks are cheeeeaaap! The place is happening on Fridays and Saturdays, but a lot of the local arts district people trickle in and out every day of the week. A good place to start or end the night but not necessarily spend your *whole* night.
4	On a recent trip to Las Vegas, my buddy and I made it a point to not frequent the strip and go where the locals go. We walked from El Cortez over to Huntridge, on some questionable streets. I mean, I don't shy away from stuff like that and I was drunk, but I still had the sense to walk on the opposite side of the street from some of the people we encountered. We also saw a guy swigging his drank from the cutout bottom of a 2 liter soda bottle. What haven't I thought of that?!Anyways, we hung out for a couple rounds of cheap booze, emphasis on cheap. The place is smokey, had some filthy characters and you can even game at the bar. I think they even had old stained Bud Ice or Bud Dry banners hanging on the walls. This is a true dive, not for someone who is looking for the "divey, but not too divey" vibe. Besides, that's not a dive bar.I can understand the grudge some locals are having it become the next hipster hangout but that also means you might see a pretty girl or two make a stop by here. That does make any dive a little less grim.
5	I'm a big HTC fan. Low prices, cool people, and all the douches don't know about it. As good as a dive bar gets.
3	Came here on a downtown pub crawl. Not really my scene. Neon lights everywhere. A few TVs that gives it a sports bar feel. I don't like the smell at all. Lingering smoke smell.  Just remember, when you drive down the road, the sign doesn't say Huntridge Tavern. It just says Tavern. My friend pointed out the various signs around the bar. Things like, "t-shirts on sale," or "sexual harassment in this area will not be reported, however, it will be graded."  Cool staff, lots of bar top seating and pub style tables. Just not my scene.
5	So dive. Off the beaten path. Comfortable
5	This is a great place for cheap drinks. And even cheaper drinks to go. One of the few places with a package liquor license, so don't be afraid to ask for something to go. All of the bartenders are awesome. There's always an eclectic mix of people...the older crowd and the youngins mostly... but always something in between. You will always feel safe here. This is a neighborhood bar and no one will let anyone get away with shit here. Always a good time. You never know what you'll be walking into here. It could be a handful of people, or a dj, or a live band or Anthony Bourdain might be filming a show. Don't miss out.
4	Small door leads to a dark and not so smokey bar. Average age this Sunday night is about 50. Feels like it's been around forever. Drinks are strong. Very relaxed.
3	I don't know what it was . . . but this place did not sit well with me . . . I mean . . . the beer was cold . . . the drinks were cheap . . . but I just could not getting the vibe here.  Maybe it was the fact that it was tucked away in a strip mall . . . or the fact that smoke smell was overwhelming . . . I'm just not sure.Anyways . . . the bartender was attentive . . . and seemed to keep everyone flowing in alcohol . . . but that was the only good thing . . . will I come back . . . possibly . . . but it would be later in the day or night . . . just to see if the vibe is different.
4	You absolutely cannot beat the cheap drinks here. A good place to mash on some alcohol as long as you can stand the smokey smell. The bartender was very attentive and friendly. Ladies bathroom was much cleaner than I expected for a dive bar. I smelled like I visited my chain-smoking grandma's house and it lingered until I was able to shower the stank away.
1	Anthony Bourdain, good lord.  What were you thinking?    I don't have a problem with dive bars and all,  but this place takes it to a new level. Just know that.We couldn't figure out whether it was featured on the 'Parts Unknown' series because (a) he genuinely thought this place was worth going to, and is trying to bring people to a struggling business; or (b) it was meant as some kind of joke to the viewing audience. Was this Bourdain's way of messing with his foodie viewers' minds?   The world may never know.Two different downtown cabbies the night we went and neither one of them had even heard of this place, let alone knew where to go.  'Parts unknown' indeed.  Upon arrival, we actually had to double-check whether or not we were at the right place, and the cabbie stuck around to make sure we weren't shanked. You'll find out exactly why this place should remain a 'part unknown' the minute you open the door. .  Or maybe BEFORE you open the door, when you'll gaze upon the dot-matrix printer-paper sign, messily scotch-taped to the completely tinted all-glass door , which exclaims in all-caps: "YOU CAN'T PEE FOR FREE."  The night we entered, a scraggilly-dressed man in his late 60's was passed out at the obligatory slot machine game, head back and mouth wide open, empty drink glass right next to him.  Next up,  a geriatric-skewed patchy group of  beyond middle-aged lost souls scattered lightly  around the bar (and this was a Saturday night). The lone bartendress was okay, but not very friendly; maybe she recognized we weren't local.  Maybe her boyfriend yelled at her earlier that day. .  Who knows.Avoid like the plague..unless schadenfreude is your thing.  It just feels like you're in a failing business with a bunch of bar flies who gave up on life a long time ago.     If you want to get away from the Strip,  there are plenty of options that are leagues better (and at the same price point) in/closer to downtown.
4	Cool bar in a scary location. Great bartender, neat atmosphere, great dive bar. Marked down for sketch walk to/from parking lot.
