4	I think this is the first hotel review I've ever done...I usually limit myself to restaurants. This hotel was VERY good to me.  I constrain my elation with the realization that this is simply a Hampton Inn so I'll try not to make it sound like the Ritz Carlton.  :-) With that disclaimer, very clean rooms, standard but good breakfast, extremely nice and hospitable staff, and on occasion they do really nice stuff like give a free 'taco night'.  On a tight budget, this is really welcome.  Also, the location is very good if you are here on business.  It's nowhere near the strip and there is nothing strip-like to do in the neighborhood, but it has some great restaurants close-by (note my other Las Vegas reviews from not-on-the-strip).
3	While we had hoped to stay on The Strip for our stay back in September even though it wasn't a leisure trip, we ended up staying at this Hampton Inn because all of the hotels on the strip were ridiculously priced and we really couldn't justify spending that much. This hotel was located in a pretty quiet neighborhood and was fairly new. The room was clean and suited our needs well, though it was nothing particularly special. The next night we stayed at a Holiday Inn in Henderson which was definitely nicer for around the same price.The breakfast here was convenient for people like us who were in a rush to leave in the morning, but the eggs were kind of gross. I've noticed that mass-prepared eggs can either be gross because they're too watery or because they're too dry. These were the too dry kind, and I was a bit disappointed since I was looking forward to having eggs. This is not an ideal hotel for your typical "Vegas" trip, but if you're here on business or just passing through town then this is a reliable place to stop off for the night.
2	I travel every week and stay almost exclusively at Hampton Inns.  As far as a normal non casino place to stay in Vegas it fits the bill.  I was a bit bothered by the fact that the back door did not lock but I mentioned it to the front desk and they had it fixed by the end of the day. The TV reception and channel choices are poor, but I suppose most folks come to Vegas to do things other than watch TV.  The rooms are a bit weary and aged but clean.  As mentioned in other reviews, you are right next to the freeway on one side of the building.
5	First time stay in here, I was impressed.  Clean room, comfortable atmosphere and courteous staff...its value is beyond my expectation. Highly recommended!!!
5	This is the 5th Hampton Inn we have stayed in. Perfect location for us. WAY OFF THE STRIP but close to Santa Fe Station. Also close to Mountain View Hospital. Very clean, courteous staff. Pool is small but nice. Will stay at again when my go-to hotel is full. Very pleased. Good breakfast. For the price, worth it!
5	After our horrible experience at Santa Fe Hotel we came here. Judy at the front desk is the nicest person. She made us feel so welcome and gave us a nice room. We were so pleased in how super clean this place is. Our room immaculate.  After having a nice dinner out we came back to fresh baked cookies and delicious hot coffee. If I come to this part of Vegas again I am definitely staying here.
4	The Hampton Inn is a nice clean place to stay.   Like others have said it is far off the strip.   Don't think about taking a taxi here to the strip, that would cost you a fortune.   If you have a car, it's not a bad drive at all.   It might take 20 minutes to get to the strip from here.   I stayed here a couple weeks ago with a buddy of mine and the rooms were nice and clean and comfortable.   The price was very reasonable and the place was quiet which allowed for a good night's sleep.   The staff was friendly and the free breakfast was a great way to start the day and then hit the road.   Good show folks.   Will I be back?   Sure...  I like this place.
3	Not the greatest Hampton Inn. I personally love the Hampton product but this location is bit for me.
1	Something really weird was going on the week we were there.  It seems they got rid of all of their professional, service-minded staff and brought in some people off the street to act as staff, or maybe they recruited them from a prison yard. They seemed to be partying with their friends; they were loud and obnoxious and just goofing off to the point where no one wanted to come to the front desk.  The girls in the pantry were really loud and yelling in another language in front of all the diners.  Why did they have the pantry door propped open so the guests could hear all of their nonsense?  I didn't see anyone in Hampton Inn uniforms either.  One employee was wearing a party hat.  What the heck is going on here??  These were not trainable people.  There is no way they would understand the phrase "customer service" or "guest experience." Where is the Manager?  Where is the District Manager?
4	I was working northwest of Las Vegas, and my host suggested this hotel in the city's northwest corner. It was only 25 minutes from downtown, in a hospital district, but it was a blessed relief to be so far from traffic and tawdriness of The Strip. Even though U.S. 95 is right outside the back door, there was virtually no noise. Otherwise, it was a standard-issue Hampton Inn: clean, comfortable, friendly, reasonably priced, and unimaginative in its decor.Big pluses: An outdoor hot tub, and a Whole Foods about a mile away.Small minus: The management seems to be deaf to noise in the lobby and breakfast area. A loud TV plays right next to the loud music system. It drives the desk clerks crazy, but they told me that they are not allowed to turn off one or the other. At breakfast time, you might consider eating in your room.
5	My GPS for some reason took me a bit down the road passed the street entrance.  The road in is hard to find and the hotel has other buildings in front of it so it's not totally visible from the street.  The street is across from a building that says "Sperry Van Ness".Came a day early by mistake and they were sold out.  I had booked a month ago and since the rates dramatically rise and fall from weekend to weekday I must have originally planned to drive straight to my conference and check in after it was over. The front desk girl was nice about it and my potential need to cancel if I found another place for the time I needed.  I have not (booked a room elsewhere for one night) and will have a full review after my stay here is over in a few days.Update October-I neglected to return and report my stay here was a great as the other Hampton Inns.  My room was facing the nightmare hotel I stayed out just the night before.  Both are on the freeway but I couldn't hear the traffic as my room was more toward the front of the hotel, a location the front desk person suggested when I told her I would like a quiet room and my experience next door.Breakfast was just as plentiful with lots of variety as the other locations.  I made good use of the mini fridge and WiFi and couldn't be more pleased about staying at this location.I think I have learned that being in the same block as the convention/event is not the best. Better to have a few minutes drive away from the busyness.  You get better prices and more time to yourself to just enjoy the trip and take in the surrounding rather than meeting conference people at every step in the lobby or being drawn into this lunch or that shopping trip, etc.
1	Don't stay here! Worst service I have ever had!I made a reservation over the phone three weeks prior to my stay. Everything seemed ok at first, prices weren't bad, the girl helping me was nice and quick. She even repeated back to me all my info to make sure everything was perfect. (My reservation was from 7/20-725)When I was on my way to the hotel I called to let them know I was on my way and to confirm my reservation. Nothing changed so I was at easy.In the morning on the 24th I saw my bill taped to my door which I thought that was extremely unprofessional. I was running behind schedule so I just took a glance at the bill. On the bill I was only being charged to the 23rd, I thought that was strange so I made it a point to go to the office and ask about it. About an hour later I got a very rude call from one of the ladies in the front desk asking me why I haven't checked out yet. I explained to her it was because I don't check out until the 25th. She told me that her paper work says that I extended my stay so I asked if I could speak with her manager. Her manager was beyond rude with me and told me my reservation ended and she had already gave away my room so I had to get my stuff and get out before the end on the day. I asked her if maybe she can at least change my room but she repeated that there is nothing I can do, all her rooms are booked and I need to get my stuff out of my room.I continued to call their 800 number to see what they can do because I had no place to stay that night. The first representative listen to what I had to say then put me on hold for ten minutes then hung up on me. So I called back. The second representative told me I was right and my reservation was still to the 25th but there was nothing he could do for me and if I wanted to resolve the situation I would have to settle it with the hotel.About five minutes later the hotel called me and told me that they decided to extend my stay for me( like they were doing me a favor!). When I got back to the hotel my room key didn't work anymore so I went to the office and talked to the manager (It was a different manager than before). She gave me new room keys, a water bottle and told me she would comp one night for my inconvenience.I'm still furious! Without a doubt the worst stay I have ever had anywhere! That was one of the most stressful day I have ever had! I will NOT be returning!
2	I love Hampton Inn but this location is in serious need of remodeling and some deep cleaning. Musty smell everywhere.
5	I had the unfortunate reason to stay at the Hamptons because of it's proximity to the hospital where my family member was admitted. Most of the time I am quite uncomfortable in hotel beds and pillows being too hard, etc. I was VERY comfortable with the Hampton bed and pillows. Breakfast was more than adequate (bacon would have been a nice extra but I'm not complaining). Staff there went above and beyond the call of duty to help me when I left my cell phone charger in the room. Highly recommend this hotel, especially considering the price.
3	Rooms are reasonable, quiet, and clean for a moderate price.  The complementary breakfast is served very early which is nice for those of us who need to hit the road.
