4	This is a new dry bar located in the Squaw Peak area of central Phoenix (32 St and Lincoln Rd). I went today during their Grand Opening event and their blow-outs (normally $35) were $20. The decor was bright and modern and employees were friendly and attentive. Plenty of magazines on hand. After checking in, I brought back within a few minutes (after nibbling on some hors d'oeuvres and peach champagne). There are three styles to choose from (straight, volume, and I can't remember the third), Since I have curly hair, I always go for the straight and sleek look. My girl gave me a nice, little head massage during my shampoo, and did a great job with my hair. She was relatively quiet the whole time which I liked. While conversation is okay sometimes, it is also relaxing not to have to talk. You can book your appts online, which I like. All-in-all, it is very similar to other dry bars in the valley including the cost of the blowouts. One thing slightly different is that they put one of those hair cutting covers on you (like a robe). I liked wearing it and not having my wet hair dripping down my back. One nitpicky thing I noticed was no hooks for your purses. So minor something I look for to avoid putting it on the floor or counter (blocking your view). Besides that, I am glad to have a blow dry bar closer to my neck of the woods...
1	My hair has never looked so greasy and weighed down. I could have done a better job at home. Waste of money.
2	I have become a big fan of blow dry bars and decided to give this one a try.  I purchased a deal online and scheduled my appointment during my lunch break on a Friday.  I was greeted and offered water.  There was only one other customer in the salon.  As I was getting my hair washed, I asked if they served wine and thankfully they did and my glass was waiting at the station.  There were no magazines or movies playing as there are in other blow dry bars.  I was on a schedule and when I booked the appointment I thought it was going to take no more than 45 mins.  My hair was finished after a full hour in the chair.  I didn't love the product used as it made my hair feel somewhat heavy and greasy.  I also asked for a round brush blowout and he added curls which were totally unnecessary.  The salon was nice and clean and the staff was friendly, but I prefer the more upbeat salons with stuff to read or watch while getting a blow out.
1	I decided to give this place another try over the weekend.  My appointment was set at 5:15.  I had dinner plans up the street at 6:30.  I checked in a minute or two early and took a seat.  I was told my stylist was finishing up and would be right up.  At 5:45 I was finally taken back for my blowout.  At this point, it was so late that I told the stylist to do the quickest blow out possible since we no longer had time to do waves or anything I had wanted.  My stylist did a great job, but the lateness was unacceptable.  Not only was I late for my dinner reservation but I also did not get the style I wanted.  There was no consolation offered other than "Sorry about the wait."  Don't waste your money here.
5	Britni was great! Friendly, quick and the exact style I wanted. I'll definitely be back!
1	This place is horrible!!!  I made an appointment more than a month before a wedding I am going to be in and confirmed 3 times on two different occasions that the hair and makeup I needed would take a certain amount of time and my appointment time would work well for the wedding schedule.  They called me six days before the wedding to let me know that they told me wrong and couldn't do anything about it and that their stylist would not come in early to make up the time I needed.  They actually had the nerve to tell me I should just cancel my makeup and have them do my hair!  The girl on the phone was rude, not willing to help, and non apologetic.  They did nothing to make their mistake right and acted like they could care less about my and my friend's business so we both took it elsewhere.
5	Just came into town for a wedding, and they fit is right in!! Needed a quick blow dry and curl/style that turned out fabulous for the special occasion!! Thanks Amy and Blow Dry Bar!
2	Stylists are great. Everything ran 1 hour late. I came with a group of 4 other ladies to get our hair done before my engagement party.  Luckily we had an extra hour before the party started and live close but it was very stressful waiting for your appointment that you booked a month before  and the salon never called to say they were running an  hour late.  I will not be returning to this salon because running an hour late is unacceptable.
