5	So happy that a second location of this awesome dumpling shop has opened downtown near Guy/Concordia metro! Was totally empty when I went, and I think it's because people are not yet aware of this location. It is larger than the one in Chinatown, which is a nice plus. Menu looks the same as the Chinatown location. $8.99 for 15 beef and coriander dumplings. I have tried pretty much every "soupy" dumpling place many times (Qing Hua, Fortune Dumpling, takeout from certain small markets that make it to order) and Mai is definitely in my top two. They have the edge because of the amount of meat and quality of meat they put in each dumpling (well stuffed and no cartilage or chewy parts in the meat like many other places) AND the price! Also, the dumpling wrapper they make is divine! It still has a bite to it but is super smooth and has a hint of sweetness to it that I love. Other places have a thicker, more doughy wrapper that I don't like as much. They have a small appetizer section with prices of $2.99-$3.99. Like the old school places, this resto offers free tea (just how it should be haha) unlike the rest of the Asian places near Guy in "Chinatown 2".  Service was also very nice. Will be back many times (won't be good for the waistline!)
4	We ordered 2 plates of pan fried dumplings, one with pork and chives, and the other with cabbages and dried shrimps.  Overall, the dumplings were stuffed well, and not too greasy.  The wrappers were about right, not too thick.  One plate is plenty for one person.
4	Dumplings! I came to this place after a recommendation from a fellow foodie. I didn't realize there was a second location of Mai Xiang Yuan right in the downtown neighborhood. When I went it was empty except for my friends and I. We got right down to business and ordered 3 different types of dumplings. I got the pork, coriander and shrimp dumplings while my bf and friend got the lamb and coriander, and shrimp and egg. All were boiled, all were delicious. The filling and ingredients all tasted fresh and well cooked. We also ordered appetizers like jellyfish and cucumber salad. It tasted more on the saltier end and the jellyfish combination gave the salad  the perfect texture I'd say.Would I come back? Yes. Would I recommend this place? Yes. Totally.
4	One of several Chinese dumpling places in what I like to call the "China-town west" neighborhood (AKA Shaughnessy Village). Nice place, pretty empty at four in the  afternoon... My server was very friendly and was easy to communicate with. The menu offered many of the familiar varieties of "traditional" fried or boiled/steamed dumplings with pork, beef, lamb, shrimp, tofu, and various vegetables. I was pleased to note that they offered several vegetarian (5 varieties) and vegan (4 varieties) friendly dumplings, although, it should be noted, that as with most of the other Asian doling places I have been to, shrimp is considered a "vegetable". I also double checked for my vegan friends, and can confirm the wrapper of the non-meat dumplings contain NO EGG.I sampled two of their boiled vegetarian dumpling offerings: #46, Tofu & cabbage and #47, corn with edamame & carrot. I preferred #46 personally in both texture and flavor, but both where very good, much better than other dumplings I have had in the past that where filled with bland glass noodles (I mean *really* who wants a noodle filled with noodles???)They took a bit of time getting to the table, but I assume that it just meant they where very fresh! And they where piping hot when they arrived. The order had 15 dumplings and the bill came to under $12 with tax.I would go there again.
5	I had the lamb dumplings which were flavorful and I would highly recommend.  Very friendly service from the staff.  And I cherished the more traditional Chinese  seaweed served as the salad.  I'll be coming back just to find this salad.
5	I love this place! I've had almost everything on the menu and I was never disappointed. I usually get the lamb and coriander, and the pork and leek, fried or steamed.
5	A very pleasant surprise! We were walking down St Catherine's heading to a Lebanese restaurant when our son saw this place and decided he wanted dumplings instead. We started with three appetizers: peanut & celery, cucumber & jellyfish, and soy beef. All were outstanding. Then the dumplings started coming out and all were amazing. The price was reasonable and the food outstanding. I'll be returning here with friends.
5	We were walking around. What a nice suprise. Dumplings are really great and flavorfull!! You should taste!!
4	Big portions and good food for a very cheap price.
