2	This new Hawaiian place is a couple of doors down from Eba Cafe. I wish it were any where near as good. Unfortunately it is the worst Hawaiian food I have had in the valley (which includes Aloha Kitchen, L&L, Ono, and even Rumbi). We had the Katsu and BBQ Chicken lunch plates. The Katsu was good white meat chicken and not greasy. Too bad it had zero flavor. The Katsu sauce was like no other I have ever had- cloyingly sweet, instead of zesty and savory like I am used to. The BBQ chicken was well cooked and had flavor, but it was overwhelmingly ginger (not my favorite). The white rice was almost a little greasy, as if it had been buttered with a flavorless butter. The macaroni salad was almost as big of an abomination as the free salad we got. The salad was free because it was nearly dead (literally there were pieces of rotting lettuce in my bowl) and the macaroni salad was a bit too al dente and tasted as if it were dressed with just mayo. Yuck. Synopsis? Stay away.
5	Eba Cafe and WikiWiki sitting in a tree...K I S S I N G.First comes grilled porkNext comes boba with a boba straw....And they lived happily ever after?Here's hoping, because Eba has the best boba in all of Phoenix!And, let's face it, boba cures all. Try the Taro. It's amazing.
3	Rather uninteresting.
2	Ate at WikiWiki for the first time today. I had high hopes for the food here as the guys at work seem to like it. I ordered the #8, which is the BBQ chicken and crispy shrimp. I don't mind that it was dark meat as I think that it usually has better flavor. It was cooked well as was the shrimp. My issue was lack of flavor. If it weren't for the sauces, it would have been almost tasteless. Just not interesting. The shrimp were good, though small.  An even greater issue were the sides. The macaroni salad was bland and flavorless. The white rice seemed like an afterthought.  I ate the chicken and shrimp threw the rest away.
2	It's unfortunate that this place wasn't as good as I had hoped it would be because I would've liked to continue supporting it (seeing as how there are not many hawaiian restaurants around the tempe area).  I ordered the chicken teriyaki meal, and my friend got the Hawaiian chicken meal.  The rice is fine, and the macaroni salad is actually quite good.  The main part of the meal, though, was kind of...fatty?  I dunno.  The flavor was actually ok, but there was something about the chicken that was NOT ok.   The chicken was definitely not as lean as the chicken I'm used to eating at other restaurants, but maybe that's how chicken is prepared in Hawaii.   That aside, it took quite a while to get our food.  The place kind of looked like the next step up from a fast-food joint, so we expected our food to come out a little faster than it did.  Granted, there was only one woman working the entire place when we went, but still...where were the other workers?  I also think the food was just a tad overpriced.  For the quality, it could afford to have been a dollar cheaper, I think.I didn't try the boba tea, which the restaurant appeared to be emphasizing with its gigantic signs, so maybe I need to go back and try the tea.  There was a group of people who came just to get the boba tea, so perhaps WikiWiki is not the place to go for food, but it IS the place to go for boba tea (and, i would argue, decent macaroni salad).
1	Fans of the dramatic misfortunate adventures of RyanC read on...WikiWiki, whose name creates instant old school rap flashbacks*, catered the recent Tiki Party PBR Concert featuring Fishbone and other cool local acts.The grilled meat smelled good (although when does grilled meat not) so I stepped up to their little table setup and surveyed a grill full of what looked like flattened chicken thighs and their menu sign which offered a limited selection from their regular menu: $5 Chicken $7 Beef Short Ribsor $7 Meat Combo-all with white rice and macaroni salad.I ordered the combo.  A few moments later I opened up the styrofoam clamshell the Young Male (YM) staffer handed me.  I'd gotten all rice,and there were in fact two small icecream scooper mounds of glutenous grain, but slapped on top of it was one small piece of chicken, perhaps one very small or half a large deboned thigh, and one small strip of short rib, which had less meat than a steroid-addict musclebound lunkhead's got in his roomy banana hammock.I extended my hand holding the food back towards him and said "that's all I get?"Making no gesture towards grabbing the tray at all, he replies matter-of-factly, "that 's how much you get."After spending a few moments politely describing the larger portions I've seen everyone else sporting and asking for either more food or a discount, YM refuses.Another patron has arrived and is loose on PBR, so is standing way too close for my personal space comfort, but this means he's heard me and YM talking.  Let's call him Drunken Dirtbag (DDB).  Now, DDB is amused by all of this, but he's also hungry, so he asks YM to rustle him up a Chicken Plate with Mac and rice.  YM doesn't even hesitate, but instantly offers DDB my plate of food, saying "You want to buy this? He doesn't want it anymore so you can just pay him"I've been holding this food in my personal possession for over 5 minutes now, and although i never spit on it or anything, YM doesn't know that!  Is this even something allowed by health laws?DDB chuckles heartily but declines, saying he just wants the $5 chicken plate.  "Me too....now", I contribute.I explain to YM that I will just have to alleviate my feelings of being ripped off by causing him to lose some significant business.  I won't lie or make anything up, I'll just show anyone who steps up to order exactly how much food they can expect for their money, and then they can decide if it's worth it, instead of having to be surprised and disappointed like me.YM: "Go ahead."    Game on, this should be fun.  `,8^ )Actually, it wasn't even working out that well, since more than half of those I showed still wanted to order, but I did get some sympathizers who joined my protest.My friends were also supportive, letting me be, and checking back in on me after several minutes.  I was getting a little tired of holding onto my principals by this point, when OF, sorry that's the Older Female staffer from WikiWiki, came over with 7 single$ fanned out like a hand of cards, excitedly letting me know, "Okay, here.  You can go now.  Seven dollars. Here."  This was not her coming rushing in to save the situation, no, no.  This was a good 15 minutes after my initial order now.  This was her resigning herself to the fact that I wasn't going to go away, and the night was still young.I smiled at her, turned around and set my tray on the table, giving YM a snarkily satisfied smirk, and went back to the festivities, proud and bully-ish feeling at the same time.As far as the restaurant istelf, well, it is run by these grumpy stubborn, non-customer-service oriented folks, apparently so I'm never setting foot in the place, nor ever eating their overpriced, underwhelming food ever again.*yes, my friend Eric and I really did break dance to that song in 5th and 6th grade.Jam on it...Jam on it...Jam, Ja-J-J-J-J-Jam on it!
3	I like WikiWiki. yes I agree the selection isnt that huge but hey its a lunch stop. The chicken was white meat and very sumptuous. This is not some trash you wood get at MacDonald's. The rice and salad are a great compliment.  Say what you want this place is def A-OK.
2	a few years ago, a couple hawaiian friends of mine introduced me to the glory known as a boxed lunch. this would be some meat on some steamed cabbage, two scoops of rice and a scoop of macaroni salad. i have since eaten at probably all of the local hawaiian joints, even ones that are now closed. i always get the chicken katsu + terriyaki/bbq combo plates.this place gets a big "meh." my major complaint is that they totally skimp you on the rice. c'mon, that has to be the cheapest ingredient a restaurant can buy! they only give you one solitary scoop and you totally run out before you finish all the meat. although since their mac salad is not very good, i order a  extra scoop of rice instead of the mac (plus, the scoops are tiny little scoops too)the katsu is good, although the sauce is . . . actually, the sauce used to be all funky and sweet, but today it seemed a bit better.the bbq chicken is a bit fatty but not too greasy. the teri sauce is kinda weird.also, the cabbage is not even steamed, so its not very good to even eat a few bites of (im not a cabbage fan, but sometimes a bite or two goes with some katsu nicely)cant comment on the boba tea, since tea is my mortal enemy of beverages . . . but if i did drink tea, i would drink boba tea!
1	Having spent a good chunk of my life in Maui and Oahu, I know a thing or two about Hawaiian food and this is not it.  This place is an epic failure, a chemical warfare assault on your taste buds.  I've never had Hawaiian food taste like this or taste this bad in my life.  It was like the owner went to a Hawaiian restaurant once and then said, "You know what, I could make this," and then set out to make everything from their Alzheimer riddled memory banks.Typical "plate lunch" style foods should have a main dish, served with "two scoop rice 1 scoop mac salad" and this fit that requirement, but execution was terrible at best.  I tried the bbq ribs, which should have been moist, sweet and savory and were instead oily and bland, served with rice, which was Sahara dry and should have been a bit sticky, and the mac salad, which should have been creamy and slightly sweet and was instead inedible.  My partner had similar issues with their over fried Mahi Mahi plate and the strange and random array of sauces that accompanied her dish.I'm not sure anyone could convince me to try this place again as I can't imagine wanting to subject myself to this monstrosity.
5	Love this place!
3	2.5 starsWhere can I find good Hawaiian bbq in the Tempe area?  Anyone?  I looked up this place a few weeks back and trekked across town to try it... the end result was, it was ok.  After a entree, musabi and drink, the price was too high for what this is.  And other than the macaroni salad (which I loved) the food was average.  If it was average and cheap, I'd come back.  Or if it was pricey and delish, I'd come back.  As it is now though... I probably wouldn't make the drive again unless I absolutely cannot find any other place to get spam musabis. lolProlly won't see ya there.
3	I've always came here for their boba milk teas and Italian sodas and they are super yum. I was pretty much a regular about 2 summers ago until I read how many calories 1 milk tea had.I was drinking them with my meals and twice a day, wondering why I went up almost 2 pant sizes lol.But if you don't really care about all that then definitely go here for your bubble teas n so on. My favorites are the avocado flavor and chocolate. The lil Asian lady that works there is always so nice but really quiet.As far as food goes, I've never tried anything but the spam musubi and chicken katsu..I mean the food quality seems home-made,I like that...it's not amazing but it's  not too bad.One thing i cannot stand is how muggy it always feel inside, especially in the summer. ick! I have been coming here for 2 years now so they must be doing something right.
3	This place is okay, nothing majorly special, but better than Paradise Hawaiian near ASU campus.  If you are in Tempe, this may be the closest decent Hawaiian food place that I am aware of, but if you are up for a ten minute drive, go to Ono Hawaiian BBQ on Thomas.The Kastu here was decent, but left me wanting my old favorite Ma'i Island (RIP).
1	Read Tempe R's review. I felt I created an alter ego like Roger the Alien from Ameican Dad because he literally had the exact same experience as I did. Plus he said he's gone there twice without explanation so maybe we are in fact the same person that keeps changing personas. Today it was 109 degrees and while I was waiting for my food...I did so outside because it was actually cooler than this muggy mess. How in the hell can they not have air conditioning...in Phoenix, AZ...in the summer? The food is tough to grade because usually I rate it on a scale of good to bad. Since the food had literally no taste, I have trouble attaching a grade to it. The sauces were the only thing I could taste, but they had a hint of bathtub water which didn't really surprise me at all. Forunately for me I know the food was at least cooked fresh because I was the only one in their for the 30 minutes that my meal was being prepared. I am an aspiring restaurant owner so the sliver lining to this cloud is that one day, maybe I can be a little less terrible at operating a food joint than this place. I almost recommend that everyone try this place, if not for any other reason but the fact that you'll enjoy everything you ever eat again just a little bit more.
4	My four stars are in light of the fact that it's a fast Hawaiian BBQ place.  Hawaiian BBQ is not a gourmet delight. It should be decent, yes.  This place did decent went I went in the other day, so they get four stars.  I appreciate the affordability, timeliness, quality of the meat preparation, and flavor. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the ambiance is lacking (and it's a bit warm inside) and they used canned pineapple instead of fresh. However, what I did have was tasty (pineapple chicken lunch plate), and it was handled with efficient and polite service.  Other reviews docking this place with low stars isn't fair when you consider it's a fast Hawaiian style restaurant. It just isn't something that should be rated the same as your favorite special occasion spot.
2	Maybe two and a half stars... maybe. The food is just nothing spectacular, the restaurant looks kind of thrown together and in the summer it's hot inside. WikiWiki is so close to my house that I really want to love it, but the passion isn't there, things seem rushed. I'll keep coming here occasionally because it's so close and my only Hawaiian food fix, but I really hope it gets better.
3	Came in here for lunch one day. It was one of those fast-food Hawaiian BB!Q place. The menu also have wide selection of Boba drinks. I think I order the barbeque pork plate, which was not bad. The portion is reasonable for the price. The macaroni were kind of bland though.
1	I've never been to a place so dang bland! I actually went to this place on a whim before I had read any of the Yelp reviews and was surprised that my experience was pretty much like others had noted. When I walked in during prime Lunch Rush hours my sister and I were the only patrons. The cashier/cook was very nice but the food was pathetic. I had the Hawaiian BBQ Chicken lunch plate with Macaroni Salad and rice and literally everything had NO taste. I tried some of their special sauce on the side and good thing I put it on the side because it was nothing more than some watery soy sauce concoction. Sorry WikiWiki, I so badly wanted to like you but I just cannot waste my money like that.
4	Great tasting Loco Moco!  Very authentic and I left very full/satisfied for only $7.  Can't beat it...
4	I would say this is the best Hawaiian joint I've experienced so far in AZ. The prices are reasonable and the owners/employees are amazingly nice. Of course get the short ribs, chicken katsu and macaroni or the seafood if thats what you're feeling (it's all good). They are way better than the Hawaiian spot right next to A-Mountain when it comes to food quality, price and service so make the drive if you are in debate. A great selection of drinks too.
1	The blandest worst tasting food ever. I wish i had more teriyaki sauce to cover the blandness of the food. Has no taste.
5	YAHOOO!!!! Trying to voice my excitement over finding a boba place around university drive. I tried EVERYWHERE and there's no boba place EXCEPT this one! YAY! Score! After one hour attempt to find my craving finally I got it. The service was EXCELLENT! The owner was very friendly, she really making sure I got what I want. Great boba, great service and great chicken teriyaki with macaroni salad. YUM! I will definitely cruising down to this place again to get my Red Bean BOBA.
5	Wow, I just found Suzie! I had been craving good boba tea for years, and somehow got disconnected with Suzie when she closed E!Ba Cafe by ASU.  Just realized that this is her new place, and it only took me six years.  She makes the best boba teas, definitely worth the visit!  I'm having a Thai Tea with boba, and I am in heaven.
1	Skip it.... No taste and pretty bland. Don't skip, unless your a starving college student on a budget. They do give generous portions
1	It's rare I give anything one star as I tend to be very forgiving.  And I like food.  And I really like island food and boba.  And I gave this place about 12 chances.  But...The food is always semi-bland and the boba drinks are a complete bust every time.  Sometimes you get a cup half full with ice and the other half something resembling syrup.  Other times the consistency seems ok but there is no flavor whatsoever.  And the boba is crunchy in the middle half the time - I wonder if that's what happens to really old boba...  Anyways, go to a real boba place and avoid this one.
1	Its almost a crime to call this Hawiian food...the mac salad had zero flavor, the bbq chicken was marginal at best and the pineapple chicken sauce was gross. the only reason they get 1 star is because the white rice was good and sticky. very unsatisfying
1	I ate there last month. They do not serve your drink prior to the meal (in a can) even if you ask. Worst part was the food. The guy scrapped the flat grill clean from the previous two orders into my plate with the meat. NASTY. The place is a dump atmosphere wise as well. I have never written a negative review. WOW!  Great concept....get your act together guys. :-(
1	This place is closed. Sign says coming soon Detroit Coney Grill
