5	Don't wear new shoes!
4	Let me start by stating that I have not accepted any monetary funds or sexual favors for this review - believe me, I tried.Phoenix Hash House Harriers which is also known as PH3, is a loose knit group of individuals with either drinking problems and/or running problems which meet once, twice, three times or more a week to walk, run, drink, hike, camp, or any other activity which can include alcohol and partial/full nudity. Seems they tend to celebrate most official holidays, almanac events, and even make up their own holidays just to piss people off.  They tend to meet on Monday evenings, Wednesday evenings, 1st, 3rd, 5th, 6th, and 7th Saturdays, Monthly full moons, half moons, partial moons and a whole freaking list of days that I can't even remember. The basic players include hares, wankers, virgins, and occasional law enforcement officials. Let's not kid ourselves, the primary goal is to drink and watch soft porn during these events but officially they claim it's to follow a trail laid down by hares a few minutes before the wankers (rest of the pack) can follow the markings to a final destination of beer, wine, spirits, grubbage, and here in AZ...hopefully a pool of some sort. (Adult swim only folks...adult swim only)I'd give them 5 stars but there was less nudity than advertised. PS. Don't hang around these people for too long or you'll be given a hasher name and believe me...you don't want that.
5	I've been part of the pack for about 1.5 years now... best advise to anyone interested in joining this fun and crazy group - pretentious people should just stay away. As an educated adult (as a lot of the hashers are), I would compare our events more to a college party (you remember those don't you?), but most of us are way past our college years but still need a way to just let-go and have some fun. This is what we do during the hash.We drink, we follow trail marks, we run around the desert and in the streets, we laugh, we dance, we flash, we sing songs that would be disturbing to most, we enjoy life. To be part of the pack you can't take anything too seriously and you must have fun. I love being a hasher :) 21 and older only please.
1	Perverts and drunks I have been hashing almost every Monday for over a year now and I must say its a total waste of time.. Well it's better than sitting on your fat ass but, seriously what kind of idiot wants to run in 115deg weather and drink shitty beer. If Stupid songs and dancing like a new born horse are your thing you will probably fit in just fine. But it's not all bad there is the chance of drinking out of a sweaty shoe or end up with a nickname your mother would disown you of she heard..My advice would be to skip this group of hooligans and stay at home in our air conditioning watching Jersey shore or what ever you hip kids are into these days.
1	Update: now its colder and the songs are shittier but i keep going.
5	To be true to the hash.....this is a drinking club with a running problem, so you must be able to do both.  I have been hashing for 13 years (since 2001), and back some 12 years ago, I was voted to be the "RA"....(whatever that means, it was rigged I tell ya....).  I met my wife in the hash, and we have been hashing together off and on for over 11 years.  Some of our most true friends are hashers (and married hashers), because however weird we all are, we just get each other.  That is what to expect from "the hash" as I know it.  Jessica is right - we are adults who want to hang out and engage in some running and drinking....and not necessarily in that order!
