3	Overall positive experience.  On the expensive side.  There is 10 miles of gravel/dirt road with some washboard.  Speed limit is 25. I went 15 to 20 mph because I care about my car and got passed by 3 buses and a couple of cars.  I would not take a really nice or new car there.  There is lots of heavy equipment along the road and they are working on it. Pictures are $30 each and your camera is not allowed on the walk.  You also have to pass through a metal detector for some reason.
4	This is a little adventurous of a spot to endeavor as a tourist...I have a strong impression that it will be a GREAT spot to go in a few years when they work a few kinks out. 1. The website is a little under informative. I was road trip traveling with a dog, and while dogs are allowed on leash at other areas of the Grand Canyon, they are not allowed here. Dogs can be kenneled at the lodge in Peach Springs. When you are driving out to the Skywalk site, there is no signage to the lodge. Confusion reigned.2. The dirt road is harsh. This is an all day trip, check the rental car policy for off roading... Lots of big equipment making improvements, going down to one lane etc... But it's hard packed gravel road, not just loose dirt...3. Once there, easy to navigate the shuttles that are well run, clean, and with kind people all around.4. Lunch was included with our tour. It was pretty unclear where lunch was, and what the choices were. Bbq at some shuttle locations, hamburgers and sandwiches at others. I had hot rice and a beef stew, served with an orange and water. I was not expecting much. But I was pleasantly surprised, the food was very tasty, well seasoned, and good.5. The Skywalk itself is like one of those childhood memories, you expect it to be big, but you get there and it's kinda small. They have massive issues with how they are allowing people out on the walk. Our line started at the door, a short line from what I understand from summer months, it took 90 minutes to get out there. They've got to issue ticket times on when show up in line, the times to get out on the walk, and limit the amount of time per guest on the walk. I think that is in the works. The surrounding areas to the Skywalk are really beautiful, serene and quiet. Wait a few years and go for sure.
1	The road is paved now so that's great news. Unfortunately it's very over priced.  When you finally get there, you still have to get on another shuttle bus to get to the skywalk.  The staff was VERY unprofessional. You are not allowed to take your own camera so they can charge you a crazy amount to take pictures themselves.  While sightseeing, we were constantly being asked to move so the staff could take pictures of other tourists. They try to usher you off the Skywalk so they can get in the next group. Great views but terrible service. Not worth the time, effort or price. I would like 2/3 of my money back please.
5	I am scratching my head at the reviews saying it was not worth the trip and in their review they turned around when they arrived due to the pricing?  If you have not seen the views and visited with the Hualapai Tribal members or even stepped on the glass Skywalk how can you say it was not worth the drive or price?Definitely agree the dirt road drive is a bit much but the new road construction is almost finished!!!  I can't wait to go back as I know there are a lot of plans in the works for this site.  The roadway is scheduled to be finished as early as June 2014, definitely looking forward to the smoother ride on the next go round.***  Just a side note the speed limit is strictly enforced to due several major accidents on the roadway.  The speed limit is 45 MPH on the asphalt and 25 MPH on the dirt.  I highly encourage you to drive the speed limit and not get a citation like my wife did!
5	We totally enjoyed the experience.  We were happy to find the road was paved after reading the earlier reviews.   It was beautiful! !  We were there in September and the weather was perfect 78 degrees.
5	I almost didn't go because of some of the reviews I read. I am glad I did, it was well worth the trip. Yes, it cost a little money, but worth it. The view is amazing, you don't have to go onto the Skywalk. Guano point has the much better views. I had only a short time from Vegas and couldnt make the trip to the South Rim. I was so glad I didn't listen to the negative comments
2	A morbidly over-priced attraction.  My travel mates who came with me opted not to pay the exorbitant shuttle fee to stay and have lunch at the terminal suffered severe indigestion from low quality burritos at the "terminal".  Canyon views at two of the three shuttle stops were spectacular, especially with stunning views of the Colorado River, but the Sky Walk itself turned out to be a silly waste of money.  Food options at the shuttle stops were reasonable...why couldn't they have done better at the terminal?Were it not to the high-priced barrier to entry, I would consider this to be a good time tourist trap for bring-their-own pick-nickers, but $45 to ride the bus is ludicrous.  I recommend the National Park as a much better bang for the buck.
5	The dirt roadway is completely finished and is now nice and smooth.  Wow what an improvement and nice smooth ride!  I still encourage you to obey the speed limit as it is mostly 45 MPH with a stretch of 35 MPH thrown in.Since my last visit I noticed a Police Department has been constructed and an additional helicopter ticket building.  I even noticed some changes at the Ranch, one of the changes is a root beer float and ice cream stand (still under construction).  I also noticed a new barn had been built.This is definitely a trip worth while!!!!
3	Please be advised: Buy your tickets online, arrive early, and head straight for the shuttle bus. My partner and I just arrived back from a lovely Las Vegas holiday. We made the trip to Grand Canyon West on Friday and arrived around noon. The line inside the main terminal was long and unorganized. Thankfully we purchased and printed our tickets online (skywalk and lunch) and were able to get on the shuttle with no problem.The first stop was an old west-inspired town and we decided to eat lunch here. It is the only stop with indoor seating, especially important when the outside temperature is 32 degrees. The food was surprisingly good, choice of protein with two sides and a drink. Stay away from the pasta salad, not good. Second stop was Skywalk. It was very scary up there but beautiful. I did not however, appreciate that everyone was herded onto the walk with no room to maneuver. And why was it necessary for the photographer to take so many pictures of one group at a time?? There were a lot of us just crammed on the walk while we waited patiently for them to finish. We did not want any photos but it was difficult for us to pass. Skywalk should take a page from Great America, one photo and your done. Keep that damn line moving! Third stop was Guano point which was my favorite of all three. It was very relaxing and we were able to take our time and enjoy the scenery. The history of the location was very interesting and I was amazed at the cable structure that was still standing from the 1930s. Long story short, it is definitely worth checking off your bucket list. Again, buy your tickets online. It will save you time and a headache. The place is not well-organized so do not have high expectations. A one-time visit was good enough for me and now I am looking forward to making another trip to the Grand Canyon. But this time to the Grand Canyon National Park.
