3	Located inside the food court of the Palms Hotel & Casino. Chronic Tacos opened their 2nd location in Las Vegas this past Monday. Never having tried Chronic, I decided to give it a go since it's nearby.The spot looked nice enough. Prices reasonable. I got the burrito with Al Pastor, and made it a meal. The meal included chips, salsa, rice, beans & a drink. Came out to $10 which isn't too bad. They had no trays available since I was dining in, so I had to carry 4 separate things to a table.The burrito(pun intended) was a fatty! It was almost as wide as it was long. It's what I would imagine I'd look like if I was a burrito. The meal sides of spanish rice & pinto beans were decent tasting. The burrito alone probably would have sufficed. I only finished about half of the meal and had to take the rest home. I asked the lady at the Chronic register if I could get a plastic bag to carry my stuff home and she said they had none. Odd.Except for no trays or plastic takeout bags it was good. I will have to go back and give a few of the other options a try. They had a good selection of meats/seafood to choose from. Steak, chicken, fish, shrimp and even veggie, to name a few.
1	I was left disappointed even though my expectations were low from the beginning upon looking at the display counter.  My experience reminded me of a less healthy, less flavorful, less quality wannabe Chipotle. They should change the name to "Chronic cold burritos" because that is what they sold me. The canned beans, meat and rice were cold and I questioned the health standards by the looks of meat sitting in a tin uncovered and exposed. This joint was a hot mess as their store bought packages of tortillas lay all around and meat, cheese, salsa were all over the place, you would think that one of the 10 motionless employees standing back there would think to wipe up the residue and food scraps laying all over the damn place. I am beyond disappointed and want my money back for the two burritos we bought as I feel ripped off. The service sucks ass and is not the friendly excited crew that you would think Steve-O would have operate his joint. This staff had the personality of a Nun being presented with a dildo, it lacked enthusiasm or any sort of care in the world. Just because you have tattoos does not make you automatically cool, I have a few as well big deal so what I like to draw on myself.Store bought tortillas heated up and stuffed with canned beans, cold meat and hard tasteless rice does not settle right on my stomach. This was our first and last visit to this joint. We will continue giving Chipotle our business, where the food is hot, fresh, tasty and clean that comes with great service. I have a feeling this joint will NOT be around for long.
5	Awesome, no frills Mexican food. Being a vegetarian, I cannot comment on the meat items, however, their black bean and pinto bean options are perfect! Great flour tortillas, fatty sized. Love that they do potato tacos! SoCal style, like my favorite Snapper Jacks would make. Living here locally, I actually go out of my to the Palms to grab either a burrito or a few tacos. I have no clue why the other reviewer compared it to Chipotle, who I think is way overrated. Oh, and since I can't stand that cilantro white rice, I'm glad they also serve good ol Spanish style rice! Oh and for meat eaters, I'm told their tortas are xcellent.So, locals and visitors, if you want no frills,SoCal style Mexican food, stop by Chronic Tacos in the Palms casino. Or, if your in SoCal, they have quote a few locations.
3	Just tried this place today...the carne asada taco was super tasty. I was able to add beans and rice to it with no extra charge (only guac is extra). The meat was seasoned well, and not really fatty (I hate fatty meat). My fried shrimp taco was not as good - the shrimp batter was not cooked completely, so it was soggy. I like things cooked well done, so next time I will try the grilled shrimp.  The fried shrimp  burrito we got was very hearty and good!  I like how you can add cabbage to your items.  The tacos were about $4 each, and the burrito was over $7.  I didn't like the service that much. The lady adding ingredients on my items asked me what I wanted on them, the started having a conversation with the cashier. Most of the employees seemed like they didn't want to he there, and needed a 101 customer service class.
1	Located inside the Palms Hotel, this restaurant looks cool on the outside.  But, inside, the burrito's are as cold as the service you will receive. I highly recommend not eating at Chronic.
2	I had been waiting for this place to open since I frequently visit the palms, however, I was not at all impressed. The food was bland and greasy, the service was slow, and they don't take palms gift cards. I probably won't return, there are plenty of other places to eat in the casino.
5	Chronic Tacos in Palms Hotel & Casino is the bomb!!! If you crave Carne Asada like I do make sure you stop by! Stamp by "MrVegasVip"
1	Chronic Tacos has the same sort of layout as Willy's, but it is in no way as good as Willy's! The service is horrible, the prices aren't great and the food is not good. My boyfriend got a chicken burrito and I got a veggie burrito.. We weren't expecting too much because we had read the yelp reviews before going in there.. But they didn't taste nice at all and my veggie burrito had a piece of meat in it. Thats all... Id recommend walking 5 minutes down the road to El Taco Feliz!
3	Easy place to have a quick meal. I think this is the best choice in the Palms Food Court. I ordered two tacos, and like most places you are able to watch them make it. Corn tortillas (my preference), cheese, salsa, etc. Good selections. Tacos tasted good. I would definitely return next time I'm hungry and need a quick meal at Palms. But I can't see myself going to the Palms just to eat here. There are just way too many other better Mexican places.
3	I do not like Chronic Tacos but after the club at the Palms we decided to grab a bite to eat.  this place seemed like a good idea being drunk and all.  my boyfriend got a fat carne asada burrito. Not sure if it was because we were drunk, but this burrito was pretty bomb.  it was so delicious omg I wanted one to myself.  I would come here to eat this again.  food was good. service on the other hand not so much. the girls just didnt seem like they wanted to be there. other than that it was good.
3	I went to Chronic Taco again last night, and needed to write an update.The food standards seem to have dropped.  My potato taco was still good, but the fish taco was kind of soggy, and the chicken burrito had more sides/filling than chicken.Its still decent, and I'll still eat here on occasion, but I know a few other taco joints I'd rather go to these days.
3	Their prices are pretty reasonable for the amount of food you get. I went there with my father and we shared the Chronic Fries and we got a lot. So much that even though we shared it we were both full and almost didn't finish all of it. So I'll probably be visiting again next time I go to the Palms Casino :)
5	I don't understand all these negative reviews.  This place is bomb! I got tacos and chips here on my way out of the Palms, and even after my 20 minute drive home, the food was delish!  The carne asada in the tacos was tender and full of flavor and the .  I wish I lived closed to the hotel so I could eat here more often!
1	Will never go back to chronic taco, they gave me a serious case of food poisoning. Threw up all night the worst case I've ever had. Dunno what they did but maybe they have contaminated meat. Had the shredded pork taco and threw every bit of it up. Was just fine before i ate there. Wanna warn others if you choose to eat there to be careful.
1	The staff looked bored as they texted on their cell phones in between takin our order and putting the obviously-store bought tortillas on the warmer which clearly did not warm them up enough. The al pastor/carne asada were ok, the guacamole was good but overpowering. The food was ridiculously overpriced and underwhelming. The only thing going for this place is the location, though I wouldn't even spend comps to eat here again. You are MUCH better off at earl of sandwich right next to it.
5	Chronic tacos is my favorite place to have lunch at work. It helps that it's Mexican food which is my all time favorite food. My favorite thing to get it the handheld burrito. It's not as big as there normal burrito but it's perfect for lunch. When you order after 2pm you het free chip and salsa which are amazing as well. I really like their steak, seasoned pretty well. Not a huge fan of the chicken, but I like to change it up once in a while. Another thing I like is they have the limes on the line for tacos and burritos. Also the staff is really nice. They put on extra cheese or salsa for me if I ask. Plus they always chat me up when they can. Cool place to go.
3	This is a solid option for a quick lunch or late night snack.  I ordered two potato tacos and an order of Chronic Fries.  You get to choose your toppings for whatever you order which is nice.  There are a decent number of options.The tacos were good.  The flavor was good and the portion size was ok.  The fries are a huge portion.  They are best shared by several people or multiple meals for one person.  The fries are good, and they do not skimp with the toppings.The staff was decent and I got my food fairly quickly.
1	Came here last Saturday after the Color Run. There was no line and now I know why. The food was awful, the portions were small, and the employees were talking about the customers in Spanish (I know because I'm fluent)! I'd give this place negative stars if I could. Needless to say, I will NOT be back.
1	I was completely unimpressed with this place.  The tacos were just so-so and the employees were even worse.   We weren't helped right away even though we were the only people in line and when I did order my quesadilla with fajita veggies on it the girl working there actually rolled her eyes like it was the most inconvenient thing in the world.  I will not ever go back here... the hot dogs in the theater are more appetizing than this place.
4	Finally went back to Chronic Taco, since my last experience was not so hot, I'd stayed away for a bit.I'm so glad I went yesterday.  The service has improved a LOT...very friendly employees, cracking jokes with me, and smiling.  The quality of the food was back up to par...I'm really happy.  I plan to go back again soon.
3	I enjoyed their options. I'm used to the "white or brown rice" and "black or pinto beans." They offered white or Spanish, the Spanish rice was delicious. They offered black or refried, and oh girl, that refried was so good. I got the Al Pastor, and it was okay. I enjoyed my lunch but wouldn't have picked it again.
3	This Chronic Taco location has been open at the Palms for a little while now, and I've always been curious as to how it has been since I've seen it. Well, my curiosity was recently killed.At first glance, what I take this place to be is a place similar to Chipotle and Qdoba by telling the first person what you want, and then going in a line to pick which specific fillings you want in your dish. It seems a little different, and so I thought I should give it a try, why not right? Here, they offer two different kinds of rice, 2 different kinds of beans I believe, and the rest is honestly similar to Chipotle and Qdoba by picking cheese, lettuce, etc. The people helping me out seemed a little impatient and not necessarily happy to be there, and so that was just a little bit annoying to deal with. Compared to Chipotle, I like Chipotle a lot better, and generally, the service is a little bit better too. I more than likely wouldn't come back here, due to similar prices compared to Chipotle and the food is not more authentic than any other place that offers Mexican food. If you're hungry at the Palms, I personally rather just go to Earl of Sandwich, but that's just me.
5	As a Mexican, I am legitimately entitled to judge tacos most accurately. Chronic taco was delicious and had a perfectly sized menu and great staff. Derrick and Otis were doing frontline and made my experience AMAZING. I would come back just because of them.
2	Ok this is going to be my last update for Chronic Taco.I really want to love this place.I went back again yesterday before a movie, and decided to try the chicken tacos. Not only were they greasy, fatty, and tasteless, but I also found a chicken bone in my taco.  If you go here, get the shrimp burrito (the deal with the free chips and salsa) or the potato taco, but I don't know how much else I'd eat here...Very sad.
1	The chorizo breakfast burrito was probably the worst thing I've ever tasted in my life. Never again.
4	I got some late night snacks here . I was impressed by the flavor of the carne Asada , the  other thing I liked is you can add toppings like guacamole for free . They had some solid options and I will be back next trip, if the customer service was better I might have given them 5 stars .
1	I've never wasted or thrown away food, but I couldn't event take a bite. Food smelled funny and was really not tasty or edible.
5	So pleased with the service and amazing food at Chronic Tacos! Thank you guys for making my night!
2	Had the pastor burrito and it really wasn't that great. Probably wouldn't come back. The meat was ok and the size was ok. Not the best I've had.
5	The carnitas burrito I had was on par with some of the best I have had in various states including Cali and New York. Can't speak to the rest of the menu, but the carnitas with the Baja sauce and spicy salsa was on point.
2	I've heard about this place for a few years now, but I'm really disappointed.  I ordered chicken flautas.....I got greasy beef flautas! WAY too greasy! Plus, I ate my food as I sat at a slot machine, because every table in the small food court area was full. Seems like Palms is long overdue for a redesign of that portion of the casino.
5	The Best Part of my vacation at Vegas was discovering Chronic Tacos at the Palms......The Tacos were Delicious
1	Watch for what they charge you for.  Ordered the kids meal and still got charged for full combo. Chicken taquitos.  Sick all night. At least I got thru the concert before it hit me. Maybe it was the green hot sauce???
3	Conveniently located in the Palms food court as the sole Mexican food option, right next door to the movie theater. Here's a secret: stop by for tacos and smuggle them in to your $5 movie on Mondays. If you get caught though, I don't know you...Fish tacos are just over $3 and are available grilled or fried Baja style. Either way is good, but the potato taco is kind of the cult favorite here. Here's what makes the tacos worth the price though: you can add on all the extra toppings you want, for free.That means lettuce and cabbage and four kinds of salsa, tomatoes and peppers and cheese, oh my! And, yes, ladies and gentlemen: guac. Without a $2 surcharge. Service is pretty standard, and nothing here will really blow you away, but the tacos are made fresh and there's guac, so...
5	yea service 5 stars and food 4 and a half. i always past this place and thought ey. so we tried. the service was incredible. young people really nice. the food fantastic for what it is. so is this gourmet food. no! its really good street food. my partner had beer batter tacos. omg hes ordering more now. i had a burrito with carne asada. the carne asada had flavor. so not boiled meet like rabertos. well be back! attention owner of this business. i watched 6 customers walk away from slow service. money not in your pocket. my partner been waiting 20 minutes! there was no line when we first walked up. food is great better do something about this.
2	One word: Gross.What's your reaction when you order sour cream for a taco and see it piped from a bag? I almost refused to receive it. Chips were stale, too. Just about anything on it was gross - I regretted my decision to get out of our routine of ordering at Earl of Sandwich.
1	Absolutely disgusting food.  I ordered a carnitas burrito and I found weird mystery balls of fat (filler?). Not sure what is going on in that kitchen but I'd stay away!
