4	I love to caress them and run the back of my fingers around them with the lightest touch.  I especially like to put them up to my face and check em' out up close.  What can I say...I'm a sucker for big, natural, supple.....tomatos.The new Tivoli Village shopping area is beautiful.  Fresh 52 had it's virgin market debut here last Sunday, and it was pleasantly promising.  The space is perfect for a market, allowing people to graze without being cramped into a small square of parking lot like so many others do.  While there weren't too many vendors here for the first time, I anticipate many more in the nexst coming weeks.  I bought some incredible fresh garlic, tomatos, purple asparagus, strawberries, cherries, onions, raw honey, and sweet corn.  Everything was super fresh and tasty.  The asparagus was the most delicious I've ever had in my life, and so visually appealing as well.  If you've never had fresh garlic, you need to experience the difference between it and the store bought stuff.  All of your cooking gets better with better ingredients, and Fresh 52 is the place to find them.  I didn't see as many finished goods and snacks here as some other markets, but again, for a first run it was a nice turnout.   I'll definitley be coming back for more locally sourced, sexy food.
3	Was in the area so had to check it out. Only caught the last half hour. It was too hot to be there earlier. Not a lot was going also. Then again it was almost closing time.  There were some good selection of fruits, not a lot of vegetables, some sweet corn, nice art and crafts, etc. It being crazy hot outside someone would make a killing of frozen fruits just saying. Or some fresh coconut, only in Hawaii I guess. I'll come earlier next time, on a cooler day.
5	This market gets better and better each week.  More vendors were there yesterday than I remember the past few times.  Tivoli Village is a fun place to hang out, especially at 8AM on a Saturday.  Weather is perfect and since the buildings create a nice shady area that early, it makes the temps nice and cool.  Great variety of fruits and vegetables.  Most farmers I had been to in the past in the area were one table of sad looking vegetables, Winder Farms and some lame crafts.  At least this is a nice combination of quality goods.
4	I stopped in for the first time today to get some Bon Bread that I didn't get Wednesday at the nearby Farmer's Market.  Bon was in the Land Rover store along with several other vendors including a dried fruit company, Gilcrease Orchards with produce, two other local growers, and others.  There are also some Land Rovers to look at that have been backed to the far end of the store.  They also had a $20,000 BMW motorcycle is was going to dicker about, but I decided I didn't need it.  :-)The stands along the street had some nice things but nothing in which I was interested.  Leone Cafe was really hopping with business and it was a pleasant morning to be walking about.I'll be back - earlier in the day.  This will really be grand when temperatures come down a bit.
3	Woke up early to attend this and sadly I was done in less than 20 minutes. I'm only rating 3 stars because what I crisply went home with is delicious. I purchased strawberries (delish!) and 2 avocados and red potatoes. Yummy! Spent about $11 for everything. The rest of the vendors didn't have much and I was actually surprised with the lack of samples. I'll probably attend again but only if I happen to be out already.
4	Great place to go on a beautiful Saturday morning.  They have some great vendors with fresh organic vegetables and fruit, as well as some authentic yummy Mexican food.  Bring your family as they have lots of entertainment and kid friendly activities.  The face painter is amazing and works on tips only.  Stop into Cafe Leone for some good coffee and danishes then stroll around to all the vendors.  Also a good place to bring your dog.
4	After a decade of indulgence from the Bay Area's farmers markets, I was really bummed about the Farmers Market scene here in Vegas. I've tried them all, and after a while you get tired of the odd mix of kettle korn and mutant melons that seem to predominate. I resisted Tivoli Village at first, thinking it had far too much travertine to be serious about tomatoes . Actually, its a good market, one that seems to be growing with new vendors each time I go back. I love artisanal cheese, and there is an amazing goat and aged-cheddar that is a weekly staple for me, it ain't cheap but it's handcrafted and really good. I also found beautiful organic tomato's, fennel and kale last time. Another must-try are the cajun boiled peanuts, a southern street food that renders seasoned peanuts the texture of a baked potato_slightly addictive.
3	I went to Fresh 52 in hopes of finding some quality organic produce.  I'm all about supporting farmers directly (as opposed to buying from a grocery store) and I know the quality will be better since everything is usually picked right before the market.  Although there was some nice produce to be had, I sadly walked away with none of it.  Why?  Because I know I can find the same items down the street at Whole Foods for less money.Call me a jaded Pittsburgh girl, but where I'm from farmer's markets have lots of *farmers* selling produce for pennies compared to grocery stores.  Not only was the produce at Fresh 52 more than your typical Smiths, but it also cost more than Whole Foods.  That's kinda crazy to me.  I know it might not be a gigantic mark-up, but because I'm a vegetarian I go through a ton of produce and I need to be careful not to spend my entire paycheck on it.So what is Fresh 52, exactly?  I really wouldn't call it a farmer's market.  Yes, there are a few produce stands but 97% of the booths here are selling specialty prepared foods.  I would think the term "Artisanal Market" would be more appropriate but I guess it's not as catchy.There are two aisles of vendors and a couple more inside the Land Rover store front.  You can expect to find: caramel corn, fancy wine stoppers, hummus, salsas, herbs, bread, and cheese.  One of my favorites is a vegan vendor called Veg Out.  Expect to drop at least 6 bucks per item you order from any of these vendors.There aren't a lot of booths here and you can be in and out pretty quickly, but it's a good size considering we live in the desert.  Hopefully this market will continue to grow and pick up some more produce.
5	This place made me happy.  I was driving home with my daughter after soccer practice and we saw a farmers market.  I had $12 dollars in my pocket - so I was like "let's go!"It was really small, maybe 15-20 stands.  By memory there were stands for; strawberries, oranges, boiled peanuts, jewelry stand, hand made pens, vegetables, salsa, jelly and jams, baked goods.  That's all I can remember.We bought some purple carrots, boiled peanuts and strawberries.  The purple carrots were different.  I have always wanted to eat boiled peanuts and I did and I like them.  The pint of strawberries were goooood!People were so nice.  I was talking to a lady who was holding her little dog.  She was suprised I knew it was a papillon.  All of the vendors were super friendly.  Families were there looking around.  It was just down right pleasant.It was a bit contrived and it was small.  This is Las Vegas, but I can appreciate the fact that there are some people who are out trying to make something nice for people.
4	There are actually things grown in the Las Vegas area available at this market, but you have to know where to look!  The California stuff is nice (citrus, strawberries and Central Valley supplements), but thanks to Gilcrease, Herbs by Diane from Boulder City and another vendor or two there is the option to buy from actual local sources.  This certainly beats any of the other Fresh 52 markets in terms of vendors and variety.The parking was tight and I had to stalk someone for a spot.  Also, the indoor vendors are a little oddly place...why?  Not a bad idea, just unusual and strangely formatted.  Certainly a nice option for adverse weather, but that indoor venue also got crowded and congested as any setting with lots of lingering folks.I was pleased to come away with things I could never find in a commercial grocery superstore including corn shoots, a massive and beautifully misshapen romanesco cauliflower, tender and huge stalks of purple asparagus and a variety of luscious citrus without stickers attached.
4	When you think of "Sin CIty"- I bet "Farmers Market" isn't the first thing that comes to mind...Although the selection is not as vast as the farmers markets that I had access to when I lived in Santa Monica, California- Fresh 52 does a pretty good job considering we are in the middle of a desert.  I love coming on Saturday mornings with my family.  We grab breakfast at Leone Cafe, let the kids exert some energy on the playground, then visit our favorite vendors  to purchase delicious fruits and veggies for the week.  I bought some delicious asparagus, cauliflower, and garlic from the Gilcrease Orchard. "Herbs by Diane" was there with a vast selection and I purchased a bag of sage and apple mint.  I also bought a jar of honey and a handful of honey sticks of different flavors. (I can't wait to brew a cup of apple mint tea and sweeten it with honey).  In addition to the produce vendors, there are also craft vendors.  None of them are really my cup of tea, but it is always fun to walk around and peruse. There is also a flower vendor and he had a nice selection of cut flowers.  I was surprised to also see a vendor selling Vietnamese food.  The line was really long, so I'll have to check it out another time.  There are crafts and face painting for the kids.  And live music to groove to while you stroll Tivoli Village on a beautiful Saturday.  Considering that we live in the desert-  It is so nice to know that I can get fresh produce "52" weeks of the year and support our local farmers at the same time!
2	I LOVE farmer's markets. I'm from Ohio where you can grow plenty of food during the growing season, so I'm lucky to have experienced some wonderful markets there, and also in California. I was disappointed in this one.  I  was surprised at the dearth of produce.  I just expected many more produce booths and much more variety.  They are right to call this both a Farmer's and Artisan Market, as you definitely get both. I've gotten bath oils, original handmade crafts, and a tarot card reading here.  Unfortunately, I usually don't buy food here- it's just too expensive.  I must agree with Nicole W. who noted that the produce here is higher than at Whole Foods! I hate to walk away from a farmer's market with no food, but I just can't bring myself to pay that much money.I'm glad the market exists, even if I'll rarely buy anything, as it does make other people happy.
2	I must agree with Nicole's review.  While it is a nice place to visit on a Saturday, i don't see myself being a regular shopper.  We purchased two pickling cucumbers, 3 nice sized, round zucchinis, 1 big bunch of purple basil, and one carton of cherry tomatoes.  I was SHOCKED when the lady said $16 please. There went almost all my money, and I had such a bad feeling that I was being ripped off that I couldn't spend any more.  Now, I must say, the tomatoes and basil have been amazing, but I simply cannot spend that much money.
3	Fun morning stop, locals chatting dogs walking etc etc. this was more an activity than a shopping trip. Would have enjoyed it more if it wasn't 110 outI got some dog treats and salsa. Both I was happy with. Some tents took credit cards and some didn't.
3	Very nice farmers market in a nice location. Not a ton of variety, but the basics were covered. Had breakfast and leone cafe and shopped. There was even some nice live music.
5	I have only been to Fresh 52 at the Trivioli center, but I love it. They have a good variety of businesses that come and everyone at the booths are so kind.  I came to Vegas from Northern California where I was spoiled with amazing local organic fruits and veggies.  Fresh 52 does a good job of bringing some farms out.  There is only a few booths with fresh fruit and veggies but they are great.  I asked one of the booths where they came from and she said that they all come from the Fresno area.  They all hop in one truck and drive down together to save money on gas. They are all competing with each other but they work together, pretty awesome.  There is a local business woman who makes her own soaps and oils.  I was skeptical at first, but decided to go for it, so I bought a soap, a cleanser and an oil and my skin looks 95% better then it did before I used the products.  I always had bad acne as a teen and  as an adult it hasn't cleared up all the way.  I used organic products that cost an arm and a leg, but using her products, I have seen such a change.  I am not sure what the company is called, but its always the first booth at Trivioli.  They also have a lot of great things for kids!  Face painting and usually there is a band or a singer there and the hulu hoop people!  Lots of fun and lots of good eating!
4	Pretty decently sized. Wish they had more produce. Good crafts and games for the kids.  Live music, haleamano today_ good reggae music. Even saw a couple dancing. Balloon making, face painting. . . . Fries in a cup?
4	We usually go to Fresh52 at Tivoli on Saturdays, although I believe they also do one in Henderson on Sundays and Town Square on Fridays. As far as Farmers Markets go in Vegas, this is a good one. Decent mix of fresh fruits and veggies (although unlike many other states, you pay more for fresh fruits and veggies here than at a grocery store), specialty food items, and handmade items. My ABSOLUTE favorite is 86'd eats. The hummus is the best thing I have ever tasted! Hubby and the kids like JoJo's jerky, and last but not least is TrueFoods, awesome Salsa, and their guacamolito is to die for! All in all, it is a pretty fun family day, not cheap :-) but tasty!
5	I had been to this farmers market when it first started and wasn't impressed. So thought I would try it out again. Was glad I did. They have a lot more than they did in the beginning. Was able to get some Micro-greens and great berries.  My favorite though was the was the totally organic dog biscuits. My pups love them!
5	I love this farmer's market! I hope more vendors will start coming to them and showing more diversity. But, no other complaints here. Most of the vendors are super nice, too.
4	They reorganized the market since I last went. It's much easier to navigate it and view everything. They have lots fresh fruit and vegetables. Different stands but similar choices. They have fresh bread in small loaves with many options. They have macaroons... Our first taste of French macaroons and we both thought too sweet we couldn't eat a whole one. They have kettle corn, kids hair clips, a balloon artist for kids, jerky and honey. Everyone is very friendly and helpful. It is in a loop surrounding the new kids play area. The only problem is we didn't come prepared.. It's really hot and we didn't bring sunscreen or water. They do have a smoothie/juice station though. Oso Ono was there which was tempting.No granola or dried fruit like there used to be though which is big bummer. My friend was telling me about 5 star salad which is one persons premise salad of everything in her garden... We might have to go back lol...
4	One of the things I knew I would miss about dumb California, is the farmer's markets. We have a ton, but this one is close to my mom's and she likes Tivoli. It's always fun, we always enjoy it. In fact, I cannot stand sausage, simply because most of it's made wrong and I'm the lucky winner of a nice grizzle ball, EVERY TIME. There's a booth that makes their own, and it's damn near close to my own bro's (we Italians take major pride in our sausage making). How can you screw up a farmer's market? Well, rumor has it that the 'Pepsi' made 'Naked Juice' trucks are on the prowl. They plan on lurking around the markets to trick the people that haven't a clue into buying their poison. Like the folks playing soccer and what not. You've been warned, people.
4	Love this Farmers Market!! Although I think they are a bit over priced but that's what you get for living in the middle of a desert!
4	This is my favorite Farmer's Market in Las Vegas.  Located in Tivoli Village, vendors sell produce, ready to eat, beauty and services.  Plus, its open on the weekend when I think most people actually have time to shop :)
4	The market in Tivoli Village is our go to place on Saturday mornings. The market has great fresh produce which varies with the growing seasons in Nevada and California. However, you generally can get delicious strawberries from California year round. Watch for the Heirloom Tomatoes season and enjoy.  Plan to have breakfast or brunch. There are several walk up tents serving breakfast and a few brick and mortar places for a sit-down breakfast or brunch.
4	A few booths not to be missed at fresh52 Tivoli Village - Veg Out, SalsaRox, Mezze Foods and 86'd Eats.The garbanzo bean soup and peanut butter and chocolate pudding from Veg Out is delicious, but the best thing I had there today was Veg Out's fresh mint tea. It tastes just like a fresh mint leaf! They have an unsweetened version, which I bought, and they have a sweet version, which I tasted, that is sweetened with organic cane juice. I like unsweetened teas as a rule, so I thought the sweet tea was pretty sweet. However, if you're a sweet tea fan, try it, you won't be sorry. Either tea is so refreshing! I might ask them the next time I go, if they'll sell me a gallon jug of the tea, it's that good. The pudding was $5 per container and the tea was $4 for about a 12-16oz cup. They give you a price break on the tea if you bring your own container/cup.I got all three heat levels of the SalsaRox salsa and I can't decide which one I like best. All three are tasty, but I'd probably gravitate to the hot salsa the most because I like spicy foods. 3 containers for $12.I bought the sun riped tomato hummus from Mezze Foods and it is delish! They have all kinds of hummus varieties and at $5 per container, an okay value.I purchased a basil spinach hummus from 86'd Eats. Unfortunately, there was no label on the container, so I don't know exactly what's in it, but it's amazing! They also had jalapeno lime hummus which was pretty good. Good selection of different hummuses. $6 per container.There are quite a few actual farmers at the market and while their produce looked incredibly fresh and tasty, I thought the prices were a bit high.Overall, a very nice experience at the fresh52 Tivoli Village market. Highly recommend visiting.
3	More participants and bigger selection than most other farmers markets in the city:  there were more visitors and participants at this particular market than at the Downtown 3rd and the Wednesday Westside park market combined.A few food trucks were present, along with live music for entertainment and an art station set up for the kiddos at the playground area. There are two streets of booths set up, with everything from jerky and ready-made Mediterranean to the usual handful of fresh produce farms with their seasonal and organic goodies on display. A few artisans were present, as well as two different booths with fresh fruit smoothies and juices.In addition to the street space, there's also a storefront reserved for a few businesses to set up indoors for the FM- smaller gourmet goodies like spice blends and honey, info booths on going vegan and the benefits of organic, etc. Don't forget to stop in that area. Not sure if spaces are assigned or on a first-come-first-serve basis.Location is good with plenty of parking and lots of space for booths. Hours are extended from what is listed on the Yelp listing, they're here til 2PM instead of one. Visit their website for current hours, location, and cancellation listings.
3	This was my first time at the farmer's market. I guess it's imcomparable to other places like SF or NY, but it was still cute. It's still small and all the booth owners were real nice. Not all the venders have credit card machines so make sure you take cash. They have a little playground for children. There are lots of restaurants around for brunch! They are open every Saturday from 9-2pm.
5	I always love going to Fresh52 farmers markets.  They have so many wonderful vendors.  The quality of products are really great.  I always find something new, that I haven't tried before.  The fruits and vegetables sold there are always fresh and delicious. I have been to farmers markets all over the country and the Fresh52 markets are my favorites. They have a huge variety of vendors and products.  There is no doubt that these markets are the best in Las Vegas by far, no others even come close to the quality and the quantity of products offered.  Plus,  from my experience,  the vendors and Fresh52 staff are so friendly,  helpful,  and knowledgeable. My family and I fully enjoyed ourselves at The Harvest Festival that they put together this year.  They had so many vendors and live entertainment,  it was so much fun for the whole family!
5	What a fun day.  I love supporting local fresh products, and this place delivered.  Well be back for sure.
