1	So here's the deal.  I bought my phone at Best Buy Mobile in Tampa and have their Black Tie Protection whatever...  So when something happens to my phone I have to go through them.  I refuse to go the regular Best Buy stores because they (for some unknown reason) have the worst service known to man.  I could stand in one for an hour before anyone acknowledges me.That said.  This was not as bad as a regular Best Buy.  But this is by far the worst Best Buy Mobile I have ever been to.  Where do I start?  I went over the weekend to send my phone out for repair, but they didn't have a phone they could loan me.  According to them there wasn't even a Sprint loaner phone within a 20 mile radius of my house (I'd already driven half that to get to their store).  How you can NOT have a phone to loan me in a store that sells phones is beyond me.  I pay a monthly fee for that service and they just told me "nope, can't have it."  They informed me I was welcome to send off my phone for repair anyway, because everyone can go without a phone for 3 or 4 days (if nothing goes wrong with their shipping/repair/whatever else they do), right?  So I left and said I'd come back later.So now it's Tuesday.  I called ahead this time to see if they had a loaner phone.  They didn't on when I called Monday, but now they did.  I get there and I'm patient.  Probably too patient but whatever.  I just wanted my damn phone fixed.  The girl helping me (if you could call it that) seemed way more focused on taking her lunch break as soon as she was done with me.  FINALLY she got it together, but the loaner phone was dead.  I asked if it had already been activated and was good to go (so I could just take it home and charge it myself instead of waiting) and she said yes.  So of course when I get home and charge it, it's not connected to my cell network.  So I had to get back in my car and drive 20 minutes back to this store to get her to fix it.  They didn't even care that it happened.  I didn't even get a FAKE apology, let alone a real one.  She took my phone and chatted with her coworker the whole time she was "fixing" the piece of garbage of a loaner they gave me.  Ten minutes later she claimed I just needed to update something on the phone (like I would have known that).  Honestly, I don't even think she connected it to my network the first time; I think she just made up some fake excuse so she didn't look dumb.LONG STORY SHORT:  Every worker I've encountered at this store over 3 trips there has had the IQ of a peanut.  They couldn't care less about anyone walking in their doors.  If you can go to a different store, I would.  Hands down.
4	Most service experiences at Best Buys over the years have been painful.  My most recent trip happened to be their Pineville, NC store.  To my surprise, I received great service.  So good, I thought they deserved to have a positive review for once.I went in looking for a very specific audio/video device (an IR emitter).  I asked the first associate I saw inside - she didn't have a clue what I was talking about BUT, she did what many other Best Buy associates in previous experiences have not - she asked a colleague.  I know - groundbreaking, huh?  The colleague she referred me to instructed me they didn't carry that particular product in house BUT I had two options:  order online from the Best Buy website or he could call other area stores for me to confirm they had it in stock.Loved it - resourceful, courteous, and driven to find a true solution.  He gave me options versus just saying "sorry" and walking away.  He called the store on Rea Rd, confirmed they had it in stock, and had them hold it for me at their service desk.  Perfect.The only part of the experience I didn't like - the sales associate encouraged me to purchase the device there at the Pineville store.  He did so for one of two reasons (maybe both):  he thought I was a  flight risk or he wanted his store/dept to get credit for the sale.  I didn't really care, so I paid at the Pineville store and picked up at the Rea Rd store since he was the first solutions oriented employee at Best Buy I've encountered in a long time.
4	I love this Best Buy. Normally I hate dealing with BB but my experiences here have changed my mind! I was looking to buy my mom a Kindle and all the other BB stores were out. Not only did this one have the kindle I wanted but they gave me 1/2 off a case for my troubles! Staff was fantastic.
4	I'm in the Best Buy parking lot...looking for security cameras and a pay phone...I dread the after-Christmas returns. You know what I'm talking about: standing in long lines, people in bad moods, hassle, and you don't leave with exactly what you want. Well, I was pleasantly surprised when none of that happened when I went in to return the wrong Xbox game.I was immediately greeted and stood in a short, quick moving line. The employee that helped me was very kind and understanding. She even went to the floor and found what I was looking for. What service!I'd say this was one of the easiest returns I have done. I appreciated the employees' helpfulness, patience, and just being nice. Thanks, Best Buy! You have great employees and I'm more likely to come to this location the next time I need some gadget-techie-game item.
