4	Piatto Verde is great cheap and cheerful traditional Italian banter, in an unpretentious atmosphere, ideal, in my opinion, if there's a big gang of you wanting to go on a night out, but you want to pretend to be at least a little bit civilised at the beginning. There's nothing better than a good dose of pizza or pasta to line your stomach before an alcohol endurance marathon (i.e. an average night out in Scotland), and you've got a chance of making it until 3am if you take the time to eat beforehand.I came here with a big group of friends before what was inevitably going to turn into a rum catalysed dance session (or embarrassment), and we got big amounts of house wine, and a starter and main, for much less than any of the city centre Italians. Piatto Verde is near the  Fountain Park complex, so slightly more out of the way, but really only a short walk from the west end, and it's worth it for the cash savings. The pasta dish I went for was really tasty, and generously proportioned. The restaurant space is definitely cosy though, so you'll need to book ahead if you're planning on pitching up with a big group.
5	The best mussels ever, and great pastas and pizzas. my husbands favourite is the steak in Diablo sauce.   friendly staff and great atmosphere nice selection of wines  this is  my favourite italian restaurant
5	It's a little bit out of the way, and has an exterior that doesn't entirely inspire confidence, but Piatto Verde sits alongside Domenico's on the podium of the finest Italian restaurants in Edinburgh. The service is superb and the dishes are high quality. The simple message is: GO, and go soon!Overall, we said: "The only real problem I see with this place is that it is not nearer to where I live, though, the next time I am in need of a good Italian fix and find myself on this side of town instead of near Domenico's, I'll go here, no question."
2	I was so close into giving this place a 5-stars review after my first visit: arrived early, table for two, red wine in a carafe, friendly waitress, extremely tasty food, great ambience, like a little Italian place popped out from an old movie kind-of-thing, and with a L-E-G-E-N-D-A-R-Y profiterole for farewell... And after a few days from that great night, I was looking for good food around 20:15. It is a small place, neighbourhood style, so I imagined it won't stay late open during the week. So I asked what time do they stop serving. The waitress kindly confirmed to us with the owner/chef that last orders are at 20:30, so I reply we'll be back in 5-10 minutes, please don't close, while smiling! :-) We returned back less than 10 minutes later, however the owner/chef this time replied (through the waitress) that the kitchen had been cleaned up and they only take orders for pizza. Really? I mean... REALLY??? I did prefer the take-away, so we ordered a calzone pizza, which, to his credit, was good, but it felt a bit disappointing... I will certainly think twice before going there again...
