4	The newly branded Red Dragon Chinese & Mexican Food is a shiny new facade on an old favorite.  (pics of new sign, and old sign by dumpster)Formerly known as Daily Buffet,  http://www.yelp.com/biz/daily-buffet-phoenix#hrid:3-lmRTZ9YDgPxf6I2WGfHA  they offer an extensive menu.  Whatever investment they're making in this new branding, their menu certainly looks impressive.(pic)Their buffet is quite well-stocked for it's small size.Whether you prefer Chinese or Spanish fried rice, they have it.  Have a few picky kids that can't decide between Honey Sesame chicken and Cheese Enchiladas?  They've got you covered.The Mexican buffet table offers rice, beans, enchiladas, taquitos, and other rotating entrees such as marinated pork ribs or a scrumptious chicken mole, if you're lucky that day.The Chinese area includes lots of chicken and pork options, noodles, egg foo young, etc  --  standard americhino fare.  The pork ribs were very good, if a little chewy, and the sweet & sour pork was done in the style I prefer: Instead of breaded, dry peices that you put your own sauce on, or soupy watery liquid with floating veggies and meat, this had mostly meat, maybe a few carrot and onion peices, with a crispy outside covered in thick, gooey, sticky sauce, that itself got a little crispy.  (it almost starts to remind me of a candy apple when it gets like this, which I'm sure the taste buds love, but the teeth hate!)All is prepared well, hot, not too salty or greasy, and well replenished.Discard Pile is usually present, but also usually small.There were some hand-breaded onion rings that were super thick!  This thing was the size of a small donut in my hand! (pic) They have a perfectly crisped outside, with an inside akin to a hushpuppy or donut.Mmmm, "donionuts"....The salad bar area left a little to be desired, and there wasn't really a salsa to dip my taquitos in.  I made a nice little concoction of ketchup, pico de gallo, and sriracha sauce which suited the task way better than I could have ever thought.Jello squares are the only real dessert option, but if you haven't stuffed yourself full of this yummy indulgent food by that point, you really don't belong in a boofay now, do you?
4	Ah, happiness is a new buffet restaurant in town!  (Ok, sort of new.)  I heard just yesterday of the name change, from Ryan C., & made a point of coming in right away to give this place a fresh review.We have a modest old restaurant here, a thoroughly pleasant & comfortable place to eat, & I've been here quite a few times when it was "Daily Buffet".  They have remodeled the inside just a little, but it's pretty much the same as it was.  One nice change is that the new Red Dragon lunch buffet price is 80 cents LOWER, & dinner buffet 10 cents lower!  (Hey! I'm a crotchety old Senior "on a fixed income", whatever that is!)     :-))Today's lunch buffet featured 53 main food choices.  I started with a regular salad & several kinds of fresh fruit, & then moved on to the Mexican food serving table, & enjoyed some Spanish Rice, refried beans, a cheese enchilada, a potato taquito (better than it sounds), some pork pieces in a red sauce, & Chicken Fajitas.Later, over at the mostly Chinese serving table, I had a variety of different items, the best of which were:*  Crispy, delicious Sweet & Sour Pork!  (Attn: Iain B!)*  Crispy, delicious Orange Chicken!  (Hey Iain, again!  Get over here STAT!)*  Delicious BBQ Pork Ribs!*  Chicken Chop Suey!  (Missing the fried noodles to put underneath, but this dish is rare in the Valley, & it was good.)*  Unusual & tasty Singapore Rice Noodles!So, when to return...?  To quote The Beatles:  "It won't be long.  Yeah!  Yeah!"Prices, 7 days:  Lunch Buffet $5.59, Dinner Buffet $6.29
4	Here's an update, because the buffet is out at lunchtime only now, with a regular menu at dinnertime:This old place continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley, after 1 1/2 years & many visits.  It's friendly, inexpensive, peaceful & comfortable (even with lots of customers), & always satisfying.This time I started with a delicious bowl of Menudo, a nice salad & several kinds of fresh fruit, tasty Cole Slaw, & then headed for the Mexican hot table.  Had some Spanish Rice, refried beans, a beef taquito, an excellent beef tamale (hand made, not some fast-food thing pretending to be a tamale!), & more, but saving room for some Chinese.The tasty treats over at the Chinese hot table included TERRIFIC, big, meaty barbecued pork ribs, really good & crispy Sweet & Sour Pork (Hey Iain!), just-right fried rice, a steamed veggies dish in fish juice that included such treats as Chinese Snow Peas, all cooked just enough, & so on.What a great lunch for $5.59!
3	Cheap Chinese food buffet with decent food. The Mexican food was not that bad either. Try it out, it's only 6 bucks.
