4	Parking in Charlotte can be quite a hassle sometimes, much like most big cities. This is by far the easiest choice for parking I've found in the Queen City. It's a pretty big parking garage located right in the heart of downtown, near the arena. They have quite a few restaurants & shops underneath the parking garage, & Tryon is an easy 2 min walk from here. During the day, you can park here free for up to 90 min, but at night you'll have to pay some dough. But for me, it's by far the easiest parking choice in downtown Charlotte.
4	Ah, 7th Street Station.  It isn't often that a parking deck can actually be more than a bunch of concrete, but here it is.Not only do you have the requisite mass of concrete, standing several stories above you, but you have a light-rail stop.  A grocery store (well... it is now closed).  Two restaurants, Brixx and LaVecchia's.  You can also easily walk to Cosmos (and plenty of other places).You're right next to several bars - of course, having your vehicle parked that close to the bar might not be a good thing, but there you are.  Alley Cat, Forum, Dixie's, all right there.You are even next to the Museum of the New South and Imaginon for the Kiddies, if culture is more your thing.Still not enough?  Catch an event just a block or so away at the Time Warner Arena or spend the night across the street at the Holiday Inn.And if that doesn't suck you in, you can actually try and solve a riddle - on the deck itself.  The Touch My Building piece is created by light panels around the deck that light up and play sounds when touched (the riddle is inscribed on a panel near the old Reid's location).  If touched in a certain order, you unlock the puzzle, and a "ghost" will play a piece back to you.  If you don't solve the riddle, it may just be fun to play a song by touching the panels.  Or wait to the top of the hour, like a cuckoo clock, and you'll hear a song, but it may not be the one played when solving the riddle.
4	This is my "go-to" parking deck when I am thinking of going downtown for a hockey game, bobcats game, bar crawl, etc.  It is really easy to get in and out... and recently they've added the pre-pay stations at the lower levels before you head into the elevator so it should just be a swipe of a card to get out of there.7th Street Station is also home to Brixx Pizza and and La Vecchia's which apparently has moved locations (probably for the better).  There also used to be a small grocery store on the Dixie's tavern side of the parking deck which has since left.  Listen to me, I am getting older by the second.  Next thing I will be telling everyone is that I had to walk to school (uphill both ways) in the snow and newspapers as socks.The parking deck is interactive as well!  I love touching the panels on the sides of the parking deck to light them up and make noises.  Yes, it's way funner after a couple drinks, but  be careful and hit the panel correctly... otherwise you will face-plant into the wall... [not speaking from experience...]
4	Sadly there's currently nothing other than parking in this deck except for Brixx Pizza.  Normally, I am one for taking the light rail into uptown, but on the occasions when I do have to drive (such as if I am coming from north of uptown or I am just pressed for time), I will opt to park at 7th Street Station.  It's close to the arena, fairly secure, and the aforementioned Brixx will validate your parking if you go in and buy a beer or have a meal (which we usually do anyway).  I have not had any bad experience parking here, though it can sometimes be tricky to find your out.  If your parking is already validated or paid for though, you can go to one of the automated lanes which means you'll get out relatively quickly.
3	This garage is hit or miss.Completely depends on what is going on (events etc...) Pricing is usually fair but I have left several time feeling taken advantage of. ie. special event flats rates when you are not there for said event.Otherwise I usually feel safe leaving my car here, kept pretty clean, and within walking distance to just about anything. I'll be back!
5	If I could give this place 6 yelp stars I would!   OKSix yelp stars!!! !!! *** ***GREAT Roof Top Views (of the City) Still Legal! ! !  Fun and Legal... Watch what you do... The Cameras are  W I D E   Angle! ! !If you want to know where to Park for "Not Just Coffee" or 7th Street Market, Look for  Probably most colorful Parking Garage in Charlotte!  You can see it from far away and it is easy to recognize! Parking here for Hours and Hours can be EXPENSIVE...Right now you can Park and get your parking tickey VALIDATED if, IF you know what you are doing and IF you do NOT stay too long!  A Great cup of Coffee takes me hours to drink so I'm taking part of it to GO!CURIOSITY keeps me Alive!!!  I'm NOT curious about what would happen if I jumped!  What I am Curious about is what will happen if I do NOT jump!  So I do NOT!  These small plastic spikes around the edge would not prevent someone who is Serious...  If you look you will see small sections broken out...  It really is better NOT to do that!  There is no telling what will happen tomorrow is a Brand New Day and you could get some GREAT Ideas that could help a lot of people... If you have had bad ideas in the past it proves you could have some Very Good Ideas!!!
1	Ugh. Make sure you have your receipt handy in case you get accosted by a garage employee to prove you made a purchase for validated parking... So rude.
1	Great for trips to The 7th Street Public Market.  If you are looking for monthly parking, they rip you off by offering an intro 67+19 service fee, then they up it to 115.
1	This parking garage is conveniently located and clean.  I'm giving it a 1 star rating for the employees.  My wife and I went to 7th Street Public Market and the ticket validator wasn't working so on our way out we told the lady running the booth that it wouldn't scan our ticket.  She sent someone down to check it out.  He came back, anger in his face, and yelled through the window poking his finger against the ticket before shoving it back at her.  He had gotten it to work.  She then proceeded to tell us that we should have asked someone there to help (as in a shop employee) and not them (the parking garage people).  She also made it a point to tell us that when he tried it, it worked after the first try, as if we hadn't tried it at all.  The guy was no doubt irritated that someone asked him to stop lounging on his cart, staring at the sky, and do something.  She was obviously irritated that we didn't ask someone baking bread or making lattes to service the validator machine.  After we pointed out that he was being so rude, she squeaked out a half-hearted apology and still made it a point to reprimand us for asking for their assistance.I can't say I'll never park here again since it is a convenient lot (although extremely expensive if not shopping at the market) but I do hope to not have another uproar like this again, especially over something so simple.
1	I don't usually write reviews for things like this but in this case I will make an exception. I have parked here numerous times and paid some amount of money almost every time. They have an option inside of the market where you can validate and get a free 1.5 hour of parking. I have used this option every single time I have been in the market without issue. The other day my husband and I went in to get some coffee and have breakfast at local loaf and we were unable to get the validation machine to work. We tried before eating our breakfast and again when we were leaving. When we were leaving we checked the barcode and I thought it had added the small extra part on the end but we realized I was mistaken when we went to go pay and the total was coming up as $8 after only being there for just over an hour. We decided to go on to our car and speak with the person working the pay booth on our way out as this made the most sense to us. We drove up to the woman working the counter and explained to her that we had been unable to get the validator inside to work. She said she would look into it and then stepped out the booth and asked us how many times we had tried it. We told her we had tried no less than 5 times. She then proceeded to walk over to a gentlemen sitting on a john deere golf cart listening to his iPod and talk with him. They were out of ear shot but he then took the ticket and began walking down to the market. She then told us to wait until he came back up. At this point everything seemed fine, she didn't seem upset or like there was anything wrong with us asking for help regarding the issue. When he came back, things took a total different turn. He came back and began yelling and alternating between pointing at the ticket and pointing at us and making he very clear that he was upset. He shoved the ticket back in her hand and then went back to sit on his golf cart and put his headphones back in. She then opened the window and turned to us and let us know that next time we needed assistance we need to ask someone inside the market and not them. My husband and I were completely stunned at this response. To us it had made sense to speak with them regarding the issue not someone inside making food who had nothing to do with the market or parking garage. At this point I expressed our frustration regarding our treatment and how we did not understand what exactly it was that we had done wrong, we had simple asked for help. She proceeded to be rude and repeat that they were not the ones to help us. When I asked if we were supposed to ask someone who worked at one of the establishments who rented inside she had no clue, basically they just didn't want to help. We explained we would call and make a complaint and the look on her face showed she realized she had made a mistake and then tried to tell us to have a great day. I attempted to call and make a complaint but the people who I needed to speak with weren't available, the customer service associate I spoke with was helpful and let me know when I could call back which I will be. I can't say I will never park here again as the parking in Uptown is a nightmare on a good day. However, I will avoid this parking garage at all cost from here on out.
1	Park anywhere else but here. Tth Street Ripoff.Complete ripoff and they charge the maximum daily rate regardless of how long you actually park there. I asked the lot "cashier" to do the math on how much 90 minutes cost at $2.00/20 minutes and he just kept pointing at the sign, telling me it was $14 in broken English.  Ridiculous.  He just kept pointing and saying over and over , "14, 14 dollars."  Never again.  Walk a few more steps and park at one of the $6 surface lots all day for less than half the cost.
1	Absolutely atrocious since new management took over, do not park here. Every credit card reader was broken and there wasn't a sign until you were already up to the station. The prices have also been raised lately to unreasonably high rates. I will not park here again, and this used to be my go to downtown parking lot.
1	Misleading advertised pricing, multiple broken ticket machines, arrogant attendant, exorbitant pricing.
1	It is great ONLY if you get to the ticket booth within precisely 90 minutes. If you don't they charge ridiculously high rates for parking: $2 for each 20 minutes. I planned on staying for a bit longer than the free 90 minutes and knew I had to pay $2 for the extra 20 minutes. No huge deal. However, I went to the monthly parking exit by mistake. I had to back out of that and go to the correct booth. That costed me an extra couple of minutes. 22 minutes of parking was $4...a bit too much in my opinion. I told the attendant but she didn't care. I was parked for an extra 22 minutes but charged as if I was there for 40 minutes. It is worth noting that they put the monthly parking exit in a more convenient place. Drivers without monthly passes have to go down further to get to the paid parking exit...which leaves more possibility to get charged for an extra 20 minutes. Uptown needs more affordable parking options.
3	I usually take the light rail to Uptown, since I live in south/southwest Charlotte but sometimes it's better to drive and when I drive into Uptown, I'm parking at the 7th Street Station parking garage. The parking isn't cheap... but there's a machine that will punch your ticket and validate you. It's in the public market area!
