4	It's another basic strip mall nail salon, but what makes this place stand out is good ventilation, cleanliness, service, comfortable chairs and a pedicure that lasts six weeks.They accept and post coupons regularly. I highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a pleasant and frugal pedicure.
5	I was greeted right when I walked in and was immediately helped.  Hanna did an excellent job on my nails.  I enjoyed our conversation and felt very comfortable there.  Their prices are reasonable too.
4	This place is busy- which I guess is a good problem. I had to wait for 30 minutes for a pedicure but they did a great job- really good leg massage too
5	The first time i went to Paulene's Nail, I saw that it was very clean and it had beautiful  spa chairs. Hanna did my pedicure exceptionally well. The french tip, that I got, lasted for a good 3-4 weeks.  I also got the full set pink and white, which was by Kevin. I really loved my nails, ever since then I came back all the time. The place has a very comfortable feeling and the employees interact with the customers. I recommend Paulenes Nail to those looking for good service and great nails.
5	My first time here I was more than satisfy. I was promptly greeted by Hannah who got me seated right away for my pedicure. They offer different type of pedicure service. I opted for the deluxe pedicure. It came with callus, sugar scrub, and paraffin. The best part was the 10 minute massage. Can you say heaven!!!!! I nearly fell asleep and didn't want to leave.  Then I decided maybe I should try the pink and white nails. The guy who did my pink and white was name Kevin. He was good and quick at his job. I highly recommend to ask for him if your getting your nails done.
5	I was in the area and yelp for a nearby nail shop. Paulene nail came up, so i drop by to get my pedi and gel nail done. Right when i walk in i was greeted, ask to sign in and got seated right away. The place was really spacious and super clean. I was offer water which was nice. Considering it was warm outside. But no worry air conditioning was on thank god! My overall service for pedicure was topnotch. My pedi wasnt rush like some other nail salon. The lady took her time on me. She wasnt pushy, trying to add on my stuff and over charge me later. My gel manicure was also terrific. They had a good selection of color. It could be more but they offer more than the old place i go to, so cant complain there. I definitely would recommend this place. You wont regret stopping by :)
4	I was in search of a nearby nail place that had good reviews, Yelp saved me again. They got me in right away for a last minute pedicure. As soon as I walked in I was greeted by the very friendly staff, offered cold water, and sat in a comfortable massaging spa chair. I was quoted $25 for a pedicure over the phone yet the "menu" I was handed did not include a pedicure for that price. A little confusing but I opted for the basic pedicure ($20) with a $10 upgrade for an extra 10 minute foot/calf massage. So very worth every penny for that upgrade. I definitely could have fallen asleep in the chair. It was exactly what these aching feet needed. The polish color choices weren't extensive but they had my favorite OPI color so no complaints here. Hopefully they have more colors available for gel as that is what I'll be trying with them next.
5	I was in the area and yelp for a nearby nail shop. Paulene nail came up, so i drop by to get my pedi and gel nail done. Right when i walk in i was greeted, ask to sign in and got seated right away. The place was really spacious and super clean. I was offer water which was nice. Considering it was warm outside. But no worry air conditioning was on thank god! My overall service for pedicure was topnotch. My pedi wasnt rush like some other nail salon. The lady took her time on me. She wasnt pushy, trying to add on my stuff and over charge me later. My gel manicure was also terrific. They had a good selection of color. It could be more but they offer more than the old place i go to, so cant complain there. I definitely would recommend this place. You wont regret stopping by :)
4	I was in the area and yelp for a nearby nail shop. Paulene nail came up, so i drop by to get my pedi and gel nail done. Right when i walk in i was greeted, ask to sign in and got seated right away. The place was really spacious and super clean. I was offer water which was nice. Considering it was warm outside. But no worry air conditioning was on thank god! My overall service for pedicure was topnotch. My pedi wasnt rush like some other nail salon. The lady took her time on me. She wasnt pushy, trying to add on my stuff and over charge me later. My gel manicure was also terrific. They had a good selection of color. It could be more but they offer more than the old place i go to, so cant complain there. I definitely would recommend this place. You wont regret stopping by :)
5	I was in the area and yelp for a nearby nail shop. Paulene nail came up, so i drop by to get my pedi and gel nail done. Right when i walk in i was greeted, ask to sign in and got seated right away. The place was really spacious and super clean. I was offer water which was nice. Considering it was warm outside. But no worry air conditioning was on thank god! My overall service for pedicure was topnotch. My pedi wasnt rush like some other nail salon. The lady took her time on me. She wasnt pushy, trying to add on my stuff and over charge me later. My gel manicure was also terrific. They had a good selection of color. It could be more but they offer more than the old place i go to, so cant complain there.
4	I was in the area and yelp for a nearby nail shop. Paulene nail came up, so i drop by to get my pedi and gel nail done. Right when i walk in i was greeted, ask to sign in and got seated right away. The place was really spacious and super clean. I was offer water which was nice. Considering it was warm outside. But no worry air conditioning was on thank god! My overall service for pedicure was topnotch. My pedi wasnt rush like some other nail salon. The lady took her time on me. She wasnt pushy, trying to add on my stuff and over charge me later. My gel manicure was also terrific. They had a good selection of color. It could be more but they offer more than the old place i go to, so cant complain there.
5	I needed a mani/pedi and yelp reviews directed me here. Best Mani/pedi!!  This place is beyond clean. Very nice. They don't rush. Prices are great. They had a sign indicating 20% off nail services, which wasn't reflected in my total, but I don't care. I actually fell asleep in my appt it was that good
1	Giving a 20% discount on any nail procedure..Had a pedicure today and paid Full price NO discount. I was so mad because I asked last week when I stopped in if it included pedi's I was told yes. Lost my business. I've been going there for 8 years.
1	I went in for a gel manicure. First of all, the website said it would be $19.99 and the website didn't say it needed to be printed out. I went in and AFTER doing my nails she tells me that I had to have the coupon printed out (annoying). She also didn't tell me till afterwards that getting French tip would be extra (but maybe I should've asked - French tip is usually a bit extra). But what I'm really mad about is that the nail color chipped THE SAME DAY. A fat chunk of it. Are you kidding me!?! She kept saying gel manicures last 3-4 weeks. Never coming here again. I'm going to go back and see if they'll fix it. My total was $35 which is ridiculous a manicure that doesn't last. Oh yeah $35 was supposedly with a 20% managers discount posted outside. Terrible.
5	Once again Vicky is amazing. Turned my ugly aching dogs into soft & polished feet. And my hands, rough & dry from packing & unpacking, are now soft, moisturizer and sporting a fun spunky color. This place is clean, professional and a good deal.
5	Amazing customer service. Love the gel polishes they have and Vicky is an excellent manicurist. Look for coupons online for the best deals.
5	So I went to this place when I first moved over to this area and I liked it a lot. Then, for some reason, I thought I would try another shop in the area and, although it was pretty good, it was not awesome and it always seemed more expensive than it should be. So I returned to Paulene's today and I certainly won't be changing again! I got a regular fill and I needed a toe nail fixed as I had an injured toe and half the nail came off while it was healing. I also got a deluxe pedicure that was pure heaven! She spent lots of time on me and they turned out beautifully!Their service and the fact that they care about their work and their great pricing makes this an excellent nail salon.
1	I came in on a Friday morning for a mani/pedi. My pedi was fine-more like a polish chnage though-they didn't even give me a leg massage- I shouldn't have paid a pedi price for that. But whatever, that's not even the worst part. By that evening, 2, yes 2, of my fingernails- the polish had chipped off-destroying my (cost extra!!) French Manicure! I have NEVER had such a terrible polish job before. By the end of the weekend-all but 2 of my fingernails had chipped polish on them. I would never go back to this salon and I would think again before wasting any money here.
5	Love the level of service here and the prices aren't highway robbery. I drive out of my way to go to this place! Love the hot wax and sugar pedi's!
3	Sign in front advertising spa pedicure for $14.99 so I thought "what the heck."  Very nice salon; not busy at all.  But gal giving me the pedicure handed me a price list.  I told her I wanted the special.  All good, right? Wrong. It was an extra $5.00 to remove calluses which I have always thought came with a "spa" pedicure. So I paid $20 which really wasn't bad. My biggest suggestion to them is that a non-busy employee really SHOULDN'T be sleeping in the salon. Looks pretty bad actually.
5	This was my first time in here today & I must say that it's a very nice place and they do a wonderful job!! I went with 2 of my friends, and we all had a wonderfully experience! I highly recommend this place!! Super friendly staff too :)
5	This is the third time I have come here, prices have gone up a little bit but I still love it here.  Everyone is friendly and I barely ever have to wait. They always make sure I am happy with my pedicure at different steps along the way,  it's great! I will continue to come here!
