1	My hubby was hungry after having a few drinks so we went out looking for something to eat. Everything was closed since it was past 11pm, except for fast food, so that was pretty much our only option. Hubby insisted on going to Burger King & got himself the chicken nuggets meal & for me the chicken fries meal. He was pretty tipsy so he downed his whole meal, but I was sober as can be & could only stomach about half. The fries were barely warm & way too crunchy. The chicken fries were so thick w/coating & just overall disgusting. The sweet & sour sauce I got w/them didn't help either, way too sugary sweet. Needless to say, if my hubby insists on coming here again out of drunkenness I am not ordering anything!
2	We ordered kids meal, jr whopper, whopper & chicken club. We had to park? K? Food was fresh but I know what they were doing, they are trying to trick the timer and speed of service. We were the ONLY car. Annoying.
1	If I could give no stars I would. I paid $5.34 for a burger that was so cold I would be skeptical to believe a rumor that it was ever warm. I brought it back, got my money back from a manager that didn't seem remotely abashed, as if it was normal routine at this Burger King on Bell Rd and 7th St.
1	Disgusting ass mexican't Burger king! uuhgg so gross!
2	I was going to log on and give them a good review. Order of 6 items was taken promptly and each of the bags handed to me at the DT Window had their contents inspected and read to me in a polite, efficient manner. Fries poking out of the bag were hot and fresh. The Problem arose when I got home and unpacked 3 burgers, 1 fish and 1 fry. Again with the Drive-thru Curse. Why is it so hard for fast-food employees to count items and put them in a bag? I'm not spending two bucks in gas to go back for fries that cost them 15cents to make (including their labor and overhead).
1	I waited 20 mins for my food , I approached the counter and they forgot to put my order in! The managers response was "I don't know what happened" I'm never going back
1	All I can say is this. If the hot shots at the Burger King corporate offices had any sense and honestly wanted to look after their customers they would revoke the franchising rights of this place, because it has to be one of the worse places to eat in all of the Southwest.
1	Spent too long explaining my order, correcting the cashier while the manager yelled to the back our order incorrectly. Then we still did not get our order as asked. Only one of the two soda fountains worked with a low ice machine. None of the tables were clean.
2	The staff is friendly but they are not that helpful. Wanted 2 for 5 deal they had on the window. Couldn't order what I wanted because the cashier couldn't find it. Was told by the cashier it's not available as the deal even though there are pictures of it on the window. What!! No napkins in my bag!!!
