3	Very informative clerk saw my violet hair and after complimenting me on it advised me what she used to make a lavender streak in her own hair.  I ended up buying it also, along with some of their great little dollar size nail polish and some of the kind you stripe your nails with.  Great place to shop for hair supplies and if you are looking for products to add a little glitz to your life!(4/29/09)
1	I'm not too familiar with driving around Tempe. I needed to buy more hair color and I was around in the area so I thought I'd try a local Sally's Beauty Supply. So I called this store to see what it was located by to help me find it. The lady who answered the phone told us it wasn't by Chase bank.... so I  drove all around Southern and Mclintock look at all of the Stores. I couldn't find it. So I decided to go by Chase anyways, there it was... I wasn't too impressed at this point, but I didn't let it bother me. I picked out my hair color and went to pay, and apparently the lady at my register didn't accept Visa's or my cosmetology license... She told me that no Sally's would take my Visa card? When I was at a different Sally's earlier that day (and many other days before) and purchased lots of products... She was so very rude. She makes me embarrassed to be a cosmetologist... I will stick to Cosmoprof if I'm in Tempe for now on...
2	Nasty customer service today. Asked a simple question on where to find an item and had an eye rolling complacent sales woman point to an obscure location. When I asked for more specifics because I still was unable to find the item the two sales women snickered and made jokes about me behind the counter. I have been shopping here for years and have never been treated like this.
3	Friendly staff, with reasonably priced beauty supplies.  I came in here looking for pedicure supplies, and while they didn't have the brand I was looking for, they did have 4 slightly different alternatives.  Unfortunately, their credit card system uses dial-up, so if there is a problem with the phone connection (Such as today, when apparently there was a problem with all the phone lines), you won't be able to reliably purchase your wares using a credit card.  Good thing we had some cash on us to pay!
4	I love this location! They immediately helped me on several occasions of entering the facility. They had a wide variety of items and the beauty club us a great way to save on makeup and hair products!
1	Poor customer service. When I asked if they were able to check stock at another near location for a product they were out of, the lady threw up her hands and asked me if I knew where the next closest location was and simply told me "I don't know". She then told me if I waited she MIGHT be able to look it up. So I waited and finally just left when i realized she had no intention of returning to help me as she decided to help another customer. It seemed to me that having 3 customers in the store was too much to handle for 2 employees.... Being that I just relocated from out of state, I've quickly learned this is not a place ill be returning to, regardless of its proximity to my house. I drove to the Mesa location and received 5 star customer service.
2	I typically go to this Sally's location to buy Motions hair care products and haven't had any problems. On Sunday I purchased some shampoo, conditioner, relaxer and some moisturizer. When I got my bag out of the car later that night I realized that more than half of my products were missing! I automatically assumed that I was given all of my items especially since the lady who rang me up left after handing me my bag and told me to have a nice day. I take part of the blame for this since I should have checked the bag before leaving. I called Sally's the next day and was told if I brought my receipt in I would be able to collect the rest of my products. When I picked up my bag I noticed that I had not one, not two but TEN samples of what appears to be weave glue. Not only do I not wear weave, none of the products I purchased had anything to do with a weave or extensions so I'm not quite sure why someone decided to place ten free samples in my bag and I wasn't happy about it. Thanks, but no thanks.
3	When it comes to cosmetology, I'm no expert, but I do enjoy giving myself a mani/pedi from time to time. I got my nails done at a beauty school and on the way out I smudged one of my nails. It wasn't a huge deal, I barely noticed it, but on my drive home I decided to stop at Sally Beauty supply to see if they had the same polish. To my surprise, they did have both nail polish colors I needed. The nail polish bottles were not labeled with a price tag, so it was kind of a shock to spend $25 on three bottles of nail polish (one bottle was only .99 cents), but I still got what I needed so it all worked out. It was just more than I was expecting to pay.
