4	I went to Bassett Furniture to see how much a sleeper sofa and a studio dinning set would cost. I was very pleased to be greeted by a very friendly sales associate by the name of Stephanie who walked me through all the options. Bassett has nice stuff. It is a bit pricey, but their furniture is high quality - plus it is customizable based upon your preference. I am only taking off 1 star b/c it is a bit pricey and it does take 30 days for the furniture to be made, but I am impressed by the excellent customer service I received in the store. I recommend checking them out.
5	My fiance and I wanted to by a new couch. We were convinced that rc willey was the only way to go. We found a leather sectional couch that we would "settle" with at Rc Willey. When we went to buy that couch we found that it was sold out. Thank god! We had already went to Ashley furniture and Macy's furniture and all the other ones out here. Except for Bassett. We looked them up online. Saw that they had a great sale going to on the day we were planning on buying. Went into the store and fell in love with the Dillon couch. The couches at Bassett are of much higher quality then all the other furniture stores. They are a little pricer then others but look for a sale and plan and wait if need be. Just like a luxury car; if you want nice, you have to pay for nice. As for the sales people, they are not like used car men. They know that their product is good and they stand behind it. Thomas Bednarczyk helped us and he was great. We weren't rushed or pressured. Even when we couldn't decide between two couches because they were both so comfortable! We felt like every other store ( other than Macy's which is already known for high quality products ) has very mediocre products.
2	The furniture here is beautiful but customer relations was rather poor. We went to return a piece of furniture after we decided we didn't like it with the rest of the decor, and they told us there was no returns. Period. I've never heard of someplace not doing returns. Based off that experience alone, I'll be finding somewhere else to buy furniture in the future.
