4	This Arouch is in the JMSB building in Concordia... and is full of students running to and from classes.  They offer a variety of pitas (I usually get zatar -  a mix of thyme, oregano, sesame and other spices), with or without additional cheese. They heat up the pita, then take it out to top with your choice of toppings, including  lettuce, tomatoes, hot peppers, mint,  pickled turnips (which I LOVE), olives.. etc.  It's $0.40 per topping and around $3-ish for the basic pita (if my memory serves me correctly..) The pita is rolled up into a nice portable sandwich perfect for eating on the run.
4	Being Armenian you try and seek out places that are owned/operated/serve Armenian food and Arouch is one of those places.  I come here often for a quick bite for lunch since its close to my work.  They have, of course, Lahmajoun, Greek, Aleppo, Zahtar, and Anatolian (cheese) pizzas. I have tried all their offerings and they are all great.  You can add toppings to any of your choices.  My personal favorite is the spicy lahmajoun with a squirt of lemon.  It just enhances the meal and in my opinion requires no extra toppings.They also sell candy from Yerevan (Grand Candy).  I would recommend trying a couple of pieces because its actually really good.
4	Heh, this place is great!I got a whole box Lahmajouns and they tasted amazing, from the first bite until the last. They are basically thin pita bread with a good amount of meat sauce spread on top and reheated in the oven until the edge is crispy.A typical meal here is very inexpensive and ideal for lunch, short waiting time, and could be healthy if you add some veggies and other condiments.I didn't go for any toppings, as I found the Lahmajoun to be perfect just by itself.The location is great, literally under John Molson building and close to the metro. I have yet to try other kinds if pizza but I'm eager to come back for some more!
4	The Armenian sausage pizza (Soujouk) was a joy, especially at its cheesiest and meatiest parts. I wish they'd let you have free unlimited toppings like a Subway would, instead of the 2-3 limit. But overall, the help there was friendly and the food was a nice quick bite to eat on a cold day.
