5	VERY nice store! More helpful and knowledgeable than most stores.
3	I bought my Conceal and Cary gun from these guys.  I called looking for a specific firearm and they had it $20 cheaper than Cabalas.  The store is really hard to find and in what looks like a rough area of town.  The first time I visited the store I felt out of place and a little not wanted.  The staff didn't seem to be interested in helping me out and even scolded me for releasing the slide on a gun so that it slammed shut. What ever man.  The next time that I came in the owner was there and helped me find the gun that I was looking for.  He gave me some tips on a good CCW course and even threw in some Bullets for a discount. wink wink...The owner was awesome and made my experience great.  I don't think that I'll drive out there again though...
5	Randalls has been around for a long time and the guys that work there are great. Being a woman walking into a store full of gun loving men can be a little intimidating but I've always been made to feel welcome. Their selection is on the smller side but quality. I traded in my last gun to them and they gave me more than I was expecting for it. They have good prices on ammo and always have the sizes I need in stock.
5	Great place to buy guns and accessories. I live in surprise and still try to go there. Great group of knowledgeable guys.
5	Can't give these guys enough stars. I'm glad Cabela's didn't have what I was looking for, because I wouldn't have found this place. Very pleasant experience for a first time gun buyer, walked me through everything. I will be back to this store soon.
5	I had an amazing experience at Randall's. After being extremely disappointed with the service that was provided to me at Lone Wolf I decided to find a different gun store to purchase my first gun. From the moment I walked into Randall's I felt like I was right at home. The gentleman that assisted me was very knowledgeable and spent over an hour explaining and assisting me in my purchase. Not once did I feel pressured or pushed into buying anything. They gave me a very good price on the gun, less then expected.  Randall's has a customer for life.
4	Great selection, friendly people.... I wish I lived local.... I would be spending A LOT of money here!
4	This place has extremely good customer service. I'm a new member of the AZ National Guard and new to being a Gun Owner and this place is your best bet if your looking to own a gun. The prices are very good as well. The man who helped me was able to help with all my questions and correct me on alot of information too. Ill defiantly be back.
4	This is one of the stores on my list looking for ammo
5	My favorite little hole in the wall gun shop since moving to Phoenix. Friendly staff, fair prices, and decent selection, what more could you ask for?
5	The best little gun store in all of Arizona. Went in with a specific gun in mind and they had it ordered in minutes. Very knowledgable staff, great choices and it has been here for years. I recommend anyone interested in firearms go here.
1	This place has a hefty grey haired man with quite the crappy attitude.With his Horrible customer service skills, it's no wonder he's stuck working in this tiny gun shop crammed in the corner of the tiniest strip mall. Just went in on a whim, to ask a question about a particular rifle, and he acted like a complete DICK. I felt very uninvited in the store, and wouldn't spend a dime in this place nor 10 seconds of my time.
5	My favorite gunstore, period. fullstop. amen!To be fair, you better not act like a fool when talking to the proprietors - they don't like it when people come in and display bad behavior and/or bad manners. These are people who carry and handle firearms for a living; if you don't understand what that implies, then you're better off buying a can of pepperspray at Walmart. Firearms are serious business, and the people who handle them are serious people, it is wise to treat the subject with the respect & dignity it deserves.Just be polite, treat the proprietors with respect, and they'll give you the absolute best advice on firearms you could ever wish for.
5	Great bunch of customer friendly guys. I've shopped at gun stores all around the valley and this gun store makes me feel like norm from the TV show cheers.
5	Just stopped in to purchase a quad rail for my rifle. They are very helpful. I feel no tension or attitude coming from the employees. We all know gun shop personnel can be rude from time to time . These guys r great i will be back for more supplies and maybe even a firearm. Thanks randalls.
5	Tell you what, I just left this place and I left this place well pleased.  No, the didn't have everything I was wanting and I'm heading over to a box store but they have a good selection of things that interested me and I was impressed by the knowledge of the staff and the willingness to help and not BS through things.  I hate when people act like the have an idea what's going on thinking that your just so joe that doesn't have a clue. These guys are good. I recommend them and will be back!
4	The best customer service I've ever had at a gun store.Prices are on the high side of average but not out of range. Take cash and buy a used gun, the might work with you a little.They do not have budget guns in their inventory. There are many gun stores in the area that sell cheaper brands. Randall's won't do it. They don't sell garbage. I like that integrity. They sell reliable and often warrantied firearms.
