3	I loved the opening scene...My heart started jumping with excitement  but then as the show progressed I started to feel sad.I enjoyed hearing Elvis's music blaring but with each song and dance it seemed to be less and less related to how I remember Elvis and all that he represented. I felt a bit sorry for the dancers in the show because I felt they were truly doing the best that they could with the material they had been given to work with. I enjoyed my evening BUT this show definitely doesn't represent the best of Cirque or of Elvis. I feel that a show about Elvis does not belong in Aria... One of the classic hotels like The Hilton or even the Tropicana would in my view paid a better homage to the King. I look forward to the revamp of this show.. I hope they create a show that Elvis would have been proud of.
3	The better half surprised me with a trip to Vegas and tickets to this. You see, I am pretty sure I am Elvis and even though I was a child when he died, I feel fairly certainly his spirit headed west from Memphis and found a new home in me way back in the 70s. Yes, I own my own Elvis outfit, but I only wear it once a year. Can you guess the holiday?There is something very alluring about the fat, Quaalude Elvis of the 70s, shooting a gun at his tv and so popular he toured and just covered everyone else's songs because he was too hopped up to write new ones. True, it didn't really end well for him, dying in his early forties while in the can...Anyway, my thoughtful wife surprised me with this trip. The show was good, but not the greatest Cirque I have seen. But if you like Elvis music, you will have a good time.Thank you. Thank you very much. You're beautiful...
2	I liked the show (see separate review), but I was very disappointed with the gift shop.I found the selection just a bit disappointing.I finally settled on getting a silver charm for my wife's charm bracelet. We specifically asked if it was Sterling Silver, and we were told that it was. The receipt indicated it was as well.When we got back to our hotel on the other side of the strip, we found out that the bag that it was in was marked "pewter."We called as soon as they opened the next day to find out what the deal was, and we were told that a manager would call us back with an answer. The call never came, and we're pretty sure that the message was never passed on.We ended up going back to the store late that evening to return the charm after buying a replacement gift at another store. The store was hesitant to take it back, insisting that it was real silver. I was insistent though. By this point, I trusted their word about as much as you'd trust a Cozumel street vendor's word that it was silver.
4	I've heard this show may be closing soon so really, if you get a chance, its a couple of hours well spent.   Totally hip tale of The King with mad choreography and straight up athletic feats by the Cirque tribe.Multi media explosion of sound, light, video and performance busting out on this gorgeous stage.  Comfy double wide seats, perfect if you know the person next to you, kind of creepy if you do not.The show starts with the birth of Elvis and time travels through his career up until the Vegas days.  Sometimes tender, sometimes saucy but definitely lively, upbeat and cool.  The superhero segment made my head spin in a "how do they do that" kinda way and the Elvis joins the army footage tugged at my patriotic heartstrings.You would have to be comatose not to be singing and dancing even a little bit at the end.   On a side note: drink before you go.  A round of drinks, although served by an awesome bartender, was $71.50 for four drinks.
4	I enjoyed the show. Yes, it could be better but I liked it. It made me want to go see Cirque du Soleil O. Heard that one is wonderful.
2	Awful.  this is the worst Cirque show.  The only cool part is they shown never before seen pictures of Elvis.  Other than that it is a bunch of stupid dancing and nothing spectacular that normal shows give you.Go see LOVE instead.  Or Zumanity.  Or Absinthe (not a cirque owned show but still by far one of the best)
5	I enjoyed this show it brings you back in time when the king of Rock & Roll was alive you relive moments in his life. Great scenes dancing was fantastic too bad it was the last show.
4	Not much love for this show inside of the Aria theater. Though now finished, I think I was watching it the last month that it was showing last year. About to head again to LV for some more shows, I forgot to add how much I enjoyed the tribute to Elvis. It was very creative, the stunts, as well as incorporating a personal element that was more intimate, about his own life, letters, family, etc. Tasteful. Theater is small, compared to say, MGM's, or Bellagio's. Even Treasure Island's. ...at the top level, where the fine dining restaurants. Go up that long escalator. Glad I got to catch this.... Now.. onto LOVE at Mirage
