3	I've lived in squirrel hill for two years and yet didn't know about this place until recently.  if you go, its in one of the stores between coffee tree roasters and the PNC bank, but the restaurant itself is in the basement so all you see in a small sign. i had the gyro platter, which to be honest wasn't great.  the three other people with me really liked their dishes though, so maybe I just picked a bad menu choice.  The hummus was fine as an appetizer, but nothing great.  I would probably rank this below aladdin's, which is just down the street closer to shady.  BYOB, corking fee is $2 (i think)
4	I like this place. When I go I almost always order the mixed grill (chicken and lamb kebab) with rice! and a side of plain yogurt. I haven't really tried any other dishes so I can't comment on those.The service is consistently good. The prices are definitely reasonable.It's probably up to par with Aladdin's (also in sq. hill) and Ali's (s.craig st.) but for some reason, i prefer mediterranean grill.
4	I loved this place, if you like dolma (grape leaves) and like lemons then this place has the best dolma ever! I have tried grape leaves at just about every mediterranean place I have ever been to, and these are by far my favorite. As to the rest of the food I am not sure I remember, because it was all secondary to the real reason I was there! The best grape leaves!The flavors here are very good, and distinct. Some of my friends preferred Aladdins down the way but I was never impressed there... (The food seemed bland).If you are going for ambiance, definitely pass on this place, it is a random office looking space in the basement of a non descript building, as someone else said it really looks like you are going to a dentists office...p.s. try the grape leaves!
4	Came here to figure out where I stood in the Mediterranean Grill v. Aladdin's debate.  Conclusion?  I'm still sitting on the fence, but I'm okay with that.  I like them both.I ordered the falafel pita wrap here, which I've also eaten at Aladdin's.  The falafel at Mediterranean Grill is good--crunchy on outside, but not dry on the inside.  I'd say it's crunchier here than at Aladdin's.  Two things I prefer about Aladdin's falafel wrap are: the toasted pita and it seemed better wrapped (the Mediterranean Grill one fell apart sooner in my hands).  But, still, all in all, the falafel at Mediterranean Grill is good.  The wrap comes with the usual lettuce, tomato and tahini--nothing out of the ordinary, like the pickled vegetables that Aladdin's adds (which I very much like), but I was plenty satisfied.The food and beverage selection is smaller than Aladdin's, but it's a smaller establishment, so I wouldn't hold it against them.  (In response to an earlier review: they don't have a hot mint tea, but their iced tea is mint).  The ambiance is weird here, but there's also something cool about trundling down those stairs to the basement and feeling like you know about a hidden gem.
4	At Med Grill you can BYO (save big $$ - couldn't say if there is a corking fee but if so it's like a buck or two). The Lamb shank is really good at Med Grill and I like the Kibe (baked and raw - did I spell "kibe" correctly?). If you don't know what it is you should go and ask about it. Go raw for an adventure. When you go to Med Grill you descend stairs what appears to be like an underground office space (kind of weird) and surprise there is the Med Grill. No windows eww...but great service ...but  the decor is just ok... but I am giving it 4 stars mainly for the BYO and good food.
3	BYOB.The food here is really quite good but not as good or cheap as it used to be.  This place used to be really low priced for how good it was.  Apparently management has caught on.  There can be pretty long waits if its crowded and the place is pretty small.I do enjoy the food here though and recommend the hummus and grape leaves.
4	Total hole in the wall- ok, it's a space in the basement of an office space, which is totally bizarre- but it's a regular spot for us.Love: the hummus, falafel, feta cheese, and  the amazing lemon-garlic salad dressing! Don't love: the baba ganouj- it's just got a weird flavor- I prefer Aladdin's baba.
5	This is hands down the best middle eastern in the midwest. I visit pittsburgh almost twice a year, and I can't not go there. It tastes just like mom's food!!!!! Can't wait to go back for more-hb
5	The best fattoush I have ever had.  A true Pittsburgh gem.  Great service, great food and great prices.
4	I'm always on the hunt for Mediterranean food that might rival my Aunt's, and this restaurant is the closest I've come to home. The spinach lentil soup, in particular, is fantastic. If I were blindfolded and challenged to a taste test, it would be tough for me to distinguish the Mediterranean Grill's soup from the home-cooked treat I'm so often craving. The lemony, moist grape leaves are another close contender. The grape leave appetizer, served with pita, is quite filling for lunch.Sadly, one of my favorite items, the salmon wrap, has been removed from the menu. I'm not sure why they thought this was a good idea, because it means I'm not visiting as often..A few things to be aware of:The restaurant isn't well marked, and it's easy to miss. I sometimes walk past it even though I've been there several times. Maybe I'm just spatially challenged though. The food might taste like home, but the restaurant certainly doesn't look like my family's dining room. Tucked away in the basement, the interior is pretty drab and uninspiring. I suppose if you like speakeasies or sterile rooms with wall-length mirrors, you might feel right at home.If you like to eat lunch before noon, you'll have to wait outside. On weekdays it doesn't open until 12 on the dot.
4	Mediterranean Grill  has good food.  I like the sleek, falllafel, and fatoush, they have good cheap sandwiches too.  The lamb plate is a little pricey.  This place is BYOB - can have spotty service and the decor is 10 years past a remodel.  Be aware this place should be called Subterranean- Mediaterranen because it has no windows.
4	I had grape leaves wrapped around rice for an appetizer. Not sure what it's called, but it was pretty tasty. I had falafel in a pita for dinner. It was good, but the dressing was a little rich. The rest of the pita was good, so I would recommend the dressing on the side. This place was extremely reasonable in price and the staff was favorable. Solid restaurant.
4	Small? Yes. Parking? Sucky. But Awesome!!!! I worked in a comic book store for 10 years next to this place and my pores sweat their great menu. Upon entering the location you will notice that it reminds you of a dentist office. Weird but true. On a weekday you will be hard pressed to not find an open table. Fridays through Sunday, good luck. It is an intimate space that allows you to keep your swearing to a minimum (there may be a kid right behind you, and I mean RIGHT BEHIND YOU). The food is your basic "kabob-style" menu. But this is not fast food. Lamb and steak cooked precisely to your request, veggie apps. like baba and tabouli are as fresh as it gets. Rice is delicious!  Also beware of their salad dessing...you will become addicted too it!Small, but diverse menu. Very good service. Great to take out and eat at home. ...They now have a corking fee, but who cares? Bring you biggest bottle(s) of wine and indulge, after all it is BYOB!
3	This restaurant is hidden in a basement location near Pussycat and The Chocolate Moose in Squirrel Hill. The food was pretty good--not spectacular, but good enough. We had the mezza platter (hummus, baba ghannouj, tabboolee, feta cheese, and olives) and falafel. Hint: if you plan to order this, save the warm pita your server brings you for your dinner. The baba tasted a bit too smoky but the falafel and tabboolee (the restaurant's spelling) were pretty good. The falafel was crispy and delicious. You'll see the option of ordering feta fries on the menu. We did this out of curiosity but probably wouldn't again. This is American-cut fries sprinkled with feta. Only in Pittsburgh can you order fries with Middle East cuisine. With cheese on top. Only in Pittsburgh.Anyway, it was a decent vegetarian dinner and the service was excellent.
5	Best Middle Eastern food I have had anywhere in the US.  The sleek is heavenly goodness.  Do they put crack in their salad dressing?  It is addictive.  Baba is deliciously smokey.  Though I haven't had their mousakka, my family raves about it.  Cozy hole in the wall.  Cannot say enough good things about this place.
3	Downstairs, a bit awkward but food was decent.
2	Underwhelming food.My gyro platter was just okay. It came w/ a tomato-based sauce that I thought didn't go well w/ the meat. Asked for a side of tzatziki sauce instead but the flavor wasn't very good.Don't think I will be back.
4	this family owned restaurant has been around a long time , since it is not street level  it does not get the biz it deserves . The Med.  Grill must have good word of mouth and be doing something right . yes, it is the good food , good service at very reasonable prices. the humus is smooth and a little chalky, some people prefer their humus chunkier. the filet shish kebob platter with the excellent home made famous red sauce is outstanding quality and value. full menu selection, plenty of veg. options . Nice music quietly playing . I  get treated like family here, but better, i don't have to scrub the dishes after a delicious satisfying meal.
1	The food was over priced for what we received, and the service was poor to average. We know they were busy that night, but it's not an excuse for the service that night. My wife and I forgot our to-go container, and when we returned 10 minutes later the server had already thrown it in the trash. Overall, a bad experience and we recommend avoiding this place.
4	I came here yesterday after a long drive that had my appetite built up. I ordered baked kibbee with cucumber yogurt and also rice pilaf. Overall I thought the food was really tasty and worthy of a 4-star rating. I particularly liked the kibbee as it is certainly exotic and not something you can just find anywhere even among other middle eastern venues. The service was good too as my server was friendly and outgoing. The only minor issue is the location, which is below street level within a residence like hallway. The price seemed a little high but not to the point of being ridiculous. The important elements however, such as the food and service were very good and thus earns an overall 4-star rating.
5	Hands down this foodies favorite place to eat.  I travel often for work and for as many of times I make attempts to try other Mediterranean restaurants I am always disappointed and return back to Pittsburgh and crave the flavors from here.  It's always a treat and love being able to support locally owned small businesses.My favs are Mousaka (with ground meat, potatoes, onions, and zucchini) , Schwarma (shredded lamb, wrapped in Pita with tahini), grilled chicken, rice, green beans with tomato sauce ...those are just to name a few. .. The rice pudding and baklava to wrap things up.If your ever in the Shadyside area or are able to make the trip a definite must!!! I travel 30-40 minutes at least once every couple weeks to get my fix!
5	the wife and i enjoyed this place so much during our courting days that we stopped in while passing through town.  it was just as good as we remembered.  the mezza platter is a great starter with humus, babaganoush, tabbouleh, feta and olives, served with warm pita.  practically a meal in itself.  the only complaint i have about it was that on this particular night, the babaganoush was a bit too strong on the lemon.i had a shawarma wrap, which was excellent.  (happy coincidence, the babaganoush was a perfect flavor complement to the shawarma.)  the wife had the falafel and was very pleased-- said it was perfectly crisped on the outside and tender and moist inside.  we had enough to take a bit of it with us when we left.  also, our server, rachel, was incredibly helpful and attentive, without being up in our business.  she seemed to be happy in her job a friendly with all of the customers.  that always makes for a nicer dining experience, in my book.
