5	Oh, Woodman's, how I love thee. And you've opened a store that is a mere 20 minute drive away! Bliss! Joy! Half liter bottles of Mexican Coke!Aisles full of cheese!Giant jars of maraschino cherries!Tyrell's potato chips!Anything you might want in the realm of groceries, you can very likely find at Woodman's. So glad they opened this long-rumored new location.
5	This is like the Mecca of all Woodman's.  The place is huge, has all sorts of stuff to shop for, and the majority of the pricing is better than that of Sentry and Copps (sadly for them, as I think this place is going to hurt them in the long run).Pros:  Ridiculous selection of all sorts of prepackaged foods from cookies to cereal to pet snacks to frozen pizzas.  Pretty wide selection of produce, at least for all the random things that I tend to buy.  Lot's of Wisconsin representation in everything from cheeses to Door County products  At 9pm, seven of their checkout aisles were open.  I can't think of ever seeing that anywhere in the last few years.Cons:  Cheese (non-domestic) selection is definitely sub-par considering the sheer size of the place.  Makes the southern Madison Woodman's look entirely ghetto by comparison.  Fresh Meat/Fish selection is thinWorth the stop once a month to stock on staples.  We loaded a cart for $115.  Not too shabby.
3	I went here one time, and I got lost in the hundreds of maze-like aisles.  This place is like going to Disneyland, you have to ask your employer for time off and spend several days walking around to see everything.  You musn't care about the way your groceries are packed because the kids bagging here slam all your shizz together.  The order goes like so: eggs, bread, chips, soft things that should not be smashed on the bottom of the bag, followed by 20 pound bags of dog food, jugs of milk, and cases of soda.  If it ain't flattened and begging for mercy you clearly did not get your groceries at Woodman's fool!  This location is cleaner than the ones in Madison, but I think that's just a function of it's newness.  In conclusion I would just like to say that this Woodman's is so big you can see it from space.
5	So happy that they've opened this Woodmans!!! So convenient and it has almost everything you can think of at a very reasonable price. Plus the day that we went Bucky the badger was there and so was the Cheetos man giving out free bags of Cheetos. Very amazing experience with an awesome staff.
5	The new woodmans is the best thing since sliced bread.   I save  enough money to more than pay for the gas I use.  I also can find everything I need.  I end my shopping trip with a stop in the liquor dept.
5	The liquor store is amazing.  The best wine selection in Sun Prairie easily. Rock bottom prices too!
4	I've been here a whopping total of four times. It's a slightly larger and much newer Woodman's than any that I've ever been to.  It's on par with the confusing layout that Woodman's is known for. They have a nice selection of hard-to-find, packaged foods. Their deli area seems like it could be better. Any maybe it's just me, but their produce is always picked over by the time I get there. I've gone at all times of the day, morning, afternoon, and 2am. So maybe the next time I go I will dig a little more.Go with a list, because this place is big and there's plenty of things here that you don't need that you might add to your cart.I like that this place is open 24/7. They have a nice selection for more pharmacy-related items, so rather than finding a place that's open during the middle of the night I just stop here (and grab some munchies, too!)The liquor store is kind of its own entity. It has it's own entrance, own hours, and you have to pay for your booze there. I'll include it in this review, as it bumps the stars up to 4. You have to go to their liquor store.They get really busy in the afternoon, though. But they have ample self-checkout areas. And I love that they have ones for people who have a whole cart full. Having a self-checkout with its own conveyer belt brings out the kid in me. And once I see the total I'm thrust back into adulthood.
4	I Don't Always Shop for Groceries, But When I Do, I Prefer the Sun Prairie Woodman's.While Woodman's may not be the most interesting store in the world, the mew Sun Prairie store makes for a pleasant grocery shopping experience.  The store is clean, not as crowded as the Madison store and the prices are the best in town.Things I like:* Selection - International food, they got it.  Organic items, no problem Meat and dairy, the got you covered.  Beer and wine, hundreds if items to choose from.  Sherry Wine vinegar, OK, I had to go to a specialty store for that.  But 99.9% of the time, Woodman's has what I need.* Price - While I'll pick up sale items at Copps and Piggly Wiggly, the everyday prices at Woodman's are generally lower by 10 to 25%.* Speedy oil changes - Unlike the East Side store where you have to wait for 30 minutes before you can get in for an oil change, I've never had to wait at the Sun Prairie location.  The staff is pleasant and efficient and the waiting area is spotless.* It's not crazy busy - Unlike the dirty, crowded east side store, the Sun Prairie location is clean and relatively uncrowded, even on weekends.  The checkout lines rarely are more than two deep and the cashiers are lightning fast.Things I don't:* Produce quality - While Woodman's offers a large variety of produce items, the quality is really hit or miss.  If you are super selective and look at each item closely, you can come away with decent produce, but it takes a lot of effort.* Deli - The selection at the deli counter is not greatest.* Bakery - The quality of bread and doughnuts isn't very good.  * No credit cards - I know, no credit cards means lower prices, but it sucks when you are in the check-out line and realize you left your ATM card at home.
3	I went to the liquior store last night to pick up a few Coronas. Everything was fine until check out. There was only one clerk on and the self service area was not working. What should have been a 5 minute in and out took almost 20.
5	Love. + Huge, well lit, very clean+ Wide aisles+ Plenty of checkout lanes+ Great parking+ Awesome selection of natural/organic goods- Produce is still iffy compared to other places, but better than the Milwaukee St locationBut the single biggest reason for 5-stars:++++++ With the exception of the produce department area, THE FLOORING IS SMOOTH CONCRETE. Ahh. Silence and no rattling shopping cart.
5	I came to Woodman's two weeks ago as I was in Sun Prairie and heard a lot about the store from my boss, she was raving about it even comparing it to the infamous Jungle Jim's in my hometown Cincinnati, OH. This store is huge and has about everything, the prices are very good, I bought a 5lb bag of grapefruit for 2.49 whereas Walmart was selling the same bag for almost $5. The employees I interacted with were really nice and let me know if I had any questions to ask. Plenty of parking, wide aisles, hard to find foods makes Woodman's my go to market.
4	I don't much like going to Woodman's. They have an insanely large selection, and that is kind of my problem with the place. I am not able to get in there and get out in a reasonable amount of time.But I gave the fourth star for the liquor department. It's big, too, but in a very good way (their hard cider selection made me happy). The people behind the counter are always very friendly (the real happiest place on earth?), and it isn't hard to get a good parking spot near the door.
4	By far the best Woodman's in the Madison area. Produces are fresh, prices are reasonable, easier to get through isles, seems larger than the other Woodmans tough I am not 100% certain, more parking spaces and cleaner facility compared to the other locations. What I like most about this Woodmans is they sell the SeaPak popcorn shrimp and typically have the coupons for them handing on the freezer doors. I've gone to the Woodmans on Milwaukee Street and hardly ever see the same deals. Though I currently live in the east side of Madison, I drive to this location to grocery shop weekly. I've shopped at Woodmans for years and cannot understand how people can grocery stop at places like Copps when they are so expensive. Compare prices from Copps and Woodmans and you'll quickly learn how Copps robs people. This seems to go against the name... Copps. OK. Bad joke but I am serious about the price comparison. Great Woodmans. Will continue to be a customer as long as I live in Madison. I soon will be moving to Fitburg but have already told myself I will make the drive out to Sun Prairie to grocery shop here. Plus, they are employee owned!
