5	Super reliable and quick service. "Dee" really goes above and beyond and I have appreciated his service a handful of times now at my restaurant. He not only takes care of what needs to be done when he's here, but he will even wonder how it's going after he leaves and call to follow up. No overcharging here either! A genuine and honest guy who I will continue to use for my small repairs as long as he lets me drive him crazy with my phone calls! :)
5	When I got home one day after work, I found out my fridge full of food was not working. I immediately started looking around for an appliance repair company, hoping I can still get a hold of someone before 6pm. Thank GOD I found Del Tech. They came over within an hour and quickly fixed my fridge. The tech was nice and professional.  He also taught me some maintenance tips that I can perform at home.
5	Sometimes it's hard to choose a repair company because people who aren't knowledgeable about mechanics are afraid of choosing the wrong company. You don't have to worry about any of that with this company. The technician who came to our house to fix our refrigerator was friendly, quick, came the same day we called, knowledgeable, and above all HONEST. He explained everything in easy to understand terms with no bull at all. The price was reasonable and the warranty on the work can't be beat. They called back the next day to check on how the fridge was working and if everything was ok. Also, they are all veterans. You can't really go wrong with this company.
5	Our refrigerator seals were burning hot and after looking online we saw that it was likely the fan. D called and asked a lot of questions I took for granted. What he was doing was diagnosing the problem as best he could so he had the best preparation of parts. D went the extra step when he saw that the replacement fan was not very good quality, he went and got another one.We were completely satisfied wit D and Del Tech Services. D was referred by a friend so we thought he would be good. He was very thorough. He arrived when he said he would and worked very cleanly.D gave some excellent advice when restarting our fridge if we move or disconnect it. He  was very respectful and professional.Thanks a lot. We would strongly recommend Del Tech Services. Thanks for your service to our country too.
5	When a tenant called me, telling me the refrigerator wasn't working, I looked online for a business to do the service for me. I found Del Tech, and gave them a call, explaining the situation. They were very friendly, and told me they could send a technician out to the tenant within an hour to get it all fixed up. I agreed and let my tenant know what was going on. Imagine my surprise when an hour and a half later the tenant called up letting me know the problem was all fixed, and they were impressed by the service the tech provided. Typically, when a tenant calls after a repair, they don't have something nice to say, so this was an amazing surprise. If any of my tenants have issues in the future, I'll be calling them!
5	Had a great experience with this company. "D" did a great job fixing my fridge. It was not cooling and he showed up about 2 hours after I called on Saturday. Really impressed by that when other appliance repair people want to schedule you 2-3 days out. Prices were very reasonable and I never felt pressured. Would definitely use in the future and would absolutely recommend.
5	DelTech was recommended by a neighbor and I am very glad he did, His professionalism was above reproach and he explained what needed to be done along with a quote.....which was very accurate.He had to return due to some other part not working and again provide his expertise ensuring that the repair was complete before leaving.Being an snowbird only down in Arizona for the winter months I am always wary of people not been as honest as they should be, this is not the case with DelTech who I highly recommend and will us again.
