5	I have used this landscape company on over 30 properties.  They always do a great job and come in under budget.
5	Great family owned business that works so hard for their customers. They service our home in chandler. landscaping every 2 week and I am very satisfied!  Katrina the owner, is very friendly and down to earth. hands on from selecting design and even works with crew sometimes. She is always just a call away questions and problem solved!
5	Great family owned business. We have been using their landscaping services for years. Quick to schedule- with prompt service and they work very hard and do a great job! Very reasonable rates too.
5	Ontiveros is an amazing family owned landscaping business. They pride themselves on reliability and customer service. Most of all fair pricing. I value their service and most grateful for having them as my landscaper.
5	I have been using the family owned business for over 7 years and continue to get extraordinary service!  They were a referral from a friend and did not disappoint landscaping my empty yard or for 5 years with regular service.  I have referred them out and everyone was more than pleased.  Now I'm in a rental and they continue to go above and beyond with care, more than fair pricing, quality work and trustworthy crews.  Katrina is fabulous to work with and her husband Himey does miracle fixes!  You can go wrong supporting this local, family owned business who works hard, backs up their quality and cares about their customers.  I highly recommend!
5	Katrina was awesome!  She was so helpful and listened to what we wanted. Great with attention to detail, affordable quotes and finished everything in a timely manner. She is very knowledgable on plants, trees and what would work best for our yard. I would highly recommend this company!! Having issues with landscapers in the past that over charge and cut corners, I am happy to say that I have found a hard working and honest small business that really cares about people and the work they do. They will continue to maintain our landscaping for years to come.
5	We loved working with Ontiveros Curb and Landscape!  It is a great family business and they know what they are doing.  We had additional grass put in along with curbing throughout the yard and I was amazed the quality of the work, how quickly/efficiently they worked, and their very fair pricing.  Katrina was friendly, knowledgeable, and has great input/advice. We are about to use them for another back yard project!
5	In life you make a lot of mistakes... you take gambles on individuals to do a job correctly. A lot of times these companies do not live up to their expectations they just want a pay check.Katrina and crew are the exceptions. Katrina and her husband are honest people who really do care about their work and untimely making you happy. I am happy we have a useful tool like yelp to apply people like them. If you do not call these people to work on your landscaping needs, then you are making a mistake. Thank you Katrina and crew for redoing my lawn and doing it correctly.
