1	Please note: i am rating the MINI GOLF COURSE at the Leatherman Golf Learning Center and this review in no way has anything to do with this place as a golf learning institute.The highlight of the course was that every hole did in fact have a hole to shoot for and that's how it got at least one star. Rather than talk this out, i may have to bullet point my thoughts:-the turfs were torn up-none of the water traps were filled with water, although one of the holes was indeed waterlogged -one of the lights on the course had been smashed out, with the glass shards still just lying around it-some of the hole designs made no sense-no windmills or laughing clowns (not a real complaint)Now, i (just like any other reasonably decent human being) have nothing against making everything handicap accessible, however, when it comes to mini golf, there has to be a better system then simply removing two of the brick pieces from the walls of each hole. i am only assuming that is the reason that every hole had two equidistant holes in the walls. Does it count as a one stroke penalty if your ball goes through the handicap exit? Mini golf courses need walls.i can imagine that in it's prime, this course was not too shabby, but these days it's nothing but shabby. However, i do recommend the driving range. There is a coupon in the Entertainment Book for a free bucket of balls when you buy one, so that was fun. Not being an actual golfer, i don't know if there is a way to make a driving range bad? Maybe if there was a wall in front of you that sent the balls right back?
4	So far one of the roomiest driving ranges I've experienced since moving to CLT and it has great location being right off Tryon. Also, you can hit off the grass which is key for my practice shots instead of ruining my back yard. :)I have to agree with Sam P.,not shure what they were thinking with the mini golf course, I wouldn't go here for that purpose.
4	It has been way too long since I have been out to a driving range. As I drove up to Leatherman's, I was surprised to see how large it is. There is a two level driving range with two areas (one on either side) reserved for instructions. There are two putting ranges as well. The putt-putt course is nothing to talk about. We bought a large bucket of balls ($15) and it had approximately 105 in it. You dump the balls in this area where you'll hit from and it automatically saves you from having to tee up each time. Auto-teer. Nice!Great place! Close to Renaissance Park and golf course. I'll be back! You can also buy a bucket of beers, if you like to drink and "drive."
3	*NOTE* This review is for Leatherman's mini golf. Wait.  Where are the giant gorillas or the neon pink windmills at this mini golf course? Ok, I get it, Leatherman is primarily for the driving range and learning center, so for that, I'll give the mini golf  facilities a free pass for it's lack of funky animal statues. What I don't give a pass for, is the inconsistent carpeting which is peeling in some areas, and the lack of interesting holes.  The peeling carpet gets in the way of the game sometimes, and some holes have no embellishments at all, they're pretty plain and un-memorable. (Our fave was one hole with three tubes and several levels...now THAT's what I think of when I think mini golf!)The game is only $6.50 so for that I won't complain-- and my friends and I had a good time.
5	Want to learn how to play golf? This is the place.I started last summer with the 101 lesson with Chris Leatherman, who is a great instructor for a beginner like me, or people who have been playing casually like some other people in the class.Classes are very intimate, only 4-8 people per group, and very moderately priced. One-on-one lessons are also available, as well as intermediate and all-women classes.The people who work there are laid-back and accommodating. I'm on a first name and joking basis with all of them, as they just tend to put you at ease, give you the occasional tip, or just shoot the breeze. The driving range is great. Options range from private booths for both lefties and righties, off the group, and also up on the deck. The chipping range is large, and has a sand pit to practice out of. There are also two large and well-kept putting greens. En short, schedule some lessons, grab a bucket of beers and enjoy the range and good conversation. The place is open late with good lighting, in a convenient location.
3	I'm a really bad golfer. To be completely honest, I have very little interest in the sport. I'm impatient, I have little desire to ever become a better golfer. Now that we're clear, let me tell you a little bit about Leatherman. Driving Range: Plenty of space both semi-private and out in the open. You can choose to drive from the deck area or downstairs. Markers are clear and the grounds are kept pretty clean. There's also an automatic ball set up system on some of the tees. Sweet! It's worth noting that the private-ish enclosures are great for horrendous "golfers" like myself. Mini Golf: I haven't played mini golf here, but just from perusing the course it looks a bit sad. There's not a lot of jazz going on here.  So, while I'm not a golfer, Leatherman provides the goods to those who are and those who want to be!
5	I really like this place.Started hitting the golf range again to get ready for my big Sin City Cup in August at Las Vegas.  I thought they were a good golf range because not only do they have the awesome automatic tee-setter-up'er, but you can play off fake turf or real grass if you like. On a nice warm day, nothing beats hitting a few golf balls on the range.  Staff is friendly and I haven't had to wait for a station because they have so many damn stations for people to play from.  Also, a nice place to grab a bucket of suds with a buddy and hit golf balls.  I'd invite the sig-fig to the driving range, except that (1) golf is my safe haven from watching Gossip Girls & other inane female shows, and from spending the day shopping; and (2) won't invite the sig-fig bc I ain't got one.  A Woman Like You is a good songI guess, it helps, that I can crush a golf ball infy yards. JK :( dmo out.
2	I actually really like Leatherman's for the driving range aspect. I have never been mini golfing there or done the actual golf course but have been to use the driving range multiple times. I really like how they have multiple options for where you are able to hit from. There are some spots on the top deck so you get more sun, that is if you are into getting awkard tans :). There are also spots underneat that deck and some spots to the side that are not covered. On the top of the deck and underneath the deck, there is an automatic ball dispenser that gives you a new ball after you hit it off the mat and then you can also choose which height you would like to ball to be. The top deck has some tables with umbrellas so when you are done, or if you want to take a break, you can enjoy some water or a beer with friends. There are also a few places to practice your putting..which I know I need help on! All good things being said - below is why I will not rate this place with 5 stars.The customer service is ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE in all of my experiences. Today i went in to buy some balls and 5 of them were just sitting around not doing anything. The guy who rang me up had one word answers for me and seemed like I was interrupting his day, when really i was just trying to buy balls and have him do his job. I asked if they had water and all he said was yes. Did not consider that telling me where said water would be would be helpful.I also purchased a living social to get golfing lessons. I called and made an appt for 6:30 so I got there on time. My instructor did not show up until 7:15. Every time i went in to ask them where she was, they would say, 'She will come find you when she is done'. Why bother even making an appointment?! Its not even like they went and tried to find her. Again, they were all sitting behind the counter not doing anything.Once another nice golfing center opens close to me that I like, I will never come back to leathermans simply because of the management/customer service. They really need to realize that sitting behind the counter acting like customers are a nuisance is not the best idea.
3	Revisited Leatherman for the driving range and found it to be alright for using the driving range. Thankfully they still offer a BOGO bucket of balls in the Entertainment Book, so we ventured back. i steered clear of the mini golf course so i couldn't tell you if that has improved any. But 2 buckets of balls for the price of one, that's a-ok.
5	This is by far the best that Charlotte offers.This place is huge, clean, and well thought out.  There is a lower deck, an upper deck, and two wings for the driving range.  The decks are outfitted with autotee systems which are fantastic.  Plop the bag down, grab a bucket of balls, then head in to grab a couple beers for the round.  For me, this is a great after work activity.  Join their email club and you can get deals on prepaid buckets.  It pays off.  The staff is friendly, the shop is as nice as a course pro-shop, and the overall business is just a high standard.  Very pleased thus far!If you have someone with you and they aren't wanting to hit, there is a putting area as well as putt putt!
2	Driving range is good, balls fair, but customer service is very poor.  Don't waste your time with their "certified club fitter".  He's average at best, about what you'd expect at a retail store, but he clearly is not customer oriented.  Kind of get the feeling he has better things to do than help you.  I won't be back.
4	I am probably not the best person to be reviewing this as this was my first time ever at a driving range. It seemed really nice and it was easy to get a basket of balls and find a spot even on a beautiful day when it was packed.  While my golf skills were not what I had hoped, I will definately be going back.
5	Nice place! Great place to get your swings down.Place - a nice place that has a lot of individual lots for your driving needs. I love how they have those automatic tee balls that comes up from underneath the ground. It saves so much time from planting your tee and placing your golfball on top. It's been so long since I have been to a driving range -- and I was in awe. Service - inside, they were kind. If you order your golfballs, you can add beer to your order. Great place for many golfers and non golfers. We have been here twice, both on great sunny, yet cool breezy days. It was terrific! Price - it was decent, for 140 balls/swings $15 extra large bucket, seemed worth it. Got myself a a good quality baseball cap that is breathable for $15.99, Nike Boston RedSox! Winner!
4	Spoiler: I don't golf.I've been to Leatherman's twice recently, once to play at the driving range and once to play miniature golf.  They have a decent selection of clubs that you can borrow if you're like me and have nothing related to golf.  The pro shop looks pretty cool and the people were nice when I was in buying a bucket.Now the fun stuff, miniature golf.  This isn't one of those courses with giant animals & cheesy holes, but its a well maintained 18-hole course with a few sneaky holes.  Adults are $7.00 and it is pretty challenging - I got nowhere near par, but it definitely was fun!
5	One of my favorite places in Charlotte. Finally brought my clubs down from DC a few months ago. I've been to Leatherman 4x since. I love it. It's clean, has an upper and lower deck and a terrific clubhouse with a great selection of gear and refreshments (BEER!). The staff is really friendly too.The prices are good too. And once you dump the balls in you'll never have to bend down and place them on the tee. You can even electronically adjust the height of the tee.It's a fun place. The only downside is that it can get pretty crowded due to it's awesomeness, so be prepared to wait on a nice day.Check it out. Thank me later!
