5	This place is fabulous! The herbal pedicures are to die for. The staff is always super friendly and it is such a quiet and calm atmosphere.
5	I love this place.  The first time I went, I had my mom and my sister with me.  We all got pedicures and by far the best foot massages I've had at any of these nail places.  The thing that really impresses me the most is that after only one visit... the next time I came in- they greeted me by my name. How often does that happen?  Hello, customer service- welcome back.  It's husband and wife owned and operated and they are as nice as can be. Love it here.  Great atmosphere, friendly, good service, affordable.  You won't be disappointed.
4	After visiting many hole in the wall nail spas, I find this place to be a great hidden gem in Tempe.  I love going there when I'm in dire need of a mani-pedi.  And yes, I too, was shocked that they remembered my name when I walked in the door on my second visit as well as all the other times I've gone.  A place like that will get my money as long as they continue to have good service of course.  Besides that, I think it carries the same vibe and ambiance as other nail spas. Nothing fancy, just better customer service. And these days, that goes a long way.
2	This place was mediocre. The people were nice enough, but I'm not going back here.Tip: BRING YOUR OWN NAIL POLISH! Their selection is WEAK. They have so few polish colours to choose from, that it's not worth it to go unless you bring your own.I asked for a mani-pedi, which I got. Their massage chairs were nice, but I went through my entire pedicure waiting for the extra stuff I asked for (I had asked for their "best" pedicure off the menu) and it never came! FINALLY, I asked about it and he said that he "forgot" and thought I wanted a different package. I was pretty clear with what I wanted but I guess he didn't think so. Basically I paid and left. If I were them, I would have offered a discount on my next pedicure, seeing as I didn't get what I wanted this time, but whatever. I'm trying Jeniza next time, I've heard good things.
2	Ok, So like every girl I like my Nails Did and so I usually have my usual nail lady (For a reason) Ladies you all know Once  you find her KEEP her...don't cheat..like I did..Let's get to the Good stuff, It was the day before  4th of July, my nails needed to be re done, BAD... wanted to look you know, Good for the holiday.Ok so finally after going to three different salons (in PHX near my work) that by the way were Jammed packed, I decided to go to one near me (TMP) aaand just so you all know I read reviews, before I buy, or try anything!!!! Just saying...I wanted to try and see for myself...The Good?? They had working A/C, It was not packed, and the atmosphere was relaxing..quiet. So Anyway at this point I was like JUST GET ME A GEL Manicure!!! I forgot to ask for colors they had...the price for their Mani..(usually pay $25) and...yeah...so it went like this..I sat down, tired..hot...the nice man sits in his chair...files my nails SHORT  with a USED square file thingy...ew..(grrrr..btw Im trying to grow my nails....sir) then finally finishes and I then asked for Colors...I wanted Hot Pink..for the Summer..you think he had it? NOPE. I had to pick this ugly pink..(no Color Variety) then he only applied two thin coats!!! Like whaatttt??? (Oh it gets BETTER) It was finally done...he had been going back and forth with another customer..so I felt unattended at times..but he did ok and finished in a timely matter I guess...So I get up to Pay and Guess what...Lady was like "$35.00 Dollah" O_o I was like "$35.00?!!" ...she asked "Would you like for me to charge $35.00 Even?" I was like...(in my head) "Really? did you want a tip and some ice-cream with that too?!!! LOL Oh wow...if I knew it was gonna cost me that I would of been like I need two more Coats of Polish please!!!! I was Dissappointed....What a waste of $...Never Again.
5	This is the best place for a mani-pedi. The staff is always super friendly and take their time for each customer. This was only my second time coming here and they remembered me. Customer service is hard to come by but Pleasant Nails delivers!
5	Great service, nice people! :)
5	This is my all time favorite salon!!! Crazy thing is... I moved in right down the street four years ago. I was living back in Tempe after living on the far other side of town for FOUR years, I tried the salon because it was close and looked nice.  While I was getting my pedicure the lady kept asking me if I had been there before, she insisted I had.... I insisted I had not! Finally, it comes up that they used to be at a different location.... And then it clicked! In my early twenties I was literally addicted to pedicures, then I moved away... They remembered me from four years back! Amazing!!! You just don't see many husband and wife businesses anymore these days!  Yes, as other reviews have said... Maybe other locations get you with the flash of the crazy patterned toes, but I go for class, the customer service... And the AWESOME massage! It is wonderful to see them through their growing business, growing family... And they know my Bf and I like we are neighbors! I love this place!
4	Chad and his wife are both knowledgeable nail technicians. Friendly, helpful, and I've been pleased with the pedicures and the gel nail polish. My gel did chip off, but only after a week and half! Longest lasting gel manicure I've had - it didn't peel off in the first 5 days.Their business is clean and tastefully decorated...ask for the ASU student discount! :)
