4	I respect what the folks in uniform do for the community and oftentimes it goes without any gratitude from us.  The Highway Patrol have to deal with accidents and people who are pissed off about getting a ticket.....in other words, there's no real upside to this job, unless you really enjoy serving the community.  I appreciate them keeping our highways safe!Kudos to the Men & Women in Blue, this review is for you!PS - Only 4 Stars because of all of the tickets you gave me.....I know, I deserved it.  :)
3	Honest review time.Please note, that I have no tickets on my record before reading this review. Like most jobs, there are good employees, and bad employees, and employees that shouldn't be left alone watching the milkshake machine, Nevada Highway Patrol is like every other place out there. But they are paid to enforce the laws. Which is why it upsets me greatly to see a great deal of them driving like idiots, texting while driving, and paying no great attention to the traffic laws they are paid to enforce! I know they are exempt from the texting law, but their is no reason at all that a NHP officer while driving, should be texting on his blackberry. Those white signs that say "Turn on your headlights" yes, that means you as well. When doing a crossover on the interstate, you aren't one of the Duke Boys, use your signals to alert people that you are turning off the interstate and return to the slow lane until you are at speed.  It's basic driving 101 people. The final straw was when an officer almost rear ended me on the interstate because he was too busy staring at his Blackberry, or his navel and not paying attention to driving. It's not a good feeling to check your mirror and see that the officer's eyes aren't looking at you, but down and he is increasing speed.Then there are the good officers, which don't get the respect they should, because a group of bad apples are spoiling the whole bushel.
1	Hire more troopers and have them stop all these Honda Civic's BMW's Mercedes Benz's Maserati's and Nissan GTR's going 130-170 mph on the 15 freeway US 95 freeway 215 freeway and St.. Rose pkwy. Stop harassing people for going 45 or 50 in a 35 with no school zones.
