5	I have been eagerly awaiting the opening of Hello Bistro, and I was thrilled when I found out I would have time to head over for the trendy restaurant's first day.  As I walked in, I was blown away by the hipness and modernness of the decor.  The front facade has giant garage windows that open up to the outside on a bright, sunny day like the opening happened to be.  The manager greeted us with menus and a smiling face as we proceeded to gaze over the vast variety of FREE endless toppings.The worker kindly helped me build my salad and told me what some of the unknown items were that I was gazing over.  After successfully building my ginormous salad, I decided on Citrus Lime Vinaigrette, which was one of the many dressing they have to offer.  The way they prepared the salads and then chop them up right in front of you really creates an intimate experience.  On a side note, the fountain drinks are Boylan Vintage Sodas, and they are extremely delicious!My salad was all that I hoped it to be.  I cannot believe I received a huge shrimp salad with as many toppings as I wanted including a variety of cheese for all $9.00.  Not to mention, I finished my meal up with a yummy milkshake that made my stomach very happy.  I cannot wait to come back!
1	First let me say they opened last week so I understand there may be some kinks to work out but it was pretty bad. From the first moments inside we felt a sense confusion and of being rushed.  I ordered a burger, fries and a side salad and told to go to the dressing station and someone will get you the dressing of your choice along with an order number to put on the table.  I waited in line for 10 minutes at the dressing station before interrupting someone to get my dressing (my meal was delivered to me while waiting in line).  The place was packed and we waited another 10 minutes for a table to clear. You could see many unhappy faces from the customers but the staff was remarkably upbeat. The food: Their marketing reads "Yes, we've been flippin' burgers since 1949 - you don't do something for that long without getting preeeetty good at it.".  The burger tasted like a processed frozen burger from a cafeteria, it was bland & spongy. The salad was nice but the red wine vinaigrette tasted like something out of a bottle.  Not what I was expecting.  If you're looking for good burgers, walk a bit further and go to 5 guys.  If you like salads they have a great selection but I suspect the dressings are pretty much off the shelf. Someone that I had lunch with told me said the food is straight from Eat and Park so if that's your taste you might like it.
4	Stopped in for a burger to-go. Staff were friendly and ordering process was super easy. I ordered the bistro burger and it took about 10 minutes for it to be brought out to me, which is fair for freshly made food. It was interesting that despite the to-go order, they gave me a number and told me to sit down at a table. Fortunately there were empty seats but I can imagine this might be tough if it's packed. The bistro burger was tasty, but the salt&pepper crust on the burger was way too salty. Maybe it was just a mistake on my burger, but they shouldn't be severely over salting burgers. Nonetheless, Hello Bistro will get another hello from me pretty soon to give them another chance. The build-your-own-salads are worth a shot. Update: I went back to try the salad. I got to customize what I had it in and that's fun. After choosing everything, the salad is "chopped", mixed, and dressed by a chopper. I thought the personal service was really great. I got the feeling that the staff were genuinely interested in making the best salad for you. I ate the salad until I was full and had enough leftover so that by adding some lettuce, I had another lunch. I'm looking forward to saying Hello again to this place.
5	Awesome salads and burgers.  Different from any other restaurant in the area!  Very friendly staff!
4	This new restaurant  seems very promising. The staff is very friendly, and greats every patron as they enter. They really live up to the name, Hello Bistro." Most importantly, the food is very good, especially for the price. While the immense fresh full service salad bar seemed enticing, I opted for the Bistro Burger.  The burger came quickly after I ordered it  the patty itself was thin, think Five Guys style, but was flavorful and tender.  The toppings were very fresh and crisp; I think they came from the salad bar  All in all, the burger was well built and tasty.  Sadly the fries, while fresh and hot, seemed rather dry and didn't match the quality of the burger.  Luckily, my thirst was quenched by Boylan specialty sodas, including cane cola and Birch Beer.  The facility itself has an open and clean feel, which is impressive due to it's location.
4	Pittsburgh is only about 10 years behind the "create your own salad" grab and go places, but leave it to Eat n' Park to perfect it in the city!It's pure chaos in here!  Slightly organized chaos, but chaos none-the-less.  It's not the well oiled machine I imagine it will be, but I think that's why they opened up during the summer "off" months when Pitt's not in session.  I think the work crowd is a good test though, because it was still packed around 1:15pm.  I ordered the Caribbean Shrimp which had mixed Greens, shrimp, avocado, black beans, corn, tortilla strips with citrus lime vinaigrette dressing.  I loved that you can get it chopped up into smaller pieces, they'll toss it in a big bowl with the dressing.  My godsend, they ask you if you want heavy dressing!!!  Yes, please!!!  It was a great salad and far from boring.  The dressing really made the salad, that and the ample amount of ingredients.   The real clincher was the, wait for it, BOYLAN SODA MACHINE!!!!!!!!  Dear God I love Boylan Cream Soda!  I had to stop myself from going up 10x.  Completely unique and a fantastic addition to an already stand out place.  I joked to my friend I probably won't be back until next summer since it will most definitely be jam packed with students once schools in session.  But maybe I can squeeze in a little visit during fall break.  I don't think I can wait that long to come back!
4	I'm SO glad this place opened in Oakland.  There aren't many places to get a great salad, and the existing choices prior to Hello were $$$$.  The only strike I have against this place is that they are too busy for the staff that will fit behind the counter, but I guess you really can't fault them for that.  The manager was chopping my salad and admitted they were NOT prepared for how busy they've been--not sure why, as Pitt's medical, nursing, and public health schools are all right around the corner--not to mention the three large hospitals!  There are some health-minded people that have been deprived of health restaurant choices for quite some time...Anyway, the food.  I did the "create your own" salad, where someone walks you through the bar and adds veggies, cheeses, and proteins at your instruction.  They then add a dressing, mix it all up, chop it, and fill a to-go container.  Bonus points for the "vintage" Boylan's soda fountain--YUM!I know I'll be back to Hello Bistro quite often once fall semester starts.
4	I had the Bistro Burger with a side order of french fries. The burger was brought out to my table and I found it be simple, but delicious. The fries were hot and had a nice salt & pepper seasoning.Although I did not try the salad, it looked great -- a ton of options, friendly staff to help you with your selections. Once you pick everything, they chop it and give you dressing. The salad was what I thought to be a big portion, much bigger than Panera and customized to what you want.This is a great concept. I'm sure the place will do well. I'm told at lunch the line is already out the door and its not even the school year yet...Its also nice how they have garage style doors at the front to keep a nice breeze coming through and leave the place feeling more open.
2	Don't believe the hype.  This place is a joke.  Ambiance bad, restaurant acoustics are bad which makes it loud(!), not enough seating, food just so/so, EXPENSIVE(!) for what you get, etc.  I think people's reviews on here are maybe skewed just by having a new place to go.  I think the salad bar idea is good however the fact that a server/employee has to put the toppings on for you is silly.  It made me not want to get a salad.  I believe when the novelty wears off people will realize that this place is only so-so.
4	I really like the concept of Hello Bistro and the location is great. I stopped by for dinner on the late side - around 8pm - and it was pretty much empty. I was hungry so I settled on the Bistro burger and shared some fries. The burger was a bit too well done for me (I do like a little pink) but the fries - yes!! Fantastic and then you dip them into the ranch sauce.
4	Who has two thumbs, wants a salad with every topping under the sun, likes'em big and has $9?  This girl.Sometimes I miss my college days in Oakland.  Football games, skipping class, laying on the Cathedral lawn, eating at Hello Bistro...  NOT.  Had Hello Bistro opened in Oakland during my tenure there I most certainly would've stayed ANOTHER seven years in college.  It's SOOO delicious.  I ordered a make-your-own type of salad and bellied up to the salad bar to have one of Hello's salad artists create my concoction.  Starting with romaine I'm pretty sure I used at LEAST 40 of the 50 or so toppings available.  From three types of olives, wasabi peas and crisp granny smith apples, I was in some serious salad heaven.  Then, they took me and my monstrous salad to the chopping block where they chopped it up to my size specification: "small bites, big bites, or somewhere in between?"  Somewhere in between - oh yeah. Amazing.  I eat salads all the time. I have NEVER left a single shred of lettuce behind, yet this was one exception. The thing was just too big.  It probably didn't help that I noshed a bit on the delightfully-spiced French fries that accompanied my guest's Chunky Monkey Peanut Butter and *I want this in my face* Jelly sandwich.  Mmmm, mmm, mmm.  I can't wait to go back and try every last item on that mouth-watering menu.  And did I mention that they serve Boylan's soda, the greatest soda pop to ever grace the planet?!  HELLO!
4	I really enjoyed the salad that I got at Hello Bistro today--the ingredients were nice and fresh and there were tons of options to add to your salad.  It's a nice addition to the Oakland area lunch options, and I think it was pretty reasonably priced for the size of the salads.  I also was a big fan of the Boylan Soda machine--it's nice to have different selections for fountain drinks.The only complaint I have was how crowded it seemed to be--like there were too many people working all at once.  It was also hard for the staff to hear you as you ordered things to put in the salad, but I ended up with everything on my salad that I wanted--so I can't complain too much, but I can imagine this problem only getting worse when all the students return to both Pitt and CMU.
4	I was skeptical of this place because I'm not Eat N Park's biggest fan, but the Partner In Cuisine and I were pleasantly surprised when we decided to saunter down to the Hello Bistro one warm Summer evening.I usually try to avoid making lists like these, but rather than write 5 paragraphs, I thought I'd give you the breakdown. Good:Fresh ingredients.You can get any salad combination you can think of.  Eat there every day and you never have to eat the same thing twice.Boylan Soda on fountan!  All you can drink!  Yes, you read me correctly.  Not Pepsi...Not Coke.  Boylan.  Amazing.The fries are a little soggy, but overall tasty.Friendly staff (so far anyway - the place is too new for the employees to become jaded and miserable yet).They actually serve beer and wine - that's nice, but I'm not sure that it was necessary.The chalkboard wall is a fun concept.Not so good:Cold proteins.  Some people like chilled chicken and other meats on their salads so this might not be as much of an issue, but I prefer my chicken to be warmed up so it will melt the cheese just slightly.The lunch rush is CRAZY and school hasn't even started yet.  I'd hate to see how busy this place will get on a weekday afternoon once the college kids return.Final verdict:The PIC and I will definitely be back for an early dinner perhaps, but we will definitely avoid lunching there on weekdays.
4	I have to start off by saying that I LIVE for build your own salads. So I had nothing but pure delight when I heard about this place and their salad options! I finally made my first visit last night and I was as happy as a clam! Yes, the salad bar is slight disorganized, but the yumminess of the salad but up for any confusion I had in the salad line! The apple cider vinaigrette is my new favorite dressing. :) One of the people I was with got the American Grill Burger ( an Eat n Park favorite of mine) and it looked extra good! I personally can't wait to go back and take other people!! :)
2	Another concept restaurant by the Eat n' Park group (see Porch). However, the latter is good and HB is bad. The sandwiches are small, overpriced, and dry. The salad bar, while boasting an impressive 55 items is: 1. not self-service, 2. not particularly inspired, and 3. tastes like the stuff you'd get at a regular, crappy Eat n' Park salad bar. The only real Pro is the Boylan's soda fountain but it hardly justifies regular patronage.
4	Hello! was the friendly greeting as we entered.  Here's how this works:  you pick up a menu as you walk in the door, you can order a salad or burger on the menu or create your own.  There are over 50 salad toppings.  So much to chose from!  The salad is huge!  My partner in eating ordered one of the specialty salads.  You then watch them mix the salad and cut/chop the mixed greens; your choice of small, medium or large chunks.  Then they add the dressing of your choice.  Or you can get a Flippin burger.   With the burger order they give you a number to set on the table you select and when complete, the kitchen brings it to you.Delicious burger (had the Over-Easy, Burger + Cheddar Cheese + Bacon + Over-Easy Egg = That's All Yolks!} and good fries!Love the Boylan's Vintage Soda Pop machine, too!   HB has a few beers and wines available.  HB does have a few grille Sam'iches, Soup and Breakfast.
4	Finally a breath of fresh air in Oakland! Great for college students because of both the value and quality of the food.  For a set price, plus additional charges for meat, you can get a delectable salad with endless ad ins.  They customize the salad even down to the size you want your bites to be.  Definitely a must-try in Oakland, there is nothing else like it!
3	Went here for lunch on a weekday and this place was PACKED.  While the set up is kind of confusing, the staff will gladly help you along if you look bewildered (like I surely did).  I got the Crunchy Apple Almond salad.  It was OK.  I like the build your own salad concept, but thought that the ingredients in this salad just werent special.  The chicken was a little too similar to what you'd find on a salad at Wendy's.  Average salad, although next time I'll be sure to build my own and get wild.  Serves me right for playing it safe my first time.I also got a cup of the Tomato Basil soup.  It was just OK as well.  Very tomatoey with almost no basil flavor.  So, a mediocre lunch place would be fine with me, although I felt that the items were overpriced.  My lunch came to over $12, without a drink.  If I'm spending that much I'll forgo the so-so ingredients of Hello Bistro and stick with Oishii Bento or Nellies.
4	Imagine an upscale Subway, but with salads.  Add a Boylan soda fountain and you've got the idea.  My salad was made to order, fresh and tasty.  My only gripes are that the steak I got was ICE COLD, too chunky and a bit fibrous (yuck).  My lunchmate had the "grilled" chicken and it had zero seasoning (yuck too).  There's enough variety to the rest of the fixins that you don't need the $2 "protein" so don't bother.  Oh, and there's no baby spinach (boo!).One major tip:  at the start, tell them to only fill the bowl with lettuce 3/4 of the way.  Otherwise, you'll run out of room for all the other "fixins" you'll want.  Oh, and the wonton chips, croutons, cranberries and sunflower seeds are at the end, just so you know.  Oh, and if you're a fan of cream soda, the Boylan fountain is something special.About my salad:  It was designed by me, down to the number of times it was tossed and chopped, so how could it ever not be great?  Of course, that's kind of the idea.
3	It's an entire enterprise centered on salads, customized and created right in front of you.  And that's enough alliteration for one review.The value proposition is VERY simple.  If you want a salad, and you want to have a lot of control over what goes into it chosen from a variety of options, then go here.  If you want anything else in the world, don't go here (they have other menu items, but nothing that can't be beat elsewhere).I will give a special mention of their beverage selection.  Pretty good unsweetened iced tea sits next to a fountain with multiple Boylan brand (whoops) sodas.  Better than your normal soft drink offerings.(Oh, and because you have to basically go down the counter with someone as he or she makes your salad, I think it would be a hard place to go with groups, since there will be substantial lag in between the times the first and last people receive their salads--though it's not as big a problem as it would be at other restaurants, since you don't have to worry about your salad getting cold.)
4	How do you go to this place and not go for the salad? Well, I did. And I'm glad I did. Lots of protein for vegetarians & vegans... lentils, beans, hard boiled eggs, chick peas, nuts, tofu... you get the idea. Chopping up & mixing the salad was the healthy icing on this healthy cake. I enjoyed the Boylan Vintage Soda Pop, a nice refreshing change. I also checked out the kids menu, with more then one veggie option for my veggie kid (PB&J, grilled cheese and a little salad).  Beware, it does get jammed packed so stay away from peak hours. I will, for sure, be back.
5	Great burgers, interesting fries (a bit too salty but delicious) and really good sodas! My friends have come here a few times now and it's definitely one of our usual dinner locations now.Today, I had to suffer through a really long wait for my food, which is unusual. Everyone had gotten their food but me, even though I ordered before some of them. Just as I started getting frustrated, a server ran over to me and refunded my order to apologize for the wait. That sort of courtesy gets my 5 stars!Edit: This was posted way after this was actually written. Written appx early October.
1	Bad experience! I would rather drink from the allegheny river than their coffee! Long wait, unprofessional staff and their oatmeal is sticky like chewing gum! Yuk! I would walk a but further to go to Pamelas diner!
2	This is really more of a 2 1/2 star rating, and I'm only rating the salads. I feel like I should give Hello Bistro more credit for being the only make-your-own salad place around, but that doesn't automatically mean that it's got quality, delicious food. Maybe I'm spoiled from four years of living in DC, where fresh, fast salad places like Sweetgreen and Chop't (not to mention other types of amazing, delicious fast-casual cuisine places like Shophouse, BGR, Good Stuff Eatery, etc) abound. I'm used to fresh, organic, local ingredients and house-made salad dressings for a reasonable price.Hello Bistro's produce, unfortunately, is all pretty sad-looking and tasteless. The tomatoes were pale pink and mealy, rather than red and juicy, and all the other veggies appear to come straight from a can and are floating in water. Sure, they've got a decent variety of ingredients, but they're all pretty poor in quality. Plus, what's up with the salad greens selection? I want some arugula or some baby spinach! I'm not a huge meat-eater so I didn't add any meat to my salad, but all of the meat options looked pretty lifeless. I do appreciate the unlimited number of veggie toppings and that cheese and a few meat selections are without an additional charge, though. This makes the pricing reasonable, but I expect higher quality ingredients from a $7 salad.I want someone to open a higher quality salad place in Oakland! I would go there all the time. Sweetgreen or Chop't would probably put Hello Bistro out of business, since there are other places to get burgers. It's times like these that I wish I spent all my time in Shadyside or something, but such is the life of a med student.
4	I really enjoy Hello Bistro. I could seriously live on soup & salad so I was definitely excited about this place opening. Some may say the salads are overpriced, I tend to disagree. I can't go to Whole Foods or the Co-Op without dropping $10-$15 so $8 isn't so unreasonable and with toppings such as hearts of palm, artichokes, beets, edamame, feta, sprouts, garbanzos, etc... you can't go wrong.My only complaint is that the salads are about 85% lettuce and they only put one scoop of each selected topping.
5	Cool place for lunch! You order whatever you want in your salad, which is huge by the way, and they chop it up all together in small/medium/large pieces (you get to choose). Decent prices and friendly service. They offer a lot of options to make your salad great. They also have sandwich and veggie burger options for the salad haters of the world. If I lived in Pittsburgh, I would definitely go to Hello Bistro frequently.
4	Cheap, fast, good: I'd recommend this place for a quick meal that's nicer than fast-food.  Hello Bistro's forte appears to be the make-your-own salad option where numerous options for salad toppings are present.  The value is also tremendous: lots of food for your buck.  I myself enjoyed the veggie burger and a side of fries which was solid.  I don't really like how they deliver the fries in a brown bag to your seat at the restaurant-seemed aesthetically weird to me as the bag was coated with grease that soaked through, but whatever-the grease laden fries tasted great.  I could see how this place would be excellent for a quick lunch.  Check it out if you're in Oakland.
4	The staff that work here are probably the most energetic, happiest people you will ever meet. They submit themselves to your every whim. Oh you want EXACTLY two artichoke hearts? You want every sauce as a side with no charge and labeled? You want more of that heart of palm? They did everything with a smile and more. The salad itself was just a salad, but it was in a container as large as my head (I have a pretty big head). I split the salad with a friend it was so big, and she loved the homemade ranch while I loved the Asian sesame sauce. But, we loved all the sauces!
2	While the staff was friendly, my take out order was wrong--only discovered after I was home. The fries were hot, but so soggy they were almost inedible. Not what I expected from a business affiliated with Eat n' Park.
4	Let me start with this - I love gigantic salads. They're delicious, healthy, and don't leave you with the sleepy food-coma feeling greasy foods do.Hello Bistro is one of my go-tos for dinner. It's a little pricey at ~$10 with meat, but it's not a bad deal if you stack the toppings. Plus, you get to make it any way you want, which is always a plus. And the staff always obliges if you ask for a little extra of a few things.Some friends have ordered the burgers and fries. They were so-so it seems. If you come here, I would definitely recommend the salad over everything else.
2	I work a couple of blocks from this restaurant.  A couple of weeks ago several of us ordered our usual salads. The fine chop we asked for had whole lettuce leaves.  My salad had the wrong dressing. There were several other items wrong or missing with our orders.We filled out comments on their web site, and they didn't even care enough to acknowledge any of the comments.  We had frequented this restaurant several times before, but none of us are going back!
4	I'm not an Eat 'n Park fan. I find the food in the same vein as a Denny's or Bob Evans (gag) and I find the contraction "eat'n" downright disrespectful to the English language. So when I first heard about Hello Bistro, I was skeptical, knowing they were part of the ENP family. I'm glad I gave it a try, because these salads are monstrous! For a flat $7 charge, you can create your own salad from seemingly endless toppings. I like that they offer tofu for the vegetarian crowd, but I've never felt the need to indulge after all of the other goodies I've selected. These salads are HUGE. I'm not sure how a person could finish one of these in one sitting. They just added quinoa to a long line of salad goodies which makes me happy. The standard fare are represented (carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes, etc), along with some less prevelant salad bar items. You will be prompted by one of the friendly staff about how you would like your salad chopped. Small bites? Medium? Larger bites? Just tossed? Who has even given this much thought to salads before!? Now for the crunchies. Sure, you could get croutons, but I like the pumpkin seeds, slivered almonds, fried onion straws and dried cranberries for some needed crunch and texture. Hello Bistro has 14 different dressings to choose from. To date I've tried only two, the Asian Sesame and citrus lime vinaigrette. It will be difficult for me to stray from the latter from here on out, it was amazing, and I don't really even like salad dressing. Seriously, what is with people and ranch dressing?? I haven't tried the veggie burger or other sandwiches. I probably won't. I really like the salads. It's a quick walk down to Hello Bistro from work, so the next time I'm craving a really big salad, I know where I'll be heading.
4	I'll say it now, I really want to come back here; I've only been here once, and when I walked in the entire cozy restaurant smelled like a greasy, meaty heaven. Alas, I could not try one of their appetizing looking sandwiches or get a big pile of fries, because I had already pigged out on pizza and beer earlier in the day - not unless I wanted to be up and sick as a dog all night. So I had to go the healthy route, and ordered a salad instead.Let it be known that Hello Bistro really must be good if I don't have any regrets or resentment since I more or less was required to eat salad for dinner - health reasons and whatnot always get in my way, it seems. But seriously, their Mediterranean salad is delicious. It's also enormous, but these guys have the sense to serve their giant salads in plastic bowls that just need a lid and are ready to go home with you. It's so simple, but I really like the fact that we didn't have to wait after eating to get another container and pack up my food. Really, my only complaint about my meal was that the salad had waaaay too many olives, but now I know better for future reference.Keeping me from giving the place 5 stars is the simple fact that I really don't find this place super exceptional; it's a great cheap-eats spot that's pretty darn popular because it's cheap-eats. But the food isn't the best thing ever. It IS, however, better than what you'll find in a lot of other Oakland cheap-eat spots, which is probably why so many students pop in here so often.On a final note, my friend definitely loved his sandwich as much as I enjoyed my salad, so next time, I'm planning ahead, not coming here after I eat too much in advance, and giving myself the chance to try some of what smelled so darn good when I walked in here.
4	I have been here on my last two trips to Pittsburgh. I am a big fan of the the BBQ Chicken Salad. Overall I love the concept and the toppings they have available. The price is also very reasonable for the size salad you get.
4	I love salads, but am always too lazy to get all the ingredients together!  Enter, Hello Bistro!They have a great selection of ingredients to try, so that you can create the salad of your dreams!!!  Seriously, you can customize just about any aspect.  Amount of dressing, how much they chop it, whatever you want!  (Tip: Ask for the dressing on the side, even if you chose light)Or they have several standard salads that you can also opt to order and save yourself the trouble of having to make any decisions.The staff is always friendly and quick.  The space is clean and spacious.  There's really not much you can complain about!
5	As you may be able to tell, by the line out the door at lunch, this place is darn good.  A small salad is the size of your head (dressing on the side please) and you can add 67 ingredients if you wish.  Oh, and beer, for the recalcitrant lunchers who want to add some OOMPH to their afternoon (or who want to be extra sleepy).  I haven't tried any sandwich yet - but the cobb salad is fantastic.  but, as referenced earlier, if you are not wanting to make a 400calorie salad into a 900 calorie stomach-bomb, ask for the dressing on the side.And maybe my tongue is blanched from years of diet coke abuse - but I am not digging the boylan's.  I find it to be too sweet.  the root beer is good for the first few sips, but it quickly overwhelms the tastbuds - or mine at least...
4	great salads. turkey burger not bad for being a frozen burger. I do wish they were fresh, like the salads.
3	Had a burger, it was decent, fries are freshly cut. The soda machine features a company that uses pure cane sugar with is a nice touch. The salads looked better than the burger - very big.
2	This is a really nice place salad place. You can get a pretty good variety of stuff just for $8. I used to go there regularly, until one fine day the realised they were running at a loss and decided to change the rules1. They reduced the size of the salad boxes - not too bad, it is still pretty big for me.2. This is the unstated rule that annoys me (and my friends) -  Half the box MUST be filled with lettuce. Now, when I told them I dont want lettuce (i dont LIKE lettuce), the senior guy (possibly the manager) goes into a long rant as to why they would lose money if it is not filled with lettuce. It would be useful if it is explicitly stated, so people like lettuce  dont go there. Why would anyone pay for something that they dont want to eat ?3. They started reducing normal serving sizes (presumably to save cost)- these days, I find myself repeating "some more, some more,some more...." soo many times !I wish they could revert back to the old 'Hello Bistro'.
4	This is definitely a great place for a salad. They do have a lot of options. I like that the grilled chicken is very simple, just seasoned with salt and pepper, but tasty. I do wish they had some more gluten-free dressing options but a minor quibble. The burgers are what you'd expect from EnP, which are fine but you can do better now in Pittsburgh. A pretty good selection of burger options. I would go here for salads first though.
4	I love the salads here! At lunchtime the place is buzzing with Pitt students, but it's worth a wait. I can't wait for them to open more locations!
5	Love the salads! Love the price!  For $7-8 you can eat your heart out of every vegetable possible...they have great topping choices like red quinoa, bean sprouts, artichokes, kalamata olives, edemame.  This is a vegetarian's dream..   Staff was friendly and accommodating and did not make me feel guilty about getting so many toppings.  The only draw back is the wait...but it is worth it.
4	Come to Hello Bistro for a fresh, healthy, affordable lunch. This is my new go to place in Oakland, where it can be hard to find veggies and leafy greens (among the dive bars, pizza, and burger joints that populate this area).Salads are $7-9. They also serve burgers, bottled beer. You order at the counter and a staff member brings you your lunch (not sure how take out works). Modern, clean atmosphere. It was not crowded or busy at noon on Sunday during a 3 day weekend.I like this place!
4	Perfect lunch spot! I work in Oakland and my coworkers and I visit this place often.  It gets crowded during the lunch rush so we try to get there by 11:45 to beat the crowd. I always choose the pick your own salad and for $7 and it is a deal. For an extra $1 you can add a half avocado and for a few more bucks you can add some protein. They offer every kind of salad topping you could want from cheeses to all kinds of olives. The fruit and veggies are always fresh and they are over generous in the amounts of toppings added to your salad. The staff is always friendly and will ask how you want your salad chopped.  I have not tried anything else but the salads but they burgers look delicious and I think worth a try.  I recommend signing up for their emails as they are so funny, you get a coupon for doing so and one for your birthday.
3	I was incredibly underwhelmed by Hello Bistro.  My friend treated me out to dinner on a Friday night and suggested we eat at Hello Bistro which just so happens to be a favorite lunch spot of hers. I got the whatever salad with shrimp.  I was expecting maybe shrimp laid prettily onto of a bed of fresh greens what I got was a plastic bowl full of what looked like a left overs and shrimp bits mixed into it.  I am not a fan of Hello Bistro. I do appreicate that HB has beer for sale that's a nice Oakland/Collegetown touch.
3	Burger is nothing special but definitely better than a regular fast food joint. Like the combination of egg and bacon on the burger. They also give you a decent amount of fries which comes piping hot in an oil soaked brown paper bag. Haven't tried their salads or soups but wish I had. Overall, decent place to get lunch. It's marginally better than fast food but I feel like the area has better restaurants that offer a lot more.
3	I've been here a few times and I've always enjoyed my salad. I really like the Boylan sodas too!However, last time I was there, I took half my salad to go and tossed it in the refrigerator. Not even an hour later, when I went to finish the salad, it was covered in mold. I'm not sure if that was just a fluke but it has me hesitating to go back.
4	Ordered a takeout burger during rush hour, got home and had the wrong burger. Called them up and they couldn't have been nicer. Went back, the right order and two free cookies.Food is very good and they treat their customers well.  Enjoy!
3	I like the concept of Hello Bistro, but disappointed it was just Eat N Park food rebranded. Not that I don't like Eat n Park mind you, it's just I expected something different. I've been to Six Penn Kitchen and Porch, and they are so far removed from their parent company, that there is nothing on their menu that goes back to Eat n Park.  Hello Bistro is the same food at Eat N Park, right down to the EnP Burger and Smiley cookies. With that said, I did like the modern atmosphere, and the choose your salad toppings is a nice touch. So is the Boylans Soda fountain and table service after you order. Again though, this is Eat N Parks menu in a different place. If you're into that sort if thing...
4	I'm a huge salad fan, so this place was right up my ally.I got the Mediterranean and have to say that I was very pleased. I never order dressing with my salads (I don't like the overwhelming flavor and they're usually pretty high in calories), so I was very surprised when I tasted how flavorful this salad was without it. Most salads are usually bland and unpalatable on their own, and rely on a strong dressing to provide flavor, but not this one. At the end of the day, it's just a salad, but one I would be happy to eat again. I can't vouch for any of the sandwiches or burgers here, but even if you think you're "not a salad person", there will definitely be something here for you to try out. At $7, the price is a wee steep, but that's to be expected from a restaurant like this.
4	This place is super ok.  I had a burger and it was fresh.  I think that 5 guys is a little more tastey.  The fries were excellent.  And I liked the choice of ketchup and ranch for dipping.  The salads looked really good...next time I will go for one.
1	Me and my GF ordered a salad and a burger today. Waited for a whole lifetime to get our food. I wish there's a 'negative star' review choice here.
4	We decided on Hello Bistro one day last weekend. I had been putting off going here because I never really found myself in the mood for a salad. Yes, i thought the only thing Hello Bistro had was a giant salad bar.Both of us decided on a burger and fries. Decent burger and pretty sweet options to choose from, especially the breakfast sandwiches (which are served all day). I really enjoy the fresh cut fries.. and at $2 it cant really be beat. That's pretty much the price of a half-full bag of funyuns, haha. Kudos to HB for having a ranch dispenser from the girl who eats ranch. with. everything. ! The Boylan Soda fountain was a nice touch too!Next time, I'm going to try the salad. I couldnt make up my mind this past Sunday and didn't want to hold up my party, which is why I decided on the burger. I think its pretty sweet that HB has a salad bar + a menu with that has cool salad ideas already created! (salads by us) there are some pretty interesting options there.. Same is true for the regular salad bar (salads by you) By the way, remember at the beginning of this review i stated "i never really found myself in the mood for a salad"... wellllllll, since heading here, i've been patiently waiting to head back for a salad...... & I brought home their menu, so I often find myself staring at the fridge at the HB salad menu! aahWe shall return and i'll update my salad experience.  I wonder if a HB will ever have a location downtown. That'd be pretty sweet.
3	This place is okay. I think the salad bar is nice, but I don't understand charging $8 for something that is 90% lettuce. Everyone else seems to think this is cheap though so what do I know. I have had the burgers twice and each time they were surprisingly greasy, almost too greasy. The place is nice and clean though and the unique soda fountain is nice. Warning to anyone with peanut allergies, the fries are cooked in peanut oil.
4	I love their veggie burger! Absolutely delicious. Their sweet potato fries and salads are amazing as well.Only thing I don't like about this place is their prices. 10 bucks for a salad. Granted, the quantity is big, but not within a budget of a college student.
5	My favorite lunch spot in Oakland!  A variety of healthy (and not boring!) lunch options at student-friendly prices. They also have gluten-free options labeled on their menu, which made for no-hassle ordering (make sure to tell them you're ordering gluten free though, otherwise the salads come with a slice of bread on top).For folks who are comparing it to Eat'n Park, that would be like comparing Chipotle with McDonald's.  Sure, same parent company, but completely different product and experience.... btw I am a huge fan of Eat'n Park too :)
5	After strong deliberation of where to eat for lunch in Oakland, we found ourselves at Hello Bistro and I'm glad we did.  Although they have hamburgers and fries, which might be good, the reason to go is the build your own salad for a base of $7.50 currently.  If you add protein in the form of chicken, etc. it is an additional cost, but it isn't needed.  There is enough options to replace the meat in black beans, garbanzo beans, edamame that you won't miss the beef or chicken.Obviously price is an opinion whether it is worth it or not, but for me, the price wasn't bad at all especially compared to other restaurants in the area to get salads.  The other complaint is that EnP is the parent company and same ingredients.  Although I have not been to HB much, the produce looked "fresher" than the pale looking produce at your local EnP, or maybe it is just mine where the produce used as decoration looked more edible than some of the stuff on the salad bar.  Also, a lot of the items used at EnP said "EnP" next to them, like the ranch dressing or cookies specifically stated EnP.  I have never seen Pesto Vinaigrette at EnP.If you are still with me and are curious, this is how it works even though i was a little confused at first.  This build your own salad is for one price with protein being the only addition item.  There is no circling what you want and handing them the card or curious if the roasted corn is 50 cents more than the regular corn.  Basically, you pay and off you go.First, they ask what type of lettuce you want (mixed greens, romaine, iceberg) then they head over to where all the toppings are and you just go crazy telling them everything you want (I had broccoli, cauliflower, egg, bacon, roasted corn, roasted root veggies, granny smith apples, edamame, fresh mozzarella, and kalamata olives).Second, they pass you on to what I describe as "the chopper."  I'm not sure if that is the official title or not but they ask if you want your salad chopped small, medium, or large.  I love this step because instead of eating giant leaves of lettuce, it can be cut small.  Also, at this step they add the crunchies of which i had the toasted garbanzos and sunflower seeds.Finally this person asks what type of dressing and how much or if  you want it on the side.  I watched as he dressed it to just the right amount, enough to coat the salad but not too much to form a lettuce soup.  Also, if you want more after the fact, you can go back and ask for more.  I had the pesto vinaigrette, which was good, but i would probably try another type next time.I know people have said the salads are huge, and this is definitely the case.  The pictures don't do it justice.  As an added bonus, Boylan's in the fountain.  Even though I don't drink soda anymore, i almost had to get it to try the Birch Beer or the Cherry.
4	Great salads.....plenty of options to choose from.Make your own salad is the best option I feel. you can add upto 20-30 items and excellent dressing choices...This place has a long queue everyday during lunch time so to save some time try to come before 12p.m!!The salads are a little on the expensive side, not possible for a student to eat here frequently but the salad portion is good.Chili lime and chipotle BBQ are my favorite dressings..
3	I've been here a few times.  I always get the salad, since I'm not a (beef) burger eater.Pros:(1) Make-your-own salad concept: This is the only place I've been to in PGH that does it(2) Boylan soda fountain: I recommend the orange and cream sodas in particular(3) E'n P potato soup: Always a solid option(4) Fries: Though I've never ordered them, I've tried them from friends who have, and I believe they're fresh cut (albeit a bit on the greasy side)(5) Location: Convenient to Pitt and Presby (also, a healthier alternative to much of what's served at the Presby cafeteria--can't speak for Pitt...)Cons(1) Salad content: Roughly 75% lettuce(2) Salad quality: It's okay, but nothing that blew me away, despite having tried both the make-your-own and preset versions(3) Price: $7.50 seems a bit steep for a salad that's mostly lettuce (see above).  As of the last time I visited, they were running a email coupon promo that you could access via a QR code, however.(4) Crowding: If you go for lunch during the school year, it can be hard to get a table (but then again, what place on Forbes or Fifth doesn't have this problem?)Overall, an okay option for lunch in Oakland, esp. for those trying to eat healthier.  3.5 stars.
4	Hello Bistro is a nice concept for a college town.  It like and express Eat N Park with a very limited menu.  They had salads with a great selection of topics!  It was like a salad bar but the staff prepares your salad for you (much more sanitary than the traditional salad bar).  They also had a nice selection of burgers.  The burgers are cooked like Eat N Park burgers (they are cooked well, you cannot choose how you want your burger cooked)The staff was friendly, the layout was nice.  I wish they had a few more options on the menu and I wish they served Eat N Park cookies!!!!!
5	Great place to get a fast healthy lunch.  Their salad bar is amazing with so many options.  I love the custom option that lets you add whatever you want for a set price (with the exception of some premium items like the meats and shrimp that cost extra).  I really like how they will chop the salad for you to your desired size and add in your desired amount of salad dressing so you can get it exactly the way you want it.  I found the medium level salad dressing to be slightly heavy so I'll probably go for light in the future. They also have some breakfast sandwiches (probably not quite so healthy).  There is a soda fountain machine offering an interesting selection of natural sodas.  The line can get pretty long during peak weekday hours but it moves quickly, but if you avoid peak lunch times then you can get in and out of there pretty fast.  All the staff are friendly and the ingredients are really fresh.  There is also a small seating area.
4	Hello Bistro is a new chain by the folks behind Eat N Park. It offers bistro-style food with a healthier twist than what you would find at a lot of places. I really love this place for a lot of reasons.The first reasons is their extensive salad bar. You basically order a salad ($7.50 without protein), and then you can tell them all of the toppings you want - everything from roasted chickpeas to eggs, edamame and blue cheese. Protein toppings include pork, chicken, steak and tofu. Their dressings are interesting and full of flavor. My favorite is the pesto vinaigrette. I typically get a salad with romaine, mushrooms, egg, edamame, blue cheese, almonds, cranberries and the pesto dressing. Their grilled cheeses and sandwiches are also rather inventive. I like their veggie burger, but last time I went I ordered the 2-alarm burger with a veggie patty sub, and it wasn't that exciting. Maybe I wasn't in the mood. It's usually fantastic. Their fries come in a massive portion for $2, and they are my favorite part of Hello Bistro. I can't help it, I'm a potato junkie. They're skinny and crispy and just full of yum! The natural-soda fountain is also fantastic. I usually try one of each, but birch beer is my favorite. Their cream soda is also fabulous when you mix it with the orange soda. Yummy! Their current milkshake special is a strawberry-mango milkshake. It was to die for. Hello Bistro staff is always friendly and helpful. I love the environment, I love the food. I am excited about this place, and I hope it continues to grow!
1	Over priced and under filling. A $9 salad shouldn't be 95% lettuce. Save your money for somewhere else. Their saving grace is the beer.
4	Big fan of the salads!  I wish they did not use so much plastic.  If you are eating in the restaurant they need a reusable dish.  Food is tasty!
4	A typical design your own salad place with lots of good dressing options.They have burgers and other dishes, and it's always packed with Pitt students.
5	Such a great choice for lunch! The salad bar is extensive and have almost everything you could wish for in it! Absolutely loved it! The milkshakes were also amazing!
4	Was walking by and decided to check it out.  I had a grilled cheese sandwich with Apple slices on it which was surprisingly good.  Excellent fries and a chocolate shake too.If you're into healthy choices, they had a huge salad bar surely to excite any vegetarian or paleo.
5	I was shocked when I found out Eat N Park owned this place.  Sandwiches were very good.  The fountain drinks were a great selection of local stuff.  The salad prep area looks great and I cant wait to go back and get a tossed salad done my way.
4	The Chipotle for salads. Every salad topping you can imagine, and there is no limit... Plus, they have kale & homemade dressings. Love how they chop everything up small & mix it up. Simple, genius, and healthy.
5	I've been on campus for two years now and this is the first time I've gone to Hello Bistro but now that I've gone I can't stop going. Although, I still have yet to have their salad I can say how I absolutely love their burgers and even their grilled cheese. It's definitely not just a place for salads but all kinds of food. I would not necessarily recommend their milkshakes but if you're in the mood for one then it's not bad. They also have spiked milkshakes which could make it even better.
4	From the outside looking in, this place does not give you a "burger joint aura" if you know what I mean, but I was definitely surprised. The fries are pretty good as well.
4	I was very happy with my experience here. They were very accommodating when I asked about vegan options. They asked nearly the entire staff to figure out if the veggie burger was vegan which was incredibly nice, its vegan by the way without the mustard. They were also knowledgeable about what is vegan or not! It was good, I just wish there was more lettuce/greens or tomatoes in the burger. My friends the non-vegans also enjoyed their meals, and they liked the plates they came on.
5	I love eat n park so was excited to try this once I heard it was owned by eat n park. Each time I have been here I've gotten the create your own salad which I LOVE but can never finish because it's so big, and the potato soup which is my favorite. At the one in Oakland there was something off about the soup that I just couldn't finish it. Other than that, I love it. The south side one is better though in my experience.
3	Good food. A little pricey, but wonderful that you have such a variety of options for veggies, fruits, toppings and even meat. If you've never been there before, it can be a little intimidating, but you can't go wrong with what they have!
5	Perfect salads! I went there for lunch and ordered the Caribbean shrimp salad. I don't usually have salads but I've gained some weight last two weeks so I decided to add salads on my diet this week. And as a person who HATES greens, I would highly recommend their salad to everyone! The food tastes fantastic and the salad size is huge that anyone can be satisfied!
4	Each time I've lunched at Hello Bistro I've ordered a salad with exception of my most recent visit, where I went rogue and got a turkey burger.  As far as salad bars go Hello Bistro has several things in their favor.  First, their staff will create the salad for you behind a glass barrier so you don't have people stuffing their fat hands into the toppings.  So it's a nice clean process.  Secondly, the options for salad toppings are endless and very fresh.  Edamame?  Yes!  Hearts of Palm?  Yes!  And the list goes on and on.  Finally, they have a nice selection of salad dressings ranging from tasty and healthy to really tasty and very fattening.  And then the staff person that is helping you will cut the salad to your preference.  Prefer tiny little salad bites?  Not a problem.  Want your salad with a medium chop?  You've got it.  And they also shake it like a Polaroid picture for you so you have an even distribution of toppings.  Other items range from burgers, soup, and grilled cheeses.  The turkey burger I had was tasty.  These items do not come with a side.  So if you want fries n'at, you'll pay a little more.Hello Bistro also has a hip soda machine.  And I mean that it isn't the typical Coke or Pepsi selection; here you can find cream soda.  That's right, cream soda.
