5	I was referred here by a co-worker. since moving back to the valley, i've struggled to find a gym close to my house that didn't cost an arm and a leg. my first impression of this place was yikes! belt factory, kids, basic run of the mill karate dojo...the kind of place i hate. but after taking one of the jiu-jitsu classses, i was all changed! the instructor is a world class grappler. i love training with a gi because i'm too old for the mma world. the pace is fast and hard, exhausting and exhilirating. all the guys and girls in there are good, and good in the way where they come so close to tapping you out, then relax a little to keep working without having to constantly start over. it's a great way to learn without getting your arm torn off. and they offer PIT cross training, the same conditioning program used by Chuck Liddells trainer in san luis obispo, ca. one word...TOUGH! and i'm in good shape!!!! they also offer kaju, from what i understand is a practical self-defense, using whatever it takes to win in a fight when you need it...eyeballs, groin, biting, kicking, everything. plus kickboxing and plenty of kids classes for the parents out there. the BJJ instructor is phenomenal. slow and steady and has a very relaxed way of teaching. i signed up today after several free classes to see if it was what i was looking for. check out their website and drop in for a free class. i guarantee you won't be disappointed.
5	I have tried several Mixed Martial Arts Jui Jitsu DOJO's and KAJUAZ is simply the best.  I have a black belt in Tae Kwan Do, and have started over to learn how to grapple and fight on the ground and self defense.  This is a world class DOJO.  They take you in as a family member and the training is the toughest I have ever been associated with.  From the Cross Pit training to self defense, to the Jui Jitsu instructors, this organization is simply the best in Arizona by far.  The DOJO is located in Mesa and also Gilbert and the Mat and facility is one of the best I have ever seen or ever trained at.  This experience has truly changed my life.  As a Ex college Football player, I am happy to again be challenged physically and mentally.  I would recommend KAJUAZ (The PIT) to anyone in the Valley looking for world class instructors and for people who simply care about you and dont perceive you as just another student they can cram into a class.  It is a privilege for me and my two young boys to train at this DOJO.  Thanks to Sigung, Sifu, Simo, Coach John, Sihing, and others that have helped me be the best I can be.
5	From the outside you wouldn't guess the kind of school it is - its in a strip mall, its small, not very well known - but if you took the chance to come inside and see for yourself you would be very surprised and impressed.  This is by far the best dojo I have ever run across.  You are welcomed when you enter the door, all your questions are asked whether they seem stupid or not. You are treated kindly and with respect from the get go - a very warm place to walk into.  I was so impressed with this place I signed my kids up immediately.  They have so many types of classes and the variety and time schedule they really try and have it work around your family so you have your time as well.  The teachers here are amazing and always do their best to make it the best class you have every time.  I would recommend this dojo to anyone that asks me - and I do.  If you haven't come into this place and tried it or have your kids try it then you should - you are missing out.
5	I study Kajukenbo here San Jose at Tribull MMA and when I had a conference in Scottsdale I jumped at a chance to check out another gym that shares the same linage as my own.  I was excited to check out something that was the same but different.  Finding the place was a bit of a challenge, as the other reviewer said, its stashed away in a strip mall.  Once I got in, the first thing that hit me was how well set up and organized it was.  Very nice.  I knew going in there were going to be differences and it was great to learn some tweaks to the techniques I'm familiar with.  Everyone was super friendly and welcoming, I mean everyone, front desk person, students in the class, instructor all were super welcoming and very willing to share their knowledge.  Wish I had stuck around for another night, and if I lived in the area I definitely would train here.  It's clean, and i definitely would recommend it.
5	The one word that sums this School up is RESPECT. I enjoy the the way the staff and students have fun while learning! Whether your young or old, in shape or out of shape, parent or student, they have something for you! They've recently introduced a 30min Cardio Hula (Men & Women can take this) classes as well if your interested in something either then Martial Arts. I encourage everyone to visit one of their locations or attend an event, you won't be let down!!
