5	Really good shop - all 3 stores.  Some of the best group rides leave out of the Pineville location.
5	Bought 3 bikes here so you can tell that I like them. Cater more to the roadie and tri bikes, but they do have a selection of mountain and cruisers. The best road bike shop in town in my opinion.
5	Excellent shop, excellent service.  My husband bought his first road bike here and the sales guy that helped us was a walking encyclopedia of cycling knowledge.  He mentioned that he has worked in retail his entire life and it showed.  His sales delivery was geared towards information and even advised us to find a shop that fit us for both product and service.  So we did, we looked around at 3 other shops and came back without a second thought.I'm still a newbie myself, only 3 seasons deep in riding my road bike to train for triathlons and I still learned a ton while he explained shoe & clip selection, clip placement and foot ratio in the shoe.  Even in the minor details of socks and water bottle holders he didn't flinch as what an experienced cyclist would take for granted in our questions.My husband was given a quick fit because he had to make a meeting and it was great they could accommodate that so he could come back later for a more thorough fit.  I scheduled a fit myself and intend to leave my bike there for service after.  One draw back is first come first serve on the tune up.  It's like that at Rosewell Bikes in Atlanta too, it's just a little trickier when you only have one bike.  The other draw back are the shorter hours and closed on Sunday.  The place is usually pretty busy, even in the middle of the afternoon on a Monday.While I was there a chiropractor was giving adjustments.  Evidently they also have an indoor trainer come during the winter months for classes too.  They seemed to know many of their customers by name proving they understand the value of repeat customers.  I'll check back after my fit  & tune.
5	After my fitting and tune I got my bike back from Bicycle Sport.  It feels like a new bike.  I can't believe how small tweaks from experts can improve my riding experience.  Something as small as being fit for the right saddle allowed me to stop using so much effort to keep me properly positioned in my seat.  This allowed me to relax and focus on other aspects including the tips they gave me about the way I applied pressure on my pedals for increased power.  Especially usable after they properly aligned my clips in my shoes.  I did without a couple upgrades because since I bought my bike the industry has started to realize the need/demand for bikes that fit a woman's build better.  With that knowledge I decided to wait another season to see if I wanted to install the upgrades or consider a better fitting bike for next year.
5	I blew out my Fox rear shock.  Took it to Sport for warranty repair.  Bad news: 3 weeks minimum to get it back from Fox.  Yikes!  Dan & Brian found me a shock to use in the mean time.  Wow!  These guys pulled a shock out of thin air.  They know how to take care of their customers.  Thanks guys!
4	Great experience. I brought in a bike I bought on Amazon (great deal) and they were happy to put it on the rack and adjust my brakes for free! Definitely going back in for tune ups and upgrades. Slim pickings on apparel but there's plenty of places to get that stuff.
5	Bike sport is a great place to get road bikes and kids bikes. I haven't bought a mountain bike there but I am sure they would be great for that. Everyone  is super helpful and nice. They even took me on a bike ride around town to help me get more familiar with road biking in Charlotte.
5	I decided I wanted to buy a bike for riding around town running errands, quick grocery trips, etc.  I am new to the whole bicycle culture and was a little overwhelmed by all of my options.  The staff here was incredibly helpful -- they asked the right questions and pointed me in the right direction.  No up-selling and, in fact, they told me what things I didn't need so that I saved some cash.  I bought some accessories (lights, rack, etc) and they installed them immediately at no charge.  Highly recommend.
1	Terrible service from boy with brunette/black long hair. Went in to get a tube for my brother for his bike and approached the boy at the counter asking if he could help me find it. Now, I know little to nothing about bikes, my brother is the one who rides. I read off from a text my brother sent me about what he needed. The boy made me feel like a complete idiot while I tried to explain what tube my brother asked me to get. Not helpful at all and smirked at me the entire time. I even asked if he wanted to speak to my brother on the phone to figure out what he needed and looked at me and sighed "okayyyy" and turned around and walked away. Finally he just handed me a tube and at that point I could of cared less if it was the right one or not, I just wanted to leave. I'm sorry I'm not a bike person, but I don't think it's right to treat me like a class-a idiot because I don't know everything about them. This was my first time going in and if I have to come back it will definitely be when he's not working.
5	I bought a Santa Cruz Superlight 29 from Ben and the crew here a few months ago. Now I'm an avid road cyclist so this was my first "real" mountain bike so I had no idea what I was looking for. Jason let me try a few that were in my size (Cannondale, Moots, Trek) and I really liked the way the Superlight felt. They gave me a fair price, threw in some pedals, a tube, and a ton of advice.  They also talked me into financing through Trek which gave me 6mo interest free! I've came in several times and they've always offered to adjust things for free. The whole experience was enjoyable, and they've earned my business for a while.TL;DR: Great shop, premium products, knowledgable staff, fair prices.
5	I had been looking for a bike shop closer to the Steel Creek area for my Trek Domane 4.5.  I visited Bicycle Sport  and a couple other shops but this place made me feel more comfortabe.  I had a tune up a couple of days ago and the mechanic did a great job.  The shifting is now cleaner.  This shop doesn't pressure sell you anything and are always willing to give you pointers or answer your questions.
5	I have been coming here for 5 years and they are the BEST! Ben, Justin, Zach, Jason, and Brian all take great care of me. I purchased my Trek Madone 6 series there a couple of years ago and they were very helpful and gave me great advice when I was ordering my new bike. They were patient with me while I figured out my paint scheme. They don't over sell on the bike or service side. They provide great value for your dollar. No matter how much money you spend, you are treated great! They are not there just to sell expensive bikes. They are very much in the community and of the community.
