4	Is Rita's a chain store? Yes.So this location is pretty much like thousands of others across the country, with a few exceptions. If you, like me, are used to a seasonal Rita's you will be happy to know this location is year round. More importantly, the owner seems to really be excited about getting involved with the community. He has made the effort to meet other local business owners and to appreciate the neighborhood as more than a group of wallets. The bottom line is that the product is good but the folks seem to be good as well.
4	After a blazingly hot game of bocce in the park, a friend and I decided to try out the newest Rita's outlet in Plaza Midwood.  My friend is from Philly and, where Rita's is based, and says it reminds him of home.  We got some regular sized Gelatis, which consist of their frozen custard layered with your choice of Italian ice.  I got vanilla custard and peach ice and thought it was delicious.  The custard is very thick and creamy and the flavored ice was a nice complement.  Perfect respite from the heat.  My buddy swears the mango is the best, though I haven't tried it.  The regular size gelati will cost you slightly under $3.  The service was friendly and quick.  Decor is nothing fancy and contrasts with the super mod hipness of the fro yo places everywhere.  There are a few tables inside and a bench outside.  I'd like to see more seating, particularly outside but I don't really know where it would go - so I guess walking around the plaz while eating is an acceptable alternative.
5	Great experience. Great place to get some good dessert.
4	Finally made it down to Rita's Saturday evening after dinner. I was very very surprised! Having driven by this place the entire time it was being renovated I was excited to see how they would use the space from a large tropical fish store. My first impression was that the front area was very small. Especially considering the large crowd that started to gather. Otherwise, very clean, orderly, and all signs were clearly marked with all the options! (and there are a lot) I stayed classic, and went with just lemon ice. There were large chunks of zest, and it had incredible flavor. Also it was very light and refreshing on these hot nights we get! The girls working were very nice, and informative. Overall great visit, excited to go back and try more!
5	Love this place. It's the perfect snack (try the mango italian ice!) and the staff is sure to brighten your day.
2	I came here once and was instantly confused by the menu...is this custard or italian ice??? I picked a coffee flavored "custard slushee" and it tasted bad. Like chemically flavored crushed ice. Maybe I'm one of those people who picked the wrong thing, but I would definitely go to Tasty Yo over this place anyday
4	Finally had the time to stop in...it only made sense to try it out on an extreme muggy day.So I don't typically go for sweets too often, but the girls wanted to give a try.I believe we were given the scoop (low down) on how to order by the owner...very nice guy.So the cup you get will have a frozen custard at the bottom...Italian Ice in the middle and your choice of flavor...you can mix n match...example I ordered strawberry and vanilla which was recommended.The flavors do change periodically so visiting often would be fun.You have to just go and try it out.The owner is also thinking about creating a wall of customers that have tried all flavors...Oh and by the way...sample as much as you want here....
4	I grew up in the midwest, where they do frozen custard RIGHT.  I have to say, Rita's does a pretty good job, certainly better than any other frozen softserve product that I have gotten in Charlotte so far.  The custard is creamy and rich, both chocolate and vanilla have a nice taste and texture.   I haven't actually tried the ice/custard mixtures yet but the custard is good enough to bring me back to give it a try.
3	On a hot day, my boyfriend, my dog Milo, & I were riding around Plaza-Midwood & saw a banner "free icees today!" Well, of course we like free things so we stopped in. Having Milo with us, we couldn't both go in, so Shawn went in & asked if he could have an extra one for me, since I was outside in the car.  Shawn called me & asked me to get out of the car & walk with Milo towards the shop. He had both icees & the owner with him. The owner was very nice & had an ice cream cone for Milo! :)  He took Milo's picture eating it & said it would be posted on the wall inside the shop.He scored MAJOR points with us!  Hooking Shawn up with my free icee, (cause of course, he didn't have to believe Shawn) & hooking Milo up too...you can't get better than that.The icee was yummy too! I love that they change flavors. This particular day I had the strawberry.  We will defintely be back!
3	Neon blue! Bright red! Glowing yellow!  This is partially why Rita's makes me a little ill. The artificial colors, throbbing in their frozen case.  My tongue seemed permanently dyed. The flavors are equally as distributing.Don't get me wrong-- Rita's Italian Ice has it's place.  Kids love it, adults in need of some refreshment from the 105-degree summer heat do too.  But The flavors are so cloyingly fake and sweet, my husband and I couldn't finish half our ice. (Swedish Fish are disgusting enough, but take a waxy fish-shaped candy, infuse it into sugar and water? Who came up with this idea?)In addition to the ice, you can get frozen custard.  Maybe I've been spoiled living in the Midwest, where frozen custard is taken very seriously.  (Sheridans BTW is by far the BEST FC place in KC, it's made fresh every day) The fro-cust here has a bit of a waxy feel.  For those who don't know real frozen custard, this will suffice.   For those in need of an artificial taste/color explosion, yeah, it'll do.  (I myself enjoy a Popsicle band Bomb Pop on occasion.) Enjoy, but proceed with caution.
3	Finally tried out Rita's last night.  I ran almost 3 miles and had dinner at Zoe's so I figured I "earned" myself a treat.  First off I have never been to a Rita's before, and the menu can be overwhelming... besides the Italian Ice, there is frozen custard (similar to soft serve).  Then there are gelatis, misto, blentinis which are all "french" to me.  Apparently those are different mix and match of the ice & custard.  I had a taste of the coconut cream ice and the cotton candy ice, both are too sweet for me.  I do have to say the cotton candy ice tasted just like real cotton candy.  I ended up being boring and had the frozen twist custard in a waffle cone.  I got a kid size (not on menu but can request) and it came in just over $3 and plenty big for this big kid.  The frozen custard is very rich and creamy (hmm... definitely not fat free) and not as sweet as the ice.  For the price, I think I enjoy those self serve fro-yo places better.  But I like supporting my neighborhood businesses, and it's nice to see an ice cream place around besides the DQ.  But next time I probably have to run 3 miles to Rita's and run 3 miles back in order to justify the consumption!
3	For a total treat monster like myself, Rita's is pretty tasty. With smiley employees and an array of cool sweet treats in a squeaky clean store, this place appeals to kids and adults alike. And, frankly, Charlotte doesn't have very many ice cream shops to patron, so their competition is slim. Mind you, I said *ice cream* not froyo. Rita's custard is definitely not frozen yogurt. Since I come from the Midwest, I know what custard is. It's thick, it's smooth it's creamy and dreamy. Overall, I like Rita's custard...it definitely fills the void, but it doesn't hold a candle to the places I frequented when I was a kid. Mmm Culver's. Anywho, while I enjoy the gelati (a combo of the custard and Italian ice), the Italian ice part almost send me into sugar shock. And I like sugar, friends.Yes, I'll agree with others, the Italian ice is a bit insane. A bit bright. Neon, as Dion says. But hey, I enjoy a bit of creamy vanilla custard on a warm summer day. Do yourself a favor and get a smaller size...it's whole lotta sweet!
4	Another great addition to Plaza Midwood, and just in time for our little one.  We've been to Rita's a few times now and while the italian ice is great, the custard steals the show.  Super creamy and delicious, and without even a hint of artificial-tasting flavor.  Not only are they selling a great product, the staff are also very friendly, and that goes a long way.Welcome to the neighborhood, Rita's!
4	My friend is a huge fan of Rita's and gave me the low-down on a delicious secret- free regular-sized Italian ice on the first day of spring! (ok, maybe not so secret...).So I took the pup for a walk (to cut out the guilt of course) and headed over to Rita's for an ice cold treat. I was able to sample as many flavors as I wanted (the guy at the counter was super helpful) so I tried  raspberry and birthday cake. Both were tasty but I was in the mood for tangy so I ordered something completely different- cranberry. For 95 cents extra I added a dollop of creamy vanilla custard on top. Wow what an incredible combination this was! I will absolutely be back for this winning combo and I highly recommend you check them out!The only downfall is there really isn't a nice place to eat outside as it is located in a stripmall.
4	After an excellent dinner in the Plaza Midwood area, we were craving for some desert to complete the night.  Rita's was just down the road from where we were so we headed there... the location looks fairly new and some people were still using coupons from the Grand Opening.I'm used to a smaller Rita's location, so this one is definitely super sized with plenty of seating and tables inside.  A full glass corner sweet and a bench outside makes for a great place to spend a hot summer night or even just to cap the night off with some delicious treats.I went full on strawberry.... with a Strawberry Italian Ice and Strawberry frozen custard.  Awesome.... I wonder how many people take up the Strawberry and Coffee Custard twist.... I guess it would be an experience.The parking lot was pretty crowded with popular neighbor spots, but it was nice to eat my Gelati and go browse around the Used Book store next door.
5	That's right, I'm giving Rita's a whole 5 stars! I can't think of a single thing to complain about!  Rita's is perfect.A small location, but seating indoor and out. Service is super fast and even if there's a line, it moves rather quick.If you've never been here before, I recommend a Gelati. This treat is served in a cup. The bottom layered with frozen custard (usually 4 different types to choose from, but vanilla is the best in a Gelati), then the Italian Ice of your choice (usually at least 8+ to choose from), then another heaping dollop of frozen custard on top! Mmmm. Frozen custard flavor favorites: COFFEE!!!, strawberry, and vanilla (of course)Italian Ice flavor favorites: strawberry pina colada, mango, lemonade, wild black cherryFlavors options change every day and they always offer a sugar-free ice.
5	Summer lovin', had me a blast.... Summer lovin', happened so OMG THERE'S A RITAS IN CHARLOTTE!!!!Yes, that was my reaction a year or 2 ago when the Plaza Midhood got Philadelphia's very own Rita's Water Ice in town. Yes, WATER ICE. Not Italian Ice like this stupid Yelp listing says. Italian Ice - HARD. Water Ice - Watery, shockingly enough.Anyway, Rita's is the total bomb dot com, amazeballs, super duper awesome and all things positive. Sweet treats in 98273928732987 flavors, awesome custard, helpful staff - what more can one wish for?Perfect for families, date nights, and just an anytime pick me up.
4	I only drove by this place 100+ times before finally coming in.  They let us try out a bunch of their Ice flavors (e.g. Pink lemonade, cookies 'n cream, swedish fish, etc.), and all were delicious.  Ultimately, we went with the Blendini, which was a combination of Cookies 'n cream Ice, with Vanilla Gelati and Oreos.  It had soooo much flavor.  Much lighter and smoother than Ice Cream, but just as delicious. We will probably make it back here multiple times this summer.
4	My wife loves frozen custard. More than ice cream. More than frozen yogurt. More than me. Wait, what?So on a quiet date night evening, I brought us across town to the only frozen custard (FC) that I could find on Yelp. Good move, as she was seriously pleased and said that it was even better than her favorite FC place back in Arkansas. And that's really saying something because she really liked that place!Good flavors - vanilla and chocolate and strawberry and light vanilla. Mixable. Plus they have frozen ices for people who enjoy that sort of thing. And a reasonable though not wide offering of toppings. The whipped cream is out of a can though. A great treat on a hot day. We'll be back!
5	Sooo Good!!! Best place to cool off and get some sweetness!! my personal favorites are Wild Black Cherry and Raspberry I have the notifications sent to my phone when these are available!!
5	This store is much better now. Seems like there has been big changes. This is more like the ritas I was used to!
5	As far as flavored ice and custard goes, it doesn't get any better than Ritas. As my boyfriend says, "this place is legit!" First off, the staff, they were absolutely fantastic. A girl named Ashley was assisting us and she was very helpful and had a great attitude and demeanor. [I'm used to employees at other places frustrating me recently, so it made me extremely happy to have such a great staff member helping us- to the point that I stalked her name tag- sorry, Ashley!] We tried several flavors and finally landed on one Swedish Fish (yes, I repeat, Swedish Fish) and original lemonade and then one Swedish Fish (yes, I repeat, Swedish Fish) and mango with light vanilla custard. The flavors were all pretty fantastic but we were very happy with our choices. It was our first time trying the custard and it was delicious! We definitely have some other mix ups in mind for when we return! The place was very clean, the staff was extremely friendly and efficient, and we are really happy we finally swung by! With the summer heat heading our way, Rita's is definitely a place you need to #TreatYoSelf to!
4	Staff is ALWAYS friendly (where do they find these awesome people?!) and the custard and Italian ices are just divine!!! No complaints, hope it stays in business for years to come!When my aunt flies in from California, her first request is always to get a cup! That's saying a lot because California is in no shortage of quality, yummy, frozen confections.
