2	Open 24 hours a day. Carna asada burrito is pretty good, along with there cheese enchiladas. Hits the spot when your on the run and craving some mexican food. Salsa bar is nice also. prices are moderate. Definitely better then some other Roberto's I have been to around town.
5	This is my favorite Roberto's location! They have the best tasting food and the most friendly staff!
1	So I ain't really like this location I was already not having a good day and I could have sworn I said Carsada fries not nachos she could have done good customer service and  traded them in but she was being rude and was like sorry u have to take these or buy some more hell naw grr just not my day.
1	Woooooorrrrssstttttttt robertos ever  I promise u. I come down here for drive thru and these bastards about 98% of the time never give me what I asked for!!!I always have to check the food and drive back because of missing items. The bathroom is untidy and unkept and they don't really care about messing up your order. I have been to some messed up robertos but the consistency with this one is what kills me. Consistent at messing my order up without fail,no apology just like o well. This is the last time!!! They don't deserve even one star!!!
1	This was my favorite Roberto's to go to until the quality and customer service went to the dumps... what happened :( ... the lady at the drive tru does not pay attention and has screwed up our orders several times we are over it not to mention the health department needs to visit this location its pretty dirty inside so we will no longer use this Roberto's till they clean up their act.
5	I always get the no 4 two beef tacos rice and beans.  On a suggestion from a friend I tried the carne asada burrito. WOW this thing is fantastic. For the first time I was asking for more of the other ingredients other then beef crazy I know. But this thing is awesome. Have tried beef tostada, bean tostada, chicken rolled tacos, beef rolled tacos, beef nachos, chicken tacos, cheese enchiladas everything is really good.  Life hack the nachos are so big they get soggy.
4	Being the closest to my house I frequent this one the most. I love their breakfast burritos so that is my go to when visiting Roberto's. They always seem to cook the bacon to that perfect crispness, as it should be and they don't load it up with cheese, just the way I like it. I have tried a few other locations that just do not compare to this one.
3	Pretty decent food for the money and they have a ton of locations.
5	This is a clean Roberto's, very food and the food is good, sometimes it seems the Mexicans here want a tip, here's a tip get a job working in a real restaurant not a Mexican fast food place, take your tip cup and stick in your.
1	I'm so over this location. This is by far the worst location for any Roberto's or other drive-thru I have visited. Recently went to grab 2 breakfast burritos, 1 ham and 1 bacon and I get home and what do I have? Two chorizo! How does this happen when I am the only vehicle in the green slime filled drive-thru? After driving back I now have to enter the location and I just want a refund at this point. The gentleman working the counter looks at me multiple times and doesn't come to ask my concerns. Finally after he finishes with other patrons he comes to ask what's wrong. I inform him my order is wrong and I just want my money back. He says I'll fix it where I again say no I want my money back. He then rings up other customers and one car thru the driv-thru and then decides to bring me my money. Hire some new personnel because these people are failing miserably.
1	Who sells a burrito with only meat? The water down guacamole does not makeup for no rice or beans. The staff also has horrible customer service. If your craving Mexican food please stay away from this shack!
3	I come here regularly, my family likes the chicken tacos, especially on taco Wednesday, the carne asada fries, & carne asada burritos. The food is always hot & the quality is always the same! My biggest complaint would be the wait in the drive through, I actually went here twice today, once around 1145a, there was 2 cars in front of me, the first pulled away shortly after I placed my order & the wait was close to 15 min. Then again around 5p, 4 cars in front of me, again the first pulling away within a minute of me pulling in, the wait was just over 20 min. And No, I don't typically go twice in 1 day, lol.
