5	By Far, the best  Mexican Restaurant WEDDINGI live in Orange County California and love vegas,       My husband and I had our reception here and it was the best thing we could have done!!     We arrived at 7pm, they had live music 2 singers interracting with my entire family, grandma, uncle, mom , kids..etc....     when the food was brought ... they had Baile Folklorico it was a great show, after that they had the mariachi......      we all had the best time. We even did the dollar dance and  the waiters were on top of it.....       THE FOOD  " DELICIOUS" we ordered     2 types of plates people could choose from .. .either     chicken or beef....        people are still talk about the food how delicious it was... the chicken had this sauce that ...   i cannot even explain.       The cake was set up nicely and we did a toast aswell...  they brought the cups ....         OMG it was the best time of my life               I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT      Veronica was one of the waiters..... and she was GREAT! told me not to worry.... she would handle it.... and she sure did!
2	The 2 previous reviews want you to believe this is the best mexican party place around.I must have missed the party because at 12 noon it was completely DEAD-no lunch crowd.And they failed to mention this is in the Commercial Center plaza. A very scary place to go let alone eat.Well the place is huge seating for 100+ people and a large stage plus private boothes.The chips are hard & flavorless and the salsa too tomatoey and no spice at all. NO BEANS either.The prices were very moderate and the portions were fair but nothing really special.I ordered the Carne Asada plate for $10-the carne asada was nice & tender but it was not charbroiled as the description on the menu claimed.The pico was weak and the jalapeno had no spice at all.MY wife had a carne asada taco which was pretty large and also a cheese enchilada which was the highlight of the entire meal.I was disappointed with the cleanliness of the place since there was NO crowd and it was also pretty lackluster food, NOT spicy at all.Thank goodness I had a restaurant.com coupon for $10 OFF.
3	ok, so my review is a bit mixed. I went there for a (very) late breakfast.  You know the after- hangover very much needed michelada and shrimp cocktail and it was great! Very tasty and lots of shrimp!As far as the location...ya, it sucks. Kinda ghetto, kinda scary.  Attempted to go one night and none of the people I was with wanted to bother  getting outta the car because the scene seemed like on of those cheap mexican movies my dad watches! Beer bellied older men.  Well, maybe they were just having a wedding or quinceanera that night...IDK
2	So, I went here cuz I got United miles and Yelp gave it good reviews.  Not so good.  I went with two coworkers.  We were the only three people in the entire restaurant at 6:15 on a Monday night.  I had two Corona's ($3.50 a piece - nice and cheap) and the Vuelva a la Vida, the large one.  It was huge - I couldn't finish it.  I was decent seafood though.  The other two people in my party got the steak fajitas and their meat was cold.  The queso fundido was a tad greasy but ok.  The worst thing about this place was the location.  I walked here from the Las Vegas Hilton and was surrounded by homeless people in the parking lot - kinda scary if you ask me and I'm from the south side of Chicago.  Sorry Las Palmas, I won't be returning.
3	When restaurants.com was having their 80% off sale and I was booking a 46 hour trip to Vegas for a friend's wedding, I grabbed a certificate for Las Palmas. Getting there was interesting... It wasn't horribly easy to spot from the road as it's in the inner circle of a shopping center. My husband and I visited on a Friday afternoon and the large restaurant had 5-6 tables of customers. We were greeted promptly by a friendly server and seated at a 4-top with arm-chairs that seemed too small for most of the customers and given chips and salsa. The menus had photos of the food which I've always been told is NOT a good sign, but I didn't find it to be so bad. I had a bean burrito and the husband had... shrimp fajitas (If memory serves). Nothing was very memorable but we enjoyed what we ate just fine... except the iced tea. It tasted like it had been sitting out for a week, but seeing someone else's review, maybe it was from a machine and that's why it was disgusting. Barf. I would LOVE to go back on a night when the mariachi band is there and give this place a more stellar review. I was eying the huge dance floor and stage the whole time we were there just envisioning the fun that could be had. Maybe next time we're in Vegas... although i don't see that happening anytime soon.
3	Ate there twice in one week, both mid day when the place was empty.  It is Huge, so I imagine lots of parties are held here at night.  Decent menu and prices.  Had the tacos Las Palmas which were basically mini fajitas with beans and rice.  The whole fried talapia was good too.  The prices were very reasonable.
3	I visited Las Palmas on a Thursday night specifically to attend the free salsa dance lessons and after party.  This place is enormous and somewhat outdated in decor, but could possibly be a good place to host a reception or party for a big crowd because of its size, stage and dance floor.Since we arrived early, we decided to order drinks and appetizers.  The nachos were satisfying, $8 for any meat choice - we had carne asada and it was very tasty and a large portion. We also had a shrimp ceviche cocktail - it had tons of shrimp and fresh avocado slices, and the tomato juice/sauce was so good that I would have drunk it down if no one was looking!  Around 7:30pm the dance lesson began.  There were probably 80-100 people there, and it was a good friendly crowd.   The dance floor is so large that there was no problem for everyone to fit.  Throughout the evening, the DJ organized some dance games and contests, and I noticed that it was easy for people who arrived alone to join in and even be asked to dance in partner songs.  The music was heavy on the salsa, with a little merengue, bachata and cumbia.  It's also notable that this venue is totally smoke-free.  I can imagine that this place would be a little dead during the day - even with the 100 people there when I visited, there were *tons* of open tables left.  It's just that big.  So my suggestion is to give it a try on a dance evening when the vibe will be more energetic, and you'll have a free show or a chance to get down if that's your thing.
4	Obviously a lot of people reviewing are not open minded. The area isn't the best but you probably won't get shot here either. We went here in June for my boyfriends parents 25th anniversary. It was at night during Mariachi performances so it was EXTREMELY loud. This is OK if you enjoy that type of thing, and it is certainly a unique experience. The singer is super sweet and dedicated a song to his parents and even did a special announcement.For the food, I ordered a vegetarian burrito and nachos. Everyone else ordered various things. The food is REALLY delicious! I've been to a lot of Mexican restaurants around the country and this one is easily one of the best. The food IS authentic, I live with hispanic people and it's pretty much on par, so I don't know what some reviewers are talking about. I was impressed and I plan to go again VERY soon! Such as today. :)
5	Another great Mexican place in Vegas.  This little gem is tucked away in the Commercial Center.  It doesn't occur to you just how big this place is until you walk inside.  It features a full bar that occupies one wall of the restaurant and a dance floor in front of a stage that on certain nights has a full Mariachi band.  Service is prompt and courteous and prices are about on par with the majority of the other ones I have been to around town.  If you're down for hitting up the Mexican places around Vegas, I would highly recommend this one.
4	Food was great. Didn't get what we ordered but I think the server did us a favor. If I spoke spanish it would have helped. Half priced margaritas at happy hour were awesome. Great place to hold an event. Lots of parking. The neighborhood isn't that scarry like everyone says. Lots of good Korean restaurants in that sqaure also.
4	Went tonight and did enjoy the food. There was a homeless guy in the parking lot offering to clean windshield. He had the best spots coned off so he could work. I think it was some sort of valet, but I refused to give him my keys, and since he didn't speak English, he couldn't complain. All respect to the previous reviewer, Callie R, I don't want to disagree with you but..... I did get shot. It's ok he only winged me and the gun was a piece of crap. Plus, the manager did buy me a free margarita to make up for it so I will be back as soon as I get the stitches out. Oh, the ice cream was good.
4	Very big restaurant/ club....Food was delicious, everyone that went with me loved their meal.The club on the other hand, hard to get a table unless you get a bottle.  But the music was awesome, although it was very hard to dance with the floor being overly crowded.Will visit when i'm back in town :)
3	I've been going here for years. It used to be one of my favorites but they've changed cooks for sure! The food isn't as good and you practically have to beg for any service! I'm wondering how long they can stay in business if they do t go back to their old ways!!! Salsa dancing is a blast but the beggars in the parking lot are on bikes and chase you down. It's so sad to see....
3	Two words sum up this restaurant: ghetto Mexican. Don't mean that in a bad way. So it is your typical Mexican food in very large portions.  We came here for New Year's eve with the BF's fam because the father wanted a mariachi band but you really loose ambiance here because it is kind of ghetto. We couldn't find the place at night because it has a tiny door. It was also very empty on NYE prob because all the usual goers upgraded lol.  Anyway would not recommend if you are looking for ambience and polished food and are picky like me.  But if you want cheap Mexican and large portions this is your thing.
3	Boy are those pictures deceiving! And Heather D. must be the owner or something because I was there just this weekend and the place DOES NOT look like that.  I didn't get to try the food but the chips and salsa sucked.  Even the salsa on a can is better than that!  Oh, and don't even get me started with the drinks.  They are lame, lame, lame.  I had to go to the bartender and ask him if my drink was a freaking joke.  No alcohol whatsoever and charged me $8 bucks for it.  The music and atmosphere was good but that's about it.  Hopefully I won't have to go there again.
1	This place is okay. It used be nightclub called El Sinaloense. It still carries negative baggage from the previous ownership. The food is not the best, its edible, bit not the best. The Marchi singers are great entertainment. The first time I was here someone  attempt to sell me drugs from underneath the bathroom stall. It was a baggy with some white substance. They could of confused me for someone else and they panicked and took off running. Once the Marchi band leaves then they start the "Banda" music after 7pm, that when all the drunks show up and start making fools of themselves. Please don't eat here.
1	Horrible customer service.  Waiter got the order wrong and would not admit it. Food is good, but they clearly don't understand customer service. It was 7 us, so we still had to pay 18% gratuity. STAY AWAY!!!!
4	You want Salsa, you want Micheladas, you want Margaritas, you want to watch great dancers and so much more it is here.  I am not a dancer nor do I know how to Salsa but I found out on Thursday nights before the real festivities begin they do have free Salsa lessons!  Yay!! I nor my boyfriend however are big dancers, so now auditioning for a willing dancing partner... 8/  The nice thing is I did not feel like I had to dance, us and our friends sat there happily watching the dancers and the instructors float around the floor increasingly better as the evening went on munching on our food.On to the food this is a pretty hard core mexican joint but the waitress we had, spoke fluent english and seemed really happy we were there and to tell us about the food they offered and even more excited when we asked about the Micheladas she was a bit surprised at that.  The Micheladas were perfectly made to the beer of your choosing with the seasoning on the side of the glass.  The Margaritas were strong and flavorful.  The food was huge in comparison to the price, the price a bit high but trust me you get your food worth.  I kind of hoped for a bit more spice but I think now that I know that, I would let them know I want it spicy, they might assume because of my ethnicity I may not have been able to handle it.  Little do they know...The waitress really made the night that much better she was just so happy to help us, cheerful, helpful, happy and attentive.  She made my night, Thank you.  I did not feel out of place and had a great time I recommend to anyone to come down earlier in the evening if you are not familiar with the place looking just for food and do not speak spanish.  It does get louder and way more of a party atmosphere/nightclub in the later night hours.  So, for great food and Salsa lessons early for a party later but I cannot comment on that part of the night.I will be back for some fun and food...
1	out of business -- confirmed last night
5	It is not closed. Its open Monday through Wednesday for lunch and Thursday through Sunday for both lunch and dinner. Salsa on Thursday
4	Always wonder why I forget this place. Drive by on a weekend night and see multiple armed security guards - and usually a fight or two in the parking lot, BUT - go earlier and get a lot of food for a decent price. Service - excellent. I do recommend Only a little loud from the TV's - if you know Espanol, this is not an issue.
1	Worst Mexican food I have ever tasted.  The waitress was rude.
