4	The food at this restaurant definately deserves five stars.  I was there with my parents and my boyfriend and we had 11 different items that were all delicious.  This place also has a huge wine list with cheap and expensive wines available by the glass and bottle.  The service was fabulous at first but tapered off during the evening as the place got crowded.  I know others who have been that haven't had any trouble with the service, so I think they were just a little overwhelmed by unexpected business on the Monday I went.  I would reccommend this place for drinks or dinner.
3	I was really impressed with Las Ramblas. Remember this is a tapas restaurant, so be prepared to scan the  menu and pick several things to eat, this is a great place to go with a group of friends.  When I first went there I was accompanied by my girlfriend and a good friend who told me it was one of his favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  I had been wanting to try Las Ramblas, for a while and  was stoked for the opportunity to check it out.  The decor of  Las Ramblas immediately made me think of Spain, as you walk in, the restaurant is entirely open with everything in plain view, off to the left is a little nook where you can sit and eat appetizers and have cocktails on uniquely designed furniture. To the right is a circular bar with a gigantic chandelier made of wine bottles, hanging from the ceiling, I though it was really cool and added to the whole artistic Spanish vibe of Las Ramblas.The food:Since my friend said everything on the menu was good, I took cart Blanche and began to order those things I had learned to savor at Latin restaurants.  We ordered a steaming bowl of mussels, croquetas de pollo y jamon serrano.  Since I was used to the more cylindrical croquetas of the Cubans these fried bread balls filled with a very liquid meat soup took me a little by surprise, and although I was very much looking forward to them, they were my least favorite.  The mussels however were delicious, get a side order of their flat bread to help soak up the white wine sauce, its amazing...Then we tried the Patatas Bravas (FRIED POTATOES) which were good, and then the Alberginies Fritas (FRIED EGGPLANT) The fried eggplant was spectacular the breading so light and crispy with the meat of the eggplant full of flavor, from there we tried the Kobe Skirt Steak, which I also had high hopes for, but was really not impressed, it was kind of cold, and the green sauce they covered the dish in completely obliterated any of that meat flavor I was searching for. Next we ordered Champinones (MUSHROOMS) which were so plump and flavorful they were a great accent to the rest of the meal. Then we ordered my personal favorite, a plate of Jamon Serrano and Manchego Cheese...Ummmm savory.  The serrano ham is amazing,  it has such a rich and complex flavor, you can literally taste the chestnuts the pigs were fed before they became ham.  It is very salty, but that adds to the flavor experience.  Pair the ham with the subtle flavors of the manchego cheese, which tastes very similar to Parmesan cheese, though softer, and it was like going to Barcelona. Then to finish off our tapas feast  Brochetas de Gambas (SHRIMP AND SERRANO HAM ON A SKEWER) a delicious delicacy very similar to scallops wrapped in bacon, only better.  The extreme flavor of the Serrano Ham combined with the plump shrimp was exquisite.Las Ramblas is a great tapas restaurant perfect for groups of friends to spend time eating, drinking, and talking.Thanks Father Mo!
5	Las Ramblas is the perfect location for a romantic dinner. My boyfriend and I went there for Valentine's Day and for my birthday six months later. The tapas menu can be overwhelming at first, but the friendly servers make things easy and comfortable. Tapas is a fun way to try tons of new food. The plates come out as they're ready, so you're often trying one thing at once, which helps you focus on each food item. I also felt like I had better discussions with my dinner partner there because we were eating at a slower, relaxed pace. When we went on my birthday, we didn't have reservations but they were able to seat us at the bar, where we could watch the chefs prepare the plates. That was pretty interesting. I'd suggest getting a bottle of wine or pitcher of sangria. The tres leches cake is wonderful. These are some of my favorite plates to try (they range from $5-$7) : - Grilled Asparagus- Pure Patatas con Chorizo de Cider - Albondigas (veal & pork Meatballs)- Brochetas de Morunos (pork Tenderloin with cider thyme reduction on a Skewer)
5	I had an excellent dinner here a few weeks ago, and I plan to get back as soon as possible. We ate outside, right by the little fountain, and it was one of the most pleasant nights out I've had in Charlotte. The food was excellent, especially the artichoke cakes and the eggplant. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!The service was excellent...it was slightly more personal and personable than many of the fine dining experiences that I've had in Charlotte. The waitress chatted with us and made helpful recommendations from the menu, and she was particularly helpful in getting enough grub for me (Tapas can be a little challenging for vegetarians). I peeked inside because I'd heard that it's great, and it lived up to the hooplah. The bar is beautiful, and the inside is spacious and elegant. We finished the night off with the tres leches cake, which was brain-freezingly, face-meltingly delicious. It's worth going here for the dessert alone!
2	Maybe it's because I lived in Florida and have had a lot of Tapas, but this is just okay.
5	My review was for Las Ramblas-------------------------------------------Really good food and great value.  I expected to pay a lot more from experience visiting similar restaurants.  It's very nice inside, waiters are super friendly and knowledgeable about the food and very attentive and helpful.  We had a reservation but the place wasn't too crowded and we enjoyed everything except the chick pea salad that was on one  of the dishes, and the patatas bravas could have been a little more spicy.  But the potatoes were nicely cooked and crispy around the edges.  All in all a great experience and we'll be back again, hopefully soon.  Even the bathrooms were super nice.  Dress well, share everything you order and bring a date, or your mom!
3	i know some people will really disagree with me on this one ... I found this place to be just ok.  I have gone about 4 times now and usually in a big group.  The food is ok - there are a few dishes that i liked but overall i expected more.  This might be due to my friends talking up this place and setting my expectations very high.  Services has been variable - one time was excellent and another time not so great.  I wouldn't try this place for a date night or dinner for 2 but for groups it can be fun as you share all the tapas everyone orders.Overall a good place but not an amazing place - in my opinion.
4	Went there with friends on a BRUTALLY cold Saturday night. Immediate impression - very cool decor, great crowd, very welcoming. Hostess indicated our table wasn't ready, which wasn't a big deal at that point since we were early for our reservation. We sat at the bar to have a glass of vino, friends joined us. . .however, no wine. Strangely, the bartender ignored us for 20 minutes, then basically told us half the wines were unavailable because the restaurant sold out last night. Hugh?? Since most of the bottles are commonly available, why didn't someone make a run to Total Wine on Saturday??? Very weird. Even stranger, the hostess forgot about us! Even though we visited the hostess station twice, we didn't get seated for 40 minutes, and even then she asked if we had a reservation. . . Things improved once we sat down - our waitress was very good and accommodating. We went with the small Paella and a bunch of tapas. Some highlights: - the eggplant with Machego cheese is AWESOME!! - grilled calamari was excellent. - Braised short ribs with blue cheese fondue was Sublime (great combo of flavors) Pacing of the meal was very good and in keeping with a fine dining place - no one rushed us and we actually shut the place down. Overall, I like this place a lot for the food and ambiance. However, they really need to tighten up on the bar and hostess station.
4	There really isn't much not to like here.  Everyone is really friendly, the interior is open and airy with a great looking bar and an open kitchen area.  The Alberginies Fritas - Fried Eggplant, Manchego, and EV Olive Oil was very good. The Albondigas - Ground Pork & Veal Meatballs were delicious.  They kind of tasted like 1980s NYC public school meatballs which to most may be a bad thing but I loved them.My fiancee tried to buy me one of their "Strong Like Bull" tshirts but was told they sold out and weren't making any more as they're shutting the place down in a month.  Booo.  Residents of Charlotte, go check this place out...You might just keep them around long enough to enjoy sipping Sangria in their outdoor patio this Spring.  Although, the Sangria was kind of weak, but you know what I'm getting at.
5	When this was Las Ramblas, I loved this place and the review is for the now defunct restaurant, not the current business.  The food variety is excellent and it gets you to try things you might not normally eat such as oxtail stew (although they were out when we went).  The olive tapenade is all about the olive so I only had a little bit - not really an olive fan but I thought I'd try it.  The highlight of the dinner (about 8 plates total) was beef short ribs.  They come with a thick brown sherry sauce that is not even needed, they are so tender and delicious!Lastly, for dessert, we had chocolate with EVOO and sea salt on baguette slices.  Wow, they are yummy!
3	Overall good food, but definitely not consistent.  One of the 4 times, I've dined here was with a large group.  3 of us ordered the risotto cake; 1 was undercooked, 1 overcooked, and 1 was perfect.  Loved the short ribs!  Hated the hanger steak.  The olive oil ice cream is surprisingly delicious!  Very unique. Wine selection is decent.  I would eat here again, but not for a special occasion.
4	This place is simply amazing. I first discovered this place my accident and thought it was a wine shop but upon entering i was instantly hooked; because of its laid back atmosphere it is a perfect place to take on a first date or just a place to get up with the girls. The food is so unique and is nothing that you will ever find at any other place. The staff is awesome and very knowledgeable about pairing up wine with food which I'm awful at ; but any way this a well kept secret that needs to be shared .
4	Hit the spot! I had the quesadillas and mac & cheese and both were great. I got the food to go but the patio area looked awesome and the interior was nice as well. Service staff was friendly as well.
2	I ordered the fish tacos, and they were VERY bland. It was like eating air, accept that I paid for it. The waiter was super friend and on top of things though!
4	Decorated nice. The mac-n-cheese and collards were great. Just like when Macs Speedshop first opened.  Heard the bar-b-que was great too.  I had the tuna taco and it was good.  My only advice is to ask for a bigger plate so if anything falls out of the taco it will land on the plate and not the table. Nice patio area also.
2	I enjoyed the space when it was Las Ramblas, but our night out at Sunset was unremarkable.  We started with the goat cheese app...really very good.  But our entrees were meh.  I had the vegetable stack...ok, but a little over spiced.  My friend ordered the burrito at the recommendation of our waiter.  It was so spicy she couldn't eat it.  After she sent it back, it took at least 30 min to receive the sandwich she'd chosen instead.  Service was lacking.  I think we got checked on twice.  It wasn't horrible, just really not impressed.  I can see having a better time ordering apps and wine at the large bar in the center of the room.
4	Mmm Sunset Grille, thanks for a super tasty lunch!I've been meaning to drop by this new resto in place of Las Ramblas and I finally got there for a working lunch. Both my compadre and I enjoyed our meals and friendly, efficient service. Inside Sunset Grille hasn't changed in much of the way of design (from Las Ramblas). It's still a open restaurant with a pretty sweet bar in the middle - I would imagine it's pretty great for large parties, too. The menu is diverse - everything from BBQ (prior Mac's BBQ chef), to burger, to fish dishes, to creative salads. It's definitely a restaurant that will satisfy the masses. I went with the catfish tacos: two generous tacos stuffed with seared catfish, some type of shredded lettuce mix and a really delicious and spicy sauce. Delish! While I stopped myself after 1.5 tacos, I could have wolfed down the rest if it were dinner time!Winos, take note, they have a pretty damn extensive wine list that I will be absolutely returning for. I also saw some pretty decadent desserts come out...many reasons to return for more! FYI - they are serving Sunday brunch now, too!
4	havent eaten there yet BUT LOVE THE BAR!  that is all for now....  i'll re-review after i eat there which will soon bc its a few blocks from my house.  really nice staff, very very nice atmosphere.....super chill vibe that i dig a lot.
4	Monday Sierra Nevada $2.50 & Half Price Wines, Selected ListTuesday Drafts $2.50Wednesday Half Price Wines, Selected ListThursday $3.00 Sam Adams OctoberfestFriday $2.50 Corona & Corona LightSunday $6.00 Mimosa & Bloody Mary Bar$2.00 Domestic Beers All Year Round!Dropped in Sunset Grille this morning for brunch, took a seat at the comfy bar.  The door was propped open, it was a spectacular morning.  Precisely on the stroke of noon, a carafe with a shot of vodka appeared for the bloody mary bar. $6.00 bloody mary  at 12:01p never hurt any body.We shared a huge breakfast of ham, bacon, Neese's sausage and sausage gravy topped with three eggs over easy and a side of Anson Mill's stone ground grits. Food was good, a little on the salty side, but what can you say about comfort food, sometimes salt is present.The menu seemed pretty basic and a reoccuring theme between Mac's, Icehouse and Sunset Grille. Service was great. Great patio and plenty of drink specials.
4	The descriptive that accompanies selecting four stars above is "Yay! I'm a fan."--and that would be an excellent description of our day.We had a Groupon for brunch, sat outside in some wonderful Indian Summer weather, and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. We had a good server, though the staff seemed a little tentative about who was to handle our table, so nobody did at first. Once that was resolved, everything fell into place nicely.When it was time for food, it came in portions just on the good side of abundant (without crossing the Styx into "gluttonous"). A little basket of fritters--like beignets, but without the coating of powdered sugar--was much appreciated by the wife, and a tremendous temptation to this low-carb eating man (I tried a little piece).Dress ran from very casual to after-church dress-up. Parking is easy in the lot adjacent to the restaurant (though it might be more difficult when the other businesses in the center are open). The inside seating area and bar looked as inviting as our little table outside did--when the weather turns, this will still be a nice place to come for a lazy meal. Prices are reasonable, on the lower end of the $$ category, but if you opt for drinks then all bets are off.Brunch piqued our curiosity, and I suspect we'll be back before too long to try lunch or dinner. With or without a Groupon in hand, I thoroughly recommend the experience.
4	This is the 2nd time I've been to Sunset Grille.  I must admit that I was disappointed when they closed Las Ramblas and yet another grill opened, but they've made it work.  Their homemade salad dressings are delish. . .as is the BBQ.  Yah, we'll go back. . .
4	i feel like we caught them at a bad time between lunch and dinner staffing, since we were seated and served by what appeared to be the bartender (possibly owner?) and there didn't seem to be any other servers around. Either way, service was minimal yet adequate. The small BBQ plate with 2 sides was delicious. The BBQ was served on what appeared to be a pancake or cornbread pancake (?). It actually tasted alright, just threw me off. Had to request a side of BBQ to make it just right. The potato salad was very good and the mac n cheese was delicious and made me regret my initial regret of not ordering French fries when i saw them. We both just drank water and were pleased with the carafe of water that was left at our table. i don't mind refilling my own water as needed although i had to slow down my water consumption near the end to ensure we had some left for the full meal.  The prices were reasonable. My small BBQ plate was $9 and a perfect size meal for me. We used our Groupon so i left very satisfied with the meal and cost.   i liked the wood tables, small outdoor seating area, and beer bottle chandelier. The layout of the restaurant seemed awkwardly divided with a kitchen area separate from the cooking area or something.  There were a lot of dirty then clean dishes passing by. i saw four tvs in the bar area. It wouldn't be a top choice for sport watching, but a few tvs are present if that is a necessity for your going out experience. $2.00 Domestic beers all the time.
4	Came here after the Thunder Road 1/2 marathon - we were on a quest for nacho's and comfort food!Ambiance has stayed largely the same, but with the addition of more TV's and hockey decorations. A little odd but fine. Service was great since we were the first people here!The menu, however, has been given a major remodel - the old chef from Mac's Speedshop is now managing here, and the menu reflects it! Much more Southwest/BBQ, along with sandwiches/burgers. We ordered the nacho's (of course) and then a wood grilled four cheese arugula pizza and the pulled pork BBQ sandwich.The nacho's were grilled in the wood fired stove, and the tortilla's had that wonderful smokey taste. Toppings were good overall, with the pork green verde chile outstanding!! The pizza looked really good - thin, smokey crust, good quality cheese and slightly wilted arugula on top. The BBQ was also excellent - pretty much the same as at Macs. Big hunks of pulled pork with a nice mustard sauce on the side, as well as cole slaw and some collards. My only complaint is the bun - it's a corn meal one and so big it overwhelms the meat. However, if you are a BBQ fan, I recommend you check this stuff out.Surprisingly, I had coffee (it was still early) and found it to be very good. Sunset has successfully transitioned to this more casual format and I look forward to coming back here for brunch or dinner.
4	Sunset Grille is a cool little spot.  I liked the variety in seating in the restaurant and the decor was really cool.  It almost seemed kind of fancy but since we were there at lunch time it felt a little more casual.  They have a nice round bar right when you walk in that's very inviting.  The service at lunch time was slow and it looked like there was only one grumpy waiter for the entire restaurant.  The yummy food made up for the fact that the waiter was less than friendly.  I had a bowl of broccoli cheddar soup while I was waiting on my pimento cheese burger with a side of veggies.  The broccoli soup wasn't what I expected but it was surprisingly good.  It was runny with tiny little pieces of broccoli so small that chewing was not necessary.  That's not at all what I'm used to with broccoli soup but it had a really good flavor.  My pimento cheese burger was delicious and the hubby's BBQ was quite good as well.On a side note, Sunset Grille has one of the nicest women's restroom I've been in.  One of my pet peeves is a dirty bathroom in a restaurant.  I am easily won over by restaurants with nice bathrooms.  Good job Sunset Grille.
4	I feel like I've reviewed Sunset Grille before since we go so much, but apparently not and shame on me!Everything here is great - we've tried almost everything but the ones that stand out are: the Chicken and Pork Wet Burrito (Ah-mazing!!!), the beef brisket and the pork sandwich (OMG OMG OMG OMG), and the nachos (huge portion, forget about your dinner and just order this for 2!).The staff is always friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. As Tonya listed, their specials are good and I just love their decor - leather bar height chairs, wicker seating, large bar, roaring pizza oven.... Great place for a date, group of friends or even a private party!
2	I'm disappointed that I'm disappointed with Sunset Grille. I went with a fellow Yelper to use a Groupon I had and I wanted to like this place since I'm always looking for new spots in Dilworth but just had a meh experience.  They brought us these little fried dough balls, sprinkled with powdered sugar. I was on it like white on rice. They best way I could describe them was like a soft funnel cake ball. Unfortunately, that was the best part of my experience there. The prices for the salads were absolutely insane. If you wanted salmon, chicken, shrimp or tuna it, an additional $5! I could've been the frugal girl I am and just brought my own in because I refuse to pay that much for a measly portion of meat on my salad. I ordered the large portion of the Sonoma County Salad It came out quickly and there it was, a glorified greek salad (mental note, ask sister who lives in Sonoma County what their salad exactly is). Maybe I was expecting more for a large salad  since the ingredients sang to me.  Don't get me wrong, it was good but if I would have gotten meat on it and paid $13 for this salad, I would have been very disappointed. Other said Yelper got the Asian chicken salad and it looked like something you would get at Wendy's. Hers was $13 and it she kept calling it a $5.99 salad. If I am going out to spend that much money on something like a salad, I want something substantial that will fill me, not a small plate of lettuce with a few add ins. I know, it's Dilworth and all and the rent is probably a  little high but I think I will just stick to Harris Teeter if I am looking for a bulky salad in the future. Sorry, Sunset Grille, I won't be back.
2	Oh dear Sunset Grille, you must be a gemini because while your breakfast stinks I heard your dinner is divine.  How can to completely different restaurants exists in one place simultaneously??I need to get back (ug only with a coupon tho) to give us another chance.  The atmosphere is absolutely 5 stars, stunning bar, super cool leather seats and cozy wood burning fire place for pizzas.  The salad I had here was 'on the right track' but missing a lot.  It was the Asian Chicken salad and only had 3 ingredients...mixed greens, chicken, corn and crispy wontons.  My price-to-value radar went off when I compared the meager salad with the hefty 13 dollar price.  I will give you another chance Sunset!!!  To be continued....
3	You know - I wanted to write "I love Sunset Grille", but then I thought about it and it really occurred to me that I don't love Sunset Grille.  I like Sunset Grille, and I will return to Sunset Grille, but it's not my favorite place in Charlotte.  It's OK.  The service is great, the layout is cool and it appears to have a happening bar if you hit it at the right time.  Food-wise, it's just OK.  I love breakfast sandwiches (and you should try this place for brunch...), but they do not have a typical breakfast sandwich, which was disappointing.  I had an Eggs Benedict's, sans Hollandaise (because you should not really eat that in a restaurant unless you know they made it right then - Thanks Anthony Bourdain for that tip).  The canadian bacon was really, really, really salty though.  Other things I have had: An open face turkey sandwich, which now that I think about it - was salty too.  I also tried a blackbean burger with fries that was OK.  So, as I wrote above - the more I think about it, Sunset is OK.  They try hard and are extremely attentive there, but there are better places for food in my opinion.
3	Sunday brunch at Sunset Grille is A-OK. This was my first visit since it was converted from Las Ramblas and the decoration is pretty much the same except that they mounted a few TVs up on the walls and some random jerseys. The complementary donut fritters that are delicious. The menu is fine - I would have liked a little more variety. When we did get our food, it was OK.  The service, nice enough.
5	Food is always delicious!  I can't decide if the fish tacos are my favorite or the pizzas..... Yum!Service is great.  Prices are fair.  Drink specials are awesome.Love the outside patio.  What a great treat in Dilworth!
4	Some of the nicest staff, ever. we started with the pico and guac, the pico is more of a roasted tomato salsa than a crisp chopped mixture, but the flavor was very nice. the guac was nothing spectacular, but it didn't disappoint. the brisket sandwich my sister ordered was phenomenal, my tuna tacos were really good (the slaw had more of a tart/raw cabbage than a sweet undertone, which i tend to like - but just FYI), and the fries were delicious... just a bit of seasoning, thin, that perfect crispy outside with piping hot, soft center. I was a little upset no pulled pork was available (it was still in the oven) but the tacos were just fine as a substitute. there was so much on the menu i wanted to try, I plan to make it back soon and enjoy that patio! (especially now that I know they offer a free app with your checkers ticket, awesome!) full bar, great beer selection, and olde meck on tap! and there were rumblings of a life size jenga set??
5	WE love this place for lunch and have visited multiple times. The food is always done right - perfectly cooked and seasoned to suit me. They make great smokey flavored dishes on their wood fired grill and the BBQ pork is great, so is the beef brisket sandwich and the burgers. The side orders are all great, as well.The place is very large and open and has a lovely,  friendly and comfortable feel.  The kitchen is open and you can watch the cook.
3	CLOSED?I attempted to go this past Saturday night.  They were closed, with a sign on the door saying the were moving and to follow the progress on their website.  However, there is nothing on the homepage about a move.
4	my husband and I enjoyed the food the ribs, collard greens, potato salad,all was delicious I gave them 4 stars because there drinks were horrible! Drink a beer at least they can't mess that up.
