4	For one year while I was in college in CA, we had a Jamba Juice on campus that we could use our meal cards on. This was unfortunately, too good to last. I still drop by when I see them and pick up one of my old favorites. My post-gym Jamba was consistently the Protein Berry Pizzazz, but the hangover juice was usually Strawberries Wild. I never had a "bad" Jamba, though. Ever. That's saying something.
5	My obsession with Jamba has increased over the years and I believe it started when my friend Aimee started working there! Aimee you need to pay for my rehab. Jamba is delicious! My favorite flavor is Peach Pleasure! MMM. Recently they added all fruit smoothies which are surprisingly good and good for you! They also give you a free boost with your smoothie. I usually get an immunity boost in my smoothies. I used to go to this location for breakfast back in high school at least once a week, and the staff was really nice and fast.Here are some of favorite flavors:Orange Dream MachinePeach PleasureStrawberry Whirl
4	This Jamba location has some tough competition now that Ice Tango shares the same shopping center!For whatever reason, I was craving a smoothie from Jamba over the weekend, so I headed over to this location for the first time.  (I've had JJ from other locations a handful of times but still haven't found that perfect "fruit filling favorite" of my own.)  While I do like Jamba Juice, I think there are better places to get my juice and/or smoothie fix.  However, it does the job...I went with one of their new yogurt blends this time; actually, I added blueberries to the sunrise strawberry so that it included strawberries, bananas, nonfat plain yogurt, soymilk (and blueberries for 50 cents more) + I added my free boost (I chose the daily vitamin).The girl making my drink spilled it all over but made enough to still fill the cup, so it was fine.  When I questioned to make sure I did indeed get the sixteen ounce size that I paid for, I felt that she gave me a little bit of attitude, but I can handle that.  Maybe she was having a bad day!Jamba Juice is a safe bet if you're craving a nutritious drink... you've got plenty to choose from ranging from all fruit juices, jamba light drinks under 160 calories, jamba teas, smoothies, blends, and indulgences... you can also get shots of matcha green tea and wheatgrass (yuck!) :)I guess I'll have to return until I find a fave 'go-to' Jamba that makes me jump... let me know if you have suggestions, or perhaps I'll just go across the shopping center to my new fave place Ice Tango instead?!
5	I am obsessed with their Acai smoothie. Their store is bright, colorful and smell of oranges, it always puts me in a good mood and everyone is always super-friendly.
5	I am loving Jamba Juice right now! I have been here a few times in the last couple of weeks and have loved everything I have ordered. I also like that you can add a boost to the drink to make it even more nutritious! The boosts include probiotic, flax, fiber, calcium, extra vitamins and minerals, whey protein, antioxidants, soy protein and an immunity boost! Both the juices and smoothies I have tried have been awesome. The staff at this location are great always friendly and fast.
5	Yum! Yum! Yum!  I'm such a fan of Jamba Juice when I want a quick, healthy snack or lunch replacement.  You can get anything from a Jamba light drink to a thicker smoothie with yogurt and lots of extras.  I stuck with the light Berry Fulfilling, because then I could get a larger size for equal calories of course!  It was delicious!  I got the Original size and it was huge.  Definitely plenty.  They also have some healthy snacks (Clif Kids bars!) and is a fantastic option when you want something fast.  I think I'm craving another one today!
4	Stick with the fruit smoothies and add whatever health shots you are needing.  I've tried a few of the hot blends and am not a big fan.  The spicy chai tastes gritty and the green matcha has some bitter harshness to it.  Service is helpful, friendly, and quick.  Wish they had more of a seating area rather than the to-go setup.
3	Was shopping @ Costco when I started craving for a smoothie, so I whipped out my 'Droid Charge, clicked on my Yelp app, searched for the nearest smoothie spot, and up came JJ to my rescue.  Hurrying out, I quickly made my way to JJ and was immediately greeted welcome by the young and handsome employee behind the counter.  I quickly apologized that I hadn't been to a Jamba Juice in a long time, and he asked if I'd need a minute, or would I like to hear some of his suggestions?  I said, "Sure!  Do you have any items that are new on the menu?"  And he was quick on the draw w/ the new line called "Fruit Refreshers," three fruit smoothies, or more like virgin frozen margaritas, I thought, made w/ coconut water, so they're lighter, and also good for you, y'know?  Craving strawberries, I chose the Strawberry Lemonade, which was made w/ strawberry puree, lemonade, coconut water, and lime sorbet.  Very tangy, which I appreciated, and sweetened just right-- no additional sugar added, save the sugar that came w/ the fruit and the coconut water.  (Looking over www.jambajuice.com, I see that I chose the one w/ the highest calorie count: 230 calories in 16 oz; the others clock in at 10 or 20 calories less.  I'm not too concerned, however; I didn't even finish a third of it-- the rest I'm saving for a treat after tomorrow's swim!)Aside from a slight headache, which may be caused by brain freeze (!) or allergies, I'm impressed enough to stop by again to try the other two varieties (Purely Pineapple and Tropical Mango).  I'll have to hurry back soon, as these are only being offered for a limited time.Update:  Looks like I won't be having any more of these Fruit refreshers-- everytime I take a sip, I get a headache that lasts for at least an hour soon after.  The drink is still tasty, so I recommend it to others!
2	I am giving 4.5 stars to the service but just 1 star for the beverage. Here's the story.I was thrilled to see a jamba juice in the shopping center I was in. I love jamba juice and have my go to: razzmataz that I always request.This time I came in and as always, ordered a razzmattaz. I got it and went back in the car. I took a sip and realized it just tasted off. It simply wasn't sweet enough and seemed to be lacking an ingredient. I was going to just suck it up and drink it anyway but I was with my mother and as she said "you should get what you pay for and this wasn't cheap" so she went in and nicely told them that it just didn't taste right.They very graciously offered to quickly make a new one and even upgraded us to a much larger size. I thought this was great customer service!Sadly, the drink still tasted like it was lacking the sweetness.I am not sure if their recipe was off or what but I was left disappointed in the taste.
5	I like this Jamba Juice. It's the closest to my work (although still 4 miles away). The employees are always friendly and know how to interpret my order of "blueberry, pomegranate something or another, you know?". It is always prepared quickly as well and I'm in and out in a snap! My friend didn't like it too much when I got him one but then again he lives off of energy drinks so his taste buds are probably no longer attuned to the flavor of "healthy".
5	I brought my bf with me to Jamba Juice and he had never been, the girl behind the counter was very nice, helped my boyfriend find something that he would like. Her name was Ashley i would have thought she a manger, she had GREAT customer service come to find out that she is only 16! I have never meet someone so young that has such great customer service! She knew what she was talking about, and  made our drinks perfect! I hope a manager sees this post and she gets the recognition she deserves :)
4	The beverages area always good and refreshing. This is your typical Jamba Juice, nothing outside of that but that's not a bad thing.The store is clean, the people are friendly and the drinks are good.The drinks do seem to be getting more expensive but it's definitely worth it and the ingredients used are always tasty. No complaints here.
5	Yum!
5	Great location, friendly staff, knowledgeable.
3	The smoothies taste sort of like chemicals. In fact, the whole store smells weird. Why is it all of the stores have this same strange aroma to them? What is it that makes them smell this way?Well either way, it's not a good smell. I think the prices are pretty high for what you're getting. I'm also completely over the mega chains, I would rather support my local smoothie joint that uses only fresh fruit and never any mysterious additives (Buzzberry on McDonald and Granite Reef).I doubt I'll return.
4	I'm here enough I was greeted by my first name last week. The service is always phenomenal, the smoothies always taste the same (I'm addicted the Apples & Greens) but the pretzels are hit or miss. Twice now there hasn't actually been cheese in the cheese stuffed pretzels =\
4	It was about 10:30am and I needed some fuel to keep me going. I decided to give this Jamba Juice a try and I'm glad I did. Jamba has some new menu items, so I took my time reading the menu. I really wanted something with pineapple and I saw the Aloha Pineapple. I asked the girl behind the counter if it was really pineapple-y. She said she hadn't tried it but heard it was good. I decided to give it a whirl. While waiting, she told me they have a pinacolda drink if I didn't like my drink. I thought that was really nice of her to let me know about other options. My drink came up quickly and it was tasty. Not as pineapple-y as I wanted, but the strawberries made it delicious. I'd definitely come back and try some of their other new items.
2	Tried a green smoothie, the apple and greens. My smoothie was way to icy, i had to ask them to blend it again. Next time, I'll just order my goto here, the mango-a-gogo.
3	Concerning popular chains like Jamba Juice, the only reason factors that can push a review off the 3 star edge is the service, whether good or bad, or the food - whether they have a secret menu or they often screw up the recipe. This location really hasn't done any of that for me. I can get my smoothie in and out no problem, and the service is standard. This location does everything it needs to get by as a business, but nothing really outstanding has happened for me here.
3	Since I'm here multiple times a week I know what a particular smoothie is going to taste like, last week I ordered an Apples & Greens (as usual) but it had this horrible bitter taste to it. They kindly remade it but while it was blending the girl decided to add more mango. Seriously? You can't just decide to add more/less of certain ingredients as you see fit. Follow the recipe and it'll taste the way it should. Not to mention lately there is less and less smoothie in my cup, I need to order a power just to get an original. It's annoying when you can see plenty of smoothie left in the blender and I can see an inch and a half of cup because it's not full. I used to be impressed with this staff but as of late they all seem lazy.
3	Long time fan but recently the quality has gone down hill,  the cups aren't filled and now they are tasting watered down,  I'm thinking that they are just using a lot more ice and less product and a watered down smoothy is pretty sad.   So next time you visit look at how much ice they dump in the blender.On a personal note when I do smoothies at home I use frozen strawberries so that I don't need to use _any_ ice  (hint hint).
5	I love visiting this location.  Easy access on and off of the 101.  The crew is always cheerful, and the store is always clean. I recently tried the oatmeal, and it is excellent.  Plus, the wheat grass shots are good quality.  My favorite is the Peanut Butter Moo'd Smoothie.
5	I absolutely Love this place! I have been coming to this location for over 2 years, I go out of my way just to go to this location, the employees are really nice. I always purchase the same smoothie every time with alot of special things added and they are always happy to accommodate me. The store is always clean.
5	Love this place.  Accepted all sort of Groupons, smoothie and juice, unless other locations where they only accept one or the other.  Fast and accurate service too, great place to get a healthy drink on the go.
1	I had always had good experiences in tis store until my last visit.I purchased a promo from Groupon that does not specifically exclude any drinks anywhere in the listing.  When I got to the store - and after ordering and presenting the coupon - I was pointed to a blackboard with the only drinks the coupon was valid for.  Bait and switch. It was clear these were the drinks they must have a high inventory of components for and wanted to off load at a discount.This is a totally unacceptable practice both on the stores part as well as Groupon.  The question is - now what do I do with the other two coupons ?  Have an argument each time I go there ?
