5	I have been waiting for a place like this on the west side of town! The owners are incredible sweet and accommodate any food allergies you may have! The sandwiches, wraps and bowls are so fresh and flavorful.  This is my 3rd time coming in this week! Their smoothies so so yummy! My favorite is the Avocados and Cream, you can add a fortifier too if you like for a little extra. I haven't had anything I didn't like and will keep this lil gem as my go to spot!
5	I have eaten here twice and it's becoming my go-to place to eat before I go to class at DeVry/Keller. The owners are extremely welcoming and helpful with the menu. It's great that they cater to allergies and food sensitivities and accommodate to dietary restrictions.I've had the Portobello and Hummus sandwiches on gluten-free bread and they're both delicious. Don't be surprised if the gluten-free sandwiches come small for the price, but if you get a combo with the smoothie, it's enough to keep you feeling full. The Chunky Monkey and Avocados and Cream are to die for! They have different kinds of milk like soy milk or almond milk. I literally had a Ratatouille moment when I drank the Avocados and Cream. You know from the movie, where one taste takes you back to your childhood because it's such a positive and delicious experience?I totally recommend this place because it's a healthier alternative among the plethora of fast food and restaurants at Westgate. Try Fresh Health Cafe now!
4	It's been quite a while since I've been pleasantly surprised by the simple quality of the food provided by such a random little restaurant. I have to admit my expectations were pretty low when I decided to give Fresh a try. I figured it would just be another spot that served "healthier" meals; meaning smaller portions at higher prices. Yes, the prices are a little high. But the payoff is a fantastic little panini or wrap, made with higher quality ingredients, that kept me satisfied for hours.If you're looking for a bite to eat before an event at the stadium or arena, Fresh is a fantastic alternative in the vast array of traditional fast-food and full-service restaurants that make up Westgate.
5	This place is so fresh and delicious, I actually felt lighter after eating here. They have a great selection. I got the turkey bacon avocado panini and the chunky monkey smoothy and was so satisfied. And the prices are ridiculously affordable for being so fresh and healthy. I will most definitely be back!
4	Dragged in here by my healthfood crazy girlfriend. I was looking forward to a nice thick steak or a rack of ribs at Westgate before a movie. She got really excited when we passed it so i reluctantly agreed to eat here. You know what? Not half bad! I had a Mediterranean panini that was pretty tasty. We'll come back,I'm sure of it. Still woulda liked my med rare new York strip...
4	Great service and fresh good food. I enjoy the smoothies as well! What a great place to get a healthy meal breakfast, lunch or dinner.
