5	By far, the best Gentleman's Club in Phoenix.  The girls here are gorgeous.  It is a little pricier than some of the other places, but the eye candy is the best.  Have fun other weary travelers!
5	Having not been to a strip club in awhile, I had a blast with clients at Phoenix's most famous gentlemen's club.  $10/cover and $10/lap dances with friendly, gorgeous, well mannered entertainers made the night go way too quickly.Highlights include a pair of Parisian identical blonde twins and a Brazilian angel who looked like she belonged on the cover of Vogue.
5	Best strip club in Phoenix... no contest. Went here tonight after writing strip club reviews all day which sparked a debate among my friends - we decided to check it out since none of us had been here before. And why the fuck haven't we?? I'm pretty picky and I'll just say that every girl in here is good looking and has a good body. Even the least attractive girl here would be the best looking girl in most other clubs in town. Many of them are downright beautiful.Cover was 8 bucks, there wasn't a drink minimum (but drinks were as pricey as any other club) and dances were 10 bucks... VIP was 20 bucks and wasn't terribly private, but it was nice. My girlfriend got some good dances and we spent our 80 bucks so quick we had to make another run to the ATM before we had even been there an hour. The place has 3 stages and the girls have to rotate to all three which keeps them from being available for awhile and that's kind of a bummer. It's nice though because there's always something to look at. There are a LOT of girls here too, so you won't be sitting there forever waiting for someone to ask you if you want a dance. I was told that the management here was great too and most of the girls I talked to had worked at other clubs but found this one to be the best by far. This place is a little more laid back than other clubs... the girls don't go crazy with the pole dancing - guess when you're hot you don't have to. At first I thought they were just looking bored, but when they come around to chat they light up. This place is more about mingling than watching a show.Bourbon Street blows the doors off pretty much every club in town and even ones in Vegas. If you have the urge for flesh or out of town guests and just want a mellow time with some beautiful girls putting boobs in your face, definitely go here.
4	High Quality Stripper Talent!A group of us went to Bourbon Street after a night out at the clubs, and man, does this place have some amazing girls working there! I've only been to a few strip clubs with my husband, and the one's we've been to have been a little gross and the girls were skanky.Bourbon Street had some amazingly beautiful dancers of all shapes and sizes and the tricks they could do on the pole were seriously impressive. We're talking upside spinning in a circle with their legs tucked behind their ears while juggling amazing. Well, maybe not the juggling part, but everything else holds true. My girlfriend and I had to pee, but there didn't have a ladies bathroom except in the locker room so we got a sneak peek at the inner workings where the girls get ready, which was an experience in itself.
5	Great place, very hot women, 3 stages for women to dance on so you can move around and check out a diff stage if you want, i was there on a thurs nite so the girls outnumbered the customers and they were all hot. there was also amazing diversity as the girls come in all shapes sizes and ethnicities. the best thing is this is the friendliest place i've been to so far, i saw two old guys chilling with like 5 girls around them and the girl that gave me a dance didnt just shake her ass in front of me like most places, she made it very personal also the girls here are sociable and lastly they give you popcorn lol
1	1990's this place was the best club around.  Now it's the worst. I mean sure there are a few boobies to look at but that's about it.  The girls don't talk to anyone and ask if you want a table dance.  I checked around the room a few times and other than the three dancers on the three stages THERE WERE NO OTHER GIRLS TO BE SEEN IN THE PLACE, (well other than the ones in our party, but they weren't dancing).We tried asking the servers to bring us some dancers, and nothing.  We tried to make it rain money on the dancers and told them to come back and nothing!  This was a "busy" Saturday night so you would think the dancers would on their A game, but nothing. If I'm gonna go to a titty bar I at least want that stripper perfume sent on me next time!  I going to check out Band-Aids next time
2	60% of the dancers are great looking but th eproblem is they discriminate and the dancers seem to choose the guys they want to dance to. I saw neary 7 girls but the really hot ones never came to me. They would look at me and then pass on to the next table. They even spent time sitting idle or sitting in some one else's table rather than asking me.So i request the management to speak to these girls and ask them not to discriminate. Since everyone pays the cover charge, the girls need to be told to ask each and everyone else management should refund the cobver charge.
5	Great safe and cool place. Every kind of dancer you can imagine...
4	During our stay for Spring Training 2010 this was the best place place in Phoenix area!! Hands down. This was after frequenting 6 strip clubs that week. I will go there again .
4	Top notch. This place doesn't fall into the standard trappings of a strip club. Breakin' it down like a fraction:-Bona Fide Hotties (no buttahfaces or methies)-Lap dances are worth it-Not seedy, you could bring your girl along, she'll have a good timeWhy not 5 stars? Because I wouldn't call most of the girls friendly or fun to talk to. They are mostly 'vets' that mostly just ask for a dance (money) and move on.
4	Of all the strip clubs in Phoenix I've been to, Bourbon Street is the one that always calls me back. Granted I've only been to a handful, albiet mostly the popular ones, this one is the best. They have countless girls dancing and they are all really really friendly... and not that shiesty friendly where they just want your money (they have a few of those too) but actual genuinely nice people. I was the only one out of about 7 people sitting by the stage that could get the girls bra off with one hand. They all tried and failed, I put one hand behind her back, and SNAP! Came right off, and then I wore it on my head for the rest of her dance as my titty champion crown.They give out free popcorn, the beers are at least decently priced, and they have three states with the girls rotate through. You're seeing someone new about every 3-5 minutes. On the weekends you have to stay for at least an hour to see the same person come back on.
4	I support single moms, ok?Lots of very friendly and pretty girls.  However, the place was so dark that people were literally, falling over chairs trying to walk thru.  I'll be back.
4	More 10's than any other club I remember visiting.  I'll be taking my gf there sometime soon :)  Yay!
2	Went with another couple and you would of thought we had a disease or something.  Just wasn't couple friendly at all.  Drinks were not worth what you paid for them $20 for a beer and mixed drink in a SMALL glass.  I guess you get what you pay for. We paid $10 a person for the privilege of being snubbed.  Dancers if you want to earn money act like you want to be there and see everyone not just those you think you will make more money. I've been to better strip clubs and will make sure to take my business there.
2	Nice place with decent girls but they not very hands on.  Throwing money out on stage was just a waste.  Was not even offered lap dances.  My wife and friend were treated the same.  Also $10 cover for a topless bar is kinda high.
4	Been here twice, once in the afternoon (on a random Wednesday) and once at night (Friday night I believe). Place is dark as fuck but the dancers are cute and super friendly. Had to pay a cover which I think is BS (thought girls didn't have to pay these, i did) (also note: no cover in the afternoon) but apparently every strip club from scottsdale to phoenix has covers because I went to 2 other strip clubs before this one... so it was a pricey night for me anyway. Ladies bathroom is through the changing rooms for the strippers so......... so yea, it was fun. i got a lapdance so no complaints, plus free popcorn (didnt dare try). nice spot overall!
5	I wanted to give Bourbon St. 4 stars because I take issue with the perception of  "perfection" in pretty much ANY establishment, but I could not think of any complaints about this place. Also, of the 5 AZ strip clubs I have been to, this one is the best, hands down.My observations:- Impressive selection of hot girls- Interesting blend of music- Super dark- Good seating pretty much anywhere- Three stages- Popcorn- Tasty drinks- Friendly, concierge-type staffThe best thing for a FEMALE client is the ladies' room is IN THE STRIPPERS' LOCKER ROOM. So you get to see a lot of T&A on the way. For a people watcher like me, this is priceless. Probably my favorite part of going to Bourbon St.
3	My boyfriend and I went strip club hopping on a Monday night. Our final stop was to Bourbon Street. $8 cover. The first thing my boyfriend said upon entering is "it's really dark in here". I thought the club was small but that was before I noticed there's a large back area with another stage. They have the yummiest free popcorn that I could not stop eating. I like the set up they have in here. The girls do one song on the back stage, then they switch to the front stage. There is a girl there with an amazing body with great muscle, her name is LaRue. I asked her if she competes and she said she's a FIGURE competitor. I told her I am on a journey to lose 135 pounds and compete in FIGURE myself. She was awesome and said for me to come back and visit her when I reach my goal. One of the things I did like is that ALL the girls had nice bodies, great boobs and nice butts. It looks like the hiring manager atleast sets a criteria for how the girls look. I've been to clubs where the majority of girls have nubs for boobs and that's just not my style. The bigger and faker the better to me. None of the girls asked us if we wanted a lap dance. I've noticed this trend amongst strip clubs. If I was a manager I'd make my girls work the floor more. My boyfriend and I ALWAYS get a lap dance if we're asked. I liked Bourbon street.
5	This is just the best club I have ever been to. The dancers are all professionals, like you wouldn't believe. Sometimes pornstars come work in this club, too. The VIP used to be run by a duo of ladies, and I've never seen a more rotated VIP room. Seriously, it doesn't make sense that the VIP is hosted by men. Think about it. Anyways, the chairs are cushy and oversized. The stage has cool lighting and there are many corners to get lost in. I thought the food was good, too. Crazy!
4	let's get this out there, more of a disclaimer. I may be a guy BUT i'm not of the straight persuasion, so, my experiences are based on how I felt at the time.I've been to Bourbon twice, both times with a friend, a straight girl who has a thing for the ladies. Yea, it's dimly lit, um, no, it's dark. There's a $5 cover, and they serve free popcorn (which i gotta admit is kinda good). My first time at Bourbon, I didn't really involve myself, I sat there like a creeper, staring, not because I was turned on but more like I was taking in the experience. My most recent visit though I decided I was gonna have fun, so, I decided to base my tipping on how the girls looked (for example if they had killer stripper shoes, nice lingerie, killer pole dancing moves, etc.). It was fun, and it was nice to small talk with the girls. They're all professionals, some are great with their moves, others are lackluster but they are all enthusiastic. I did appreciate that a majority of the girls I saw dance did not have fake cleavage. We stayed until last call, my friend got one of the girls to bring her back to the "office" for a dance, from what I heard it was $$ well spent. Will I go back? yea, it's fun, I just got to be in the mood for it. Sadly, I felt a little discriminated at times because some girls would ignore my tips, apparently they knew I'd be a waste, oh well. lol.
4	Stopped in one nigh with a few coworkers and this place was packed on a weeknight. They had three stages with girls rotating through each one. They have a full bar and food is served. Lap dances are done on the floor and they also have a Vip area for more private dances. Amazing club and if I end up in the Phoenix area again I will be stopping by again.
4	Chapter 1: Bourbon Street As A Roller RinkBourbon has all the charms of your childhood roller rink. Black lights! Vending machines! Watered down soda! Popcorn!Chapter 2: Bourbon Street As Mount Everest -- Act OneThe women's toilet is located deep inside the strippers' locker room north of the DJ booth, due east of the vending machines. You really need a Sherpa to help traverse the mounds of hair extensions and treacherous piles of Pleasers. Chapter 3: Bourbon Street As Mount Everest -- Act TwoIf you're lucky, you can also happen upon the most entertaining conversations (usually about money, material items, estranged children, etc.).  Then, breathe a sigh of relief as you emerge from the clouds of cheap perfume and glitter -- you've conquered it. A regular ol' Jon Krakauer, and hopefully you still have all your limbs.Chapter 4: Bourbon Street As A CourtroomLadies and mainly Gentlemen of the Jury, for the record, no "22 year old" likes/or even knows WHO the Meat Puppets are. Furthermore, I submit to you, anyone who chooses 'Possum Kingdom' by the Toadies as her main stage song is well into their thirties. Guilty. I rest my case.[Exhibit A: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkwD5rQ-_d4]
4	We went on a Tue night after a wind storm. Club was full of attractive enhanced women of high spirits and great attitudes.
5	My fiance and our friends always have a great time here. Girls are nice, place is clean, the popcorn is a plus! Scottsdale clubs are closer, but this place is worth the extra drive time.
2	Was decent. Girls were not very energetic but looked great.At some point my wallet fell i out of my pocket and the management returned it to me cashless. I kind of expected it, but they didnt offer any kind of retribution for being robbed. Like it should happen, or.they were fully aware of it. Pretty shady
