4	Ham samich.  They don't get much better than this.  I highly recommend trying one if you haven't.I quite enjoyed my Tavern sandwich.  Ham, bacon, cheese, tomato, lettuce, and a delicious honey mustard sauce were perfectly crafted between two slices of whole wheat bread.  I'd have to say this is one of the best deli style places I've been too, but keep in mind that I am not really a deli sandwich connoisseur.  I got the ham salad as a side, and I would have to say it was the right choice.  It was down right delicious.  Just do yourself a favor, and get this stuff with your sandwich.  Better yet, they have a ham salad sandwich (that I can't wait to try).The service was friendly too.  The manager gave us four catering packages to give out to our business associates.  I am really hoping that my work orders some catering service from Honeybaked Ham.  They just kill that other deli that we have been ordering from for our staff meetings!
5	I just love this place.I love to cook and bake but I will honestly admit that when Thanksgiving and Easter come around I have to serve a HBH on my table. It is just too yummy and gives me the time to make all the sides.I stopped in for lunch and was surprised at the options they have now for lunch.Sine this one is in the same Walmart parking lot I do my grocery shopping it is a convenient stop for a yummy lunch sandwich.I ordered a "Tavern Club". It had Honey baked Ham and Honey Baked Turkey! It also had onion, tomato, honey mustard, mayo, bacon, cheese and was served on multi-grain bread. It cost $5.99. I decided to make it a combo which added another $1.99 and got a can of Coke and a bag of chips.  It tasted SO good!The staff was very friendly and made my sandwich fresh right in front of me. The cashier gave me a coupon for my next visit and a punch card. For every 5th sandwich you buy you get 1 free. Just ask them for one! They punched the coupon she gave me and said they will transfer it each time I come in.If you haven't stopped by for lunch and are thinking they just offer whole or mini hams then you have to give a sandwich a try!
4	Who doesn't like Honeybaked Ham? Every holiday season I can't wait for leftovers to make sandwiches. I never considered going here out of holiday because I didn't know they make sandwiches or sell by the pound or small hams until recently! Grabbed a Classic Honeybaked sandwich was rather sizeable croissant sandwich and was pretty darn satisfying. I like the honey mustard dressing they put on it.... I should have purchased a bottle. Now that I've had that, It makes perfect sense to serve that on the holidays too.This is close to the house, I will definitely be coming back for another sandwich soon and a mini ham.
4	Yes I do not eat meat- no this place doesn't have much for a vegetarian. But I am not one to judge based on bias food needs. I think this place has great sandwiches (which you can personalize) and great sides. A little pricey (2$ for a can of Cola and 2$ for a small cup of potato salad) but pretty darn good.The snickerdoodle cookies are to die for, and they have all manner of types of chips and sides to go with whatever you are in need of. I will try a cheese sandwich one of these days, with the yummy tater salad!
4	Famous during the holidays but also a great spot for lunch. Their lunch combos are delish! Around $6 or so. The store is always clean. And the employees are always very helpful. The store is usually empty when I go, I don't think many people think to come here unless its thanksgiving or Christmas. Ask for their lunch card. After 5 sammies, the 6th one is free!!
3	This review is solely based on their sandwiches cause we love their ham and get one every year for the holidays! Maybe we went in with too high of expectations but we were super disappointed with the food.Without question, their meat is some of the best. We had two sandwiches, the Roasted Turkey w/ Apple Butter and the Tavern Club. Both meats alone were spectacular as expected but the sandwiches altogether were just ok. They are skimpy with the toppings, they microwave their bacon and the pretzel bread...tasted nothing like pretzel. It pretty much had no flavor at all. Their hickory honey mustard is super sticky and other than a slight honey flavor, it's dull. I did like the apple butter but they doused the sandwich with it and it overpowered the turkey. For the prices of $6.49 and $6.99, I thought they were super skimpy with the toppings. Then to make it a combo with a small side or chips then a CAN of soda, it'll cost you another $2.49. We both left still hungry and pretty bummed out about the whole experience.
5	I had a coupon for a $6.99 sandwich combo and stopped by here for lunch. They have a pretzel bun for a limited time so I decided to get a Tavern on it. Since I ordered the combo it came with a deli side or chips and a can of soda. The tavern had ham, turkey, bacon, cheddar, tomato, lettuce, mayo and honey mustard. So much flavor! The pretzel bun was soft and good but didn't have much pretzel flavor. I still liked the pretzel bun better than the multi-grain bread it usually comes on. I saved $2.49 on the combo with coupon. The can if soda is kept with the packaged ham so it is refreshingly ice cold. The dude who took my order was nice and gave me a new punch card. The girl who made my sandwich went over all what comes on the sandwich and asked if I wanted anything removed. They have tables inside and plenty of their chutneys and other goodies for sale. Getting a whole ham is tradition at Easter and Thanksgiving from here and always a treat. I have not tried the sides here since my wife makes all that from scratch but around the Holidays they have good promotions that include sides. If you are not in the mood to buy a whole or mini ham... At least stop by for sandwich.
5	We have been here several times, but mostly for holiday meals. We love the boneless ham! I actually thought that I did not like baked ham until my husband insisted I try it and now I love it! We have also had their turkey breast and I have no complaints; it is very good. We have also enjoyed all of their side dishes that we have had. We will be picking up ham and or turkey for Christmas.
3	I placed my order online and showed up at my designated time on Christmas Eve only to find one long line that weaved through the business and out the door. There was no separate line for those who already ordered. Once in line, I had to wait there for 45 minutes behind a person with serious intestinal issues. Once I got to the front of the line, I asked if he wanted my order number and he said it wasn't necessary.... Then why did I bother placing an order at all???? As I told him my list of items, I asked for the $6.99 mini cheesecake from my online order and he said they didn't have that. I inquired about what they had comparable and was told a full-size cheesecake sampler for $14.99. I started to complain and he called over another employee who proceeded to tell me the website is not indicative of their selection. WHAT???? I was at a complete loss.Fortunately, the food was amazing and the package deals made the cost very reasonable. I will probably go back, but begrudgingly.
2	Honestly, I'd give them zero stars after today's lunch but that's not an option. Hubby and I realized that we needed to eat lunch before hitting Sam's Club. Especially Hubby, he's the King of Impulse Shopping and, at Sam's, that would mean junk in bulk!We had two combo meal sandwiches, total cost of $19.42 (just think how many cases of licorice he could have bought for that!)First, his... he got the chicken salad with the broccoli-bacon salad on the side. His description: "I've had better chicken salad from the gas station, two days old and wrapped in cellophane." I declined his offer to have a taste. The broccoli-bacon salad was almost good, but not quite there. It was dry, and needed "something". Hubby ate about 1/4 of his sandwich and one taste of the salad, tossed the rest.Now for mine, the smoked turkey breast. I had wanted to try the pasta salad but they didn't have any, so I got the potato salad. The potato salad was boring, just an average mayo covered potato salad (tossed after tasting). The turkey sandwich was the main crime. The sandwich was smoked turkey, cheese, lettuce, tomato & mayo on a bun.. along with what they called hickory honey mustard. I could only taste one thing, honey. MASSIVE amounts of honey, it was like an entire bear was dumped on there. Hubby tasted it, he gagged also. On a plus note, the cans of Coke were fine. The clerk had asked for our phone number when I was ordering... my  phone number?!? I asked why, the owner/manager guy said that it would use our phone number to access a database and pull our email address so they could send us coupons! I declined, horrified at this massive intrusion and misuse of data. When did it become acceptable to invade privacy like that? Never, when it regards MY life!8/15/14 Update: Added a star for the owner's great customer service attempts.. she did everything and then some to try to make up for this. I refused her offers, because I thought the sandwich was THAT vile, but her stellar attempts are worth a star upgrade.  If she had offered to let me take all their containers of "hickory honey mustard" to a shooting range and promise to never allow that vile concoction back into  the store, then I might have agreed to give them a 2nd chance.  ;-)
5	I was looking for a w lunch spot while out shopping.  This cafe came to mind. I was greeted quickly by the cashier. She was quick and friendly.I ordered the classic ham sandwich with a few custom requests. I ordered it plain- no mayo or honey mustard and on wheat bread instead of a croissant. The cashier had no problem customizing my sandwich.  Greatly appreciated! The sandwich was yummy! Real ham off the bone. Im glad I ordered it plain because I tried the packet of honey mustard and was it gross! Too sweet and more like ham glaze! Not good uncooked.I also checked in and used the free chips and drink offer! Thanks Yelp!
