4	at Palace @stationcasinos on St Patricks Day for Corned Beef,Cabbage, Red Potaotes and a Pint for $12.This bar REALLY gets to rocking with LIVE entertainment and HOT waitresses dressed in SHORT plaid skirts.Great Beer Specials and the food wasn't half bad either!! The corned beef was good a little dry but good, the potatos slightly hard and undercooked and the cabbage JUST right. Overall all tasty enough for this Irish tradition and it didn't hurt it cam with a PINT:)
4	The last time I went to Vegas, I stayed at the Palace Station because the hubs loves the Oyster Bar (You MUST go!) and I got a great deal and the room which was really nice.Anyway, while exploring the hotel we stumbled across Jack's.Hummm....Love this place.The bar had video machines there, so played some video poker and got free drinks - and we're not talking watered down ones  :-)I've been  into Vodka lately..... well, they just happened to have a nice selection and the bartender gave me samples of each along with  some details about all of them.  NICE!   After having my vodka lesson, I've decided that I'm a Grey Goose kind of gal  :-)Oh - BTW, they have happy hour and live bands.
3	After going to see a show at Palace Station that wasn't actually happening the night we went, my husband and I stopped into Jack's Irish Pub with his brother for some drinks and a bite to eat. The guys wanted a beer, and $12 gets you a 50 oz. glass of beer, and you get to keep the glass. Refills are $6 each, making this deal a no-brainer!We also had some sliders and potato skins.... All food was $5 and you could taste why. Go for the beer, skip the food.
4	This bar is located in the palace station not far from the main entrance. Had so much fun here. Went a few different nights. One band was amazing, and even the band we thought wouldn't be very good turned out to be pretty awesome. Stay at palace station, play at palace station, but drink at Jacks.
2	This Irish bar is pretty typical for a casino.  I.E. there isn't much Irish to it.  But it does have a decent selection of beers.  Sometimes they bring in very weird bands or groups to play music.  I would say it would be worth stopping by and grabbing a beer.  Plus you can keep the glass.
4	Friday night at a Irish pub, drinking Irish brew, and listening to Irish band awesome. Jack's is a good place have some fun. Enjoy the Vegas bar pub scene with some good people and not crowded to the point your bumping elbows with everyone around you. Darby O'Gill & The Little People who usually plays here Friday nights was pretty catchy band. Forgot what I was drinking but it was reasonably prices. I loved the atmosphere and decorations. I didn't try their food but I'm sure they have some corned beef cabbage, maybe next time I'm there.
3	Headed here after work for a Happy Hour with friends. The place was deserted, but they have some good specials and their happy lasts until 8, score. Well drinks are $2 and there are some good beer specials as well. We ordered some bar grub as well, which is 50% off during happy hour. The food wasn't horrible. Pretty tasty for the price I feel. The only problem with this place is the service. It was horrible. Our waitress would disappear for long periods of time and it took about 30 minutes for any of our food items to come out. Refills were pretty hard to come by as well.  I noticed that the waitress was the only one in the entire establishment, but given the fact that there were so few patrons, I don't think that should account for the slow service. I've been on previous occasions and had better service, so I'm hoping that was a freak occurrence. I'd probably come back if I'm in the area again.
4	2 for 1 Jameson shots for $6!!
1	Stopped in tonight to kill some time and grab a light bite during happy hours. Jammie, our barmaid couldn't seem to get it right on more than one account. My wife and I had trouble putting cash in the poker machines.. Jammie helped get the two $20 bills in the machines that we played. We ordered our drinks and were charged 10 bucks while playing. I asked if they comp'd drinks and she said yes, but you have to play $10 to qualify. HUH?? We just played $40- We ordered Nachos and were brought Irish Nachos (french fries w/ bacon and other crap on it). Oops, my mistake again, I guess!No apology, no comp, NO WAY will we return.. Bummer.
3	The weather for St Patty's 2012 was pretty lousy.  We had fully intended on going the Three Angry Wives after work but decided anything to do with standing outside in the cold with people who had been drinking since 11am was a bad idea.  I didn't want to pay a $20 cover to go to McMullen's where the police also conveniently placed a sobriety check right in front of.  So enter the ever dependable "search for Irish bars" on Yelp mobile.  Jack's Pub?  There's an Irish bar in Palace Station?  I called them and they informed me of some of the specials they had on top of their current happy hour deals and it sounded like a plan.  When I asked the manager if it was crowded there, her response was "It's filling up." Translation: "Plenty of seats!!".$3 beers, half price on all appetizers and $8 plates of corned beef and cabbage!  That's all they needed to say.  Decent food and atmosphere while watching my NCAA basketball brackets go down in flames.  They had a band setting up by the time we left and the place had filled in nicely but we were too full of Guinness to get rowdy.  This is not a bad meal option if the Oyster Bar line is too long.
1	Hands down, this is the most disappointing Irish pub in Las Vegas.Dad and I ate here at about 1PM on a Tuesday afternoon. There were a couple of people at the bar and one older couple sitting at another table. You'd think the service would be quick since the place was so empty, but it turned out the bartender was actually working as the server as well.We ordered our food shortly after sitting down. Dad ordered a hamburger ($7.99) and I ordered 2 Scotch Eggs ($5) and a side of waffle fries. 25-30 minutes later, a cook from the kitchen came out with Dad's hamburger from the kitchen and set it down on the end of the bar. Five to seven minutes later, the server brought the burger to our table...which by this time was cold. Ten minutes later, my food was brought to the table.The food was NOT worth the wait at all! The hamburger resembled a hockey puck on its bun and wasn't even of a decent size, nor did it have any flavor to speak of. The Scotch Eggs were so crispy on the outside that they were unpleasant to eat, and barely tasted of sausage at all. The waffle fries were the only item that tasted very good...and even then, they were probably the same ones that can be found in any frozen aisle.Absolutely NOT worth visiting! Horrible service and terrible food!
3	Good happy hour specials every day. Live music on the weekends.
3	I dread Palace Station.  Mainly because I hate smoke and Palace, like most older casinos, reeks of smoke.  You can almost picture the rat pack smoking in front of every wall in the place.  So I was reluctant to eat here but our friends were staying here and we met them on their turf for dinner. I was pleasantly surprised.  The place was dead as it was Sunday but the food was good.  The chicken quesadilla really hit the spot and the buffalo chicken wedge salad was a hit.  Our waitress was cute and friendly and attentive. (maybe because we were one of three customers (I even forgive her transgression of KEEPING MY CHANGE).  A few notes:1) Although an Irish Pub, very few items are authentic Irish meals, or even attempts thereon.  Basic Pub Food is what you should expect.2) Although there are some TV's, not all of them are in direct view so if you come here to watch specific games make sure you sit in the center or pointed at the game you want.3) The portions are large.  4 of us got out of there at 31 dollars plus tip for dinner.  We can't complain about that.If I am at Palace meeting friends or playing poker, I would definitely eat here again.
1	So came here cause we saw as an "announcement" on yelp from the oyster bar that if u bring ur receipt u get 2 for 1 pints.  We walked in and immediately the bald bartender was a DICK and said he had never heard of it: I showed him the yelp announcement and he still acted like a prick, he even pretended to call his manager and was still unable to give us the deal. I guess there was a reason the place was dead! The female bartender was cute and wanted to help but unfortunately the bald guy called the shots.
1	Joke. Sat at hightop just behind the bar for about 20 minutes and had zero interaction with staff. Left without ordering anything. One waitress and one bartender both of which were nonexistent.
4	Biased-opinion because I know how this place is run. But I know that even if I didn't, I would probably feel the same, me being in. food&beverage . Only One girl serving on weekdays and some days are randomly busy. You can't expect ONE girl to give their undivided attention to specifically your needs if she has a room full of people who also are paying. It's not Her fault. But I get it, there are those couple girls who stand around, but Most of the girls hustle. The bartenders are also busy, and as they are the ones who make the drinks, the girls are on their time. I think most of the reviews for this establishment are too harsh.Okay I'm done ranting.Good prices on drafts from $3.50 to $4.75 depending on imported or domestic beers as well as if there is entertainment. It's pub food, and you get what you pay for. The Irish nachos are addicting as well as fish & chips. The burgers are large and good for the price. Bump it shots after purchase of a beer is $2, which includes Jameson, Jim beam, jack or sauza (which typically starts at $6 each). You can smoke, watch whatever game you would like with the 20 or so tvs around the room, and you could choose to sit at a high top or one of the many booths.
1	totally lame music videos at deafening volume and waited 8 minutes and still no waitress service oh and there was only 7 other people in the place no thanks !
