1	Cannot recommend this location.  He takes apart my car, and then tells me that he only accepts cash.  I explain that I have no cash, because I only used a credit card.  He says that I can just get cash at an ATM.  Unfortunately, I did not have enough money to pay in my account.  He then says that I can get cash out of my credit card.  I explain that this is called a cash advance, and would entail a fee and a higher interest rate.  Clearly unable to fathom such a difficult concept, and saying that he "does it all the time", he refused to budge, even though I offered to go to another location, or to even come back tomorrow.It is absolutely ridiculous to not let me pay another day or at another location considering he hadn't even done any work on the vehicle yet.  It's already a week later, and I'm still fuming about it.  My only consolation is that that guy probably is still paying off the higher interest rate on his cash advances on the credit card.  Go to any other Just Brakes than this one, seriously.
1	I would avoid this place at all costs. The manager (Adrian)  was extremely rude to me, and tried to sell me extra services that Volkswagon later told me were not necessary.  Additionally, when I went to pay, he swiped my card 3 times, then handed it back to me and told me it wouldn't swipe.  I asked him to punch it in, and he rolled his eyes, sighed, and said "I'm really not supposed to do that". What?The worst part was a couple hours later, I looked at the interior of my car and noticed it was absolutely FILTHY.  Apparently the tech had a dirty uniform on.  When I called to talk to the manager about it, he told me he'd need to see the damage in person.  When I went back to show him, he was rude again, tried to tell me I couldn't prove they got the car dirty, and told me I'd have to bring it back and he'd clean it while I wait, which would take about 2 hours.  I told him I'd prefer to have a professional clean it, and he gave me even more attitude and told me he is a professional.  Honestly, I was scared he would tamper with my car at this point. I got in touch with the regional manager, who told me he would pay to have the car cleaned, no problem.  So I got in touch with a mobile detail company, and asked Just Brakes to pay him directly. When the day came for the cleaning, the mobile detail guy went to Just Brakes to get paid.  They said they didn't have enough cash ($80), and were extremely rude to him as well.  So I reluctantly paid the mobile detail guy myself, (who was excellent).  My problems didn't end there.  I went back a different day, and the assistant manager told me he couldn't pay me, only the store manager could. A few days later, I called and asked Adrian if they could finally pay me the money they owed me.  He said he could, so I went over to the shop immediately.  He had me wait for about 10 minutes before going to get me the cash owed.  When he came back with the money, he shoved it across the counter without saying a word or making eye contact. I would avoid this place - they'll get your car dirty, and give you attitude about it.  I really didn't enjoy being treated like a liar and an inconvenience by the store manager. Also, my brakes now make a strange noise that they didn't make before.  Avoid.
1	I had my brakes done here two years ago.  I was so annoyed but I never wrote a review and just sucked it up.  They charged me $99 but told me I had all these other problems.  I said there should be nothing wrong with a toyotal corolla with 80k miles on it because there were no problems.  So I declined the extra 250 in charges.  After leaving my brakes were grinding and squeaking.  I took it back and they told me it was because I did not do the work they told me.  So I said fine and had them just do it because now my frustration was too much to fight it.  But the brakes still squeaked when i stopped.  I just ignored it and figured it was low quality brake pads.Now 2 years later and 30k miles my brakes are grinding and need to be replaced again.  Not much of a brake expert but I am thinking that 30k miles is way to soon. Avoid these scammers at all costs!!!!!
1	Do not go here! This place is dishonest and they will misdiagnose your car and make you spend more and fix things that are not necessary.So far- I've had my brakes done, master cylinder replaced, struts and calipers replaced only to come back and have them tell me my master cylinder still needs to be fixed again- after they 'worked on' itI actually went to an honest shot (professional brake service) only to find out that they were lying and that they used a kit to fix struts (or calipers... Not sure, I'm a female)Please save yourself the headache and go elsewhere!
4	Had brakes done there today. Can't say I got bad service. I didn't! They did a lot of work and I saw my problems. Had a few laughs with the guys and the rest remains to be seen. I'll give them 4 stars and a 5th when I need to depend on the brakes and the work as needed......thanks guys!
1	I will only give this place one, because zero is not a freaking option. DO NOT GET WORK DONE HERE. To make a very long story as short as possible, the manager, Adrian, tried to up sell me for something I didn't need, for a price that was ridiculous. This was after I tried over and over to get a price out of him. When he did give me a price, I declined, and asked him to put my tires back on, so I could leave. When I walked away, he commented in a very very condescending voice "Have a nice day", although I wasn't leaving yet, obviously, since he had my keys.After finally getting my keys, and walking out to my car, another customer walked out after getting a "quote". Two of my friends were still waiting to finish up with their car. I stopped to speak to this gentleman,what we spoke about was no one's business.  While I was speaking to this guy, the manager started commenting to my friends about how rude I was. He continued to say how it was unprofessional of me to steer business away from him, by speaking to his customer. How it  was uncalled for. To which my friends had to stick up for me stating that he had no idea what I said to that guy. The manager then replied that he could read my lips. My friends called him out for his lies and unprofessional nature. I will never bring my business back to this place and hope that in the end, I can keep as many people as I can from this place. Although this manager, Adrian, does the job very well on his own. He was such a jerk, that the couple who came in before us were willing to walk out as well.
1	Do not go this place! They are dishonest and way too much overcharged!
1	Avoid this place at all costs, it's not $99 break job, it will end up costing you well over $200 for anything they do. Adrian, the manager, is a horrible person, and I do not understand how he still has a job here. No customer service, horrible work.I had to go to Sears to get my breaks fixed, after they "fixed" them.
4	I guess based on previous reviews written by other Yelpers, this place should probably be avoided for repairs. But for oil change, it isn't bad at all.I bought a groupon here for an oil change priced at $12 and it was very much well worth the gamble since groupon is normally designed for struggling businesses.Very quick and easy oil change. Waited about 35 minutes, give or take, which is pretty standard to any oil change. They also put in a tire rotation while they were at it. The mechanics were quite nice and if you purchase 5 oil changes, your 6th is free! So take advantage of that so you can accumulate these services for a free service in the future.
5	I actually went there on a Groupon special for an oil change. I asked them if they could do it in 30 mins and they did.The reception guy was very pleasant.The waiting room is very clean. I will definitely be back
5	Went there to get my brakes fixed and ended up getting more bad news about my car... I thought they might be trying to rip me off since I was a girl, but they showed me everything that was wrong with the car, showed me what things were suppose to look like which made me feel secure about what was going on with my car. After the breakdown on my car, they layed out the numbers for me! They were so nice they gave me a 10% discount and even helped me make a payment plan! Customer service was great and gave me a lot of extra little deals next time I want to come back and get more work done! I highly recommend this place, reliable, trust worthy, and very very nice! 5 stars for this place!
2	Had the brakes done here on my 2011 Subaru Outback in March 2013.  The total cost was $750.00, the most money I've ever spent on brakes in my life.  Within 6 months the brakes were already grinding and squeaking.  I brought the car back to have the mechanics take a look.  Supposedly nothing was wrong with any of the parts and everything was fine.  I was obviously hallucinating the grinding and squeaking.  Seems this is par for the course at Just Brakes for their work and parts to fail after 10k miles.  They are currently polishing and lubing the pads and said if the problem persists to come back and they will replace the brakes.  At least they got the customer service part right.Lesson learned.  If you want quality work and parts for your car, take it to the dealership where the mechanics are trained to work on your make and model and the parts are factory manufactured.
1	Polished and lubed the pads... mechanic test drove the car once more... Pulls it right back into the garage bay and puts it on the lift... Comes over to me and says 'So, I heard the grinding, we are going to check it out'. Weird, so I wasn't really hallucinating.   Turns out the pads were faulty.  This place is a joke.
