4	Very nice presentation and plating. High end tasting food at about 10 per plate. Relaxed atmosphere, great soda machines and very clean feeling. It's worth the trip. Only complaint is a slow line to order and the digital menus are small print and hard to read. Great place. Give it a try.
5	Great place with delicious food! When you advertise yourself as serving "pure clean food with a twist," you had better live up to expectations! And Blue Lemon does. I've been there twice now, once to dine in and once for takeout, and was pretty blown away each time.This is a counter-order restaurant, and I actually like that since it cuts down on price and dining wait time. The food is indeed healthy and served very well. The ingredients are pretty great, too. I was really surprised at the number of sun-dried tomatoes in my fettucine alfredo. Those, along with a generous amount of portobello mushrooms and spinach, made this dish a nice surprise.My favorite thing on the menu has to be the tomato bisque soup. It is truly excellent. My son pronounced the kids' chicken tenders meal as excellent, and I saw kids at a nearby table devouring their macaroni.Nice decor and atmosphere, too.Like the previous reviewer, I also think the digital menus were a little hard to read, but the line wasn't long for me at all. The staff tries to make it easier on you by giving you takeout menus to read while in line, but I think once people become familiar with the menu and concept those complaints will go away.In a land of gross chain restaurants with tons of fried, fatty food, I'm so glad that this place has landed in my neighborhood.
1	I tried so hard to like this place but the food--at least what I ordered--just wasn't very good.  I got the artichoke spinach cheese dip which came with flatbread and fresh cut veggies.  Sadly, the veggies (alone) were my favorite part.  A previous Yelper mentioned the tomato bisque as being something to try and I was super disappointed--it was just meh.  Wildflower and Cafe Zupas soups put it to shame.Good things?  The restaurant itself is stunning--all brand new.  Lots of attentive servers=great service.  Fancy soda machines.  Decent prices.  The smoothie bar looked cute.  Ugh!  I feel like I'm fishing here...I think I will be back again to see if I just had a bout of horrible ordering.  The breakfast menu did look promising.
3	Came here for lunch today I think they are still working some kinks out. The restaurant itself is nice looking and clean. I ordered the turkey avocado sandwich on a spinach wrap it was $10 with no sides. It was pretty good nothing amazing. I will probably go back to try the raspberry chicken salad that looked good.
5	We went before our trip to Hawaii a few days back, just great food and service.  We went back last evening when we returned and we are still impressed.  Matt the manager takes time to visit every table.  What a nice change from most places.
1	I was so excited to try this place and unfortunately I didn't like it. Came here tonight with my sister. Walked in and it's cute, clean, bright and decorated really nicely. But the menus on the wall are so difficult to read! The print is too small. We were about the 5th group in line to order and waited about 20 minutes to get to the counter {it is an order at the counter and seat yourself kind of place- which I like} quite a long wait- but no worries it's new. We ordered sweet potato fries, artichoke and spinach dip and a pear and Gorgonzola salad. The girls taking the orders were nice enough just slow moving. We take our sit and within 30 seconds our salad and fries are out. First thing I think - ok so not fresh food. Boy was I right! Soggy fries with a very weird almost tasteless dip. I'm gonna go ahead and say those fries were frozen. They went from warm to cold in about two minutes. The salad was especially not impressive. The pear was mushy and bruised, cheap tasteless "Gorgonzola", a few grapes, and carrots. Dressing was ok but for $9 this was way overpriced. No cheese barely and also small, very small. The spinach artichoke dip actually grossed me out. Comes with pita bread, carrots, cucumbers and celery. The veggies were dripping with water and again- bruised cucumber. The dip was horrible- warm not hot and just not a good taste. It's hard to write this review for a place that I want to like so badly but the quality of food isn't there. For a restaurant that advertises fresh they may want to stop reheating their food. 1 star for decor and cleanliness. Sorry Charlie I won't be back.
5	Food was great for you and tasted even better!!! I recommend this place for a healthy meal!!!
1	Really disappointing. We had heard good things and Blue Lemon failed to deliver everywhere.This is an order-at-the-counter place. They say "gourmet express" on their cups. Unfortunately it was neither gourmet nor express.The line to place the order had 4 or 5 groups in front of us. There are two registers, but only one was open. We waited 15-20 minutes to place our order. What was disappointing is that the place was almost empty and there were 5 or so staff standing around waiting for food to come out of what appears to be a very small kitchen for the size of the restaurant. They probably can't open the second register, as it would slam the tiny kitchen.We sat down and waited for our meal which didn't seem to take too long to arrive. Unfortunately, the food had been cooked a while before we received it because the steak was cold. Not cool or slightly warm, but actually cold. The sweet potato fries were both cold and soggy. Not fresh, not hot and not crispy. The tasty-sounding short rib sandwich was not very flavorful, not very warm and had not so great iceburg lettuce.Back to the steak. Did you know they do not have a steak knife in the whole restaurant?  This made for a comical moment as our son wanted to take a turn at trying to cut the steak with the knife and ended up sliding the plate around so much that it flew off the table. :)This concept, price and menu has some similarities to Liberty Market in Downtown Gilbert. Except that Liberty Market is really good. This is terrible.
4	I was impressed with the overall experience and will return again . Sure, every start-up has kinks to work out, but it is very evident that this concept will be successful in Gilbert.  The food was a bit pricy for an order at the counter type of restaurant, but the food quality did not disappoint.  All of the staff were very friendly and helpful.  I look forward to trying something new when I return.
4	Enjoyed breakfast here. Staff was very friendly. My coffee was warm not hot as I usually enjoy but they brought me another cup fresh and hot :)
5	Amazing food, great service. The complaints below are absolutely shocking. Repeat customer :)!
3	I want to give this place more stars, I have hopes that it will get better.We ordered the spinach artichoke dip. The order came out before we were even seated. The spread of dip and veggies was nicely displayed and the dip was tasty. I ordered the steak salad with the heirloom potatoes. Overall I liked it, I felt like the portion was a little small for the $10 I paid. I do feel like the dressing could have been a little more seasoned or a few more toppings could have been tossed into the salad. The sandwiches I saw coming out looked very yummy and I would be willing to go back and try that sometime. This place would be even more appealing to me if they offered gluten free breads and were Non-GMO and or organic.
1	Average food, lousy service, dirty utensils and a fly was on our food! The gal that brought us our food didn't even care (or so it seems). Bad management!  Get a grip and you just might make it.
1	Went to check this place out with my family since there aren't too many healthy food restaurants in the area. Service was blah.... I ordered the fish tacos with corn tortillas... please don't order this! First the tortillas were so stiff on my plate that they were already broken up. I have eaten better tortillas at Walmart!  I ask someone for new tortillas and they brought out the same type, hard, broken and difficult to eat. I will not return I ordered 1 glass of wine, fish tacos which I ended up eating probably 1 taco it came with nothing else I spent $21.00. No thanks not worth it. Sorry don't waste your time. I would rather go to Pita Jungle!!
4	I think that if everyone can get past the location they will love this restaurant! The fish tacos are excellent the breakfasts are great the turkey burger is fabulous! Although I am not a fan of the cafeteria style beginning the food is excellent and worth your time!
4	My co workers and I are big fans. Most dishes we've had have been great, though the turkey burger was only meh.
5	Amazing food! The mushroom and feta flatbread, the mint mango salad, and the fire roasted Anaheim chicken sandwich were outstanding. Definitely coming back all the time! I'm confused about the people not liking the service, because you're supposed to go up to the counter and order your food and sit down until the food comes out. The servers were very attentive I thought. Overall I'm a huge fan! Great, fresa, and local beers and wines.
1	My wife and I were very excited to try this place as it is close to our home and the marketing on the website shows a very neat, clean and fun place to dine.  We arrived early Sunday (3/9/14) morning around 8:00 AM, we were not the first there but there was by no means a crowd of people.  The place was clean looking so our hopes were high...we ordered our breakfast and found a table and waited to try the food!  We waited, waited and waited some more...finally a young server came over and delivered our coffee...which had a nice presentation but a lousy flavor or more correctly a lack of flavor.  We waited some more...and more and after about 25 minutes breakfast arrives...again looking forward to it.   The food was cold...not kind of warm but ice cold.  The eggs were burnt, the potatoes looked cooked, the ham was burnt and the toast was burnt...and all of it ice cold.  The crepes were also ice cold.  We informed the young server and now waited for someone to approach and deal with this problem.  The manager went into hiding and sent the young server to deal with the problem...It ain't over yet folks....the young server could not deal with the refund on my card (used to pay for the ice cold meals) but needed her manager...waited some more...finally went up to the bar (where the young server was working) and she just took cash out of the till to refund me part of my breakfast.  The manager never showed her face to deal with this problem.  This is bad customer service, lousy food which in turn means that I will tell everyone I know not to go to the Blue Lemon as it is just that...a LEMON!
5	Wow! Healthy food that tastes good! This place is excellent and caters to gluten free. I had the Chicken Lemon BLT and side of Brussels sprouts. Yummers! Food comes out super fast and portions are just right so you don't walk out in a food coma.
5	I'm shocked to see all the negative reviews of this place. My wife and I went yesterday for lunch, and absolutely loved it. I ordered the tomato artichoke panini, and she ordered the Anaheim chicken sandwich. We both had the spinach pear salad. The presentation was beautiful and the food was really good. We'll definitely be back.
3	As a resident of the dining wasteland of Gilbert, AZ, I am hopeful this place will get a lot better.  Our experience was not so good.  I have heard great things about Blue Lemon and  their unique menu.  The decor is cool and hip.  You order at a walk up counter and they bring you your food.  My group of 5 ordered a turkey burger (dry and not worth $8), tuna salad (great), braised beef (excellent), bbq sandwich (very good) and black bean ravioli (also very good).  The real problem was the staff.  The cashier added a $5 mystery charge and then did not know how to remove it.  The food came at different times.
3	Food is pretty good, but definitely a lack is customer service. I went through an entire breakfast meal before receiving my coffee, which was cold when finally delivered. I do believe it will get better with time, but they need to invest in some quality service training and attentiveness.
5	The first time I ordered the food was great. I ordered the bananas foster french toast. It was great without being too sweet. The second time I ordered the eggs Benedict. The eggs came out like hard boiled egg's usually don't send back food, but I did this time, because they took care of it quickly and the second order was cooked correctly I am still giving them 5 stars. I haven't done lunch or dinner there yet, but so far the breakfast is fantastic
2	I've tried this place twice.  The first time was for dinner. We got the hummus plate and the fish tacos. The fish tacos were actually pretty good. I felt it was a bit pricey for what you got but it was decent food. This time I went back for breakfast. Not so good. I got an omelette that was tasteless and my hubby got a breakfast wrap which was also tasteless. The service was also very poor.  I really wanted  to like this place because I think it has great potential. I'm thinking the management may be the issue here. A lot of young servers with no training and the food is just above par.  Too bad....
1	By far the worst breakfast we have ever had. Here are the highlights...Negatives:- they only had 3 breakfast menus at the cashier, so everyone had to every take turns looking at it before they could order- brought out our meals one at a time, with minutes in between- they forgot one of our meals and we had to ask for it three times- one order of pancakes had raw batter in the centers!- eggs had no seasonings- eggs florentine had completely hard cooked eggs on top- eggs that were supposed to be over-medium were fried to a crisp- cold, bland hollandaise sauce- the kids meal came out last and they got our order wrong. we ordered a french toast and they brought out pancakes after every adult had already gotten their meal- no consistency: some of our potatoes were burnt, the others were basically still raw- the kids pancakes were twice as big as the adult pancakes- small portions for the pricePositives:- the Banana Foster french toast was good, but could use some more sliced bananas- the pancakes that were cooked were good, but not enough syrupWe are not the type to complain, but we felt they should know about our experience. When we spoke to the manager, she just gave us a blank stare and said that they're working on it. Then they proceeded to stare us down as we left the restaurant. We were the largest party (8 people) in the restaurant and received the worst service. They were not busy by any means, so I'm sure if we went when it was busier the experience would have been even worse.We are all big fans of the Blue Lemon in Utah but needless to say, we won't be going back to the Gilbert location. They need to stop serving breakfast and stick with lunch & dinner. Their menu sounds great, but their breakfast is terrible. Go to Kneaders down the street instead.
1	I have to admit, I was like the early reviewers - excited to try a new place that was healthy with a twist. When you walk in, Blue Lemon entices you with its clean, open and airy layout and pops of color. I was teetering between a salad or burger and from the staff's recommendation went for my protein intake. So based on that, I had high hopes for the Black and Blue burger.I rarely write negative reviews and even more rarely send food back but this was the first exception. My burger was more than over charred, dry to the point that the house fry sauce couldn't revive the meat. Additionally, my sweet potato fries were so soggy. It seemed the temperature got cross wired between the entree and side dish. So I waited with anticipation for the second attempt only to discover my fries to be blackened and my burger not quite burnt but surely overdone.The staff is young and in need of strong management for customer service training. No one checked to see if the chef corrected the first mistake, and secondly, my friend brought the redo to me. Very disappointed for Gilbert on this eatery and hope they can manage to turn things around. I think I would have been happier with a double double protein style.
2	Living in VVL we were so excited to hear about Blue Lemon opening that also served beer & wine.  We love heathy eating and from that stand point the menu options are pretty good.  Where I feel Blue Lemon has completely dropped the ball is with good old fashion customer service.  The training of their staff has to be non-existent as they are very unfriendly and seemingly unknowledgeable.  Gilbert is a family community where simple kindness and developing relationships with your patrons will go miles for a small business.  We tried breakfast one morning and honestly we thought the food was good and  decent value.  The challenge was that my breakfast came out 5+ minutes earlier than my wife's so by the time I was over halfway thru my breakfast she finally received hers.  Poor kitchen efficiency.  Lastly we were so excited to see that they had an outside patio and bar area!  I don't know who chose their furniture outside but it has to be some of the most uncomfortable metal chairs and stools I have ever experienced.  I truly hope they figure everything out as this community does support small business but they have a lot of fine tuning to do before I will make another visit.
1	The WORST lunch experience I've had in ages. I don't often write bad reviews and I love when Gilbert gets a new, healthy-alternative restaurant, but this was just so bad from start to finish that I am compelled to give feedback.First, we arrived at 11:30AM to beat the lunch rush only to stand in line for a full 30 minutes before getting to order. This gave us ample time to review the beautiful digital menu boards hanging over the front counter. However, when we placed our order we were informed that those menus were not current and we should have been looking at the paper menus (available at the front of the line when you reach the cash register). So what we had planned to order was no longer available on the menu. I opted for the Steak and Heirloom Potato Salad for around $11. It was 80% greens, which happened to be the best part of the salad. The potatoes were so undercooked that they were crunchy when I bit into them and the "steak" tasted like it was either microwaved or rancid...not sure which.  The croutons were burnt to black, didn't try them. The tomatoes were wrinkled and mushy.  The other ingredients that were supposed to be on the salad: creamy gorgonzola and caramelized red onions, were nowhere to be found. I ate some greens and then quit. I was feeling nervous for an employee to ask me about it because I never send food back, but no worries, no one ever came by to check how everything was or attempt to remove my plate even though we sat there for about an hour.  Such a disappointing experience. We won't be back any time soon.
1	Very slow...and there's not very many people.   Didn't bring food for two people.   When we asked why they said the cooked accidentally closed our order.   No real apologies.  Food ok but not worth the lack of service.
2	We tried Blue Lemon for breakfast today. I am not sure if we will be back. There were twice as many servers as guests and the service was awful. I watched two tables that came in after us be served. After we complained she said she would " check on it". 10 minutes later, mind you we have now been waiting over a 1/2 hr ,.my husbands wrap arrived......I ordered the house special pancakes...they arrived 10 minutes after my husbands. NO ONE came over to acknowledge the mistake the kitchen made by overlooking our order. None of the staff showed any energy. Very disappointed !
2	I want to rate this highly because the food is AMAZING. Especially the breakfast, the crepes have such a unique flavor. However, I'm giving Blue Lemon two stars because the service there is horrible. I went for breakfast with my boyfriend last Sunday and I think that I will not return there. Our food was brought out fairly promptly but we had to ask them for the coffees we had ordered (and payed for in advance). Despite the fact that the restaurant was fairly empty, our server rarely checked on us and we had finished our meal before he came back again and we had to ask again for our coffees. A few minutes later we asked another server, since our previous one had disappeared. He left and came back with a young man who seemed to be a manager, who, without apologizing for the delay, asked us to repeat our order, while collectively referring to my boyfriend as ladies. After that, our coffee still didn't arrive so we asked another young man and he actually brought back my boy friends coffee, but mine never made an appearance because upon realizing that our first coffee was horribly burnt, we left. Very frustrating! I probably won't return- despite the beautiful crepes. :(
1	Like so many other reviews I was excited to see a new restaurant with clean healthy options.  Unfortunately nothing about this restaurant was great.  This was our second visit to Blue Lemon and probably our last unless management and customer service improves.  On this trip it was busy but not packed as several tables were available.  Only one cashier and a line out the door but several workers just standing around with dirty tables everywhere.  Food is ok but you don't get very much for the money so I would not say it is a good value.  We finally found a clean table when two out of three of my kids meals arrived well before our humus plate.  Then everything else came out in stages as well.  I asked to talk to a manager in which I watched him tell the server he was too busy.  He then sent a poor young man over to see what we needed but it was the manager I needed.  We finished our food and left before a manager ever came over to our table.  I know it is a newer restaurant but it is very poorly managed.
1	Stupidly I ignored the bad reviews--figured Blue Lemon would have seen them and worked to improve. Sadly the reviews are pretty accurate. Met 4 friends for lunch today and told the order taker we wanted all food out at the same time. Two plates came out pretty quickly and after almost 10 minutes we asked one of the boys to check. He did not come back but was yakking with a coworker so I asked him did he check. Yes, it will be out soon. WTF? Are they brain dead? The food we got was tasty but skimpy portions (very little turkey on avocado turkey sandwich) and no chips or sides come with the $9 sandwich. There does not appear to be a manager or owner on the premises. The line moves very slowly. I would go to Wildflower or Paradise Bakery and would not go back to Blue Lemon.
1	We've been at the Blue Lemon twice. Once for breakfast and once for dinner. We won't be hurrying back. The food was delivered before we were settled in our chairs. Not once did the server come back to our table. The food was good though.As for the operation of the restaurant itself I give it a failing grade. That is the lack of training from ownership and management.
3	I am glad I didn't read the other reviews before deciding to stop here! The service was friendly and prompt when I went there on a Saturday afternoon. There were a handful of other patrons, but it was by no means busy. You order at the counter and get your own drink, then a server will bring you your food. I ordered an Avocado and Turkey sandwich on cibatta bread, and my order was delivered in good time. The food was good, but could have been a bit better--certainly nothing to complain about. I would have used avocado slices instead of a spread, but that is just my personal taste. No one came to check on how I was doing after the food was dropped off. I felt that the cost of meal was on the high side for a place that doesn't really have waiters so much as delivery people (about $10-$12 bucks for most sandwiches, and it didn't come with any sides or garnish of any kind), but I didn't feel completely cheated, either.
3	The atmosphere of the restaurant is very nice. It was clean and had hip vibe about the place.  Service was good. I order the roasted turkey avocado sandwich.  The sandwich was tasty and had a good bread to meat ratio. I liked the avocado.  It was a little heavy on the aioli.  My disappointment was in the price for what you received.  The sandwich was a good size, but for $9 it should come with some small side (fruit, veggies, chips, cup of soup etc.)  It would make the plate look better and for the price of the sandwich I think it is expected.  Not sure I will return because of the value.  I have eaten a many lunch places and it didn't seem the price met value for what you received.
2	Love the concept of savory, clean eating.  4 visits layer and I'm finally convinced they are not able to provide a good consistent dining experience.  The first time the food was good service terrible.  2nd visit (early on a Friday night) out of flat bread... What restaurant runs out of one of their signature items before the biggest dinning out night of the week?  We got bbq beef sandwiches which were awesome... but they brought out sweet potato fries that were burnt black.  One thing to burn them another to serve them.  You can see our dilemma... They showed promise but never delivered.  3rd visit more of the same.  4th visit I thought I'd try for breakfast.  An hour past opening time, the door was open, no sign off a breakfast menu, nobody at the counter, not another person dining, staff see me but ignore me for 4 minutes.  As I leave someone finally says "good morning. we are open".  Too late!
1	Go to Pita Jungle if you want really good healthy food at a reasonable price. This place does not deliver. This place claims to be healthy but they seem to be extremely heavy on the butter. Even though they clearly pre-make some of their "fresh" food service is sloooowww. I tried to find something positive to say but I couldn't find anything.
1	My wife and I took her aunt here for breakfast. When our order was brought out everything looked good. It was not until I cut into my omelet that we realized that was not the case. Raw egg oozed out all over the plate. I waited for a while for the wait staff to return and had to go bring one back to the table. They were not understaffed or busy. I think they had 12 staff members and 4 tables of people including ours. When they returned with my corrected order, it was not what I ordered. It had everything on it I asked not to have and nothing I originally ordered. I would have sent it back again, except who I was there with had finished eating. I won't even go into how long it took for a coffee refill. If you don't mind waiting for service or lack of, can enjoy something you probably didn't order, this is the restaurant for you!
2	Had breakfast here yesterday. My daughter and I were one of two tables in the whole place. It was just before 9am. Food was fine and prompt... Although a teeny bit pricey. Just as most people have said - service is terrible. No one checked on us the whole time. I had to find someone to get a box for the other half of my wrap. They weren't understaffed by any means - 2 girls at the registers when we walked in, one sitting at the bar eating & a guy was sweeping. As a matter of fact, he & the girl that took/delivered our order were both sweeping within 5 feet of one another.Then a hotel shuttle dropped off 2 older, manger-looking guys... So was there no management for the 2 hours they'd been open? It was kind of odd.I think the place is cute and could be fun if they trained their staff to be more customer service oriented. And I only happened upon it driving through the parking lot, yet I live less than 2 miles away. Are they doing any advertising? There's a whole community they're missing out on just around the corner. But they've got to get their staffing right before they expect to show people a good time. Final thought... Sat on the patio as the weather was very cool & felt the only thing missing was a beach :) oh, and our server to see how we were doing.The end.
4	I'm not sure which restaurant the other reviewer was talking about. To me it seems like a self serve restaurant. As you walk in you step up to a counter to order. The first thing you notice is how incredibly beautiful it is. The decor is minimalist meets shabby chic meets cafeteria, sort of. It's very hard to describe, but it's very attractive. The dichotomy between what you think it is and what it actually is happens to be very striking. It's like fast food but with serious gourmet style.The menu is wildly diverse. From sandwiches to gourmet entrees to breakfast; this place has everything you could want. It seems rather new so there were some hiccups; I asked for healthy vegetarian and the guy taking my order had to ask someone, but it's only been open a few months. I'm pretty sure it will get up to speed pretty quickly.I ordered (to go - but I had to sit at a table and wait for it) the fresh black bean ravioli and let me tell you it was some of the best ravioli I've ever had in my life. Bar none. It was also VERY affordable. The portion size was perfect and it was about $10. And did I mention it was AWESOME?It was sitting on a bed of fresh spinach and surrounded by salsa fresca and sauteed vegetables julienne style. The roasted red pepper cream sauce didn't seem all that healthy, but it didn't seem unhealthy; no thick heavy cream taste. It was light and delicious. I almost fainted, seriously. The food is GREAT.You get your drinks from a fountain machine and all your condiments are on pretty shelf. It's just a really nice place. The people are incredibly helpful and polite.I highly recommend this place. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five was because of the wait (it advertises as 'express gourmet') and because I think the staff should really learn the menu a little better. Other than that it's definitely a new favorite!
4	I've eaten at this new place several times. I have enjoyed it each time.  The mango mint chicken salad kills it every time.  Hummus is good. Environment is bright.
1	Was excited about a new restaurant in gilbert close to home.  I have been to breakfast here three times lunch twice and will not be returning. Service is non existent. Food is mediocre at best. Real could be a hit if they got some management that was actually on site. I have only ever saw very young staff with no guidance and no service skills. Tragic to have a new restaurant start out this way.
3	Let me start by saying NOT A FANThat being said, it is clean and new so that's a plus It took a long time to stand and wait in line instead of being seated at a table and being servedThe staff seemed untrained and the register was not stocked to give change for a $20 and the register attendant was irritated and made some wild comments that would not go so well in a fine establishmentThe food is pricy but not worth it I ordered the black and blue burger and sweet potato fries for an extra $2The fries were stale and only 19 small fries for $2 not included with the entree is weirdThe burger was soggy, I mean gross soggy I could not eat a 1/3 of it and the bacon was cold and hard The self serve drink machines get a line built up waiting for people that can't figure out how to use them since they are the all in one style The bathroom was very clean and new so That's a plus I doubt I will return I'm giving it 2 1/2 stars 3 since I can't choose 1/2 stars
2	This place has been on my list for a few weeks because as a vegetarian, I am a sucker for natural, organic places.I wish I could say that I loved this place. I really do. I wanted to. I tried. *sigh* Didn't happen. Pros:* The decor is cool and new.* They have the cool drink station with tons of beverage options.Cons:* The vegetarian offerings are slim unless you want to eat a ton of cheesy, simple white carbs as the options are either served on white bread or are a pasta.* The food was very oily, which is not something i expect from a place that promotes healthy, clean food.* They are pricey and the servings are small.* NO nutrition info available anywhere. I like to know how much fat, sugar, calories are in my meals.* The staff was not knowledgeable about the menu. When asking questions, we were either told that they didn't know or they simply read to us off the menu.Seriously bummed out because I was so excited about trying this place and most Gilbert residents will agree that we need some good healthy options on the east side.
5	We went for breakfast and loved it. We'd heard about BlueLemon in other cities and were eager to try it out. It's a sit down place but you order at the counter and they deliver to the table. It has the prices of good fast food with the ambience of a hip restaurant. Lots of menu choices and full bar. Has some nice high tech touches. Really good, fresh food. Prices are almost too good to be true for what u get. Eggs Florentine for $8!  It's a fun, clean ambiance. Definitely a unique dining formula that's well worth the visit.
5	I'm in LOVE with this place. The Mediterranean salad is delish. As is the flour-less chocolate cake. Super friendly staff and nice atmosphere. The only complaint I have is that I can not find any of the nutritional information online nor do they have it in the restaurant.
1	Tried this place on a Wednesday evening at 6:00pm. Waited in line to order, way tooooo long. The hostess gave me a locator. It never lit up or vibrated, just sat on the table, along with 4 others, as all my friends paid separately. My food (was fair) was served first and 3 others arrived about 10 minutes later. This was awkward for me, to say the least.The weird thing was the fifth meal never did come. We went to the counter 3 times to inquire!!! My friend finally got her sandwich, so we watched her eat as we had finished. Bummer. A waiter did come over to say they were understaffed. They were not understaffed, just not organized at all. Employees were literally loitering. We did mention to the waiter he could bring a dessert to compensate. He said he would look into it, and never came back. I won't either!
3	Went here just after they opened up. I was really hungry when I came here so I wasn't too picky but in hindsight I wanted the food to be better.  The food took forever to get to us. My fries were under cooked.  Turkey bacon was limp and so were the greens in my husband's salad.  The food didn't taste bad really just a little below average but I like the concept and decor as well as the menu choices so hopefully they get their act together.  I might give them a second chance.
5	We come here at least twice a week. The food is fresh and has gluten free options. Can order to go as well and the portions are nice size. We like the pear and Gorgonzola salad, sweet potato fries, squash soup, and steak salad. Sometimes the line is long but they get to you fairly fast. We love this place!
3	Blue lemon is a real cute place, the decor is great, love their little coffee bar area! I ordered the Mediterranean salad with chicken it was yummy and light!  I would go again!
1	Ate there for the first and last time.  Let me start by saying the food was pretty good. The price we paid for our meal was quite high for what we had and the serving sizes are small. The wait to order was ridiculous. It seemed to take us forever to get through the line. We were told to find a table and they would bring our drinks over to us. After almost 12 minutes my husband went to the front to find out when we we getting our drinks and were told to go to the bar and get them.  NICE!!!  Finally got the food but no one ever checked on us to see if we were satisfied with the food. It was extremely noisy in there but there is very little to break up the noise. Like eating in a warehouse.  Sorry but no repeat business from us.
4	Not sure why there are so many negative reviews. The prices are fine, especially given the quality of food. My husband and I have been here twice and ordered different things each time. We've never been during a peak hour so I can't really speak to the lines. Service has always been prompt and friendly. The food is delicious!
1	Website hours don't match the actual store hours. Call before you go to make sure they are even open. 2nd visit and 2nd disappointment.
1	For a "clean" restaurant they sure cut corners and give you nasty food. I ordered the mango mint salad and it was supposed to have grilled chicken and sweet onions, yet the meat looked like cheap cold cuts and the onions looked like they came from a jar. The "grilled" chicken was literally cold cuts. The avocado looked like it has been sitting out all day. Needless to say, I won't be eating here again.
1	We decided to give this place a try for breakfast today, wow what a disappointment.  I ordered the blue sunrise (2 eggs, turkey sausage, rosemary hash browns and sour dough toast) and my wife ordered the artisan breakfast sandwich.  When the order came out my potatoes were cold, the sour dough toast was cold and hard as a brick and my wife's "sandwich" incorrectly came out as a wrap. We sent both back.  On the second try the sandwich was ok but my sourdough toast, although warm this time, was too hard to cut and the potatoes, although warm, still were looking for a sign that they made it to a hot pan. Kind of a beige color. I asked for jelly or jam for my toast, received a tub of marmalade- not my favorite.The "side of fresh fruit"  that came with both breakfasts consisted of a couple of blueberries, a few slices of strawberries and slices of apple so sour we did not eat them.We both had black coffee, which was very good and came in a large cup.Not a fan of walking in and ordering at the front before sitting down, either.The signage on the building says Pure Clean Food with a Twist.... not today.
5	I love this place! We were greeted by a very pleasant young woman who seemed to like what she was doing. She knew the menu and made recommendations. The prices are great for the food. Not sure why anyone is complaining about the prices. Where are all of you eating (Country Buffet)? I had the butternut Squash soup. That was fantastic! It was thick, great flavor and could have been a meal in itself. I also had the Pear and Gorgonzola Spinach Salad except I substituted mixed greens for the spinach (I just hate raw spinach for some reason). This substitution was made without any difficulty. I loved the salad and it was huge. Just the right amounts of pear, turkey bacon, and cheese without any one thing overwhelming the other. And the dressing wasn't over done which a lot of places do by soaking the salad. But not this one. Just the right taste and balance. My friend had a sandwich using lettuce leaves as she was trying to diet. But she was able to use her extra calories for the sweet potato fries (another recommendation by the hostess). She liked everything. The food was brought out by super friendly staff members. The decor is simple but super cute. It's casual seating and we sat in the area with hip blue sofas. The place has the feel of being super clean and mode. I highly recommend Blue Lemon for healthy eating with great prices.
3	Conveniently located near the US 60. It is a nice clean, open, modern restaurant and the staff has been friendly both times we went. The food does taste fresh but the portions are small. The steak tacos were really good. I got them with corn tortillas even though they normally come with flour. The guacamole was good but the salsa was very plain. The second time I got the BBQ brisket sandwich which was okay. The meet was a little tough but the bread was amazing. Both times we have been the place has been pretty empty. On the flipside the food does come out fast. I also tried the german chocolate cake bites which were very good. I will go back, assuming they can stay open. Hopeful they can cover the rent payment on such a large place with the foot traffic they are getting.
5	Oh my!! So delicious!  Everything we ordered was wonderful!  The kids' meal was great- and the Toffee dip with the apples is a new household craving! Good portion size and good value for the money.  When we went it was pretty quiet.  A nice place for a family lunch.  I'm looking forward to coming back here with my friends!
2	We were very disappointed. So expensive for so little food.  Sweet potato fries were good but overpriced as well. We won't be back
5	What a hidden gem!  My mother and I have been wanting to try this place out for a couple of months now (very excited about the pure clean eating advertised). Not to mention the gentleman that told us about this place had been to BlueLemon over 20 times in the last 3 months... now you know you have to try a place like that. I mean that is a lot of times to go to one restaurant. So finally went yesterday afternoon about 5:30pm. There is a lot of seating there inside and outside. Very trendy fresh looking restaurant. At the time we arrived there were probably 8 tables being used... which was nice to not have to wait. Timing was perfect. We ordered our food at the counter and sat where we wanted and within minutes are dinner plates were delivered. THAT WAS FAST!  We had the Oriental Salad, sweet potato fries and the Artichoke and Fire-Roasted Tomato Chicken dish. WOW! Very tasty plates and very filling. We also ordered their frozen mint lemonade which we were surprised to see that the mint and lemon were actually juiced there on site. We enjoyed our drinks and excited to try their Frozen Lavendar Lemonade on our next trip there. We also ordered the Hazelnut Cake (from a local bakery).. only ate half and took the rest home. We were stuffed to the gills ... all night long. The staff were very friendly and very helpful!  We are planning on going again this weekend for breakfast. CANNOT WAIT!
5	I ate hear and it was very good food. However, what was special about this experience was the waiter. His name was Nick. Best customer service I had ever witnessed. Truly a great guy; you run into a few of them in your live's journey, sometimes in the strangest, least-expected places, but you know it when it happens. I'm very grateful just to have met him.I asked what was good; he gave such great details about each plate. I ended up have a great ahi-tuna salad at his suggestion and was very pleased. The ambiance was bit awkward, when I was there. There was a women  having multiple cocktails, in front of her two children and being very rude to Nick. He handled it like a pro, and was nothing but nice to her in response to crudeness.Then she left, tipsily and angrily mouthing at her children, and didn't leave a tip. I hoped she wasn't driving. Now I'm from California and not Arizona, but even bad customer service from where I am from deserves 10% and this was the best customer service I've ever witnessed. I asked him how he deals with customers like that and he told me, 'Life is too short to take the trivial stuff personally.' Some of the best advice I've ever received. I gave him a $20 tip upon leaving.
3	The food was good, but the salad was drenched in dressing, that didn't really taste "clean". The portions were small and the prices were high. The food was ready in record time and the atmosphere was interesting. Overall I probably will not be going back.
1	Tried once for dinner and it was just okay. Tried again for breakfast and hated it. Eggs florentine has about a teaspoon of hollandaise, unripened tomatoes and hardly any spinach. Hubby hated the turkey bacon and his toast was hard as a rock. Potatoes weren't cooked through or were overcooked and way toooooo much rosemary. Everything was cold. Fresh seasonal fruit was an apple (in August). Not sure, but coffee tasted like it was instant. And service is nonexistent, both times. Good concept, poor execution.
3	It claims it's a fresh twist...was not fresh. The chicken on my salad tasted like it had been sitting in the fridge for days. The ahi tuna tasted like it had been seared several days ago, heated back up and thrown on my rice. And I mean "thrown". Saving grace is that even though I told the "waiter" it was fine and I just wanted a spinach salad instead, he still brought me a $15 gift card. So service is great. It was my second time here. I came when they first opened, and it was mind blowing. Just feels like they're slacking a bit now.
3	The food was fantastic. We got the beef tacos and one of their turkey/avocado/spinache salad and loved both of them. You don't get very much food for what you pay, but the quality was definitely up there. Fun and different atmosphere to eat in, especially enjoyed their drink, coffee, and tea bar. Not my first choice on places to relax and socialize over dinner though.
3	I loved the environment, and the staff was incredible.  the food wasn't amazing.. just .. good.and the cost didn't justify what was on my plate.
2	Did not like it :(  I really wanted to.  It had a weird smell when we walked in.  The cashier was super nice and helpful and the set up was really cute, but the food...mine was so bad.  I got the turkey avacado and I haaatted it.  Probably one of the worst things I've eaten-I should have said something.  The bottom side of each half of my sandwich was SOPPING, and the turkey tasted really old.  Also really pricey, $27 for mine and my husband's food and he got two small tacos.  He said his guac tasted like  Play Doh.  Won't be back...wish it was better.
1	I am not impressed with Blue lemon. I give it one star for the awesome decor but besides there is nothing much to it. The food was not that good and although it did come out fast I would rather take my ten dollars else were.
4	Sleek place with very good food. The staff were helpful & friendly. We have a lot of allergies and were both able to find excellent choices with the server's help. Everything came quickly.As far as the food, it was all delicious - some was amazing. My partner had the short ribs, which was perfect. A big, moist piece of meat lightly seasoned. I had soup and salad - the tomato bisque was good, and the spinach and pear salad was great (the side salad was quite enough - between the two dishes, I needed help finishing). Strawberry lemonade was quite tasty. It was a little on the expensive side, presumably because everything is fresh and made there.
2	I really want to love this place, but we've tried it twice and both experiences were just so-so. First time, the soup was awesome, but my flatbread was COLD. Toppings weren't even room temperature. (Heated at home, it was quite good tho!). So a week later we went back and I ordered the same soup, only this time I got 1/2 as much! And barely any nuts on top. Being inconsistent is a sure way for a restaurant to shoot itself in the foot. Also, when the cashier handed me my cup for soda, she did so with her fingers holding the cup by the rim -where I will be drinking from- (and right after handling money!). I was so grossed out. ANYONE who works in the food industry, even if you are only cashiering, should be taught basic food handling cleanliness. That alone grossed me out and made me lose my appetite. I mean, would you hand someone a fork or spoon by the part they are about to put in their mouth?! Ick.  Again, I really want to love this place. Nice atmosphere and a great menu. I hope the management will get things consistent and teach clean food-handling.
4	The food was great and delicious. I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the turkey avocado sandwich and I will definitely go back again to order that! The side potatoes weren't great, I ended up ordering another side because I really didn't like them. The employees were all nice and professional. The manager was kind of rude and snappy--she kept barking at the workers and ordering them around. But overall good experience!
1	Wasn't happy with my meal at blue lemon. Initial impression when looking at the place I was impressed and looking over the menu I was expecting more but I was let down big time. I got the bbq pull pork and it was literally a meat paste the was thinner that the slice of cheese. There isn't anything on the blue lemon menu that you can't get somewhere else and done better. Take an extra 10 minutes and drive to Paradise Bakery or Jason's Deli. Don't waste your hard earned money.
3	So, I decided to try this place despite its somewhat lackluster reviews because I thought the menu looked amazing.  I have to say, I think the 2.5 average rating this place has is about spot on.  I ordered the lemon chicken club, and when it arrived I was surprised that a) the chicken was sliced and b) it was much smaller than I pictured for $8.  I get that the menu just says "chicken" and I assumed how it would be served, but typically on sandwiches turkey comes sliced and chicken comes as a grilled breast.  If the chicken is sliced it usually says.  I guess this was just disappointing because it was indistinguishable from turkey, and had that kind of "off" flavor you can get when re-heating sliced white meats.  Maybe I was expecting too much out of a fast casual restaurant, but I thought that was the selling point of the restaurant - "gourmet" style food and flavors with fast casual convenience.  It was almost like they set the bar too high with their descriptions, and the food just couldn't live up to it.   Pros - the place is very clean, the staff was very polite, and my food came out very quickly.  Cons - food and flavor was just "ok", and a little pricey for what you get.I will try bluelemon again, but I might opt for a salad next time.
5	Amazing food here....we had the steak tacos and the salmon. The presentation of the food is great and the taste is even greater. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I recommend this healthy eating restaurant to everyone. Doug
1	I don't know why I decided to give this place more chances. I came in tonight and got steak lettuce wraps, it was the special and recommended by staff. I have to say I am not impressed, I barely ate half of them. The meat does not even taste like steak and I was given 4 small pieces of lettuce, not worth $11.00. Now I am sure I will not be back.
2	We came here for lunch, lured by the healthy, fresh, aspect of the food here. The menu includes sandwiches, salads, and soups. You can also substitute the ingredients in any sandwich into a wrap. The main problem here is the painstakingly slow service to get our food. We each ordered salads, mainly because we thought that would be the easiest item for the chefs to make. We ordered around 12:10-12:15, and had an excruciating wait for our food, which did not come all at the same time. My order came last, at 12:45, leaving me only a few minutes to eat before we had to get back to work at 1 P.M. 30 minutes to make a simple salad? Really?When I actually got my salad, it was a fairly sizable portion. I had the roasted beet salad ($8), which included slices of roasted beets on the bottom layer, with mixed greens, candied pecans, and feta cheese. It was slightly overdressed, but overall decent. Too bad I only had a few minutes to eat it, as I tried to scarf as much down as possible in a short amount of time.While they have a Coca Cola freestyle machine here for fizzy fountain drinks, their iced tea is made separately and has to be refilled by a server. The fountain drinks come in a plastic cup you can bring back with you, as opposed to the iced tea, which comes in a glass. Due to the slow service and our need to get back to work, I wasn't able to request a to-go cup or a refill on my tea so I could take it back, while the other people who got a fountain drink instead were able to take a refill to go.So if you go here, go when you aren't in a rush for time due to the long wait for your meal.
1	I was working the late shift and ordered the slow braised beef short ribs served with fingerling potatoes and carrots. I got the food back to work,  opened the container. What I received was roast beef over little dried up potatoes. I was a bit upset already having braised short ribs on my mind so I called to speak with the manager. When the manager got on the phone she explained to me that's how they serve their short ribs. I was speechless. She offered to take my name and give me a free meal but I declined. I ate the "short ribs"(roast beef) and potatoes. The roast beef was ok. It was like what I make at home in the crock pot. The potatoes tasted like they were 3 days old. They were probably frozen and reheated. So....if you like pot roast you should order the slow braised beef short ribs.
3	Nice healthy option in the area. A little expensive for what you get, but the food is pretty good and they're pretty quick with takeout.I had the a Mango Mint Chicken Salad the first time I got takeout here, and it was awesome. Very tasty and fairly large portion size. The second time I ate here, I ate in and got a turkey sandwich with some sort of cranberry sauce. Pretty tasty, but far too expensive for my portion size and good, but not great, turkey.
3	Very cute and comfortable ambiance.  The food was good for it's price. I got the whole hummus plate and a side of sweet potato fries. My total was around $10. The food is lacking some flavor but you can taste the freshness.
5	I love this place. Everything I've tried has been so good. Don't expect traditional recipes, however. Read the descriptions! The food is really unique and yummy! Because everything is healthy, portion sizes are smaller - but it's really filling. I love that there is a fresh and healthy option for eating out in our area. It's a super cute family environment that we all enjoy. My picky eater kids love the Mac and cheese and I don't feel guilty letting them get it because I know the ingredients are fresh and it's made with good stuff!!
5	LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. the roasted beet salad with chicken. It's beautiful and delicious. ..the perfect end to a rough day!
