2	To be fair to this restaurant, you need to rate it according to the type of restaurant that it is. To the American readers, I would compare L'Academie to a better version of Cheesecake Factory. It was loud, the service a bit uneven but the food was solid. I think that it is a perfect restaurant for groups or for a dinner date on a budget. It's Bring Your Own Wine and there is a good selection of fairly affordable dishes.I had a plate of mussels and fries. The mussels were big and clean. The broth was tasty and the fries homemade (so was the mayo... I think)Overall, I'm not gonna be dreaming about this restaurant but it was pretty good... for what it is!
2	We were in Laval for some meetings and were absolutely starving afterwards. We ended up at L'Academie since it was across the parking lot.We all ordered the artichoke salad and it was a nice size and pretty good; nice large chunks of artichoke. I had the spaghetti bolongnese, which was decent. No better or worse than what I could do myself at home. However, my colleague's seafood fetucini had gross green clams. I don't know about you, but, to me, clams aren't supposed to be green; they smelled really fishy.For the $13 - 16 they charge for their entrees, this place isn't really worth it.Next time I'm in the area, I probably try something else.
2	Crap. Food is meh, pricy and bla service. No ambiance, waiters look always stressed out. Don't eat here.
1	Prix tres eleves pour une qualite douteuse.
2	Nice location but service from young waiter was special...wife ordered a soup...got a salad...wife ordered veal liver...got veal pan fried! The manager who was very nice got involved and offered a new plate and free desert and coffee. Overall food quality was very good....and creme brule was one of the best . Still dont understand why restaurant dont explain the fundamentals of service to young waiters...like alaway keep an eye on their tables...have a little pad to write down the order etc...Restaurant needs to offers good  food but also an experience to customer...sitting with an empty plate for 10 min in front of me is not a fun experience...if setting table for next meal is more important then the experience...just make it a buffet style resto.  And by the way dont understand why my entrecote was covered with sauce....i can understand for roast beef...but a steak in my book should be served with sauce on the side.Not sure will return ...liver was good according to wife...my steak was ok..minus the sauce all over. Thank to the manager for the great creme brule that saved the day!
1	Just to clarify something for our American guests who come to visit. As another review states that this restaurant is a better version of the cheesecake factory clearly has zero knowledge about food whatsoever. I drive 4 hours to get to the closest cheesecake factory form Montreal but you couldn't pay me to eat at l'academie. I have been cooking for 10 years and work with my brother who is an executive chef with over 25 years experience and this place should be illegal for how bad everything was. Most other reviews speak for themselves. If I can give negative stars I would. Big rip off Just left this resto and will never go back. The decor is nice but the food is terrible. Everything is pre made and nothing is done on the spot. The service was ok but I couldn't blame the waiter as he had a big section all to himself. I work in the kitchen and on the floor so take my word for it, if your looking for good Italian food and a Byob check out La Strada in Lachine where I work and is owned by my family or Vivaldi in the west island. Don't waste time at this place. I do not recommend it.
