5	Tony has been a licensed Barber for only 4 years but his experience goes beyond. His cuts are unique!! He does ANY STYLE but specializes in scissor cuts. I totally recommend this Barber Shop.. THis shop is not only clean but quiet. Prices are reasonalbel ! Men, Women & Children.  Go see "Tony"  for your best cut!!
5	best cuts in town, reasonable prices, professional , clean, takes his time
5	Crossroad Cutters. Best Cuts in town.  Surprise Az.
5	I have seen may barbers over the years and Tony is the only barber I know in Arizona that can do the "Classic Scissor Cut".  If you are looking for a real classic cut then you need to see Tony.  Tony does other styles but I think that people need to experience Tony's "Classic Scissor Cut".  Are you still reading this review.....GO!!!
5	I thought Crossroad Cutters was only for men but to my surprise  Tony does women short hair cuts too. Try it and you will love it.
5	Tony is an Excellent Barber...I was completely out of date on my cut, he made a suggestion for a new style, I trusted his instincts and we went with it! Since then, I've kept that style as he was exactly right! For those with beards, Tony is your man; he is patient and will give you a great look! Say bye-bye to all those other commercial cutters, Tony is the only one you'll need to stay in style!
5	amazing place to get a haircut
5	Awesome place!! Tony cut my hair perfect. I just moved here from Cali and have been looking for a good barber. This place is really reasonable. Gene is also a really nice guy. Great customer service.
5	First of all- the shop is located on the backside of the strip of shops by the radio shack. Ok, now to the review...It's a small and quiet two chair barber shop. I really liked the old school feel of the place. No loud music or commotion, I sat down and got one of the best haircuts I have ever received since moving to az. Tony cut my hair but I'm sure his business partner is just as qualified to cut your hair just the way you like. Anyway if you like a super crisp cut, reasonable prices, and a calm environment to get your hair cut in; come here. You will not regret it one bit.
4	Tony was a really nice guy. Didn't have to wait and you can tell he tries to give you the best cut that suits you. His wife also works there but not when I rolled in. His shop is very hard to find. I drove around twice trying to find him. Look for the barber pole on the corner of the front face of the strip mall and follow it around back. And voila! There he is. The only suggestion I have is if he could add waxing.  Yeah for those guys who live their life having no issues with unwanted foliage on the body, good for you. Me?  I can be mistaken for a gorilla at times. Eyebrow nose and ear waxing would be a super plus. It's not feminine, guys. And no, this is not unusual. My barber back east does it as part of his cuts. And it is well appreciated by guests. Just to get rid of the excess makes a big difference. So I only gave 4 stars not because I didn't appreciate the service and will be back next time I am in town but because I gave my barber back home 5 stars for the waxing option and since tony doesn't offer it, that's why.
5	Got the best head and beard shave I have ever had today from Tony. Great attention to detail and fantastic results! The shop is a little hard to find. Head to the patio furniture store and turn right. Absolutely worth searching for. Great service and price. Will be going back.
