5	My insurance company recommended Concept Builders after I had a break in at my home.  I needed a door replaced because it had been broken beyond repair, and a few other minor repairs to the entryway and a storage room.  In addition to those insurance-covered repairs, I asked for an additional work order to install security doors on my other doorways, which I'd pay for myself.Dan, the estimator, came out within a couple of days to see what we were working with and provide the insurance company with an estimate.  He was very friendly and professional all around.  Once the insurance company approved the work, Randy, the project superintendent, came out to see for himself what work we'd be doing.  He advised me regarding the security doors and offered to give me two estimates for the new back door; either replacing the arcadia doors with new ones, or upgrading to french doors.  A few days later, a couple of guys came and spent a day and a half tearing down my wall and the old door and installing the new one.  Any time there was a question (like needing to remove a couple inches of tile, switching door knob types, etc), someone thoroughly explained to me what was going on so I could make an educated decision.  There was a flaw in the new door (http://www.yelp.com/biz/jeld-wen-windows-and-doors-vista#hrid:ZWe_Bj1_AqudoAfqVT276g) so they weren't able to paint and finish the drywalling right away.  Once the door was fixed, they finished the job within the hour.We had a reoccurring problem with my keys.  The original intent was to key all three new doors to the same key as my existing locks.  For a variety of reasons, the keys never worked quite right.  It would stick in the lock and require significant jimmying to get it to open.... if it even would.  After several re-keying attempts and I believe two new lock sets, I ended up with new keys for all locks on all three doorways.  Randy refused to give up, even when it meant he had to spend a couple of hours working on it when he had planned to just stop by to collect payment.  Randy and Dan both went out of their ways to ensure I was happy with the work and finished look, and that I felt safe with the new doors.  And I am!
1	The only reason they got a one is because I was forced to give them a rating.  Awful, horrid, totally devoid of professionalism, business ethics or competency.  Four months and my storm door is STILL non-functioning.  Three spur of the minute cancellations after I took the days off of work.  Home Depot lost two sales because of them. I insisted on a refund and will purchase my doors at Ace.  Employees flow through this enterprise like water over a rock.  Then,  if you complain,  You hear "It's not my fault!"  Seriously?  Their motto should be "We absolutely over-commit and under-deliver!"  On an upside,  I believe they will very soon have a lot more time on their hands.  If you accept four months the ias a reasonable timeline, and don't mind eating up your leave for absence of customer service and resolution of your concerns,  THIS is your company.
