2	I don't know why I keep giving Wal-Mart my business. I guess because it's cheaper than the rest and I still have a high expectation.When they have what you want, the prices on the basics are better than their competitors. A can of Folger's coffee or a box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes at Wal-Mart are the same thing as at Bi-Lo or Harris-Teeter, but are way less expensive.But that's when they have what you want. As usual, the items I wanted were out of stock. Specifically, the Sam's Choice Seltzer or Club Soda, and the Sam's Choice Belgian Chocolate. I have seen this store with whole shelves of "outs" particularly in the personal care areas. (Oh, and the "spill station" nearby was completely empty!) As in other reviews, I'd recommend carefully checking the store-made bakery items and I've brought home bad produce before too.Checking out, one of the four self-checkout machines was down. At one of the three remaining ones, two of my items could not be scanned. After a few tries, I gave up and left them behind.I have complained before and gotten a call from a co-manager, but it seems that they always settle back to low quality. Having shopped at their flagship stores in Bentonville, Arkansas, I know what a Wal-Mart can be, and these are a poor copy.At least the greeter wished me a "blessed day" as I left. Sorry, Wal-Mart.
3	Walmart is Walmart is Walmart right? wrong...location and staff has a lot to do with varying quality levels.  I like this Walmart for proximity, plus it is a super Walmart so it has a grocery store, plus all the other great Walmart ailes.  I can get lost in here for hours.  There is also a place to get your nails and hair done and a photography studio.  I have only used the salon, but I had a good experience there.  The workers over at the hot food and deli section are my favorite...colorful and helpful all the time.
3	If you are reading a review for Wal-Mart its most (hopefully) likely you know the jist of Wal-Mart.This Wal-Mart isn't any more special than the next. They do have the Auto section.My only ISSUE with this Wal Mart is the MEAT SECTION. ummmmm kinda iffy. "Fresh" meat doesn't suppose to look BROWN when the rest of the meat is RED.
4	Walmart is always the best. Set up a little different then most I've been too but easy to find your way around and get lost just looking. Parking is the worst during the day heads up.
1	Girl running the register was dumber then a sandpaper tampon.All I'm saying
4	Customer service has been surprisingly consistent at this store.  Usually I feel like i'm in the city of the walking dead when I see the people working at Walmart, but this one is different.  They are alert and friendly and actually walk with you to help you find what you need.  Unfortunately i need their help often because things are impossible to find, but I think the workers there are delightful so it's not a headache.
2	Was able to get in and out, but something about this store doesn't quite add up.  Maybe it's the close calls by cars zipping through the parking lot, or how the store is so far into the WhiteHall complex (feels like you are driving forever once you turn off of S.Tryon).Walmart is what it is... some locations slightly better than others... this is on the other end in my book.  Luckily I only have to go here once in a while.  It does serve a good place to kill time if you are waiting for someone to arrive at the airport.
3	Oh, Walmart. You entice me with your lower prices and my bank account thanks you. I seldom shop at Walmart just because there are many grocery stores a lot closer and convenient to me. However, after taking a look at my grocery budget, I realize that I could do myself a favor and take an extra 5 minute trip and save a few extra dollars. You can easily get distracted in here because there is so much going on...from the multitude of customers to giant aisles of food to the other rows and rows of housewares and office products. If you're looking to get in and out in the most efficient way possible, bring a list and stay on task. Those smiley faced signs with "lower prices" will try to get you. It seems like Walmart is well staffed at checkout. It didn't take me too long to scan my cart and get out the door. You'll see me in here again trying to score on great buys to ease my pocketbook. While I love to shop local and support the organic lifestyle, there are times I must face my reality and take advantage of the big box store of savings!
3	This will be short and sweet!This Walmart is always very busy. Its clean and fully stocked. Cheap prices but every time I go its an experience....I mean it's Walmart so I got exactly what I expected.
4	Shop here regularly, nice, clean store. nothing special, nothing bad either. Lines always moved quick, and I love their deli roast chicken, good price, nice meat, not much fat, better than Bi-Lo's.
4	This is the one I frequent the most... Sometimes it's hard to find newspapers on Sunday and on occasion the ATM that prints money orders is broken which makes for a long line at the Money Center, but barring those things, this is the best Wal-Mart experience I've had... The staff is neighborly and security is always around... The only thing is, it's hard to find a friggin basket!  But that's pretty much at every Wal-Mart... lol
3	I love Walmart because the prices are always decent and there usually a variety of items. This Walmart is not one I would recommend if you are looking for help, the staff is not very personable. In fact, the last bagger we had was giving tips to the cashier on how to avoid customers ("don't make eye-contact with them"). Very appropriate, pretty much what I look for whenever I'm spending money. It is on the other hand by far the best place in charlotte to find some of the most interesting people, a laugh is guaranteed each visit.
1	I like walmart for their low prices and that is it...their customer service is sub par and eventually I won't shop there at all unless absolutely have to...as far as THIS location (S. Tryon)...I HATE IT. That is all...
2	Another longover due update, except that this Wal-Mart still sucks. I popped in today to return something. And when I perhaps didn't speak clearly enough to the customer service associate, I got a "Huh?" in response. Is that how you speak to a customer? Shouldn't it be "Excuse me" or "Can you repeat that?"Waiting for registers is always hit or miss. Sometimes it's quick, sometimes it's long. Sometimes going to the self-checkout is better but not when two or three of those machines are broken. Seriously, folks. Get it together.At least half of the time, I have to get a replacement shopping cart because one of the wheels is broken. Yuck.For some reason, my cats love the cheap Wal-Mart litter. Thank goodness. But I usually have to dig through the stack because a bag is ripped. Waste.Ugh.
1	Worse place to shopI live my life on fruits. I always buy from haris teeters but this time I tried walmart..i bought apple bag..which is all ripen and so bad I will have to throw away. I bought orange bag which is so sour nobody can ever eat.. two boxes of blackberries which is all messed up inside the box... my whole weeks stock up of fruit has ruined. If I could sue for this reason to walmart I will be pleased. Stupid people don't care for someone's time. I don't know where should I go to throw my anger on. now I will have to go shop again for my fruits. I hate it..
