4	Oh. My. God.Not wanting to have an "Oh em gee" moment, I was nevertheless startled when I walked into Victor Scott to the ferocious beat of battle music. It was in fact the Red Hot Chilli Pipers blaring out from their fancy plasma TV screens, must've been a live DVD. If they weren't covering an American song, it may have brought me to be patriotic for a second.I love my home country, but do you realise how terrifying it is for a local to visit a tourist trap? It's a full on Scotland fest - you can even buy the t shirt! But as far as tourist centres go, Victor Scott is pretty comprehensive. Selling everything from cute  cartoonised Nessie keyrings to quality whisky and cashmere scarves, they cater to every kind of tourist. You could shop for your whole family in here, and not all your gifts would be overpoweringly tacky. I wouldn't come in here often - I'm Scottish, in case you hadn't guessed. I've never met Nessie and I don't eat shortbread...that often. Ahem! But if you're looking to take something different home, you can find everything stereotypically Scots in here, from refined malts to shamelessly gregarious t shirts. They even sell bagpipes, but you'll need to have a good pair of lungs on you! I once tried to play the bagpipes and the noise sounded more like a fart than anything else. But if you're looking for something unusual, you can't get more surprising than that!
3	Victor Scott is another souvenir shop selling an abundance of Scottish tat. From Nessie hats, shortbread to all the types of oat cakes under the sun you will find all the souvenirs you could ever need or want in here. They have so many items that literally every section of wall is covered with tartan items. Rather predictable as far as tourist shops go, but a-okay I guess as it definitely does what it says on the tin.
5	Found this Scottish shop much cheaper and cleaner than other souvenir shops on Royal mile. It is very well organized and staff is friendly too. I was looking for a kilt and they jumped down to their basement and made sure that I get what I need. I also bought specific clan crests which I proudly hang in my office.I was tempted to buy lots of stuff but have to tone down my Scottish connection whilst going back to the states.Staff is full of foreigners but they know what they are talking about atleast for tourists.
