5	As a vegetarian, very pleased with the range of options and quality of both food - flavoursome and filling portions - and the service - unobtrusive but prompt and professional. Good choice of a wide ranging menu for all types of diners. Never seen the place full - which it really deserves to be as the meals I have had there have all been excellent. Nice decoration, and decent, but discreet, lighting - no straining to see the menu or wonder what is on the plate! Good value for money. Highly recommend for couples, with a few friends or as a big group - plenty of seating as well as a seperate dining area is off the main dining room.
5	I agree with Gibson A, the service, food and price are all flawless!!It's got such a strong atmosphere, you'll struggle to find one like this  anywhere else. The staff are LOVELY, I feel proud to be able to give them credit on here because they deserve it.The music is a bit dodgy though, I would have preferred something a bit more upbeat but hey, can't get everything right!!I had the noodles with chicken in a pak choi sauce or something like that, and it was delicious. Really fragrant and really tasty! And reasonable!! I'll be back
4	Phuket Pavilion is owned by a very charming man called Bill and his wife, and is temptingly right opposite my flat building. Bill scores cool points because he's been to Lagos, where I'm from, and the menu isn't too shabby either! It's extremely well thought out and one definitely isn't spoilt for choice. The food, thai cuisine, includes several starters (over fifteen!) as well as soup, duck, seafood, and curry specialities! They've also got a long list of offerings for vegetarians, such as starters, soups and curry dishes. The restaurant is quite large, and if one ventures in far enough, there's a room with a whole wall covered in a painting of a far away, warm tropical place that is definitely NOT Edinburgh. Forgive the negativity, but the weather at the moment is quite depressing. I'm off point.A friend and I split the Gaeng Dang, which is a delicious red curry dish that we chose to have with King Prawns. O.M.G!
4	We popped along to Phuket Pavilion after an evening of theatrical entertainment in the Barony Bar. It served us very nicely, with my seafood dish proving particularly tasty.Overall, we said: "Phuket Pavilion served us good quality dishes that met with approval round the table. I'd be happy to pay it a return visit."
4	Having spent a good amount of time in Thailand we have had a chance to sample tons of great Thai food. While some restaurants seem to cater their food to meet the western palate this one generally offers good authentic Thai food as it should be served. The three of us ordered 2 curries and a Pad Thai. The curry dishes were top notch, while the Pad Thai was overly sweet. Service was very friendly.
4	I've been reading a novel set in Bangkok and became obsessed with wanting some spicy somtam green papaya salad. So last night, wanting a quick meal, noodles and salad were the perfect answer. Phuket Pavilion is lovely - friendly staff, free prawn crackers (I'm not sure how Thai that is, but they're good!) and tasty food. I'll leave the pad thai review to Jason, the expert, but man, that somtam salad was spicy and fresh and delicious. I want some more now....
4	Enjoyed a great night here. The food was excellent, service was brilliant and a nice cosy decor made this a nice find and would definitely recommend.
5	Enjoyed our meal here so much, great food, great environment and very friendly staff. Can't think of one bad thing, would recommend it to anyone!
5	I am sure I have written a review for this place before but think it's worth updating it. This is by far one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh. And anywhere really. I'll tell you why...Firstly, the food is always outstanding. I typically go chicken or prawn panang. It's gorgeous. And sometimes gaeng massaman. Also gorgeous. I've tried a few of their stir-frys which are equally as lovely and I think once Pad Thai...always yummy. But in a thai restaurant like this I tend to steer clear of Pad Thai as there's so many gorgeous dishes. I like to try a different starter each time I go and I have never been disappointed. Secondly, Everything always tastes fresh and flavourful. I find the portions to be slightly large unless I'm sharing with someone. Between a starter and main you're stuffed. Thirdly, I tend to eat here once a month, sometimes twice because of the above (and I love Thai food) but mainly for the fact that the owner and staff are just absolutely lovely. They always greet us warmly and the ones that recognise us always ask how we are. I have been bringing my son (7 now) here since he was 4 and they are as happy to receive him now as they were then. And they often give him a free kids ice-cream because they are just awesome like that. Not once have I ever been uncomfortable eating there with my son. They never made me feel awkward or badly for when he was messier and louder. They have always been brilliant. Fourthly, to expand on my previous point they so obviously love their local repeat customers. I just recently went for dinner here for my birthday. The owner who had come over to chat with us asked what we were celebrating and when I told him he graciously offered is desserts on the house :) who would mind that?! (Just to point out it there was only 2 of us)Fifthly, I don't love their dessert selection and I LOVE dessert. But I don't care as I'm too full from the amazing starter and mains. However I had the lemon sorbet and that was really nice. Came in a real frozen lemon as well! So that's my love of Phuket Pavillion in 5 crucial points I suppose. I could talk about their prices but let's be realistic...Thai food in Edinburgh is pricey. And there's a few better known places that have the worst service and average food that charge the same or more (chaopraya for one).
5	Their dishes are fully flavorful. You won't be disappointed when it comes to taste. We got the chicken pad Thai as well as the cashew chicken and it was so dang GOOD! And bursting with flavor. Some of the absolute best thai food I have ever eaten.
5	Absolutely amazing!! I would definitely come here all the time if I lived here. The service was amazing and the panang curry was delicious. Can't say enough great things about this place!!
