1	This place sucks! No one will help you. Each time I've actually needed help or had a question, the employees make you feel as if it is the biggest inconvenience to speak to them or God forbid help you. On the rare occasion someone does help you, the short manager tells them to do another task. Customer service is sooooo lacking here.
5	Nora was great and helped me whip out some printing jobs. Everything was super quick and reasonably priced. Would definitely go here again for mass printing needs.
1	I took a box with 2 items in it to have packing materials added and have it shipped.  These items were from a charity raffle we had at work and we were shipping the items to their winners.  When the box arrived it only had 1 item in it.  All I can figure is that the second item did not get placed back in the box as packing materials were added.   This was shipped back in Dec 2013. I started the claim process in Jan 2014 and am still waiting on a decision as to whether they are going to pay the claim or not. I have never jumped through so many hoops and had to provide so much paperwork.  I have had to file 2 claims (one online and one faxed), cash register receipt, shipping label receipt,  letter explaining breakdown and cost of my item,  and a letter explaining the circumstances surrounding the loss.  I am pretty sure it is stall tactics and that they are hoping I'll give up and forget about it.  I was told last week that a check was being mailed out,  but was called today only to be told they were stopping payment because it got made out for the wrong amount and the local store had called to dispute it further.  They are now having the local store send a copy of the cash register receipt and security footage of the person packaging it.  Maybe they should have done this 3 months ago.  I would definitely not use this local FedEx office and because of the way this claim has been handled thus far I would not use FedEx anywhere.  They do not stand behind their local stores and do not care about retaining customers, let alone treating them respectfully. I'm on a mission now to post my experience wherever someone might look up a referral, so other people can make am informed decision when picking a company to ship with.
