3	Solid place to stay at good rates.  Clean, spacious, and conveniently outfitted with full (small) kitchens.  Currently in the process of renovating - new carpet, new furniture, and so on.  Hence I found the place did not smell very good at all.  Personally I don't like to inhale new carpet fumes all day.  It was not as bad as it could have been - with the window open and fan blowing it was tolerable, but truly the rooms need to be aired out before being suitable for residents.  Bathrooms could use renovation - the tub was chipped in many places and the shower head looked ancient.  Maybe they'll be next...There was nothing particularly wrong with the Hawthorn, it was adequate for my needs, but there were lots of little ways they could improve:  Softer tissues, new shower head, new tub, softer sheets, nicer curtains.  At this price though, it was really nothing to complain about.
2	Well, the remodel is complete, but I think most of the budget was spent on improvements to the exterior of the property. Nothing special inside, and the room we spent our stay in was anything but a "suite". More like a railroad apartment, without doors to separate the bedroom from the living room. Bummer with a 2 year old.Staff was friendly and accommodating, but if we had it to do over again, we'd have opted for a place with some doors (and a little more space). Bed was just OK, comfort-wise.
2	Nice clean room, upto date, kitchenet, internet, 2 tvs, sitting area, spacious, great for the ironman--but still a few miles away, desk, friendly staff, fair price, would stay again, near freeway, close to down town, safe neighborhoodNegatives:Creaky floor, heavy walkers above, not perfectly clean, traffic on main st., terrible breakfast!!!! Bathroom fan vents to bedroom!!!!!
4	Clean, affordable, and friendly. What else can you ask for? After being driven out of my boyfriend's apartment by bed bugs, we needed a place to stay for the night. Although there were less expensive places to grab a room for the night, I always come to Hawthorn. The front desk is respectful and friendly (take notes, Extended Stay on University!), the beds are comfortable, and the AC is cold!! Consistency of service is rare these days, but you can find it here.
1	Would not recommend staying here more than just one night.  My wife and I stayed here for 2 weeks and were not impressed.  The room was very dirty.  You couldn't walk barefoot without your feet getting very black.  The maid didn't clean very well, even when asked  they didn't take out the trash or anything.  Pretty much just gave us new towels, and things were missing, I am not saying the maid stole them but maybe she threw them in the trash.  The manager Alyssa was very unfriendly and rude.  When we asked her for another copy of our room key because we misplaced it, she was very rude about it and immediately asked when we are checking out.  The power was out for a few hours.  I'm surprised they don't have a back up power system.  With this being a Wyndham property, Id have to say I'm very disappointed.Chris was exceptionally helpful, we stayed just because of his outstanding customer service.
