5	Montreal is over-saturated with French bistros. Seemingly hidden on every side street and kitty-corner, they should be approached with caution. I generally pause to parse over the menus and maybe glance at the laminated reviews in the window as I walk by them. No more than that. Most are pricey and I'd say they aren't worth it but I haven't eaten at enough of them to make that judgment. But on my modest income, limited budget (if I ever bothered to sort one out) and meager debt-ridden existence, if I'm going to go out and spend 50 hard-earned dollars on a meal, it better be worth it.  There's nothing worse than a disappointing and expensive meal. Okay, there's a lot worse than a disappointing over-priced meal (like cancer) but you know what I mean.  This brings me O Thym, a bistro that stands out amid this cluttered market. First things off the bat - it's BYOW. This already makes the price of a meal that much more reasonable since wine can tack on at least a dollar sign or two to any meal (and who wants to eat at a French bistro without a bottle of wine? It's like eating corn on the cob without butter. And it's even better when you can bring two or three bottles and feel extra extravagant without paying forty bucks a bottle). But, yeah, there are other French bistros that are BYO (specifically on the Plateau which has about six of them that I can name off the top of my head) so this plus has to be backed up by the food. And this unassuming bistro off of de Maisonneuve in the Village is the best BYO bistro I've been to (better than Au Petit Plateau, Colombe and a few others I forget) . The decor is minimalist and tasteful (it actually doesn't look like much from the outside - could be a fancy sandwich joint) with a daily menu chalked on a large blackboard. Prices are fairly reasonable considering it's French and BYO (something like 22 to 35 for main courses). I had the best ostrich I've ever had in my life there.  Sure, that may not say too much since I've only had ostrich a handful of times in my life but this one was cooked to absolute perfection. Great food, good unpretentious service and the bill only worked out to forty per person with an appetizer and main course (including tax and tip).
5	What a way to start off my visit to Montreal! Delicious.I called and made a reservation for two 45 minutes prior to our arrival to allow for enough time to stop by the SAQ and pick up some wine - BYOW, what a great way to dine! Buying wine at the liquor store we were able to drink VERY well - Chateau Margaux and Chateauneuff du Pape!! Must have saved over $100 compared to buying those wines in a restaurant.On our way to the restaurant, my sister called and asked to join us, and O Thym accommodated no problem: we had to wait 15 minutes for a table for three to open up, but our waiter was happy to seat us and open one of our bottles while we waited for my sister to arrive and switch to the other table. Being Ville Marie (or The Village, depending on who you talk to) it is nearly all Francophone. The menu was chalked up on a board entirely in French, a lovely characteristic, but our waiter was happy to bring us an English menu - not even of a flutter of snobbery. Throughout the meal he made a much-appreciated effort to speak to us in English, and did a bang-up job at it, topping off our fabulous experience.Now, to the food! Oh the food - scrumptious. I started with the sweetbreads while my fellow diners had the smoked duck salad and the salmon & avocado tartare. Forkfuls exchanged around the table, all quite tasty. We followed that with a palate cleanser of sorbet, and then I had the venison and the rest of the table the filet mignon. Once again, all delectable. For dessert we shared a cheese plate, the creme brulee, and the flourless chocolate cake. No let down here either! The meal was paced perfectly, and we were the last ones in the place.Coming away from a meal like that without having broken the bank was just so refreshing. The BYOW along with mouth-watering food and top-notch service all in an unpretentious setting: this is bistro dining at its best!
5	I'll write a full review on one of the other listings for this restaurant, so be sure to check it out. This place is divine.  I'd give 6 stars if possible. I love the idea of bringing one's own wine to a fine restaurant.  I wish it would catch on in the Boston area.
5	My husband and I just might have had the most wonderful meal in all of Montreal at O Thym during a recent visit.  We found this place quite by accident, after realizing the place we had wanted to book for dinner was closed on Mondays, so after a bit of searching on his iPhone for BYOW places, we selected O Thym.  What good fortune for us that we got reservations.The place itself is in a residential/business area.  There is a pet shop and hardware store across the street.  We were staying in Vieux Montreal and walked there, Metro'd home from the nearby station. Love the water menu.  Loved the modern/simple decor.  Emphasis here is on delicious food and good service.For starters I had the salmon tartare with pureed avocadoes.  Fresh and superb products.  Husband had rocket salad with smoked duck and parmesan.  Wonderful touch of balsamic reduction--killer good combination of flavors.We then moved on with our meal: my main course was the lamb chops with roasted garlic.  Cooked rare, just as I requested.  He had the filet mignon (bleu--and it was) which was served with wild mushrooms.  How spectacular were these meals I cannot even tell you.  Perfection.  Dessert--we shared a wonderful creme brulee.  Heaven.  At the end of our meal we told our server that our meals were exceptional and he remarked that he is the owner of this place and 3 other similar ones, and gave us the business cards.On our next trip to Montreal I hope we have the chance to try them all.  Fantastique, eh!
4	The host at our B&B recommended this place for a modern take on French cuisine.  He tried to explain how the name "O'Thym" is a play on words, but I don't remember how that worked out...  We loved the atmosphere and I remember thinking that it felt like we were in NYC or back home in Chicago.  I can't really speak as to the quality of traditional French food, but it tasted real good, looked real good, and we felt real good sitting in the space.As tourists in the city, it is a safe bet that this place will set the mood for a wonderful evening in Montreal.We'll go back.
3	Before going to Montreal for the weekend, my husband did some research for a place where we could bring our own wine. O'Thym was recommended by several people. We arrived about 45 minutes early and thought we might be able to be seated early. Little did we know "2 seatings per night" means one starts at 6 and one starts at 9. We had to come back. Which was fine because we had the chance to explore the "bohemian" neighborhood where O'Thym is located. Just before nine, most of the earlier customers had left and groups of people started pouring in for the second seating. The waitresses methodically opened bottles while describing the menu items. The small staff of 3 worked the room with precision and pleasantries. The food was new French with many of seasonal and local ingredients, but prepared with a freshness leaving some of the richness of traditional French food behind. I had zuchinni flowers stuffed with mushrooms served over a bed of sweet peppers drizzled with a red pepper sauce. My main course was bison steak and served with too many supporting dishes and flavors for my liking. (a small portion of potatos gratin was so cheesy that the cheese took over the flavor of anything else with it).My husband had ceviche for his entree followed by a filet mignon which he found to be cooked perfectly, but a bit rich for his taste. His meal was served with the same host of side dishes. There was a nice surprise - a palate cleansing course of melon sorbet served in a martini glass splashed with vodka. MMM!The place had a good energy. We would go again!
5	I have been here several times and brought everyone from the most strict vegetarian to the biggest meat lover, and everyone has left wishing to come back!Service is fantastic, BYOB is always a plus, and the food has a unique Quebec flavor to it.  It may be considered french, but you'd be hard pressed to find most of these dishes in your standard french cuisine.Menu is pretty consistent, with a few specials each day, but the chef will cater a dish to whatever you need.  Although almost nothing on the menu is vegetarian, friends of mine have had dishes made by the chef many times and always loved it.Make sure you get the Trou Normand in between courses!  A delicious palate cleanser, share at least between 2 people.A great place to stretch your boundaries, anything on the menu is guaranteed to be great!
5	This is one of my all time favorite BYOW restaurants. The food is always good, and I mean always. I won't go into what's good about it, it just is. Try it. If you don't love it, come on back and let me hear about it. I've been about 10 times and I'll probably be going back soon! As far as price, well it's about as fair as you can hope for considering what they serve up on the plate.
5	For the last night of our honeymoon, we were looking for something special. We found it and more at O'Thym. We were staying nearby, popped in to make a reservation, and were told that dinner seatings were at 6 and 9. We chose 6, and were greeted by a gentleman who was kind enough to warn us off of the table near the door,"because of the smokers" and seated us near the window. Our waitress Vanessa was cheerful and helpful in a genuine way, not with a forced smile for the American tourists.She was very busy but attentive, an excellent waitress. We brought our own bottle of French red that we had purchased earlier, I only wish we had brought a better wine to complement the delicious food. We started with an entree, my wife had a veal liver dish with pistachio and star anise, I had foie gras in a pastry with fig sauce. The flavors were intense. The Trou de Normand, or palate cleanser, was a lemon sorbet in  citrus vodka served in a martini glass with rind and a sprig of mint. It was the ideal setting for the next course. My wife's lamb chop plat was superb, and my filet mignon was the finest piece of beef I've ever had. For dessert we both had a concoction of spiced pears, Cointreau, tamarind, and cream that was the perfect ending to a wonderful meal. Any anniversary visit to Montreal will certainly include a return to this place, it was a consummate ending to our week of celebration.
5	My first question is:  why is this not more popular on Yelp??We found this restaurant through Urban Spoon, and the menu really appealed to us.  We were looking for a great French-inspired meal, and we found it.We were offered soup as a starter, and it was a vegetarian blended soup.  We then moved on to a mixed board, which included Chorizo, chicken liver pate with a port jelly, duck foie gras with a maple liquor, and a duck rillette.  Fantastic.We opted for the "palate cleanser," which was a lime sorbet with a citrus vodka.For our main course, we ordered the veal shank, and one of the day's specials, the veal rib chop.  Both were absolutely mind blowing.Finally, we finished with the molten chocolate cake, and a layered desert which had cooked pear (if I'm not mistaken) with layers of marscapone.   Overall, this was one of the best meals I have had in the area.  However, there is one big con:  Bring Your Own Wine.  While this is great for locals, for those of us on the road, it can present a challenge when we're short on time.Overall, excellent food, and I would come back in an instant!
5	Best hidden Montreal gem. I moved from Montreal when I was 24, and I have to say this is hands down my favorite restaurant. It's an amazing byowine place that changes is menu based on what food is in season. Service is amazing, they make you feel like and king and I have never been let down by the food. They even got me into eating baby deer. One thing that is annoying is that certain nights (or all nights) they only take seats at 2 times.
5	This place is incredible.  After a terrible 'fancy' meal the night before, I couldn't have been more impressed with this place.  At first, we couldn't get a reservation (we were calling at 19h30 on a Sat. for a 20h30 reservation, so totally understandable), but they called back and got a table for four in.  It was Apportez Votre Vin (BYOW) so we were able to get two nice burgundies for less than you'd normally spend for shit wine.  Important note here, there is a well stocked SAQ next to the Beaudry Metro stop that we should have hit up (we hit an SAQ Express near the hotel instead)The service here was incredibly warm and our server stuck to French with the three of us who wanted French service but still spoke English with the person who did not speak French.  I thought it was a nice touch.We ordered the Oyster special (4/5) which would only have been better if the oysters had a little more flavor, but they were served with a delicious pickled cucumber/radish salad and another salad that I can only guess the contents of but that was so tasty.  The drop dead dish of the night (and the one I'm going to try to recreate at home) was the Foie Gras, Shallot, and Fig Tatin.  The Foie Gras was cooked perfectly and the flavors blended really well.  I was sad we only got one to share between the four of us. I would seriously go to this place and just get two and then hide under my napkin while I eat them.  We had four 'Trou Normands" after our apps, and I thought they tasted great. It was a lemon sorbet sitting in a pool of vodka (so technically not a Normand according to my friend, since that requires Calvados and apple sorbet) but it was good nonetheless.For the mains, two of us ordered the Lamb and two the Deer Shoulder.  I loved the deer shoulder, which was the perfect medium-rare I'd asked for, and was served with a really delicious sauce (kind of tasted like balsamic reduction but don't quote me) and root veggies.  There wasn't anything left.  I wasn't a fan of the lamb, but I don't seek it out typically and the two lamb eaters were happy.Overall, I'd say this is my best overall restaurant experience in Montreal. I highly recommend checking it out.
5	I whole heartedly agree with the most effusive reviews posted for O'Thym. Excellent food, friendly-not fussy, nor snooty-service, in an attractive setting. Simplistic decor which lets the food stand out even more. Two of us enjoyed two apps (foie gras is a MUST HAVE!), two entrees, the divine palate cleanser and dessert for $145 including taxes and tip. We,re only in Montreal for a week, but we plan to head back on our last night to try more from the menu.
5	Ditched friend's recommendation for another restaurant, followed all the yelpers and went to this place. It was an absolutely amazing meal. Very friendly staff. My rave about this place has been said by fellow yelpers. But I want to point it out that this place closes early on Friday (I think 6pm) and does not open for Sat. and Sun. Thank God we got to Montreal on Wed and called to make an appt for Thursday night at 7pm, the person picks up the phone and misremembered the day and thought that they are closing early next day. But I said right away tomorrow is only Thursday and he laughed and gladly made the appt for me. (I guess you can tell from my voice that I was determined to go to this place no matter what. :-))
5	we love this place
5	This is a great BYOB restaurant where the bread and fantastic food kept coming. The special appetizer was duck heart tartar and it was delicious, so good that we had to order another one. Make sure that you make reservations! Coming from Toronto where BYOB is not an option, this is one of the best experiences we've had!!
5	Amazing. Unpretentious, delicious local ingredients cooked in classic French style. The food is top notch, but bringing your own wine allows for a fabulous dinner at a much reduced price (no restaurant markup on the bottle, which is a big difference). Ambiance and service are pitch-perfect. Is it loud at times? Is it crowded at times? Maybe, but if that's what it takes to allow more people to experience this gem, so be it. I'll be back.
4	This place is good but not amazing, at least not by the new 5 star standard set by Les 3 Petit Bouchons. It's also incredibly loud. We were seated at a small table by the front window and had to really raise our voices just to talk at the table - I can't imagine having been seated in the middle of the restaurant.We shared a few starters and one main. The empanada, a seasonal special, was definitely the standout item. We also had the salmon tartare (which, to our surprise, was actually *smoked*), the trous Normand and another off-menu item, the veal in chorizo sauce. All was satisfactory, but with the slight exception of the empanada, the refined flavour combinations and certain extra special quality that sets the extraordinary apart from the simply good or above average was not there. No issues with the service, whatsoever.
5	My husband and I had dinner here last week and couldn't have been more delighted. He had the deer chop and I had duck. Both were were super tender and  delicious. Definitely would recommend not missing this sweet spot!
4	Very good.  The deer shoulder (poor Bambi!) was the highlight of the meal.  The only thing that could have made it better would have been roasted Thumper as a starter.
5	This place was amazing!  To start, they brought out butternut squash and Vietnamese mint soup, which was possibly the best surprise ever.  Then I had the roasted vegetable salad with creamy feta cheese for an appetizer.   I have never had such amazing vegetables (my boyfriend, who previously didn't like mushrooms, even loved the ones in the salad).  Then I had the palate cleanser (apple sorbet with "ice cider") which was also delicious and incredibly smooth.  For the main course I had the fish of the day, which was sea bass with fennel, fava beans, sea beans, and some kind of tasty puree.  SO GOOD!  I've never had a dish with better use of fennel.  Finally for dessert I had the maple creme brulee, which was as good as it sounds.   They really know what they're doing here.  The portion sizes were perfect, and although the service wasn't super speedy, it was really nice to just relax because there was a great ambiance (lots of locals, chic but laid-back).  It is BYOB so make sure you buy wine in advance if you want any.  They're really nice about getting you ice buckets etc. if you need them.  O Thym was worth every penny.
4	Place is BYOB which is awesome! Though the food is definitely high quality, the decor/ambience is more casual and even a little hipster. The restaurant was pretty loud and a bit crowded (probably due to the BYOB).Had the lamb with honey and cumin. Lamb was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. Portions were also generous. The foie gras appetizer was amazing. Also had the duck gizzard as an appetizer which was less impressive.
5	Had a just plain orgasmic meal here last week, thanks for the tip Yelpers! Having now eaten at Wellington, Smoking Vallee and this Gay Village gem by the same crew I'd be hard pressed to pick a favourite but will return to all three repeatedly. For ambiance this one holds my heart - there is some wizardy in managing to be both bright white and sexy soothing dim at the same time. Lighting designers were involved in this sleight of hand I imagine... The foooooood! Filet mignon came with a soup starter with a cauliflower base and some slow build kick to it of.. white pepper? I think? Lovely. Stop-and-talk-about-it lovely, which is saying something at table full of best best lady friends. The steak itself was perfect, melt in your watery mouth, and the tiny mushooms, puree of something, tiny perfect root veggies and brandy gravy.. good lord. That is all. The chocolate dessert and the erable creme brulle were outstanding.We had no problem getting a reservation the day before for the 6pm seating which was perfect for hitting a show at National well wined and dined after dinner. Very very highly recommended. Try not to sit at the table by the stairs down to the bathroom if you don't want to get your chair kicked (sorry for kicking your chair nice madame.)
5	As the name suggests, O'Thym is a  herb lovers paradise.  it is a really cute mid to upscale BYOB French Bistro with a post modern minimalist decor.It was very cute and a great place to have dinner for 2 or 4.They have a very European approach to dinner.  They have 2 dinner shifts that are each 2.5 hours long.  They bring courses out in a staggered manner, so everyone who is dinning with you is on a similar dinning schedule.  This adds for a great environment, since everyone is in the same stage of their meal and really sets a good ambiance,  Everything that we ordered was very good. We ordered the shrimp ravioli appetizer.  This was a really exotic play on the ravioli as it mixed many herbs with shrimp to give a very earthy and herbally taste.  This is the type of dish that a wine pairer dreams of.We also ordered the smoked salmon dish and it was to die for.  This was a very traditional french dish loaded with herbs and captured the perfect nodes for a Bordeaux.  This was by far the best dish we ordered.The other entree we ordered was the risotto white fish special, which does not appear to be a regular menu item.  This dish was good but a little heavy for my liking.  The risotto was fantastic but the fish was a little to subtle of a taste to be paired with the a rich rosotto. However, we really liked the fresh beans that were mixed into the risotto.  This created a very nice texture to add alongside the risotto.The service is excellent and the wait staff is very nice.  I will definitely go back on a future visit to Montreal.It is also reasonably priced for the food and ambiance.
5	Last summer I took a spontaneous roadtrip to Montreal. No plans. Just got in the car and drove 6 hours due north from NYC. Arrived. Checked into a hotel. Then it hit me...in being so spontaneous I now found myself sitting in my second favorite city in North America sans dinner reservations, and my two staples of Montreal trips, Au Pied de Cochon and Joe Beef were, naturally, booked solid. Suddenly my spontaneity seemed to be my downfall.It's difficult to have a bad meal in Montreal. There's a lot of great food there. That being said, there are also a lot of tourist traps. The last thing I wanted was to blindly head to just any restaurant, spend a lot of money, and get ripped off. I spent an hour or so wandering around, and nothing felt right. Then, I happened to be walking by O'Thym just as they were opening for the evening, and though they were booked for their first seating, they had a cancellation and were able to squeeze me into one of the tables towards the back. I wasn't sure how to parse the white walls and Thierry Guetta prints...I liked the minimalism, but it felt "cold". I started wondering if I had a made a mistake...if this was going to be one of those uber-pretentious places that serve you thimble-sized portions with an ingredient list longer than most Samuel Beckett plays.However, all of my worry disappeared as soon as I had the first taste of the complimentary chilled cucumber soup. It was incredibly refreshing (it was really hot outside), and left me wanting more. The best sweetbreads I have ever eaten were at Bayona in New Orleans. The sweetbreads at O'Thym were a very close second. Up next was a palette-cleansing sorbet, followed by my main course, a Venison loin. I love venison. My father used to hunt deer, and I spent a good chunk of my childhood and adolescence with deer meat in our freezer. It was a staple food growing up. Unfortunately, most people don't know how to cook it. I am not exaggerating when I state that this was the best venison, by leaps and bounds, that I have ever eaten. Not the least bit gamey, as tender as most filet mignons, incredibly flavorful, perfectly cooked. Even though I have eaten venison hundreds of times, I honestly did not know that venison could be like that.
4	great great place to eat in the village. One of my favourites French food restaurants. Nice menu, affordable and bring your own wine.
5	It was our first French meal in Montreal and the food was awesome. We were the first customer of the day for dinner and lucky us that we had a table without any reservation. We had two special appetizers of day and two main courses to share. The service was warm, the dishes were great! Would love to come back again before we leave the city!!
5	This tiny restaurant served one of the best meals I've ever had! Amazing. Salmon tartar, rabbit two ways . My dining companion had the duck tartar and the haddock special and we shared a platter of 4 Quebec cheeses. So good. Go. It's worth it! And don't forget to bring your own wine. Make reservations as the place is tiny.
3	This is not a tiny place, it seats 30 people easily. It is open and airy, the restrooms and kitchen are in the basement, further contributing to a sense of openness and space. There is a one page menu featuring the standard French fare. There was an effort to use unique ingredients such as fiddleheads (in the middle of May?) and sea urchin, as well as cheese and beef from PEI. Bring your own bottles of wine.Food: The food is above average. I ordered the octopus appetizer. It was grilled perfectly and presented beautifully on the plate. The entre I ordered was bison ribs. I had to send it back to the kitchen. The brick-heavy lump I was presented with was a tough hunk of meat. Like chewing a baseball. I complained that it was overcooked but the waitress corrected me to say it was actually not cooked long enough. Either way, it was inedible so they graciously replaced it with the duck which was perfect. For dessert I tried both the chocolate torte and creme brule. The chocolate was not too sweet and I would recommend this dish.Service: Our waitress frequently rolled her eyes at customers within our view when other tables asked questions about the menu, or made requests. My dinner companion reminded her of a forgotten order which resulted in more eye rolling. I felt this disdain of customer requests and questions was not acceptable or appropriate.Pricing: Generally a good value. The menu items are priced well at approx $15 for appetizers, $29 for entres. I tipped 15% but as we were leaving, the waitress pulled me aside from my group and implored me to give her a higher tip. I interpreted this to mean she wanted me to include the undercooked entre returned to the kitchen. Being flustered and non confrontational, I paid for both entres.Ambiance: One of the best things about this restaurant is the openness of the space. It is clean, modern, and simple with plenty of natural light.
5	I'm not sure if I've review this already, since I've been here a few times while in Montreal. But I don't care. This place is ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL and deserves this 5-star review.This little resto tucked away behind Le Village is probably where I've enjoyed the best food I've ever had in my life. I don't know how they do it! Everything is ridiculously flavourful, yet the flavours don't necessarily come from overwhelming sauces, but rather from the food itself. The quality here is top-notch, and the prices are surprisingly reasonable. It's also BYOB (I don't think they have a liquor licence), which makes the meal even more affordable compared to an equally spectacular dinner in Toronto (if that's even possible!). I'll keep this short and sweet, but if you want to taste what Montreal culinary awesomeness is, go to O'Thyme!
5	What can I say?  This was one of the most spectacular meals I've had anywhere I've traveled.  The fact that we could share it with our kids was very special -- we shared 7 entrees (appetizers) and two desserts, plus a cheese plate.  The waitress asked us to trust her and we did and were not disappointed -- from the frois gras, to the Quebec cheeses to the sweetbreads and scallop ceviche ... all was beautifully prepared and sweet to the palate!  The interior was very modern and clean, which we all appreciated.  All in all, a hit!
3	We decided to eat here based on the Yelp & UrbanSpoon reviews. While I thought the food was very good, I don't consider it the most memorable meal and the wait between our appetizer and entree was unacceptable. Probably 45 minutes and the waiter never checked on us and seemed oblivious to the fact that our meal had not arrived. The scallop ceviche appetizer was lovely, summery, light and balanced.  My daughter loved her salmon fumee with couscous and seaweed butter. I thought my husband's fish special with lobster bisque, sweet peas & wheat berries was the best dish of the evening. While my duck with celeriac, beets & lemon-thyme sauce was nice, it was similar to many dishes I've had elsewhere. As I said earlier, the entire evening was marred for me by the long wait. I think they are understaffed with the servers washing dishes, slicing bread & refilling water on top of running downstairs to fetch the food.
5	So many of the restaurants in Montreal, while great, have some pretense and attitude.  Not O'Thym.  There is a nice open feel to the restaurant without feeling cramped.  Wait staff was friendly and prompt, but the food was spectacular.  Had the Magret de Canard which was flavorful and well prepared.  Wife had a flank steak that was also quite good.  The palate cleanser "Trou Normond" while enjoyable probably wasn't worth $7 IMO.  It was especially refreshing to bring our own wine rather than to continue to get baked by restaurants for wine that is either too expensive or not worthy of the food.  Refreshingly, there was no horse on the menu, but I realize as an American that I am biased.  There are a million great restaurants in Montreal, but I think for the price point and quality of the food that dining at O'Thym is a pretty good option with which you won't be disappointed.
4	The Foie Gras starter was the best I have ever had. Absolutely glorious.I had the lamb as a main and was a bit disappointed. The sauce tasted like a good base sauce with a sprinkle too much curry powder (of all things) which had not had time to properly cook in. Service was excellent.  I would go back to give them a second chance for sure.
5	This has to be one of the top ten restaurants in Montreal!  I had the salmon tartare, bison w/frites, and creme brulee with maple syrup flavor and the meal was incredible!  The salmon tartare was creamy and smokey.  The bison was tender and easy to cut and extremely well seasoned and flavored.  Coupled with a couple of bottles of red from the SAQ and good friends, it made for a very memorable night.  I would recommend reservations because even on a rainy Tuesday evening this place was hopping.
5	I ate here as part of a bicycle tour I did with a friend. The food was delicious and worth every dollar spent on presentation, taste, and enjoyment. This is definitely a special occasion place to eat, but if you have something to celebrate, definitely come here!
4	Average French food. Maybe because we were there for lunch? Nothing stunning. But it was still quite good
5	Great service and wonderful french food in NA sizes. We ordered poisson du jour which was an iceland cod with lobster bisque mousse and fennel salad with turmeric mousse, and then duck breast cooked to perfection! Amazing.
5	One of the best Bring your own Wine restaurant in Montreal.... along with Quarter General
5	Wonderful meals and stuffs! The dishes are artistic!!!Please be noted that they don't offer any alcohols at the restaurant.
5	Went here on a friends recommendation and am very glad we did.Food was tremendous, service great and bringing our own wine with no corkage fee was priceless!A must visit while in Montreal.
5	Just shit on Au Pied, so thought I'd give O'Thym some love. Got to bring our own wine to a place in a beautiful part of the city and eat a perfectly prepared filet served by a personable and knowledgeable server. It was as it should be, and more.
5	One of the best, if not possibly the best, meals I've had in Montreal. The restaurant accommodated our large group (and many bottles of wine). We didn't encounter the loudness issue that other reviewers mention-- we could all hear each other fine and enjoyed the fun atmosphere in the restaurant. They offered us a delicious gazpacho soup to begin our meal. I ordered the braised bison, which I found to be incredibly tender, juicy, and delicious. My boyfriend went with the fish dishes, which were excellent as well. Basically judging from the many different plates in our large group, every dish was a winner. Some even ordered the palate cleanser sorbet to have in between the first and second course, and we all enjoyed passing it around and tasting it. All in all a lovely evening with delicious foods and a great atmosphere. Fantastic.
4	It was a solid meal.  The restaurant was able to accommodate our party of 6. However, we arrived a bit early and there were a ton of open tables.  We were all left wondering why we could not be seated.  Come to find out they only have a 6pm and 9pm dinner seating.  Although pretty strange concept we went with it.  Very cool thing about this restaurant was is that he it is Bring Your Own Wine concept. Starters:- Foie Gras- Salmon TartarEntrees:- Duck- Flank Steak (probably the best dish of the night)- Fish of the Day- Bison  The only complaint that I have about this restaurant is that the servers were not that friendly.  They need to put on a smile and pretend like they care.
4	Arrived in Montreal on Sunday evening and we were able to make a same day reservation for 730. Very much enjoyed the food and the service. I had the "fish" of the day--which was scallops. Lots of interesting flavors in the dish--not sure that I loved it, but liked the creativity. For dessert we had the chocolate ganache--very yummy.Service was great.
3	Very average French food. My bf's entree bison was cold. My duck marget was barely warm enough and I thought it was too chewy. The fois gras was excellent. The service needs improvement. I honestly wondered if they had the regular chefs and waiters/waitresses working the day before New Year's Eve. I feel disappointed by the evening since it was our last night of only two nights in Montreal.
