4	Liked it.  Nice paella, grilled squid.  Friendly proprietor, live music.  Would go again.
4	I was prepared to conclude that this place is a typical tourist trap that has mediocre food at terrible prices.  Thankfully, I was rather far off base.  We went here on a recent Saturday and got there very early (5:15pm).  We were the only table, but that didn't deter us.The interior is a little bit dated, but not in a bad way.  We liked it.  The server was very helpful and had several good suggestions of tapas to order.  We sampled many things, each of which was good.  The gazpacho was a standout: acidic, spicy, and hearty.  Just perfect.  The garlic shrimp, which is very easy to mess up, was done nicely.  The wine selection was excellent and well-priced.  We'll likely return here on our next trip to Montreal.
3	went there on a Saturday, called in for reservations n booked really early, arrived about 6pm...loved the ambiance, great environment, music n all, truelly loved it...we ordered alot of stuff, drinks, entrees, and main course meals...had a portugese beer which was awesome, then were given normal bread and garlic bread (tasted totally badass with the olive oil), then had some entrees and it was a total explosion of tastes...truelly yumyum material, was craving for more and really excited with main meal to come...then had some soup (lobster soup i think it was), also tasted really great...(didnt see any lobster or other sea stuff in there, hmmm)...then got the main course!!! when my eyes first saw it, i was like "what in gods name is that?", it was a total and EPIC FAIL...rice all over it masked the taste of the lamb, the scallops, and other seafood stuff it had! i was really pissed off...it really tasted terrible and i couldnt believe how they failed in it so epicly...the lamb was over cooked n hard to chew as well...what a waste of money...i went in knowing it carries a hefty bill but didnt mind knowing i was expecting to get badass food...bill came to $100 and i added a 15% tip cuz i was upset with the attitude of the manager (or so it seems), totally unfriendly, unwelcoming and seemed to be a total ass...after the bill he printed out the recipt n stared at it like he was pissed off...shouldnt of had left a tip anyway but whatever it was intended for the other dudeenvironment: 10/10music: 9/10 (had some newage music which didnt fit the place)entrees and appetizers: 10/10main course: 3/10 (mine), 5/10 (hers)staff: 3/10 (manager), 8/10 (the dude)
