3	Best deal you will find on tires anywhere.  Be careful with the groceries though - some are way more than what you would pay at a grocery store.  Store brand medications are also the cheapest you'll find anywhere.  The best thing is that while waiting for your tires to be installed, you can walk around eating samples, sit in rocking or anti-gravity chairs, or grab a cheap slice of pizza or bottle of water (67 cents) from the cafe.  You can also watch TV, mess around with the computers, or bring your memory card and get photos for 8 cents each.  Basically, it's worth the $40 membership for tires - and they include free lifetime rotation too.
4	It's a Sam's Club duh!  It's basically a Wal-Mart on steroids.  Never venture here on the weekends, always go during the week.  Also you cant beat the foot long hotdog and drink for $1.50.
5	Love this place! On Saturdays you can sample your way through getting full! The rotissere Chicken salad is the best I have ever had! I love the oven roasted chicken wings in the freezer section (this is the only place you can get them)
4	I could have sworn I've wrote a reveiw on this place since i'm here about every Third weekend. ahhh o wellanyway.. @ Lauren P... I'm coming for that Dutch Badge... lolIf you've been to a Wal-Mart then you been here. If you've heard many comedy stand up about this place.. welp.. you've been hereIf you can imagin Wally World on Red Bull... then... welp yelpers.. you've guessed it!If you under/overtstand the concept (Cosco's, Bj's) then welp. yet again.. you've been here.nothing about this place that stands out. I like it, I use it often.Go early Saturdays... free samples of a lot of different things.
1	Researched the three chains of warehouse style stores to figure which would be the best deal. Went to the sams club website which stated I would be allowed to obtain a one day pass with a surcharge. I needed something specific but was interested in obtaining a membership to knee of the three clubs. After driving the 25 miles to get to the club I was told that I had to come with a printout of the actual day pass. I tried to tell the employee that the website stated I did not need to bring a pass but visit the customer service desk and would receive one. I was ready total pay whatever surcharge I needed to pay. After speaking to a second person at customer service and told that " they ran out of day passes", that quickly changed to needing to bring in the day pass and "not handing out day passes". I went less than a half mile to BJs who had the option to deduct any surcharge from the cost of items purchased from the cost of the membership. I can't say I am shocked given that Sams club and Walmart are one ands the same. Its consistent, bad service or lack there of.
2	I went here for cheaper gas without the drive all the way down to the South Carolina border. Then I had the thought hey might as well check out the store while I'm here!I actually appreciate people who buy in bulk, it uses a lot less resources to package everything when you do that and indirectly help the environment yay! What happened was I saw a bunch of individually packaged things packaged into one big thing. Well that's sure different, way to waste money on that. The store itself is fairly clean and generic. I did find some cool organic detergent to try out and bought a few baguettes as well as a cheap bottle of wine that I ended up liking quite a bit. Then when I finished checking out I had to get my receipt checked when walking out, geez do they treat everyone like a potential thief here?I don't like Walmart due to long queues, shoddy service, shoddy products, and shoddy employment practices. But Sam's Mart has relatively short queues, and uh well I guess that's all I can really say.
4	I am a big fan of Sam's Club! We usually go at least every month or so to stock the pantry and freezer with kids school snacks and meats. I agree there are certain items you have to watch out for but if you are like me and research the ads and shop around for the best deals it helps.
1	False advertisement on gas prices:The gas price on the boards inside the store and in front of the store was different from the  price at the pump. After I pumped my gas, I realized that I was charged more.  The attendant told me that the prices on the pump are changed by the corporate office and the store doesn't always keep up with the boards.I called to speak to the manager and after being transferred, he/she never answered the phone.  There was no voicemail option.  This was the second time they tricked me. Grrr!
1	I called this Sam's Club to order some sheet cakes on behalf of a friend who is a member and was going to be the one picking up the cakes. The "ladies" in the bakery who answered the phone were extremely rude and unhelpful, even when I asked to speak to a manager. I have never in my life encountered such awful customer service. I told them to forget it and that I was going to get cakes through a local grocery store chain... and I did. We will never use Sam's Club again.
1	I am so sick of Walmart and Sam's Club associates. My visit today at Sam's Club was beyond aggravating. I understand you have to have a membership to shop and I was going to apply for one today but soon as I walked in the door which was about 3:00pm this lady or so call greeter was very disrespectful and didn't even give me a chance to go get me a membership card. She kept asking if I had a card and I said no I going to apply for one right now. I wanted to cuss her out so bad but I didn't. And the next time she does something like that again I will tell her about herself. Both Walmart and Sam's Club need to learn valuable customer service.
4	Wally World !!! They have it all here ! Nice selection, great prices! Love me some SAMs club
2	Walmart on steroids... Customer service is a joke. I cancelled my Sam's membership because of the lack of customer service at this store! Sam's Club is fine as long as you don't ever have to interact with an employee.
