4	Don't expect a luxury setting, but  for a tension-releasing, leisurely soak in natural hot spring water not far from Phoenix, this is the place. Tonopah used to be a center of hot spring resorts. One of the two that are still in operation there now is El Dorado, which pumps hot subterranean water into a number of small pools and bathing tubs. The setting is rustic and kitschy with historic relics and artifacts. There are private and semi-private soaking areas and rates that vary according to length of time for soaking (1 or 2 hours, or longer), and overnight accommodations are available. My friend and I opted for a 2-hour soak at the Sunset Pool area, where a wooden enclosure fence gave us privacy while affording us a nice westward (hence sunset) view while we enjoyed the hot water in the little pool constructed of natural rocks. The water was clear and hot but not intolerably so; a valve allowed us to control the flow of hot spring water. After a long relaxing soak, we cooled off on the lounge chairs and admired the view of the desert and Saddle Mountain to the west. We also enjoyed the lunch we brought, while listening to the birds singing in the surrounding mesquite trees and Mexican fan palms. Then, back for another lengthy, ahhhhh ..... so ...... relaxing soak in the clear hot water.  I know I'll definitely back for unwinding and recharging.Make sure you call for reservations before going there. You can make an appointment for massage, too. And note ... depending on the bathing area you choose, you can soak in a bathing suit ... or au naturel ;-)
5	Came here once about 2 weeks ago.  It doesn't look like much at first -- a first glance it's like a hippie trailer park.  There are a number of different private hot springs tubs that you can use on an hourly basis.  The one that my friends and I chose was $10/hour/person, and it was pretty private, down a short path with a hot tub all by itself, with fences on three sides giving complete privacy.  The side that was open faced the open desert, and because it was night and everything is outdoors, we could look up at the huge Arizona night sky.  It was so beautiful, and in Tonopah it feels like you're in the middle of nowhere, so you can be alone with yourself and with nature.  The facilities were clean, the hot springs wonderful.  That night I slept better than I had in months thanks to the refreshing hot springs.The staff was straightforward and helpful.  Overall, I'd really recommend it.
3	Interesting place in the middle of the desert between AZ and CA.
5	this is my favorite secret hideaway.  the private areas are an amazing escape for the concrete jungle of central phoenix.wonderfully rejuvenating - it makes me feel like i'm a robot getting plugged in to my power source.
4	Love this place.Not much to look at but the tub and hot water over looking the desert is the bomb!Recommend to anyone who loves hot springs.
4	This place is a hidden gem.  I am reluctant to write a review because the place is not crowded, but the water is so relaxing.  They say there are traces of lithium in the water which makes you feel so relaxed after soaking.  This place is by no means a resort, it reminds me of what a comune in the 60's may have been like, but the private areas are amazingly beautiful.  Again, this in not a resort and is very rustic.  However for $10 an hour it is definitelly worth the 50 mile drive.  I had the sunset area which is open to the desert.  Saddleback mountain is amazing, the dessert scenery is amazing.  Go here if you are not expecting the ritz carlton.
4	I love this place. It has a charm all its own, and when a good soaking is needed outside under the stars in AZ, this is one of my favorite respites. Thank you!
4	Swinger, Nudist, Groupies, Couples, etc... this could be the place for you!!My friend and I were going on a road trip to Arizona from California so we decided to make a pit stop here at El Dorado Hot Springs. Little did we know that we were in for a surprise. I'd probably agree with everyone that this place is very RUSTIC. Rustic Cars, Rustic Trees, Rustic Chairs, Rustic Hot Tub, Rustic Atmosphere.... just Rustic... and HOT. :)  If you've been to hot springs or spas at a local resorts covered with beautiful trees, pools, towels, and drinks all around, this place is quite the opposite. We came here on a Friday Afternoon and was greeted by a very nice lady inside. I wanted to be spontaneous so didn't bother with looking in too deep with reviews or anything. I wanted to get a tour of this place, so the lady said that she can take me to the Corale hot springs (the first one you see when you walk in). It was nice, but i wanted to see more, but she said they were all occupied.. which is fine. Then I asked her if I can see the communal hotsprings, and she said... "no, you have to be nude to see that one". I was wide eyed at this point and said "Ohhh, that okay!! we'll take the Corale" it was only $10.00 an hour, Per Person! That deal doesn't get better than that. :) It was very relaxing.... (just close your eyes) lol. My friend and I couldn't help but laugh the whole time because we started reading the brochure and discovered that nudist people go here. You can rent the hot springs for all your friends from 9pm- 11am!!!  that's right.. 9PM to 11AM. there's also motels in the area for you with a hot tub included.  All and all, this was a very relaxing place to hang out at even if you're not a nudist... er swinger. etc. Just hang out, have fun, and watch out for the gigantic dragonflies! I spent at least 45 minutes with my head half way in the water shooting at the dragonflies with the water hose. My friend was freaking out so she closed her eyes. when our hour was up, we exited and said our good byes to the nice lady. She says "You girls sounded like you were having a lot of fun". lol. a reminder for all: If you're going to come here, nudist or not,            - call ahead of time if you want to reserve a nice private spa.            - bring your own towel           - bring your own water bottles           - bring sunblock and sunglasses           - bring your own bathing suit.... or Not! whatever makes you happy! but come here with an open mind. It's very relaxing.. promise! :)
4	Very lax place. Not much to look at, but awesome mineral bath. Felt amazing and I bet nighttime visit would be beautiful
5	I have been going to the El Dorado Hot Springs for years and always have a relaxing time. Open your minds and give it a try...you won't be sorryMakes for a great "day trip"....lets relax
5	I love this place  and I recommend it. When you first drive up it doesn't look like much but when you drive in, its really cute and cozy.   I came here this past weekend, January after new years .  The weather was absolutely perfect.  Reviews are right, you have to come here with an open mind.  We asked for a private area.  We got private little area with a firepit, and 2 relaxing lounge chairs, a shower and a stone hot tub with a fountain.  It was heavenly.   You feel amazing afterwards.  This is not like being in a jacuzzi. Its like taking a mineral bath and you will feel amazing afterwards.  The people " snowbirds" were very friendly.    It is very rustic so if you are not into that type of thing then this may not be for you but I loved it.  It was clean and really cute. After this bath, I never have felt so relaxed!.
1	We have been coming to Eldorado since 1994 and have always thought of it as a wonderful getaway in a rustic quiet and serene setting.  We have watched management come and go since Bill and Camilla left in 2005 and have had varied experiences since then, some better than others, BUT we have kept coming back because of the water.  We went yesterday for a 3-hour soak and left after 2 hours; why? water was not even close to warm enough and not enough flow.  No adjustments to flow were possible and much of time flow into Desert View tub was a strong, lukewarm trickle at best.  We really mis the old Eldorado and premium hot, clean water and have been willing to tolerate other issues, but not enough hot water gives us no reason to come back.
5	Congratulations to the El Dorado Hot Springs for being my first non-culinary Yelp review! You are a state gem, and more Phoenicians should partake in this oasis of relaxation.Approximately an hour out from Downtown Phoenix, past Palo Verde Station, what nearly feels like half-way to Quartzite; is the town of Tonopah. Here, the El Dorado Hot Springs are a must get-away for the individual, couple, or even a group of friends! Run by a sweet, middle-age couple; they will serve as your guides into physical serenity.Each hot tub, constructed solely of natural Arizona geology, is pouring forth with natural hot spring water. Each tub is in turn surrounded by a private enclosure that creates a private oasis reminiscent of the Pacific at the desert's door.The prices are amazing; $10/hour or $50 for an overnight stay! Worth every dollar to stay, and every moment of the drive. I'll be making this diamond in the rough a routine ritual, and so should each of you.
5	I have wanted to try this place out for a long time so I finally made the drive out this HOT Arizona morning 6-30-14 and it was 100% worth it. It isn't fancy or ritzy but very relaxing. Look past the run down appearance it has and realize what you are getting for $10. I spent an hour+ in the Desert View tub and released all my tension. I could see Saddle Mountain in the distance and the different birds flying around.
5	AAAAAHHHHHHHHH..... SOOOOO NIIIIIICE!! I've been to several hot springs and this is one of my favorites. The owners are very friendly and have added their personality into the experience!
5	My wife and I have stopped here many times on the way home from a day trips to Quartzsite or just a day out 4 wheeling and rock collecting. It's always so nice to take a nice hot soak when its chilly out.We've always taken a private soak in one of the completely 'walled in' pools but when I've been there alone I've used the 'public' area and it's also very nice but you can't be shy because it's a nude only area.The pool we used is called 'the corral' it has a large pool,shower and a large old bath tub that could be filled and left to be a cooling off pool if you get too hot{easy to do!} it also had two lounge chairs and tables. It's a nice large area, I could see spending an afternoon there. I've never spent the night but I'd like to. Everybody I've talked with has always been very nice.
4	Road trip back from flagstaff to CA we stopped at the tonapah family diner for lunch and heard about this hot spring. Not even a mile away. We took a 2 hour soak got our own private "Desert view" they gave me 3 giant ice blocks for my claw foot tub to cool down in while we worked on erasing  our tan lines. I should have taken pictures but my phone got too hot- it is summertime in the desert! Great place to break up your trip, we will be back when it's cooler so we can fully appreciate a good long soak. Clean desert natural environment with ducks and even Tom the turkey. You can choose semi private  or private soaks, there's camping, room rentals, and workampers  are needed year round.
5	So I was having a very stressful time and just needed to get away and enjoy my time. I decided to book the desert view private spring for 3 hours for me and my girlfriend.  For only $15 an hour per person, was very cheap!As other reviews on yelp state, this is not a high luxury spa, it's outdoors and in the middle of the desert.  It's definitely rustic and simple, but I think I liked that even more.  The staff were very warm and friendly. There were turkeys and chickens running around in the open lot, lol.  The actual experience of the springs was perfect.  We were far enough out of town I didn't feel the fast pace of the city.  The springs were quiet, the water was so fresh and soft.  It was 3 hours of no stress and total relaxation.  I'm a massage therapist and can't even say how many massages I have received over the years and this felt more productive than most massages.My gf and I had a great time and look forward to going again and again and again.
5	This place is amazing. If you're looking for luxurious, five star blah blah we probably can't be friends. This place was real, natural, simple, friendly, and after a weekend of physically and mentally strenuous work in Phoenix, it was exactly what I needed.The staff was all very sweet, relaxed, and helpful. They have a few animals, including a sweet and adventurous kitten who came and kept me company in my room and while I soaked. In the morning I got to feed their peacocks (kitty food! Who would of thought?) and checked out the many chickens and Tom the turkey. I stayed in the Mariposa room for $50 for the night. It was simple and everything I needed; bed, fridge, AC, mirror, chairs, and a coffee maker. The private lounge area outside the room connected to the hot springs area where there were many tubs being filled with incredible,natural water. I soaked in both an overflowing claw foot bathtub (Shanghai Noon style!) as well as a larger, stone pool. It was perfect for relaxing and stretching. I spent some time cooling off after in my robe out in the lounge area looking up at the stars. There was some construction happening the next morning (starting around 10am) but it was far from bothersome. In fact, it felt more like a communal project, and I had the urge to offer to help in exchange for more time there. Another soak in the morning before hitting the road back to LA and this was definitely the best fifty bucks I've ever spent on the road.
5	Very simple, rustic fun. Everything was really clean and well kept. The tub was a little bit on the lukewarm side given the recent overnight low temps (but you can't change science). It's a little close to the highway, but you get over it and give into the experience. We brought drinks and a low volume boom box which was totally fine. The staff was very nice and welcoming. I'm excited to return for a camping trip.
