1	I am so irretated! I called Ford to make an appointment to have my AC checked out. At first they were pleasant and reassured me that they would take care of the issue and that I was smart for purchasing their Gold Factory Warranty. I made the appointment for 7am (right when they opened) on my only day off. I get a call at 5pm telling me that they will NOT get to my vehicle due to the fact of other cars before me. After talking to the gal that was pulling every trick to not making me get irretated, I finally asked her if she had enough mechanics on. She exclaimed, "well sir we are kind of short handed today". ...So she lied to me. All you have to do in this world is be honest!! I went ahead and picked up my car in 113 degree heat and to it to the Muffler Shop where they said that they will honor my "Gold Factory Warranty"! Thx for nothing Gaudin Ford!
1	This place is the biggest piece of crap establishment ever.  I come here to get my car serviced, and pay the $50 that it cost to make sure everything is in tip top shape.  I do travel great distances with my vehicle so I feel it's in it's best interest that its getting the maintenance it deserves.I was excited to find that they moved closer to my area, and from a distance it looks like a pretty nice facility.  That is the extent of anything good I have to say about Gaudin.  I've brought in my car twice now for this ticking/vibrating sound and they were not able to find anything wrong with it.  My car is still under warranty, so I'm going to take full advantage and fix what ever needs to be fixed before it runs out.  Somehow, this vibrating/ticking sound is unfathomable to them.  They said they found some change and a pen that could've been the reason behind it, but it's still there.  To top it off, when I asked for the change that they found, the man said that they threw it away.  Who throws away money?  Put it in my change compartment dummy.I brought my car back in because for some reason, my trunk won't close properly.  It keeps saying trunk open on my dash board, and I would have to slam it really freaking hard for it to "close".  This doesn't seem right.  Moreover, theres a rubber piece on my back door that's starting to peel off; no big deal.  I decided to make an appointment to get these checked out, along with that ticking/vibrating sound again.Made an appointment with the service representative, who was kind of loud and rude, for 9am the following day.  BF brought the car 9am sharp!  It's now been three hours since he's been there and they are no just taking a look at the car.  WHAT A FUCKING JOKE.  Apparently they were really busy and they couldn't find the appointment I had made.  Why didn't they says something when he first brought it in???  The car sat untouched in the same spot for a long time, and it wasn't until he said something that they decided to take a look at it.3.5 hours later, they don't know what the ticking/vibrating sound is, and they cant do anything about the rubber piece because they have to order the part.  Thank you Gaudin, you are a piece of shit!!!.  Don't waste your time, money, energy, and whatever else you deem valuable at this place because they are pieces of dog poop with no consideration for YOU or YOUR CAR!...  Needless to say, I won't be coming back... they have lost my business, and i'm not the least bit surprised that all these one star reviews popped up.  Gaudin, why bother, go F&%^& yourselves!!!
1	This is the last place you want to bring your car to be serviced. Disorganized, disinterested, and disrespectful was my direct consumer experience with "Great Big Gaudin Ford". Simple battery change with diagnosis cost $250 and took two full days. Do not be deceived by their concept of "appointment". There is no such thing. I was told Arrogantly "don't call us we'll call you". This is like a joke that nobody laughed at when it was originally told...and keeps getting told over and over again...and still nobody is laughing because...it still isn't funny. You've been warned. Gaudin Ford doesn't care that you are a third generation Ford owner, that you've dutifully supported the dealership community or anything. Gaudin Ford doesn't know anything about you and couldn't care less.Gaudin Ford gives Ford dealerships a bad name.
5	7500 mile maintenance on my Ford Edge.  The service manager estimated one hour to complete but it was ready sooner.
3	I would give this place a lower rating if i was only writing a review on the Service Department but have been through the Body Shop as well and they are great. Believe me, I had a bad experience with the Service Department. They quoted me a $2000/8-10 day repair and they had no idea how to do the repairs.. The pushed the work towards the body shop and they fixed everything within 3 days and it only cost around $400... Enough said.If you can, use the body shop and ask for Matt. He is extremely thorough and provides excellent customer service!
5	I've never talked to anyone who "enjoyed" the process of buying a car from a dealership, and I never imagined I'd have an experience that would make the process worthy of taking the time to write a review, let alone a 5-star review.  That was until I shopped with these guys.  I live in Sacramento CA, and was looking for a specific car (a one year old V6 Mustang with manual transmission and performance package, preferably with low miles).  I found one at Gaudin Ford... I had plans to go to Las Vegas for a convention (the SEMA convention) at the end of October, which was a few weeks away.. I didn't want to go all the way to Vegas to get the car, just a few weeks prior to going there for the convention.  These guys were AMAZING.. they worked with me so that I could pick up the car while I was in Vegas for the convention.  The salesman (Sergio Correa) was great - not your typical car salesman - he was friendly, genuine, not pushy and a really nice guy to work with.  The guys in the Finance dept (Jacob and Sam) were also really helpful and friendly.  I got the exact car I wanted (and it even has some more features than I was looking for, which was icing on the cake), it only had 9k miles on it, and I felt great about the entire transaction.  My wife and I left the dealership in amazement - we both commented that it would be worth going there from Sacramento again for our next car purchase, just to deal with these folks.  Great job Gaudin Ford!!!
5	I just purchased a car from Gaudin and could not be happier. I know a lot of these dealerships have shady reviews, but I've been around the block with these dealerships in Vegas and I made an account to rate this place just because of how much it stood out from my other dealership experiences. I was planning on buying a certain car from another dealership but checked in with Greg Anderson - he was able to get me in the same car but with less mileage, better trim, leather seating and a better car history for the same amount of money. Financing was a breeze - it was incredibly flexible and stress-free. Junior Daher helped me out so much with the paperwork and even drove my car out for me when I returned my rental car and could not have been friendlier or more helpful. I know this whole thing sounds over enthusiastic but as a young guy looking for his first car it's tough to find a place that treats you with respect and dignity and doesn't try to pull the wool over your eyes. Very refreshing and the dealership itself is great - no gimmicks, just a nice big screen and a few comfortable chairs and some interesting displays. They got my business for a reason, and it makes a lot more sense to me that they've been in business this long.Ask for Greg or Junior - They'll treat you like a person!
2	Hi Guys, all my friends warn me about going to a dealer with an old car, they told me man, they gonna rip you off! i said i'm willing to give them a chance, after all they are certified...well, first came in with a 2003 explorer, without even blink for a checkup they asked for 60$ just so they will see if anything is wrong, after that, they found some small issue stuff that eventually they got into about a 1000$!! Wanna know on what? well, 2 wipers - 100$, brake light bulb - 60$ and some other crapy stuff i can buy at Autozone for 20% in total. i was shocked! my luck didn't gave me a chance and 2 days later, after the check my driver window slip out of it's place right near their location, with this kind of weather and with my baby girl i didn't thought too much and went in... guess what? they wanted another 60$ to examine what is wrong with that and then they wanted 450$ to replace the window engine! a quick yelping shows me a place near by that replaced my window for 90$! with original parts!!! well Gaudin, i am willing to pay money for service, but i'm not willing to get ripped off. good luck!  u won't see to much of me in the near future...
1	Absolutely Not. There is absolutely no possible way that I will recommend Gaudin Ford to anyone living in Las Vegas. While other Yelp reviewers write about the body shop or the service department, my problem is with the new car sales team. My fiancee and I had done our research and ended up visiting Gaudin Ford to look at the 2013 Ford Escape and the 2013 Focus Titanium. Our sales guy was nice and helpful, the test drive went without a hitch, but the problems began once we walked in the front door and started the process of applying for credit and trying to purchase the vehicles. The main problems we had with Gaudin Ford started with a serious listening problem. I had lenders I did not want to use, Gaudin Ford ran our credit by them anyway. The process of finding out if my fiancee qualified for financing took almost 3 business days. In this day and age that's an eternity. Calls were not returned until I badgered the poor receptionist into having the sales guy overhead paged...but then when the financing department finally called us they said sorry, we can't do financing, she will have to do a 2 year lease. I had a long established history with Ford Credit, they even commented on it but when I asked them about buying the car under my name using my history with Ford Credit they didn't even respond to me! By that time we had had enough and we left the dealership with my fiancee in tears as she had never experienced anything like that. Fast forward 30 days later. There are 2 new vehicles in my driveway, both of which have Carmax stickers on them. There was no lease required for my fiancee, and both of us have very competitive interest rates that left us smiling. I did get an email from Justin Priddy at Gaudin Ford asking for feedback...but if they couldn't listen to me face to face on several occasions, how can I trust that my email feedback will ever be read, much less considered? One of my new vehicles is a 2013 Ford...but when it comes to service I can safely say it will not grace the doors of Gaudin's service department. 1 Star, with a recommendation to stay on 215 and keep driving by. The best view of Gaudin Ford is seen at 65 mph as you're going ANYWHERE ELSE. And oh yeah, I have a couple of special lists to place Gaudin Ford on. My friends already knew it was coming. Trust me when I say this placement was earned and then some. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #9)
1	AVOID!!!I was here on March 25, 2013. My battery light has been coming on while driving. I assumed it was an alternator on it's way out. I went to the service parts place and was "helped" by a man named Chris. He was extremely rude and ignorant. He discriminated against me because I was a young woman. He tested my alternator ( the same thing Auto Zone does for free) and said it tests fine and because of that, he has no other reason to do any other tests. I kid you not he said "I don't want to waste anymore of my time." I asked to speak to a manager on 3 different attempts and he kept saying a manager would call me but they will tell me the same thing. I never did a call from a manager. Our last phone call he said that he spoke to his manager Kathy and she said it was a fair trade that I should still be charged the $130 for the diagnostics test even though all he did was do the same thing Auto Zone does for free. I went to Team Ford today (March 27,2013) and they charged me the diagnostics fee but did say I have a bad alternator!! I will not be returning to Gaudin Ford. Horrible place and horrible customer service. Also not very educated. I would like my $130 I paid for nothing.
2	I tried Gaudin Ford Service and I compared them to Ford Country Service in Las Vegas .   I will choose Ford Country Service for my future repairs and pass on using Gaudin Ford.Gaudin Ford $ervice has higher pricing than Ford Country Service.. For example, to  inspect my seat belt for repair , Gaudin charged me $60 inspection fee.    Ford Country charged me   $ZERO  for the same inspection.I spent $2000 for my repair work at Gaudin, yet they wanted to charge me $60 to inspect my seat belt?No thank you, Gaudin Ford Service.... I will not be coming back in the future  when my cars need repair.Bruce Redden
1	AVOID EVRYONE THAT WORKS AT THE BODY SHOP! JUST DONT GO THERE. YOU WILL HATE YOURSELF IF YOU USE THEM! JUST DONT!Insurance adjuster from Farmers (our insurance company) came to look at our car and said about $3500 in repairs. He gave us a sheet of paper with their C.O.D. (circle of something) and it had Gaudin Ford Body Shop on it. It happened to be the closest to us, so we decided that we would take the car there for repairs.They said they had someone who SPECIALIZED in Volkswagen so it made both my GF and I feel comfortable dropping it off there and letting them do the repairs.  Their "BODY SHOP VW EXPERT" came to look at the damage and said it was about $6000.The guy said he would update us on the progress, which he did. he would leave messages if i didnt answer my phone and give an update on the car.About 3 weeks in, I get a Voicemail saying that he was about to call and let us know our vehicle was done with all the repairs, after the paint finished drying... BUT THE SIDE CURTAIN AIRBAG WENT OFF!!!  Apparently, these guys did not check to see if any of the sensors, from the CAR ACCIDENT, were jacked up, causing the airbag to deploy.  Also, rewind about 2 weeks... I stopped in, un announced - and saw my car in the body shop not attended to, so I walked over, saw the side doors had been taken off (to be replaced) with a STICKY NOTE on it which reads, " WILL NEED MUD PICS - MAKE IT LOOK BAD" with the guys enitials below.  WTF DOES THAT MEAN?! I had no idea, so I called Farmers and they said MUD PICS are the "area of damage" so i understood that the body shop needs to send pictures of the jacked up part of the car to Farmers so Farmers will see what damage is on the car, to get more then the 3500 that the Farmers Adjuster quoted me.  But, I did not understand why the body shop "VW EXPERT" needs these pictures to "LOOK BAD"!!  (are they trying to screw over the insurance company and make them pay more then necessary?)So the Farmers person told me to send him the pictures that i took with my phone of the STICKY NOTE, and he would run it up the lader to his superior to investigate the wierd notion of the body shop trying to get more money for repairs then they should be.Fast forward back to the airbag going off... the message says, "crazy little occurance happened yesterday, it was kinda strange so ill just tell you the story, I had the vehicle all put back together, and went to start the vehicle and the side curtain airbags on the side that we fixed all blew.  it sound like a gun shot inside the shop yesterday, um... had my guy plug into the system to find out what was wrong and the airbag sensor inside the front door had a HAIRLINE crack in it, um... sooo... thankfully it happened here, not once you guys got the car back so i got the additional airbag stuff ordered not sure if its gunna be here tomorrow or thursday, they said 2-3 working days,im gunna try to get all the other stuff done in the mean time. deffintly wont be done for tomorrow now with the additional stuff that we encountered, so im trying for the end of the week, ill give you another update thursday morning, if you have any questions call me back."They refuse GIVING us a rental car, though it was THEIR FAULT we had to wait longer because of the AIRBAG going off which they should have checked in the first place!!!THESE GUYS SHOULD HAVE CHECKED THE AIRBAG SENSORS BEFORE THEY STARTED TO WORK ON THE CAR!So they found out airbags are on BACKORDER from VW, and nobody in the NATION has this side curtain airbag for another week or MORE! that message I just typed out was left for me on 3/26/2013.He called again on 4/4/2013 and said VW is supposed to give them an update when the airbag will be coming in. I never got a phone call letting me know the airbag came in, no big deal, i just figured it hadn't came in.  So yesterday 04/10/2013 I get a phone call saying the car is all finished and ready to be picked up.  Today 04/11/2013 My gf and I go in to pick up our much missed car, its been 1 month sence having it, and ITS NOT EVEN FINISHED!My REAR WINDOW doesnt work. Also, there is a ton of some kind of glue that they used, who knows what for, all over the place on both door jams...my fingers could not get it off,so i told the guy, showed him, he went inside to get somethign to get it off, and it didnt work... so he went back inside... and never came back... wtf?! We also noticed PAINT WAS MISSING!!! the door was put on WRONG - the angle the door was mounted on caused the door to rub the paint off when being opened  and closed.. we told the guy this, and he said, "oh yeah.. he had to re-mount the door after it got painted." didn't the "VW EXPERT" know how to mount a fkn door correctly?! couldnt he feel the door not closing properly?! why would he get it painted with it not closing correctly?!  On top of all this, after the airbag went off, our "VW EXPERT BODY MAN" has completly turned into a fkn asshole. DEFFINETLY NOT CUSTOMER S
1	If I could give them zero stars I would. I was put in touch with them via CostCo auto purchase program. I filled out the form and gave CostCo my personal address based upon the statement that my email would be given to on-one except the dealer they picked which to my detriment was Gaudin. I was requesting information on a certain truck and had never even consider that truck or mentioned it to anyone. The next day I started receiving emails from other second tier dealers or brokers in the Las Vegas area. I contact CostCo and they are looking into the issue. The issue is somewhere between CostCo and Gaudin. Both deny they released my private email address. I spoke with the Internet Sales Manager. He is the epitome of a smart ass sales manager, everything is not his problem. I never stated it was ''his' problem exclusively. Just that somewhere along the chain of CostCo and Gaudin there is a problem. Rightfully so he stated that why would he give my information to a competitor. However when I suggested he does not know what his sales people do with the information, he said he absolutely knows what they do. He must be watching them 24 hours a day to be able to state that.He has a horrid, 'Holier than thou' attitude.  With a attitude like that, he is a detriment to the company and hopefully others will not support this company.Looking at the number of negative reviews for Gauadin it is surprising that they stay in business.  I guess what has been attributed to Barnum was right,  there is ' A sucker born every minute' and they keep places like this in business. With the number of negative reviews plus my experience with them, I assume the few positive reviews are fake, posted by them.
3	Been helpful the few times i have been while car shopping. I am getting some body damage repaired here and everyone has been quick to communicate the progress of my car. Only issue i had was when i was looking at a car to buy they were taking a long to process things when i specifically told them i was in a rush
1	This review is for the BODY SHOP.  I dropped off my car there at 9am to have the bumper replaced.  I called in the morning to make sure the part was in, and I was told it was.  I saw someone take the car to the back before I left.  I called at 3:15pm to check on the status of my car.  The receptionist (Stephanie) said the person who took the order to get my car fixed isn't coming in so she doesn't know the status of my car.  She doesn't know if my car has been fixed or not.  She doesn't know if it will get fixed because the estimator wasn't there to tell anyone what should be done to my car. She doesn't even know where my car was but she thinks it's in the shop. I asked to speak to the manager and she giggled and said he was in a meeting (didn't really find anything funny about that!).  What an awful place!  Don't take your car here.  Service is poor!  Stephanie, the receptionist, is a joke!!
1	Don't waste your time with this dealership if I could give lower stars I would, bought a car here and if I could have I would have avoided the dealership in general. Make sure you ask for complete details on the vehicle and get a carfax not the stupid auto check they give you, and also they never do what they say and don't follow through so in general avoid this place at all costs!
5	I have just bought my third car from Gaudin.These guys are awesome...I don't understand why they have such bad reviews.I always deal with Julio Lazzo.Straight talk....no crap....looks out for my interests.
5	VIP Service is exceptional.   Quick and professional service from the time I walked in the door till I drove away.  Estimated one hour for service and they finished a little early.
4	After moving to Las Vegas I was in search of a Ford Dealer to service my truck as well as it was in Los Angeles. Worked with Adam and Steve in the Service dept. They worked hard on getting all my work under my warranty that was to expired in 10 days or 200 more miles. They did a great job and stayed in communication with me daily. Much better then Planet Hyundai where we will never go back.The staff I came in contact with and service were great. I am a fan and they earned our business. Thanks Steve and Adam. Truck runs awesome.
5	Thanks to Junior and the Team at Gaudin Ford, they managed to beat the price of every other dealership I went to. They also provided the exact vehicle and features I requested. They also did their best to work with me and answer all my questions.
1	Date of visit: 16 Nov 2013 @ 1:00 pm.  First thing...the only Ford Dealership I know in America that doesn't offer Military Discount.  GAUDIN IS ONE CHEAP S.O.B!!!  Second thing....outrageous auto service center prices.  Being in the military, I travel a lot and have been to a handful of Ford Dealership up and down the West Coast, and never paid more than $75 for a Works Package, but this dealership charged me $90.  Third thing....customer service in the Auto Service Center was average, the advisor seemed more worried about answering his text messages.  Also, wasn't that knowledgable when asked simple questions about service involved with requested work.  The customer service at the cashier desk is horrible.  The lady working there makes it quite obvious she hates her job and that every customer that approaches her is the biggest inconvenience of her day!  Forth and last thing...service completed took over and hour!  At most I've seen it take is 35 minutes at dealerships 3x busier then this place.  They washed my truck...which I normally like, except the fact that it looks like they washed it with a floor broom and now i have hairline scratches everywhere in my clearcoat.  Looks like I'll be spending a weekend with a buffer and wax trying to remove them....cause based off this visit, I firmly believe that this place wouldn't even acknowledge my presence If I went back and complained about it now.So....spend the extra time and gas and visit the Ford Dealership in North Las Vegas, even though they are much busier, their customer service is top notch and their prices are much more reasonable...plus, they support the troops and offer military discount!  WHAT EVERY YOU DO....STAY AWAY FROM THIS AUTO SERVICE CENTER!!!!
5	javier avila was so helpful in explaining the different models of the f-150 and asking me what i was looking for. javier made my car buying experience so easy. i have since referred several people to him. he is very knowledgeable about all of the models and the accessories. thanks again javier!!!
1	Made an appointment for a transmission fluid exchange using their website for New year's day. Was impressed at the time that they were open. My appointment was confirmed and reminded the day before. So I drive my car there and the whole dealership was closed. No signs posted or anything. I'd be less upset if I was the only one there but there were a couple people trying to drop off their cars as well. Such poor customer service, it's okay to be closed but they really should have warned customers or posted something on their website about it. It's this lack of quality service that ensures me or anyone I know will not be using their services. What a disappointment of a location for one of my favorite car companies.
1	I only wish I could give zero stars. Or negative stars. Upon acceleration, the car jerks. Like it's having a hard time finding the gear. I take it in a few days after Christmas. Lest we not forget, I also have the extended warranty which I pay $90 a month for. My expedition is 6 years old and I thought getting this coverage would be beneficial as I'm sure the repairs are quite expensive. So, they tell me the car needs a tune up. Which of course is not covered. They tell me this tune up package is going to be about $980. Wow. I tell the guy, Christmas was like 4 days ago. How about we just fix the jerking problem and forego this whole package. Oh but fixing the jerking problem will be even more--hundreds more. You've got to be kidding me. But I'm like a freaking hostage here so what can I do? I agree. They call me on 12/31 and tell us we can pick it up after 12. Fine. We get there at 2:30 just to find out they closed at 2 for the holiday. That's funny, that wasn't mentioned on the voice mail message that said the car would be ready after 12. They didn't say after 12 but before 2. So that pissed me off. And then when we finally do pick it up, the jerk face "service advisor" says "oh the repairs came in lower than I quoted...I said $980, but I got it down to $960". Oh wow! I'm so grateful that all I wanna do is punch you in the face! Seriously, he acted like he turned holy water into wine. What a douche. I won't go back to this place. Ever. I know these dealers are all the same but it's like they go out of their way to make it an awful experience. I usually bring it to Ford Country...those guys aren't as douchey.
5	We bought a new Ford which was a great experience. The sales force was great.After tow months someone runs into the back of our car and destroys the back end.Take it back to Gaudin and again great service and quality work. Chris was the contact for us in the body shop. I have to give him 5 Stars for effort and patience with us. Thank you for doing a great job. I would recommend Gaudin everytime if you are looking for a new car or repairs. Thanks again Chris!!!!!
4	Quick Lane service for my Fusion. Not bad but they don't take appointments. They do wash your car when its finished which is the only plus over Friendly Ford so I only use Gaudin for convenience since i live closer.  Friendly Ford is far better overall and I will continure buying my Fords there for the great sales staff.
5	Ask for Manny!! He's the BEST! He helped me get my fender bender fixed in no time at all. I know his focus on more of the luxury car side but my dad might of called in a favor. I was treated like gold from start to finish and would go in where else if god forbid I need his services again
1	I bought my company fleet vehicle, a Ford Escape. I purchased an extended warranty through Gaudin and recently had to take it in for some maintenance. Beto was our service manager and we were not happy. My husband had to constantly call and ask for service updates. Beto was not prompt in returning calls or overall communication. He told us he'd take $200 off a certain repair and would cover the tax for the second week we had the rental car. When we went to finally pick up the vehicle, Beto was on vacation. There were no notes in our file of the promises he made regarding the discount or rental car tax. We had to pay full price and wait for the manager to talk to Beto to verify things. Currently, we're still trying to get reimbursed for the rental car tax. I'm not impressed with Gaudin Ford, their communication or their customer service at all. My husband recently bought a Ford Explorer but thankfully we purchased it through CarMax instead of dealing with this dealership. I would not recommend Gaudin - at least not their service department. There doesn't seem to be much focus on ensuring positive customer satisfaction.
1	If I could leave a negative 5 star rating I would. I can't believe the fraud and attempted fraud I experienced here. I took my truck in for service. I needed two brand new keys programmed. I had the keys and they were already cut but not programmed for the truck. The service writer told me that the cost for the two keys would be an hour of labor, $140.00. I accepted that because I know dealerships are amazingly expensive. He said they would do a safety check and a general inspection of the truck too. I told him I did not want any of that because I do my own work on it. They did all that anyway and tied me up for an additional hour. The first attempted fraud occurred before I left the service area where the service writer was. I was handed a printout showing I needed a front end alignment. OH REALLY??? The brand new General tires and the new tie rod ends along with the obvious new alignment didn't tip you off that the front end is OK? Next, I waited and waited and waited for my keys to be programmed. Finally after 2 hours, I was told that my keys could not be programmed. The keys they would provide would cost an extra $50.00. I approved it. The cost was actually about $60.00. Minutes later, the service writer and cashier told me the truck was ready. I asked how could it be ready so soon when each new dealer key had to be cut then programmed for 10 minutes? They both looked down at the ground like two children caught in a lie. That told me all I needed to know. They scammed me out of an additional $60.00 to pad the bill. I just paid it so I could get out of there. I was too incensed to argue or blow up at them. They then pointed out that I needed an oil change. WHAT???? I am 2,000 miles into a full synthetic oil change that is good for 5,000 miles. I just looked at them in disbelief. Attempted fraud #2. Now, I need a new battery. No I do not. My two year old battery that has a 5 year full warranty is doing just fine. Attempted fraud #3. I assume they do this to everyone because they are real smooth at it. They pretend to be looking out for you but they are just looking for an opening to exploit an uninformed customer. I will never go back to Gaudin Ford for service and I will never buy a new vehicle from them. After my experience with them, Ford Motor Company is lucky I would be willing to even consider another Ford ever again.
5	I love going to Gaudin Ford.   They always do terrific work on my car and always go above and beyond.   The waiting area is great and allows me to work while I wait for my car to get done.   Everyone is extremely helpful and friendly.  Highly recommend to others.
5	Stuck at Gaudin Ford for what they say is two hours for a friggin oil change.  This is ridiculous.  Next time I won't pay for the service plan since it is too expensive for my time.Ok. So done quicker than estimated.  Eric was great getting me out the door and keeping me informed.  Started out as a 1 star because of the long time estimate.  Ended as a five star because of Eric and the staff's service.
1	If I could leave 0 stars I would. Way to go Gaudin Ford for turning lifelong Ford family into GMC owners due to the lack of respect from your service department and sales representative. After purchasing THIER suggested Certified Pre-Owner vehicle (scam) and extended warranty THEY suggested (scam) I took in my vehicle to use the extended warranty for the first time in the less then two years I've owned the vehicle only to have the repairs denied (supposedly not covered by the bumper to bumper extended warranty). Then received a quote to for the repairs ($840) but not before paying $230 to get my vehicle back when our warranty deductible is only $100??? Long story short, took it to a different shop and was quoted $180... Go figure. Keep up the good work Gaudin Ford a$#!?@L3! Just lost  two diehards Ford fans!!
1	See my check in, service is terrible, they don't care once you've leased or purchased. Joshua Cleveland, service rep, at least listened, salesman Sherman Reif obviously couldn't care less.
5	Just bought a 2014 fiesta! Spent 4 hrs in the dealership but the time was well spent on looking at cars, taking test drives, going over paperwork, discussing price (not too much back-and-forth bargaining, which Im really glad), making sure things are ok with insurance, signing contract, etc. The sales (Sherman) took really good care of customer's purchasing needs and I can see that he really wants to make me feel comfortable with my decision.  I recommend Sherman to anyone who's in the market shopping for a new car, he is a good guy.
5	I have bought several cars at Gaudin and have never been anything but happy with my sales guys and my service. If you didn't get to buy a car from Eddie Smith you missed out!  But tons of great guys there to help you!
1	So I bought a brand  new "06" lifted truck from Gaudin and paid cash for it. I bought the extended warranty and maintenance contract (75,000 miles ) So I've never had a vehicle break so many times, they replaced 1 gear box under warranty and I've replaced 2 more and 2 steering boxes. I've had to replace the oil pump, EGR valve and cooler. Gaudin did the work at 85,000 miles and it cost me $5500. So now the lift they put on it they don't carry replacement parts or even know the lift kit company... So I had to go to a custom shop and they carry 4 different ones so I get to order each one paying for the shipping each time until I find the correct one with a week wait for delivery of the part, so up to 4 weeks to get the parts for my truck and I get to pay for a rental while I wait. Never again will I purchase from gaudin. And probably never gonna buy a ford either because of how bad it was from the beginning!
1	I bought my car, ford focus, 8 months ago, since then, I had a total of three oil changes from quick lane. One time I had picked up my car left and noticed gas fumes coming from the engine compartment. I took it back and that problem was resolved. I notice the transmission was shifting slow or not shifting in all gears.  I bought my car in for service and told them about the shifting problem, and also a hard start. They told me it would take approximately three days. Fourteen days later the car was fixed. They told me they would provide a rental car during the repair. What they didn't tell me is I would have to pay taxes on that rental, total of $145.00. Now I'm having problems with the engine almost stalling and the brakes, and the transmission problem is returning. Any other problems other than listed above, I will claim this vehicle has a lemon.
1	If u could give 0 stars I would!!!! This place is a SCAM, SCAM, SCAM!! My husband and I have went to purchase our 2nd car from here. we have great credit and been with Ford Credit for years with multiple cars. The finance guy, decided to chose the highest rate with a no name finance company for Gaudin to make $$$. They admitted what they did and said so sorry, deal is done. Now my information has been sold and we are receiving tons of calls and mail from everyone. Go TO ANY OTHER FORD DEALER!!!! this is how they treat active duty military. All of Nellis and all military in Southern Nevada will know to avoid Gaudin. Go here if you want to be screwed and pay high finance rates for no reason at all! BBB and Ford now have formal complaints because they are so dishonest.
3	My husband and I recently purchased a 2014 Ford Edge. We were a little disappointed the sales man didn't know much about the vehicle. When we purchased it the Edge was dirty. The salesman had it cleaned by their detail department. They did a poor job. They also goofed up on the paperwork and if my husband wouldn't of caught it before we signed everything we would have had higher payments than what we agreed on. If you use this dealership DOUBLE check your paperwork before signing to make sure they have everything correct. We had it changed and drove away in a new vehicle.
1	Busy saturday dozens of customers waiting and only 2 service writers on staff.  Terrible customer service.  This is a direct result of management making poor choices in staffing to meet demand, especially for a 50k suv!  If you can, go somewhere else that honors their appointments.
1	Besides buying/leasing my car here, I doubt I will ever go back after the wait and lack of "service" I recieved when coming to get my car's oil changed. Its like a heard of animals trying to get in there and the front service staff is very rude.  The gentleman I had was brand new, told me 2 weeks, and when we went into the front office to check in, we came across Eric, who apparently to some (as read in these reviews) is like God...but no he was very rude and far from great.  Eric, at this time, was more concerned about his broke down name tag and MacGyver'ing it back together than to officer appropriate customer service.  Oh and then there was the quoted 2hour wait...for AN OIL CHANGE!!! Nothing special there...granted it did take me 1 35min...and sure they have couches and a tv to watch (ONLY ON CNN) and some free water and soda, but honestly I would rather still be in bed watching my own TV when I can get my oil changed elsewhere for 30min.  I even told a friend this who also got his car here, and he came to do the same oil change, got the same 2hours story, and left...He went to the Ford dealership near Ann/Centennial...and BAM it only took him 30min there and people were actually friendly!!! go figure.
1	Stay away from service department!  This review is long overdue, but I needed to get it up and hopefully help someone avoid what we endured. I have a Lincoln Navigator. We live far away from the Lincoln dealer so I opted to take it to the nearest Ford dealership for a simple oil change. My car has automatic running boards that come out whenever you open your door.  I noticed right away that there was a slight noise when I opened my door and the running board came down, this was at the dealership the very first time I opened it to leave. It had never made the noise before but I thought maybe it was just because they had washed it and some water was left behind, so I shrugged it off. By that evening it was getting louder. And by the next day it was making a grinding noise and clanking every time. I called right away. I explained what was going on and suggested that maybe when they had it on the lift they accidentally placed the lift incorrectly and damaged the running board. I was eventually transferred to a manager who kept saying they would be happy to schedule me to have the work done. I said that I wasn't calling to schedule repairs for my car, I was calling because my car sustained damage at their service shop and I would like for them to look at it and then we could figure out what to do from there. With out looking at the car he insisted that it was impossible for them to damage my car during an oil change, but they'd be happy to to complete any repairs I needed and get me on the schedule. What?!  I was shocked. It is entirely possible to misguide a lift on a vehicle if someone isn't paying attention. I am a very reasonable and courteous person, but it's  ridiculous to not even offer to assess the vehicle before making a determination. And NO I didn't want to schedule and pay for a repair at the same place that needlessly damaged it in the first place. Horrible. Horrible. Stay away. My simple oil change on a new vehicle wound up costing a bundle.  Shame on Gaudin Ford. You've lost what would have been a long time client.
1	there are  5 factory recalls on my 2013 Escape and I was told it could take all day Gaudin Ford wont give me a rental while they do a factory recall. Gaudin Ford has gone down hill and this  year customer will go elsewhere. They do not deserve  1 star
1	Update:Took the car to Findlay service yesterday. Wonderful experience. KILLS Gaudin in every way.....plus the bonus of not damaging my car and denying it.
5	All of these one stars are crazy to me. I have been dealing with Gaudin for the past 15+ yrs and I've never had a bad experience. Sales is always a smooth transaction. My most recent vehicle was purchased at the end of Sept and I dealt with Sergio Correa. He was nothing but nice. Not pushy in any way, when I was on the fence about two different vehicles he helped my decision by suggesting I see how my car seats fit in each one. That was very thoughtful and something that I should have thought of but of course didn't. It took about a week for a decision to be made and he was very patient. He knowledge of my vehicle was very thorough. I know that if I had any questions, he would definitely be able to answer them timely.To call Gaudin a scam is insane, it's a car dealership that has been in town forever. I made the mistake of purchasing my last vehicle from Findlay Kia and every single experience that I had there was bad. I was SO happy for my lease to end so that I could go back to owning a Ford. Everything with Gaudin is straight forward and simple. I would recommend any of my friends to go there and I have. Service is great as well, they are very friendly and helpful. I know that my vehicle is in good hands. You never know what you miss from a good dealership until you deal with a bad one. Findlay Service was a joke, no rental and no car for 8wks. I know that if my vehicle had been at Gaudin I would have NEVER gone through that. I know that they would be on my side, the customer service is outstanding and truly sets them a part in my book.Seriously, the other reviews makes me sad. This is really a dealership that will do whatever it can to make the customer happy. If your not happy then say something to the right people, don't just blast it online. Gaudin is the type of dealership that when giving the opportunity to make something right they will do their best to make it happen.
1	No stars. I went in for parts to sell a older vehicle. The parts department at Gaudin Ford, told me they were no longer for sale. Interesting. Two sales people then approached me, asking me to trade two vehicles in for a newer vehicle. Several hours later the deal was still being negotiated. I insisted on a check for the older vehicle. One of the traded vehicles titles had to be ordered from the DMV so they kept my check 13 days for the older traded vehicle, until the copy of the title came to them from the DMV for the newer traded vehicle. Meanwhile they took the older vehicle to the car auction to sell it. The newer vehicle that we traded two vehicles for had recalls on it, we found out after we got it, that will require a day of service at another dealership. The back car door of the newer vehicle we traded for only works when it wants to. I would never go to Gaudin Ford again. It is a shady place. The experience was a living nightmare. Also we had to buy gas for the vehicle we traded for on the way home, as the car was sold to us on empty. I sold cars before, and I have never heard of this being done before in the industry.
2	I don't know why they won't schedule service appointments. So inconvenient as a customer to just sit and wait. Other stealerships have appointments.  I came in on a coupon offer that turned out to be not that great of an offer. If the truth were clear on their ads I would have just gone elsewhere.  They have a nice waiting area, free refreshments, free WiFi.  I like that they give you a detailed print out of what your vehicle needs as far as maintenance but then wouldn't go so far as to have anything besides an oil change here. You can find much better prices elsewhere.
5	Moses is the man! We purchased  $90,000 worth of vehicles for just over $60,000. Good trade ins, excellent rebates & incentives for two brand new vehicles.  A California Special GT Mustang & Ecoboost F-150 with all kinds of bells & whistles!  There are some great new & used cars & trucks on the lot, but if you don't see anything you like, they will find it for you!
5	Shopped around a ton for my new Ford Focus and Gaudin had the best deal around and threw in a bunch of extras. I've since had my car repaired after I was rear ended- looks perfect and they stand behind their repairs. I've also had a great experience with regular maintenance here. Keep an eye out for their flyer deals. Very highly recommend. Especially Sherman in sales, Eric Curtis in the service dept and Salvador, also in service. I'll be back next time I need a new car or to have this one serviced.
1	I don't know why they call it fast lane when an oil change on a weekday can take over 3 hrs.
5	Service makes the difference and Mike Wolf knows what customer focus should be.  We were in the market for a new truck and Mike helped us find the right one.  He presented us with options with a no pressure approach and in the end put together a deal that was great for us and he executed it quickly.The other folks that worked with Mike, Frank and the finance team were also great.  You can tell that the entire team works together to make a great customer experience.
2	Called on an advertised vehicle on craigslist.  Spoke with a salesman who said the van was there but was going through there service checks.   I went over to see the vehicle and after waiting around for 15 minutes he let me know that it went to auction earlier in the day.The same van is still up on craigslist and their website as of now.  Why advertise a car you do not have for sale?  Why waste my time coming to your dealership to see a car you dont have?I am not impressed.
1	I am giving one star because I cannot give zero.  Our company tried Gaudin Ford for Service on one of our many trucks.  After several calls, and emails back and forth for a simple appointment we finally just dropped our diesel truck off for an oil service. When we picked it up, the bill was well over the estimate. In reviewing the bill it was discovered they also rotated the tires for $65, a service we never requested !  They also noted an oil drip. But when I asked them where it was dripping from they advised it would be an additional $140 to tell me that, even though their tech was just under our truck changing the oil. Amazing.When I brought the additional charges to the attention of the Quick Lane Manager Eric Curtis, he  immediately became defensive and belligerent and told me to "go sit down" and he would fix it.  Now, keep in mind, he didn't ask me to "have a seat", he didn't ask me to "kindly wait, he told me in a loud voice to "go sit down !".   If he was my employee talking to a customer that way I would have fired him on the spot.  We had to come back several hours later to pickup the truck after they un-rotated the tires and put them back as they were when we came in.  Now today, 5 days later I just received a call from Gaudin. I had thought maybe they were calling to address our issues.  No, they were calling about the appointment request from the prior week to tell me that I could bring our truck in !!!   Obviously Gaudin Ford is a very confused business.We have been in the automotive / truck business for 30 years now and we will never go back to Gaudin Ford. They dropped the ball every step of the way. There are too many other good and reputable choices out there.
5	Well it's apparent that I just need to go through the Service department from now on. I could live without the quick serve...lol.5-star service from Joe Sparks! Not only a Seahawks fan (gotta love it) but defiantly is understanding, listens, is pleasant to speak with and really appears to love his job and has exemplary customer service!!Thank you Joe for make my opinion of Gaudin's service change from a nothing to something!!!
