4	This Vegas store was a bit more zen than other Anthropologie stores I've visited in the San Francisco Bay Area. Maybe it's because it's not filled with working women scouring the racks for a good deal, but the staff were friendly and the decor was lovely, the atmosphere nonplussed and not rushed. Yes, very zen.
4	Wonderful store. Very beautifully decorated. I love their stuff. It's so unique and cute. I spend a fortune here...
4	I'm such a sucker for any Anthropologie but this one was one of the best! First of all it was HUGE, tons of great sales, very organized/clean, and the staff were exceptionally friendly. I got a gorgeous grey slouched leather handbag for $99.95 (marked down from $228) that was a total steal. Hey, I even wore all three coats I brought with me to Vegas on the plane home so I could fit the bag into my suitcase. Good times!
4	I believe in being at the right place at the right time. But it is not too often that having money to buy things coincides with that idea. This past week, I dropped into this location and was blown away by the sales dept. Bigger than any I have seen for any Anthropologie. I bought two amazing artsy-farsty pants that fit me like a sexy glove for under $40!! No hemming required. Great sales people, too.
3	I don't know about anyone else, but I like to window shop in stores that seem to have a bohemian theme and have fantastic music and scents.  This store reminds me of relaxation.  I used to take long bus rides to get to Santa Monica beach in LA.  After watching the sun go down on the ocean, I would take a walk to the store and just enjoy how everything was merchandised--earthy and cool.  As most people know, I'm not much of a consumer.  So, I reccomend this store for those who enjoy imagining themselves relaxing listening to acoustic guitars and sipping tea into the evening.
5	here's why this anthro wins for best customer service i've had in awhile:i was looking for a perfume i saw at an anthro in ohio while visiting family.  while on vacation in vegas, i stopped in the anthro on the strip with my bf in search of the smelly smells i liked in the midwest.  i didn't see it on the shelves so i asked an associate.  when she couldn't find it, she enlisted the help of her coworkers for an online store inventory search of other stores.  when i mentioned i lived in the bay area, she checked their inventory, and provided me a number not only to the sf store but to her store in case the online inventory was incorrect.  she insisted she could call around and have it shipped to me at home if it didn't work out at the sf store....dang.  and all i wanted to do was smell it.by far, above and beyond the normal customer service.  i wanted to buy it just because the girl was so conscientious.broke ass grad student lesson # 359: um, it's anthro.  the only way to get a deal is to pray what you want will go into clearance.  it's the only way to afford to buy anything at this store, since the prices on sale go back down to a normal price for clothing or home furnishings.
5	I just love anthropologie.  I mean if I had all the money in the world, most of my clothes and furniture would come from here.  Their clothes are so unique and I never run into a problem where there's a chance someone else might be wearing the same shirt, jacket or...dress.  That's definitely a girl's nightmare.  Although the clothes are a bit on the pricier items, the sale area is big.  Splurging for unique items to add to your collection is worth it. Each piece is definitely worth every penny.
5	Love this place... but not as much as my wife!  Great seating for men waiting on their women...  After shopping, is more fun.
5	Sorry, Austin store, but this is by far my favorite Anthropologie store. It's huge, the fitting room area has seating (for boyfriends, I assume) and the SALES are the best. It has a sale closet like most other Anthropologies, but not only does it usually extend to the dressing rooms, sometimes there are even MORE sale racks in the front! The service is great. I like employees who offer to start a dressing room for me and put my name on it and ask me if I need anything. I don't even want to punch them like at Victoria's Secret! Of course, I love the stuff they sell, from the clothes to the cute kitchen items. They have lots of pretty glassware, dishes, things you didn't know you needed until you see them, pillows, bedding and everything's PRETTY! And can get expensive. Dresses are usually more than $100 unless on sale. But it's totally worth window shopping even if you don't/can't buy anything.
5	Best Anthro ever. Top-notch service. The SA's ooze patience. And for this reason, I spent more on a dress than I ever have in my life. Watch your wallets, ladies!
5	Like many others have said - this is the best Anthropologie store I've ever been to in my life (and I'm embarassed to admit I've been to many many of them!). The service is awesome, the lay out is great, and they always have the best sale selection. Plus their sale closet isn't as stressful and cramped as with most Anthropologies. I love the feminine cute stuff even if it is stupid pricey. For cute gifts, a new dress, or a mid week pick me up, this is my go to spot !
5	If you're familiar with my reviews and my shopping habits, then you know how much I love Anthropologie. Not surprising, this is the third location I will have reviewed to date... I felt compelled to do so because if you haven't visited this location and like me, have experienced the lackluster meh-ness that is our current economy, this is a great spot to find a deal or two that won't break the bank. Like most Anthro locations, there is a sales "closet" ripe with markdowns; many items which were new to the racks less than a full season before. THIS Anthro's sales closet resembles my closet at home, in the sense that it spills over and out...and there are many more racks to explore. As always, Anthropologie has many lush options to pursue, fondle, and when the price is right - purchase. The sales closet at the Foum Shops is the best I've experienced.This location also has the largest selection of handbags and jewelry that I've come across... AND furniture. I'm fond of Keith Johnson and Man Shops Globe so I love visiting an Anthro that has one of a kind finds in the way of housewares.... Now, if only I could hit a winning slot or table....  In all their bright (and muted) colors... in book form, house wares and fabrics that yearn to be touched... (fondled)... it would certainly be easy to transfer a paycheck (or two) directly over... but it is the boutique charm and the reminder that quality over quantity that pokes at a deeper 'before consumerist' memory within me that has me leaving with no more than one amazing piece at a time (and perhaps a book or two).
5	A lifesaver, this one. I knew that there was an antho here, but never really made the trek up here only because we have one so close to home in santana row. But when I needed the perfect tuxedo jacket as my outfit staple, I found it here and it didn't hurt that it was on sale. I even checked stores that I haven't been to before such as marciano/guess and even my go-to spots like ax, diesel, and barneys. This store isn't for everyone, but for the regular customers too this is a place to take a look.
5	If I had a store, the stuff would look like this.  Oh that reminds me, I had a store and the stuff did look like this, or as close as I could come to it, with the swap meets and garage sales at my disposal.My friends are kind of art meets third world culture kind of people, so the store merchandise reminds me of home.  Home goods elevated to art, with a world culture philosophy thrown in suit my taste.I beat my way through Caeser's Palace, at one point GPSing my way toward the strip to find this store, which was rumored to be here.  When I finally made it to the green wall of living succulents, I felt I had discovered a new world...or just the best stuff in the world.The eclectic mix of pattern and design make the goods here sing.  On a recent visit, I found an inlaid turtle belt, and some wavy edged turquoise plates and bowls from Thailand, along with turquoise drinking glasses wiith small sunflower patterns.  I shop any Anthropology store I can find, but love the Vegas store for its breath of green on the Strip, its huge sales closet, and its fun staff.
5	Very big location hiding at the end of the Forum shops on the top floor. The sales selection is pretty big compared to other stores I've been too. The decor is really nice and the place is very organized. I absolutely loved this one of a kind coffee table there, but the price tag said $2000!! Bummer!
4	it's the older sister to Urban Outfitters & the energy is totally different. I like to come here for their whimsical tops and accessories - they can be quite pricey, but check out the sale racks and you'll definitely find something you love!!
5	Great branch of a great store. Larger than most, and you will always score in their jam-packed sale room! Better selection of styles and sizes than a lot of Vegas boutiques.  Staff is helpful but not intrusive.  Large dressing room area. You probably won't have to wait, unlike some of Anthro's other locations.
4	I'm a fan of the website's clothing- dresses, tops, and sweaters (feminine, whimsical and flattering cuts), and check the sale section periodically. Once, I came here, tried on a dress in XS, and it was just a tad too small for me. It was a gorgeous vacation type maxi dress (in a fun sea themed print- my favorite!) and it was marked $19- what a pity. Maybe, I could have altered it (it was also too long- a constant in my life). The dressing room area is huge. There is a comfy brown leather sofa, coffee table, and chairs, so all the husbands and children can wait there while you try on the clothing. So, when we come to the Forum Shops, I always want to check out the sale section. This isn't just a clothing store, mind you, it's more like a lush lifestyle- housewares, ornaments $20, jewelry (artisan type, think Sundance catalog, but less expensive). If I won the lottery, I would so shop here, and get all the dresses and the cardigans (my absolute faves to wear in the summer time, OK, I admit it, I'm a dress addict) my heart so desired.
5	the blue coral fans wafted me into the store proper..my awareness heightened by the nature nurture, I was as ever enchanted by the quirky patterned china, door pulls, glasses, and stationery...but what always draws me here is the sales room.  Ferreting around, I found perfect black navy long long boot cut jeans athalfoff $60'. And a beaded bag for $80. friendly staff, and huge dressing room, easy shopping!Th location is a bit tricky...had to ask directions twice after leaving, and only found it because I had been there before!
4	It's smaller than the store in SF I usually go to, but nicely appointed, lots of homewares and clothes.  Staff were cheerful and pleasant, but with lots of people stacked at the register, it would have been more useful to stop stocking for a few minutes and move through the people waiting to pay.  The sales room is cramped but full of good stuff with enough digging.  A 50% off dress cost me $80 bucks, which is reasonable for a cotton/silk dress, but I certainly wouldn't pay $160 for it!
5	Last night was my first time into Anthropologie! I have stalked their website for years, but I never bought anything since I didn't know the quality and there wasn't a store near me. I was also too fat for their clothes. I recently lost 50 pounds, and I was excited to see if I could find something to fit. To my surprise I can wear their larges! I was totally stoked. I went to the sale section and found a beautiful white tank top. When I tried it on, I fell in love. It just looked so perfect! This Anthro store has a really big sale section. I'm not sure if this is common or just for the summer - but I was mega happy! I wish I hadn't spent so much money elsewhere first. I was also really impressed with how well everything was made. Even though they are owned by the same company that owns Free People - Anthro seems infinitely better. I'm most definitely a new addict, and I can't wait to get more goodies from here.I thought I wouldn't find anything I could afford, but their prices really do vary dramatically. There is something for everyone in here. Bonus: The cashier that checked me out was soooooo sweet and didn't mind chatting with me a little.
5	Free wifi as the wife shops and a comfy sofa make this place a great store.
5	Yay for Anthropologie! I love this store. The clothing is amazing quality, i literally have a shirt that is 6 years old from here and its in perfect condition. Their home goods are also great. I have a vintage looking tea pot and cups that have also lasted forever. One day I will be able to afford one of their bed frames that sits at $5,000. Although this store is pretty pricey at times they have great sales and your truly paying for quality, not quantity. The style of this shop is very unique too. Pretty is the main word that I would describe their clothing. There isn't really another store too much like it. You also HAVE to check out their wedding line... absolutely stunning. Defiantly not your typical wedding dresses/accesories but totally amazing. The Website is great, but going into this store is so much better.
3	I was SO HAPPY when I found out the Strip had an anthropologie! I was even more excited to find that I was going to be there while they have an additional 30% off sale! However, I was really sad to find that their sale section was minuscule compared to others! But, I did score a $9.99 dipped coral necklace that I hadn't seen at other anthros! Yay! The rest of the store, though, is pretty big and offers quite a bit of stuff. I was surprised to see that they offered some things other stores I'd been to days before, there! They also had a great selection of books that weren't offered at the other ones, as well. Their artwork decorations are beaut, typical of every anthro store ( thank goodness. ) They also have a pretty big house-ware section. The people wandering around weren't so friendly ( I'm not quiet sure why, it wasn't any where near closing time...) but the cashier was very friendly. Definitely popping by next time I'm shopping on the Strip.
5	Oh Anthro.  I hate your oh-so-awesome shabby-chic appeal: from adorable kitchen wares, to hand-knit bedding, to amazing dresses, to that addicting Voluspa collection, to gold jewelry accessories, to blouses I can't afford, to house-decor that's too cute to pass up.I hate you b/c I wish I could have you replicated @ home.WOA:* This is a nice & large location of Anthro, on 2nd floor of Forum Shops.* Friendly service
5	I wanted a top that was out of stock online and was advised by customer service to call the Las Vegas store.  The SA's of this place are so friendly and patient.   I have a wishlist, so I decided to get a few more tops on my wishlist and Michelle was happy to look for all of these shirts.  Then I decided to add a few more shirts to my order and again, she was happy to look.  I ended up with 7 tops and talked to 2 other SA's by the end of the day.  Great job on hiring stellar employees, Anthro!
3	this is a pretty average Anthropologie.  I was expecting a Grove/Santa Monica or a Prince Street.  I've been to Antropologies all over the world.  Wasn't blown away.
3	I love Anthro! The staff here isn't what I would expect for an Anthro store though. No one says hi when you come in. They do stare at you. No one asks if you need help or if you're ok either. Maybe they're just use to the store being empty, I don't know. I only stop in when I'm on the strip or can't find it at the Henderson location.
4	This is a good Anthropologie store! They have a large sale section and the sales staff were really helpful. It's also pretty large with a good deal of options and fitting rooms. If you're an Anthropologie fan and in Vegas, this is a great store to visit!
