5	Been there twice now and is good every time. Glad there is a place in Fountain Hills that has a good Chicago Dog.
4	Preface:OK, to start off... I am a hot dog snob. Growing up in Northwest Indiana, I made it up to Chicago quite a few times and many of those times I got a hot dog (The Wiener Circle/Char-Dogs is by far my fav) Also, I am a HUGE White Castle fan and cannot stand living off the frozen sliders I have to buy in SoCal (I even attempted to make my own homemade White Castle sliders... and failed).The Food:As my parents live right down the street, I drove by this place and had to try the authentic chicago style dog. So one night my gf and buddy drove down and placed a to go order for ourselves and parents at home. My parents had steamed hot dogs, I ordered a char cheese dog and cheese fries, my gf had the polish and my buddy had the italian beef. We also ordered 4 of "Bob's Sliders" which he references to White Castle on the menu.The dogs and polish were all awesome. They had that real vienna beef taste and snap. They also used the steamed buns with the black seeds on them which made it. The cheese sauce on my dog was plentiful and tasty. Altho not as bomb as Char-Dogs in ChiTown, it was pretty damn tasty. I ordered my dog Charred (you can also order it steamed) but I dont think it was charred, although it would be hard to tell with all the cheese. The cheese fries were also good, homemade fries, a little darker than your usual fry, and covered in cheese. I couldve asked for just a bit more cheese sauce, and a little crispier fries (these were a little soggy with the cheese sauce, but I also took them to go so I dont know if theyd be crispier in store). The slider was good... for a burger. It was tasty, however it was NO WHITE CASTLE. No resemblance at all except for a smaller bun. Oh ya, and when you order a soft drink, dont expect Pepsi or Coke... Bob has RC cola streamin here!Service:I assume the guy that took my order was Bob and the owner. Real nice guy, obviously from Chicago. I ordered ketchup on my dads dog and he was offended and joking with me. He was all over the shop talkin to the other couple that was eating there. Really nice guy. He took the order but did not make the food, there was another guy doin the cookin. I think he was new, because this is why my review gets a 4 rather than a 5. As we walked in, the other couple ordered fried chicken (which looked awesome). They ended up takin it back to be cooked longer. I saw it, didnt look pink or anything, but they wanted it more cooked I guess. As for our order, we placed an order for 2 cheese sliders and 2 jalapeno cheese sliders. We ended up getting all 4 jalapeno cheese sliders. Not too big of a deal. Also, as mentioned above, Im pretty sure my dog was no charred but steamed (opposite of what I ordered). It was still good. The one thing that my roommate wouldnt shut up about... he never got his peppers with his italian beef. We didnt check before we left, but he said that the peppers really make the sandwich, so he was a little pissed about that.Conclusion:Overall everyone liked the food. Next time I go, I will prob order 2 cheese char dogs and maybe fries (but the dogs are where its at). I would probably eat there and double check the order. Im sure the cook was new as is the restaurant and everything tasted bomb. The decor is fun and chicago-y and the owner is genuine and nice. Id def recommend eatin here!
4	Had a Chicago Dog with cheese and an Italian Beef (wet).  Both were really good.  The Italian Beef had great flavor but next time I might ask if they can add cheese to it.  Also had an order of cheese fries which were good...would be "great" if the fries were crispy.Will stop by again when going through Fountain Hills.  Easy to get to, right on Shea Blvd.
2	Was looking for a good dog on this side of town, and happened into Chicago Bob's. I read the few reviews and decided to try the place. Let me begin by saying they ripped off the few good places in town, the way the menu reads, but the food is not as good as others.The Chicago Dog was over cooked. I have been eating these dogs for over 40 years and I can tell when one sits around too long. This one just had that "overcooked" flavor to it.I also had two sliders. They are nothing like a few of the other places in town and have a weird after taste to them. As Patrick E said, NOTHING EVEN CLOSE to white castle. Chicago Hamburger or Sweet Home Chicago is the place for Sliders. The fries were mushy and not made correctly for Homemade Fries. The best Homemade Fries in the valley are either Chicago Hamburger Co or Johnnies on Thomas.  These fries were dark and nasty tasting.  I was surprised that none of the employees even cared to ask how we liked our food.To sum it up; The store looks like a typical Chicago place, but the food is not even close. I think Vienna should really look at who represents their product because this is yet another disappointment in the Chicago Food Experience.
4	If you are hungry and find yourself in Fountain Hills, then you need to try Chicago Bob's They serve real Vienna Beef dogs that are great, not good mind you, but great!  And, their Italian Beef is mouth watering and out of this world as well! We've come here a bunch of times on Sunday after church and were saddened to read what Mike D wrote about this place because everything is cooked fresh. You can stand there and watch them make your order.  So, we don't understand his ax.But, in all fairness, this place is almost as good as Portillo's and it's 1,750 miles closer, not to mention the money saved on Tolls!  We had dinner here last week and the tab for three came to just under $20, including pop. Now, if only someone could only buy a Lou Malnati's franchise and bring it to the Valley of the Sun!!!  Ahh, Lou Malnati's...Enjoy!
5	My oldest daughter asked me to take her for a hot dog tonight for dinner.  While I had a dog for lunch,  how could I deny my offspring's Chicago culinary request.  So we decided to try Chicago Bob's!   I have passed it many times and it is close to the house.   Wow!  this is the real deal.  Just like being back in the Windy City!   My daughter had a Vienna (8 to1) dog on a poppy seed bun,  It looked great and she said it tasted great too. Since I had a dog for lunch, I had the Italian beef with sweet peppers.  It was served on a french roll and was great as well.  I have always said that the way you can judge a good Chicago Hot dog restaurant is by their french fries.  I'm happy to report that we were not disappointed.   Chicago Bobs is Great!
3	I wish Yelp had the ability to give half stars. So many places are better than a 3 star review, but aren't quite up to 4 stars. This would be one of those places. We stopped on our way to get my haircut, primarily because of the reviews it got on Yelp. Three of us got hot dogs, our youngest got a burger. I got the traditional Chicago dog, and it was pretty awesome. I could have done with the tomatoes being a little more bite sized, it would make it easier to to eat as opposed to 2 quarters of a tomato thrown on the dog. It was a little heavy on the onion, but that was easily remedied. It was still a damn good dog. My partner got the fire dog and kept saying how good it was, and the same can be said for the chili dog our oldest got. My partner got to try the 9 year old's burger and she said the burger was almost better than the hot dogs. So basically, you can't really go wrong with the food. Except for the fries. Not so impressed with the fries. they were a little soft for my liking. A huge plus for me, they have Hires rootbeer! I never see Hires outside of the Midwest. It's some of the best rootbeer I've had and I was so excited to see it here. So the food would get 4 stars... however... The prices, not so much. It's a little pricey, considering it's a glorified hot dog stand. They could do to drop it just a wee bit. the other thing that brought the star power down a bit: the service. I've been there twice now and both times the people who were working didn't seem too thrilled to be there. They weren't personable, and it almost felt like we were bothering them, taking them away from the tv. Which, by the way, is always set to something random... generally whatever the staff wants to watch. Get a better staff and drop those prices a smidge and you'll get a full 4 stars from me! :)
3	Prices here are quite affordable, even  for a TIGHTWAD !!A miser, cheapskate, curmudgeon, penny pincher, piker or scrooge,might comment otherwise.All the menu items, I've had, have always been Delicious.If you're a fan of Broasted Chicken, they've got a Broaster.
3	Dogs could be bigger.
4	Looks like it is closed!   Bummer!
