1	We ended up at this restaurant's "grand opening" as other eateries nearby had long waits to get in and this one was near empty so we took a chance on it.  You only get one chance to make a first impression,and we unfortunately were anything but impressed.  I was shocked and dismayed that the previous Sai Wan Bistro that had inhabited the location previously had gone under as I loved their menu, prices and service.  We were seated promptly and the waitress took our orders and brought over some free spring rolls as part of the grand opening which were nice but we were not given any plates to eat them on.  We ordered some Won Ton soup which was nothing to brag about and took a long time to arrive. As our main dishes started arriving, the meals arrived one at a time.  I was half finished with my meal by the time the last meal arrive at the table.   Nobody was thrilled with their meal and we had all ordered something different on the menu.  The menu was lacking many of my family's favorites (sesame or honey chicken, moo shoo pork, cashew or almond chicken, etc.) and instead they have attempted to mix in "vietnamese, japanese and chinese" all in one short listed menu.  Prices were not bad, but again, with limited choices of typical offerings, VERY poor service and bad first impressions, this place will probably be out of business as quickly as it arrived...which is really too bad, WE COULD REALLY USE some decent CHINESE restaurants in the area that are not offered up by national chains.Sorry Spice didn't cut it and I won't be back, no matter how long the lines are everywhere else.
5	Great food at great prices.  We had our annual Super Bowl party this past weekend and one of my friends recommended this place to me.  Being a little hesitant at first since it seems that they just open but we decided to give it a try anyways and had them cater some food for us.  Glad we did because the food was phenomenal.  we had order their Asian style chicken wings and the kids absolutely loved them.  These wings remained crispy thru the whole night and did not get soggy like wings from other places.  Will definitely gonna use the again for future catering services.  Also will be going there to try their other dishes too.
4	I went here for lunch with my friend and really enjoyed it. The food was delicious and our service was great. They even mixed up my order but the right plate was out within a few minutes. I'm not sure why my experience was so different from the other reviewers, but I'll definitely come back.
5	I find Arizona to be one of the worst states for good, quality Asian cuisine, and "Spice Asian Bistro" just set the bar on what it should be.  Service was good, atmosphere was modern and clean, and the food was outstanding! The menu is plentiful, yet simple and not an overkill of choices, and the prices are very reasonable.  The dishes are presented with a fresh attractive style, and the taste delivers the one thing missing from so many Asian restaurants in Arizona, it's this thing known as FLAVOR!  If you're one to appreciate quality Asian food as I do, then I highly recommend Spice Asian Bistro.  It's easily a place I could eat every day and always have a great experience.
5	This is my new favorite Asian restaurant in the East valley.  Spice Asian Bistro has something for everyone.  It's a winning concept that includes authentic Vietnamese, Thai, and Chinese cuisine.  I'm actually kind of addicted to this place and come at least twice a week lol.At first impression Spice' ambiance is clean, professional and warm.  Their service is top notch as the wait staff is always attentive to our needs.  Depending on when you come they have great happy hour specials too.Now the best part - the food.  One thing you will notice is the quality of the ingredients.    Here are some of the dishes I've tried.Bo Luc Lac: Vietnamese style tenderloin pepper steak - one of my favorites.  The seasoning is perfect and you'd think your having filet mignon.Pho: One of the best Pho broth and beef in the valley.  No joke, I'm surprised because the broth is the hardest part for most Vietnamese restaurants to get right.  I know because I've been to pretty much all the Vietnamese restaurants in town and even Vietnam twice on vacation.  You'd swear there was some little old grandma in the back making the Pho with their secret recipe.  With the beef tenderloin that comes with the Pho you'd swear they are losing money.Spice's Signature Chicken: awesome fried chicken fillet!  Great dish for your not so adventurous friends.Crispy (Chicken or Shrimp) Noodle:  Great dish to share with your friends.  Excellent stir fry on top of crispy noodles.Pad Thai: I have to admit I don't eat as much Thai food as Chinese or Vietnamese but the Pad Thai here is excellent nonetheless.Chicken Lettuce Wrap:  ok this is a must have for everyone.  All my friends that has tried this loved it.  I swear I can eat this all day long.There are not a lot of good options for Chinese / Asian restaurants in the east valley so I am glad to have found Spice.  It's a restaurant that will impress both your foodie friends looking for authentic eats or your not so adventurous eaters looking for a better alternative to PF Changs. Yes I know - wide range,  but it works.
2	I was trying to find a place for pho around the east Mesa area  and this place popped up. I seen a few reviews here on yelp and they looked favorable...Yelp let me down this time.  We went there around 7 pm on a Friday night and it was absolutely dead.Two people at the bar, a couple at a booth and a foursome outside and a couple of ladies in front of our booth.I ordered the calamari as an appetizer and my wife just ordered the spring rolls.The portion for the calamari was pretty small but it tasted pretty good.  The spring rolls were fine enough.I came here for the pho and was really really disappointed with it.   It wasn't horrible but it just doesn't come close to what you can get at some of the others places around west mesa.They had two options, beef and chicken. No beef balls, tripe, etc..and it was served with dried out bean sprouts and no Thai Basil.  The Broth was really dark and the was overly seasoned with one spice.   They also have no Sriracha or hoison sauce at the tables but bring you out a little dollop of it in a ramekin.The choices at the bar were pretty weak as well as far as liquor choices.The worst part of the whole dining experience was the Manager was talking to the ladies in front of us about the business.  He was nice enough and was trying hard but it was a huge turn off to listen to the talk.   They have hh special of sake bombs at from 2pm to 5pm...lol.  Anyway I would only surmise business is bad because the food isn't that good.
2	Tried for the first time last night.  I had Spice Specialty with shrimp.  Flavor was excellent, but the sauce was very thin and not spicy at all.  My husband had the Thai fish.  Again a good flavored, crusty fish, but the sauce was like mine and the flavor of the sauce wasn't as nice or spicy as claimed.  The fried rice was a big disappointment.  It was dry and flavorless. The $1.00 extra we each paid for the rice was wasted.  A point for the food prep was that it was less salty than most Asian/Chinese foods.  That was good as we are supposed to watch salt intake.  If Spice is still in business in October, we will try again to see if it has improved.
5	About two months ago my sister and I found Spice Asian Bistro.  The place was pretty empty, so we got our food right away.I ordered Pad Thai noodles and my sister ordered rice and something similar to Mongolian Beef--I can't remember the name.  The meals were great and full of flavor.  Just today, my husband and kids and I visited the restaurant again on our way to Harkins.  My husband got chicken fried rice and my kids ordered chicken lo mein.  I ordered Moo Goo Gai Pan because I am trying to watch my calories.  Just as with my previous visit, everything was great!  The portion sizes were perfect, and my low-fat dish was full of flavor.  The place was again very empty, so hopefull this little gem stays in business a little while longer.
5	The good was very tasty and staff was nice and kept checking in on us! I will be back
4	Did not disappoint !!
4	I've driven by this location and watched how often the name/ownership has changed.  I decided to stop in today and actually try "the newest adventure" out.  I just ordered take out and while I was waiting I chatted with the person in charge.  She was very polite and I enjoyed talking to her while I waited for my food.  The spring rolls were better than I expected and they came with 3 different sauces.  I also ordered Bun with chicken and shrimp..  super yummy!!  She suggested the Shrimp Thai salad which I will try next time!
5	This place is really good and pretty cheap. the hot and sour soup is great, the pad thai is really good. I have been there several times in the past 3 months and the food has been great every time. The wait is never long most nights you can just walk in and find a table. best kept secret in mesa
3	I rated it 3 stars for the quick and friendly service . The place was very nice too. The food was ok. We were going to have Pho but the bowl of Pho was so small and for $7.25 ..that's way over priced. The size was ok for me but my bf usually has a bowl double the size. I'm from San Diego and have been searching for a great Pho place for months and nothing compares so if your from Cali you know what I mean.  The spring rolls were really good but were missing the pork in it that it normally has. The calamari was not bad but didn't come with a sauce..the pad tha noodles were ok but I've never tried them before so I have nothing to compare them too..the tangerine beef had good flavor.. So I guess I will have to keep searching for a good Pho place.. :-P
5	Popped in here looking to try something new, was pleasantly surprised by not only the amazing food (Hot & Sour Soup/Chicken Pad Thai), but by the fantastic ambience, extremely reasonable prices, and outstanding service. Sally, the server who helped us, was extremely outgoing and helpful. Will definitely be coming back!
5	We randomly stopped in for lunch and WOW! This is some of the best Asian food I have had in AZ.. Some of the people I saw that didn't give them 5 stars were comparing the food to Cali which no one can compare to the food available in china town,etc.. Good luck finding a place with the quality of food compared to this place in the Phx area... Great lunch specials and the food looked as good as it tastes!! It will be a regular stop for us!!
3	Service is good but the food wasn't that good. It was empty when I was eating there so it didn't feel like a restaurant at all. Best thing is that it's closer than most Vietnamese restaurant to where I live
5	GREAT restaurant.  GREAT service.  Good prices.  I am so glad it has been relatively undiscovered.  People can go wait at PF Chang's or Red Robin or Buffalo Wild Wings.  And while they're waiting, I'll just walk into Spice,  Have a table.  And get waited on immediately for BETTER food than the Chains.  GREAT restaurant and atmosphere for a business lunch.  Quiet, great food, good service.  Best in town.
4	Glad we stumbled upon this place. The service was great and so was the food. Perfectly steamed rice and entrees. I had the Korean Beef Ribs. They were cooked perfectly, not over done like most places. We will definitely come here again.
4	We stopped by this place just trying to find something different tonight.  I'm so glad we did--the service and the food were outstanding!  We shared an order of the Shredded Szechuan Tenderloin, along with the Mixed Vegetables with Szechuan sauce.  Both had excellent flavor.Sure hoping more people go check this place out because we were the only ones there at 7:00pm on a Saturday night.  Can't imagine they'll be able to stick around for long like that.  Go try it!  It's worth the trip.
4	Great place... Cute... Service was very good! Brought my 87 year old Asian mother she ordered the chicken lo mein... Loved it. I had the lettuce wraps... Great flavor. We will be back!
5	The pho was amazing! Everything was so fresh and tasty can't wait to go back :) I recommend this place if you want great food and service.
4	Ordered the shrimp spring rolls.I enjoyed the warm noodles, shrimp seemed old, veggies were a good mix, nothing bitter. Good nonetheless.Ordered the Bo Luc LacWasn't bad. A bit on the salty side, but rice comes with it so that helps.Nothing better than Orange County yet. A good temp replacement.
5	This place is so great. The food is really good. I usually get the shrimp spring rolls for an appetizer and then I move on to some Bun w/ beef, shrimp, and an egg roll.  Hue (the owner) makes really good thai tea... gotta try it.They are extremely nice and very professional business owners.  I definitely recommend you coming here. Enjoy your next meal!
4	We've been in East Mesa for only a couple of years now and have been looking for a place nearby for good Pho noodles. Happened to drive by and saw Spice from the street.  Decided to stop in and give it a try.  Glad we did. Spring rolls were fresh and delicious.  Pho noodles were great. Lots of other items on the menu.  Can't wait to go back and try Moo Goo Gui PanAmbience was clean and quiet. Prices very reasonable.  Will def be back!
5	Well, I'm going to make it short. Food was pretty good. My wife loved it and she also said that she'll be back. Atmosphere is pretty cozy and comfy. Prices was pretty decent. Good food and awesome menu prices. I'll def come here again. I would recommend this spot. Pad Thai was awesome with big chunks of chicken. Yum!!!
3	We came here for lunch, and let the staff know we had to be back by a certain time. They said no problem, that they could have us out quickly. Unfortunately, service was still a bit sluggish and we ended up being 15 minutes late. So, this might not be the best choice if you are on a limited time schedule.The lunch specials are a good deal though. I had the kung pao shrimp, which came with a large portion of rice, with large, well cooked shrimp, peanuts, and veggies in a spicy sauce. I appreciated the spicy kick to the sauce, but it was very concentrated tasting and really needed a lot of rice with it to balance out the flavors.
