5	I came in a curious ex-vegaser; I exited a regretful CA-resident.  Too bad I didn't try this place when it opened (before I left Vegas).  My friends and I dined here to celebrate my birthday and my cousin's graduation.  Their margherita pizza was excellent. The toppings were fresh and their thin crust was sooooo yummy.  What knocked my socks off were their martinis!  Even my husband who shys away from liqueur because it doesn't have a tasty reputation loved his taste-test (of mine) so much that he ordered one of his own!  Too bad we left before it was Karaoke time.  The time in Vegas is never enough!  Great service, great food, great drinks, hot friends!   Best birthday ever!
3	A-OK. I wasn't blown away, but the food was okay... and that rhymed lol.  I got a panini and ceaser salad. OH! The pizza was prettty good though. The service was good. The atmosphere was nice. Not bad...
3	I've wondered about this place for a while now but have been reluctant to go since it looks another boring chain place.  I then realized chain places are prevalent in Las Vegas' restaurant make-up.Therefore, I had to set aside my innate SF disdain for commercial eateries or otherwise I'd starve or be forced to cook at home.And we can't have either happen. So I braved my fears and finally tried this cozy looking place in the middle of nowhere that serves pizza, panini, and pasta.I'm saddened to say my initial trepidation was well founded: our food turned out to be very average.The mozzarella in our Caprese Salad wasn't fresh, the cheese tortellini tasted like it came from Costco, and the pizza sauce was bland.Maybe I should've cooked at home.Overall, I won't be returning.
1	This place has so much potential: catchy name, decent location, great decor, cool menus, nice waitstaff, but sadly the food and drinks are horrible! And those are some very important elements when choosing a restaurant. It was a nice touch handing the kids a magnadoodle to play with when the are seated, but a big dissapointment to put the kids menu on the back and not tell us - even after we ordered for them!Watered down drinks and pizza that I could barely swallow down, it was bad! How can you mess up BBQ chicken pizza??? I have no idea! I had one slice and I was done.  Also, the place was pretty empty at 6pm (should have been a clue right there - duh!), so to be placed at a table that couldn't accomodate the four of us, our drinks, and our food, is kind of sad. They should have placed us at a six top and let us spread out some instead of cramming us into a tiny booth which would have been better for a couple on a romantic date. Oh well, you live and learn - and the lesson today is to avoid this restaurant.
3	Food and service was just ok.  Atmosphere was slightly upscale and had a good feel to it, but it just felt like a let down overall.  Prices were slightly high, and the margarita vs. neopolitan pizza distinction as they make it is not correct as far as pizza goes.  I will try again though since they seem to have potential.
3	I'm a new reviewer and figured that my first review would either be a really good one or a really bad one, lol. But this was somewhat in the middle. I really had a lot of high hopes for the restaurant and it unfortunately did not live up to that. I was crazing mozzarella salad after having an incredible one at Veloce Cibo (a restaurant at the M Resort - a great review for another day!) so I decided to drag the bf out to 3 Tomatoes, considering it was close to the house. It was a Saturday night and we figured it'd be busy since it was 7pm but there were only about 4 tables occupied. But onto the food...I had a half order of mozzarella salad and the pesto cream pasta with chicken. My bf had a half caesar salad and the bolognese pasta.  Along with that we shared a Weezitini (Vodka and chocolate liqueurs), which was actually very good. The mozzarella salad was good but a little plain and both pastas were extremely bland. We tried seasoning them both with tons of salt and pepper but it didn't change much. Not to mention they didn't add chicken to my pasta (which I asked for twice)! To end, we had spumoni ice cream, which was good but not great. We continually had to chase down our server and she seemed to not be listening to anything we asked for. Although the restaurant is just down the street from us, I'm willing to drive further and pay more for a better experience. Too bad :(
3	Had a lunch-sized pizza which was really good and the friend that I with said he always has good meals there. Clean, efficient, with friendly staff. The only thing keeping it from 4 stars was the price. A tad too pricey to eat here for lunch regularly.
3	We have visited several times and have found both the service and fare to  be average. It seems to be a place that wants to be so much more, from the great design inside to the wafting smell of fresh bread in the air, but just is not able to do so, either due to staffing or imagination. So, not a bad place for a drink and a little nibble now and then, but nothing to write home about for sure.
1	6 people for a Sunday lunch.  The place was near empty, maybe 3-4 tables with us included in the whole thing.  We ordered 1 salad, 7 entrees, 2 desserts, pepsi, coffee, 2 cocktails, and water for the table.  It took 15 minutes for the drinks to come out and 1 hour before any food came out.  No I'm not exaggerating, we almost left after about 40 minutes.  We ordered:Chicken ParmesanFetuccine AlfredoQuattro Fromaggio pizzaPesto chicken pizzaFig and Prosciutto pizzaSpaghetti and meatballsCaesar saladClassic panini (prosciutto, tomato, mozzarella)TiramisuFirst of all when the food came out all at once, everyone had their entrees but me.  I thought maybe they were making an extra delicious panini or something.  10 minutes later the waiter comes to the table with a "is someone missing a sandwich?".  Okay they forgot, no biggie.  Except it's the eggplant panini.  I tell the waiter, he apologizes and tells me the right one will be made in no time.  I kid you not in less than 5 minutes the correct sandwich is put in front of me.  Why the hell did it take an hour for anything to come out when they can make some entrees in 5 minutes?Now to get down to the mediocre food.  The paninis were nasty.  Flavorless mozzarella, soggy prosciutto (wtf?), and a tiny slice of tomato in between.  The eggplant in the other one was sliced almost paper thin and chewy like leather. The alfredo and spaghetti were bland.  The caesar salad and chicken parmesan tasted like it came from Smith's.  The pizzas would be decent if it wasn't completely covered in blue cheese.  It made me think the chefs loved them some of the stuff, I was getting sick after finishing the first slice.  The pesto chicken pizza had so much sauce on it I couldn't even lift a slice without everything sliding off the soggy crust and onto the serving plate.The tiramisu was flavored mousse in a martini glass with 3 pieces of ladyfingers and whipped cream.  Let's just say the Jello brand mousse you get in grocery stores are superior.  The cocktails were thankfully good, then again it'd be pretty sad if they couldn't follow directions on how much of what liquor to mix together.  This place is just a tragedy.  To the reviewer that said this place is better than Olive Garden and Macaroni Grill...you, sir, are a lying charlatan.
3	I went to this place about a month and a half ago for lunch and the prices were very good. I had the pesto cream fettucine, it was pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary. I would go back to try more though.
5	I was here December 2008. I think it was a Saturday night(12:30am sunday). They had karaoke outside and drinks were $1 for the second one. There were people of all ages singing. There was a drunk asian guy wearing his uniform (pep boys i think) singing ACDC (i think) songs. He was horrible, but I was buzzin and it cracked me up!I think it was almost 2am (6 Stellas in) when the kitchen was closing so I put in an order for a couple pizzas. One margherita and a potato pie pizza. They were great! Helped soak up some of the alcohol before we left.
3	We went here last Sunday and had Happy Hour on the patio. Beers were buy one get one free and they had several appetizers for $5. We had the bruchetta, spinach & artichoke dip and a pizza. Everything was okay, nothing to write home to mom about, but we had a good time.
2	I have been here twice for lunch and was underwhelmed both times. There have always been more servers than customers, and yet, my glass stayed empty the entire time. The food was decent, but the portions were a bit small for the price (we ordered pizza). I really wanted to love this place because it is so close to home, but I just haven't had a great experience.
2	Just got back from lunch at 3 Tomatoes for a colleague's birthday. Service was pretty good. We were seated quickly and our food came within 15 mins. All our dishes were served together so that's always a plus point. Their menu is just not too interesting. I know for a fact that their panini sandwiches always miss their mark. I've had it once before and hated it and my 2 co-workers had a similar experience today. The bread is too thin and a little weird. Seems like a cold sandwich except for the grill marks.Today I had the rose cream sauce (marinara with alfredo i think) over a wheat penne (kudos for offering this) and I added mushrooms ($1.50 per addition of extras so I think that's way too expensive). The lunch portion of pasta was huge but it had like 4 mushrooms. The sauce was actually pretty good. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meal. But the sheer lacklustre menu and the fact that the pastas are literally just pastas (no veggies/meats and extras cost a lot) makes me pass on the next visit.
4	The potato pizza and the garlic knots (which are not on the menu) are amazing! I always end up drunk here because drinks always conveniently seem to be a dollar or free when I come here.
4	While i thought everything wasn't terribly extraordinarie. It was pleasant to be served food that was not overly salted so my dad could actually enjoy a meal out as he has to watch his salt content. It'd be 3 stars, but healthy eating gets three fruits and a cheese and extra bump in the star column from me.
3	I remember going to this place when it first opened and it was pretty good. I recently visited them again after several years and I was pretty happy with my experience this time as well. We ordered two pizzas, the chicken pesto, and a custom pizza - we got a super supreme style, and a pasta, rose sauce..? The pizzas were actually very good and so was the pasta. However our server had forgotten a few things that we had ordered and we had to mention several times to either fix it or take it off our bill. Other than that the food was good.
2	Supremely disappointed!This place is like Olive Garden mixed with California Pizza Kitchen. If you're a foodie, avoid avoid avoid! However, if you think the Olive Garden has the best italian food ever, come come come!We started with the 3 bruschettas as an appetizer. It was so simple, and consequently the best thing on the menu by a mile. The chicken pesto pizza was "just dinner," and my friend's spaghetti bolognese was dry, terrible, and flavorless.Two stars because I like the name and the ambiance; the food isn't worth anyone visiting here for. Not even a romantic vibe to this place. Not a date place. Not an anything place.I'm in a terrible mood this morning and rehashing this dinner made me even more angry.
1	7 of us Went for lunch on our lunch hour. It was severely understaffed. Took an HOUR (no exaggeration) after ordering before we even received our food. When one member of our party tried to politely say something to the doughy manager didn't even attempt to listen and walked away from her in the middle of her sentence. Terrible service. We were all late coming back to work and they offered no remorse or even the slightest courteous customer service.  Food was good but the service was so terrible it ruined everything. Avoid at peak lunch hours as they are NOT prepared.
2	The food is good, but wow the service is terrible. I waited till a second visit to write a review. All I will say is that when I tried to politely comment to the manager on our issues I was dismissed and he walked away.
5	Full disclosure: I am a regular and have been for four years.  What this place is, above anything else is a great bar.  If you have not been there on Friday or Saturday night after 10, then you have never really been.I have eaten lunch there several times and you will get a good value for your money and quick service.  It's a bit irritating to see mediocre reviews and then see that the people had a chicken caesar salad.  If your food choice is mediocre, what do you expect? There is not you can really to to make a chicken caesar salad great.  (Why would you eat one anyway?  A pasta dish would have less fat and calories.)So if you choose a salad when they have really delicious and innovative choices like a prociutto and feta pizza with fig compote--that's on you.  Don't blame the place for your lameness.
5	I loved this place so much I went there Thursday and Friday night!  On Thursday, I went to dinner with my parents.  My mom had bought a dining deal certificate.  None of us had been there before.  We ordered the tortellini salad, a small margarita pizza and a small bbq chicken pizza.  The salad was so good!  It comes with fresh romaine, salami, sun dried tomatoes, olives, cheese, and warm tortellinis.  The margarita pizza is different than other margarita pizzas I've had.  Instead of slices of Buffalo Mozzarella cheese, slices tomatoes, and basil....it's shredded mozzarella cheese, tomato sauce and basil.  Still really good!  The bbq chicken pizza was to die for!  It has bacon, chicken, bbq, cheese....all the good stuff!  We also split a canolli for dessert.  My mom loved it!  I brought the leftovers home for my husband and there wasn't a pizza crust left!  The next night I met a girl friend for their happy hour.  Everything on the happy hour menu is between $2.50 and $6.00, plus the full menu.  We sat in the bar area and ordered the personal cheese pizza, personal bbq chicken pizza and the spinach artichoke dip. I had leftovers again....my husband ate everything again!  He really liked the food there too.  I really like the overall atmosphere.  My friend and I both agreed we are coming back when the weather warms up a little bit.  There's a really nice outdoor seating area.  Really easy to get to location...right off the 215 freeway and rainbow. We had a really nice waiters both nights.  Everything came out quickly.  Very reasonable prices.  After eating there and reading some of the other review, I'm really surprised how many negative reviews there were.  Everything we had was really good!  I fully intend to go back!
5	I go here 3-4 times a week. I love this restaurant. The staff is all very helpful and courteous. The food is delicious. If you go during happy hour, you can get an 8" one topping pizza for a mere $5. Decently priced drinks. Show up for karaoke friday or saturday at 10pm if you want to really experience this place.
3	Came here once a few years back for a romantic dinner which turned out very well. The pasta was delicious and the ambiance of the place was great. The bill was a bit higher then I expected so I didn't return until a few friends invited me for happy hour. I've been back there once a week since. The wait-staff has been very friendly (although you may need a little patience when the place is packed). The happy hour menu isn't long, but what's on it is good and is priced fairly ($5 8" Personal Pizza w/ 1 topping, and $3 for garlic knots with a tomato soup dip, both DELICIOUS).
5	This is my favorite place to be Friday and Saturday nights. I've been coming here since shortly after I moved to Vegas. I've stopped in during the day a few times, but I must agree with Dustin D - if you've not been here for karaoke, then you just haven't been.First off - service is always great. The bartenders are friendly, get to know you if you show up regularly, and the servers are fast. The food itself is VERY good - their pizza is hot and very tasty, the sandwiches are delicious, and the pasta is fantastic.On to the heart of the review - happy hour! They have great happy hour specials on drinks AND food. The garlic knots are the shiznaz! Friday night is ladies' night from 10pm to midnight and they do giveaways on Saturday night. TJ rocks the place with Karate Karaoke on the patio (weather permitting). They have heaters there if it gets chilly, so karaoke happens on the patio most weekends.Simply put - if you've never been here or haven't been in a while, GO. If you're a karaoke nut like me, sign up with the dojo and get cool prizes while you're at it. You see a lot of the same people there on the weekends, so if you're looking to make some friends while you're having a good time (like I did) this is a great place to try it out.
3	Food's ok (actually 3.5 stars) and there are plenty of coupons, groupons and discounts to be found for this place if you look around. My fella had a Groupon so we moseyed on over for some take-out. I've been a few times before, so I knew what to expect. I ordered the angel hair pasta with pesto and my fella got the eggplant and chicken neopolitan. Mine was just ok. Luckily, my fella liked mine quite a bit and was willing to split the two meals between us. I enjoyed his quite a bit more than mine, but they were both still good. I like the atmosphere in the restaurant typically and I know they have karaoke on select days. Not really my thing, but it's good to know.It's a good little spot, definitely worth the trip if you have a BOGO coupon.
2	Worst service in any restaurant in Las Vegas. It's really a shame, because the food (when they manage to get your order right) is pretty good. Stay away during a weeknight when they are probably only three people working to service about 20 tables plus a bar.
4	My first groupon was used to dine here. Timeframe was 1:30pm lunch and there were only 3 other tables occupied. I have been here before for Happy Hours and their pizzas were decent, but the stand out attraction is the Garlic Knots ($2.50 HH or $4 normal). These come in massive orders of a dozen or so and are very doughy which is a good thing and have enough garlic that it is not overwhelming. These same knots appeared during my lunch and were knocked out of the park as usual. The only issue is the marinara sauce is more watery and thin than normal, but get used to it because it's been that way for years. Keeping that in mind, I ordered pasta (penne) with their Rose sauce and threw in chicken and carmelized onions to round it out.  I wouould have preferred strips, rather than chunks of chicken, but that is just quibbling. The sauce was tasty and even had some kind of peppery kick as I drenched the remaining knots in the rose sauce. Lunchtime is when the prices are bit better, but noi matter when you order the knots you can't go wrong. I have had at least six other garlic knots in Vegas and these rule the roost.
1	if I could give it a 0 I would.   Since when is focaccia a stack of white bread with a side of balsalmic??My boyfriend and I  dinned here and we wish we could get our money back. The food quality was comparable to cat food. in fact we believe our meatball panini was exactly that. Wet Cat food. We had the coupon for a free meal which took off $6. I will never go back. end  of Story.
5	BBQ chicken pizza might be the best pizza ever. And my boyfriend agrees. Good service. Nice atmosphere. And the karaoke night is great fun.
5	I've tried of few of the pizzas (at different locations), and the only one I didn't like was the fig one. I've had the 3 bruschettas too (yummy, and I liked the variety).Last night, I had a Groupon for this location and went with my boyfriend after the gym. It was a little empty, but then again, it was late on a Thursday night. We walked in, and immediately someone greeted us. We had a seat, and someone came along immediately to take our drink orders. I know this seems simple- empty place, it should be easy to get good service. But sometimes you get the server who is tired, at the end of their shift, and couldn't care less about the last 2 hours of work. Throughout the meal, our server was friendly and attentive, and kudos to the great service!We started with the mediterranean salad. The salad was huge, with a lot of olives (pitted), and artichokes, and they brought it out on split plates. It was very good, and came with some delicious bread. We also split a pesto chicken pizza. The pesto makes is a little oily, but it was exactly what we were craving.I love the food here, and the service was wonderful. I will definitely be back, especially now that I know how close it is to home.
5	Umm umm good. Try the $4 & $5 drinks at happy hour. Loved the pizza and will come back to try the pasta. Sorry for the delay posting. I just figured out part two of reviewing on Yelp
2	Food was good, service could've been better, it wasn't crowded at all. I still prefer Olive Garden, but this place was close and we had a resturant.com certificate. Fettuccine was good Cannoli not so, maybe I'll try again not sure cause pricing was not great.
4	Went here with a LivingSocial Coupon here last night. I've eaten at this place maybe 3-4 times in the years I have lived in Las Vegas. The place inside is all right and food is OK but ultimately I like their pizza. Its a good Cali style flat pizza with special ingredients. For example last night we got the Fig and Prosciutto pizza. It has Fig compote, prosciutto, gorgonzola, and fontina cheeses sprinkled with some fresh basil. Its thin crisp and good.My wife had the Ravioli special, with a bolognese sauce. It was also good, but a bit small at the regular price of $16.95. Although it did come with an ok Caesar salad.$2 bottle beers and only $5 for a nice size Italian Margarita helped get a star here. A Thirsty Tuesday and Thursdays special they run.So to sum up, this place has good pizza and is worth coming with a coupon or with drink specials.
4	I always come here when I'm craving a great caprese salad- theirs has the option of adding chicken, and comes sprinkled with pistachios. Totally yummy.My husband and brother-in-law usually get pizza when we visit; they've tried a few varieties and have enjoyed them all.They took great care of the hubs and I on Valentine's Day, and even gave us complimentary chocolate covered strawberries. And the times that we've brought our kindergartener with us, they've always been welcoming and friendly with him.Only gripe I have is that when we had two gift certificates, they would only allow us to use one. Other than that, the service has always been very good. This is a good little neighborhood place.
1	I just want to say I would be careful about purchasing any coupons affiliated with this restaurant.  I bought an entertainment book as a donation to my childs school less than a month ago.  The coupons do not expire until November of 2012.  However, when I went inside the establishment they said they were not longer honoring the coupons.  How can they do that?  I can only come to the conclusion that they are promoting coupons to get the advertising but cannot actually afford to honor their coupons.
4	Love this place! The pizza crust is perfect, not too thick and not too thin. The tomato basil pizza is so tasty. In the spring & early fall I love to sit out on the patio, if you're brave enough to sit out in the winter they have heaters. Love the inside/outside bar. Live jazz on Tuesday and thirsty Tuesday and thursday $2.00 drink specials
4	Great place for casual dining & enjoyable happy hour.  I enjoy the pastas & the pizzas. Generally nice staff, sometimes the wait staff is problematic which is the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars.  It's our go-to place for a casual dinner.
2	This place is no good. I bought a groupon $10 for $20. The only thing that is good here is the pizza with kalamata olives! Other then that the service sucks! The atmosphere is terrible! I've been there a bunch of times and never had a positive experience. I know I said this but the service is horrible! I'm pretty sure that only one person is the server, bartender, hostess, busboy, and anything else that would happen in the dining room.
3	We came on a Sunday afternoon when pizza's were half priced, so we ordered the Chicken Pesto and Quattro Formaggi.  The Chicken Pesto was amazing and the Quattro Formaggi was okay... a bit overwhelming with all of the cheese and there was an odd lemony taste to it.  There was nobody else in the restaurant eating, so the bartender served as our waitress.  She stopped by only a few times and I was left hanging with an empty drink for a bit too long.  But, overall everything was good.  I would go back and try out some of their different food items in the future.
5	Fantastic happy hour!! The staff is super friendly, the happy hour prices are fantastically inexpensive, and the food is very tasty!Note: happy hour prices are only at the bar, $5 personal pizza, $5 spinach artichoke, $5 veggie panini, delish!!
3	It was good food and I'd go back. I had there pizza
4	I love coming here for happy hour w my bf! Prices are cheap & the portions are huge!! The food is really good :)
4	Excellent service!
4	The food here is pretty decent.  They have an amazing happy hour.  I like Friday and Saturday nights for karate karaoke, which starts at 10pm.  When it's warmer out, it gets pretty busy since they do the karaoke on the patio.  It's a really good crowd of 20s and 30-somethings and most of the people who sing are pretty talented.  The bartenders have been pretty great each time we've gone.  The last time I was there we finally tried the garlic knots.  All I can say is Day-hey-hey-hey-HEY-YAM!  They are baked just golden and crispy on the outside and soft and buttery on the inside and then carefully smothered with butter and garlic salt.  Holy SHNIZZLE.  The best part, they were 3 friggin dollars!!  If I could live off those bad boys and not grow two chins, I'd do it in a hummingbird heart beat!!!!
4	I love to go there at Happy hour with my girl. They usually have a good service and never dissapoint me.I always order my rgular pasta. Shrimp alfredo fettuchini.
