3	My Grandma has lost some weight and needed some new clothes. She had a special coupon for Kohl's and she had some kind of credit to use here so here is where I took her. I find Kohl's to be the kind of store I have to be in the mood to deal with. A lot of times one has to sort through the crap to find the good stuff and since Grandma likes to hit the sales rack first, I had to dig deep to find the patience to deal with everything. Luckily, we were able to find a few things that worked for her and I was glad. I was also happy that she listened to me when it came to sizing and was very grateful that the dressing rooms were large enough for both of us to be in. My Grandma is now 88 and I look like her. I have a feeling I know what my body will look like when I am 88 as well and once I managed to swallow that reality, we both had a little bit of a laugh. Customer service isn't the best at this location and I guess they get quite a few shoplifters as there was a police takedown going on in the housewares section as we walked by. I just chalked that up to entertainment and steered Grandma the other way.
5	I really have to base my review on the customer service I received the two times I've been here. The employees were really helpful! I thought the store was really clean and neat... not at all what I was expecting. I'll definitely come back here to shop and I LOVE the sales prices too!
4	Clean store with friendly staff. I always seem to find something here. They carry some off brands but at great prices as well as having a good selection of more mainstream brands. Picked up a pair of athletic shorts at a great price at about $12 a piece.
4	I'm starting to really like Kohl's as much as I like J.C. Penney. (I like J.C. Penney)
5	Kohl's is the best. The selection is great, the staff are typically friendly and you can't beat the return policy. This is my primary spot for buying clothes and shoes.
3	They have some good sales from time to time. Watch the sale prices and make sure your getting the best deal. The one thing that keeps this from a 4 star review is the store you do not get cell phone reception in the store.
4	Kohl's has really nice clothing at moderate prices. The thing that really puts Kohl's over the top is the great coupons you receive if you have a Kohl's charge card. They let you combine multiple coupons and they frequently give out Kohl's cash ($10 to spend for every $50 you spend). Just be careful on the Kohl's cash, as they expire pretty quickly. This was my first time to this Kohl's and it was very nice. However, the cashier was kind of meh. But, I can't blame here, working on a very busy holiday weekend. She was probably exhausted.
5	Shopped at this Kohls location for the first time today and loved it! The bathrooms were clean, the cashiers friendly, and the store was nicely organized :) I found more than I expected, and will make the trek to this location in the future. Their merchandise didn't feel picked over. I'm happy.
