1	Awful, awful, awful. Unless you're on the strip or at the airport where there are designated cab lines, Frias cabs will treat you like...well, you know. Very disappointed. I was told my cab would arrive in 20 mins, and I was just trying to get across I-15 from just west of the strip. I was in a situation where I couldn't go inside, and was out in 103 degree Vegas heat. I called back after 30 mins, still no cab dispatched, and was told to call back in 10. Did that, still no dispatch. I called after an hour of waiting, asked for a supervisor, who didn't tell me any new info and she even hung up on me after I told her I was stranded in the heat! Horrible way to run a business. Only one supervisor was available, and the phone operators told me what they do is, although I saw hundreds of cabs drive by, they put in a request for ONE cab driver and just make you wait til that ONE driver accepts the offer. And sometimes they turn it down. Call Desert Cab instead! They came and picked me up in 15 minutes!!!
1	LV Cabs is the reason why we should be able to give Negative stars. I've never been on the phone with so many people who were awful at what they do. It's like, if you hate what you do for a living, then please (for the sake of people who have places to go) work somewhere else!And what's with the perpetual state of "Well we don't have any cars anywhere on planet earth"? On a Monday morning at 2:30am, there were apparently no cabs on planet earth that were capable of coming to W. Lake Mead & Buffalo (for 2 hours) (After I was told that a cab was on the way, so they're also liars). The previous review was spot-on.I pride myself on being the best at what I do for a living, it's nice to see that there are still companies out there like LV Cabs who embrace being the very worst in the world at what they do.Final Verdict: LV Cabs HATES locals, you're better off walking; -4 Stars
1	Horrific. Was told 15 min an hour ago. Called 3 times. Finally had a cab driver tell me they didn't have anythingComing for 5 but were having us wait as long as they could to try and get a ride. Honesty goes a long ways d bags. I know you don't need my business but ill spread the word.
1	I've never really had great experiences with cabs and cab drivers but this probably tops the list! I needed a way to get to work so I was on a schedule. First of all, I got a call from the taxi driver informing me he'd be there no later than 15 mins, confirming my address, etc and there was just a very sarcastic borderline rude tone to his voice, fine whatever. He called me a second time asking for directions because he got lost. And when he finally arrived, what was supposed to be  "no later than15 mins" took a good half hour. I was running way behind schedule and to top it off, the motherf**ker got pulled over as he kept the meter going! He got three tickets from the cop and used me as an excuse for his speeding because I was running late (he didn't know that fact until after he got pulled over when I called my boss to give her a heads up that I would be late) When all was said and done my $15 cab ride was doubled and I had to pay every single cent or else he would've kept me captive in his vehicle. I finally decided to pay and the piece of sh*t credit card machine (whatever you call it) wasn't working. There goes another 5 mins of my life. Naturally I was furious... and late for work.
1	The f****ing worst. Called them at 8am to schedule a pickup. They were nice on the phone and told me to call back in 10 min when I was ready to roll bc a driver might be there in 10 min, 30min the latest. I called back 10 min later (8:10) and ordered the cab. Sounded easy peasy. Was told to wait in the lobby and to wait for a call from the driver... as you can imagine, both the call and the cab NEVER CAME. So, I was forced to roam the streets looking for a cab at 9:10, an hour after booking a cab through this shite company. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT CALL lvcabs.com to book a cab, unless you really, really enjoy aimlessly hanging out in your lobby.Uber... HURRY UP and get to Vegas already!
1	I can't check in as I waited 40 minutes for a cab in Henderson that never showed. I called after 30 minutes to find out where it was and at first the operator said it was on its way but would call to find out where it was. The operator proceeded to tell me that they were having trouble dispatching a cab to my location. So I had to drive and park at the airport, having only 5 minutes to spare before my flight closed. With the thousands of cabs on the strip I find it ridiculous that one was unable to come to Henderson.I've had many timing issues with this company. A person should not have to wait over 30 minutes for a cab
1	I just had the worst experience with this cab company. I called for a cab at 11:30 am, 30 minutes prior to my desired departure time. I then waited for 30 minutes and did not receive any phone calls from any driver. So I called the company back at 11:30 am. They said the driver would be there within a few minutes and I pressed that I had a flight at 12:38 pm. I then waited for another 15 minutes and again did not hear from anyone. So I called the cab company again and they said they had a driver coming. The driver finally called me at 11:48 am and said he just got the dispatch and was heading over from the strip and would need 15-20 minutes to arrive at my destination. Not only was the driver late, but he was incredibly rude on the phone. I asked if there was anything he could do since by the time he arrived I would miss my flight and he only kept repeating: "Do you want me to come or not?" As you can guess, I missed my flight. I would never use this cab company again.
1	Cab said ANLV on the side, driver asked me for a good tip, tipped him 20% and he went off on me and got out dollar bills and tried to give them to me saying my tip was not goid enough. I wish I hadn't tipped him at all.  Unbelievable what a person expects from a 5 minute cab ride down the strip.  Avoid at all costs if possible.
1	Well, I wish I had read these other negative reviews before calling. LV Cab, but my experience with other cab companies has not been much better. That said, these clowns are the worst of a bad lot. I had to be somewhere at 2:30pm, so I called them at 1:15pm thinking that would be plenty of time for them to get a cab to me. I was told it would be 20-30 minutes and worst case up to 45. This was acceptable to me. I got a call from a dispatcher at 1:55pm saying that they would be there in 15 minutes, which was going to be tight to get me where I was going, but if they actually met their commitment that would work. 20 minutes later I call to find out where my cab is and mentioned  that I gotten a call saying that it would be there in 15 minutes. The girl I spoke with proceeded to argue with me about whether I got a call or not until I finally told her that she was wasting time and to tell me whether a cab was coming or not, as I didn't have any more time to wait. She proceeded to hang up on me. So I call back and get another woman, with an even more abrasive disposition, who proceeded to tell me that I cancelled my cab because I couldn't wait. Funny how quickly they have that note in there, which was completely incorrect, but no mention of their own dispatcher calling to tell me my cab was 15 minutes out. The appointment I had to go to was a surgery, which I of course was not only late to, but now had to drive myself and then leave my car at the surgery center because I couldn't drive it home. I'm still trying to wrap my mind around how unbelievably rude their "customer service" people were and completely unwilling to make any effort to ensure that I had the cab they promised me. Not only that, but try to make their ineptitude some how my fault and hang up on me as though I were inconveniencing them somehow and then cancel my cab. If I didn't call right back, I would have had no idea that they cancelled it and then put in their notes that I somehow did that. Now I know where the dregs of the earth wash out to when they just can't get a job anywhere else. These people are gum on the bottom of the world's shoe and I wouldn't piss on them if they were on fire. Thank God Uber has come to town.
1	The worst service I have ever had. I asked for a cab at 6:28 pm on a sunday i get off work at 7:30 i knew these dirt bags would take forever to come since i was in Summerlin and these guys really don't cater to the locals all too well. At 7:15 still no call so i call these guys back looking for the cab the dispatcher on the phone said that the taxi called me at 6:45 and i didn't answer. I was holding my phone the whole time waiting for them. The lady said that they will dispatch a new one. But it shouldn't take long because the cab was still nearby.@730 still nothing i called again they said a cab was nearby. This kept going on for another hour! It took 2 hours to get a cab! That is unreasonable. After a 12 hour shift i should't have to wait 2 hours for 1 lousy cab. I wish uber would come back and these dam* cab companies stop targeting them. They don't service locals well anyway. Lv cabs are terrible.
1	Terrible service. if we could, we would rate with no stars. If you need a cab, dont call them.
1	TERRIBLE TERRIBLE NEVER USE. I called the day before and made scheduled a pickup. Missed call by accident and called the company back said he was on his way. Called cab driver and he said he called me earlier and I canceled and hung up on me. When called company and asked for a different driver that was not rude they called cab and he said I was rude and hung up on him. These people  are a joke. Shouldn't be in business. Called yellow cab and came right on time.
