4	Had a really nice lunch here recently and would recommend it if you're in the area.  Very fresh ingredients, super friendly staff.  I had the cappacolla and a friend had the fajitas special.  The salsa that came with the fajitas was a standout but everything was very good.  Check it out!  Parking is limited out front but we were able to find spots in the nearby residential area no problem.
3	Recently went to East End Cafe for lunch using my Groupon.   As far as the food, they have a very extensive and varied menu that looks really good, pretty much anything you could want and priced reasonably.   We ordered our wraps and sandwich, but they were out of the sides except for chips, a soup or pasta salad.  We each ordered the past salad, but because they were out of utensils (we were told the boss did not bring more forks that day) we were given the salad to take home, ok.  My grilled veggie wrap was very good and the gyro my friend had was also good.  The main problem with this restaurant is that there is no ambiance, not one bit of character or decor to really speak of.  No air conditioner or even ceiling fans as it seemed very warm inside.  Quiet background music would be nice, too.  There could also be outside seating in the area just outside the door. and maybe happier employees.   I think with a little more effort, this place might be a hit!  Maybe take out is a bigger draw for this place as the food was good.
4	I had a Groupon so I invited my sister to have lunch with me. I actually thought the place was closed because, from the outside, it looked very empty and dreary. When we went inside there was only one person there working. It was very quiet. Even though there was a large portable AC at the front of the store, the place was still hot. My sister ordered a gyro and I ordered a Rueben. The only sides available were potato chips and French onion soup; we chose the soup. I took the last plastic spoon and I was told that the restaurant was out of spoons. Luckily, I was able to find a spare spoon in my purse. My sister loved her gyro and I loved my Reuben. I really loved the French onion soup that was topped with cheese and I ate that first. East End Cafe is in a very good location and the food isn't that bad. However, the owner can make the place livelier and more inviting.
