3	Went here on Friday because they were having a great deal on some skillets I have been looking at. I had gone to Sur la Table earlier in the day for another item and my experiences at these two places were quite different.Everyone here was very nice and quickly asked if I needed any help as I was browsing which was great. However, whenever I asked a specific question they had little to no knowledge of a good answer. Anything from "I think this is priced wrong" to "Do you know the difference between this style pan and that?" each question was met with fumbling around for words or them needing to ask a manager... and I thought I was asking pretty simple questions.The selection here is great for specialty items, but if you are going here for pots, pans or knives my experience with the three different people that I spoke with was that they knew very little about the products they sold and had zero hands on experience with them.Very nice people... just wouldn't feel comfortable buying anything off their recommendations and will look elsewhere to buy my equipment.
5	If you are a Yelper, chances are better than good that you appreciate cool kitchen stuff. Williams-Sonoma is the Disneyland of cool kitchen stuff, and the weekend before Xmas I went out in search of gifts like any good procrastinating guy. The store was bustling and busy, but the staff were great and very helpful. They had samples of this amazing hot chocolate that puts Starbucks to shame. My brother and I were arguing about what a weird little tool did, and we found an employee named Claudia, who was friendly, funny, and helpful. She explained what it was for, which sucked, because it meant my little brother was correct, which pains me to no end. Claudia had some great tips on cooking gadgets, and really made the shopping experience fun. Well done WS!
5	I love this place! Everyone here is always so friendly.
4	If I could buy this entire store I would. My eyes say yes, but my wallet says no. For now.The sales associate was so helpful in helping me pick out a Global knife for the girl's bday. Even though the store was busy with post-Christmas shoppers, I was well taken care of. I told her what specs I was looking for, what price range, and for what occasion, and we agreed on the perfect knife. I went to check out the cookbooks while the associate grabbed the packaged knife from the storeroom. She told me she'd have it at the counter for me when I finished my shopping.In the meantime, I grabbed a thick French cookbook with plenty of pictures (the best part), and proceeded to check out. The associate helped me right away, and away I went, another happy camper. FYI: you can buy these knives or any utensils cheaper at a restaurant wholesaler or online, but hey, Williams-Sonoma is a bitchin' ass store.
1	I ordered an item (pizza oven) to be delivered Dec. 24th as a gift and it finally showed up  Jan. 5th and it is broken .They said they could deliver a new one in one week, January 16th too late for the party December 25th, January 1st, January 8th,January 15th, the national college championship game.No one should buy anything from them and expect to receive it in working order when you may need it. They will not assist you with a return, you are on your own.Go ahead,buy your wife a gift and piss her off!!! This review is for the online store only ,the people at the Biltmore store are wonderful and extremely helpful.
