2	Pricey and not very good food.  The Budweiser vendor showed up and gave out free beer which was nice but I will not be going back.
1	Went on a slow Tuesday night. My party of 4, the largest group in the building, was ignored from the moment we walked in. My girlfriend and I had to drink from my friends' bucket of beer because the bar tender didn't even walk over to us until she felt it necessary to come and snatch the menus, which we had to get ourselves, out of our hands saying only "we're only serving off this late night menu." Not once was eye contact made and not once was a smile given the entire stay of nearly 3 hours. After leaving the tab in cash on the bar and leaving, we were chased outside by the same bartender who accused us of not paying our bill, having not even looked at the bar right where we were sitting, apparently. After we told her we left it on the bar the only response from her was "cause if you don't pay it then I have to." For a group of 4 who all work in restaurants, this low level service in, what was thought to be a reputable bar in the ballantyne area, was appalling.
5	I live very close to Stadium and meet friends there regularly. They have a great selection of great tasting bar food, and the service is tremendous! My friends and I love this great neighborhood tavern!
5	We go to the Stadium often because we have never had a bad meal, actually every meal we have had has been great. We go out a lot and often end up there because it is the old reliable! Also the owner, Andy and all of his waitstaff are extremely friendly and the service is great. It is a great place to watch football, he has every game on that is playing!
3	My overall disdain for all things suburbs while I have to live in South Charlotte usually either keeps me home or make the trek in to Charlotte.  However, I was recently here this past Sunday to watch football.  I was so happy to be at a bar to watch all my teams win (Bills, Giants and the Panthers)  It was very crowded but the managers were very quick to find my boyfriend and I a table.  They had great beer specials and I loved the nachos.  Nothing special but definitely a fun place I will go back to hang out with friends and watch some football.  I don't think you'll find me here on a fri/sat night but Sunday for sure!  Yay for finding a local bar!
2	Since Stadium is very close to where we live, I really wanted to give it a chance and hope it would be better than the previous restaurant to occupy the space.  After a few visits, it seems destined to disappoint.  While then food is on par with what you would get at most Charlotte sports bars, the service is painfully bad.  In half empty place, it shouldn't be too hard to provide the customers the food and drinks they order.  C'mon man.
4	This is an excellent neighborhood bar with great ownership and service. I've never once had a real problem here. The drink prices are fair and the food is decent. No HD service for the TVs, however. C'mon man!!!
3	It was alright.  Typical sports bar fare. Just fine to grab a burger and a beer and watch the game. Don't expect to be wowed with culinary excellence.
5	Great local sports bar!I've tried just about everything on the menu and have not been disappointed yet. They have the best wings in South Charlotte and killer ranch dressing. The bartenders are friendly and always serve you with a smile. The TV's are plentiful and they don't have an issue turning to your favorite game. They have daily drink specials and nice lunch specials. I would highly recommend Stadium to any newcomer in the South Charlotte/Waxhaw area.
3	Seems like this place has picked up. Menu seems improved, although not a lot of "healthy" options. Need to invest in so great Charlotte Craft Beers. There are tons to choose from now. Wasn't the best, wasn't the worst and would go back for sure.
3	Very very cool sports bar.  Having said that, it just seems like the place is looking for its lost soul or something.  I can't quite pick out any specific characteristics that make this place jump out.  They surprisingly have very delicious food but the service is rather lacking.  We weren't in a rush or anything.  Best thing on the menu  -- The chicken parm sandwich.. They surely do that right but the wings were average and kinda bland.  Also, they water downed their blue cheese.  You can't do that.  Other than that - The specials could be a little bit more organized and better thought out.  They have numerous dart boards and obviously have a league, but they dont advertise that very well.  Overall, I would say you should give it a try to do something new but wouldn't say that you need to go out of your way.  But please read other reviews and get some more opinions first.  I wanted to like the place so much more - Very close to my house.  I will go back for the chicken parm!Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	THE STADIUM HAS CLOSED.  SIGN ON DOOR SAYS 'MOVING.'I really like this place!!   Stadium Sports Tavern (SST) is a bar, plus a restaurant, and a great neighborhood place to kick back, relax, and watch the game (or several games!) on several [25!!!] screens located all around you.They have a great selection of beer and all at a very reasonable price!!! Especially for Ballantyne! I mention beer, but note that they do have a full bar, so you can find what you want here!!As far as food, SST has a really good and diverse menu - something for everyone! Again, modestly priced. We've been here several times for wings, and they've been consistently good! We like the Barbalo and Hot Honey BBQ flavors, but note that they have  at least 10 flavors to choose from, which is a pretty decent selection of flavors!! I've had the Buffalo Chicken, and the Reuben.  A good friend of mine swears by the The Stadium Monte Crisco ; )  and says that it is excellent too!  That's next on my list to try. There is plenty of seating, so you should not have to wait here, except sometimes for service. They are lightly staffed and occasionally service can be slightly slow. But, the hospitality of the wait staff always seems to mitigate any frustration, at least for me.  I always leave happy!!And, check out the website (http://www.stadiumsportstavern.com/) for information on their weekly activities, which include dart tournaments, Karaoke, and Smokin' Aces Poker tournaments. Check out this neighborhood oasis on the edge of Providence Country Club and Hunter's Gate, just off of Rea Road!!
5	If you like the New York Giants this is the place go. Cheap beer, good burgers and a older crowd no fights nice place to hangout and relax on sundays. They have like 15 tv's all 42 inch plasma and all the football games.
3	First time. Food was good and beer was very reasonable. Service was so so. No complaints. Definitely will be back. Try the Sampler Platter. Very good.
1	This place stinks. It's pretty overpriced and the food is awful anyway. I got the pulled pork special. I thought it would be good since it was the special but it was so salty - it was inedible. I ate the nachos we got for the app instead and they were pretty good. My husband got the Carolina Burger and it was so bad. I still have a stomach ache the next morning from the food and we were both up dying of thirst in the middle of the night since the food was so salty. Avoid this place if you have half a brain!
3	The Stadium recently closed at the Fountains.  A sign on the door said they were moving to a new location, but no new address was listed.
