3	Greasy cheap chinese food. Ordering was a bit confusing. It seemed like there's about one employee who speaks English. You get a big styrofoam box of whatever meat and vegetables you order, with a lot of rice underneath. Everything runs around five bucks. So lots of bang for your dollar. Food was prepared pretty quick. I certainly wasn't wowed by the food, but it was fine. If I was drunk it would probably have been revelatory. Food was expectedly Americanized. The decor is kind of dumpy. But this isn't a place you go for atmosphere anyway.
3	If you're looking for greasy Chinese delivery, look no further.  Two pad thais and two egg rolls came to less than $20.  The pad thais were huge and left more than enough for next-day lunch leftovers.  The egg rolls were pretty greasy but hit the spot.  Not the greatest food I've ever eaten, but sometimes a girl just needs some really greasy noodles.Delivery available through Meals Delivered. and Campus Food.  (Campus Food is cheaper.)
1	On my way home from work, I always walk by this place and I always see people walking into here.  So I decided to give it a shot and see what's up.  I'm not a health freak or a food guru nor am I picky about food but this place is just plain bad.  The $5/meal is pretty decent until they charge you an extra $2 for lo mein instead of rice.  But the biggest thing that bothers me is the huge puddle of oil that the food sits in.  Again, I'm not a health freak but eatting this food just made me feel guilty.  With every bite, I think about getting a heart attack at 27.  There's as much oil as there sauce and you see the thick oil floating above. don't expect a fantastic dining area either.  it's dark and feels icky.  I've had my fair share of cheap chinese food, and this is probably the worst I've tried.
1	Every time I get take out, I swear  I'm never going back but I work at a hospital in Oakland so if I don't take something to eat I need to find something quick. Szechuan has a scopious menu and I've ordered quite a mix. The portions are massive (with more rice than entree so I always order without it), the tofu is always overfried, sauce is greasy and too salty (even for me & that's saying alot), and the food always tastes fishy. After rereading this I have come to the final decision to never step foot in this dingy establishment ever again. I don't care how quick & cheap it is.
4	Okay, for what Szechuan Express is, it succeeds. I'm giving it four stars because I like cheap, greasy Chinese food, and this was my favorite place for it as a Pitt undergrad. I go back every time I'm in Oakland, and I get the tofu and broccoli with garlic sauce, and I am content. Yes, it's a ton and a half of rice, but the sauce is delicious, and you get plenty of tofu and broccoli for, you know, a week. Food comes quickly and it's always hot.There's a cooler with cans and bottles of everything, there's plenty of seating, and the same dependable crappy music is always playing. And for all these bad reviews, there are always people there. Like I said, whenever I visit Pgh, I stop at Szechuan Express for a solid block of Chinese food.
4	My mom from Taiwan who has been in the hospital for a week had a craving for outside food yesterday so she sent me to Szechuan Express for the Roast Duck Noodle soup. A bit surprised they used rice noodle, but my mom loved it. For less than $6, two containers (quart and a half?) of soup that really tasted home made with duck and a lot of cabbage. I had the crispy shrimp plate (107) earlier in the day which came out like a sweet and sour dish which isn't my cup of tea but it was crispy and well made in good quantity with a ton of rice.Fast, fast service, Taiwanese mom approved...
5	My favorite chinese place of all time... GOd i miss this place, my favorite place to go when i was in college.  Good price, good portion, perfectly flavored( not too sweet, greasy)Would love to stop by someday soon!!
4	What makes this place so amazing?  The $8 meal that will last two or more days?  The insanely fast service?  The fact that there are undoubtedly better Chinese restaurants but *something* makes you keep coming back?  Perhaps the world will never know!  But what I do know is that whenever I get a craving for Szechuan Express, it will not subside until I'm sated with a vegetable roll and - my current favorite - General Tso's tofu.I've been grabbing food here for around 10 years and have never had a problem.  I'm very picky when it comes to chicken - if there are any "bits", I won't be coming back.  But I've always had perfect meat here.  I only recently tried the tofu and while it's not the best, it's still decent.  It's not too chewy and soaks up the sauce but doesn't turn into a sponge.  The General Tso's sauce itself is tangy and, yes, quite greasy.  But sometimes that's just what hits the spot!  You get a choice of steamed or fried rice; I always go with steamed.  I *think* you can ask for brown, but I always get the default white.If you're looking for quick, cheap, filling Chinese without any frills, get ye to Szechuan Express!
1	My girlfriend and I have ordered from here twice and she has gotten sick both times. I have been OK, but the quality of the food is definitely in the "cheap" category so those with sensitive stomachs need not apply.
3	Szechuan Express is a solid place for cheap, quick, Chinese food. It looks exactly like the hole-in-the-wall places that line Clemente Street in San Francisco.  Just walk up to the counter, place your order, then take a seat or wait around to carry out. The food here is not gonna blow you away with high quality or uniqueness, but for $5 it will surely fill you up. The garlic sauce tastes very similar to the chili sauce, but again, for $5 don't bring in unrealistic expectations. Its a bit grungy inside, so if you need it to be super clean to eat somewhere then maybe you should choose another spot.A couple good dishes are: beef noodle soup, double cooked pork, and chicken with garlic sauce. The staff is extremely friendly too. I usually stop in around 2 a couple days a week for lunch and the dude who works there is always laughing and having a good time with the customers.
2	We ordered take-out from this place and the only plus was that it came pretty quickly. Other qualities of the food included being too salty and too much sauce. Pretty cheap too - we ordered online and we were able to order something free for every $10 you order, but this is not good enough for me to go back to this place again.
1	Inedible General Tso chicken. I will never go back here.
3	This is my roommate from China's favorite Chinese restaurant in Oakland. He says they prepare the food like his mother did, but he also mentioned that he doesn't think his mother's cooking is that good. There is a rumor that Szechuan favors Asian students which seems to be true according to my roommate who was able to order meals after hours.Based on my experiences, the food quality and preparation time were on par with the other American style Chinese restaurants on the corner of Oakland Ave and Forbes. Szechuan is a little cheaper but the entree typically consists of a little less meat.
2	I recall walking in and standing right in front of two employees who just continued their convo while I patiently waited to be served. Finally after at least 5 minutes I was addressed and I placed my order. I couldn't tell if the server was unfriendly, if it was merely a cultural thing, or if he just had trouble understanding me. Anyway since I'm giving the benefit of the doubt here, I increased my ranking by one star.I ordered the beef noodle soup and it was terrible - too spicy and the beef had a weird taste to it. Usually after I leave establishments one of the employees will either say thank you, have a good day or something, but not in this place.A few things to take into account are that the employees were college age and it was pretty close to closing time so that could have impacted the level of service. All in all I just did not enjoy my experience and I won't be returning.
5	It's cheap, it's fast, it certainly is not fancy; but this is as good as it gets.  You want good asian, go to a place frequented by lots of people of european descent.  If you want autenticity go to the place that is packed with asians.  This is a Pitt/CMU tradition, and the heart of "Asian Alley" on Oakland Avenue.There is no decor, it's packed in, and certinaly could use some renovations.  Save the complaints for a different style.  This is 100% authentic Szechuan chinese, and you should appreciate the complexity and style of the food served here.
1	Not worth it...
5	Great food, great prices. It's really fast and you don't even need to call your order in.
2	Fast, cheap...for a reason.All their dishes are swimming in a combination of grease, sauce, salt, oil, and god knows what else. Of course I wasn't expecting authentic Chinese food, but this wasn't even good Americanized Chinese food. This was one of the few restaurants that messed up Chinese food. My friend I went here with got sick off the stuff, I wouldn't recommend trying this place if your stomach can't handle it.  I got the vegetable delight with garlic sauce and my friend got the shrimp lo mein.  The dishes are hard to mess up but somehow this place accomplished it.  In my vegetable delight there was way too much cabbage stem and not enough of anything else. My friend's noodles were bathed in soy sauce, she tried to sequester it into one pocket but to no avail for it pooled over to the other compartments. One good thing about this place is that there is a HUGE selection. The walls are covered with their menu so that's a positive. However, the prices and selection are still not tempting enough to make me go a second time.
4	Yum GOOD cheap Chinese food... Mmmmmmm
1	Literally a shish hole. Yes it's cheaper than all the other asian food places in Oakland, but what I paid for was barely edible. How about you give me $5 and I'll give you a plate of lard. Will not come here again! Spend the extra 50 cents and cross the street to Taiwan or Sushi Boat for more decent food.
4	As a broke college student this place is a god-send.It is cheap chinese food close to my apartment, I have tried their general tso's tofu and their tofu pad thai. Both around $6 and both pretty greasy.  What concerns me is how fast the food comes out, in less than 5 minutes I have gotten my food.  It is a good place to have once a week, more than that its just plain disgusting. I'll keep going there while I am attending Pitt because its a tolerable place to eat
1	It's so bad. I order a Chinese egg soup noodle. However, the shrimp is so small and not fresh. The tomato and vegetables like uncooked. It seems like they are hurry to let u done.
3	yes I was a poor college student. some days i had spare change and this is the cheapest spot to go for chinese in Oakland. the place is dark and gloomy, covered with pictures and menus of foods but long and behold the food comes out within 5 minutes. yes, the food comes out looking like it should be for pigs BUT hey when you're hungry their to-go boxes are filled to the top (sometimes overfilled that the sauce leaks out) everything on the menu is great except the noodle bowls there's too much noodles and bland broth
3	I am a big fan of a smeggy Chinese takeout and this place fits the bill. You get a big portion of hot food, real quick. There are numerous dishes that I have had that have been pretty meh but after a few attempts I found some dishes that are exactly the kind of Chinese artery clogging that I want some times.
3	I like Szechuan Express for reasonable prices but you get what you pay for. Pad thai was cold, the meat smelled and it was bland. I liked crab rangoon filling but its fried-bread was quite stiff, hurt my mouth while going for it, could have been softer like you get at PF Chang, but anyway it was good enough not all bad like pad thai. One recommendation though, Singaporean Lo Mein. It was really good, spicy and flavorful.
4	Really quick, cheap and delicious! I got a tofu and rice dish. Large portion, not greasy and very delicious!
4	Try the authentic menu!I have to admit, the first time I tried this place, I didn't like it.  The huge portions and low price was great, but the food was mediocre. But that's because I ordered from the americanized menu.  If you want great General Tso's chicken, go elsewhere. If you want more authentic chinese food, turn your head to the left and read the fine print English translation of their authentic menu. It is absolutely fantastic, and hard to find this type of food in the Burgh.
1	Terrible. Really, that is the only word you need - don't bother reading more because "terrible" really sums up the dining experience at Szechuan Express.We ordered via grubhub's app. I ordered General Tso Shrimp, shrimp fried rice and a small extra white rice. The app offered a coupon so with 2 sodas I met the minimum to add on a free Young Chow fried rice.  Yea! Here comes dinner!Delivery took a reasonable amount of time. The bag arrived and everything is packaged in Styrofoam. Two things here: 1. Who uses Styrofoam anymore?? it is terrible for the environment and 2. Styrofoam makes everything inside soggy. Yuck. And the sodas arrived warm. I guess they thought we'd like them for later or they are just too lazy to make the cokes cold.At this point I notice that there are not only zero fortune cookies but zero packets of condiments. My kid was super bummed about the no-cookie bit (me too). Now for the food.General Tso Shrimp. The shrimp are fried in a heavy batter, like a thick, cheap tempura. Since the batter takes longer to cook it does not take a genius to figure out that the shrimp is so over cooked that if you are lucky it is only just rubbery. Half of them were bone-dry and hard. Yes, they were that over cooked. I included a photo - the shrimp is a the bottom and is so shriveled that it looks just like the gummy tempura batter. Disgusting.  (psst - try this at How Lee - AMAZING)Shrimp Fried rice. Wow. This was even worse. How they managed to hit both salty and bland is beyond me. The after taste was weird and off. It coated inside your mouth like dirty grease. One bite and the rest in the garbage.Young Chow Fried Rice. I have had this before from a different place and that place was awesome. This one... and I am not exaggerating... made my daughter cry when I told her that was her dinner. Yes, full tears. I took a closer look and totally got it. I included a photo of it. The pork looks like jerky. I think there was chicken in it, who knows. It looked like vomit. I am not sure I would feed this to a dog it looked so unappetizing. The shrimp looked ok comparatively. No one ate this.The white rice... yes, the ONE thing EVERY Chinese food place should be able to get right was even dry. Scraped up dry bits from the side and bottom. It's been just over an hour - and yeah, I ate some, like an idiot. I was starving. Now I feel sick, that bloaty, nauseous feeling with a slight headache bad food feeling...Terrible. Just terrible.edit: 9/3/2014 - the business and I had a colorful back and forth about my review over the weekend and the manager indicated that in order to have a satisfying meal that the diner should only eat in or pick up - that the delivery changes the quality of the meal. While I have my own opinions about this it appears that he likely also complained to YELP about my photos (and likely my review) of the meal I was served by his restaurant. these images, most notably, showed a shrimp so completely over cooked that it had shrunk to about 1/3 of its normal size and was swimming inside of the breading. the other image showed dry, unappetizing fried rice. What struck me the most about our emails was what I perceived as a complete lack of professionalism and inability to listen to feedback from a customer. Further, if he feels delivery is the issue when why offer it?  To be honest, the delivery was the only thing that met expectation - it arrived within 45 minutes. I have ordered take out from a wide variety of places and have had great meals with it taking even longer to get to me. so, bottom line for me? the kid who is managing this restaurant pretty much reinforced my opinion of his business. there are a LOT of options out there in this category and i will happily spend my money at any of those before I spend another penny with this place.
4	Honestly one of my favorite Asian food joints in Oakland. It's cheap and the portions are huge, so as a college student, it fills all of my expectations. I've gotten their veggie egg rolls a few times and wasn't a huge fan because it was basically filled only with cabbage so I wouldn't get it again. Their tofu dishes are always great- my favorite is General Tso's. Last time I went, they gave me the wrong tofu dish, but that was great, so I'm not too upset about it. They're fast, cheap, and conveniently located; I'll definitely go there again.
1	They were totally rude and when I asked if they can deliver the food 10 minutes earlier, they said no and hung up. Do not order from these people if you expect decent service.
