3	AKA "Clinica Spay Y Neutral." The boarding facility where we'll be leaving our dogs recommended this clinic as an affordable place to get their shots updated. I brought them by bright and early on a Friday, hoping to get in and out quickly. But I was outwitted by about 20 families with cats and lap dogs, crammed into the 10 x 10 waiting room. No appointments here. Get there early and wait.I chose to bide my time outside, in the fresh air. A little over an hour later, I was called in.The exam area was very basic, with a portable exam table, a scale, and a few other essentials. The space was dominated by the holding area for all the animals, yowling and barking, awaiting the big snip.The doctor and assistants were very pleasant and professional. Even though I was there just to get the pups their shots, they answered a few questions I had, and did a brief exam of the furkids.If you're more concerned about affordability than convenience, this is the place. The price tag for a 4-in-1 and a rabies vaccination was $37 for each dog. I was also quoted a price that was about half of what my vet had quoted for their teeth cleanings.
5	We had two of our dogs neutered at this clinic today.  The staff was VERY friendly and took very good care of our two dogs.  I was kind of worried at first because of the scheduling system they have.  (you set up an appointment for the surgery but the examination is on a "first come, first serve" basis.) Wasn't too sure how that was going to work out at first, but like i said, the staff was very friendly.  They got everyone taken care of in a timely manner without making us feel rushed. They are VERY inexpensive as well.  They offer alot of services including: micro chips, dental care, spay/neutering, vaccinations etc. all at very decent and fair prices.  We will be returning with our other pet this coming week.  Thank you Staff! You did a great job and I feel confident that my dogs got excellent treatment.
4	Just called and the hold time is the only thing  bad......the lady was very helpful and answered all my questions and didn't  make me feel rushed...so i guess that 's why I waited so long maybe the person before me was given the same treatment ...I could only hope. Thanks Lady's
5	I have brought both of my pups here and they have taken great care of my babies. Both were males that were neutered and neither have had any issues after TW surgery. I am so thankful for an affordable clinic (as even my vet was going to be about $300). The Dr. was the same one for both of my pups and he is so sweet and gentle. The staff is nice and was very great with my pups.  I will bring any future pups here!
5	So happy I was recommended this place.  The staff was so nice and helpful.  Although they were busy they didn't rush you along.  When it was my turn they gave me a one and one with the doctor who was so nice and comforting.  Any doubts i had he made me feel at ease.  They truly cared about the animals.  The lady at the front desk was so sweet and processed us all quickly.  The nurses in the back were all compassionate and caring.  I would tell anyone to come for shots or spayed and neutered procedures.    The building may turn you off a bit but that is how they keep it low cost. Inside it is very clean and the staff is just as good if not better than a expensive vet.
