4	Make sure you're ready for NASCAR! This Hotel is as close as you may want to be from The Charlotte Motor Speedway. Get your Motor running. The staff and management are on a roll.
1	Okay, so I was completely prepared for the worst when I got here, since the average review for this place was about 2 stars.My flight landed in the morning, and I called to see if checking in early would be an option. It wasn't. I should have a shot around 1:30pm, though.  Okay, cool..I'll find something to do for 4 hours. So I drop in at 2:30pm--surely they have ONE clean non-smoking room ready, right?? No....they don't. I'm a little annoyed at this point, but the girl behind the desk can't really do anything about it, so I walk back to my car and sleep for an hour....then finally, success. There's a $20(?) deposit on the room that should be refunded in about a week. We'll see. If you've read my other reviews, I NEVER have great luck with these "deposits."About the room:-It's not new. But it's not old, either. -There's a tube tv circa 1999, no fridge OR microwave OR coffee machine. Those things you'll have to specifically request (for a fee!). -The walls? Terribly, terribly thin. I'm nervous about going to sleep tonight....and waking up in the morning.-Couple of hairs floating around the room. The bed, the lamp shade...and the shower wall was COVERED in them. Speaking of the bathroom...-Not cleaned. At all. Somebody's draws were on the door (I took a pic). The aforementioned hairs all over the shower wall. And there's no way in the world they could've cleaned that bathtub....it definitely hasn't seen any kind of cleaner in a while. The draws on the door were enough for me; I showered with a towel on the tub floor cuz I just didnt want to touch anything in there.You'd think as long as they took to get me a room here, the room would be sparkling! Now I'm starting to think all they did was make the bed, fold some towels, and move on.I really wanna just leave here and sleep somewhere else, but I already paid for the room. I'm mad at myself for going through Priceline...the cheaper rate I got is not worth the hassle this place has been. Don't do it.
1	Do not stay here. Awful. As though it's not shabby enough with the slowest "service" in the daytime, a never-ending emergency alarm starts going off at 430  AM. False Alarm.
5	Got a deal on Priceline for a couple of night here. They honored my request for a King Room and we also put in a remodeled room.  Microwave/fridge, new bathroom, tons of pillows on the bed.  All of the employees we talked to were very helpful.  Great value for a stay in North Charlotte.
5	Got a deal on priceline.. Recently renovated rooms it seemed... Spacious king size bed with fridge, microwave and lg tv.. Nice shower and bathroom.. Front desk staff super friendly and nice.. Pleasent surprise for the cost.. Some construction downstairs but it didnt bother us a bit
2	Hair on the sheets, hair on the pillows, hair inside the pillows, hair on the floor, hair on the walls.  Hair.  Lots of it.  And it's not mine.  Did I mention there's hair everywhere?
5	We used our holiday inn rewards to stay here. We had an excellent experience. Our room was upgraded to a gorgeous a suite. The hotel and room were very clean, and the staff was professional, friendly, and helpful! I'd stay here again anytime!
5	Second time I've stayed in this area, and this hotel was better than the last. It's very nice and clean, and the location can't be beat. Only 10 minutes from the race track and within walking distance of many places to eat.
3	Pretty unremarkable Holiday Inn. Club level room is locked when not open, so no free drinks from there.  Otherwise standard room.  No accessibility to local area by walking, however, with very few crosswalks to get to other places.Very attentive staff, and clean updated rooms.
4	Nicely appointed standard Holiday Inn.  Close to UNCC.  Breakfast buffet was well stocked and clean.  Nice bar in lobby.  Lots of parking.
4	Came here to visit on business for two days. Got a pretty sweat deal for an executive guest room. So private you need your keycard just to use the elavator to reach the floor (made me feel special). Checkin was pretty easy, the only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because the front desk attendant had horrible writing, so my room number look like it ended with 4 when infact it was 8. I accidentally was trying to get into the wrong room...then I heard someone coming to the door so I walked away to guess my room. Eeek!!! Stranger Danger!!The room itself was pretty nice, free waters in the fridge, some luxury candy, comfy king bed. The free fitness facility was good so I could recover from the free chocolate. The coffee was cheapo-depo, generic hotel brand stuff. No tea (I'm Persian so I gotta have my tea!!)  Overall impression, hotel was very nice and clean. Room was in perfect order. If you are staying for a few days, this is a great value, if it were going to be a week or more, I would search for something a little nicer since there are numerous other hotels nearby. Can't beat the value though if you don't have unlimited funds!
