4	I've never been much of an autograph hound. The only one I remember actively chasing was Chuck Yeager's who is a personal hero of mine. It happened 20 years ago on a flight from Prudhoe Bay, Alaska, to Anchorage. I was up there to do some engineering work and was wearing some dirty coveralls and several days of stubble on my cheeks. I recognized Yeager in the airport. He was with a bunch of other guys that I assumed were in a party that had just finished hunting in the Brooks Range. Even from a distance, his short stocky stature, wizened features and piercing blue eyes were unmistakable. When the plane was in the air, I looked for a piece of paper and found a copy of my draft project prognosis I'd been working on and thought, "What the hell, I'll ask Chuck to sign it." I walked down the aisle to his row and asked. He just stared at me. I stared back. I must have won the stare-down because he finally took the paper and pen and in the most deliberate and slow fashion possible, scrawled his signature on the approval page. I have no idea where it is today. I'll bet it's worth something.I got a sense of what some signatures are worth at Antiquities. It is found somewhere in the massive mall known as the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. They specialize in collectibles (usually autographed). Most of them are associated with musicians and actors, but they also have historical and sports memorabilia. There are dozens and dozens of signed guitars and drum heads by rock musicians starting around $3000. There are also tons of albums and posters that are adorned with celebrity signatures. Amongst them are some "bargains" for under $1000. All these nostalgic items are beautifully framed.My favorites in the whole place were:(1) A small piece of paper signed by the Fab Four ($7995).(2) The Rolling Stone's Sticky Fingers Album with the zipper on it (designed by Andy Warhol) signed by all five of the band. There was a separate Andy Warhol signature framed with it too (for about $1000 less than the Beatles signatures).(3) An Abraham Lincoln signature ($14,995).I spent some time talking to the assistant manager, Howard. He told me that he's always getting calls from lawyers who want a JFK signature on their wall (they had one at the store too for several thousand dollars). I expressed interest in their old fashioned neon oil company signs. I could have shipped the Shell Oil one home for just under $1000. That was a bit steep, but I kept their business card just in case.The forum shops at Caesar's Palace go on forever. As you wander around they curve about and soon you can become absolutely lost. I had to ask an information desk how to get out of the place after I visited Antiquities.
5	I am looking at a letter signed by THE John Hancock ensconced in a beautiful frame.  I look above and see the pricetag:  $89,000.  Of course, they were having a sale when I was visiting, so the price may actually have been slightly lower.  What was so remarkable was that an $89,000 autograph did not really stand out from the amazing collection of autographs up for sell in this store.  I think they had everything you could possibly want.  An Abbey Road album signed by all four Beatles -- of course.  A guitar signed by Eric Clapton -- child's play.  They had literally hundreds of items like this each of them interesting in their own right.  And the prices have a considerable range.  I think the cheapest autograph went for about $895 and went upwards of 6 figures with the average item costing about $2000.  I was so overwhelmed, I really did not want to leave this store.  So, what is on my wish list?  - Hand written lyrics by Kurt Cobain for the song Mr. Moustache for $6995: http://store02.prostores.com/servlet/antiquitieslv/the-2249/Nirvana-frontman-Kurt-Cobain/Detail- Sheet music for Moon River signed by Audrey Hepburn for $1895:http://store02.prostores.com/servlet/antiquitieslv/the-2284/Audrey-Hepburn-signed-sheet/DetailThese make excellent stocking stuffers if you want to reward your favorite Yelper...   :-)
5	Awesome store totally caught me by surprise.   I made a significant purchase there and the owner and workers were very friendly and courteous to me.  I purchased two items and got them shipped to my home as promised with no damage.  I will probably buy from them again in the near future thanks.
5	I love walking through this place and looking at all of the amazing pieces of memorabilia and rare autographs that are all for sale. You will find anything from a framed Pulp Fiction movie poster signed by the entire cast to a guitar used by Jimi Hendrix in concert. There's even stuff from historical figures like Presidents and other famous people.The staff is always very friendly, answers questions, and lets people just wander through all the awesomeness that is on display.If anyone ever wants to buy something for me from this place, I just saw a baseball signed by Lou Gehrig that would look very nice in my living room.
5	Pete Rose was signing here this day. Pete Rose was signing here the day before. Pete Rose was signing here probably every day.i didn't get anything signed by Pete Rose.
4	In Vegas I stayed at Caesar's so I had to walk around the Forum Shops a little bit. It was there that I saw and was immediately drawn to this place. They have so much history in there. They have all kinds of autographed movie and music memorabilia. They have pieces of history that are priceless. I really enjoyed this shop and everything it had to offer. I bought a couple of cool souvenirs from this place. The sales people were not at all pushy and really just let you look around and take everything in. Most of the items here cost thousands of dollars so it could be an opportunity to try and push a sale on you but they seemed to understand the fact that most people are probably just looking. I saw some big ticket items that caught my eye and I will more likely than not order one I just cannot decide which one. An investment that size I want to make the most profitable choice. I still had a great time shopping there and looking around though. When I was ready to leave the cashier was nice and polite and got me on my way. It was a pretty normal experience though, nothing remarkable.  I will be back for sure.
