4	Tiny little shop tucked away on the corner Flamingo and Koval.  Very busy for such a out of the way spot.  It must be the tourists.Cannot miss out with any 7-eleven, there is foundtain drinks for everyone's taste, and any size you want.  You can add the flavorings like lemon, cherry and vanilla, or just go straight up.  I love the convenience of stopping in and picking up my big gulp for the day, I sip on it all morning, and get refill on the way home.  Wish I had a soda foundation at home!If you aren't into soda, there are tons of other drinks available, I don't drink cofffe but have been told by many, it's not bad.  And when it's 110 degrees outside, the slurpee hits the spot, just watch our for the head freeze!  There's even crystal light for those carb watchers!And of course there are the other incidentals available to temp you, like snickers and donuts, chips and taquito's, alcohol and tobacco.  So what ever your vice, 7-eleven would probably have it.
3	It's a 7-Eleven so nothing to get all that excited about.  I will say this though, there are some strange characters that are in this particular place at midnight on a Thursday evening.After making the drive from SD to LV we decided that a  cold beer would do the trick to take the edge off of a 5 hour drive so off I go to find the nearest convenience store.  This just happened to be the closest to where we were staying so off I go.Plenty of people loitering out front as I drove up.  One woman had a dress so short I wasn't sure if it was a dress or a hat.  I suspect she may have been working??Regardless, the staff was cool, found what I needed and got the heck out of there.
4	Typical 7/11 stuff with a good variety and selection of beers and wine!  The location is a little hidden because its not on the exact corner of Koval and Flamingo.
4	The guy that helped me doesn't speak English well but he was very courteous and helpful about everything.
5	typical 7-11 full of drunk people from the vegas strip good place to find a taxi if you need a ride had to stop here to get water and coke for the bottle we had in the room
4	This is my go-to for snacks and light bites when I'm at the Westin or Ellis Island.  It's a little tucked back from the street, but always busy when I go there.I get the sandwiches (I know, I know - yuk and unhealthy, but they are filling) and bottles of water. The workers are friendly and usually milling about, restocking or cleaning up.
4	Love this location great for picking up a quick 6 pack and hitting the strip or head over to Ellis island for the rib and chicken combo.
2	Franchised location meaning that just because 7 eleven have it, this one might not. Can be confusing. Once I brought in my super gulp to refill it but they charge differently. Not a big deal, but makes me wonder what else is different.
