4	If you are looking for an accessible spot to go pumpkin picking, definitely check out Hodges Farm and Pumpkin Patch. We headed out there with the kids last weekend - it was just chilly enough to feel like a nice fall day! The kids had a blast picking out the perfect pumpkins and then we warmed up a bit with some hot cider while we wandered around to look at the animals - a couple of pigs, horses, goats, cows, and chickens. It is a small spot but definitely enough to keep your little people busy for a little visit. A few caveats ... you can pay with a credit card for the pumpkins but they essentially ask you to name your own price. It was a little bit odd. They have example pricing but, in the end, they ask you what you think you should pay. Hmmm... If you want something like a hot dog or caramel corn from one of the slightly sketchy vendors, you must pay in cash. Cider and hot chocolate was wrapped into the pumpkin charge for us so we were off the hook for other treats. If you buy your pumpkins here, they will give you a $5 off coupon to come back and get your Christmas tree.
4	Visited hodges farm on the first weekend of October.  My mom was visiting and we wanted to do something different and fall related being that she lives in Miami where things like these are non-existent.  We arrived around noon-ish on Saturday and the farm was pretty full.  Entrance was free.  Parking spaces were surrounded by a field of sunflower.  Loved that!  Pumpkin patch was large and filled with nice pumpkins of all sizes. A small hay maze for the kids was at the entrance.  My daughter loved the pony ride (extra money) which wasn't really a pony but a horse!  That was a great experience for her and for us as well.  There were a few venders selling their products but we didn't bring any cash (fail on our part) do we were unable to buy some of the local products being sold.  I did get myself a bottle of local wine and some local honey from the farm as those vendors did accept credit cards.  Overall is was a nice experience.  My daughter enjoyed it as did the adults.  Pumpkins were reasonably priced.  They offer hay rides but we passed in that.
4	Free entrance, free access to some of the stables, and you get to choose the price of your pumpkin according to the size of your pumpkin and the sample pumpkins.I thought it was more than decent considering the fact that it's right outside of Charlotte city limits. It is really just past the city limit so for those living in Uptown or above, it's a quick ride up.
