2	Gluten Free/Allergy Sensitive (menu on-line)It was clean and the service was good but, the food was medicore at best. If you can't have a great cheeseburger at a steak house then you have problems.
2	Maybe I'm spoiled by the Longhorn near my house, which is always good...When I arrived at 7:30pm on a Sunday evening, I was treated as if the restaurant was about to close.  The hostess was very short with me and my date.  She walked us to a table, dropped the menus, and walked away.The server (never told us his name) came by the table and got our drink order.  No personality and didn't make us feel welcome.  We ordered eventually.  No personality, still.  (Are they closing soon?)Dinner arrived and my steak didn't taste right.  My date didn't like her steak either.  The manager came by and offered next to nothing to make things right.  I eventually requested some A1 and dowsed my steak in that.The best part of dinner was the sweet tea.
2	C'mon folks, w/all the great places to get a steak in the Charlotte area, from Longhorn pricing to high dollar steaks elsewhere, why is ANYONE going to Longhorn??...its never been more than an "OK" steakhouse at its best, and that locations glory days, so to speak, have been in its rearview mirror for probably 5+ years.....
2	i used to work at this location in high school - back then it was great food and a fun atmosphere. Things have really slipped since then though. They drowned my salad in ranch dressing and cheese....  I thought it was supposed to be a healthy dish (?)....My sweet tea wasn't sweet at all, which was UBER disappointing for me because I hadn't had sweet tea in 8 months because I moved up north...My soup was alright - French Onion - pretty standard. My friend enjoyed his meal though so that was cool. But he wanted to satisfy a sweet tooth after his lunch and the server never suggested desert. He suggested everything else that we ddin't want but I guess he just gave up and figured we wouldn't want it anyway. Nothing great and I wouldn't go out of my way to go there again...
4	Prior to this visit , I was a Longhorn virgin.  So to be fair, this review is based only on my very first visit which was good and I'd go back if I could press replay on this visit.That being said, I am surprised by the low rating here. Three of us shared the Texas onion (similar to OB bloomin onion) but we liked this version better.Wild west shrimp was also shared. Cherry peppers gave it a nice zing.Salads that came with the entrees were fresh and big. Had we known it came already dressed, we would have asked for it on the side.But it was a perfect amount anyway.I had the porterhouse, great, cooked the way I like it. Nice tender ,flavorful. Mashed taters were good.Friend had filet (7oz.) again, tender,cooked the way requested, good. Served with giant loaded baked potato.Last dish was a new menu item ( I don't know how new, like I said this was my first visit.)Parmesan crusted chicken . Menu states " two juicy chicken breasts grilled and topped with parmesan cheese and garlic crust." Surprisingly, It was described just as it was served. She enjoyed it!Service was great ! So much to the fact when the manager came over to check in and see if we enjoyed our dinner , I made a point to compliment the excellent service.( I'm sure the verbal compliment was just the icing on the cake. The real compliment was the nice tip I left !I'm not sure if they have a lunch menu But I did notice the dessert menu.None of us had room for dessert.The place is big and looked as if it had a private dining spot.Listen, I am not a steak house aficionado.But based on this visit, I like Longhorn chain better then O.B and L.S.
1	We like Longhorn, but not this location.  The service here is mediocre at best.  Tonight it took 10 minutes to order drinkes at the bar, 10 more minutes to get them and 10 minutes when we had to pay to go to our table.  When we go to the table, it was not ready for us to sit and we had to wait until cleanup was finished. When we eventually got the appetizer the bread, there were no plates around.  10 more minutes to get plates.When the food finally arrived, there was only a passing similarity between the menu pictures and what we received. My Caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland.Worst experience in a long time.
1	Let me preface this by saying I only came here because I was given a gift card. After reading the reviews I was less than excited, but hell, it was going to be free! Got to the restaurant around 4:45 for an early dinner. Walked in, there were about 5 parties sitting in a very full waiting room. No employee visible, the hostess stand deserted. The only employee I could see in the entire restaurant was the bartender!After waiting for about 5, a girl came up, and asked how many in our party. I responded "two of us, but is there a wait??" She responds, "yes at least 10-15 minutes".At this point I look around the restaurant, way more empty tables then full. Like David K stated, I understand the shifts and seating requirements in a restaurant, but customer service and perception is always #1. Needless to say, I walked out before we were seated, fearing what could come of this experience. From the other reviews it seems I didn't miss anything. Seems it all boils down to poor management. It is not the employees fault if the manager has no clue how to run a business.
4	This is based on my last visit , as I had almost given up on Longhorn after a previous BAD experience since the new renovations and menu change.For starter's if you have NOT been to longhorn within the last year, they have a whole new menu, the prices have increased, and there is no more value menu.We usually do call ahead seating when eating out, but this time we opted for "let's just see how busy they are", because if it was anything like our last visit the place should be empty.  Upon entering the door, the wait was approx 20 min, but I spoke to the host, and while it was just two of us, we opted for any seats that were available.  We were immediately sat, and we were seated right next to the kitchen. (Usually this is the worst seat in any restaurant).  We were greeted by our server, "Chuck" he was very friendly, and promptly took our drink order.  The bread was quickly brought to the table which was still very warm, and the butter melted with ease. At this time I looked over the menu, and opted for the (limited time only special ) Rainbow Trout w/ Shrimp / Lobster Filling w/ Rice Pilaf and House Salad.  I have added a photo of the meal.My wife had the Filet Mignon, with steamed vegetables and a house salad.  It was cooked perfectly, and the vegetables were awesome.  We were very pleasantly surprised.My meal with the trout was excellent, and I was very excited that this location finally put GOOD SERVICE, and a GOOD MEAL together at the same time.After this visit, I give them a four, because the server, who was stationed right beside us (at the kitchen door) was right on top of the service, with drinks, and with removing the dishes as they were emptied.We skipped on the dessert this time, as we were very full from our meal.  but we what saw pass by us, looked very enticing.I am all about second chances, and this was a redeeming factor for this location.Kudos to the management, and to our wonderful server "Chuck".We will be back, and would recommend giving these folks a try.Best Regards,NCFoodGuy
5	GREAT steaks, prepared just the way it was ordered. Highly recommend the Portabello mushroom steak. Fast, friendly service.
3	The only reason I went with my wife was because their management sent me a gift card as a sorry note because one of their waiting staff mistreated us at another restaurant location.Really convenient location right next to the mall, which I think is why this place does OK. Place was packed at 7 PM, but the service was great - we were immediately seated, got our drinks (and timely refills) and our food was brought out in a timely fashion as well. Overall a very decent experience.The reason for the 3 star experience is not because I'm docking this particular restaurant for doing something wrong, but instead rating this restaurant compared to the other Steakhouses I've dined at. This place is average at best.
3	The restaurant and corporate did follow up with me. They sent a letter of apology, refunded the overcharge, and gave us a decent gift card to give them another chance. My wife and I were hesitant to use the gift card at this location, but that's what we ended up doing. That visit was definitely better than the previous one. For the response to my complaint, I thank the management and corporate office for their sincere concern and willingness to make the situation better. They did all this within a month of that first fateful visit. I know this was a year ago, but I thought it would only be fair to them to post a follow-up to my scathing review.Based on the second visit, it may not be the best steak house in the area, but we would go back again if we hadn't moved out of the area.
5	Don't let a good place down.  Longhorn consistently provides a good value and great food.I had to drive a few minutes from downtown to get here, it's near the BestBuy in a mall area.  Classic exterior and very nice interior with a comfortable bar area and large dining areas, which would be great for a company function or family dinner.Personally I like their Salmon and Sierra Chicken meals more than their steaks, but when I have had a steak it is top quality.  I think their grilled chicken is the best anywhere.  Choices of sides and a salad for a reasonable price.Definitely will be returning to this location.
4	My son and I dined here recently.  He's a steak fan and I was looking for something he would eat!  My son ordered a Rib eye (standard) and I ordered the Parmesan Encrusted Chicken w/ a sweet potato and veggies.Our meal was prepared well and it didn't take very long.  My son's steak was cooked properly and since he "woofed" it down, I suppose it was pretty good!My Parmesan chicken was excellent.  There were two pieces on the plate so I was quite satisfied with the serving size.  The sweet potato was average in size and properly cooked (baked); not burnt.  I always look for the fresh veggie sides these days and Longhorn didn't disappoint.  Very tasty!We were very pleased with the service!  Our waitress kept our beverages filled and was most attentive!
4	Great steaks for the price. Always good service. Don't get me wrong, they aren't the greatest steak place. But the best in the affordable/causal range.
5	For us minions who can't afford places like Sullivan's and Ruth's Chris......this is easily the best steakhouse around. My wife and I have gone to all the other middle class steakhouses (Lonestar, Texas Roadhouse etc.) and this is our favorite. The steak is always juicy and cooked perfectly and their sides don't taste like they were nuked in the microwave. Try the Rancher Sirloin with the bacons, sunny side egg, and hollandaise. It's awesome.
4	Dinner last night at bar. Actually a great steak with super service. Enjoyed. Wasn't too crowded and surprisingly quiet. Recommended.
4	Awesome burgers and fries. Add a cold beer to it and youre set! if you drink that is. :)
4	All the guys in our family love steak, so this has always been a destination for my family and I just for casual dining on a Sunday night.  The waiters are always pleasant and even conversational, and they're really on top of things.  The sides and salads are great, and the steaks are cooked just the way we each prefer.  The flavor of the steaks are just okay though, mine personally was a bit too salty last time.  But it doesn't take away that this is still a great place to be a repeat customer at.
4	We ordered the lobster and shrimp dip. We had to send it back twice because it was too cheeseeeee.. yes!! The chips kept breaking whenever we dipped it in the sauce because the cheese made it to heavy. They ended up taking it off the bill. We then tried the parmesan chicken and bake potato. It was gooood!!! It was enough for two to share.
5	The staff was on point, we had a large group of eight dinning out last Friday.  The waitress moved quickly ensuring everyone had an enjoyable evening.  I had the parmesan encrusted mushroom sirloin steak, it was tender with wonderful flavor and properly cooked to requested medium well.  But, at the other end of the table my family member enjoyed a steak cooked to medium rare, a true sign your at a good steak house to me is the steak cooked the way you order it!!  YUMMY eats!!!
4	Absolutely wonderful service and the Half Shredded Prime Rib Sandwich and Loaded (and I do mean loaded) potato soup is stupendous
2	This used to be my favorite steak house in Charlotte.  It's really gone downhill lately.  The last 2 times I've eaten here the prime rib was still cold.  I told the waiter to take it back and cook it some more.  He brought it back STILL COLD.  I realize prime rib is best rare, but this guy just didn't get it.  Nice waitresses and free peanuts though.
5	Love this place. Eat here once a week. Great food staff and the place is clean. 5 star because there is nothing negative that you can say.
1	The meal was good.  The usual, chain steakhouse quality. ... except the 18 oz rib eye came with a 5 oz bone in it.....Typically the servers are at least attentive at the longhorn.  Today our server would have preferred she didn't have people to wait on.  The restaurant wasn't busy but getting a new drink was almost impossible....and you better be satisfied with the old mug cause getting a new frosty mug with the 2nd beer was not going to happen.
2	They get two for the great service but everything else was not so good. I had a ribeye which was cooked to the right temperature. It was seasoned with a TON of salt and a pound of butter. Sweet potato also had too much butter. My gf got the lobster chops the lobster was overcooked and tough to get out of the shell. It should be easy when it comes split already right? Her corn on the cob was undercooked. So all in all the service is good but the food sucks. We will not be coming back again.
4	Consistency is what I like about Long Horn. Still the best place for a steak under $25 anywhere. Even their sirloins are great and you can mostly cut with a fork. The Filets you can always cut with a fork.  A dash of salt and pepper is all I ever need to put on their steaks.The salads at Long Horn, this is where they need to step up their game. Let's do something other than ice berg lettuce guys!
2	We got here a little before 5 PM hoping to beat the crowd and not have to wait to be seated-The place was empty except for the 5 or 6 parties ahead of us in the waiting area who made the same mistake-We were expected to happily wait until 5 when more servers would start work-We left.Don't pretend to be open and not be ready to serve hungry customers!I like the food here and think it's a pretty good value for the $60 or so we spend for the two of us,but there's lots of other places to spend that money-
4	Service was still excellent, I ordered the outlaw ribeye my gf ordered the salmon. Both were cooked perfect and my steak was seasoned perfect. Thank you to the staff for giving us the gift card. We will deffinetly be back in the future. It must have been an off night before.
3	Hostess was very nice. Sat at the bar, usually you get impeccable se4vice sitting there.Took almost 5mins before being noticed and never by the other one. Received drink order and was able to order dinner in a timely matter.Received food and had to find our own salt and pepper shakers.  Then almost done with steak and finally bartender comes to check on us...wanted a steak sauce. Then to wait on the bill.You would think they were swamped being Saturday night at 9 but not really, 1/2 the bar empty.
2	The meal was Filet, with asparagus and salad though right now I am not eating oil of any kind so the salad was not an option - I opted for the grilled shrimp instead ... Steak was delicious - the asparagus was cooked to death and worn out and the grilled shrimp was good though the manager wanted no part of offering any consideration of discount for the salad I didn't order ... Long story short - go to Outback Steakhouse right around the corner and get treated remarkable and get food you want with no hassles mate ! Won't make this mistake again - too many choices in Charlotte to have to dicker over $6.00 !  Outback would not only have accommodated my request but would have checked to make sure I was happy ... Longhorn was NOT crowded - hum. ... Probably why ... Carlos the manager is cheap and not customer friendly !
5	Being apart of  the Darden company I knew what to expect which was great service. My family received just that. Ashley was our server and she was awesome. Our food was nice and hot and was on time. Thank you Longhorn family!!!
2	9/7/2014 Went here for late lunch with a friend after running errands near the mall. I've been here at this location a few times before with great results. Today not so much. Our server Jeff was the worst waitstaff I've encountered in many years.could never find him, and when we did was having conversation with other female employee. had to get up and find my own pepper mill that had something in it. had to ask the hostess several times for assistance. 15 minutes after order our salads come, I needed more dressing so we had to search him out in the place because we couldn't see him anywhere fro over 5 minutes. after 45 MORE minutes our meals came. I ordered the parmesan crusted ribeye, med rare and the French onion soup. she ordered the ribeye as well and I don't remember what side. my steak was cool (not cold) and over done to a medium ALSO the cheese on my soup had solidified! so this tells me that our meals SAT in the back so long they got cold. my friends meal was also cool - all of it!She said NOTHING but by now I am pissed off, the guy never refilled our drinks - we had to ask for others to get it and by the time he remembered we had probably needed a refill we were already done drinking half of what the last person we begged for liquid from gave us. I told the hostess that this guy needs a lot more training because he is the worse server I have ever come across, I FIRED servers who weren't this bad when I was a head waitress for 2 years!the only reason WHY this place got 2 stars is because of the manager (Alberto I think his name was) came over and I showed him my meal, told him of all the issues we had, but what I was most disappointed with is the obvious WAIT time to get the cold food- which was NOT the kitchens fault. He personally promised to go cook my steak himself (he said it just takes 8 minutes!) WOW then Jeff should explain the 45 minutes we waited for our 8 minute steaks. (keep in mind there was only about 4 tables occupied, including ours, in the whole place)finally finished our meals and we would've left $1 tip instead of the $5 bill, but that was the smallest bill we had and we had to leave. And this arrogant little dude is going to come over and start making excuses to us? says he was doing all he could to help us? that he didn't know there was a problem? that he had been there 3 months and never had a complaint? (well the manager said he had been there 1 month- I believe the manager) and maybe SO JEFF no one complained- ya know what most PEPLE DONT- they just DON'T come back!
5	Omgoodness! Went with the other reviews and tried Genaro's. This was some of the best food ever and we eat out a lot, everywhere and all cuisines. The rotisserie chicken held up to the reviews as the BEST we've  ever had! The sauces were crazy fantastic too. From the Aguadito soup to the plantains to the cilantro rice to the most awesome Tres Leches. Wow. If you're in the area or anywhere  near Pineville, NC definitely recommend. Service and recommendations  from Luis were greatly appreciated  as well. 5 stars. We are bookmarking  this one and are so happy it's only 1/2 hour away:-)
