5	Did you know you can go online, select a vehicle, call or email the dealership for an appointment and be in and out in less than 45 minutes with your new vehicle? Of course most people don't. Traditional car dealers want you to believe it is much more complicated than that. Most people fear car dealerships. I'm not gonna tell you we are the best. I prefer you make that decision. I will tell you that Avondale Scion is everything but ordinary. Don't take my word for it, come experience for yourself.
5	Carlos was amazing from first contact! Unbelievable experience! Every single one of our  combined 17  prior vehicle purchases left us in frustration and anxiety. This 1 at Scion was so easy I almost question weather or not I actually just bought my FRS.It was THAT easy no finance managers haggling back and forth stressing me out and eventually pissing me off...what you see is what you get ..end...of...story!  In all seriousness it is by far THE MOST relaxed I've ever been when making a large purchase. 45 minutes deal was DONE!! No more camping out at a dealership to make a purchase. I highly recommend Avondale Scion and extra highly recommend Carlos Slobig as your sales manager he was absolutely awesome! Thank you Carlos! I LOVE my car! Nikki and Bobby
5	A very clean, inviting,  positive and honest dealership. I had a fairly serious back injury which required me to trade in my awesome 2013 Scion tC because it was too low to get in and out of and caused a lot of pain and possible re-injury.  I did not want to part with this fun, reliable and sexy car at all.  I did some preliminary research online while I was borrowing a family members car. I filled out an online form regarding a car on their used lot. I received a prompt and friendly response from Jose via email.  We coordinated via email for about a day and set an appointment. Jose was very helpful,  re-assuring, genuine and professional. My family members and friends will hear all about my experience. They have earned my trust in the service department with my previous vehicle and now sales with my new vehicle.
