5	The service at this location is always excellent.  The staff is practically falling all over themselves to be helpful.  If I wait for something more than a minute, I get profuse apologies.  We used their safety deposit box service which worked very well for us, and was always very easy to access.  ATMs are well-maintained.
5	I cannot believe I am yelping about a bank, but here is why. About 6 years ago I was with another Squirrel Hill bank. I swore up and down that these guys new what customer service is...The I moved to PNC. I was wrong about my bank. At this branch:-You get a greeting EVERY TIME you walk in. If the desk welcomer isn't there, through ESP or something, a non-teller employee will shoot you a very happy greeting.-A bank sans tellers? Not here. On heavy days with 80 year old women cashing in their change and annoying housewives withdrawing their weekly doctor allowance, you will not be waiting more than a few minutes because they always got people working. Also they are freaking so sweet your teeth hurt when you're done.-Forgot your account number? Give 'em your debit card and they will fill out a deposit slip for you.-Ascetics...This place looks like Gringotts from Harry Potter, but no ugly goblins here. The staff is clean-cut, void of open lesions and make you want to work there just for the dress code..-You're family not a customer. I get calls from them about once every 2 months (not annoying, but don't feel ignored) to diversify my money. Want to say "no", no worries. But, PNC feels like they actually care...yeah! they care.-Lollipops!!!! Oh yeah!!!! As if saying "We will do everything for you to the best of our ability, but have a treat on us" this bank (and I think a lot of PNC banks) give you an old fashioned lolly to take with you. Good ol' customer service.A+++++ I will never use another branch or bank!
1	I was a customer for over 20 years until they charged me $158 for a $40 over draft. The problem is, it took them 10 days to send me a letter to inform me that I over drafted and then charged me every day. Considering that you have my email and phone number it would've been nice of you to inform me immediately that my account was overdrawn. Customer service is a joke and I had to call twice and leave a message plus email them to get a call back. Go somewhere else. Congrats PNC you lost yourself a customer.
3	I have only use the ATM at this location. They have two, one under a roof and one on the street level. I think that both should be under the roof, because this is PGH and most of the time it is raining or snowing, but other than that it is A-OK.
1	All banks conduct legalized fraud, but PNC does it under the radar.  This review has been a long time coming, but unfortunately, you won't care what I say until it happens to you. :)  Let's start with ATM's, you wanna use one?  Then you better use a PNC or an extra $2.50+ fee will be added on top of what ever the other ATM charges you.  That's right, lets say your in Tokyo (only 1 bank in the heart of Tokyo will accept your card anyway,  all others will fail ) and they say $5.00 fee (in Yen), well PNC will tag on their own $2.50+ just because they can.  What dicks you say? well let me also say another thing about international travel.  DON'T USE YOUR PNC CARD INTERNATIONALLY.  PNC uses Visa which they decided to set a 3% charge too.  So spend $100 PNC will take $3, ON EVERY PURCHASE.  My previous international travel bank Fidelity has since sold out, but before they only charged a 1% fee.  Before you laugh and giggle about pocket change then picture this.  International at that you can only pull out up to $200 from, sub-track 10% (3%+ ATM Fees) of that and realize that it goes directly into the pockets of your financial institution, of which your money is supposed to keep afloat while they rob you blind any which way they can.Sheetz ATM surcharge free?  Think again, Sheetz won't charge you, but PNC will.
5	The squirrel Hill branch is great. From the manager down to the tellers they  care and are professional and get the work done. Their online banking is far superior to any of the other banks out there I'm a big believer in having my bank be professional and responsive as im trusting the bank with my money. Their online banking interface is great with Quicken.
