4	Great place to get some delicious candy as gifts (or for yourself).  Cerreta is a real 'candy factory' and you can take a tour and watch how it's made.  It would be a great place to take kids.  Ooh, their chocolates are so goood!
4	The Cerreta Candy Company is an old family owned business, founded 30 years ago. Located in Historic Downtown Glendale's Murphy Park.They aren't just a retail outlet -- no, this is the actual factory, folks! They offer free factory tours, and sampling is encouraged. It makes for a very unique date idea. And it's a great place to take the kids, or out-of-town visitors. I give Cerreta 4 stars for their chocolate, and 5 stars for the experience. If you've never been, you really should try it.
4	Me and Cerreta's have got some history. Probably because I grew up in Glendale, which is filled with boring suburbs of cookie cutter homes surrounded by six foot concrete security gates that house dysfunctional 2.5 kiddo families and promote a sense of community as deep as a valley girl's vocabulary.So any time we visited cutesy pootsy downtown Glendale it was a memorable experience.I've toured the factory multiple times and regardless of age, childlike glee paints the face of every person in the tour group. You'll be thrilled by chocolate rivers, marshmallow clouds, edible buttercups and small orange creatures with violent green hair and a penchant for bursting into songs that have afterschool special messages tacked onto the end. Well not really, but it's as close to Willy Wonka as you're getting here in the Valley.Free tours on the half hour and sampling to your heart's content! Try the rectangular green ones. They're mint truffles and arguably the best I've had. Eat it Andes!! But I'm biased. I grew up with Cerreta. I stole their individually wrapped chocolates from the bins at Bashas. I went to high school with their daughter Candy--who's as sweet as her namesake. I'm a die hard fan of these home grown chocolatiers, and there isn't any other place I'd rather go to rekindle a bit of childhood nostalgia.It's good family fun, a great date idea, or a nice distraction for the babysitters/aunties/grandmas out there (cuz you'll want to give the kids back right after they o'd on sugar).You do get an unlabeled grab bag when you purchase a mixture of chocolates, but just channel the ingenuity of the young. Poke a hole in the bottom of each one with your finger. Viola! Problem solved!
4	Having survived a truly awful day, I found myself mindlessly running errands. Up on the right, I see the sign - Cerreta Candy Factory. Seriously my luck must be changing!Cerreta's has been in operation for over 70 years in the bird and I was one of the lucky few that grew up close to their old location. I remember  tottaling through the aisles at my mothers apron strings and being mesmerized by the gigantic machines and huge vats of candies. It was like being in my own version of Willie Wonka (sans creepy blueberry girl and cowboy kid - ok I was always intrigued by the Oompa Loompa's, but I digress).As an adult, I resurrected my relationship with Cerreta's when I found myself in need of "you can't find this everywhere" gifts for clients. The staff is super friendly, are always willing to answer questions and will throw together the most scrumptious gift baskets in no time flat.Their chocolate doesn't rival Maison du Chocolat (but seriously nothing in this world compares to that standard), but it is decent and supporting a local business that has such a remarkable history is always a good thing.Twenty minutes after entering a beaten woman, I re-emerged with a smile on my face, a spring in my step and one of Mr. C's Praline Patties hanging from my lips -- life is good!Oh and before anyone jumps to conclusions of judgment, I checked and Cerreta's doesn't use any trans-fat in their products. Three cheers for healthy chocolate... ahem... well relatively speaking.  : )
5	What's not to love in a chocolate factory? Cerreta's is just that - a local choc. and candy factory that is still family owned and operated. You can tour the factory and try the wares on site. The chocolates are good. Not the best I've had (i could write an ode to vosges, whose nearest outlet is in vegas), but better than your average mall find. The french mints are a must-try! You can walk down the row of wares, creating your own mix all while the scent of chocolate wafts throughout the store. Be sure to keep track of what you are buying, or at home it becomes a surprise grab bag. The caramels are also excellent - I actually liked them better than the chocolates - and come in a bunch of flavors - espresso, chocolate, amaretto, etc. Cerreta's also has taffy made on site which comes in some AZ-inspired flavors such as saguaro and prickly pear. A fun stop for all, and would def. make a great local gift.
4	Went to Cerreta's with my two daughters. They can't appreciate the humor in the machine that is a duplicate of the one in the famous I Love Lucy episode, but they sure do appreciate the white chocolate with red drizzle covered pretzles the machine was pumping out.I love taking this short but interesting tour through the factory. Where else are you gonna see ten-pound bars of chocolate? Or a 7 foot high chocolate heart? Or a 300-lb chocolate football?The factory does open house tours regularly, but I usually only end up in Glendale for Glendale Glitters or Chocolate Affaire.If you find yourself in Glendale, stop by. Lots of fun!
5	Made the trek from Mesa many times over the years.  Brought out of town family, scouts and just for fun with the kids.  It is always enjoyable.  Do try to get there during the week as they will actually be making yummy confections - otherwise you get an older, dark video to watch.  Either way - the chocolates are YUMMY!  My fave are the carmels!!  Hubby's fave are the  green cho. mints.  We even included them in our wedding favors that took place in NH.
4	Ive been coming to Cerreta for 20 years. Walking through the doors and smelling that sweet candy air brings back memories that cant ever be replaced. They have so much candy to choose from and if your not sure if you will like it the staff will offer you samples. The only problem is every time I'm in there I cant leave without spending $40.00. If you do make it in there be sure to try the french mint. You will be glad you did.
3	8/11/09Finally visited!  I've wanted to check out Cerreta's since I moved to the valley...  I expected it to be huge and bustling with people, but there were only about two to four customers there when I arrived (around 4:30pm).  Definitely more employees than there were customers.  The layout of the merchandise area also made me feel like I was in someone's unfinished basement, where a few tables were set up and piles of chocolates were just laid out haphazardly. The Godiva chocolate and company merchandise areas of Barnes & Noble's cafe at the Chandler Fashion Center blow this store out of the water in presentation and organization, if that says anything to you at all...  Heck, even the simple layout design of Cucina Olive Oils is much more inviting...Sampled some of the truffles (the rectangular green mint ones are EXACTLY like Fannie May Mint Meltaways I had tried back in Chicago years ago).  Liked how I could pick and choose the amount and variety and then pay per pound!  Wished there were more chocolate varieties (truffles, bars, pretzels), though.  I'm surprised not to find any chocolate-covered grahams, or even smore's in their inventory.  The chocolate-covered pretzels were OK, although a bit too salty for me, but that's usually the deal with chocolate pretzels here in the US, isn't it?  For diabetics and dieters, there are sugar-free selections, but these are very limited, in amount and, most importantly, in variety (I counted maybe 5 or 6 flavors).  Currently, there are two daily tours, at a going rate of $7 per person, which include a complimentary personal-sized create-your-own chocolate pizza (just like you can make your own chocolate pizzas at the annual Glendale Chocolate Affaire, hosted by Cerreta's, no less, at the park nearby).  As of visit's date, the tour runs for half an hour, and starts at 10a and 1p.
4	The name "Ceretta's" always brings a smile to my face.  It reminds me of school field trips, minty chocolates melting in your pocket, and the sweetness of a sugar high.At age 24, I've been coming here quite a lot!  For $10, you can get a pound of candy --- great for sharing with a friend or two!It's so nice to have our own local candy factory just a few miles away.  It never ceases to impress all my out-of-state friends and relatives!
4	While searching out Arizona companies I thought it would be appropriate to pay a visit to Cerreta Candy Company.  I saw on their website that there were daily tours of the facility so I was thinking that this would be a great way to see the place.  How can you go wrong touring a place that makes candy?Located in an old building near downtown Glendale you can't miss the place with its large sign out front.  On the inside it is a little outdated, but shouldn't detour anyone as I don't think it needs to be updated to stay with the times.  You come here to try and buy candy and that's about it.The tour lasts about a half hour getting to try chocolate covered pretzels as well as another piece of chocolate or two.  It's a great idea for kids with parents, but for adults you may want to skip or attend half of the tour.  It just becomes a little boring after a while.To my surprise you would think that chocolate was made here.  Actually all of their chocolate is imported from San Francisco.  Cerreta melts it down to make all of its creations.  I also noticed that the pretzels come from Los Angeles.  So much for a complete AZ made product, but oh well.The store is neat as you can buy whatever sort of chocolate candy you like.  I will pay a visit here again at some point and if you're up for a little something different in the Valley I'd recommend checking this place out.
4	I'd heard about this place a few times and wanted to go during Glendale Glitters, but was under the impression that it was just a little bit closer to the rest of historic downtown Glendale and couldn't convince my foot-sore friends to make the venture down that way. Finally made a point to go check it out during the Glitter and Glow block Party and was very happy with the experience. They let you try one chocolate and I swear, after that you want to try them all. Friendly staff and a fun nostalgic atmosphere. During the Glendale Chocolate Affair we did the short walk-through tour and found it interesting. Watch them hand dip strawberries, coat almonds and decorate pretzels. I'm impressed by their efficient combination of machinery and human workings. I'm also impressed with their selection of sugar-free sweets and will be back soon to purchase some for my diabetic father. I think it's worth a visit any time you are in the area.
5	I still have dreams about elementary school field trips to Ceretta's. I felt like an extra in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory when I was here with my classes. I have even gone back as an adult, and everything is exactly the way I remember! The rich smell of chocolate greets you in the parking lot, and by the time you enter the building you are literally salivating. The tours of the facility are interesting. The candy-making facts and tidbits of Arizona history make it a must for Valley newcomers. The store section of the building is neat, organized, and everything is clearly labeled. The chocolates are otherworldly, making the only problem with Ceretta's my lack of self-control!
1	I wish I hadn't wasted my time to drive all the way out to this factory.  When I pulled up I couldn't tell if it was open as the parking lot was empty (should have been my first clue).  It was about 2p on a Thursday and the factory part was done for the day I guess as no one was working.  No free samples just a decades old video going.  No employee greeted me or even noticed I was there.  BIG WASTE OF TIME!
5	Amazing!!!  I took my four boys yesterday.  We arrived at 9:40am and there were almost 50 people lined up for the presentation.  The lady doing the presentation was great.    It's educational, fun and tasty as they give you plenty of samples.  At the end of the tour, you can make a chocolate pizza.  The kids loved those and now that we are home, they are really enjoying them.
5	Ive been to a few different other chocolate places and this is the Best!!Its hard to find anything bad here.If you love chocolate you have to come here if your in Phoenix.
4	It's definately not my favorite tasting chocolate, but it is really cute and it has my grandma's approval. We went on the free tour when she came to visit me and ended up buying a pound of the green mint chocolates for St. Patrick's Day. She liked them so much though she starting eating them early and had to replace them with a cake in Chicago. There are cute activities for kids and some interesting chocolate and popcorn  varieties. Chocolate covered jalepano anyone?
5	This is the gold standard for Carmel's. I love them!!!!  The nut logs and pralines are good too but it's the Carmel's that I crave. The other chocolates are good but the Carmel's are what are extra special. Be sure to try one as your free piece! I see mail order in my future!
3	I went here with a couple friends and all of our kids for a tour one morning.  I had tried to arrange it to go months before, for my step daughter's birthday but they only do the tours on weekdays so we couldn't coordinate it during the school year.  The other option would have been to arrange a "group tour" for $10/person which you can do if you have a party of 10 or more.  Then, you can set it up according to your schedule.The reason I was SO annoyed when we made the 40 minute drive from the east valley for this tour, was that there was an ENTIRE SCHOOL BUS of children doing the daily 10am tour with us.  Our kids couldn't see and they weren't able to pay attention at all.  But, we paid our $10 per kid and they each got to make a (really cute and exceptionally delicious) chocolate Christmas tree.  It just seems to me that the GIANT group of people could have scheduled their own private tour and let us get our $10 worth during the daily 10am tour.  Some positives: **You get to see the candy production in action when they let you walk through (not to be a downer again, but a lot of this was lost on our kids, since we were at the END of the enormous group of people.  By the time she finished explaining what was happening, we still had 40 people in front of us to see what she was talking about ).**The free samples were TO DIE FOR. I don't even LIKE candy and I literally stole candy from my baby (well, she's 3, but still...).  The caramel they handed out was so warm and delicious that I was actually tempted to buy them.**You can mix and match and buy the candy by the pound.  **Even though I don't like candy, and especially not sugar free candy, my mom (who is a diabetic) insists they have the best sugar free candy she's ever had, and always makes me buy it when I can get my hands on it.I think we'll go back here again sometime.  My girls had a ball decorating the chocolate trees.  However, I'll probably call ahead to make sure there aren't any large groups scheduled to be there at the same time as us.
2	I guess since im not a native from Arizona I dont see the big whoop in Cerreta Candy. They have some chocolates, they some caramels, they have some nuts. We did the tour through the factory and it was nothing special. The first 20 people in line got to actually learn about the candy. The rest of us got to walk by it and if we attempted to stop and look were told "OK! Let's move on people" nice! I would say the best tasting was the caramel.
3	I am a BIG chocolate lover! Who isn't? If you like candy this is a good place to start and visit while visiting the Glendale area.The store itself is well stocked and full of all types of wonderful treats. Most of it is purchased by the pound, but some of it is individually priced, depending on what you buy determines the price.Pretzel rod dipped in white chocolate with sprinkles (2 for $1.00) not bad!The staff leaves a lot to desire for the person coming in wanting a tour which is available daily at 10:00 and 1:00.Even though the tour is about 20-25 minutes long, you walk around the wall looking out on to the floor at a lot of machines. Out of 3 visits here, I have only had the opportunity to see 1 machine working. Most of the tour discusses the various candies and how they are made through the machines.One time I am going to catch them actually making something and than I will come back and re-rate this one :)
4	Cerreta is the Wonka of Arizona. Family owned candy production for over 40 years, they know candy making, and they do it well. Cerreta is also very involved with charitable causes in the community.Take your friends and family on a guided tour of the factory. Kids love it. The size of the factory is modest, so a tour does not involve extensive walking or much time. Call ahead to confirm that the factory will be in candy production during your visit.The Cerreta factory shop offers an assortment of chocolates and other candies that make excellent gifts for any occasion.
5	Want amazing chocolate? This place has it! Awesome selection and you can try any of the chocolates there. During the week they have a tour and sampling. Well worth it to go and fun for the kids. My favorites are: mint chocolate, naked camelbacks and their kettle style popcorn.
5	We loved this place! Great candy, great service and sooo entertaining. We did the VIP tasting and tour and it was worth every penny ($5 for the general tasting and tour, $10 for the VIP tour and chocolate pizza.) Love to see and support locally owned, family run businesses. Can't say enough good things about this place!
4	I enjoyed the small tour they have, and my daughter thouroughly enjoyed making a chocolate pizza. I am very impressed at the quality of candy. The french mint chocolates were my family's Favorite.
4	Went for a tour which was incredibly packed with daycares since it is the summer but the workers handled it lovely. Pay the $10 to make a chocolate pizza, it is worth it. The chocolate is amazing and there is a large selection to choose from!
4	Coming here is a like a time warp.  The factory machines have been here forever and the nostalgic feel is everywhere.  Oh and they did I mention they make mass quantities of sweets?  They make toffee, hard candy, lollipops and a bunch of stuff in between.  But let's be honest, its all about the chocolate.  I always have a brutal time selecting between the numerous choices on the shelf as there is just too much chocolate awesomeness everywhere.  So what do I do?  Grab a 1 or 2 pound box of assorted chocolates.  The boxes typically run between $10-$20 and they always have special treats depending on the holiday coming up (Halloween, Christmas, Valentines, etc.).  You can also grab individual pieces and even buy them by the pound.  All while you watch workers in the back make the chocolate from start to finish and wrap it fresh to put on the shelf.  There aren't too many places like this around anymore (particularly in the Phoenix area), and its nice to see an old mom and pop candy factory survive and thrive.  And of course not to be missed is Cerreta's annual celebration of all things chocolate:  The annual Glendale Chocolate Affaire every February.
5	I'm from San Antonio, Texas and never go to or through Phoenix without stopping at Cerreta Candy Company.  Of course I go home with a lot of good candy.
4	My 5th grade team and I brought our classes here for a free field trip.  Did I say free?  There were 150 of us and they were very accomodating...me?  I would have been freaked out to see that many kids walk in if I were them.  But they were kind, patient, and helpful.  We got to walk through the area where they were making white chocolate dipped pretzels, which is made using the same type of belt you see in the chocolate I Love Lucy episode.  Fun!Each student (and adult) receives a free sample as well.  We couldn't afford to get the $10 chocolate pizza or the $3 candy wrapping package.  But many of the kids, teachers, and chapperones shopped in the candy shoppe and grabbed some tasty treats.  I bought a pound or so of various chocolates to pass out to my kids.  While I was only able to try a couple pieces, they were definitely well-made.  This is one of those nice local gems that everyone, locally grown here in Arizona or not, should visit at least once.  It is worth the trip or two.
2	I lived in Glendale my whole life since birth and I never been here at all, so recently I went and took a trip to see what it was about since my friend loves there mint chocolate. Everything was so cute and looks so vintage like you stepped through time and was beautiful. The smell just hits you as you walk into the door it was such a strong chocolate smell which is a plus for anyone who is in love with chocolate. I love everything about it and being my first time here I was excited to see all the things. My friend got what she needed as I was looking around there was a younger girl who was very helpful and nice she wanted to help anyway she could, which I liked and after grabbing a few things I went up to the line, now this is where my experience goes sourI got up to the line and an older lady helped me check out she looked like she wasn't all too thrilled it seemed, and she was ringing up my order and ringed up a couple items wrong, the price I mean, and I told her that the price was wrong and she immediately told me I was wrong, she didn't even ask what sign did I see or anything she just immediately told me you are wrong and this is the right price and that's it, until I told her I didn't want the items anymore and I was going to go see the sign myself again which I did and after making a "fuss" about it she changed the price but continued to tell me that the higher price is actually right and she will correct the sign right away to the right price. I wasn't rude or anything to the lady I just accepted whatever she said to me. But being a customer I feel that it was poor service.Other than that the whole place was cute and nice until the whole price being wrong ruined my experienced.
4	Really liked this place. Nothing like fresh candy and what a variety! Not cheap but nothing is anymore. Loved the sea salt chocolate. Funny to see everyone walking out with their little bags. Almost impossible to visit and not leave with a pound of wonderful candy. Take the kids!
4	Nice locally owned and family operated candy factory. Tours 2x per day where you actually walk on their little production floor.  It's small but quaint and all the workers are family.  If you do the tour they give you a marshmallow dipped in white chocolate and a pretzel dipped as well a piece of cactus taffy.  Lots of samples available including sugar free. Not a bad place to stop if you are in the area.   Kids would like it for sure!!!
4	LOVE IT!  They are overly friendly to a point we were like OK.  LOL!  Love the smell that hits you in the face when you open the door.  CHOCOLATE!  POOW!  They had a lot of things to pick from.
3	Pretty packed for the middle of the day on a Thursday but then again, it's the day before Valentine's.  Not much has changed with this place, in so many years.  This is one of the only places that I can find Sweet and Spicy peanuts.  Honey Chipotle peanut to be specific. It's worth a stop in and check it out.  Parking is tricky if they are busy. It's in the old part of Glendale, just before downtown.
5	I love Cerreta's! They make the most yummy caramels, sweet pralines and awesome chocolate mints.  The factory feels like stepping back in time. I always try to support locally owned businesses over chains and Cerretas is family owned and operated! Support local and stay sweet!
5	I enjoy Cerreta's no sugar added caramels! I have Type I Diabetes for 31 years & for a treat my body can process their candies w/o giving my system distress. Face it we all deserve a special dessert during the holidays or on your birthday!    :)   Thx Cerreta's for your tasty candy. Note my family also likes the regular candy!
5	Great place to take the kids and see how different kinds of candies are made.  One interesting fact is that they import their chocolate from Guittard which is high quality chocolate.  Other than that, a lot of awesomeness comes out of this factory and you are welcome to take a free tour!
3	This is a local chocolate factory/store that gives tours of the facility.  This is an older facility, so If you are expecting a Willy Wonka type of tour...don't.  The tour is about 30 minutes and is free. They do offer a couple of samples. The ladies that work there are more than wonderful!
4	Awesome little candy store and candy factory! It's actually more of a chocolate shop than candy store. The prices are decent and the selection is better than okay. Not much else to say really.
5	Love this place!I was just there the other day and it puts a big smile on my face! I loaded up on my Christmas gifts there. The boxed chocolates are so pretty, many of them have the Arizona theme on the package. I love the boxed chocolates for people out of state that have the shapes of cowboy boots, cactus, star etc. it's such a cute gift! many of their candy is loose, individual wrapped and purchased by the pound, which is a nice way to try them. I love the old fashioned appeal of the store and the staff is so friendly, how refreshing to see! I hope they stay there for a long time businesses like this are hard to find! They even sell nuts, very reasonable too! Stop in you will love it!
