3	Not bad at all, but when you ask for a pastis at a supposedly French place and the waiter does not know what you're talking about that's a very bad sign. Then, I asked what rye whiskies they had. None. Hmm, not much of a bar to speak of. Their bourbon selection was good, but for a fancy place like this could have been much better. Yes, I'm a spirits snob but at a supposedly upscale bar they should have these sort of things. Everything was pretty good, especially the appetizers--the special, seared Ahi Tuna that day, seemed a little over-priced at $24. My friend had the coq au vin and it got rave reviews from everyone who tried it. Oh, and the server was good but he had other people bring out the and this one lady just shouted out what it was and you had to raise your hand. Kind of tacky for a nice restaurant. With good food though, definite room for improvement and I hope they work on their service and bar selection.
4	I really like this place... I have come here a few times with my mother for dinner.  It is always quiet, but the service is impeccable.  Whenever I come here I always pick a fish entree off the specials board and have never been dissappointed.
4	Pretty cool restaurant.  They have sushi too which totally threw me off but whatevs.  We did have some sushi apps, they were good but not as good as some other places.Our dinner entrees were really great though, we had 2 steaks, the salmon and the veal-- all of us were very happy with the food, and our server was super sweet and efficient.The bread they bring to the table was Excellent-- probably one of the best bread rolls I've had in a long time.  I pulled a granny move and asked to take the leftover rolls home.  I want to make mini sandwiches with them tomorrow for lunch.  Why waste good food? Eh?
2	Fenix is trying to ressurect itself during the flames of Summer heat in Arizona. We had read a menu of theirs online and were shaking our heads at the hodgepodge of options wondering what the main focus of this place was? Frankly the lack of focus kept us away. However one day we couldn't focus as diners and thought, "Hey we'll go to hodgepodge and there will be something we'll want." So we arrived at Fenix and as we were walking to the door noticed "WE NOW HAVE SUSHI." Oh dear, I thought they've added another specialty.  Inside the place was empty. The waitress greeted us politely and asked if we'd been here before. We hadn't. She said "Well we have a new menu, so there are some items not in stock." Not in stock were Rock Shrimp or Scallops. We would deal because we assumed there were plenty of other things. There weren't. The new menu was vastly simplified, a good thing, but the best items weren't available. The chef still listed specials from the old menu up on the chalk board. One of those items was not available. Is it too much to ask they erase the chalkboard if something is not available? A little frustrated we decided on the Maryland Crab Cakes and the Ribeye (there weren't any other steaks options or salmon or veal which had tempted me in Nadia's review) Unfortunately, after ordering we were informed they were also out of Maryland Crab Cakes. Stars are dropping here already and we didn't even have food. So we got Shrimp Tempura and Coq a vin and ordered a Yellowtail Sashimi.  Technically, the kitchen chef knows how to prepare dishes, but missing in every item was passion. No flair or sizzle, no substance, nothing to make the dish stand out and a few things to detract from the final product . Poorer quality base product seemed to be the culprit. Older mushrooms, frozen pearl onions, the wine in the coq a vin, the ribeye cut. the not fresh vegetables. Again things were textbook correct  but the base ingredients seems poor quality which was bringing down the final results of the dish, but the cost was for high end. The largest exception was the rolls, they were quite nice, hot tasty, sumptious rolls with sesame seeds. It seemed like the chef had been a Culinary Arts Institute graduate trying to run a restaurant. We were curious so we asked about his background. Tanzanian, worked in NY and London, ran some other places in the area, no names provided for anyplace. Hm. Really?In the case of the sashimi, things were reversed. the sushi chef was not technically skilled based on how they cut the sashimi up and down instead, but the fish was fresh. Very limited sushi selection, but fresh as I could tell. Then we asked for dessert. No menu, but she offered three items two of which she couldn't pronouce. The last one she said was like a chocolate Mousse. Deal! But it wasn't a chocolate mousse. It was two chocolate covered creampuffs. This place has potential, maybe they will get their sea-legs soon and stock the items on their menu. We'll need to return when we can afford to and see if they have good rock shrimp or scallops or crabcakes... or more customers. It was a nice enviroment. I wanted to give them more stars, as they are trying new things and people should give them a try, but they couldn't deliver the higher stars on our visit.
5	Fenix is the place to go! They now have a sushi menu and it is hands down the best sushi in the area! I went there the other day and I had the best Tuna that I have ever eaten, and the crab cakes are to die for, and don't forget the short ribs... actually everything I have had there has been great!Also they have a great wine list =) Since they have recreated their menu the prices are excellent too, nothing was over $30 and the average price is $15-$20
4	very delicious. very classical menu. we both had fish and it was excellent. the rolls are to die for. they have a nice selection of wine by the glass. the service was wift, we were the only ones in, and attentive.
1	Gosh, I really wanted to love this place.  I love the name and LOVE the location.  It had a nice little patio and nice ambience.  First thing I noticed when I sat down was how my arm stuck to some substance smeared on the table.  Bleggghhh!  Service was slow but nice.  My hubby had a hamburger, he wasn't impressed.  It looked greasy.  I had a tuna something or other.  I don't know, when you order tuna....you don't expect Starkist...and that's what it was.  Double Bleggghhhh!  I'm bummed.  Also saw the cook outside in front smoking on his break.  Strike three.
5	Great French food. Steak au poivre is fabulous.  Scallops and guyere app is to die for. Quiet and romantic. Nice bar.
5	let me just say that this place is a gem! the bartenders are super pretty and the food looks and tastes awesome! the mussels and steak Au poive are SO good! the well liquor is top shelf and the happy hour is a steal! $5 wine and great martinis as well as $5 paninis that are huge and come w a salad too {the dressing is addictive! the super pretty blonde behind the bar also told me they do events for local charities and she also plans party's.i had my birthday there and she took care of everything from the drinks to the DJ. the owner is a refined man and this bar actually cares about the city and its people on all levels. i love it!
