4	Big burritos, hormone free chicken, unfortunately too much rice...  Still, not a bad place. Lately, I'm addicted to the veggie salad with fajita veggies and guacamole.
5	I freaking love Chipotle. F the haters - I'm from Texas and while it's not authentic I would rather eat Chipotle than the majority of authentic Mexican places I've been to.
4	Agree with the too much rice comment.  This is a pretty good place.  I like the quality of the products, the price is really really reasonable as well.  The obvious comparison is to Qdoba (and I have to tell you, though I like both, I do think it is freaking obnoxious the way that Chipotle has decided to open up right next to all of the existing local Qdoba locations that were here first--i mean alls fair and all, but it is a d%ck move).   In any case the quality of the ingredients seems a cut above at Chipotle vis a vis Qdoba, but Qdoba has better overall menu variety and selection. I agree with the "non authentic issues as well." -- It is owned by McDonalds after all.  However, that said, I am not a culinary anthropologist.  If I was traveling to a far flung destination in Mexico, I would want to make sure that the food I was eating was authentic and true to the "experience" I was looking for.  When I am hunter gathering for dinner, I am interested in reasonable prices, and food that it just plain Yummy.  Chipotle qualifies.
4	Good luck finding authentic Mexican food in Pittsburgh!Chipotle hits the spot with it's consistent taste and quality. The wait is never too long during rush hour lunch, barbacoa is yummy and I'll never complain about too much rice. It is hard to find parking near by which can add 20 mins to your lunch, easily. And I don't think this Chipotle carries any beer.
4	Delicious!Pros:  i love Chipotle. The line is never long, and the service is good. Relatively good portion (though, I would love more rice). This one in particular makes sure the meat is lean and not fat.Cons: Parking and surrounding traffic.
4	I really like their food here!It's a tad pricey, but you get a whole lotta stuff in that burrito!  :)PROS:LARGE burritiosThe babacoa has enough kick (spice) in it for you AND me!delicious--always deliciousCONS:priceythey have cilantro in everything (blech!)the burrito shell will quit on you @ some point during the meal, so grab a fork too.My FAVE:Barbacoa bowl (no rice), double black beans with corn salsa, cheese, and a bit of sour cream
3	They have probably the best nachos supremo in the city. Their burrito is very filling and yummy. Everything made very fresh!
3	Pretty much the same as every other Chipotle which is pretty decent quality food at moderate prices. Not particularly large standard burritos but enough for an average person for lunch.Visiting from Seattle, I don't know about the local availability of more authentic Mexican fare, but everywhere else I have been have had much better and cheaper taco trucks and restaurants.
3	I think they put crack in the guacamole, its so damn addicting. Other than that, its nothing special.
4	Chipotle is the best place to get a fast food burrito in Pittsburgh, bar none. The ingredients are always tasty. I'm quite fond of the carnitas burrito with fajita veggies. Their cilantro lime rice is sooo good.You can't deny that Chipotle's business practices are incredible when compared to other businesses. While McDonald's basically controls the quality of beef, even in the grocery store, making sure what we get is cheap and tasteless, Chipotle goes the other direction and makes sure its ingredients are sustainable and free range. It's so easy for a chain to want to do things the quick and dirty way, I commend Chipotle for swimming upstream.Seriously, their burritos are tasty, they're better than most burritos you can find in the Mexican restaurants dotting Pittsburgh. Don't confuse sustainable and grass fed with healthy, however, one burrito will cost you 1500 calories.
5	Sadly this is the best burrito you can get in Pittsburgh (atleast in proximity to CMU).Standard Chipotle really.. everything gets tastier when its made in front of you.. thats what I think makes all Chipotle's so awesome.
5	I love the green jalepeno tabasco sauce that they have at Chipotle, its amazing with any burrito/burritobowl.  they are open till 10pm only on most nights while subway is open til 12am.  Other than pleasing the tastebuds Chipotle meals are extremely healthy filled with herbs, vegetables, healthy carbs...vitamins, minerals and fiber.  they are also a eco-conscious company and use organic and local produce when available.  I love their recent addition of the choice of brown rice instead of white rice.  You can't tell that you are eating brown rice.  If you'd like to keep the meal healthier, I would skip the sour cream, cheese and burrito wrap and pick a burrito bowl.  not trying to be a health freak but you just feel better when you eat healthier.  :)Pretty much one of my favorite places to get a meal in Oakland even tho it's a huge chain.
3	I've been to this Chipotle a decent amount of times, thanks to a $50 gift card from the relatives.  It's set in a very good location, so there are always people, and business is always booming (the help wanted sign has been on that window forever!).Standard Chipotle fare is always delicious, but if you come during the peak hours, don't be surprised when your burrito/burrito bowl is less than you would usually get at other Chipotle restaurants.  Seating is also a slight issue, so take it to-go.
5	I'm giving this Chipotle my elusive five-star rating today because time from the back of an out-the-door line to burrito counter was ~2 minutes.  MAD PROPS.Veggie burrito bowl...always delicious.  They are NOT stingy with the guacamole at this joint.
4	Chipotle is one of my favorite eateries for a quick lunch or dinner. Whether you want to eat there or get it to go, it is very accommodating. If you eat there, the music is nice, the condiments are well-kept, and the tables are plenty. The line generally moves quickly as well. The food is as good as it gets for Chipotle, although eating before 9PM is a good idea since the ingredients are much fresher.
4	This is my go-to for Mexican-American food in Oakland. It's a chain restaurant, so you can expect a similar experience to any other Chipotles that you have visited.The main reason I would recommend Chipotle over the other Mexican restaurants in the area is that this seems to be most students' favorite spot as well. This means that new customers are continuously being served throughout the day which means all the meats were prepared recently. Food is constantly on rotation, so you don't have to worry about ingredients being left out for too long.
4	Typical of most Chipotles, but they have the most efficient lunch operation I've seen. The place was almost full when I went in and the line was 15 deep, but it moved steadily and the preparers behind the bar were on the ball - and actually not rude, even though they were obviously slammed. Well done.
4	Great lunch spot-it is quick and cheap!  I usually go with the Burrito Bowl but do like the soft tacos (you get your choice of 3).  You pick a meat (I always go with chicken but they have steak, pork, etc), beans or rice (white or brown), cheese, lettuce, tomato, salsa choice, sour cream and guacamole can be added (extra charge for the guacamole).  They have take out or seats to sit down inside. It does get crowded for lunch and the lines are long but they move fast.  The ingredients are always fresh and they give nice portions.
5	I'd just like to give a shout-out to the Chipotle employee who helped me out today. I ordered my Burrito Bowl, got to the register to pay, and realized I'd left my wallet at my apartment. I got flustered and left to get it, promising to return. When I did return, the employee handed me my food, and when I tried to pay, he said nope, it's covered. He'd tried to tell me before I rushed out the door. Such a nice gesture, and as always, the food was delicious! I hope this comment doesn't prompt mass wallet forgetfulness, though. :)
3	Can I admit something?  I don't get all the hype about Chipotle.  Is it better than fast food? Yes.  Is it better than other "fast casual" places?  Depends... I'd say it's better than Qdoba, but on par with, say, Noodles & Co.I've patronized this location a few times (albeit not lately).  It's super-crowded at lunch, but the employees are efficient and the line moves fast.  I've only ever ordered the burritos here--which is what they're known for--and they've been fresh and tasty, but nothing worth really going out of my way for (hence the lack of recent visits).  Also, they're a calorie bomb, so think twice before indulging if you're trying to lose weight.  I like the guac, but I don't like the upcharge for it.If you want something different than the usual options, you can try ordering the secret menu options (e.g., quesorito, nachos). However, I'd recommend doing so on the off hours, so as not to annoy the employees (I haven't tried ordering any of them myself, but I've heard stories...).If it's the weekend and you want a great taco, I'd recommend walking two blocks up Atwood and patronizing a local establishment (Las Palmas). 3.5 stars.
4	This chipotle is much better than other ones I have visited, the staff is well trained and they do a good job of adding good sized portions of food. Chipotle prices are always good compared to the prices of local competitors. If you have never been to a Chipotle before, try out this location
3	Run-of-the-mill location in the heart of Oakland on Forbes. I avoided it like the plague for many years before finally stopping in because I feared the long lines of college students; however, they people working on the line are well equipped and work like a well oiled machine to deal with the high turnover (especially during lunch hours). Food is par, still I think a bit overpriced for the quality (plus the additional price for guacamole is insanely high).
5	High quality quick food. Its delicious, especially the hand made guacamole. The staff here work hard and are extremely  friendly/helpful. Recommended!
3	I enjoy Chipotle don't get me wrong but the line at this Chipotle is never worth it. The workers at times don't care if there's a huge line and don't even give you a lot of food. It still tastes good of course but it's hard to want to go there when the line just isn't worth it 99% of the time.
3	I am a huge fan of Chipotle, but the line in the Oakland location is ridiculous. It often wraps around the whole room. While the business cannot control the line, the location is very clean, especially for a college location. On thing the business can control in the quantity of food and I feel that being in a college location students often get a smaller amount than they would if at a different location.
2	This Chipotle's food is like any other Chipotle in the country, in my opinion, which I would give 3 or 4 stars for taste and quality. However, I came here a couple weeks ago on a Sunday afternoon to pick up takeout before going to a friend's house... and it took me over 30 minutes to get my food. This location is NOT "fast food" if waiting in a 40-50 person line is the norm! One of the employees did apologize, stating that they were short several employees. However, I hate to say it, but the employees did not really seem to be hustling, even though the line wrapped around the entire restaurant. Between the miserable parking situation and very long wait, I won't be returning here again.
4	Better than McDonalds or any bargain food joint around. Usually on point with their barbacoa (shredded beef), giant burritos and delicious chips. If only guacamole was free, the lament of every college student.
2	This chipotle has very slow service and it is consistently gotten worse since web ordering has been implemented. The staff appear to care more about the web orders than the 40+ people waiting in line. Specifically on December 19 I waited 30 minutes in line (I could have had faster service at a sit down restaurant) and saw 3 people walk out because of the slow service. I don't usually write negative reviews, but this is the fourth time this has happened. It has become so bad that I don't want to come here anymore. The food is great, but the service is bad enough to make we want to stay away. Something with the processing of catering and online ordering needs to change or they will likely lose more customers.
