3	This park is so big! It has plenty of room for multiple sports, and activities. The play equipment is great with lots of engaging, challenging things to climb. And the toddler play equipment has similar, but smaller ladders for the littles to enjoy. So my 2 year old daughter doesn't have to scare my pants off climbing the big kid ladders. Many parks we've been to only have stairs and a small slide - how is that supposed to be fun?My only complaint - and it's a big one, is that there are NO bathroom facilities. My husband didn't believe me, rode his bike around looking for the facilities, and found none. So parents let their kids pee behind trees. I almost popped a squat myself, but clenched, and dragged my kids home instead. But if you're part of one the the many sports tems that play/practice here or a newly potty-trained child with a bladder the size of a Lima bean, what else are you supposed to do? It's not like there are any convenient stores near.This could have been a five star park if it had a bathroom.Good for kids? Yes, POTTY TRAINED kids.
4	Nice playground for the kids and the park is huge! They're doing renovations currently and hopefully will be adding some public restrooms in the near future.
4	Oh Royal Palm park.... I remember when this park had the coolest tallest slide when I was a kiddo!! someone broke both their arms falling off so they took it out. (Totally understandable) the park is huge and surrounding they have little workouts you can do on uneven bars and random little workout areas. The playground was just recently redone about 4 years ago and is still looking pretty good!This is a great location to have sports teams come practice (field sports) although I am bummed they took the volleyball courts out. They defiantly need some sand courts ASAP. I agree with a pervious yelper that its kinda crazy they don't have a restroom... Honestly I didn't really notice until I read that review because I live pretty close so it's never been a problem but i can totally see her point if you have young children.A few years ago this park was a little sketchy when it came to homeless hanging out, but now they have police that come by pretty often to make sure there's noting fishy going on. Now I feel much more comfortable going for a run alone. This park is perfect to play frisbee golf ("frolf") or have an outrageous water balloon fight! It's also a great place to take your well-trained dog to play some catch... And don't worry if they make a doodie the park as a poop-bag dispenser.  Oh writing this review makes me have flashbacks of the grapefruit wars Sunnyslope would have vs Washington years ago....
3	We like coming here because it is a nearby park, a fun playground with sand, and a huge grass field perfect for running around in. The parking lot is a good size, but a downfall is NO BATHROOM! This makes it difficult to stay for an extended play time without interruption.Also, there are a lot of trees in the field, so it's not so ideal for kites, and this is not a good park to bring a scooter or similar.
