4	In my quest to try all the restaurants on 7th Street near my house, I decided to check out Pizza Heaven. Pizza Heaven is another one of those hole-in-the-wall eateries that you hear about via word-of-mouth. Oh sure, I can sit here and spout out multi-hyphenated phrases all day, but in the end, Pizza Heaven is a great little place to get a slice or two.You can do just that. Their menu offers pizza by the slice. Or if you're in a mood to share, you can order a whole conventional pie. Each slice is individually baked, so you should allay those fears of eating something that's been sitting under a heat lamp for who-knows-how-long. They come out of the oven piping hot and delicious. The ongoing daily special is Two Cheese Slices and a fountain drink for $4.00. Toppings are 50 cents extra, per slice, which is still not a bad deal if you want to add pepperoni and still not break the bank.I first heard about Pizza Heaven when some of my coworkers, during their several-times-a-week (I'm trying to stop with the hyphenates, honestly) ritual of ordering take out, started to pass a menu around. Now, I may not be accustomed to traditional Italian calzones, but something that caught me off guard was the fact that the calzone came with ricotta cheese as opposed to mozzarella. On recent visits, I've specified mozzarella be used rather than their default of ricotta. Other items ordered by my colleagues included Angel Bread Sticks, Meatball Parmigiana Stuffed Sandwich and the Insalata Caprese. There wasn't one item that they delivered that didn't look good. The menu also offers a whole wheat crust option and you can order your pizza with soy cheese if you feel the need. Other items on the menu I have yet to try include various pasta dishes, chicken wings (your choice of Mild, Medium, Hot or the painful-sounding "Suicide" variety) and desserts which include Cheesecake and Tiramisu.I had actually eaten Pizza Heaven's dishes several times before actually setting foot in the restaurant thanks to their quick delivery service to my place of business. When I ultimately made it there in the flesh, the first thing I noticed was how clean it was inside. The menu touts that Channel 3 News gave them the distinction of  "Cleanest Kitchen in the Valley". I would have to agree that if the kitchen looks anything like the rest of the interior, then they keep things in excellent and sanitary condition. The restaurant has also been awarded New Times "Best of Phoenix" award and although I haven't tried too many other local pizza places, I would have to agree that the award was well-deserved.For those of you who don't want to pull yourself away from the comfort of your couch and your precious XBox, you can have your food delivered for a minimum of a $15 order. Whether or not the driver will be gracious enough to feed it to you so you won't have to pause your gameplay is entirely at his or her discretion, and I'm sure will require a larger tip.
4	Now, I can think of several places in town that serve amazing pizza - La Grande, and Pizzeria Bianco come immediately to mind.  But Pizza Heaven gets 4 stars for other reasons.  It's cheap, tasty no-frills kind of pizza , with something for everyone.  The pizza itself is thin crust with a nice crispy, yet doughy taste.  The ham, cheese (very good cheese, btw) and mushrooms I had on pizza tasted fresh and the toppings were generous.  Something that sets it apart is the wide variety of toppings and the restaurant's perceived desire to offer something for everyone.  The menu includes more than 20 veggie toppings, lowfat cheese and soy cheese upon request - something you don't find much of at a pizza joint - much less the fancy pizza palaces of Phoenix!  The decor inside is very simple - chairs and tables - no booths.  They had the basketball game on TV in the background, and even have a live band on Friday and Saturday night - not sure on the type of music.  Give them a call to find out.   They serve the normal selection of pizza, pasta, subs and salads and even have a limited offering of beer and wine for the tipplers out there...BTW: The location is new - having relocated up the road to bigger digs (now at 5150 N 7th St. betw. Camelback and Missouri).
4	Pizza heaven first caught my eye at it's original location, on the corner of Highland and 7th st.  The building was old, fairly cramped and didn't have much to offer in aesthetic. However, as I could very nearly hit it with a baseball from my condo, I had to at least give it a shot. I was not disappointed. The pizza, wings, pasta and sandwiches are all excellent, and every employee I have encountered has been very friendly. The restaurant has now moved up 7th street to a new location that is more representative of the quality of the food and service. A great place to grab a quick slice for lunch, or a full pie and a beer (or six) in the evenings. A flyer in the restaurant claims they have live music on the weekends, although I haven't yet witnessed this.  Overall, great quality and variety. Pepperoni, mushroom, pepperocini on wheat crust FTW!
1	Pizza is like sex.  Even bad pizza isn't half bad.Well my first girlfriend and this place have proven that old age adage NOT to be true.Zero, and I mean ZERO flavor in this pizza.  I'm all about the sauce and this sauce has the distinct flavor of water.  And where in the heck do you find flavorless Pepperoni?  Where ever you do, that's where these guys shop!Yikes!
1	I just had to chime in with Dave to balance out the ratings on this place. It was some of the boringest (is that a word), blandest pizza ever. I've had better frozen pizzas.Not only that, the one time I ate there, the dining room was cold as the Grinch's heart, and there was a REALLY-LOUD-TALKING lady there, whose voice boomed throughout the entire establishment.
4	We heard about this place from some friends when we showed up to their place, and there it was- Heaven in a box. We had it delivered again last night, and it was still damn good. The chicken alfredo pizza is amazing. It has just the right amount of everything- moist chicken, alfredo sauce, spinach, parmesan- and nothing is overwhelming or too rich. The Queen Margherita was a hit too- basil, tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella- wow. I could have eaten the entire pie myself. The prices are on par with what you'd expect to pay at Z Pizza, and it's worth it. The crust isn't greasy at all- it's perfect. They have other things- sandwiches and salads, etc. but I haven't ventured beyond the pizza section of the menu yet. They do deliver, but sadly for me I live two blocks south of the cut off point. Boo hoo.
4	I have only had the pizza delivery from here, but damn, was it good.Not cheap, over $40 to feed four us, but well worth it.It was hot, it tasted fresh, the ingredients were great.We had the chicken alfredo pizza, which I was skeptical of. Alfredo has a tendency to be rich and over used. But it was a perfect balance. Absolutely wonderful.The Queen Margherita pizza was awesome also. Again the ingredients were fresh and flavorful and the cheese was awesome (they use buffalo mozzarella).I say pizza is like sex. And this place is one helluva orgasm.
1	This place has the worst fuckin service period!. The only reason I continue to eat there is because the food is bangin!!!.. This is the only place I know of where the delivery driver answers the phone,takes your order and then asks for a tip before the food has even been delivered, that's rude in my book. I will probably end up with a lugii in my food when they read this post. I have eaten in the actual restraunt too and have too admit the service there was also shitty. The only reason I have to put this negative review up so hopefully they will fix their problems, I am pretty sure anyone who has ordered food from here has had a simular experiance as my family. Food is good though and I would rate the food a 10 out of 10. If  you read this post pizza heaven please don't spit in my food next time I order.
1	Terrible! Wings tasted like they were all made at the beginning of the day, then reheated when sold. Pizza was below average. Wasted $22
3	it is a really cool place. Good Pizza but nothing crazy. Great for a quick lunch. Just watch out they only take debit if it is over $5. The lunch special is not over $5. DUH... raise the price to $5 stuuupid. Also if you want a cup togo ... $0.25 more. They are rude and to the point but in a Ny kinda way. They do serve Mt Dew and have WIFI for free. (the code is 1234567891, incase you live near here lol)
5	Now let me preface this review by saying I am an East Coast gal with over 30 yrs experience in eating the BEST Pizza & I absolutely love the crust (hand tossed of course) @ Pizza Heaven. I was walking back from the Christmas light show and saw the PH sign in Neon Orange calling me into this place.  Right Choice. Since then I have been there weekly and sometimes twice a week.   The crust is crunchy and the cheese is delicately melting throughout.  I always get mine with pepperoni but when ever I spot someone else pizza looking a smelling divine (pardon the pun Heavenly) I change the order to find that I now have another favorite  Ranch Chicken Pizza. Who would have thought cheddar cheese would taste that good on pizza. TRY IT!!!!  One thing, service is different in the day time, counter lady is very helpful in knowing the menu there & that's a plus and when I come during the evening, the sit and be waited on service is not so terrific.The boys tend to sit at the counter and surf the phones and talk with the kitchen staff and forget about the tables. I'd rather come during the day or take out to get better service.Wish they had a full bar to sit at that would be fun and an outside venue too.
4	Sometimes places redeem themselves.... Here is a note I received the other day. "Thanks to you... FYI Pizza Heaven changed this promptly and do not charge for cups and take cc for anything now." Way to go guys!
2	Now that I have been going out a little more since moving to Phx, I have found other restaurants that I feel very at home in. This has been on of my favorites.......till now.............  I usually come during the day time to avoid the   candle light atmosphere. I bring my lap top (WIFI free) but I came in  tonight and found the music so annoying. If only they would get real musicians that sound good while dining instead of the young kid who is ALWAYS there, Don't they ever change their songs.  Pizza still good but anything else is boring like the music. Boring shouldn't be LOUD. I found Cibos and will stick with them for now
2	Good pizza, lousy service!  I have been buying take out pizza from Pizza Heaven for some time now (even back  when  they were on 7th and about Highland).  So I  decided to dine in once.  What a  mistake.  We sat for over 30 minutes and no  service.  The place wasn't that  busy but apparently business  is so good they don't have to wait on customers.  If you want take out, then I recommend  it, but for dining in, forget it.  Hence the two star rating.
4	OK, I think I'm more than a fan of this place! A girl I had dated introduced me to, and I have been hooked ever since. Its something in the sauce, try it! So good- and also, some nights they have a band and all the time its free Wi-Fi
4	Good pizza, not the best I've ever had.  It's cheap; you can get 2 cheese slices & a drink for $4. $0.50 per topping per slice.  Friendly staff, but the service is a little bit slow.  My friend had to wait 47 min for his pizza last Tuesday, but usually it's not that bad.
4	oh yeah they updated the soy cheese used to a vegan version and it is super tasty! Get some tonight, Vegans Unite!
4	The quality of food here is fantastic. Very good value for the price. They are happy to customize anything for you, especially the pizza. There are vegetarian options. Good salads and sandwiches. Tasty pasta dishes. Free wifi. They sometimes have live entertainment that not everyone appreciates (psst, the musician is the owner's son) - if that's you, just order takeout. The pizza here is better than anywhere else in a 5 mile radius.
4	I moved to Phx in July 2001, having only visited once during December with friends from Ohio/Michigan. When it came time to escape Ohio, initially with a very good friend who wanted to move to Tucson to acclimate us to city life (I was raised in a village of 500+- people, including the rural setting of my parents) and within five years move to Phoenix, just so we didn't suffer culture shock. Remember, I'd only been in Phx for 3 days up to that point in my life, with neither friend nor family binding me to Arizona. However, he decided the week before our departure date that he wasn't ready to move so far away from family. I, however, had turned in my month's notice to both my full-time job as a journalist and part-time job at Wal-Mart (don't judge me! The employee discount was worth it) so had to make a decision: Tucson or Phoenix. It was during the final minutes, literally, that I mapped out my trip to Phoenix. See, my dad's a truck driver and I have some of his ability to navigate through cities and states using this amazing invention called an atlas. Thanks to Grandma O'Neill, I had such a magical device in my possession, and wrote out in a matter of minutes the best route to drive my Kia Sportage and U-haul trailer from Northwest Ohio to Central Arizona, avoiding toll roads and steep inclines. Unfortunately, I had to drive through the panhandle of Texas, where I almost decided I'd had enough and was going to return to Ohio. But, I drove on. And on, and on... What this has to do with Pizza Heaven is simply background information. After 2.5 days of driving and sleeping in a truck stop one night, I was ready to settle in and have a filling meal. A pizza, actually. And something that would inaugurate my coming to a new home: Mexican Pizza. Refried bean and cheese and green onions...it's a shame I couldn't find it on their menu after returning a year later. But, PH managed to offer specialty pizzas that filled that void (almost :( ) and has been a stand-by for several events at a friend's house. [My friend's house is outside their delivery range and we gladly pay the extra fee, which says a lot.] Although I've only eaten inside the restaurant twice, and must agree that service tended to be on the slower side, this did allow our groups to mingle more and enjoy the pizza and wine at our leisure. Thanks for the memories, Pizza Heaven. You've remained solid in my heart since the day I drove into town and stayed at the only hotel on the only street I could recall in this wonderful City. I ;hearts& PHX.
5	I love this place! Great pizza at a great price! This place is clean and for the price can't be beat! Is this place Pizza Blanco? No, but for the location, price and value...well...Delicious!
5	The Pizza Bianca with ricotta is worth 5 stars all by itself. I read some bad reviews by other Yelpers about this restaurant and I guess you must have gotten the wrong thing on the wrong day. I love this place.
2	Judging by some of these reviews, I believe that anything four or five stars was done by someone who went from domino's to this.I've been to this place several times... it's family owned, it's clean, but pizza heaven it is not.Their pizza is good and nothing more.  I liked it, but it wasn't out of this world, I had the Pizza Bianca and it does not deserve 5 stars. It's OK. that's it.I really don't understand how places like this on yelp get such high reviews, but I have a theory:People who do not venture out beyond their safe zone develop a relative reality.Let's just say this about Pizza Heaven:There wasn't anything bad about the place.  They have music sometimes, but it's a duo fronted by the owner's son.  They're so-so, just like the pizza, no wrong notes, but I won't be buying their album soon.I wouldn't come here unless I was invited by someone, in which I would still come, but I can think of 20 pizza places that are better than this and many of those 20 are cheaper.
4	My fiance and I ended up here after having no luck with finding an open pizza place for an early dinner. Although this is a little place, quite cramped, with loads of tables and chairs, the staff was extremely friendly and the server was sharp as a tack, and super attentive. We had a simple pepperoni pizza and a Greek salad and we were both quite impressed. The pizza came out of the kitchen hot. The crust was thin, chewy and crispy on the edges. I really like this place because it's a no-frills pizza place that uses fresh ingredients. I also like it because it's family-owned and operated...so tired of huge chain places, you know?I grabbed a magnet (which boasts delivery service, heck yes!) and a to-go menu on my way out the door. We'll surely be back.
4	When I get excited, I squeal like the little child that I am. Another childlike quality I posses is the overwhelming love and affection for pizza, so you can only imagine the complete and utter detestation that I felt when I learned I had food allergies to gluten, eggs, and dairy. My poor little baby heart just broke. That is, until I learned that Pizza Heaven, appropriately named, was placed on this planet, in this very city, right down the road from my home, just for people like me. Gluten Free Dough. Vegan Cheese. Abundant Toppings. Yeah - I squealed. I ate the shit out of that pizza. I even loved it on day two. And day three. And if Pizza Heaven doesn't watch out, I'm going to be back again every night for the next week. The place is uber cute. The staff is friendly. The location is great. The parking is accommodating. They have "regular" food (pizza, subs, pasta, etc). And they serve booze. Thank you for catering to us pain-in-the-ass children that were put on the planet to make everyone's life difficult!
3	I have been wanting to try out Pizza Heaven since I heard about it around 6 months ago. If your Vegan, getting a decent pie is tough, tougher if you are in Phoenix, tougher still if you reside in......mmmm...let's say Mississippi.We are planning a move to CenPho and trying to try out our new hood before we actually get there so it's exciting to try some new places, hoping you will find your new favorite "spot". Unfortunately on my first pass, Pizza Heaven only gets 3 stars.We did take-out and the person taking the order was friendly and nice enough but it took him 3-4 times to get the order correct. We just wanted 3 veggies on one half, a different 3 veggies on the other half. Somehow they couldn't do that or it would have been more(which I really don't understand, yes it's a different vegetable but it's only a half order....anyway) so we only got two and some breadsticks and marinara. The place seems cool enough, good location, cozy atmosphere inside - next time we will definitely dine in. We got our pizza promptly and headed home. The large(14") pizza was $18.50, I'm no whining cheapo but that's certainly not cheap, average maybe, but not cheap. Vegan cheese is a bit tough to master(Daiya is the best and at more pizza places now). I think this is either Teese or Cheezly which are both decent but the problem was it was barely melted at all. The temp needs to be high enough and maybe I just got one that had a bad spot in the oven, we had to throw it in the oven and broil the top for a few minutes before eating which is kind of ridiculous but whatever, no biggie.The pizza was good, seemed fresh, nothing extraordinary but decent. The breadsticks and marinara were excellent.Kudos needs to be given for a pizza place in Phoenix that offers a vegan pie, as well as gluten free crust options. Most owners would scoff at the idea so I commend them as they are one of the few.I will try this place again and dine in next time, maybe they will grab a star back from me.
2	You know that smell a plate gets that hasn't been washed properly after you eat eggs or chicken? That's what Pizza Heaven's wings taste like. Not to mention they were chewy almost as if the wings had been reheated in a microwave and then "fresh" sauce was poured on top. I asked to please have my wings remade and it was the same thing over again. The waitress mentioned that their wings are baked and that might be reason for the consistency of the meat and the smell. Oh, ok, stupid me. That explains it. I give the place 2 stars for an ok cheese pizza.
4	This place is very tasty and the service is always friendly.  The prices aren't bad, either.The downside is that the owner's son fancies himself a musician, so if you go there on the wrong night, you're treated to some pretty middling live music.  It's nice that they are supportive of him, but sometimes I just want to eat pizza and have a conversation with my friends.  If the band is playing or setting up, you might wanna consider getting your pizza to go.
5	I have been coming here for three years and I have yet to find a better pizza joint in town.  My family and I come every Friday night to hear the live music-eric and jimmy are awesome!  For all you haters, maybe you'd better stick with Little Ceasar's because you clearly don't appreciate good pizza!  I've had almost everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.
3	We had their cheese pizza and wings, it was pretty good. The best thing about the pizza was the crust. The wings were nothing special.
3	Not bad!  The fam and I went out for dinner tonight, and the Husband was happy to discover that Pizza Heaven not only has gluten-free pizza, but wings and pasta too!  A gluten-free trifecta!It is great to have so many options, and the pizza and honey-hot wings were fairly tasty... but it wasn't anything extraordinary.  Just a basic casual pizza spot, where you won't be terribly embarrassed if your 4-year-old throws a temper tantrum.  Umm.. not that that happened to us, or anything... The highest point was the service.  Our server was incredibly attentive and took great care of us.  Thanks!
5	I had the day off of work last Monday so decided to celebrate with some pizza.  I had never been to Pizza Heaven before, but pass it every day on 7th Street on my way home from work.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting with true ambience (rare in the strip mall Phoenix culture).  Orders are placed in the front and a number is provided to you.  I have to say that the guy taking the order was helpful and courteous.  I had some questions and he answered them with a smile - not an attitude!I ended up sharing a Greek style salad (it had artichokes and a red vinegar/oil olive dressing = Greek style).  The portion was generous and the salad as delicious.  The main course was an extra large thick crust pizza.   It was cooked perfectly and the sauce was simple, yet tasty.Pizza Heaven is suitable for adults and children alike.  I will be back.................!
2	I wish this update was for a bump up to 4 stars, unfortunately it is not. If I had written this Friday night and they didn't offer good vegan options it could have easily been a 1 star review.The funny part of this saga is I had completely forgotten about my prior review which had to do with Pizza Heaven figuring out orders with different toppings, charges, etc. Recently I have been complaining about how expensive Z pizza has been getting, Pizza Heaven's location is closer and I thought would be cheaper so here goes; round two.The order: 3 topping large pizza with vegan cheese, on their menu listed for $17.50. When I arrived to pick up the pie I was told " That will be $27.?? " What?!?! "No, I just had a 3 topping pizza, just one...nothing else".This is where the discussion began on how they charge for toppings, apparently their policy is to rip people off? I think we all learned in the 4th grade (ok maybe not) if you put 3 toppings on one half and 3 toppings on the second half you have used the same amount of toppings for the pie - the toppings may be different yes, but the net amount of toppings used (and might I add purchased by the establishment) is still the same. Since my girlfriend can't stand onions, and I hate those little black olives we each had our own side of 3 toppings each BUT...get this....were charged for 6 toppings! Recap: no more toppings were used total on the pizza but because they were all different apparently they have made it a policy to charge for 6 toppings. The vegan cheese was also an extra $2 but not listed on their menu online (or at the restaurant). They ended up comping me for one topping and I didn't throw too much of a fight because I knew I would not be coming back anytime soon. Once I got home and tried the pizza it did nothing more then seal the deal. It wasn't the worse pizza but it was mediocre at best.I don't feel great about writing this review, I really want to love and support independent businesses in Phoenix but when they have crazy policies like this and I have to spend $27+ to get a large mediocre pizza I need to draw the line somewhere. Phoenix has very few vegan pizza options but right now it seems like the corporate giants win again - I can get a large surfboard vegan pizza at Whole Foods, with any 3 toppings on any half, which tastes great for $15.99; no hassles.Lastly I would like to comment that the girl working the cashier was very friendly and very courteous even though I was displaying clear signs of being utterly appalled. Even when I left she was still very friendly, it's safe to say she saved this from being a one star review, kudos to you.
4	An old friend introduced Pizza Heaven to me about 5 1/2 years ago and now i live in the neighborhood, which is a bit dangerous!  I love this pizza and my all time favorite is the Pizza Bianca,  then next would be the Queen Margherita.  I have had many white pizzas with this place making the best and you can get it with ricotta when requested.  Their pizza slice deals are tasty and filling.  The chicken wings are good but I prefer them much more crispy than how they serve them, but the sauce is quite good.  I have not tried any other items from the menu because I just can't get past needing the delicious taste of the Pizza Bianca.Squisito!
4	I found Pizza Heaven while trying to find a pizza that would be conducive for my date who was lactose intolerant. Pizza Heaven was a good pick for the date it has a great atmosphere and good food. There was live music which was fun. my only drawback is that the prices seemed a little high. Not that I blame them, b/c everyone makes mistakes, but they did end up bringing out the wrong pizza, making my date sick. To there credit they tried to do what they could to make the situation right. I guess I would have expected a comped meal where we only comped our appetizer and brought our correct pizza. I would recommend Pizza Heaven especially for vegans or the lactose intolerant just make sure that have your order right :)
5	I am personally moved to write this review because I am passionate about telling the TRUTH:  This restaurant "Pizza Heaven" was given the perfect name for it's contribution.  Not only do they serve the Best pizza with crust that has the "crispy chewy-ness" that one can only Dream of, but there is a most delightful, amiable young entertainer and he plays a whole cache of great songs through many decades of music mostly by heart.  Erick Hasbun is ALWAYS sweet and considerate and loves to do any request that can be satisfied to the gamut of customers.  Come to "Pizza Heaven" if you Truly intend to be delighted by their tranquil atmosphere, their evident loving passion for their craft, and for the BEST pizza that you can have outside of Italy!  Have a good time and bring no less than joy to this beautiful place!  (I am a vegan, and for all vegetarians/vegans out there, please note that they also have the most "cheese-like" cheese I have had since I had my last real cheese pizza!)Warm Regards,Christof Catlin
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!  If you want a GREAT PIZZA in a WARM, QUAINT environment then this is the place for you.  One of the first things I noticed at Pizza Heaven was that it is family run.  It was such a pleasure to see the whole family chipping in to make such a great place, down to the son of the owner playing music for all to enjoy!  I came to Pizza Heaven specifically to try their VEGAN pizza.  I have had Vegan Cheese before and I was a little apprehensive to try it, but to my amazement it was AMAZING!  This was the first time since I have been vegan that I have had a pizza that actually tasted like a traditional pizza.  I was blown away!  The next day while I was in town I did go to Z Pizza and tried their Vegan Cheese.  Though I did also enjoy Z Pizza's establishment, hands down PIZZA HEAVEN blew their pizza away!Sincerely,Rick D.
5	Since this review is not appearing on Pizza Heaven's Review site I am re-posting it.  This place deserves GREAT REVIEWS!I am personally moved to write this review because I am passionate about telling the TRUTH:  This restaurant "Pizza Heaven" was given the perfect name for it's contribution.  Not only do they serve the Best pizza with crust that has the "crispy chewy-ness" that one can only Dream of, but there is a most delightful, amiable young entertainer and he plays a whole cache of great songs through many decades of music mostly by heart.  Erick Hasbun is ALWAYS sweet and considerate and loves to do any request that can be satisfied to the gamut of customers.  Come to "Pizza Heaven" if you Truly intend to be delighted by their tranquil atmosphere, their evident loving passion for their craft, and for the BEST pizza that you can have outside of Italy!  Have a good time and bring no less than joy to this beautiful place!  (I am a vegan, and for all vegetarians/vegans out there, please note that they also have the most "cheese-like" cheese I have had since I had my last real cheese pizza!)Warm Regards,Christof Catlin
4	My brother had the Chipotle Chicken Pasta and I am going back for that myself soon. I stuck to basic pizza. Great lunch deal. 2 slices of pizza and a drink for $4.00. They even have gluten free options available, which is great for GF people. I want to try the Chipotle Shrimp Pasta too.
5	My last review was hard to swallow, it wasn't something that I particularly liked doing. Having said that, I am proud to say I can't possibly give Pizza Heaven anything less then 5 stars now. This is why:Two days after posting my last review, I was contacted through Yelp by the owner. She had even found my phone number and email address and contacted me there as well, after I didn't respond promptly she tried me again......it was evident she wanted to make things right and talk about my experience at Pizza Heaven. Over the next two weeks we discussed the issue and she apologized more then once and explained what had happened. We talked a bit about the compromises and challenges to running your own business and I found out all about where she sourced her Vegan cheese from, how to order other items Vegan at the restaurant, and about a new vegan sausage she was trying. Suffice to say that the owner cares immensely about her business and her customers. If all owners cared this much we might have a real dining dilemma (does Yelp exist in a society if every place warrants 5 stars??).I am happy to say that the owner made things right to my satisfaction (and then some) and I am also eager to let veg heads know about the new Vegan sausage - its pretty damn good. I have gotten two pies since my last review (sausage and green pepper) and they have been much better.I am glad that Pizza Heaven is now back on my pizza rotation. I am even more thrilled that we have owners like we have at Pizza Heaven here in Phoenix.
5	I really love this restaurant! The food is always very good. I have been there many times and tried many different things.  At night it can be semi romantic.They dim the lights and they have live music. The wings are very good, as well as the meals and pizza. The coffee is never hot for some reason.  That would be about the only thing i could find wrong. They used to be a small little dive restaurant and have now moved several years ago to the location they are now. Food has always been good though. Sometimes dives are the best! It is family owned and run so  i think that is why they take such pride in the place. A very good thing. They have their own parking lot but, not many spaces on a busy  night. Great place for a meal at any time.
5	I just need to update this with some new things I've found to like about Pizza Heaven.  First of all: the vegan cheese they have here is delicious.  I didn't know they had it and was stuck getting lousy Z Pizza when I was eating with my vegan or lactose-intolerant friends.  Not only does it get the job done, it gets the job done well enough that no one, not even me, misses the real cheese.Second:  Not only is Pizza Heaven is open on Sundays, it's open until 10 PM on Sundays.  All those pizza restaurants that think that no one really NEEDS pizza on a Sunday can suck it.  Sometimes no other food will do.  And luckily for Phoenicians, they have an excellent family-owned option when that Sunday craving hits.
4	The pizzas are good, but nothing special. However, the calzones, especially in their wheat crust, are the best ones I've ever eaten.  Those things are amazing!  Try them with either meatballs or their home made sausage.  These babies are huge and really, really good.
4	I had a little piece of 'Heaven'!!! Pizza Heaven that is!! I drive by this place every single day, thinking...hmmmm, I need to try this place. With it being on 7th St, the cars go by so fast, its hard for me to slow down my car to check it out. So, today I stopped on it. (Please note there is limited parking) So I walk in, pleasantly surprised to see a really nice establishment. Nice waiting area for To Go orders with 2 high top tables and a lunch counter. The menu is displayed really largely above the entrance to the dining room, so easy to read. They have take away menus to look at too. The guy at the counter was really pleasant as well. Now on to the food!There was so much to choose from, including homemade lasagna, pizza, pasta, ravioli, sandwichs etc.  Very appealing menu options, I could hardly decide! Please note, they have gluten free and wheat options for crust and vegan and organic items too!! Great for ANYONE!I decided on the meal deal: 1 slice of pizza (1 topping), side salad, and 1 pop (or soda as AZ people say). All for $5.50 ($6.01 total) Great deal. So it only took around 5 mins and my order was ready. The pizza looked great! Not greasy and it had quality cheese and toppings and a good size slice! I got the mushroom as my topping (so good). The crust was crisp and delish. And the side salad was a nice healthy size as well. It has carrots, tomatoes, carrots, and cabbage slices on it. And the dressing, I chose was ranch. In fact, the dressing was that "restaurant ranch" that only true ranch dressing lovers will truely understand. :o) Great flavor  (not a glue-type quality like some places serve)Overall, great staff, nice setting, and good food! I will definitely not just drive by this place anymore, I will stop in more often!! :o)
3	Eatable but nothing special . Pizza was ok .
4	A fun lunch joint close to the Central corridor, but with restrictive parking, so their delivery service is handy for those in-office events.The menu is easy to navigate, and if you're a "slice and a soda" kind of guy, this is your place. Well, two slices, anyway. The counter help was efficient and suggested several combinations he preferred, which we fond helpful.  We were sorted through the ordering/payment process in under 30 seconds, start to finish. I had a great Chicken Florentine sandwich, and my companion ordered the Meatball Parmigiana. Both were a little slow in their preparation, but were put up to the window piping hot and with a fresh bag of Lay's potato chips.  The chicken was properly cooked, and the sub roll it was served on was slightly crunchy, but mostly chewy, and tasted fresh-baked. The mozzarella was a tad lacking, and the mushrooms tasted blanched, but the fresh spinach made up for all that.The meatball parm was a delight, as the meatballs lacked that disgusting MSG-esque aftertaste and filler so common with cheap, frozen commissary-style meatballs. The sauce, well, that was just delightful - a little acidic and sweet, but tasting fully of ripened tomatoes all the way. This sandwich was adorned with kalamata olives and roasted peppers. Yum.The ambiance is "deli-meets-Olive Garden" (in a way), and count on waiting in line for the bathroom facilities when it's lunch rush. There is room to have a bunch of people in the back room, but it will get incredibly noisy. Screaming children have no place here.Bottom line:  Reasonably priced, decent ambiance, awful parking, delightful staff.
5	Let me start by saying my husband and I drive all the way from far East Mesa to eat here as often as we can, which isn't as much as we want to since I don't live in Central Phx anymore :( We've gotten to know the owner Patricia and her son Erick since we go there on either Friday or Saturday night to hear the live music and eat the yummy food. The Baked Ziti is my favorite and my husband loves the Calzone. We both love the pizza and the baked wings as well.  I'm drooling as I type this. Our love of this place does not stop at the food though. We actually had Erick Hasbun, the owners son play at our wedding and had the food catered from there as well. They brought it all the way to Gilbert and it was amazing! Erick is an awesome singer and guitar player and we couldn't be happier with how the food turned out. Everyone loved it! The Spinach Chicken Alfredo (I think thats what it was) was something we had at the wedding that I had never tried and it was amazing too! That pan was eaten up first! That was a hit!I will end this by saying Thank You Pizza Heaven for always being worth the drive! Can't wait until we can make it down there again very soon!Thanks!Kathy and Bob Vidican
4	I love that Phoenix is a pizza mecca... people don't realize that our little melting pot is rife with premiere pizza joints. This is one of those places... You could chuck a rock from the front door and break the glass of one or two other pizza places, but you wouldn't be able to find anything else within walking distance worth eating.... The kid behind the counter was really nice and the slice I had was delicious... spicy pepperonis and tasty crust. My only gripe would be that it tasted a bit re-heated, but those of you familiar with pizza by the slice joints will probably enjoy that. I can't expect them to cook an entire fresh pizza for me just to eat one slice... especially in the mid-afternoon. The place was clean and the bathroom was pretty nice. I'll be back.
5	This pizza joint is one of the best in town!! We have been eating there for over a year and haven't gone wrong yet with our favorites. The wings are cooked perfectly with the meat falling off the bone with great options for homemade sauce. the hand tossed pizza is mouthwatering and our creation is always cooked to perfection --Canadian Bacon, Ricotta Cheese, Mushrooms, and Meatballs!!! AWESOME! The service is always quick and friendly and the delivery is fast and the pizza is HOT!
4	OMG SO IT WAS HAPPY HOUR and I was meeting a hungry friend at the bar who wanted to EAT PIZZA. I hastily scoured yelp for a decent place to grab a pizza in Central Phoenix, and Pizza Heaven jumped OUT at me!! Better yet, there was a 50% off any Pizza coupon in The Entertainment Book!! WOO! I was greeted by a stylish and friendly staff, pizza was ready within 20 minutes of my phone call, and WOW!! Such a great pie!! Fresh basil in the sauce!! A mix of nice cheeses! Great pepperoni!!! Exquisite crust!!! I CAN'T WAIT TO EAT MOAR.
4	My neighbor brought one home for us to celebrate my belated birthday - Queen Margherita pizza was very good;  a basic pie with quality ingredients that shine through.  Well done.
4	Needed a late dinner (after 8) fix and this place is right down the street.  Had a coupon from the entertainment book that was about to expire so we thought we would give it a try.  I used to eat at Pizza Heaven when it was further south along 7th St and always had a good meal.I called in and order for the works pizza and picked it up a short 20 minutes later, starving.  The pizza was ready when I got there and the counter girl was friendly.  These guys know how to make a pie!  Very tasty and an abundance of toppings.  Getting ready to have some for lunch!  I think my girlfriend and I will be eating there with more frequency in the future and trying some of the other menu items.  I can walk there from my house, they have live music every Friday and they serve beer and wine!  And for those who might be interested, the offer vegan cheese and gluten free crust.  Not for me though.  I want the real stuff and Pizza Heaven can definitely provide that.
4	Hubby and I have been here a few times for date night and with kids for dinner after work.  We love this place, pizza is excellent and the atmosphere is very relaxing. They have a young guy singing, I believe he is the owners son. He is verrrry talented and I really enjoy listening to him sing. Nothing worse than listening to someone sing and you know they have no talent, but this is not the case with him. When we come to Pizza Heaven its always a treat for us. Good food and entertainment for sure.
3	I personally was not overly excited about the pizza, but my girlfriend and I also split an order of some crazy spicy chicken pasta - it was absolutely awesome.  THAT ITEM was a 5-star meal.  Also, the Tira Misu was straight out of a box, still half frozen.  It was GOOD, but I wouldnt pay $5 for a store-bought Tira Misu slice again...
5	I love that this place has a variety of vegan options. The calzone with soy cheese and soy sausage is delicious! The vegan pizza delight is also tasty. The owner and staff are great too. My only complaint is how much more the vegan calzone is compared to the regular ones.
4	DELICIOUS vegan pizza here! They use follow your heart cheese and gardein crumbles. The hand tossed crust is really good. And they have fat tire beer. Our waitress was really nice too!We ordered a handtossed vegan pizza with vegan cheese, vegan sausage, green olives and garlic. SO GOOD!
4	Great place to eat pizza if you are vegan!!  They offer vegan cheese (follow your heart) and vegan sausage (gardein).  Our server was very friendly and told us what products they used.  The pizza was amazing and delicious!  It's awesome that Phoenix has a place were vegetarians and vegans can go and get meat substitutes on a pie!
4	Good, solid food.  Their pizza is really tasty, and I have a strong love for a good wing...they have.Their slice/salad/soda combo is a smoking deal.  Who doesn't love good food at a good bargain.Service has always been courteous and consistent.Locally owned!!!!!And...they are right across the street from my mechanic.  So I can get good food while I wait.  BONUS!
5	I kinda don't want to review this place so that we can keep it as nice as it was on Friday. My husband and I got a night to ourselves so we tried this place out. It was delicious. But other than that, the service was wonderful, the live music was so cool, and the crowd was chill. Strange that everyone else in the restaurant opted to sit far from the music. We chose to be right by the band and it was the best decision ever. This place is great, it will definitely become a regular for us. We can't wait to take the kids!
1	allthough the pizza is pretty good  the delivery service is a rip off if you have half and half  its an extra $1.50 even if one half is just pepperoni # $3.00 delivery and then tax on top it makes the pizza pretty dam expensive   so i will not use them anymore
3	I stopped eating my pizza to write this review. I'm so super bummed to see that PH has changed their vegan cheese from follow your heart to daiya.  Not to knock daiya because honestly it's a decent cheese but not on this type of pizza. I will probably not order again unless they switch back....Please bring back follow your heart!
5	Follow Your Heart is back - yay!! And always great communication from the owner - thanks!
5	I LOVE cheesy sausagey carb-laden food.  I also happen to be a vegan. so, Pizza Heaven was in fact HEAVEN for me.so many vegan options, all clearly marked on the menu.  I had the sausage parm sandwich.  PERFECTION. I started with a salad- salads are not why you eat at Pizza Heaven, but I needed to justify my redic sammie by having something healthy.the kids had "traditional" (ie. with cow's milk cheese) pizza & were plenty happy.wait staff are friendly & very vegan savvy.  decor is really 1990s' Italian, love it.
5	I found this place by using Yelp and being a Vegan that hates Daiya cheese this was the place to be. They use follow you heart even though it is more expensive for them to get it. Me and my non Vegan boyfriend absolutely loved this dining experience. He could not tell that the cheese was a soy cheese, the pizza crust was awesome and the live acoustic music was wonderful.The manager/ owner came by our table and many other tables to check and see how we liked the food and asked even if we had suggestions but we didn't ... everything was perfect. I will be back very soon.
5	This place was AWESOME!!!! The whole wheat pizza dough was the best I have ever tasted! You can tell the sauces were made with only the freshest ingredients, including the veggies - they were so fresh! The pizza was not dripping in oil which was a plus! My girls got the soy calzone and we got a veggie pizza. My girls licked their plates clean and so did we! Customer service was wonderful and we only wish they had more of these places in Cali!
4	Great place, not a lot of parking.  We ordered a pizza and chicken parm.  It was really good food and the service was great.  We will be visiting this place again!
5	This place has amazing vegan pizza.  Really, really amazing vegan pizza with soy cheese and soy sausage.  I think one of the hardest things about not being able to eat dairy is not being able to eat pizza, so this place is a dream come true for anyone who is dairy-free.  The style of the cheese (melts well), the thickness of the crust (tastes very similar to many East Coast pizzerias), and the subtle taste of sausage (it's made with fennel to give it taste without tasting too meaty) make this piece of pizza a serious slice of heaven.  They have gluten-free pizza and the crust is from a local bakery.If you happen to have a problem, talk to the owner.  She's very receptive.  Also, she's appreciative of inputs from vegans.  Yum, yum, yum.  Go here.
5	The location is easy to find, right on 7th Street in Phoenix and has off street parking.  Upon entering we found that there was an area to wait for take out orders and small adjoining dining area that we found dim and cozy.Pizza Heaven not only has Follow Your Heart soy cheese but also vegan sausage.  In addition, if you're looking for gluten free crust they've got you covered. Personally I've never been a fan of sausage so there was no interest for me to try the vegan sausage, but I did go for my trusty stand by of double pineapple.  The pizza was truly awesome and it was nice to have a bit of a change having the cheese since it had been so long. Note: from what I could see the smallest pizza I could get was a 12 inch, which is a size my husband and I would usually share.My husband went non-vegan calzone that was HUGE and plenty for 2 meals, but he was pretty darn happy with his choice too.
4	Random restaurant choice during a workday lunch, which turned out to be a good find!Had the lunch specials--a couple of cheese slices and a drink ($4.50, but extra for toppings) and the 1 slice (one topping), salad, and drink ($5.50). Salad was small and fresh--lettuce, tomato, carrots, and even some bacon bits! My slice was with sausage and cooked perfectly--very tasty!My partner in crime had olives and mushrooms, which looked good and there definitely weren't any complaints. Service was great, although it seemed as though one person (Drew) was the only one there, along with the chef. The atmosphere was smallish but cozy, nice ambiance overall. Prices are really reasonable and this place is apparently a great option for vegetarians/vegans.Will definitely go back to give the sandwiches a try when we're back in the area! Would definitely be interested in checking out the live music on the weekends.
5	My vegetarian boyfriend and I love Pizza Heaven's vegan sausage. He thought I had made a mistake when ordering, but I assured him that I hadn't - it really was vegan sausage. The sauce was flavorful and the crust perfectly baked. The dough ball dessert was terrible (can't remember what it was called), so pass on that. But, the pizza was the best we've ever had.
5	This place was an excellent find! It's a really cozy place, very clean.  The pizza was great and the breadsticks were the best I've had, very affordable too.  I got the soy sausage on our pizza and it was amazing. I have been there twice and received excellent service.  I will definitely be returning and would recommend this place to anyone.
4	I have been to this place many times now over the years. Surprised it has taken me so long to review it. Maybe, I thought I had.Anyway. Great location. It used to be more south. It was a cool little hole in the wall back then. Now it is more like a cool little family restaurant. They play live music even on certain days.THe food is good, the atmosphere is not too bad.It is a nice place to go and not too bad on the wallet.On a busy day or night parking can be tight. But,  other wise it is great. Check it out one day when you are on the East side of pghoenix. You just might like it.
4	We went to pizza heaven on a Tuesday evening, with the exception of one person sitting reading a book we were the only people in the restaurant. I wasn't sure if I should be happy or scared that the place was empty.  Overall the pizza was great. We were simple, cheese and pepperoni. We also ordered wings, half medium and half honey hot BBQ, both were HOT!! They don't have milk for kids, if you have kids you know that this is important. They don't have draft beer but they said they were working on getting some. I would visit this place again.
4	SO much yum.They have an all vegan menu. it's delicious. I ordered the vegan baked ziti with soy sausage (Yum! and big! but i would have appreciated more distribution of cheese/sausage thru the pasta instead of just on top)the calzone was quite good but i wish i hadn't gotten the broccoli in it.the veggieballs (vegan meatballs) are SCRUMPTIOUS. get them. yum.The angel bites....(marshmallow consistency fluffed fried dough with sugar on top.) lived up to their name. But they need some sort of fruity sauce or sorbet to accompany them to put them over the top.in short: don't miss this place especially if you're veg!
1	I am confused about all the hype. I ordered a large pepperoni pizza (which was on special for 11.99) and 20 wings. My order came out to $34.00.Holy shit! $1.10 per wing? Are you serious? "Better be some damn good wings", I thought to myself..Homie on the phone said my delivery would take 30-45 minutes. Ya.. No. Add an hour to that. Pizza and wings finally arrived, and I was fucking starving.. Honestly.. the pizza was bad. I want chewy crust, flavorful sauce, and stretchy cheese. Pizza Heaven offers none of these mandatory pizza components..The wings were soggy on the outside, and over cooked on the inside. The meat was tough, and stringy.What a waste of time, and money. Don't be fooled by some of the reviews on here.. What I experienced was nothing short of Pizza Hell-
5	TOTALLY LOVE THIS PLACE. Always worth the drive and definitely worth the extra couple bucks. If you're a ricotta fan, the Pizza Bianca rocks my world!!
5	Delicious pizza, awesome atmosphere. Great service and great food.
4	We like this place because it is right down the road from our apartment and works well as a meeting place for friends.  The best part is they have both Vegan and Gluten Free options.  This makes it great for when we want to gather with our closest friends who run fall all over the food spectrum.  The pizza is good.  I'm from Chicago so I'm picky about my pizza as nothing is ever as good as my home town staple.  But I enjoy this place.  The crust is good, not too dry and airy.  The only thing I don't like is that their thin crust is not a true thin crust in my eyes.  I like crispy thin crust but it is still a good crust.  The pizza was not oily or greasy at all.  We've had pepperoni,  sausage, and ham and pineapple on our pizza.  My boyfriend has had the wings and they smelled good to me and appeared to taste good as he polished them off.We've had their pizza dine in and carry out and really have no complaints.  My only other dislike is that the pizza is not as good the next morning.  Yes I judge pizza based on it's taste as cold leftovers.  But, I love cold pizza so this is a huge scoring point for me.It's a great little neighborhood spot that we will continue to visit.
4	At last, a restaurant that serves delicious pasta that, upon request, can be made as a gluten-free option! My friend and fellow yelper John M. had a very good dining experience at this restaurant and invited me to have dinner there with him so I can try it out - and I'm glad he did. It's a cozy little bistro with its own parking area - a plus for this part of 7th Avenue. The staff is very friendly and service was quick.  My order, penne al greco (I chose the gluten-free option with brown rice penne), had feta, spinach, calamata olives, sun dried tomatoes, and zucchini; it can only be described as heavenly.  It was truly ambrosia, and I chose beer as my nectar. I'm looking forward to trying more dishes at this restaurant really soon!
5	Are you watching your weight but miss real food....well then look no further.FOOD-I have had the vegan delight pizza, which is super delicious.I also have had the spaghetti with veggie balls and the vegan ranch. You cannot tell the difference in the vegan ranch vs. real ranch and it is a fraction of the calories. Go to this place and indulge on anything on the vegan menu, which is vast. My cup of wine runneth over for the clandestine food that tricks my belly into believing it is enjoying a fatty treat, which it is not. You can access the vegan menu by going to their Facebook page rather than their website.SERVICE-The owner is kind and helpful and gets really jazzed up about the vegan menu too. WAIT TIME-About 15 to 20 minutes. They are not miracle workers and it is pizza...
5	The first time I heard about the vegan options it sounded too good to be true... a real Italian restaurant with vegan choices? Well, this place just keeps getting better. I have always loved their vegan calzone and their vegan baked ziti, but recently they actually added a whole separate vegan menu with extra vegan options and the last time I was there the wait staff told me (or rather, they told my omnivore mother, who is much less shy and much more talkative than I am) that the owner was so pleased with how well the vegan menu was doing that they were planning on adding even more options in the near future.So far I have had (that I can remember) the vegan calzone, the vegan baked ziti, the veggieballs, the hot veggie sandwich with vegan cheese and the angel bites. If you ask, they will also make you vegan garlic bread, although I don't believe that's actually on the menu yet. All of it is great, although the angel bites could have been a little bit sweeter or more interesting considering that's their only vegan dessert option so far.Also, the vegan calzones make for great leftovers, especially if you ask for a little to-go container for the sauce as well so you can dip it. I have done this multiple times.
3	The Miko Miko and supreme are good.  ok overall. :-/ Did not like there chipotle sauce.  Not spicy at all, and it tasted watered down.
5	We went here for the first time last night and absolutely loved it.  I am a vegan but my family is not so it was perfect for all of us to have options.  My vegan veggie sandwich was awesome.  The owner explained all of the vegan options and even gave us some delicious samples to try.  We will defiantly be back.  I can't wait to come back for the buffalo style veggie balls with vegan ranch.  :-)
4	I appreciate the vegan and GF option on the menu. While I can pretty much eat anything across the board, enough of my dining buddies have restrictions that are made far less a hassle with this menu!I've been in a few times through the years - always happy with the service and pizza.Recently, we've had them deliver to my office a few times. I'm a fan because if I am (gasp!) not in the mood for pizza, I can get a small salad and breadsticks. Everything has been fresh, quality and presentation solid - and I am consistently a happy camper!Definitely a nice place to have in my work and home area - and so much better than any of the chains!
4	4.3/5 Would have given a higher rating if...I got the meatball sub and fries which were both excellent. Probably had 6 large meatballs that were moist but not rubbery. The fries looked like they were handmade and very salty which I enjoyed. I rated this place a 4 but would have probably given them a five if:1 - The food didn't take so long. There was no one in front of me and it took 19 minutes.2 - If they actually got my order right. Note that I am reviewing the meatball sub, however I ordered the chicken parmesan sub which it clearly read on my receipt. When the kid brought the food to my table I noticed he picked up the receipt, noted the mistake, got nervous and crumpled it up. I would have sent it back but I had limited time on my lunch hour. Overall I would go back but would allot more time in the event of a mistake.
5	this place is awesome! I ordered the vegan super veggie delight with soy sausage and it was incredible! I will definitely be going back
5	Decided to dine in during lunch hours. this place was picked mainly for the fact that they are vegan friendly.  The wings were cooked perfectly and sauce was mild sauce was ok. The Vegan delight pizza was really delicious. The cheese wasn't slimy and greasy like some vegan cheeses. They use Follow your heart cheese and it was very flavorful. topping were spot on. Soy sausage was surprisingly delicious, the taste was very similar to meat sausage. I even enjoyed it and im not vegan my girlfriend is. Service was very attentive and knowledgeable. he was even kind enough to ask the cook what kind of cheese was on the pizza. All in all i give this place two thumbs up and will be dining here again soon!
5	Love love LOVE this place. Anytime I get a hankering for some pizza this is always my first choice!
5	I tried this place last year using a discount voucher and I really liked it. Very friendlyfamily owned restaurant. The decor is really cute..... kind of romantic. Nice first date kind of place. The food is good if I might add. I think everyone needs to trythis place and judge for yourself. I really don't think you will be disappointed.I have been back several times since and I just noticed another discount vouchernotice on Groupon and I am going to nab it right now. I know I probably shouldn'tdo that since I know I like the restaurant, but I am also a sucker for a good dealand good food!!!!
5	Best vegan pizza ever. The vegan calzone is phenomenal also. Non-Vegan friends love it too.
4	Came here on Friday to celebrate the birthday boy. We absolutely loved it! Terrific menu and they take pride in their pizza for sure. Salads were good, wings had just the right zip, and dessert was one hundred percent delicious!! Now, I have had MANY slices of new york style cheesecake, but this is hands down the BEST. Owner passes by your table to check on things and live music on weekends is terrific. The musicians even paused from their set to sing happy birthday and present us with free dessert. Cute! Sure made his day :-) Dough is made fresh here, sausage is made fresh here ...and if you have a special request or a diet restriction? No problem, just mention it and you are in good Italian hands.
4	Great atmosphere but not great service. We went on a Friday night, the music was perfect and the lighting was romantic. We ordered a little bit of everything, the caprese salad was good, I liked that you could poor your own amount of balsamic on it...the wings were just ok, pretty messy and our server did not leave us with any extra napkins and I had to eat HOT wings without a drink...I had an empty beer glass and was never offered water. I noticed waters on all of the other tables though. The owner looked at our table several times so I thought she noticed but nothing was done. The pizza was good, but need a little more sauce(i'm a sauce fan). We also tried the sausage lasagna and thought it was delicious.We will probably go back again for a nice relaxing dinner but only order a pizza or pasta dish. I would recommend making reservations on a Friday night as after we were seated, the place got very busy. Overall it's a nice place and worth a try if you've never been or if you are on a vegan/vegetarian diet.
5	I LOVE this place. I love their vegetarian sausage, it tastes exactly like real sausage. Their pizza is delicious and the crust is perfect.  I always order breadsticks with my meal, they're really good and at a great price.  They use disinfectant when cleaning tables which you rarely ever see at other places. The wait staff is always excellent, always attentive and super friendly. I found Pizza Heaven on Amazon Local and it was an amazing find. I've been here at least ten times.
4	Pizza Heaven is the perfect lunch spot. It is such a good deal and very tasty pizza. For around $5 you get a slice of pizza, salad, and drink - and for a small up charge you can get any toppings you want on your single slice. Most places in the area charge way more for pizza of this quality and you can't order just a single slice the way you like it. I'm a fan!
5	Had a groupon for this place so thought we would try it out...got the medium buffalo wings and they were perfect..big wings with just the right amount of sauce and kick. We ended up getting the Mediterranean pizza on the thick whole wheat crust with chicken added..was really good and huge. Great atmosphere and very clean, nice waitstaff .. Another good pizza joint in Central Phoenix.
4	First, the ambiance is right out of Jersey. Way too dark, fake plants, an impractical bar talking valuable real estate, orange walls -- you get the drift. I prefer to think of it as neighborhood Italian kitsch, but on a crabby day I might be less kind. The food is good, a must in any vegan's rotation. Both the pizza and subs are amazing. They use a superior vegan cheese, and I am not a fan of other fake cheese, especially on Italian cheese-centric dishes, but this stuff is amazing. My complaint is that your only side dish option for the sub is french fries - carbs with carbs; a small salad would be appreciated. Also ask for the additional veggies on the subs, they come with them but don't ask don't get. Prices are reasonable, pay at the register after the meal. Service is attentive, youthful, and helpful. Seems to be caught in between wanting to be a nice sit down restaurant and a pizza by the slice joint, but love it, even in the dark.
5	Everything from the pizza on down to the wings is top notch.  They are very gluten-free friendly (which makes my girl's life a lot easier - and by default, mine also).  It's a quick turnaround and the setting is perfect with a cool little bar.  Great atmosphere, fantastic food.
5	Just had carry out from these guys but DANG! If I had to rate Pizza in Phoenix, I would go 1. Pizza Bianca 2. Pizza Heaven. Yes, its that good in my opinion.
5	Excellent pizza and great service.  The Mediterranean Pizza and Moscato wine both get 5 stars.
5	The best pizza places I have been to. Has a "home" like atmosphere rather then being at chain restaurant. Food is fantastic made to perfection. Service right when you walk in the door until you leave out the door.
2	We were excited to try this local pizza restaurant for dinner and ordered a sausage pizza on whole wheat. It was the most tasteless thing I've ever eaten. Too bad, I wanted to like this place.
4	I was soooo happy when i open the menu and there was a vegan/vegetarian page. Good customer service,  good pizza :)Its a small place, but great atmosphere! No hot sauce nor ranch :(
4	So so food but sweet staff and low prices got the 4th star, waitress was a honey
3	Bland crust. Bland cheese. Bland thin watery sauce. Even the sausage topping was meh. Do not recommend. How so many yelpers can give such glowing reviews... there are much better options .
5	Great atmosphere. Great food. They have vegan menu. Ate the vegan pizza which was  amazingly tasty.
3	Waitress was available, but had very little attention to detail. Dropped off our salads but no silverware on the tables. Calzones are huge, good value for the price, gluten free beer options are great. Owner asked us how our meal was going but didn't have the heart to tell her the server could use some work. Just a pet peeve, but I find it strange when bistros and theme restaurants do not play "Italian" music, but rather 90s alternative rock...
5	My husband I love the great vegetarian/vegan options at Pizza Heaven.  The food is delicious, and the service is always consistently great!
5	Love the Vegan and Gluten free menu!Last night I had the Vegan Delight and added some tomatoes...It was really awesome!
3	Ordered take-out from this place so I can't comment on the atmosphere. I honestly was not impressed with the pizza. It's great that it was vegan but the sauce was average and was what mostly covered the pizza rather than vegan cheese or vegan sausage.I loved the vegan meatballs I ordered as a side though. They were excellent in the marinara sauceThat's all I had here. It was okay. Just had to give it a try and see if it was good. I don't  know if I would come here again. I normally like the pizza if the dough is good but I guess it just felt a bit too tough for my liking.
4	This is a really adorable, small, mom and pop pizza place. The atmosphere is laid back and friendly, and the space is nice and cozy. They have live music some nights, and you will quickly realize this is a true family-owned restaurant (and these are becoming less and less these days). I haven't had the pizza here but had numerous salads and pasta dishes. I used to live in the neighborhood and Pizza Heaven was one of my go-tos after a tough day at work when I wanted to order takeout and a chianti before going home to change into cozy stretchy pants and eat delicious carbs!
5	Hooray for delicious gluten free and dairy free pizza!! So good you won't believe it. I was a little worried about the vegan cheese, but the consistency and texture was great. The pizza I had was so so good. I will be back for sure!
4	This may have been some of the best Italian take out I have had in the midtown/downtown Phoenix area in a long time. The husband and I picked up some delicious food here last night. We split a calzone with pepperoni and basil, a side of meatballs, and an order of garlic bread. Total? 18$...whaaaat?!?! Awesome! and it was a ton of food too. The meatballs were really good, soft, but not too soft, and flavorful. The garlic bread was nothing too special, but it was standard. The calzone was very good. They loaded this thing with basil, it wasn't like a little bit here and there, so I appreciated that. Additionally, it had a lot of pepperoni...too much for me, but the husband loved that. They top the calzone with garlic and bake until it's golden brown.... this thing was so delicious and large, we certainly had leftovers. I also found out that this place will deliver all the way out to my house at 15th ave and mcdowell....awesome! This may be my new go to pizza. PS this place is very accommodating, they have vegan and gluten free menus... awesome!
5	Good spot for cheap pizza and wings. Their lunch specials are the jam. Truly a pizza heaven. ;P
2	I love this place but very disappointed they took their best sandwich, the pizza grinder, off the menu.  I guess I won't be going here as much now.
4	I'm in love with their vegan pizza...soy sausage, BBQ sauce, and red onions, oh my! My only complaint is the crust...it's not great...sometimes I think it tastes like cardboard (that's why 4 stars and not 5). The toppings definitely make up for it though. I'm not sure what the crust is missing, but I wish it was better (or maybe not because then I'd be ordering pizza more often!!).We have never been there in person--always gotten delivery. The delivery is fast...usually around 45 minutes. Once they forgot my soy sausage and the replacement pizza was here in 20 minutes. Great service!
5	Very fast service.  Our salad was brought out to us almost instantly after placing our order and the pizza followed shortly after.  We had one of there vegan pizzas and it was pretty good.  Our three year old is a pretty picky eater but she liked the cheese pizza.  For the price point, service and quality of food I give it a 5 star.
4	This is currently my go to pizza joint for Friday/Saturday night take out when I'm looking for that typical traditional crust style pizza (or in other words, when I'm in the mood to load up on a crapload of carbs).  As others have pointed out they also have vegan options and Italian style entrees.Anyway, talking standard pizza here, the ingredients are quality, service is good (20 minute turn around whenever I take out), price is reasonable, and it tastes delicious.  There's really not much else for me to say. Simply solid (aka really good!) pizza (and breadsticks).  Definitely much better than your standard big chain pizza places.
5	I am very skeptical when it comes to Italian food. Considering I'm first generation in the United States. I'm originally from NY that goes with out sayin. I've been out here for almost 8 years and one thing I haven't found was a decent Italian place. My husband found a Groupon for this place and figure why not try it. He knows I'm very picky when it comes to Italian food. It's a little small place. However, excellent service. Our waitress was very good. Our Groupon was $40.00 worth of food. The food was out of this world. We had mozzarella sticks,the meat lovers pizza, and 2 pasta dishes . Very reasonable pricing. Owner is very well mannered and came over to us. Honestly I typically don't go to a resturant twice unless I really like it. This is going to be my regular Italian place. Make no mistakes about that.
4	First time I got it... I was not impressed.  But let me tell you... ordering a pizza with a whole wheat crust instead of the default crust makes a WORLD OF DIFFERENCE!.  The pizza went from tasting identical to Papa John's (with the normal crust).. to taste phenomenal (with the whole wheat crust)!So happy I gave this place I second chance!
5	Great pizza, quick service, friendly staff, good prices,  large portions. We'll definitely be back!
4	Great service. Delicious Hot Pizza To Go.I love this place. I always get To Go Pizza here. The restaurant looks small and uninviting.the pizza is crazy good. The staff is always super friendly. Coupons show up on Groupon and others. I haven't yet found a better pizza in Phoenix.. well I haven't been to Pizza Bianco yet. Let me know if you found a better place than Pizza Heaven.
5	I rally love this place. Their calzones are huge and amazing and their Caprese salad is wonderful. I've ordered from them many times and eaten in their dining room a few times. It's a family run business that often has live music... Which is actually really good. I used to get more pizza for a little less money and now I get great reasonably priced pizza from a place feel good about patronizing. Order from here (and do your self a favor and try the meatball and sausage calzone)!
2	Fry's Take-N-Bake pizzas are better than these bad boys and only a 1/4 of the cost.Last night a good buddy of mine and I had just finished up a long year of teaching and we wanted to celebrate by staying in, stuffing our faces with pizza, having a few beers and watching a movie. The beer was good, the movie was terrible, but the pizza might have been even worse! After ordering a single medium Veggie pizza using the EAT 23 online ordering service the pizza arrived about an hour after placing the order (not bad). The pizza + 10% tip was very pricey, $20 for a single medium pizza.Most of the veggies on the pizza tasted undercooked and were still dripping water as if they were not properly dried out during prep and through the oven bake. As if the pizza wasn't bad enough, to add insult to injury, my friend had made a Fry's pizza for himself that tasted much better than the pizza I had just dropped $20 on.I will not be returning here anytime soon.
4	I had eaten here years ago. My family went again tonight because we had a Groupon. It was actually a great time. The waitress was VERY good- sorry I don't know her name. Shee was on my families refills.     The food was good- My husband had a calzone- He loved it. We had mozz sticks, maybe the best ones I've ever had. We had a 20 pc mild chicken wings. They were so far- my favorite milds. I'm picky because I can't take really hot stuff and these wings were tasty and good. Great size chicken too.We had a pizza and it was ok. Not the best, Not even close to the worst. Nothing bad to say. I will go back for the wings:)
5	Awesome Wings. Perfectly cooked, and nice and hot. Pizza was Brick oven cooked and all of their meats and ingredients are fresh made in house. Check it out!
3	I ordered the vegan meatballs and the vegan calzone. The meatballs were fantastic, especially in that super spicy buffalo sauce! However, I was disappointed with the calzone. The cheese was tasteless and the vegetables that I added in had hardly any flavor. It's difficult to find vegan pizza, so I was a bit discouraged to find that the food wasn't up to par with other places I've eaten at. I'd definitely be willing to give it another try, though!
4	This place is great for vegans, omnivores, anyone! Homey, great service, on the weekend the owner comes by and chats with you and offers samples. Almost everything is homemade, no preservatives, great ingredients.The homemade vegan plain cheesecake was amazing. Wow. Would have that again a million times.The garlic bread with Follow Your Heart cheese was really, really good.We forgot to order the Mediterranean Pizza with whole wheat crust, but it was still good.The veggie balls starter is a potato/veggie fritter and very good.The prosecco is a good deal.The salad was very nice and big.Will absolutely go back!!!
4	I purchased a voucher from Living Social; $10 for $20 towards food.  I'd gitten a sweet PayPal deal a while back and we enjoyed the pizza so I bought this voucher.  I am so pleased that I did.  We sat in a bck booth (luckily away from the live musician).  We ordered baked ziti and spinach lasagna.   The hubby go a sald yo go with his ziti and I got Reisling with my spinach lasagna.  The dishes came piping hoy and cheesy.   The hubby's ziti was the perfect texture, sauce amoubt and crispy cheese was amazing.  My loaded spinach lasagna was firm, full of spichach and covered in cheese.  I have to say the salad and wine were noyhing spectacular but functional.   The garlic toast was soft and buttery as well.  The service was adequate; perhaps a little slow even though it wasn't super busy.  The biggest complaint the live musician who was a good background music piano player but when he sang it was embarrassing.   He wad not good.  Would have been had he not sung at all.  Otherwise it was a terrific Friday night dinner out.
1	We got a groupon and was not impressed. Overall rating 5 out of 10.  Food was ok. Waitress was bothered by us.  It was hot in there.  I did like their pasta alfredo Primavera.   The other thing I didn't like is they only have one bathroom for everyone.
4	Very good pizza, great service, hip live music and tasty Vegan options! Family-owned is a plus! Drive the old car as parking is very tight.
4	Consistently good food at reasonable prices. I'd rate the pizza above average, but not great. Lunch specials are a good value, and they are available if you ask for them all day long. Relaxing atmosphere, as long as it's not crowded.
2	I am very disappointed to say the least! I ordered on GrubHub for delivery. I ordered fried zucchini sticks which were pretty good! Except finding an order of mozzarella sticks tossed in with them which was not a good thing considering they were less than satisfactory. The pizza slice I ordered, is probably one of the worst slices I've had in a while! I'm glad I just didn't order a full pizza. So the slice of pizza was part of a meal special: slice, wings, and soda. No soda came and the wings were rock hard.Such a waste of money. I will not be returning.
5	I am speechless!!!!!!There are a few things my hubby and I are picky about: Eating out, Pizza and good service!It is a cute, quaint little place full of warmth and happiness! Too cheesy? Just like their amazing pizza!We were greeted with friendly faces and you can tell that they loved their jobs! We were immediately seated at a table, I asked our server if we could move to a booth as a family just left and the live music was a tad bit too loud. She quickly cleaned up the booth and let us move! The music was still a bit loud, but it was much more cozier in the corner booth. We ordered a pepperoni pizza, mozzarella sticks and baked medium chicken wings. A-H-MAZING. Their marinara is homemade and delicious. Their wing sauce had just the perfect kick and the pizza was absolutely delicious, so ooey and gooey!Our server was awesome. Sadly I do not remember her name. But she was on top of her game. Very welcoming and personable. She checked in on us a lot but not too much. And she didn't ask how the food was as we took a bite ;) By far the best part about this experience was finding out it is family owned and operated. The owner actually checked in on us as well. It was a great experience for a great prize. We spent under $40 and found the perfect date night spot! I am from Chicago, so I know what good pizza is, and this was fabulous.
5	My wife and I were there for the first time last weekend celebrating our anniversary. Our waitress Anna  Made sure we were having a good dinning experience since I had mention to her that the previous weekend we had a bad time at Spinatos. She assured us that. We would leave happy. And we did.  the Chianti we got was good. The food was delicious. We were the last table to leave and we were still treated like VIP.  Will be back!!!
5	I'm in love with this place! It has a hearty vegan menu (and of course non-vegan stuff). Such a treat. The vegan sausage sandwich was delish and the vegan cheesecake was just as good if not better than regular cheesecake. We went on a Friday and the owner's 20 something children were playing a live acoustic set. Such a great vibe this place has. So happy to have found it. Yay!
5	Great pizza and quality live music. Two of my family members are vegan and ordered the meatless sausage and meatball sandwiches. I had a bite of both and they were delicious. The owner recommended her original handmade vegan cheesecake. It was excellent. It wasn't on the menu yet so you may have to ask for it.
5	I have been wanting to try the food at Pizza Heaven since I moved to Phoenix from the East Valley 3 1/2 yrs ago. My first experience was not so good. I called in my order and the lady who answered was a bit rude. My food was supposed to be ready in about a 1/2 hr but that was not the case. One of the guys gave me and my brother-in-law a piece of pizza to sample since we were waiting so long. Apparently there was some confusion about my order being pick up or delivery. An hr after I called in the order, my food magically appeared. It was sitting on top of the oven. I was angry. But when I bit into the vegan delight, all my anger subsided. The BEST vegan sausage and vegan cheese I have ever tasted. My husband and I fell in love w the vegan menu and I'm embarrassed to say we went there 4xs in one week. It is that good!!! We picked up the same pizza 2 nights later and then dined in and our waiter was phenomenal. Not like the lady who answers the phones. The vegan starter w veggies and bread was so Delish. I think it was called the Mediterranean Medley. The next time my husband picked up vegan sandwiches and the veggie ball sandwich was out of this world!!! Food is fantastic!!!! Now if they could just give the phone answerer an attitude adjustment, this place would be perfect!!!
5	Ordered delivery to a hotel nearby. Estimated delivery time was 45-60 minutes, and I got a phone call from the delivery guy outside at 45 minutes on the dot. Great timing! Pizza was good, meatballs were GREAT.We noted in the special instructions "send forks and love". After handing over the goods, the delivery guy then said "uh.. they told me to give you this" and produced a drawing of a heart. Made us laugh, and bumped up the experience to a perfect 5 stars. Thanks Pizza Heaven!
5	Once again, extremely delicious with impeccable service. I've been here a couple of times and have always enjoyed the food, service and ombiance. The pastas are excellent. Try the Tequila with lime sauce or Chipotle sauce both with chicken. Treat your taste buds to excitement.
5	Best pasta I've ever had!!Service can't be better, super cozy, I'm always so comfortable there I end up staying two hours!Everything is so delicious, but I love their spicy pastas, tequila lime and chipotle are my favorite.Awesome!!!! Awesome!!! Awesome!!!
5	One of my favorite pizza places!! I've only ordered delivery but would dine in if I wasn't so lazy!!! ;) I love the wheat crust option!!! Zucchini sticks are delicious..,and I could go on...!!!!
5	Great prices for the the quality of pizza.We got wings and the pizza. It was all good. No complaints.Quick, friendly service. So good.Everything was good. Like, so good. It's my new fav pizza place thing.So good. Like, good.
4	There's something that screams COMFORT FOOD about this place...italian comfort food. Almost like a home cooked meal by your italian relatives in NY. The prices are very reasonable and the food exceeds that price point. Their meatball app is delicious and tastes very authentic, pizza is delicious as well. The server was also very sweet and attentive.Overall, great food for a great price.
5	Homemade Italian food. Just like what I remember in Italy. If you want to escape and feel like you are away in Italy for a night, then this is the place. Homemade sausage is too die for.
4	For a local joint, it isn't too shabby.  I've ordered delivery twice so far, and both times they've been earlier than they estimate (first time they were a minute early lol, the second like 20 minutes).  They even call to let you know they're on their way, and the drivers are super friendly.  The pizzas are tasty, especially for their price point.  The first time I ordered a cheese/half pepperoni pizza, and it was ok.  Nothing to write home about.  Oddly enough there was one super tiny slice that had no cheese on it lol.  I couldn't explain it.  Second time it was the margarita, which was good.  The wings are big and meaty, and have always had tons of sauce.  Great experience.
4	I came here on a Saturday night, with a Groupon. It's a small establishment with a compact parking lot, and both were jam-packed. Luckily, someone was leaving as I was pulling into the lot, so I was able to grab a spot. (I don't know if they have an overflow lot, but they should.) Once inside, I quickly observed the "Please Wait to be Seated" sign.  We were asked how many were in our party, after which the hostess/waitress (they seem to be one in the same) scurried off to assess the availability.  As said earlier, it was packed, and there were others also waiting.  I was thinking we'd have to wait forever and that my starving spirit animal would come bursting out of my abdomen, like in those beef jerky commercials. But we ended up waiting no more than about 5 minutes before we were shown to a booth. (I love booths!)DESIGNATED VEGAN MENU:There's a vegan menu inserted inside of their regular menu.  The waitress said that patrons keep taking them out, so if you want the vegan menu and don't see it, just ask for one. The vegan options include appetizers, hot stuffed sandwiches, pasta, calzone, pizzas, and desserts.  It wasn't listed on the menu, but they also have a vegan cheesecake, which you can get topped with chocolate syrup or mixed berry sauce. My order:Veggieballs in buffalo hot sauce -  They are described as vegan meatballs, so I'm thinking faux-beef "meat" balls. I was pleasantly surprised when I cut into one and found actual vegetables: peas, string beans, carrots, & corn. They were positively delicious. A slightly crispy coating covered in a proper buffalo sauce, which had a legit heat level. Excellent dish for only $5.95. Comes w/ vegan ranch and carrot sticks. Vegan Spaghetti with soy sausage, $8.50 - (Beautiful presentation.) The pasta noodles were cooked perfectly al dente. The sauce and the soy sausage were bland, however.  Aside from flavor, I don't know what to say that it was lacking. A dash of this? A splash of that? Not sure, but it was a pretty big boring bowl of blah. I kept furiously twirling my fork in the saucy mix, thinking that maybe the flavor was at the bottom somewhere, clicking its heels thrice and trying to get back home, but no luck. If you avoid salt/seasoning (and flavor), as well as meat, then this is your dish. I liked the vegan garlic bread though. Dessert-Vegan cheesecake w/ mixed berry sauce, $6.50 - I never ate cheese before going vegan, but I used to eat cheesecake (weird, I know), so I do have something with which to compare vegan versions. I have had some better-than-real-cheesecake vegan cheesecakes, but this isn't one of them. I did not like it. The cheesecake had a weird, grainy, earthy taste to it. And it was like, almost smooth & creamy, (*singing* Ooooh, we're 1/2 way theeeere...) but it didn't quite make it there.  Silver lining? The crust and mixed berry sauce were both good.Angel bites, $4.95 - (If you've ever been to France or New Orleans, think beignets, except here, they are vegan.) They cover theirs with cinnamon and powdered sugar, and they offer you one of 3 dipping sauces: agave, chocolate, or caramel. (The caramel is NOT vegan, fyi.) I chose the chocolate. O-M-G. These suitably named bites of awesomeness brought me life. They came out hot, fresh & ready to be devoured. This is one of those treats that you want to eat right away because you know they won't taste the same later. But they give you so many! (Which is a great thing!) You can easily share this dessert with 2 or more people.Non vegan:My non-veggie DD got the Mozzarella Sticks as an appetizer, and the Cajun Chicken Alfredo pasta w/ shrimp added. She liked the pasta, but said it was definitely spicy.  Nice ambience, especially for dates. I don't know if they take reservations, but I suggest asking, especially for busy weekend nights.  As busy as they were, the staff was still nice and attentive. The owner was making rounds and asking patrons how their meals were. Cool little bistro. Great for vegans dining with omnivores.  I'll go back for more buffalo Veggieballs and Angel Bites.
2	We had this for lunch today.  I had split a Spinach salad with 5 medium wings. I'm a wing person and love good wings; however these were far from great.  They were tiny wings and the sauce was just too watery and not great.  The salad had wilted spinach.  I picked pieces to eat, but threw much of it away.I wont be back.  I gave it two stars because a co-worker liked her sandwich.
4	I love the pizza. It's not the greatest pizza I have ever had. It is, however, the best I have add thus far in Arizona in the 6 years I have lived here.
4	The food is great! Atmosphere is awesome on Fridays because of live music! Definitely would recommend !
5	I love this place!!! The best pizza in Phoenix! And the meatballs are delicious made just right.  The service is great very personable. I had the chance to meet the owner. She is super sweet and all of her dishes come from her own family recipes... Amazing!
4	Cute spot we found on yelp. Wings were great and crispy and spicy. Pizza was delicious not too thick.
1	Don't order from these guys 30 minute before closing they'll take your order and money not deliver your food. I never received my pizza waited to 11pm nobody show up....
4	Custom calzone was amazing... Great mozz sticks and chicken wings very good.  Got delivery to a local hotel. Fast fresh and awesome!!   Get a calzone w ricotta mozz parm salami and sausage. Unfknbelievable!!
1	Undercooked noodles in the spaghetti.The meatballs in the spaghetti were bland and overcooked.The wings were so small they had practically no meat on them. The side salad came with shriveled greens and cucumbers that look rotten.
4	Pizza Heaven is like the goldilocks of the Pizza food world. When you're looking for something juuuust right. The food is delicious, and the prices are reasonable.
5	Pizza Heaven has been on my list to try for quite some time now & I honestly haven't gone because I initially thought it would be more on the comfort food side rather than healthy quality food, boy was I wrong.Last Saturday night after I over worked out myself, my body just needed some... CARBS!!! I decided to finally give Pizza Heaven a try. I was hesitant at first & I asked the waitress too many questions. My diet is vegan so I am always used to fresh quality food & as of a couple of months ago, I dropped sugar out of my diet as well. I was hesitant on the vegan cheese, because it stated that it was soy so I wasn't sure if it was non-gmo or if it contained sugar. The waitress was amazing, she brought me out a folder that had all the ingredients of the foods that they use. The vegan cheese brand is Follow Your Heart & it did not have any added sugar nor genetically modified ingredients. I started to be more opened to this menu & decided to order a vegan calzone w/ mushrooms, onions, & spinach. Oh my gosh, DELICIOUS! And, it's also huge so I will have lunch for a few days too. The calzone bread was amazing & it only contained four ingredients, sugar not being one of them. It was topped off with EVOO, not butter, so it was just as vegan as it could be. The sauce was amazing, it complimented the calzone perfectly.I talked to the owner for quite a bit, who is wonderful. She informed me that her French fries are not fried in the same frier where wings or other meat products are fried. That is beyond amazing because not many restaurants will invest in a separate frier to accommodate to their vegan population, not even big cooperate restaurants, & I know this for a fact. She also uses purified water when she cooks & not tap, she is very passionate about her business & the quality of her ingredients.I cannot wait to go back. This was exactly what my body needed last Saturday. I really enjoyed my experience & the amazing food.
5	We ate here twice during our stay in Phoenix. I very rarely have pizza...basically like never. This is because of my preference for plant based foods and not many places create a suitable pizza, and those that do use Daiya, which I find disgusting! Well, Pizza Heaven uses Vegan Gourmet. On pizza I don't even know if omnivores could tell the difference!My son ordered a pepperoni pizza off of the "regular" menu said it was good too. Our 2nd time there we shared a vegan pineapple pizza (light on the "cheese") and we both enjoyed it, just wish there was even more pineapple on it.Pizza Heaven has a separate Vegan menu offering which earns tons of bonus points in my book!The staff is super friendly and the restaurant is clean!
4	Great service! David was wonderful and efficient. So kudos to you. Thanks for making my mothers birthday fun. The brownie was good. :) great GLUTEN FREE options-especially dealing with pasta.
4	I like the dimly lit bistro atmosphere of the place, the prices are fair, and the Agave BBQ pizza was pretty good. I see they even do a pretty generous $5 two slices of cheese pizza and a drink special, that intend to do sometime in the not so distant future. My only complaint, and it's worth mentioning, is the wait time. 35 minutes seemed a little long. I'll go back for sure. Hopefully that wait isn't an everytime deal.
