5	Caught a grand opening 20% discount flyer for this place during my vacation trip to Vegas and decided to check it out.  I paid $28 ($35 at full price) for French Tip which was a bit higher than what I was used to in California.  Overall, I like the quality of the service as well as the clean and modern look of the place.  It took a little bit longer than usual to get my nails done here but they really take their time to carefully work on your nails so I guess it was worth it.    The owner even offered me some free beverage and that was cool!  Will definitely come back here again for my next vacation trip!
5	Everyone very nice got pedicure for me & hubby they didn't rush us at all got the deluxe pedicure, mask, paraffin wax & scrub.  Great shop very clean chairs very comfy we will be going back again we walked in but next time I would make appointment just in case it got busy after they started on us so if you don't like to wait call 1st
5	Got a pedicure from here and was very pleased! They had just opened and I had been looking for a new place since I have not been able to find a decent nail place that wasn't a chop shop since moving to this area. The last place gave me a nasty infection. Johnny did my pedicure and he did a fabulous job! Him and the owner Tony chatted with me the whole time. I hate going into a place where they talk to each other and not the customers. I felt very comfortable and well taken care of. All of their tools where wrapped and sanitized too. I will definitely be back!
2	I would really want to try the service here because the setting alone looks so relaxing. The hours posted online and at their door say they are open til 8pm. I've been calling since 7 to get an apt. They're not even open right now. It's pretty sad considering my man and I wanted a nice evening to pamper ourselves. Looks like we will just have to try tomorrow and elsewhere. I understand you want to leave early but remember what you have outside your establishment and online should reflect your actual business hours. I will change my review as soon as I get a chance to come down here when they are open. Sorry I work normal human hours :(
5	Loved everything about the place and my overall experience! 5 stars*****
5	I found this place on yelp and used the yelp $35 for $50 deal.  They were really nice when I came in and didn't mind that I had a coupon (which is tight because I feel like people get annoyed with coupons sometimes).  I got a gel mani and regular pedi.  Both were great as they actually spent a long time making sure that the paint jobs were perfect.   In fact, I was actually there a couple weeks ago and my nails still look on point. *hair flip*Main reason I recommend this place is because it is cleaner (and just overall nicer in general) than comparable nail salons. Plus, they have really nice glass foot baths with stones at the bottom and add freshly sliced oranges to your pedicure! :) All of their regular polishes are OPI and Essie.The guys told me that they will be running happy hour special Monday-Friday from 11-4pm for reg man and pedi at $32.  (Call though just to be sure because I don't know how long they will be offering this for and I don't know for sure for sure if those are the accurate times and prices)They weren't busy when I went there probably because they are newer. Bottom line: way nicer than other places with comparable prices. My new spot for sure!
5	Jimmy is amazing! Keeps it friendly and doesn't make it awkward. The oranges in the water are so delightful to smell when you're first dipping your feet in for a pedicure! They have deals everywhere :) keep up the good work! Kady
5	Tried them for the 1st time today and i have to say they do a great job!!! I found my new nail shop thank goodness no more having to go across town for a good nail salon i cant wait until they have waxing if their waxing services are as great as their.nail service i am a customer for life! Thanks for the awesome mani/pedi Tony and i will see u soon
5	For once I actually tried and do some research for a nice place to go too. Surprisingly, I couldn't ask for a better gel mani and pedi!! They did an OUTSTANDING job!! Super duper friendly, felt very comfy, and there work was clean which is a huge plus. Loved the cute pedi bath with fresh orange slices, made me feel special. I think the little things count :) I usually go into nail salons and walk out always upset. Not this time! Worth every penny!! Highly recommend!!
1	So disappointed in this place! My gel manicure lasted 2 days! Gel manicures are supposed to last at least 2 weeks, not 2 days! This happened right before I went on vacation, so I had to go away with cracked nails. Whatever top coat they use is horrible and will not last. I posted a picture, you can see it's a fresh gel mani from the cuticles. Don't waste your money here! I give it one star because the pedi was ok and they used oranges in the water which is a nice touch. Besides that, this place should be called "Wackest Nails"!
5	My new fav nail place. I met my friend here and they were so accommodating there was virtually no wait for walk ins. My friend and I did the deluxe pedi with the yelp coupon and it was so relaxing and totally worth the $35. It was also really clean and the selection/quality of polishes was awesome...plus they have a happy hour special mani/pedi for $31.99. My friend and I agreed we'd both be back for that.
1	No ones answering the phone and ive been calling since 6:30pm and your business hours are till 8. Unacceptable. Regret purchasing yelp deal. I'm not the first person to complain .
4	**UPDATE**I am very pleased in the quick response I received from management after calling the day before during business hours and no one answering the phone. The response was both prompt and professional. I ended up booking an appointment the next day and when I came in, salon was clean and the employees as friendly as they can be during the last hour of a long day. Didn't ask for anyone specific, I got two male nail techs. I wanted a full set, but the tech said I could just use a fill. I honestly wish I would have went with my initial instinct to get a whole new set. Due to the damage I put on my nail beforehand, the end result wasn't as perfect as I was expecting. He did the best he could of damaging a broken nail without redoing the whole nail.  But like I said again, I wish I would have just gone with my instinct. My fill/nails was a 7/10. My pedicure however, was very detail oriented and well polished. 10/10. My friend walked in past 7:30 wanting a pedicure, and they stayed late to finish her. Which was nice, they didn't have to.I really like that this salon cared enough about their relationship with customers to try to salvage my business after a bad first impression, So far one of the better, cleaner, and more reasonably priced salons in the Vegas area. Only real con about this place is that you may or may not be able to use a credit/debit card past 7:30 due to their card machine company closing early,
4	I like this place for the most part. I came in with the yelp deal and got a gel mani & regular pedi. The nail techs were all friendly and did a good job on my nails. Only negative things I have to say is that I was being helped by 3 different people. I had two people doing my manicure and one on my pedicure. The switching between two people on my nails was distracting since I would prefer getting service from one person (it would benefit them too since they'd get more of a tip!) but it's not that big of a deal. The other negative is that I brought a design I wanted, but they said I had to call in advance to get that certain design because they didn't have a stencil for it. It was a heart shape, which is very easy to do.. I could have done it myself. Other than that, I had a good experience here. Will most likely come back, especially during their happy hour.
5	Great customer service!  Very clean facility!  Love their work!!!  First time customers 20% discount!  Prices are extremely reasonable!
1	Today, I was looking at a new nail salon since Im moving on 215 and warm springs. This place was the first to pop out of Yelp. Also, my friend Lisa Z. Left this place a good review so it was time for me to check it out.My appoint was set for 6:30 and I got there around 6:20. They accommodated me right away. Thing is, im so used to nail salons that have their gel manicure models out and so usually you just browse. Although I know what color I want my nails done, i would still like to browse cause sometimes I change my mind.Moving on,I asked for a reg pedicure as we'll aaa gel mani. The lady who did my pedicure hurt me. You can kinda see in the photo that where my toe starts is bleeding. I let it go cause it dies happen sometimes but mail tech would apologize.Now for my mani, i asked the lady for a matte nail polish and it doesn't seem like she's done a nail polish like that so I was being patient. I told her that i wanted my ring finger different color and she forgot and just used paper towel to get rid of the wrong color but it was bugging me cause she didnt take them out cleanly. Before 8. They turned off the tv already and started cleaning up. I mean i know theyre already one of the salons that close late but it made me feel like theyre rushing me to get out. Also,they dont use lotion to massage your forearm like any other nail salons. I was thinking that maybe because im the last client there so they just want me gone.As i pay at the counter, the guy told me that its $70 for my gel nails and regular pedi. That rang a bell in my head cause normally its around $55-65 for something like what I got. I then went on their website to look at their prices since its not listed anywhere in the store, it says that $35 for gel mani and $25 for reg pedi. So i felt a little ripped off. For those of you who planned on purchasing the $35 for $50, the guy told me they only use that deal if you get deluxe pedi and that youre suppose to call and ask even though it doesnt say that about the deal on Yelp either way, he still honored the deal for me which was nice of him. Also, they charge $1 if you use your card. Overall, My experience wasnt as great as others. I will forever be loyal to Nail Envy even if its a little far from me:)
3	This review is over my experience there three times. The first two were excellent. The young men that own the place are darling. Professional, clean, hard working (not to mention cute) and they take their time to make sure they do a good job on everyone. Very relaxing, calm environment. I did not enjoy my last experience with a woman technician (don't remember her name, dyed blonde hair). She did a sloppy job, my water was cold, filed my nails crooked, she cut me twice and slopped (literally) my nail polish on leaving polish on my surrounding skin. Didn't bother to wipe the blood or put antiseptic before she polished so there are streaks of blood in my mani. She put my sandal on and it  messed up my pedicure but instead of doing it over again, she just slapped another coat on and now it looks thick and goopy. She told me the wrong price, which I had to correct her but her laziness annoys me more than that.
1	Not the illest nails at all.  Massage chair was broken. They had no artistic ability for nail designs.  And the pedicure was lazy not even a massage with it. Won't be going back.
5	Super sweet service & they do amazing nails  super cute shop & clean . Must try this place ! The guys are great
5	I love Illest nails! They have great service and do a great mani pedi. They also have brow waxing Thursday and Friday I believe I still need to try out. Definitely love tony and Johnny great job boys!
5	I am a first time customer and I will definitely be back! I had a 4pm appointment today for a regular full set and their basic pedi. I arrived around 3:30 and they helped me right away! The salon itself was gorgeous, and extremely clean, and the techs were quick and friendly!Love that they did my nails and toes at the same time, and since I picked a pale pink polish they both did three coats to make sure it looked perfect! :)Orange slices in the warm water with my toes - the whole place smelled AMAZING! Not to mention, the gentleman who did my acrylics was one of the most accommodating nail technicians I've ever had, making sure that my nails were exactly the way I wanted them. Other technicians I've had always try to tell me what I want, which drives me nuts!The best part? American Pickers on the TV? Way better than some random drama! (Ok maybe that wasn't the BEST part... ;) )
5	So I live around the area and I seriously always have to drive out of my way just to find a good customer service place  to get my nails done. Let me just say how amazing this place is ! I loved how everything is set up and how quiet it is I can actually sit back and enjoy a good book ! I brought my little sister in to get her nails done for a fullset (first timer) and Ian did a wonderful job ! Soooooooo professional and made her feel very comfortable for her first time :) thank you Ian ! I finally found a place I can be a loyal customer to. We will be back in 2 weeks!:))
5	Glad to find a neighborhood nails salon!  They are newly open, clean, and super friendly staffs! Bonus point, they have happy hours!  Haha! They have special rates for happy hours! go check them out~
5	I enjoyed my mani/pedi day with my daughter and Tony was Amazing!Thank you!Cris
3	This is my second time here. The first time it was a new salon a few months ago and it was beautiful with glass bowls and oranges in the water. Giving them 3 stars since the whole place is in disarray right now. They only have 2 pedicure stations since they are remodeling. They don't have many color options but they did do a good job so I'll make sure to check back with them when their remodel is done. They were clean and efficient. Could've used a better foot massage though, wasn't so strong
5	Love this place!!!! Went in for my birthday and they were extremely friendly. 2 people worked on my hands and feet so I was outta there quick. They spoke only English while I was in there, And made sure to be completely professional. I will definitely go back and take my friends.
