4	If you have ever eaten at Los Favoritos, then you will love this place as it is the sister company/owned by the same people. Pricing is about the same as most taco joints, the tacos themselves run $2.00-$3.00 apiece and there is every type of burrito you can think of on their menu (my personal favorite, the sausage breakfast burrito...YUM). Of course, they also have combos featuring your typical Mexican fare, like chimichangas, chile relleno, tamales, etc. and the prices are pretty fair for what you get portion wise.The facility is brand new, so it's clean and spacious and there's a decent amount of outdoor seating.My favorite part is that they are family owned (they have several southwestern locations but are more or less "local"), and you can never go wrong supporting the little guy!
2	Just another boring not so cheap Mexican style food joint. Average food at best, slow service and higher priced then it should be. Won't be going back.
1	Can't describe how bad this place is...was hoping for some good Mexican to replace Baja Fresh location and all we got were cheap ingredients in bland tasting Mexican slop. The guac is from frozen, cheese is cheapest shredded stuff you can get, oily food, hardly any spices. Taco Bell is better than this place and much cheaper...won't be returning.
2	PAPA - PLEASE WORK ON THE FOOD PREPARATION  AND PORTIONS FOR TO GO ORDERS.  It's 8:30 at night and I haven't eaten.  I was excited to try out a new place.  It's open and bright with windows around.  You can see the food being prepared.  I usually order rolled tacos when I visit an eatery like this for the first time.  I figure it would be very hard to mess such a simple thing up.  After all its just meat, rolled in corn tortilla and deep fried until crisp.  Well, it was a bit of a disappointment as only the ends of my tacos were crisp, the insides soft and soggy.  This made me worry that it wasn't cooked thoroughly.  My receipt was pushing close to 8 dollars for 6 rolled tacos, rice, and beans and guac. I rate the portions of the side dishes - STINGY - not enough for the price tag.  I rate the Rolled Tacos D -   Soggy middles - yuck. I rate the guacamole A+  - It's the real deal, not the watered down stuff.  Very good.  I rate the beans A+ - flavorful and wonderful.I rate the rice   C-  as mine was on the undercooked side, slightly crunchy, yuck though it seemed to have a good flavor. I rate the Salsa - B - it was average, expected salsa for this type of venue I rate the restaurant ambiance A+I rate the service A+ I rate the cooks - well, they leave more to be expected.  Please work on it Papa Chevos, you have time because I won't be back anytime soon.  Maybe I will try again after some more weeks pass.
3	Perfect place for a late night taco craving. They also have a decent salsa selection.
5	I really like that a restaurant like this is finally in the Ahwatukee area.  I ordered the carne asada torta and the #15 chimichanga meal.  Both were a great choice.  The side of rice and beans were mediocre for Mexican food.  But overall, I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for good flavor and is easy on your budget.  The kitchen and dining areas also looked very clean.
5	Great grilled chicken burrito which believe it or not coming to California, too hard to find here in Arizona. Very nice service, clean place only thing I was looking for chips but 5 stars
4	The price is fair. Food is good. Service is quick which my tummy appreciates. Had nachos, more than what 2 people could finish...but hit the spot. Had some rice, a little salty,but still pretty good. I'd recommend this place with no hesitation. They have a ton to choose from, so come one come all
5	Tried today for the first time. The dining area was really clean, and spacious. The staff was friendly. Amazing view, great food. If you go, try the California Carne Asada
4	Huge burritos. Great price. Open late on weekends. I hope people in tukee take advantage of the late hours! We need places open late here.
5	If you like authentic Mexican Food, give this place a try.  Nestled in Ahwatukee, this place is casual, quick, reasonably priced and has excellent food.  My favorite is the carme asado burrito plate.  Retried beans are the real deal..no canned beans here.  Everything I have eaten here has been good.
1	First visit here at Papas tonight. The worst food and customer service i've witnessed in a long time. Girl at cash register was rude, the tables were dirty, floor dirty, and we watched my wife's taco's prepared by cook with bare hands, a clear violation of the health code. This place won't last six months, terrible food, terrible service, not sure where all these great reviews are coming from.
1	1st time and maybe the last. Wasn't impressed, but mainly due to the cook that was cooking on the 12th of July around 630pm. I ordered a carne asada taco on flour tortilla, 3 rolled tacos, bean burritos and shredded beef tacos. Bean burritos were good, but those are pretty hard to mess up. My carne taco came on corn, even though my receipt clearly said flour. The rolled tacos were soft and soggy in the middle, not crispy like they are supposed to be. Same with the shredded beef tacos, weren't in the fryer long enough. Might have been a new cook that night, but either way my first impression wasn't a good one.
4	My wife and I had lunch today here at Poppas. It was our first time here.We were very play is with the lunch that we received. My wife had the rolled chicken tacos. All white meat. Very tasty. I had three  Asada tacos. They were fabulous.This is very close to home so this may be our new Mexican food stop. Very authentic.
1	I love "mom and pop" businesses.  I love authentic Mexican food.  I don't love Papa Chevo's....I don't even like it.  From the lethargic person who took my order but did not know what some of the menu items were to the cook who kept yelling at an older employee while I waited for my order to the non-existent decor.....well, you get the picture.  And, I haven't even gotten to the food yet which was basically tasteless.  Maybe I hit it on a bad night?
1	Two burritos, 3 hours later 2 sick people
1	We always go to the chevo's in chandler which is delicious, the one in ahwatukee is different for some reason.  Ordered the chicken rolled tacos today there was a tiny lil piece of chicken in each one, so basically I had 3 rolled deep fried tortillas yuck! :( No flavor what so ever.  Also ordered carne asada taco the meat tasted old like it was cooked earlier and just thrown on the grill to get warm.  Very dissapointed!!
4	It's better than any of the "berto's" around town.  They have a good mix of food and some tasty hot sauce.
3	Very clean and fast service. Food is good for something quick. Music was really loud the day we were in. Everyone was having a hard time hearing their order number when it was ready.
4	Very good food. Reasonable prices. The place is clean but a sewer smell doesn't help the appearance. Still I would recommend.
5	Perfect lil spot for some yummy burritos! So far I have tried the bean and cheese burrito, sausage breakfast burrito, and carne asada California burrito. All were delicious! The restaurant is clean and pretty big compared to most burrito shops. The employees are nice and friendly. Salsa is good and spicy. Prices are affordable. Plus they are open pretty late which is hard to find in ahwatukee! I'm so happy to have this place close to home.
5	Love it here, food is great and the people are awesome. I've never gotten bad food from here, so glad I work close by so I can visit often!
5	Awesome breakfast burritos! The place is clean, the food is good and the staff is friendly.
4	First time here today. Husband and I got hard shell tacos, rice, rolled tacos, and quessadilla.  All the food, including the sauces on the side, were really good.  Wish we had gone here sooner. All of it tasted really fresh.  WAY better than any buertos. The cashier was very friendly as well.  We will be back.
5	I have lived in Ahwatukee my whole life & finally a good authentic restaurant.  I just discovered it about a month a ago & go at least once on the weekend.  The food is amazing & the people are genuine. Not to mention the prices are unbelievable,  my family of 3 eat there for under $20. So far I've had; a chicken taco, a chicken tostada & a breakfast burrito, they were all full of flavor & the chicken is all white meat.  I definitely recommend Papa Chevos to everyone!
5	Great place with awesome service. We love the breakfast burritos and they also have call ahead ordering.
