5	So exciting... I am the first to review this cute little flower shop!  I am giving it 5 stars since I had a really good experience there this morning.  They open early (8am) and provide service with a smile.  We bought a really pretty Sunflower arrangement that came in a little vase.  I had them deliver once before and was very pleased as well.  This place does custom orders, beautiful flowers, and plants as well.  I noticed the other day that Le Grand Orange is now selling their plants.I saw on the website that Fresh Cut Romance specializes in weddings, events, and custom arrangements.  I recommend this place if you are looking for quality, uniqueness, and good customer service.  ****In case my boyfriend reads this review, this place does just as good a job (if not better) than the flowers you usually buy at AJ's!
5	I love this place! I first got the most unique arrangement for my birthday that had apples & moss and these cool grass reed things coming out of the top. It was the coolest thing I've ever seen.  Just last week I stopped in on the way back from dropping friends off at the airport and picked up two "christmassy" arrangements that were premade in the fridge section.  They were the perfect little gems to get me in the holiday spirit and still look perfect.
4	I am recommending this place on behalf of a relative, who was looking for an unusual flower arrangement for a special occasion and walked away with exactly what he wanted. Glad to know this little place exists in my neighborhood.
5	Im gonna give this fresh cut boutique a cute little 5 stars...as well as the cutie who gave me the bunch from here... Ive never actually purchased anything from here... but he did... and he scored a bunch with me too..( just a bit of a shame that he lives in the east.). nonetheless.. the flowers were beautiful..fresh and tightly all done up.. in an unusual way...and that is what scores with most of us.. uniqueness...:-) I had never heard of this place.. and now I have.. good to know that romance truly does exist..as well as creativity:-)
1	My only direct experience with these guys was when I ordered flowers for my wife's anniversary present.  My initial conversation with the owner was very promising, in which he said that he could gladly make it a small and simply elegant bouquet, featuring purple to match our wedding flower colors, and involving a lot of reassuring yeses (picturing head-nodding as well).  But instead, after charging about $60, they delivered a generic looking arrangement of white flowers that I probably could have found at Safeway for $15.  I love supporting local businesses -- only if they are reliable enough to deliver on promises.  Not sure about going back here again.
5	I was referred to fresh cut romance and it was one of the easiest and best decisions i made last week.i needed the arrangement to be simple, elegant, chic, urban, funky, modern, fun, classy and whatever weird adjective popped into my head at the time. it needed to be small with a $40 price point. I went in that afternoon and  told the awesome girl working there those exact words along with the occassion for the flowers. i was literally only there for about 2 minutes and i could tell she just understood what ever gibberish was coming from my mouth. she 'got' me.she said it would be ready by 5 and that i could pick it up same day. my hero. I showed up at 5 and i think it was the owner  working there now, and she said, "are you samantha?" wow! they keep on top of it! then she walked to the fridge and pulled out the most gorgeous chic arrangement and they stayed in the price point. they were able to read my mind and then some! exactly how a florist should be! We chatted it up for a while and she was seriously so awesome. I will definitely be returning for all my floral needs. You can see the final product in the pictures. I brought it to dinner and everyone was like, 'wow! i had no idea there was a florist in AZ who could create something so modern!'
5	I love Fresh Cut Romance florists because they went above and beyond the call of duty for my last minute Mother's Day order. How good? Well, I am talking on the phone to dear ol' Mom letting her know to expect flowers when mid-sentence she stops me to let me know that that florist has arrived at her door. Seriously within an hour of my calling the extremely wonderful owner of FCR,  the flowers are delivered and beautiful to behold. Why yes, I will be calling them again as soon as my floral Phoenix needs arise. Thanks, FCR!
5	Excellent customer service! The owner personally went above and beyond for our needs, and we were "wowed" by their amazing service. We are customers for life!
5	We sent my mother-in-law a rose bouquet for her special birthday this week. Her reaction to the flowers was wonderful, it truly made her day. .. She absolutely loved the bouquet from Fresh Cut Romance. I chose this florist over the Internet from Oregon because I wanted something extra special and not an FTD arrangement with baby's breath. We are so pleased.Kevin Holt does amazing work in communication via email prior to the order and creation of the bouquet. Their website is gorgeous and Kevin even followed up with a photo of the flowers prior to delivery, and an explanation on the delivery cost from Phoenix to Sun City West, which was 66 miles RT. Yes, it was expensive, but not unreasonable. Gas and time are $$$.To quote my m-in-law (who wrote me twice and called) "The flowers are spectacular. They are absolutely gorgeous. I have taken many pictures already to show you. Thank you so much."And"I am amazed that you remembered that I love Tropicana roses. Yes, they did include them. There is bi-color and variegated roses. Everything is a shade of orange, gold and brunt orange, all of my favorite colors. I am sure this is the most beautiful flower arrangement ever. There is a beautiful copper ribbon that winds around the stems in the water. It looks like a ribbon but feels and looks just like copper. This arrangement is totally over the top. Love, Love, Love it!!!!!!"Highly Recommend and will use this business again. Yeah!
5	I called from Hawaii to send the wifey a dozen roses in Phoenix. I used yelp and found this place and gave them a try. I have to say they did a great job!! They were very helpful and put together a beautiful arrangement. They also set up a delivery for the same day.  I was a little surprised at the 20 dollar delivery fee (  I guess they charge less for deliveries closer to them )But in the end my wife was really happy and that's all that matters.
4	Based on reading reviews from Yelp, I picked this florist to send flowers to someone in the local area who has been dealing with an illness.  On a positive note: the recipient said the flowers were gorgeous and had never seen such a beautiful arrangement and variety of flowers.  On a negative note: I did not feel that the store had very good customer service.  The first time I called to place my order, the person who answered the phone basically told me she was too busy to talk to me because she was the only person there.  So I ordered online off their web site.  The next day, upon calling the store, I found out my flowers were sent out without any confirmation phone call or email detailing what exactly was being sent and the final fee with the delivery fee (for being outside the delivery zip code).  I was unhappy with this aspect and told the store owner such, and he refunded my delivery fee.  You can't just run through a charge on someone's credit card without giving them a final amount.  Overall, glad the flowers were superb but this store could benefit from improved customer communication/service.
1	I have used Fresh Cut Romance in the past and haven't ever had a problem with them...until last week.  I was out of town and tried ordering a bouquet for a friend who is losing her mother.  I ordered very early in the morning on Thursday and then received a message much later in the day saying there would be a $40 delivery charge to deliver to Gilbert.  I wasn't excited about the charge but at that point just wanted to have them delivered that day and didn't have time to order something else that would be delivered in time so I said okay only to then be told oh never mind, we can't deliver to that zip code.  I was asking them to be delivered to Gilbert...not central phoenix albeit but still not super far away.  If they don't deliver to this zip code there should probably be a list of zip codes they do deliver to or perhaps their staff should be aware of this when they call saying there would be a $40 charge to deliver.  Then, I find out the next day that they also called the girl I was trying to send the flowers to because they wanted to let her know I had ordered her flowers but that they were not going to deliver them because it was too far.  In my opinion, most of the fun of getting flowers is the surprise.  This was a very poor business decision and completely deflated my intention of doing something to put a smile on my friends face.  I will not use Fresh Cut Romance in the future.
5	I love this place! The staff are courteous and knowledgable. I am typical man that has no sense of taste on flowers, what to send per occasion, etc... Pam was there when I needed her. On a Saturday I had two close relatives in the hospital, one gave birth, the other hanging on. What can I say, but a big Thank You to Fresh Cut Romance. I appreciate your help.
5	stunning flowers delivered to my Mom on the day that I called. i called directly from out of state rather than using an online florist, and am so happy that i did.  very helpful. i will use them again.
