5	I really like Millenium Nails. Yeah, it's in the mall and always crowded and you may have to wait a few minutes, but it's totally worth it. Don't come here looking for a luxurious place to fall asleep in your chair, but do come expecting great, long lasting manicures. They do the whole massage, filing, cuticle trimming, etc. Their french manicures in particular are very well done... really clean-looking and they don't chip for quite awhile. I also want to rave about their pedicures: they will buff (or razor off) your callouses till they are no longer. I've really never been anywhere else that gets my nails looking as great as they do. A lot of people that come in ask for particular people, but I always have a good experience no matter who does mine. Their polish selection is basically limited to OPI.
1	I would give this place zero stars if I could.  I went there for a french manicure - the bread & butter of most nail places, and here's what I got:First, the girl cut my nails super short and claimed the french would still look nice because my "nail bed is long", then she clipped my cuticles to the point where two of them were bleeding.  She ignored that and proceeded to paint thick white stripes which went about 1/4 of the way down my nail bed.  I figured she would wipe most of that away, but nope, she just applied the top coat and voila, "$17 please".  NEVER AGAIN!
2	this place is totally overpriced, and they're sloppy. i got a mani-pedi and was underwhelmed when i went home with nail polish all over my fingers *and* nails. as i was drying my nails, someone messed up the woman's nails next to me, even though she was very specific about what she wanted (and what she was asking wasn't that complicated!). also, the massage chairs suck. not that i expect a ton from a mechanical massage, but it was really annoying to have my chair out -of-control shaking for about 20 minutes as if i were sitting on a broken dryer. i finally had them just turn it off. i'm being harsh, i know, but with what they charge, ya gotta be. let's just say i'll be searching out a new nail place.
1	Maybe I went on the day of bad technicians but I don't plan on going back.  The woman working on my nails ignored me the whole time I was in the chair.  She used dirty tools, her hands were dirty or stained.  She put the nail tips on and proceeded to cut them really short and misshapen.  She didn't push my cutlcles back - she just rushed everything.  A couple of women came in for a pedicure and while one tech worked diligently, the other one talked on her cellphone while her client sat waiting.  This was the first and last time for me to patronize this place.
1	okay, so i went back to give this place a second chance. total mistake. i am not kidding when i say that two people in the salon at the same time i was there went up to demand their money back, and that a third left in a complete huff before her nails were even done. meanwhile, the guy doing my manicure cut my cuticle so deeply i actually cried out in pain. i can't believe i actually agreed to pay when i left the salon bleeding. needless to say, i definitely won't be coming here again.
4	I have been to Millennium nails several times.  I wasn't a huge fan of their location in the mall when they were doing renovations, but they have opened their new location by Macy's and it's very nice.  I had a very friendly guy who put gel on my nails and did a great job waxing my eyebrows.  He was friendly, fast and my nails still look great after two weeks.  The prices were great too...I'll definitely go back anytime I stop by Champaign.
5	One of my favorite nail salons in town, and newly remodeled.  They have the biggest selection of  'no chip' shellac nail colors, the most staff, the most pedicure chairs, and are fast and efficient.  Very friendly staff. Love it here!
1	Never go here!  They are rude and do a horrible job.  There are equally as cheap places that do a far better job and you might actually enjoy your time.
2	I had a fill done here the other day. The old part of the (fake) nail was clipped and filled - I can see the old part under the new part.  It is jagged and a different color and it looks terrible. My right hand nails are longer than the left. The tech asked me if I wanted square or round. I said,  I like it just the way they are (rounded).  She gave me square and the left hand is a lot more square than the right.  It's aggravating but it's a first world problem, right?
1	My first experience here was excellent.  It was in the Fall of 2012 when I learned I was pregnant.  The tech who worked on my pedi was great and I wish I remembered her name to request her.  The second time I went was postpartum in late Aril 2013  (6 weeks after).  The tech asked when I was due and when I told her I already had the baby she didn't say anything else.  The third time I went there I had a male tech.  He did a good job but demanded I change my nail color because he thought the one I had chosen was too light (it was a pale mint green).  I chose a vanilla colored nail polish and he said the same thing.  I told him I like light colors.  After all I'm paying for it - why shouldn't I get what I want? I asked if I could get my eyebrows done and he smirked and said no.  I thought it was sarcasm so I smiled back and just nodded my head.  Nope - he didn't do my eyebrows or ask if someone else could do this for me.  I'm don't giving this place a chance.  I hoped that my bad experience was unique to me but I see that others had similar experiences.
1	I came here with my friend because she wanted to have her eye brows waxed. While u was watching her, I counted WAY too many health code violations! The guy used a previously used wooden stick to apply the wax, then after he waxed her eye brows, he used the same stick (again!) for the next client! Gross! Then he used tweezers that that had not been cleaned. Do NOT get services here unless you want to walk out with some sort of infection.
1	They do not sterilize the tools between customer uses. The technician lied to me when I asked: "Did you sterilize that?" He said yes, then I watched him 're-sterilize' right in front of me. He cut my cuticles so low they started bleeding. If you go to this place you're going to get an infectious disease.
5	I've been going here for 8 years!  They are great.  I don't have acrylics....I just get regular manicures and pedicures but they always take their time, get in-grown nails, use razors, and really clean everything up well.  I love them and highly recommend them.
