5	Those Romans sure know how to throw a party!Came to the Colosseum at Caesars Palace this weekend to see CHER..... as she is someone everyone must see at least once in their lives & was thoroughly impressed w/ this venueHolds around 4000 people so you get the intimate feel of a small-ish venue with the magnitude that IS VegasGinormous & elaborate stage w/ all kinds of lighting, set changes, & flying acrobats ( a-la-Cirque ) to accompany all our fav Cher classicsPlush seats await your tired & throbbing piggies (from all the walking & shopping done over the day) & sink into the fantastic show about to start.....didn't look like there was a bad seat in the house & w/ 3 levels from which to choose, it's like they're all in the middleSound was nice & crisp - if not a bit on the loud side but we had our earplugs so it was all good.Cher comes out on this flashing-light stand; flying over the crowd, in this wonderfully bright & sparklie getup that is only classic Cher - rhinestones bikini-like flowy thing covering her bits & pieces & this awesome Pharaoh's headdress of silver to complete the ensembleShe talks for a bit, then sends us off to film clips of previous Sonny & Cher songs, skits from the Sonny & Cher Show & the like while she changes into other costumes (one for every song)Best bit - she wore the "Do You Believe" outfit & all I can say is SHE STILL LOOKS HAWT.  She can totally still pull off all those skimpy frocks & makes those of us at least 25 yrs younger absolutely green w/ envyWish she had sung more of her stuff rather than U2 & Pat Benatar covers & also wish there weren't so many "breaks" in between the singing but overall a GREAT show in the perfect venue & something that truly defines Vegas
2	Boo on the Colosseum! Came here last weekend to see THE DIVINE MISS M (aka BETTE MIDLER) & her show couldn't have been better - a huge 5 stars Anyone who can figure a whole choreographed routine w/ singing mermaids all in shiny, electric wheelchairs gets an A in my book! She was outstandingly funny, elaborate costumes, great songs, & an overall F - U - N time Colosseum however, gets only 2 stars b/c they would not let us bring in our dinner doggie bags. Now I can understand not wanting to "smell up" the concert hall but when you sell FOOD at your concession stands & prohibit doggie bags, then something's definitely wrong here. I mean, come on.....people spend good $$$ at these fancy schmancy restaurants & we would like to enjoy those remaining morsels as a tasty midnight snack - so let us either bring our food in, or allow us to check it at the Coat / Baggage checkYou did neither but instead require we throw away our Spago Cookies & that is a big BOO on you Colossuem.....B - O - O!!!
3	I've been to the Colosseum for 3 shows: Celine Dion, the "Far East Christmas Concert" featuring JJ Lin, Ado & Vivienne Hsu, and Rain.If you have the money, try sitting as close to the stage as possible, otherwise, in the tiered balcony seats, you can barely see the people on stage.  TIP:DON'T bring large DSLRs, 'cause they'll confiscate your video cameras and digital cameras since most of the shows don't allow video recording or photography.  So I suggest if you really want to take photos of your show experience, sneak in a digital camera in a hidden compartment in your purse or jacket (hopefully you won't ring when you walk through the metal detector), and try to hide the light glowing from your camera when trying to sneak a photo.
4	I had never been to the Colosseum before, but we went here to watch Jerry Seinfeld perform.In terms of the venue, it was pretty impressive.  The inside was quite nice.  Very elegant looking with comfortable, lush seats.  The auditorium seated a good number of patrons.  The refreshments were also good--and focused more on high-end concessions (such as assorted vegetable crisps) than your typical entertainment venue fare (popcorn, nachos, hot dogs, etc.).Jerry Seinfeld only performs a few times in Las Vegas each year, and I was fortunate enough to see him.  He was very good.  His best stuff is when he talked about popular culture and everyday minutiae.At the end of the show, after he received a standing ovation, he came back and took a little Q&A.  It was quite personal and special, and Seinfeld riffed quite well to the all-over-the-map questions he received.  Definitely a special event and highly recommended.
5	Came here to see Cher. Got about five feet away from her with seats I bought at tix4tonight. The show was awsome. She really entertained the crowd. The colosseum looked brand new. Very easy to get around. The place was spotless and the people were very helpful.
4	Loved seeing Jerry Seinfeld here December of 2009. There isn't a bad seat in the house, the sound was good, and the place was spotless. We sat in one of the boxes and the seats were so comfy. Such a wonderful evening spent in a lovely venue.
4	Celine Dion sounds much better in person.  Combined with the theatrics and lighting -- it was fantastic.
4	Pros:Unless you're really far on the sides there's not a bad seat in the house.The seats are very comfortable.Nice lobby area.Cons:Tickets for shows are always really expensive.No one I'm interested in seeing ever plays here.Tip: There are lots more comedians out there than Jerry Seinfeld you know.
5	I love this place for concerts.. I have seen Stevie Nicks, Diana ross, Celine Dion, Cher and Elton John here. THe acoustics are awesome and every seat has a great view. I just went to see Diana Ross last night and had a wonderful time.. I hope she comes back as a regular.. We'll miss CHer when when she leaves in Jan 2011
4	I have seen over 10 shows in the Colosseum.  I really like this venue.  The only thing that keeps it from getting the 5th star is the absolute ridiculous prices of their drinks.  The staff is very good at assisting the 4,000 people a night that come for shows.  The process of leaving is very smooth.  Last night, I went to see Rod Stewart.  The show ended at 9:30.  I was back to my house just before 10 PM, a drive of about 10 miles.  Their knowing how to get people out of the theatre is impressive.The theatre is quite nice.  The sound system is first rate.  But other than the performers themselves, the star of the evening is the LED screen behind the performer.  Stewart made good use of its capabilities.  Elton John on the other hand didn't use it much depending instead on stage props and signs.I was even at the Colosseum for a lecture by former President Bill Clinton.  It was a wonderful place for such a mundane thing as that.
5	This was my second concert here.  I first saw Celine Dion and then I saw Cher last week.  This place is huge but it was easy getting in and out.  I bought balcony seating and had a great view.  I personally didn't feel it would have been worth the extra $100+ for each ticket to sit closer.The seats were really comfortable and I'm very particular about seating.  The sound was great and the show was awesome.  It was definitely a great venue and I look forward to returning here to see more concerts in the future.  On a side note when I brought a digital camera to the Celine Dion show it was taken away from me and I had to wait in a long line after the show to get it back.  So to be safe I didn't bring my camera to the Cher concert (and missed out on tons of great picture opportunities in Ceasers Palace) only to find out that they were only taking large video cameras.  EVERYONE had their digital camera.  That was kind of a bummer...I wish I had known about that before!
5	The new Celine show at Caesars is without a doubt-FANTASTIC!
4	The new Celine Dion show at the Colosseum @ Caesars is great.  Her voice is just amazing, and feels very intimate.  The effects in the show are very cool, and makes for a great show. !!Warning!!  They do not want you take pictures or video, and the ushers are like mother eagles guarding a nest.  The will descend on you if they see you taking pictures or recording video.
5	Saw Celine last night! She was FABULOUS!
5	"Celine" is THE show of Las Vegas!  She is at the top of her game!  You would be lucky if you can get tix to see this show.  The new show is fantastic!  Lots of class and style!  She is such a seasoned performer!
4	Very nice.  We saw the Celine Dion show which I enjoyed (no homo).  Wasn't too hard to find considering most casinos are built like mazes.  I would definitely go back
5	The new show was amazing!!! I was so impressed with the creativity. Celine brought lots of family video and photos of her family. She also talked about them. I felt honored that she would share such personal times. Everything was done to perfection. It was a family members 60th birhtday and she enjoyed it so very much
4	I gotta say, my taste in music consists of britney spears, vanessa paradis, lady gaga, yeah yeah yeahs, and some designer drugs. But now I have to update that list to include CELINE DION!I never knew how good Celine sang, until I heard her in person! My sister almost cried cause she sang so well! The show did start about 10-15min late so don't be in such a rush when coming. She talks in between songs and her voice just blows you away! I can see why her show is sold out all the time!One thing that did bother me was that all of the songs she sang weren't hers. Like she sang a billy joel song and the theme of goldfinger. If i wanted to hear that, i would just go to a billy joel concert or watch goldfinger. Maybe I'm just bitter cause I wanted Celine to sing all of her own songs like taking chances,I realized that after I watched her show, then I watched 'The Voice' on nbc and I realized everyone sucked on 'The Voice'. Why? Because Celine is 1000 times better. Also, I was so amazed by her voice that I even watched her documentary on youtube, wikied her, and watched her interviews with oprah! God I am such a crazed fan now!The Colosseum was built very well. The tiered levels are great so anywhere you sit, you get a great view- whether its nose bleed seats or front now! I must say the red curtains with rosey patterns are a bit tacky, but I didn't come here for decor, I came here for Celine- tacky decor or not.
4	The Celine Dion show at the Colosseum @ Caesars rocks!!! You won't regret to come anyways. beautiful voice, touching stories, magic stage and decent audience. just enjoy~~~
5	We saw Rod Stewart last night, 2nd row.  GREAT show...Rod was awesome. Good venue.
4	I've seen both Rod Stewart and Elton John at this venue. All the seats are pretty good. You don't need binoculars to see from any location in the theater.  The ushers are as helpful as they can be and they try to get you through the crowd as quickly as possible. My tickets were free so they were in the back of the house. If you are in the back I recommend waiting until right before the show starts to go in. That way you can avoid the rush and all the lines to get through security. I was able to just walk up, hand them my ticket and open my bag for a quick check, no waiting. And since we were on the last row, as soon as the show was over we were some of the first people out of the theater. I love avoiding the crowd.  This isn't really a reflection of the venue but Elton John just might be the best concert I've ever seen. When Caesars offered me the comped tickets I wasn't sure I even wanted to go but he was AWESOME!
5	We saw Rod Stewart on November 13, 2011 and it was a great show.   We purchased the $99 seats and we were amazed how great the seats were.  Rod at 66 had great energy and looked great.  This was a amazing show.  The band was great, along with the background singers.  Everyone could take pictures, dance and we were told this prior to the show.  I would not hesitate to go to the Colosseum again for another show.  Top notch production and great staff who seats you.  Highly recommend!
4	Beautiful Venue.   Saw Rod Stewart on his last night at Caesars.   Our seats were way up in the 2nd Mezzanine.  Unfortunately the seats are too close together.  My thigh was rubbing against the guy in the next seat's thigh.  Not a pleasant thing.  Also if they want you to buy drinks and allow you to take it into the theater then they should have a cup holder so you can clap during the performance.  4 stars for the show.  Great show.  Rod still has his voice.  He can kick the soccer balls all the up to the 2nd Mezzanine.   Rod mentioned one of his daughters and Ron Wood was in the audiance. Great sound system and thank God for the big screen on the stage so I could see Rod close up.   Wish we had floor seats.  Some guys have all the Luck to get great floor seats.  I don't think I'd sit up in the 2nd Mezzanine again.  We walked down the stairs to exit the Colosseum.  Was a bit scary.
5	We saw Rod Stewart on November, 13th, 2011.The venue is amazing, and the stage is right in front of the first row seats, so whoever is on stage is right in front of you the enire time.We bought the Hot Legs VIP package so we were seated front row, center.Rod not only took the rose I handed him, he sang and danced with it in his teeth, he blew me a kiss...and at the end, he handed my husband a soccer ball and then called me up on stage and handed me a signed soccer ball and a kiss on the cheek !The VIP packages aren't cheap, the Hot Legs was 1,250 per person but it came with VIP passes, free drinks, an elegant dinner and a signed soccer ball from the box office as well as a poster.We had such an amazing time we bought the same seats and are going back in April.No matter where you sit in this venue you will have a great seat, it's an intimate setting and perforers often leave the stage and mingle with the crowd as well !
3	see the absinthe show!   it is awesome
4	Its a fabulous venue! Saw Celine Dion and it was like having this incredibly talented singer at your own party. Sound was excellent. She got around the stage so all had a chance to really see her. But the PARKING SUCKS!!! Allow 30-45 mins minimum just for valet parking. IF you can find it! It took us 35 minutes just to find the entrance and navigate the failed signage to get to valet where they only had 4 attendance working. Four. I know it was a Wednesday night but this is Vegas people. It took us 20 mins just to get an attendant to give us our claim check then another 40 minutes to get our car. Crazy!
4	I saw Janet Jackson preform here in April of 2011. It's a great venue. Not to big, not to small. Don't pick seats by entrances. People using the restroom or latecomers will bring outside light in. Its kind of annoying. But overall it was great.
5	I have now see Cher and Elton John here and both times got the "cheap" seats in the back.  There's really not a bad seat in the house - as with most Vegas theaters.  The sound is incredible.  The staff was friendly.  After waiting awhile for Cher, I decided to chance running to the restroom.  The attendant told me that Cher is always 30 minutes late on stage so I had nothing to worry about!Oh, and don't try to sneak a camera in!  I did for Elton and those people at the door make you open every single pocket!  Check the cameras guys!  The show will be out on DVD in a few years time as it is.  Love it - would pay $100 for cheap seats in the back again and again!
4	Very nice theatre, mostly for music. It is like going to a game when it comes to entering the venue. The setup is curved so all seats aren't obstructed and have good views. Q allow to take pics or videos while artists are performing for many reasons. If you can find your seat, an usher will assist you. Somewhat tricky to get to your seat when you're further up.
5	best concert venue i've ever been to. saw elton john here and bought the cheapest seats in the house and it was still great.beautiful arena. sound resonates well all over!
4	Great sound. We saw Elton John here and he was excellent. The sound is amazing in the theatre. Definitely will come back next time I'm in town for Celine or Rod Stewart!
5	Excellent venue!  I came here to see Celine Dion and WOW - they built this place with her in mind.  The sound was amazing!!   I was in the orchestra level and the view was great.  I am not sure on the mezzanine or upper levels.
5	I enjoy going to the colosseum when I'm in vegas. I enjoy the Fat Tuesday and the Cheesecake Factory inside there. As well as all the high fashion stores, which any girl would love.
5	The Colosseum at Caesars is just a half scale replica of the real one in Rome but the details and the many statues of the Roman Gods placed outside around the building is just remarkable and i mean every Roman God are all displayed outside of the Colosseum and near the Forum Shops. I came here to watch the Cher concert and I'm glad that I got to see the inside of this huge half scale model and hope to see the real one in Rome sometime in the near future.The Colosseum has it's own parking garage for concerts and shows and the entrance to the venue is through the Forum Shops and another is from the Port Cochere through the casino by Mesa Grill and the Sea Horse Bar.
3	The Colosseum at Caesar's Palace is basically par for music venues; I think Cohen said it best: it's soulless.  I've been to the Colosseum for Elton John, Celine, Bob Dylan/John Mellencamp, and two absurdly amazing show-of-the-year performances by the venerable Leonard Cohen. Note: for the Elton gig, it was the original Red Piano back in 2006. I have sat all over obviously; there are not too many TERRIBLY bad seats in the house but the top balcony towards the back is a really formidable distance from the stage (binoculars?). The seats are relatively close together with little space in between cushions were you put your tushies but there is a simple answer to that if this is a problem for you: LOSE WEIGHT. I have never had a problem with my body parts touching another's at the Colosseum (unless I wanted to [consent, folks {get your consent first}]). A long, unnecessary, staff story: One time it was box seats for Celine (don't judge.). Well, apparently we were not all Celined up enough for the occasion like others (it was a last minute score on eBay that I was not even intending on winning [sniping can become addictive once you are good at it]) as we were wearing what we wore to school (jeans, tshirts, Brooks brand running shoes). Apparently, the attire was too much (or rather, too little) for a staff member who came over after we were promptly seated to SPECIFICALLY re-check our tickets and our tickets alone to make sure we were not naturally moving down from the cheap seats to better seats. Never mind that this was her second show after her comeback so it was very much so sold out (how are we going to move down to better seats when those better seats are sold and someone was going to be arriving to kick us out?). Never mind that there were plenty of superfans that were dressed in jeans and Celine shirts too (apparently Canadians are trustworthy, or at least more than us [to the staff]). Fast forward to the show and cue my girlfriend's small(er) bladder; she needed to go to the restroom and we know the drill in regards to people not being allowed in and out when Duchess Celine is performing her perfectly-timed setlist. You must wait until a song is over to be allowed back in. Right. Why is it that another staff member found it necessary to keep my girlfriend from re-seating for more than two-point-five songs after she was ready to sit again. Maybe it was during the hologram portion of the show, right ... chill out, it was just a bad time in the show and there was no one being let back in at all, right? Wrong. Specifically, why was my girlfriend left out of the boxes for more than two songs including a bit where Celine is telling one of her infinitely rehearsed 'on-the-fly' stories and yet like half a dozen people who had no box seats were let in and out and in and out (so they can see the view from there???)? We joke about it being that they (staff) did not like us from the beginning for some reason but there may be some ring of truth to it. In sum - I don't appreciate some guy coming up to me after I am seated by one of their colleagues to re-check if my tickets are actually in that particular section. It is one thing if there were other patrons with tickets in their mitts proclaiming that these were their assigned seats/box/whatever, but there were no such people, and this individual just felt like he could single us out with his super-usher powers as section-hoppers because we did not look like we could afford the tickets. Well, we can; so fuck off. - E   Postscript. Celine was great (don't judge.).
5	I went here to see Jerry Seinfeld on my last night in Vegas.  It was such a great experience for just over $100!  I love the atmosphere of the place and I also love that it's inside the best Vegas hotel!
4	We weren't planning on visiting here but saw a billboard (they work!) saying Jerry Seinfeld was on that night and we just couldn't miss out that opportunity!So we ended up with seats towards the back but the view was still great along with the acoustics. Would make for a great venue to see some live acts in as well.
5	pretty amazing experience. Good seating, good acoustics, pretty much awesome all around. seats were comfortable and the security wasn't completely overbearing.
3	The staff here is mean. Not because they are Nazi's with their 'no camera' policy, no, that is understandable. They are mean because they are so very very unhappy.My sweet boyfriend got us tickets to see Celine (AHH!) and we had seats in some kind of off area, and we were told to walk down the aisle to it- only to find this area has a bannister around it. So instead of walking back like jerks the way we came, we stepped over the knee high bannister and foudn our seats. Seconds later some staff rushes over and demands to see our tickets- cuz, you know, we are the jerks that make a huge display of walking down an aisle full of people to get to seats we think are empty and steal them. Ok, I guess I could forget that. But never, ever will forgive the ridiculous lady who did not let me back in.I wish I had gotten her name, because she's an ass. During intermission I went to the bathroom. I was then told that since Celine was ABOUT to perform (NOT ACTUALLY PERFORMING RIGHT THEN) I had to wait, since it was some 'really cool' special effect thing that if one door was opened, and light came it, it would ruin it all!So I wait. I wait, and I see this skank let FIVE people in the door I was suppose to go into. FIVE FRICKEN PEOPLE. And she looks at me once, and looks away. The hell!? Oh, and to make it worse, when Celine is done, this mean lady says, "NOW you can go in." GAH
4	The Colosseum is a terrific place to see a concert.  It's small enough that you have a cozy feel and can see really well the performers on stage.  The concert was fun and a super experience.
5	This is a great venue. Every show is well-produced and the servers are excellent. From ushers to bartenders to security, everyone is polite and helpful.  Now, I did not enjoy Shania or Celine.  I recognize that I'm in the minority and that I should simply know better than to go to the "dentist-elevator music" shows. Still, the shows were well-produced with nothing spared. Orchestras for Celine were top notch and Shania's animals were cute. Good job, Caesars.
5	What a classy place. Great acoustics. Great sight lines. Friendly staff. Celine Dion was Pro! (that is my highest compliment).Do yourself a favor and dress up a little. Don't be the guy in a t-shirt at this nice of a place.
5	recently went a concert there for  the first rap concert ever at the colosseum great venue for events and concerts ect hope theres a concert there soon
4	Awesome place to see a concert/show. Easy to get in and out, great seats from just about anywhere in the venue. Acoustics are surpurb, good ventilation so it's not stuffy or smokey. I'd definitely check out another act here!
4	We were about halfway up on the right side, and even though this is a large venue, we could see everything.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 7/100Got wonderful rear orchestra seats for my mom's advance birthday to Shania Twain's 'Still the One' thanks to Erica Y. The Colosseum had a very intimate setting with not a bad seat in the house, a giant screen and tech that allowed for all the right details to make a concert worth the price...and in my case, worth the run. Since school started, I've slowly reverted back to a planned schedule and the spontaneity of getting the tickets for my parents on the day of meant hopping on a couple of buses and running straight for the theater after my last class ended. And when I say racing two city blocks was worth it, I would do it all over again if it means seeing a concert as great as that. Before I get into details about the venue, my family - who's been a fan of Shania since the late 90s - got our fill. Although my efforts to get there on time didn't quite work out (15 minutes late), we were told that we only missed a couple of songs. Gracious and beautiful as ever, Shania delivered an incredible show with theatrical props I've grown accustomed to seeing only in Broadway shows. Transitions made use of the big screen with music filled in continuously by the band, strings, back-up vocals and did anyone else actually smell actual burning wood during that campfire number? Shania would come up to the audience, give them a hug, allowed pictures to be taken with her, even had a handful of people join her up on stage as they sang around the campfire - funny how the security guards were going pretty ballistic over how much of us were snapping our cameras. Beautiful beautiful woman, inside and out. We adore her just as much as we did way back when and I guess we got even more respect for her with how she's handled herself over the years. Now I understand why people get figgety about the sound quality at the Smith Center. Comparatively, the way the Colosseum was designed and sound was engineered amplified a balance to the ears, almost as if we were listening to a recorded version of a song. You could make out every instrument in the background and the voices blended in perfectly while at the Smith, words tended to get muffled. The use of projectors also provided more room for creativity with lighting; painting sceneries, atmospheres; producing colors; triggering certain emotions. Stage was huge. Number of times, I felt like we were at an IMAX theatre. There's a snack bar right outside for audience members to get some food or drinks to enjoy. Staff was very friendly and we were escorted by one then relayed to another smoothly till we arrived at our seats. Ultimately, the concert was very accommodating and we felt right at home to the rock/pop/country beats. To those who may have second thoughts about the concert, I promise you won't regret.
4	I've seen Cher and Elton John here and I can honestly say that The Colosseum is my favorite concert venue in Vegas. It is so large, yet still so intimate. Any seat is a good seat in the house. The acoustics are magnificent and Caesars Palace always selects the most superb performers. Pay the money and see the legends while you can!
3	This venue wasn't quite as large I was expecting. There isn't really a bad seat in the house. Even the highest up and in the last row has a decent view of the stage. The acoustics are ok, but not as good as other area venues.  The seats are a little cramped, but not too bad. There's a bar on each level. Of course, the options are limited and everything is overpriced. Exiting can take quite a long time. Use the elevator or stairs instead of the escalator. Overall, not a bad place to see a show. However, it's not particularly grand and is starting to show its wear.
5	This venue was custom built for concerts and it shows.  It's a small venue seating less than 5,000.  If I had to pick one word to describe The Colosseum, I'd pick:  Opulent.  It is beautiful and classy looking.The Pros:  Supposedly there's not a bad seat in the house.  It's stadium seating so you can easily see over the people in front of you.  The acoustics are excellent and they have a top quality sound system.  Add in a full service bar in the lobby and you've got an impressive place to see some of the biggest Las Vegas acts today.The Cons:  It's not a cheap place to see a concert - no lawn seats for $20 here.The quick and easy here:  The current acts performing here are Celine Dion, Rod Stewart, Shania Twain and of course Sir Elton John.  If you get the chance to see one of them there....do it.
4	Great place to watch a concert and and have a meeting. We rented it out for a corp event. We did both.
5	Very cool venue for concerts! It's like a having a very big IMAX theater in the back and having a live performer.  The theater makes the experience very real and enjoyable.  The venue is large and seats many people. Perfect for concerts.
5	Great venue! I just saw Shania Twain, which was full of theatrics, glitz & glamour. The venue is comfy, clean & it didn't look like there was a bad seat in the house. The price of tickets is amazing, for the venue & quality of show. I've paid more for a lot less!
