3	Interesting concept, and might do alright because of location, but not really my "bag".You walk up, you can barely see the open sign somewhat glowing through the window of this extremely new place.  You walk in, there is no one to take your order, but there is a whole bunch of bags and sharpies.  Hmmmm?  The idea is, you write on the bag what exactly you want, then hand it to them and pay.  Seems quicker/more efficient than the subway way, but much less personable.  Fits right in with this extremely busy Trader Joes and Best buy area.  I was not quick or efficient, I kind of just stared at the wall, looked around for a little bit, and then eventually began to write on my bag.The place was clean, the lights were bright, and the Charlotte Observer was on the wall.I was taking my mom out for a quick bite, so we just decided to share a sub when I noticed it was going to come out to over $11 for a 10" sub, chips, and a drink.  She noticed a sign about an avocado turkey for only $1 more.  I went for it.  Turns out that avocado is $1.50 more, so over $12 for a medium combo and still had to buy another drink.It came out relatively fast and its was good, but nothing special.  Kind of similar to Jersey Mikes if I had to compare to a mainstream chain.  The bag of "house chips" were decent.  Pretty small and a little over salted.  But the drinks oh wow.  They've got a tea machine that spits out 4 different kinds of tea.  2/3 green tea, with a splash of raspberry, truly the highlight of my outing.All in all, I don't think I necessarily wasted my money going there, but for 2 people at lunch, I would have been just as going to the sushi buffet at Pisces, or even happy spending less money and getting 2 spicy chicken combo's at the Wendy's across the street.  Sorry which wich, maybe next time.
3	Made it into this new location during a busy lunch hour to see what the buzz was all about. After seeing the other locations in town, the location at the Met was definitely a good spot for them to land. First, being at The Met, you're in for a hell of a time finding a parking space. Next to impossible during a busy lunch hour or evening when everyone in Charlotte decides to shop at Trader Joe's. If you're lucky enough, snag a spot on the street for easy in and out of there. Not fun when you're on a time crunch for a meeting or getting back to the office. The space inside is pretty small. Not hospitable for 50 hungry, business professionals from Uptown. Standing room is limited. Get ready to brush some shoulders!The order system is hilariously fun. You mark your order on designated bags with red sharpies and then they hang them above the makeline! Really fun to watch. With my imagination and heart being that of my 4-year-old self, I really enjoyed this. It makes it fun to order what you want on the sandwich and not go with the cookie cutter choices like other sandwich shops. The house chips are really good, too. Seasoned lightly and served in an innocuous paper bag. I appreciate that. I ordered the chicken salad. I probably added way too many toppings, but it was good. A bit on the creamy side, but the bread was thick and chewy. It made up for the overt creaminess. The buffalo sauce they have is a nice addition! I'm sure it would be great on just about any sandwich they have there. Pretty solid choice for lunch. Beware of crowds and parking crazies!
3	I obtained a few coupons from work so I decided to check Which Wich out for lunch. It was quite busy and being a newcomer I was a bit confused at first. Until I saw the towers of brown paper bags and figured thats how I ordered. Weird I thought at first but hey, its original and that helps. I ordered roast beef, whole wheat toasted. The sandwich was good, lacking somewhat in the meat department. But all the ingredients seemed fresh and it was brilliant of me to put horseradish and Dijon mustard on the sandwich.
4	Which wich should I talk about first?  Jaaaay kaaaay.  I'm being silly.This is a great place to stop by for lunch.  This one is located at the Metropolitan area, so I know that people might complain about the whole parking situation.  If you're already shopping in this area, I highly recommend stopping by.When you walk in, you'll be able to see the menu on the right-hand side.  Note to not stand in line just looking at the menu, you'll have to grab a brown paper bag to fill out your order!  I didn't know that, so I stood there for awhile until I finally realized what the dilly-o was.  Whew!The staff is pretty nice.  The food is good.  ALL the times I've been there so far, I've only ordered the Buffalo Chicken wich.  Pretty good.  I can't seem to stray away from it.  Beware though, if you go right at lunch time, it'll take a while to get your order.  I learned to just go either early or later for lunch.  All in all...a nice place.
4	I'm a fan of which wich.  I've been here a few times and each time the food and service have been good.  I also think its neat how you place your order by choosing the bag and marking what you want on the sandwich.  I would definitely recommend WW if you are in the mood for a quick sandwich.
3	Same great Which Wich, now with 50% more slooooooooow.  Maybe it's just me but it always seems to take twice as long to get my sandwich here as at the Park Rd location. That being said, the sandwiches are just as tasty. Which Wich is quality product and it is because of that I am willing to wait, and to brave parking at the Met...on a Friday evening...on my way to the airport. So swing by when you have a (generous) few minutes. I suggest the gyro or black bean patty. And don't forget to load up on the olive spread.
4	I work near this location and since it has been open i have been there multiple times... Food and services have been great every time! How to order takes a little getting used to, but when you get it figured out your good!When you order a cookie it comes out warm and gooey, would def recommend getting one.. and if you fill out the survey (details on the bottom of your receipt) they will give you a free cookie!  I would say that if your in the area stop in and grab some lunch!!
4	More than anything else, I loved the concept. With places like Subway, I always feel hurried into making my selections when there are people waiting in line behind me, but at Which Wich, you just pick out a bag, mark all the meats / veggies / sauces that you might want, put down your name and hand it to the servers. Their buffalo chicken is really good, but that's the only thing I tried so I can't really say much about anything else in comparison. The veggies were really fresh and my sandwich was neatly wrapped up. I tend to be a messy eater, so I give extra points to anyone who wraps up sandwiches in a way that I don't get mayo down the front of my shirt. Parking can get a little tricky since this is right in the middle of the Met area, and although I went here on a Saturday, I can imagine this place being really busy on weekdays during lunchtime.
4	Oh hmm. Walking in here, seein bags with markers. Do I get to fill in bubbles like I did in school?! Why, yes. Yes I do. Now mind you, this place is definitely going to be hard if you're intoxicated, luckily I wasn't.So I stroll up trying to figure out how to order and at the same time not being weird doing it. So I decide to get a French dip sandwich, get the bag to fill it out and then I say what the?!? What should I put in a French dip sub? I think mozzarella with pesto and caramelized onions with tomatoes, bell peppers, and mushrooms will do.Now, if you think that's not a French dip sandwich, you're probably right. I like to think of it as if a cheese steak sub got it on with a French dip sub in the sandwich producing line, this oddly shaped overflowing sub comes out. This is the French cheese steak dip.And the verdict. Awesome. As this restaurant goes along with that as well. I'll definitely come back here. The only downside to my 5 star recommendation is that it is a little pricey, but still...add on all those add ons and you're golden.
4	I first experienced Which Wich in Texas. It was an instant hit with me. I was pleasantly surprised to see it in Charlotte. It has tasty sandwiches and lots of choices too. And just the way you want it. You pick a brown bag that accompanies the type of meat that you want and proceed to use a sharpie to fill in the meat, cheese, toppings and spread. just the way you want it and in a cool way. They also have chips, cookies, rice krispy treats and shakes. The sandwiches are very tasty and you can get a combo meal. They even do a punch card for frequent members for a free sub. This location is relatively new and the staff is especially helpful. Each time I've gone in, once I enter, someone comes from behind the register to greet me and ask if I've been there before and am familiar with the process of ordering. That's very cool. Prices are reasonable and the sandwiches are awesome. You definitely need to stop by and order a sandwich here.
3	Went around 5:30 (not busy at all) and got a toasted club sandwich. Service was friendly and the sandwich was great. And they have Mr. Pibb. (Sorry, Pibb Xtra) Would definitely return.
3	Pretty cool place. It's like a much better version of subway, quizznos, etc. I thought it was going to be  alittle more homemade, but it was good.
5	My favorite sub place. They are all very tasty! Another thing I love about this place is that every employee is so nice. Never seen happier and politer people working. I go here at least 3 times a week and it's been great every time
4	Overall this is a pretty cool place with very good sandwiches.  I must have looked lost when I went in for the first time because the guy behind the counter patiently explained the process.  You pick a bag from a group (beef, pork, chicken etc.) then you check off what you want, things like a choice of mustard, cheese, types of other garnish, cold or toasted etc. Then you write your name on the bag and hang it up.  They were not very busy when I was there so the guy gave me a free drink and we chatted about the sandwiches and sides.  The price was right and my Cuban came out hot, crispy and very tasty.  The only issue I have is the downright horrible parking situation but that is not Which Wich's fault.  Just be aware, if you are in a hurry or easily frustrated, go somewhere else, even in a non-rush time (4:00 PM on a weekday) I had to go to the third level of the parking deck and it was agonizingly slow going.Check them out if you have the time. They bring a whole new meaning to "brown-bagging"
5	Great sandwich with fresh ingredients! I couldn't believe all the choices they give you. I was like a kid in a candy store...I LOVE a good sandwich! The service was great as well. We will be back
4	Friendly staff. Speedy service. Taystee sandwiches.
5	Have to start out by saying yum! I'm your basic turkey on white with mayo, lettuce and tomato girl. If I'm feeling frisky that day give me vinegar, oil and pickles. My fav chain sandwich place is Jersey Mikes, I like their bread and meat. Subway is a NO go and I've been way outdone on Jimmy John's. I've been wanting to try Which Wich because my BFF said it was pretty awesome. She was right. Walk in, get a bag, mark off what u want. Any picky person can be picky here, they'll accommodate you! They have some oddball stuff too for the brave palate. The turkey meat is fresh, Tatar just like Jersey Mike's. I got pickles and they were crisp and super yummy. My friend told me about their house chips and I grabbed a bag of those too. They have a unique flavor...which is a good unique flavor. They come in a bag that seems like they're made in house (as name would suggest) try them! If it's your first time u get a free large drink...that's pretty awesome to me! It comes in a refillable cup which if u bring back u save $.50 cents. Environmental friendly ;)  3 different sizes of sandwiches...I had a small which is 7 inches and only ate half to get full. It was $5.50 which I consider cheap compared to JJ's and Jersey Mikes. You can also create a salad bowl (not an option at JJ's) or a lettuce wrap (not an option at Jersey Mikes). The staff was also super nice and friendly. They great u as soon as u walk in the door and are really fast too. As soon as I fixed my drink my wich was ready. A lot of specials....one day is kids day, a day for medical staff, punch cards, etc.
4	Very accommodating & friendly. We had an amazing bowlwich, "wich" was amazing!! Makes us want to try a sandwich next time....
4	Really good sandwiches with thousands of options.  My wife and I have been here a couple times, and each time I am pleasantly surprised with what I get.  The truth is though, with so many options, it can be hard to decide on what might make a good combination.  I've enjoyed their R&D special sandwiches as well as some of their vegetarian options, but I look forward to trying something different each time we go.  It also can get a little pricey, so don't consider it in the same range as Subway/Jimmy Johns.  It's better quality, and more expensive as a result.Their bread is real (looking at you Subway), their ingredients are fresh, and we'll be back every time we're in the mood for sub sandwiches.  No other sandwich place needed.
5	So many choices, and it all looked so good. Mine was very tasty and the staff was friendly and helpful. I will be coming back.
5	This place is the bombidggity.com!!  The Matthews location was new when I first tried this chain, so the service was super slow(understandable).  This location is well groomed and gets you in and out with your order being perfect.  With all the choices you get to pick or not pick, the speed is quite impressive!!  I would stress that if you are feeling indecisive, this won't be the best place to dine.  I don't like standing in a line and being rushed on my order so this place suits me perfectly with a brown bag and marker to stand and choose my pickins.  Black bean patty is DELISH!!!  Little heart burn after but so worth it!!  Everything is fresh and delicious and will have you craving it daily!!  They give a frequent customer punch card to earn a free sandwich and it doesn't take 20 punches like most places to earn one.  Go!  Go!  Go!!
5	Never saw this place and so I decided to check it out. Very interesting concept. The service was friendly.  I was asked if I'd been there before and when I said no I was walked through the process.  The sandwhich I ordered was very tasty and reasonably priced and they have three different sizes for their sandwiches.
5	First time I ate here was at the one in Matthews. I wasn't to fond of my sandwich. It was my fault to say the least. This time I ask the cashier what he would recommend. My sandwich was so good. He even gave me a free cup. Everything was fresh. I will definitely be back with coworkers next time.
