4	Le Tigre meets every definition of a Madison original.  It is a cocktail lounge in an out-of-the-way strip mall that is done up in full tiger-stripe regalia.  The place exudes the type of effortless charm that comes from years of just being that way.  There is a thin line between amusing and cloying when it comes to kitsch - think 37 pieces of flair - but the decor of Le Tigre doesn't come over as forced because it has the throwback vibe of timelessness.  If you go to Le Tigre, you're going to see a lot of tigers.  And if that were all, you'd go once and cross it off the list, been there seen that.  However, the atmosphere and attitude at Le Tigre is so much more than a lot of tigers behind a bar.  It has that kind of don't-give-a-damn charm that is both unpretentious and cool.  The best way I can describe Le Tigre: it's like having all of your friends over and hanging out in a kick-ass living room bar, but full of tigers.  That's actually not a good description at all, but a place like this is hard to put into words.Le Tigre is located in the strip mall on the north side of the Midvale/Beltline interchange, next to a hardware store and a Mexican grocery.  It is a bit hard to find the first time, but once you do you'll realize you've seen it from the Beltline hundreds of times.  The atmosphere is the definition of chill.  The bar is a bit long and narrow, with tables arranged as you first come in and a bar running along one wall.  The blinds are always closed, so rain or shine it is always the same level of darkness in the bar.  There are an assortment of smaller tables, perfect for 2-4 people to have an intimate conversation.  The bartenders are all friendly and quick.  I've never tested their collective knowledge on drinks because I believe I always order a Tanqueray and tonic, and for what it's worth it is my favorite G&T in all of Madison.  There is a full bar though, and I've seen the bartenders mix up a myriad of different drinks.  I'm not entirely sure as to the beer selection, since this place always seems to befit the clinking of ice in a rocks glass as opposed to a pint.  The jukebox selection doesn't exactly match my personal tastes but fits the bar to a tee.  What I do especially enjoy is the live jazz on Tuesdays and Thursdays.  It serves as the perfect backdrop to a quiet conversation, just be sure to drop a few dollars in the tip jar as there is no cover.  The restrooms in this place are interesting, to say the least.  I would put Le Tigre at the top of list for having the smallest mens' room in Madison.  The most controversial aspect of the bar is the no swearing policy, which I have been repeatedly told about by others but have never seen actually enforced.  I had mixed feelings about this originally, mainly because I have a tendency to swear like a stevedore after a few, but it has never been an issue.  When you're sitting at one of the small tables the conversation tends to be at a low volume so there is little worry of being overheard.  When sitting at the bar I just keep it in my mind to hold my tongue, and I've never been called on an infraction.  Even if you do have the same foul-mouthed affliction as me I would still recommend stopping by Le Tigre just to experience it.  I don't know too many people that come away less than impressed.
1	Seriously? If you cuss the bartender will correct your word choice and possibly kick you out? Don't get me wrong, there's no need for gratuitous cursing, but it's called "colorful language" for a reason -- it adds affect. Besides, this is an adult establishment, right? Where are the impressionable children and easily offended nuns? P*ss off.As my accomplice said, "This place is a f*cking time warp." (Luckily out of ear-shot of the bartender.) That wasn't meant as a compliment. Rather, an observation of the tacky lounge-jazz on the juke box and inordinate amount of gaudy tiger decor filling up every square inch of wall space. Gag me.If I'm brought back here, I'll be the one kicking and screaming in defiance.*For the record, I did not get kicked out. I just didn't like the feeling of having to watch my language so closely when I'm, go figure, AT A BAR!
5	the absolute coolest place in madison. no make that wisconsin.  make that the entire midwest!  it's not hard to understand why it's called le tigre when the entire place is covered in tiger stripes and fur, there are seriously cats everywhere!  and the drinks are strong and cheap and so was the beer.  it was a little stinky, even though no one was smoking it was obvious this place had years of smoke stuck in it's tiger fur which they should maybe steam out or something.  or maybe that would ruin the atmosphere.  when my buddies want to go out this is going to be my first pick from now on,
5	"And now the purple dusk of twilight time steals across the meadow of my heart. High up in the sky the little stars climb, always reminding me that we're apart..."As we entered Le Tigre for a night cap, "Stardust" played on the old jukebox and I was overwhelmed by orange and the comforting smell of popcorn. My fiance and I ordered two rum collins cocktails to celebrate our "pre-anniversary". He's been frequenting Le Tigre and telling me all about it for a few months before I moved here--although he likes to pronounce it "lay tigray", I'll forgive him. It's probably not the local style to pronounce it all frenchy-like anyway. Voila."The medody haunts my reverie and I am once again with you..."There was a jolly group of friends sharing drinks around the lounge piano table, and another group behind us, choosing lots of great oldies on the jukebox. Fresh popcorn overflowed from the machine in the corner, and even after a big dinner, we couldn't resist the free snack. We had a great chat with the bartender and by the end of the night, dare I say we almost felt like regulars? That's the kind of bar I love.Bring cash--no credit or debit cards. Leave your ailurophobia at home. Hit up the jukebox.
4	Great music, lovely atmosphere. Reminds me of Bunny Hoover's bar in breakfast of champions for some reason.
5	This place has great character. I've been here at least 5 times, and I've only lived here for 2 weeks!
4	This place is great. Refreshingly different, good atmosphere, well made drinks and reasonable prices.Couldn't give the full 5 because of the location - it isn't close to anything.
5	Le Tigre is a hidden gem. I found out about it through a friend who pointed it out to me when I first arrived in town. He told me David Lynch famously said this is the "best bar in Madison." What's most awesome about Le Tigre are the bartenders. The owner has owned three iterations of the bar since the 50s, and his son bartends most of the time. His son is one of the nicest, most genial, and quickest bartenders you'll find in town. The bar attracts many locals and regulars who come in just to talk with him. This is another place you can feel safe coming to if you feel like having a drink on your own (and as a woman, it can be difficult to find such places).I don't want to ruin the suprise of Le Tigre's decor too much, but if you are a lover of kitsch, you'll love Le Tigre. The bar also has a jukebox filled with songs that have been in it since the owner opened the bar in another location in the 50s. Some notes: you can't swear in the bar. If you have a potty mouth and need to exercise it, go to another bar. Le Tigre also is cash-only, and there is no ATM, because the owner doesn't feel safe having one, so if you forget cash, you've got a bit of a haul to an ATM. Also, don't expect draught beers; you can only get beer in bottles here, though there is also a full bar.This is a local's bar, an oddity, a place you go to for a kick. It is not a  bar that caters to the jet set.
5	I feel like saying that this bar is a reported favorite of David Lynch should be review enough, but I'll try to gussy it up with usefulness or some such thing.  The odd location in a strip mall with an unassuming storefront seems just right for some reason.  As do the numerous tigers, tiger prints, and tiger carpet which lend themselves to the name.  The bartender was friendly, the atmosphere cozy, and the music classic.  Drinks were good and cheap.  A decently sized (and poured) Tanqueray and tonic and a Spotted Cow will set you back $8.  Other than the free flowing popcorn there's no food, no credit cards, and allegedly no swearing, though I did manage to catch myself saying "ass" and I didn't even notice I'd said "bitchass bitch" and nobody tossed me out on my can.  That doesn't mean you won't be given the bum's rush for your potty mouth.  I'll try to do better next time.  No Log Lady to be found anywhere.
4	Small, dark, lots of weird decorations, cash only, no shots, free popcorn, no swearing, 50's and 60's music playing, drinks priced right. This is a first class dive bar!!! The men's room was built for midgets. It's a bar you will either love or hate. I love it, mixed crowd and it's a fun time. Don't expect any food other than the popcorn. The owner told me one night, "this is a saloon for drinking not swearing"!!  WTF!!!
4	i used to live in the apartment complex that basically shared a parking lot with Le Tigre so I went here alot. like every weekend almost for a year or so. What a freaking time warp this place is!!Upon arrival, you will walk into a dark, small, horribly decorated bar with Frank Sinatra playing on the super old school juke box. No, you didn't travel back in time. You just feel like you're in the 1950s/set of "mad men" the second you walk in.Granted I frequented Le Tigre when I was 22-23 years old, my friends and I tended to get a bit rowdy and drunk in there and I'm pretty sure the owner dreaded us coming in there. Now that I am a bit older, I would really like to go back.The owner of the bar is the only bartender that I am aware of. He is pretty old and wears a tuxedo all of the time. He will also yell at you if you swear. huh?  Oh yeah - don't order shots!!! he don't serve em. All in all, Le Tigre is a good place to check out, atleast so you can tell people that you've been there.
4	Now, I have to preface my review with my first impression of this place.  My neighbor went there one night at the end of a long night of drinking.  He fell asleep at the bar.  What does that have to do with the quality of this place?  Nothing.  This is just an attempt for me to make fun of him.My ideal bar is a place that is not loud, not full of pretentious people, full of dubstep music, or has 30,000 TVs.  Instead a place where you can relax and have a conversation with friends.  That is what Le Tigre Lounge is.  Filled with decorations of tigers, tiger stripes, and retro accents, this place is also dark enough that you could make out in the corner and nobody would probably notice.  The drink prices were reasonable but there is not a wide variety of beers on tap.  Overall a great place to hang out with your friends, be around non-pretentious people, and have a good time.
4	What a weird place! Love all the tigers all over (wonder how many there are in there??); they even serve Tiger beer. Jukebox plays records, with 200 songs to choose from (lots of Elvis, some Tina Turner, The Animals...you get the idea). Bartender was both hilarious and attentive. The location is kind weird, being right off the beltline in a strip mall, but to me that just adds to the appeal. I've been reading about the "no cursing" policy, but I never saw any evidence of it when I was there...maybe I'm just that unobservant, but I didn't see any signs, and the bartender didn't seem to mind the occasional profanity coming from my group of friends. The reason for 4 stars and not 5 was that I was hoping the bathroom would be kitschy-cool...and it was a completely normal, brightly-lit, undecorated bathroom. Disappointment.
4	Let's. Get. Weird.This wasn't my first time here. And it won't be my last. The first time I was brought here, I had no idea what to expect. Now, anytime I take someone here I have to be super selective.Why?Because Le Tigre is one of those places you either "get" or you don't. It is as simple as that. Le Tigre Lounge is the type of place you go to when you want to sit, casually have a drink and have a conversation. Or people watch. Or rather, tiger watch. I brought someone here hoping they were going to "get it" (which, phew, they did), and we ended up being silent a good portion of the time. Why? Because even though this place is dark inside, it doesn't mean you see any less. Floor to ceiling with, yep, you guessed it, tiger inspired decor. This is not the bar to go to tie one on. A jukebox plays records. Beers are incredibly cold. There is a popcorn machine in the corner and the entire place is carpeted with tiger print. This is the place to go to for something to talk about for the remainder of the night. So go. Have a drink or two. But don't walk into here thinking you're in for a wild ride.Don't be put off by its locale. Sure, it might be next to an old hardward store and an abandonded taco joint (long live La Guatalajence), but that doesn't (nor should it) detract from the glory of this hole-in-the-wall. Sit. Sip. Silently be amazed.
4	I am a fan because of the very cool girls that were happy to see two gay boys from San Francisco.I also like the juke box . The Tiger decor....very well hoarded. The plastic seats outside to have a smoke. I do not even smoke but just wanted to talk to the cool girl. JUST TO BE HONEST.  I HAVE GIVEN THIS PLACE A HIGH RATING BECAUSE OF THE GIRLS...AND THE TACKY TIGERS...AND THE JUKE BOX, HOWEVER, MY MAIN REASON IS....Melinda told us that she and her Husband spent a wonderful, magical winter evening there dancing to Frank. I knew I had to see this place.
5	Fun fact: all of the tiger decor is DONATED! My husband and I have been wanting to go here for a long time, mostly because of the camp factor. It seemed really cheesy and fun. Turns out, it is AMAZING. Here is the low-down of why I love this place. Atmosphere - Outside of the very obvious and corny tiger decor, this is the kind of place you could come to in a cocktail dress or jeans and a t-shirt and fit in (I know because we saw that exact combination while we were there). If you stay for more than a few drinks, you might forget where you are or what time of day it is because it is quite dark inside. Other than than, it is a standard townie bar dressed to the nines, complete with obligatory free, stale popcorn. There is ample parking, but you might not want to drive (see Drinks)Drinks - I got a Tom Collins. My husband got a Manhattan. These are the types of drinks you should order at this place. They make a fabulous, no frills, strong mixed drink. As it should be. This is Wisconsin, after all.Staff - I've only ever been there when a younger man was bartending, but he was fabulous. He was chatty and friendly without being annoying. And he had a sense of humor about his white shirt and bow tie. Take home - Le Tigre is not only special because of it's camp and decor. It is fabulous because they put some crimson lipsick on tired, old hole in the wall and made her look like Scarlet Johansson.
3	Le Tigre summed up in a word: WEIRD. But that's the point, right? Located in a strip mall-ish building in a somewhat out of the way location - at Verona Road and the Beltline and right next to a hardware store, it ought to be weird if anyone's ever going to go there. Dark, kind of musty and with, obviously, tons of tiger themed or printed everything, this place is interesting to check out sometime in sort of a touristy way. I don't recommend getting a mixed drink. My G&T was the weakest, most tasteless I've ever had. But if you're in the mood for something different and low-key, go and have a couple of beers at Le Tigre. Or don't. You're not missing all that much.
2	I don't understand this place.+ Quirky decoration, with the heavy tiger theme and all that fun stuff+ Old, old school jukebox- Old jukebox; not much selection from other genres+ Tiny space- One bartender; takes forever to get drinks- No tap beers?- Limited bottled beer selection+ Free popcorn- Cash only- No ATM on-site (or anywhere nearby, that we could find)- "Bouncer" checks you for carry-outs as you leave? Seriously? Meh. No thanks.
5	You. must. go. to. Le Tigre.  I just love it. I do wish they had tap beer and a better selection in  bottles, but everything else about it is fantastic.  This is the most loungy lounge I've seen in...maybe ever - I don't imagine they've changed anything since the day they opened in like the sixties - including the music in the juke box - 7 plays for $1.00.
4	Awesome, quirkly little bar. Nice and cozy inside on a cold winter night, fireplace roaring with holiday decorations intermingled with all the tiger decor. Super friendly bartender was working, mixed up some great drinks at a great price. No tap beer and cash only. Not a ton of space, but it wasn't too crowded on a Thursday night. No food served.
4	Ok, most of these stars simply go to the fact that these guys took a theme and ran with it. Ran like a tiger beast! And while kitchy/quirky/weird usually doesn't get me going, my time has been pretty enjoyable. I dig the vibe. I don't dig that it's cash only and there's no ATM machine, and the closest is across the street, but other than that, it's a fun place to meet someone for happy hour, though I can't imagine ending my night here or staying more than an hour or so.
5	This place is for people who get it. If you don't get it, you definitely won't get it.
5	I do not even know where to begin.  This might be the greatest bar I have ever been too, and I have been to couple.  Our Madison friends wanted to take us here after our early show at Indie Coffee.  They enticed us by saying it's a TIGER themed bar in Madison's oldest strip mall and it's David Lynch's fave bar!  SO we said lets do it!  When we arrived we were the only patrons in the place.. It was pretty dark inside, but not dark enough to hide all the amazing TIGER photos, paintings, furniture, and Real Taxidermfied Tigers!  The bartender/owner was amazing, he looked like AL from HAPPY DAYS!Just like this... http://the701level.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/6a0105349ca980970c011571508c8b970b-320wi.jpg so you can Imagine my excitement. He was super nice and just looked like something out of a gangster movie!  You know like the guy who knows everything! The drinks were cheap, so you could get a round for 5 people under 20 bucks!  Which is amazing and YEP you guessed it I was drinking TIGER beers!The jukebox was out of this world, 7 plays for a dollar and all the records were old and scratchy.  Which gave the place a really wonderful vibe. Songs by Louis Armstrong, Elvis, Frank Sinatra, and Tina Turner were the soundtrack to our amazing and very memorable night!So the next time someone wants to take you to a Bar in a Strip Mall you better hope it's Tiger themed and in Madison!
5	The best little hidden gem in the city. They have a classic jukebox, bartenders that mix excellent drinks, and tigers everywhere. I love this place so much. Just don't swear...
