5	We rented two PeaPod travel beds for our toddlers to sleep in while we were on vacation in a Las Vegas resort. I called the day before we flew to Las Vegas and they delivered the equipment to our resort before we arrived. The PeaPods were clean and in excellent condition. I felt comfortable letting my children sleep in them. We had a problem with one of the air mattresses and when I called the office Melinda immediately, without my asking, credited me the fee for the equipment and set out to find a solution that would work for us. They had new equipment out to us within a few hours. What I loved the most was her great attitude and lack of the rudeness I encounter with so many businesses. We left the PeaPods with the concierge and Las Vegas Baby Equipment rentals picked it up. I would absolutely recommend this place to my friends!
2	This review is based on the service I had for my pick-up. Mind you my phone had died so I didn't get the first message that they were running late but after the 2nd and 3rd time I called to find out where they were and to hear that they were still "a couple of minutes away" was truly maddening. They were more than 20 minutes late by the time I took off to get on the shuttle to the airport,I don't know when they came to pick up there equipment because I left it at the front of the rental center. If you know that someone has a flight to catch you make sure that you are there to pick up your items on time. I had to run to make my flight with my 4.5 month old in tow, let me tell you not an easy feat. The stress was ridiculous all caused by this company that I will never use again.
5	We rented a bob duallie stroller, high-chair, tent, activity box and a box of toys. I called the day we arrived to Las Vegas and that same evening everything was delivered for a small fee. The items were clean and in great condition. The toy box was customized for my children. It was a hit!! Five days in Vegas with four children 2 years and under would not have been as easy as it was because of Las Vegas Baby Equipment. I recommend them. This company saved my sanity while keeping the kids happy.
