2	OK This is usually where I go for a car wash because it's convenient.NO matter how many times I tell them not to mess with seat position they always do! Also they never lock my floor mats back down after vacuuming??? I don't get it ,they know they unlocked them and moved them around ,why don't they have the decency to lock them back into place?And my car is really never clean enough either, Why do I still waste my money you ask............... Well I'm not gonna wash the damn thing!2* and half stars
2	I have to agree with you Sarah. I question why I still go here even after everytime I leave my car is scratched up. Sure it's cleaner than when I brought it in, but not as clean as it should be. I'm too lazy to wash my own car too.
3	Tried several car wash places around Ahwatukee and West Chandler, liked this place the best. Never had any of the problems the other Yelpers mentioned - no scratches, no changing seat positions or unlocked floor mats. But then I drive a Jeep, so it's kind of scratched up already (desert pin-striping, I think they call it - from the tree branches on mountain trails), the seats only really have a couple positions available, and I don't even have floor mats anymore). I do have a few after factory items, like a big ol' bumper with fog lights, which some places won't let me send through the automated wash, but these guys have never given me a problem. They won't let it go through when I've had the roof rack on though, but no other place has, either. Prices seem reasonable - there are a few different packages available, including a hand wax. Beware some of the scents they offer - I find them overpowering. Employees are hit and miss, some definitely more courteous than others. And they've got a frequent customer punch card that'll get you a free wash on your 10th visit.
3	Like the others, I come here for convenience and that's about it. I wouldn't use the word friendly, but the people are not rude, so that's a good thing. Decent size shop, windows to watch the car being washed, TV's, drinks, ice cream, greeting cards, the usual car wash stuff. I think it is a little over priced, but then again I don't always (or ever) feel like vaccuming my own car, so I pay someone else to do it. My car has never been scratched, if that happened to me, I would probably not be as likely to come back.
3	isn't mark consuelos handsome? i wish he had something to do with this review, but he doesnt. i just think he's handsome. my car is never super clean when i get it back but sometimes it was the closest to home. i once went back and told them my car wasn't wiped down very well, and that they didn't even vacuum. i gave up on this place but sometimes it's all you have. and an extra star bc mark consuelos is on my mind and he's so handsome.helpful hint: if you have a certificate for a detail don't tell them about it when you schedule. I tried 3 times to schedule to use my certificate and they were always booked. so one day i called twice and didn't mention the cert and of course they had time to fit me in. then WHAM!! slam that certificate on the cashiers counter. no appointment! same day. used my certificate. you're welcome.
3	Definitely convenience for us at Foothills.  We have never been unhappy with the cleanliness of our vehicles.  The window rock chip guys are a bit pushy at times, but okay.What I wanted to say about our last visit, the two gentlemen providing the finishing touches on our car were fantastic!  They were both very friendly and polite.  Our 5 yr tipped and the gentleman shook his hand while the other gentleman opened the door for our daughter and even bowed to her, making her feel like the princess she is!  For this experience alone, we will be back!
3	I would agree about convenience for the Ahwatukee Foothills area. If you don't use a coupon you are paying to much for the level of service you get.  They typically have $3 to $5 off coupons out just keep your eyes open.  For $19.99 minus $5.00 for a total of $14.99 it's worth it.  I only tip if the finish guy actually does his job.  If I have to point out water rivulets running down my doors then I don't tip, period.  Go for convenience not service.
2	This is in a good simple location.  After working full time, a baby, and all of the other life things...sometimes I just don't have the energy to wash my own car.  The last time I was here I they removed my custom chevy bowtie antenna (which was fine) however at the finishing area they had put it on completly sideways.  I had asked one of the employees if he had the wrench to tighten it and straighten it (since they did take it off)  he did not speak one word of english so I gestured with my had I wanted it straight.  He grabbed it with his hands and started twisting it.  I did tell him no several times progressively louder, but either the lack of english or him being smarter than me in that matter he continued.  Just as I was reaching up to stop him, he snapped my custom bowtie antenna in half.  No, they didn't offer to fix it, or even give me a free wash or two..
2	"Meh" across the board. It's a "meh" smorgasbord, if I may be so bold.They vacuum the car, but neglect to vacuum any hard-to-reach spots. So, your floorboards will be clean but you'll still have french fries stuck between your seats.They send the car through an automatic wash. Yawn.They put your car through the "finishing" routine where people definitely appear to be working hard to scrub off bugs, clean the rims, polish the windows, and so on. Don't let them fool you--they're moving a lot, but they're not working that hard.A spot inspection of your car may not reveal any obvious issues, but once you're five blocks away, you'll start to notice the windshield is streaked, there are crumbs in the leather wrap around your shift knob, and so on. Basically your car passes the squint test, but it doesn't hold up to any kind of scrutiny.Pay the 10-year-old kid on your block $5 to wash your car and you'll get about the same result.
4	I had a nice experience here.  Steve did a nice job cleaning my headlights and paying attention to details.  This place may be a little pricey but I will go back every once and a while for a good clean and hand wax.
1	The other reviews are pretty accurate.  These guys don't take the time to do anything more than push the dirt around.  Definitely won't be going back here.
1	I wish I would have read the reviews before I decided to spend my money here. I spent 54.99 on getting my car washed and cleaned inside and out. There was still stuff on my floor boards, they didn't even clean the dash or anything else inside the car. They didn't wash the rims, I still had dirt under my spoiler. 54 bucks wasted!! I could have done 10 times a better job by myself than all 5 of them that did it!
3	Is your car dirty?  These guys will wash it for a fair price.I've gotten special #1 before and special #3.  I can't tell the difference and still noticed things they missed after getting the special #3.  Stick with special #1.It's not going to be perfect.  They'll get the dirt off, it'll look shiny and clean for the most part, but if you pay very close attention to detail, you'll see that there is none.  There are water spots left over, some cleaner left in crevices, etc...Bottom line, it's a basic wash for a basic price.
1	Could be the most inefficient operation.  They had one guy moving cars and four other guys standing around. Took over an hour to get a wash, and that included no vacuum as well.
1	This car wash is mediocre at best. I asked them specifically not to spray my dash and they did any way. A friend of mine got pushed into fixing his windshield by the vultures who hang there. They did absolutely nothing but tried to bill his insurance for $60.  Luckily he was able to cancel it with the insurance. The car wash was gets a cut from these guys. They are nothing but crooks. I am staying away from both of them
4	I was happy to locate this car wash which was situated near Sam's Club on E. Ray Road in Chandler, just off of the I-10 freeway.  They did a great job on my car since I had just driven it over 800 miles.  They took their time wiping down the car and didn't miss anything.  They even had a 48 hour rain check which I unfortunately had to use because it rained that night... Can you believe that, rain in Phoenix?  They washed the exterior again the next day and for NO CHARGE!  So, next time you are in the area, get your car washed at Foothills Car Wash and gas up at Sam's Club.
4	I don't usually TIP for a carwash since they have already charged me extra for being "oversized" (the Truck, not ME) however........today I scraped off some old window stickers and then went to Foothills Full Service Car Wash corner of Ray Rd & I-10 in the JCP parking lot.I was inside watching when the young guy grabbed a spray bottle and a rag and scrubbed and scrubbed on the old sticky residue left by the aged window stickers.  Great Extra Effort on his part!Sadly I only had one $1 in my pocket so I gave it to him and hopefully this Shout Out is worth something too!
2	I've been here twice.  The people are very friendly, and that counts for something, but the actual quality of the wash is somewhere between 'Not good' and 'Unacceptable'.  I have a sports car, and both times I've come, I've asked for a hand wash, and both times the guy at the entry said something to the effect of "Hey man - let's just run it through the machine.  I promise it won't hurt it!" which was true - it didn't hurt it, but it also didn't really do a good job of washing it either.If it's convenient to stop here, go ahead - I don't think you're in danger.  But if you want a good car wash, this ain't it.
3	If you get the cheaper car wash... They don't do a fantastic job. If you get the bigger packages then you get better cleaning service on the inside and outside. So yeah, spend more get more. It's a busy place so go early if you are in a hurry. Otherwise plan on 30min-1hr!
5	Worse service I ever had. Only takes one time. Then spoke to manager who went above and beyond. Can't please everyone but they did put forth the effort and knocked it out of the park. Highly recommend coming here. Great staff great customer service. This went from a two star to a five after they went above and beyond. They took the extra time and vacuumed it proper cleaned the glass the seats everything. This cars never looked better! Went from bad service to wow service real quick. Nicely done. And thank you.
1	Decent car wash, but they have someone from a windshield replacement company on site that tried to scam my 78 year old mother into replacing her windshield. They even went as far as calling Allsate insurance for her and stared a claim. When the adjuster inspected my mom's car he told her that the chip in here windshield was to small to even require sealing and rejected the claim. When my mother told  the replacement company about this they said "that's OK you can pay cash for the replacement". And she firmly told them NO and they still keep calling her. Stay away from this place!!!!
2	Please be careful here... They scratched my car and I thought the interior cleaning was poor. They seem to rush the car wash process. I'd look somewhere else.
1	Service here has went to crap. Ised to be the best place to get your car washed. Got the $25 #3.... Had to remind them about tire dressing, and my Jeep is still very dirty. Save your $$$$. Go somewhere else
5	I don't understand the negativity on some reviews of this place. It was super quick efficient and overall thorough. I recommend this place to anyone who is questionable.
