4	Homemade fried cheese balls!  Sily & milky mozzarella covered in breading, deep friend, and served with a center bowl of sweet & tangy marinara - delicioso!  Tortellini with pesto sauce was rather tasty as well, and the service was outstanding.  Maybe it helped that it was a slow lunch day, but the service was good nonetheless.Portofino has a cross of traditional bar & grill appetizers & entrees along with a modest selection of pastas and fish.  The menu is quite diverse.  Casual dining atmosphere with a somewhat tropical feel because of the painting and fish tanks.  Nice bar area.Bar area is happening on Friday evenings and Sunday afternoons.  Happy hour is 3-6, and late night after 9pm (half-priced apps & discounted beer, etc.).Normally I don't get this excited over a place but overall the review is positive for the outstanding food, and the service was also a plus.**note: this is the old Hammerhead's location on the NW corner of Deer Valley & 67th Ave.
4	Always in search of good non-chain restaurants on the west side of town (a rarity) so we tried Portofino for the first time since they took over the old Hammerheads location.  Excellent food and service!  I ordered the portofina linguini and was impressed with the quality and amount of seafood in the dish.  My husband ordered the chicken parm and my mom ordered their version of the reuben.  Everything was very excellent - portions were huge and we ended up taking home left overs.  However at 6 pm on a Saturday night there was only our group and one other.  The bar was quite full and maybe because of the Suns game everyone was in the bar but I hope to see more people in the restaurant so it can survive.Decor is mostly the same as Hammerheads including the large fishtanks
3	I think this place needs to figure out whether it wants to be a nightclub, sports bar, Chuck-E-Cheese, or Italian restaurant. The ambiance has been taken down a notch since it was Hammerheads. Pool tables and arcade machines, and pool toys hanging from ceiling in the dining area - yikes. There was one kid playing a shoot-em-up game and another playing with the pool balls. Soft Italian music over the audio would have been much better than listening to the kids play, and the racket of the drunks coming in from the adjacent bar.We showed up around 5:30 on a Friday night and there was only one other table being served in the dining area despite the parking lot being full (everyone was in the lounge). There was only one waitress working the dining area, and she was also working in the lounge. She was trying hard, but it was only her second day on the job. Both her and the bus-boy were dressed as though they were working in a dive sports bar, not a nice restaurant. Kind of a turn-off. She told us all the food and drink items on the menu were $2 off for happy hour, but that was not the case when we received our bill. Turned out only bar food was $2 off. (we still got happy hour priced drinks, though)As an appetizer we ordered Calamari, and I gotta tell you, it was fantastic! Large chunks of tender squid in a very light, flaky batter, served with a nice boat of thick marinara sauce. Best calamari we ever had, for sure. Just wish it was a more ample portion.My husband (it was our anniversary, BTW) ordered veal scallopine sauteed in a lemon sauce with artichoke hearts, mushrooms and capers. He loved it, although according to him, you really have to love lemon. I tried both a bit of the veal, which I thought tasted a bit "gamey" (guess I'm not a veal person) and the sauce, which I didn't care for at all. I will definitely not ever order that dish.I ordered the Linguine Portofino, which was huge butterflied shrimp, mussels, clams, scallops (or should I say scallop, since I only found one in the whole dish) and squid in a rich tomato sauce served over linguini. I think the noodles (a generous helping)  were home-made and they were delicious, as was the sauce.  Both our dishes were served piping hot.Closer to 7:00 pm the dining room filled up more, and my husband and I definitely felt over-dressed compared to the other patrons and wait staff, who were all dressed as if they were in a sports bar.Although our food was very good, the people at one table kept returning their food items (maybe it was because they couldn't stand to eat it after one of the millions of black flies that were milling about the dining room landed on their food). Portofino definitely needs to do something about the flies, which made the atmosphere even less enjoyable.I'll give the authentic food a 4, the service a 3, value a 3.5 and the ambiance a 2. I'll go back, but probably to check out the bar entertainment and not for a nice special occasion dinner.
1	Walked in, stood at the hostess desk until someone from the kitchen (we think) told us to seat ourselfs, sat down for about 10th minutes with waitresses passing us ten times. We finally left. It was not busy. Lousy service. Will not return.
