5	Fast, efficent and available. My son came in with a fractured finger tip and within an hour he had a splint and xray and was out the door.
5	I had a great experience here. They were very busy but efficient and polite. I saw a very kind PA that seemed to always have a smile and she took time to explain my treatment. I would go here again but I hope I don't need to.
4	This Urgent Care has good hours. I got the female PA the first time I went. She was great and gave me the proper antibiotics for whatever I picked up in the spring winds. The male dr, the 2nd time, however, is a different story. I had some sort of a sore or something on my back. It was getting bigger and bigger and I wasn't sure what it was or what to do, so I went to this Urgent Care, as it hurt. He gave me a prescription for antibiotics and said it would grow as I put heat on it, and to come back (another copay) and get it lanced when it was bigger. Well, it was already huge and it hurt!    I found out when I went to the chiropractor later that week--it was nothing that they thought. He said it looked like some accumulation of junk in that area of my spine. adjusted me really good there, and WITHIN A DAY, it went down to less than half its size, and continued to shrink. Until then it had been growing and growing. So, wrong dx by the Urgent Care dr, and glad I didn't have to waste a 2nd copay on them.  The front desk staff is always very friendly, and usually the people who take your blood pressure, etc are friendly, as well. I guess it just depends who you get and what you go in for, and what they are familiar with.  Except, I did ask if they handled this type of thing, and they assured me that they did.
1	Maybe I just had bad luck but this place was awful. I mean awful. I have a horrible rash that looks similar to "heat hives" and did a ton of research on my own before actually seeing a doctor. I went to this Urgent Care at 9am on a Wednesday morning and waited 1 hour before actually being called inside. Did I mention I was the ONLY person in there? So, one hour later I enter into my room and then proceeded to wait another 20 minutes for the actual doctor to arrive. Upon arrival the doctor was a little too friendly. He asked to look at my back, due to the rash, and the proceeded to pull out my shorts and look down my pants WITHOUT permission. I think a simple question about where my hives were would have sufficed over a visual answer without consent. Several moments later he continued looking all over my skin to then only tell me he did not know what it was or what caused it. Instead, he told me I had "Red Punctis," which is the literal translation for red dots in latin. WOW. After prescribing me a fungal medicine and anti-itch cream I proceeded to pay $135 for this miraculous healing. Granted, I do not currently have insurance but I basically paid $135 to get the latin translation of what I already knew was on my body.
3	Pros: clean, quiet, front desk friendly. Cons: provider spent less then 2 min. Office is cold, so bring something warm to wear. There was 1 person in front of me and it still took over 45 min to be seen. I can hear people in the rooms surrounding me but no doctor.  She didn't seem knowledgeable about one of the meds I take which is an immune-suppressor. I could tell she was pretending she knew but had no clue and was quick to exit the room.
4	I came in limping. Can barely walk. The RT named Jeffrey let me limp right by a wheelchair not in use. I said,  a wheelchair would be nice! He ignored me. Asked me where the pain was. I told him where it had been...then stood up to check and it moved so I showed him now where it was...I got a snarly, "oh, so now it's over THERE" like I am an idiot or a liar. Hopefully the dr will treat me better...not the first time I have disliked the way this guy talked to me.Girl at the front desk recognized me. Apparently I come in here too much!  She was awesome and brought me the paperwork so I didnt have to get up. This PA I got was fantastic. Very skilled in muscle issues. Quite friendly and knowledgeable. She kicks it up to 4 stars.
1	Slow slow slow!! Came to get a pre-employment pee test done. No one in waiting room at all and still waited almost 45 min to be seen!
5	I came in with my son on Sunday and, while it wasn't lightening fast, it wasn't te slowest ever. Front desk was nice and the nurse was great! She was sooooo nice and good to my son. Then we saw the doctor who is Tom who was REALLY good with my little guy. He was funny and polite and efficient. He referred my son to a hand surgeon and have us a DVD of my sounds X-rays and the whole bit. We had a great experience and I recommend this place (my second time here by the way.)
5	Hmmmmm....well the people who work here are super nice but there have been some snags after we left....we received a bill that they didn't send to the insurance...not sure why but they said they accepted our insurance and didn't even charge a copay so I don't get it. Need to call in but c'mon....I have a life to run here.....no time for this, honestly. And the second dr never called the next day like we were told (several days later) but I guess it's not that big of a deal, I don't know...just a little annoying....sigh*Want to reiterate that we were treated well while there.(I changed my stars. Please loon at my edited review)
5	I have to change my review. The manager called me to fix the insurance issue. She did this without me calling her. I can't remember but I think her name was Deborah? Either way, I will come back if ever an emergency. I also want to thank the manager for contacting me to rectify the insurance situation. She was so nice and helpful and I have never experienced a hospital of any kind going out of their way to ensure I wasn't charged accidentally. So 5 stars!! All the way. THANK YOU!!!!!!!! Keep up the great customer service!!!
5	Receptionist Cesily (not sure if that's spelled correct) was friendly. Jeff took my vitals and made my visit as fast as possible and was extremely helpful. Jason gave the the final news and gave me my post op shoe for my broken toe. Super nice. Went home with a cd of my X-rays and a list of podiatrists. What a day! Must be the almost-full moon. Sigh. :/
5	I had to go in for a pre-employment test and the day of the test my printer stops working. I called asking if a digital copy of the paperwork would be ok and the receptionist was so understanding and offered to print it out at the office for me. I really appreciated how helpful she was!Every employee I interacted with was professional, friendly (everyone had a smile), and answered any questions I had.  I was in and out quickly and would definitely go back if I needed anything else taken care of.
5	Wish i would've known about this place yesterday (sunday) since they were open and my teenager tells me at the last minute that he needs a sports physical for basketball tryouts by Monday after school! Staff here is super friendly and funny We will be back, especially since physicals are only $35 no appt necessary.
5	I went here to get some burns on my arm checked and they got me in and out fairly quickly. Gave me in-depth info about my wounds and some awesome bandage sleeves for my arm. Appreciated the follow up call a few weeks later to see how I'm doing too!
