5	Crave was the hip, non-smoking bar in Madison before it became illegal to smoke anywhere, and for that I respect it.  All imported Italian furniture, and the best martinis in Madison, be prepared to drop a lot of money on drinks.....unless you wait until after 11 when the martini price drops to $4.50.  Check out the Lemondrop...my favorite.  Usually a classy crowd, although the secret seems to be getting out, which is unfortunate.  Desserts are amazing, come here for a date and get a martini and dessert.  I haven't eaten here yet, but it's on the top of my list.  Love this place...5 stars.
5	If you want an upscale atmosphere and like martinis you should check it out.  Some might consider it to be "pricey", but like everything in life you get what you pay for.  I recommend the Butterfingertini.
4	This is a good place to stop if you're looking for a "trendy" bar & restaurant in Madison. The martini list is nice - the Hug (with fresh mango, orange juice and plenty of rum) was my favorite. I did notice that the accoustics in Crave weren't very good, so be prepared to say "What?" and "Excuse Me?" a LOT if the restaurant is busy! Food-wise, my portabella sandwich was very good, with lots of fresh ingredients... but the sweet potato fries were only so-so. I'll probably be back - just after 11pm next time, when they offer half-priced martinis.
4	I crave Crave. Their black Cherry Effen vodka with club soda is excellent. I appreciate a bar in Madison with no TV for sports and a modern, sleek  decor that gleams. Such a refreshing change from Dotties, etc. It was like they imported this bar from a chic, urban neighborhood from the West coast. I also enjoyed their Christmas decorations for the winter holidays. Tasteful white lights strung around everywhere and small tiny Christmas trees hanging from upside down on the ceiling. Somehow, it worked with the atmosphere. When we came on a Tuesday evening for a drink before 6 PM, we had the place nearly to ourselves, which was nice. It just loses a star, however, because I noticed that my boyfriend's beer glass had lipstick remnants on the rim (ew, gross) that weren't washed off properly.
1	What a lame place.  If you like your bars filed with pretentious sorority girls and self-important East Coast frat boys who took the time to take off their Uggs or baseball caps and put on nice dress clothes and act like they're classy, then sure, this place is good for you.  Oh, and while the martinis may be nice, don't bother asking for a Manhattan or any other drink with the level of difficulty a monkey could master - mine apparently was a "new" version that tasted awful.  So, with that said, it has that nice dark, classy bar atmosphere that other bars nearby do better.  Check it out for yourself, though.  I didn't come away too impressed.
5	I loved Crave.  It didn't seem like the type of place I'd ever go, but I've been fixated on martinis lately, and I wanted to go somewhere I hadn't been...and it's not far away.I had a Lemondrop and a metropolitan - both were great :)  The bartender was doing bar tricks, lighting things on fire, etc.  It was fun to watch.  Altogether we ordered my 2 Martinis, 1 Sidecar, & 1 Whiskey Manhattan - altogether about $36 ?  Not bad at all.  I'd definitely go back.  Some of their food items look good, but we didn't eat.
4	Great place to bring a friend from out of town, your group of girlfriends, or even the significant other for a drink.  Good drink specials (well if you like martinis), wonderful comfortable seating areas for large groups or small tables with candlelight for those intimate moments.  I've been here before where there is a DJ playing music on a packed weekend as well as the more quiet nights on the weekdays where Crave is a quick stop for excellent dessert and a glass of wine before heading home full and satisfied.
3	On weekends when there is a DJ the crave is NOT a place where grown-ups (i.e. non-undergraduates) can go and sip a martini and talk.  Since that is what I like to do when I drink my vodka infused with Butterfinger, I don't come here very often.  It's a crowded-ass club, and you will find yourself shoulder to shoulder with other thirsty patrons.  They do offer some creative drinks and a reverse happy hour (specials later @ night on weeknights).  On weeknights, there are quieter times, when you can get a booth and just chill.  I guess Crave caters to all different types depending on the night.
4	This bar will forever go down in history for being the location where my inappropriate friendship with KCF began. Aside from that, I LOVE CRAVE If you go for food.. please, please, please order the calamari! It comes on a bed of sticky rice with sweet and spicy sauce and grilled spinach.. SO GOOD. For dessert get the creme brule.. they load it with fresh fruit which makes it all the better. AND don't let me forget, the sweet potatoe fries!!There are always good looking people here, and the cosmos are 3 bucks (WHAT!! Yes, I am telling the truth) Until 11pm I do believe. Great place to have a classy birthday party or girls night out.. have a couple martinis and feel like you live in the big city, then at 11 head to all the dive sports bars that Madison is so famous for.
4	RIP CRAVE...  I was looking forward to our reunion when I return to the midwest this summer.. Unfortunately I was informed you will be closing..   LE  SAD
