1	Blah Blah..Where do I begin?? Well lets start off with the basics. This used to be a Bravi Pizza joint on the Northwest corner of Germann & Gilbert just off the SanTan 202 loop... AS for the food.. My wife and I ordered the "combo" app.. It had Zukes, Mozz Cheese sticks and Onion Rings.. Not bad, interesting flavors of batter. Served with ranch. Oh they served some sort of bread thing with a little garlic or something.. Stale and cold. The only thing that was warm was the marinara.. We ordered a 14" pizza with pepperoni.. The umm pizza showed up GREASY.. Above and below.. Sauce or crust or cheese or roni's were salty, or all the above. The crust had a flavor of garlic butter, at least we think it did.I hate to give 1 star for my first time ever at a SNY, but next time we will go to Patsy Grimaldi's instead and stick with REAL pizza! We won't be going back anytime ever!
4	Apparently I had a different experience here than Jason L.  But I suppose they had a few months to clean up their act.  I met up with a few friends, and S of N were having a two for one special on all menu pizzas.  We got two larges, and they were fantastic.  Yes, it was a tad greasy...but its New York pizza and that is how it is suppose to be.   We also got the BBQ wings, which were great. My only negative is that it took a bit long.  But, with two-for-one pizza I imagine they were getting pretty slammed in the kitchen.  I will be back, even with the new Native NewYorker down the street opening soon.
3	It's Labor Day ... everyone else is sitting in their backyard pools throwing back cold ones.  I needed carbs.  The carbs of choice was pizza.  The pizza of the night was Streets; it was the closest.  I didn't think the food was bad.  I actually liked the wings because it was a little different - kind of fried crispy without the heavy breading.  The server was attentive but had the personality of a pile of sand - so it just canceled each other out.  My husband's joke was ... it's New York.  Whaddyaspect?  I'd probably go back if I had a coupon.
1	Went here with some coworkers for lunch. Was not impressed with the pizza at all. The garlic bread tasted store bought. Will not return.
4	The thin crust pizza is your typical New York thin style, and was pretty tasty.  The crust has a garlic-buttery taste to it, which was a nice surprise.The pizza is good, but it's NOT what I come back for time and time again.  Their "New York Cheesesteak" is FANTASTIC!  I'm a big fan of all forms of meat/cheese subs from various places, and this one is pretty unique.  A french rolled filled with very tasty meat, onions, mushrooms, and an alfredo/gravy sauce...all sealed in the bread by some provolone baked on top.The place is big and clean, and the location is easy to get to(only a block off the 202).  I've only been there during lunch hours, so I can't comment on the dinner experience.
1	This place is "Meh!"  I've been a couple times with some friends and finally got to the point where I won't go anymore.  I can't say that the place is horrible or that the service is bad, I just personally don't like their food.The wings I've had are just blah; not crispy and tasting too much likes Frank's Red Hot sauce.  But what really irks me is the pizza.  I prefer New York pizza and grew up back East so I've experienced a lot of good New York style pizza.  I think that always makes me angry that the place is called Streets of New York and the pizza isn't even nearly as good as some slices I'd buy at some random place in the food court of the mall back upstate.  Even if I didn't have that expectation from New York being in the name, I still wouldn't prefer this pizza to pretty much anywhere else in the valley short of Peter Piper or Little Caesars.
1	Terrible pizza, ordered margarita pizza & the toppings slid right off the crust, and the crust was soggy.  Breadsticks tasted like icky too. Won't be coming back!!!Stay away from this restaurant!!!!!  Wondering if the same owner owns the Street of New York in Ocotillo area, their food is really good, not sure what happened to this one????
5	We planned a casual wedding rehearsal dinner at Streets of New York, near the site of the wedding. We live 600 miles away, so I had to make all plans by phone/email. The restaurant and its manager were great! The tables were set up and we were ready to go as soon as the wedding party arrived. All I did was embellish the tables a bit with some sparkly confetti, and it looked festive and inviting. The presentation was great, and so was the food! We had  crisp, fresh green salads and wonderful breadsticks. We ate a delicious baked ziti pasta, along with a number of outstanding regular-crust pizzas. We loved the Mediterranean pizza! We also had the New York, meat-eaters, vegetarian, Hawaiian, and a special one with pesto, feta, and sliced tomatoes. Each one was great! We ate our fill and had plenty left to save and munch on later. The service was superlative. I highly recommend Streets of New York on East Germann Rd. as a great place to get together with friends to enjoy some terrific food!
3	We really like Streets but this location leaves a lot to be desired.  I find myself repeating my order multiple times when I call in.  The order typically comes out in stages so my pizza is cold before the rest of my order is even finished.  The staff seems to be joking around most of the time instead of paying attention to the people walking in the door.  It's too bad because like I said, we really like the other Streets locations.
3	I find their pizza very good. It's tough to find a good NY style thin crust pizza in Chandler and theirs is one of the best in town (not the best ever, just in Chandler). I would give them more stars but unfortunately it's pretty pricey. I usually order a 3 topping large pizza, pick it up on my way home, and pay around $26... too much for a single pizza... :(
4	Best thin crust pizza I've had in a very long time!!! Cheaper than most places we have been as well. Wed is the day to go for cheap wine/pizza...just an FYI. Also we always get the same waiter and he's very friendly! Never disappointed with this place. Don't understand the low ratings on this location???
4	We love their thin crust pizza and are sad the location on Gilbert and Germann closed!
