5	So I was on my way to a show inside Planet Hollywood (fka Aladdin) and we walked by this place, and this guy came up to us. Holy shit. These guys will pay you to watch TV and drink beer. Let me type that again. These guys will PAY YOU to watch TV and drink beer! Holy Shit! So first we watched a movie trailer and answered a series of questions on a computer. Then we watched a 1-hour TV show and answered some more questions. The best part was when we got to sample beer and then answer what we liked and disliked about each. When we finished, they gave us a check for $42! So we spent about 2 hours in there watching TV, drinking beer, answering questions on a computer, and came out with $42 bucks. Great way to kill some time in the afternoon even though you'd lose it back in the casino later, haha!
4	My cousins/friends and I were walking around Planet Hollywood when a guy asked us if we wanted to earn $10. We were uninterested at first, but we had time to kill before our check-in.The guy told us we had to preview a new show (Skunk Whisperer) and fill out a survey. This all took about 20-30 minutes. Afterwards, we went up to the window, told the guy our names, and were handed a check for $10. Legit!The next day, my cousins and I were approached again to review something for $5, but this time, it was to test out different coffee creamers. We had time to kill before getting ready to go out AND I happened to be craving coffee, so yet again we got sucked in. 20 minutes of my time to earn $5 sounds a bit pathetic but hey! We're in Vegas and usually I lose much more than that on a slot machine! Also, I got free coffee =P
1	The guy said we could watch a movie trailer, get paid $20, and it would only take 10 minutes.Sounded like fun so we go upstairs and almost 10 minutes later are told we could only do a smell test instead and get paid $6...We weren't really doing it for the money so we figure, sure why not.  We are left in a little lobby area for another 10 minutes and have no idea what was going on so we just left.  Could have been fun but seemed more like a waste of time that we didn't exactly have a lot of it that day.
3	This place is hit or miss. Sometimes they have amazing surveys like beer tasting for $50 while others its sampling trail mix for $2. As a local its always nice to know you can kill some time and make some $$.
4	Anytime we are in the PH mall we will swing by to see what they have. there is usually someone out front looking for volunteers. they sign you up and you head up the stairs (or elevator) where they have a bunch of little rooms where you watch or sample shows or products. we have done several previews most often we get to watch a couple episodes of a tv show (spike, discovery, tlc networks) you answer a few questions after and they send you on your way with $10. we have seen several of the previews actually make it to tv. a few years ago we were in a focus group for shorty's rescue (pit boss.) that one paid $100. My most favorite....beer tasting. You heard right. They put us in a room and served us eight glasses of ice cold beer. (i think the one we were testing was number two) We watched some ad promos and gave our personal likes and dislikes. then they brought in a beer. we answered a bunch of quesitons while the computer walked us through tasting and judging. the beers were ice cold and tasty. when you finish one they bring you another. when i finished number three (after about 10 minutes) i realized i had 5 more to go...yikers. they gave us crackers and bottled water to cleanse the palete. anyway after finishing eight beers we collected our $80, a gift card and staggered down to the mall. With eight beers down i found myself slightly buzzed....okay fairly drunk. we cruised around the mall, grabbed a burger at cheeseburger and  wondered over the bridge to bellagio to marvel at the shooting water. we had good time, picked up a little cash and hopefully they got some good opinions (at least on the first 3 or 4.)
