1	Do you love big sloppy pieces of pork fat covered in barbecue sauce? If so please come here!!I'll be as nice as I can since I've only been here once and only had one item.   I had open faced pork sandwich with a side of coleslaw.   The pork was sliced thin but was 50% fat. and no, not just one piece of pork but the entire plate of it, yuck!They must have forgot to add the dressing to the coleslaw because it was bone dry.  Yummy, I love raw plain cabbage! How did they know?I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and say I just got a bad hunk of meat because there is no way this place could serve food like that and stay in business.  If they change their name to "My Big Plate of Pork Fat with Sauce" it would better suit the meal I was served.---Re-reading my own review and now I'm pissed that I didn't send it back, I should have damn it!
1	I've been here several times, always expecting it to be better than it ever actually is.  I could complain about the prices, but I think my cousin and I simply agree that all BBQ joints are overpriced.So I'll complain about the food.  And the service.  I went in the late afternoon and the place was empty.  Our waitress looked sweaty and kinda high.  We missed the lunch menu (which actually only has 2 items) so we both ordered dinners.  My pulled pork was good enough and my okra was milliseconds away from being carbon.  We both inexplicably had to pay extra for the side orders that we chose to go with our meals.  My cousin said the cornbread (an extra 75 cents for no apparent reason) was the best she'd ever had at a restaurant and she enjoyed the hot links but when our bill came to over $30 we both thought that was about $15 too much.  My bbq beans were alright, nothing special.  I wish I had just ordered their "special", seasoned waffle fries topped with pulled bbq, cheese, and jalapenos.  Our waitress finished up her performance by adding up our bill incorrectly.   I'm on the fence whether or not to just ban the restaurant from my list of possibilities...I love bbq but ugh.
1	Now, being from the Midwest, I LOVE a good hunk of BBQ... and like Mathew, I didn't get that here. My friend and i were running errands and decided we wanted a quick BBQ lunch. The place was empty. We were the only people in the entire place. I have to say, the service was excellent... but it turned out that the guy who waited on us was the older brother of a kid I know, so we may have gotten preferential treatment. I suspect that they are just as attentive to strangers though. The place is very clean and comfortable in a tile meets pleather kind of way, but the food was way below my standards. I spent the whole time picking through the meat to find a few bites that were not filled with fat. It's too bad that they are willing to serve such fatty meat because the sauce and the side dishes were great.  If only the main dish had been as good as the waiter and the rest of the food.
4	Now I'm not from Kansas City but I started eating meat again awhile ago and I'm pretty picky about what kind of meat I put in my mouth believe it or not! I havent had a pork sandwich in a few years and I usually hate teh pork!! The way this was cooked, seriously it was not fatty or I never would have polished the whole thing off. I liked it that much! I have no qualms with throwing shitty food in the garbage where it belongs. The taste was really good with just the right smokey flavor the meat was tender and not dry. I was so full I didnt even touch my sides so I cant say anything about the fries, onion rings, or slaw. It was a bit pricey but this totally hit the spot for me the other night....that is all!
4	There's a huge banner out front proclaiming :" UNDER NEW MANAGEMENTTHE OLD OWNERS ARE BACK", but I didn't ask "for how long?", so can't say how that pertains to the less than stellar reviews showing up here.I got solid 4 star food and service.I definitely recommend choosing "Burnt Ends" as your meat!It is a mix of pork and beef brisket, but cut into hunks instead of shredded.  It's not burnt as the clever name implies, but the chunks give you plenty of crusty "BARK" full of smoky flavor.   My usual habit of mixing the sweet and hot sauces being offered worked out perfectly.The amount of fat in the meat was absolutely appropriate, unlike other reviewers have said.  It's needed for flavor, tenderness, and juiciness, which my sammich had all three of.If I went for BBQ and got 100% lean meat, I'd complain!!!!On a bizarre note, their fries were the exact taste and consistency of McDonald's fries!  Maybe a good thing to some people, maybe even great to some, but if they're not going to be the thick homecut wedges I'd prefer, then I'd say they should aim more for Wendy's fries 8^ )Service was great.  The decor was clean and full of stylized jazz musician paintings and sculptures.My only gripe is that I hate menus with rules, and this one was interspersed with the classic "No Substitutions" for the lunch special, and a few others.  No biggie, i understand they need to try to control some costs, and i'll be back regardless.
2	The last time I went I was sooo happy with the food now I'm sooo sad. The day before New Yrs Eve I was craving some good BBQ. I promised myself no more meat except fish starting New Years. So this was pretty much my last hoorah. I was looking forward to it ALL day!! I had a burnt ends sandwich with fries and onion rings. Well I couldn't even finish the sandwich! It was dry and tough and tasted pretty salty. About half way through my stomach started crying for help. I felt like dude on Man Vs. Food I was determined to eat it but it turned awful. I had to stop eating and I thought I was going to die. I had a gallon of tea after that and luckily pulled through alive. Not at all like last time. NOT ONE BIT!! Oh fries were not good either not like McD's they were pretty greasy more like Two Hippies but without the thickness. Onion rings were ok  meh nothing to write about.Still sad about the whole thing!
1	We were hoping to find some good BBQ here, but this was a big disappointment.  We got take out, beef brisket and pulled pork, a side of fried okra and side of coleslaw.   The staff was pleasant enough.  The coleslaw was pretty good, almost good enough to make me bump this review up a star.  The okra was nothing special, but probably didn't benefit from the few minutes in transit between frying and eating.But the beef and the pork were a huge disappointment.  For one thing, it was hard to tell which was which(!)  Both were sliced extremely thin like they had been cut on a deli slicer.  I seriously doubt the beef was brisket, as it was dry and lean.  Very little smoke flavor to the meat, and the sauce was lacking in flavor with an oddly metallic note to it.I hate to give a one star rating but BBQ is all about the meat, and the meat was ... just not good.  I don't know, maybe this was a fluke given that not all the reviews here are negative.  But I don't think there's any way we're trying them again.
4	Old owners are back and by that I mean the original owners from back when they occupied the Chino's building. Lunch here with Ryan C proved to be most excellent. I had the pulled pork large size not the smaller lunch size. They serve it with frys and pickle slices. The sesame studded bun was large enough and dense enough to hold in the mound of meaty goodness. No fat in this one folks. The frys were forgettable and the pickles had bite. The sauce I used was the spicy and it was perfect. More of a KS style, ketchup based sauce. The service was attentive but slow as they had a server call in sick. I would rather have slow service then a sick server any day. The guy next to us said he drives from Sun City just to eat here. That means he passes El Paso, Thee Pits, Shanes RibShack Just to get here. I tried a bite of the burnt ends... I love it. More like a tougher chunk not a pulled type but man there was a ton of flavor. I burped the smoke at dinner. YEAAHH!! Price was good, place was clean and people seemed happy.
4	Best bar-b-q in north Phoenix for sure.
1	I just moved here from Kansas and have been looking for a good BBQ joint.  We ordered the lunch special, which was a choice of a beef or pork sandwich with coleslaw and fries. We also got an order of rib tips. The food took forever, and there were only two other couples there. The  sandwich was tiny and served on a regular hamburger bun. The fries were average, and the coleslaw had zero flavor. The rib tips were cold inside. When I told the waitress, she apologized and said that they come frozen. She said that they get steamed before coming out.  I couldn't believe that a BBQ restaurant would have frozen meat. WTH?  This place was so disappointing.  I will not be coming back.
2	Came here with friends to satisfy a bbq craving.  When we walked in there was only one other customer with her baby but we didn't think much of it because it was a holiday and most businesses were dead.They didn't have much selection but I went with the bbq chicken sandwich, and my friends got the beef ribs and brisket.  Nothing was fantastic.  My bbq chicken sandwich was dry... I had to pour on bbq sauce.  I guess they forgot that it was a BBQ sandwich.  My friends ribs were unsatisfactory... mainly just a big bone with lots of fat.  She tried her best to get good meat off of it but it was scarce.  The brisket was not what I think of when I think of brisket.  I think of tender meat that melts in your mouth.... this just looked like roast beef on a plate.  I got a side order of cornbread but it was so dry that I couldn't get much of it down :(  So sad because I looooove cornbread.We also got dessert- peach cobbler.  Tasted more like apple crisp which really confused my pallet.... but I guess I wasn't expecting much at this point.I'll be looking for other bbq restaurants to fulfill any future bbq cravings because this place just didn't do it for me.
4	There are two places in Phoenix that have the BEST barbecue sauce.  Honey Bears is the "Not sweet" one, LoveJoys is the "Sweet" one.  Love them both.
4	Boy, am I ever glad we showed up AFTER the new management took over. Looking at past reviews is saddening considering the fantastic experience my family had at Lovejoy's. Ours was a totally impromptu visit. We were out car shopping when the kids started in with the "I'm STARVING" proclamations from the backseat. When we are out and about, my husband and I always try to find new places to eat, so when I spotted Lovejoy's we didn't hesitate to check it out.The waitress was very friendly and helpful. The food was incredible. We got the Family Feast and the four of us each chose a side. Potato salad, corn bread, BBQ beans and french fries (fries were chosen by our 7 year old. lol)The meat was melt-in-your-mouth tender. The sides were all very good as well. Even my 7 year old, who may quite possibly be the pickiest person on the entire planet, proclaimed the food as being "delicious"!We thought the price was more than fair and we took home leftovers that lasted for two more meals!!Last, but not least, the sauces were very very good! We will definitely be going back for more!
3	good food, fair prices, help so-so
2	I had been wanting to have barbeque for awhile. This was the only place that was close to me. I had read the bad to average reviews, but still decided to give it a shot.  That was a mistake. There was no other customers inside and the food was incredibly bland. I decided to go with the 2 meat dinner combo. It ran just under $15. I went with pork ribs and sausage. For my sides I had Mac & Cheese and baked beans. The thing that had the most taste was was the baked beans and they tasted like they came straight from a can.  I would not recommend going here to anyone. I personally will not be going back.
4	Really good food!!!! I'm so stuffed! Excellent service, the pork sandwiches we had were terrific & very BIG.Their sauce is good too. We'll definitely be back.
3	Tried a bbq beef sandwich here on way home from a mornin meeting.  It was tasty, but nothing to make me jump up and down.   I was actually hoping for a better bbq sauce flavor more reminiscent of bbq I have had in KC.  I will try here again because it does seem like a genuine home style bbq joint.  I should probably have tried a plate deal.
1	Had the brisket and the bbq beef sandwich + sides.  Everything was no good.  The meat was dry the sides were bland.  If you're looking for good BBQ in the Phoenix area I recommend Honey Bears or Bobby Q's.
