4	We took our kids to Circus Circus Adventuredome recently and we were all starving.  My first choice was to leave the casino and eat somewhere nicer, but we were all too tired and hungry.  Unfortunately, it was 4:00 and many of the restaurants close after lunch and open again for dinner.  We asked a security guard what was open and he directed us to Casino Cafe near the entrance of Midway.I usually stay away from casino cafes, because I've often found that the food is horrible.  Plus it's usually too smoky from the casino.I was pleasantly surprised to find that the food served here was remarkably good.  Perhaps borderline excellent "diner" style fare.  I ordered the Meatloaf for $10.95 and it was delicious.  They served three large slices that was covered in a tasty gravy with huge chunks of mushrooms.  The green beans were a little overcooked as was the baked potato.  Our server switched out the baked potato to mashed potato with a smile on his face. Two in our group ordered breakfast and it was cooked perfectly.  The hash browns were golden brown on the outside and moist in the inside.  The bacon was unbelievable.  My wife ordered a steak sandwich that was delicious and another in our group ordered the Prime Rib dinner that rivaled those at the steakhouses.  As we left, we actually decided that we will probably return to Circus Circus just to eat at Casino Cafe again!
2	HORRIBLE SERVICE. It took like almost an hour for a server to come to us. I felt bad for the people next to us because they waited longer but then they left because they got so fed up. It's way expensive and the food was decent. The coffee was really bad. It tasted like water but the food seemed pretty good. The server was nice I guess but still it didn't make up for the long wait and the "ok" food.They need more places open later at night. I don't get it, I thought there would be places more open at night since more people are out later at night.
4	Friday  we went over to the circus pile mostly to laugh at the fact it is low payment.  Then we seen a sign that said all you can eat prime rib for 10.99.  We thought we would give it a try and this deal starts at 2pm to 2am.  Service was real bad but a few slabs of great beef later the slow service did'nt matter.  A great meal for under 15 dollars in vegas.
1	a very cozy diner in a very hectic casino. lots of booths.ok service & not enough drink refills-never came back to ask how it was sirloin was great, salad was great , green beans kinda sucked cold & hard. soup was good only 2 noodles though. sausage was greasy. and spaghetti tasted like the plastic colainder that was used. yuck!!!what the hell is green beans w/spaghetti anyways
