4	This place has very good thing going for it.  It has traditionally cooked food and a great atmosphere.  It's definitely one to check out.  It's a very unassuming place, I drove by it many times and never even noticed it was there.  But it's worth the search.
5	This is the other top vietnamese restaurant in clt. The other is Lang Van. Saigon makes their own tofu so it is always cooked to perfection. Plus all the vegetables are crispy and delicious.  I would recommnend ordering something off their chef's special menu. You can't go wrong.Their pho are large and packed with meat. This is the place if you want non-greasy pho. Plus only 6.95 for a bowl. Its a WIN-WIN situation
5	Crispy quail with that salt/pepper/lime juice dip...absolutely like crack for me. Could barely stop in order to eat the pho, which lived up to my standards (I think--it was hard to taste it with all that zesty salt/lime flavor still on my tongue from the quail). :-)  Tender meat, perfect noodles, FRESH sprouts bursting with moisture, green basil (not blackened) and large, thinly sliced jalapenos.  AND they're open in the mornings, earlier than some. Woot!Don't judge it by the exterior...not prepossessing. But the interior is pleasant and the service was kind and swift.  Also, they have a garden patio off the interior--would probably be lovely on a warm day with the fountains fountaining and all.
4	Good, and a couple bucks cheaper on entrees than Lang Van/BT, although not quite as extensive a veggie menu. Homemade tofu will bring me to any restaurant, anytime, anywhere. Theirs is lightly flavored, but creamy in texture - yowza!! Best dish that showcases it is the Fried Tofu app (obv) so get that, if you're a tofu nut. I guess they made the cash they needed to open their joint off of money they made upon first moving to CLT, selling tofu to local markets. Way cool.Despite the balmy night, I wanted pho. So I got it. I did, however, make the mistake of not requesting veggie broth to go with my bowl of carrots, greens, noodles and (differently than other veg phos I've had) some canned shrooms and corn. Although smoky in flavor, I didn't really notice until the end of the meal, when I was asked how I like the house beef broth. Whoops. If you're vegetarian, don't be like me. Let them know. Fortunately, my belly didn't really care (odd).Booths are a little small, but what a RAD patio. Can't wait to try their bahn xeo, bun, et all. Awesome!
4	The food is good. Price is reasonable. Better than the other Vietnamese restaurant in the Charlotte area.
3	I was driving to Philadelphia from Atlanta and decided to give this place a try based on nothing but an ad in a Vietnamese paper.  We pulled into the parking lot, and noticed the outdoor dining area.  I figured this place must be pretty cool since that's a rarity with Vietnamese places, at least as far as I know.  When we stepped inside and realized we were the only people (on a Sunday), I immediately thought, This place is going to suck.  Not to mention the bare look of the interior.  I was proven wrong however.  We ordered the appetizer sampler with the stuffed chicken wing (what?!), vegetarian crepe, and grilled tofu.  The tofu was fabulous, as was the stuffed chicken wing.  The crepe was a bit too oily, but it comes in two crepes per order....and logically, two of a not so good thing would be not so good, right?  Nah, the value overrode the oiliness in this case.  The rest of the appetizer platter was good but nothing memorable.  I'll most likely never be back here, but that's more of a geographical thing.  I'd recommend it for a cheap satisfying meal.
4	Closed.
