2	I was excited to try this place because I saw it on a PBS documentary about Hot Dogs and I have been trying to go and eat at all these different establishments. I was staying in the Westward Ho and low and behold I stepped out of our room and there it was. True to the documentary the dogs are inexpensive (99 cents) and HUGE. Me and my buddy halfed them. Unfortunately, it both gave us stomach pains some time later. The hot dog is nothing really special epicurean wise. Obviously, it's the size and price that attract customers to help put quarters in the machines at Slots Of Fun. At least I can say I tried it and cross it off my list.
2	What a bad foot-long dog. The ones I had in middle school at lunch were better.The dog has no flavor is completely forgettable.Plus, they raised the price from 0.99 to 1.99...so while it may have been worthwhile at one point due to the price, its no longer the case.
2	Slots of Fun was a necessary stop during our recent trip to Las Vegas for the famous 99-cent half-pound hot dog.Oh, the disappointment.  The hot dog was definitely not a half-pound and it was double the price.  And the dog was mediocre at best.  Apparently the half-pound hot dog ship has long sailed.  Still, it was fun to visit just to say we've been.
2	I wanted to see what the hype was all about and to view it in person.  When we ordered it, it was way too thick that we had to cut the wiener in half.  Took a bite and man.... Did that taste yucky.  I love slots of fun, but not the hot dog.
4	Cheap hot dogs where down the street you'll get the same thing at 4 times the price. Certainly good for those on a budget and craving a snack. I would not make a meal out of this place, maybe split one or I guess maybe just go for it and eat one yourself. Not a place to sit down and have a nice meal. Service was "blah" but the hot dog was good. Atmosphere was disgusting fat and indigent people all over but what can you expect this is a cheap food venue in Vegas.Go for it if craving a cheap dog.
