5	Good doc and the office staff is awesome!!
5	Dr. Kim is excellent. He is my primary care doctor and has been caring for my family for three years now. Office staff are wonderful, the facility is new, updated, clean, and comfortable. Dr. Kim's bedside manner is great, and he always shoots straight without sugar coating it. I respect him, and I recommend his office to anyone looking for a good doctor.
5	Love the office, doctor is fantastic and so is the rest of the staff...fantastic customer service!
5	I have to say that I LOVE THIS PLACE! Everyone is awesome. By far the best doctors office experience I've ever had. I've been coming here for about 6 months now and I have never been treated to anything other than the best quality care by the friendliest staff. Dr. Kim is so thorough and spends quality time with me every appointment I've ever had. Most of my past experiences with doctors have been rushed; you know the feeling - as if you're cattle getting herded through the corral. Not the case here. Just yesterday I started getting an ear infection and I called to get an appointment. They were all booked up until Monday however I was told that I would be placed on the cancelation list and called if anyone canceled. Sure enough I received a call less than an hour later (I love their front office staff. They are the sweetest ladies!) and less than 24 hours later I'm sitting in the office waiting to see the doctor. That's pretty awesome. No one ever wants to go to the doctor, but when you need to please come see Dr. Kim. He'll have you smiling and feeling better in no time!
1	I went to see dr Kim about a concern I had regarding an irregular lump I had. With an extensive family history with cancer, tumors and cysts, of course I was highly concerned about it and the issues arising around the bump as well. When I saw the dr, as a new patient he never introduced himself. He thought my name was misspelled (it's unusual I understand) but instead of talking to me and asking if that was right and making conversation he just started researching my ID and information for the first few minutes of my appointment. He then went to tell me my family history has nothing to do with a bump on the outside except the cysts and told me it was so little and insignificant there was nothing he could do. Recommended a general surgeon, but said there was nothing else he could do and never even gave me a sort of indication as what he might think it is, where my issues were coming from if not from the lump, and actually told me there was no reason to come in. Even if that's true, any dr could've been more considerate and appealing to the patient at hand. The office staff was VERY nice and the person taking my weight and height was great, but the dr was rude, disrespectful, and not what you want with cancer on the brain. My in laws have been with him for years and will no longer be using them.
5	I've been with Brighton Family Medicine for over a year now and I'm glad that I'll be able to continue as a patient here with my new insurance. The location is convenient to my home. PLENTY of parking (unlike the parking lot of the physician I was seeing in the St. Rose office building). The office is bright and clean and the office staff are very professional. They do a great job and go the extra mile with referrals or just locating a good health care professional in my network. Dr. Kim is easy to talk to (especially coming from a PCP who brushed off any of my concerns, even when I knew, as a healthcare professional myself, that more intervention was necessary). Dr. Kim took the time to listen to me and included me in my own care plan, which I very much appreciated. If you're looking for a PCP, I don't think you can go wrong with Brighton Family Medicine.
