3	pros...if you need your car's oil changed, engine bay checked and windows washed and wiped down, and you are in a hurry this is the place to go.  from start to finish i was in and out of there in just about 25 minutes.  and it was quite busy too.  i must have had a couple of cars in front of me.  the guys working there were very professional and courteous as well.  freaked me out when they start calling me "sir".  cons...they specialize in only oil changes and other minor repairs, changing wipers, filters, and other things like this.  i wish they would do other types of repairs as well.  but then they probably wouldn't be so jiffy, would they?  prices are a bit steep, but they do get you out in 30 minutes or less.
4	Place is legit.  Cant really complain.  I came here with a groupon for a tire rotation and oil change and they made sure all my other stuff was checked up like air filter and tires filled with air and everthings all proper.  As long as you're not doing anything intense like major engine repair i think this place is great.   The customer service was top notch and very friendly.  Was greeted with "sir" and people opening doors for me.  Very friendly & professional.  For any minor stuff, i'll take my business here for sure!
5	Very friendly staff. I had to wait a long time, but I think it's because the car I brought had a lot of problems. I wanted a transmission flush, but they told me that they wouldn't recommend it because the car I brought was really old and if it never had a transmission flush before, it might ruin the gears. They were very informative and helpful and were definitely looking out for me and the car. :)
5	So quick. Jiffy is what they say right? Friendly.. Opened every door, each time. ! I asked about the signature oil change and I was filled in on it as well as what other services they continue to offer as well as the two the do not offer. informative!
5	Best place I have been to so far in Vegas. First time I went was for an oil change and they were very friendly and open to answer all my questions. The second time I went was for an oil change and they had mailed me a coupon and I forgot it at home, so I didn't get to use it but it was nice that they sent it. So I got talked into getting a tire rotation and was going to pay the full price but I did see that they had the oil change and tire rotation deal while I was in the waiting room and the attendant didn't hesitate to apply that deal to my service that day.** Things I like the most is that they clean your windows, vacuum your car and top off all your fluids for free!
5	I was very happy with the service that I was provided at this location when I went in to get my oil changed. I am quiet knowledgeable about cars, so I must admit that I went in with a bit of an edgy attitude. Having had other places try to fool me in the past with "necessary extra work" that my car "needed". As soon as I spoke to the gentleman who worked there, my defenses went down.The employees were courteous and polite. They asked a lot of questions and told me step by step the process of what they were going to do BEFORE they did any work to my car. I was in and out in 30 minutes. The waiting room was comfortable and the restroom was clean. I would recommend this location to anyone who wants to get their oil changed by a company that cares for their customers.
2	I give it 2 stars for bring open on Sunday, but it's really only worth 1 star.  The employees are nice, but everything is computerized and it makes me think that they work on commission.  They tried to sell me things I had previously purchased and they kept lowering the price by a dollar and saying "so now do you want it?"  I just came for an oil change.  I expected to be told about what else needs to be done, but other places which actually care about the user experience will print you a list of needs and their prices.  That would have been respectable instead of trying to intimidate you with a computer.  Hahaha, don't even try it buddy:/I ended up waiting about an hour and a half to even be seen, but when I called the girl told me I could get an oil change right away:/. When I called I asked to make an appointment.  This place is like a snake.  I. Wouldn't necessarily blame it in the employees, I'd blame it on jiffy lube.  I do NOT recommend coming here unless like me, ur oil is in sure need of change on a Sunday:(
5	We had to stop during a 14 hour road trip with two kids. The guys at this jiffy were so friendly and fast, we were back on the road in 15 minutes as promised. Not usually one I write a review for an oil change, but these guys were exceptional.
4	This particular Jiffy Lube happens to be one of my favorites as they are always honest in what they do. They do not pressure you to buy services you don't really need at the moment. What you want is what you get and they are flexible about pricing as their website has a discount for an oil change. My last visit I was unable to print the coupon from their website however they took my word for it and honored the $8.00 off of my oil change.In the past I have always been wary at other places wondering if they really did the work I paid for. Here I don't have to worry because you can see they have integrity and actually do the work and prove it!They get paid hourly and are not commission based like Purrfect Auto who has been in the news for scamming customers by high pressure sales and not doing work that people paid for. I was a past victim of Purrfect Auto many years ago when I first moved to Las Vegas and never again will that happen!The prices are fair at this Jiffy Lube and they do the work with a smile as the staff is super friendly and knowledgeable.
3	Everytime I change my oil, they try to sell you something. I'm used to it. They refilled my coolant for $4. Always recommend to change my air filter, and said my belts have cracks in them Eek! I'm from LA. Well, the cracks didn't look too bad to me especially because I couldn't see it at first. He would have changed both for the price of one, but I opted out, and made it home safely. But what a scare!Oh, and if you go to their website, you can get a $15 off coupon for their signature oil change.
3	Called ahead of time and who ever answered was pleasant and gave me an approx. time I would have to wait.  Again, very pleasant when I dropped off my car and the wait time was close enough to what I was told in the phone.  I was shown that I put cheap oil in last time and what the Chrysler web site recommends. He didn't try to up sale without showing me why it was going from 25 to 61. Overall, not a bad experience.
3	We ended up repeating at this location of Jiffy Lube for oil change after trying out several other places. Nothing notable, but in an industry where a rip-off is the norm, it's a compliment.
