5	After hearing rave reviews from a friend about the new Ciel Spa at SLS Las Vegas, I had to come experience it for myself.  As a local, I found the spa location easy to find with quick access from valet. This was a huge plus, especially since I was running a little behind schedule.   Loved the crisp, clean, white decor and super soft robes!The service at Ciel Spa was fantastic! The spa attendants went out of their way to make sure my friend and I felt welcomed,  comfortable, and they exceeded our expectations on every level!   I opted for a 55 min signature Ciel Facial, my skin feels refreshed and looks amazing! Nicole was my therapist, she gave a fabulous massage and I love the way my skin felt after!  I will definitely be back soon.My only regret was not allowing myself more time to enjoy the amenities!  They have a spacious gym,  sauna, relaxation rooms, and lovely spread of fruit and pastries. Whatever you do,  don't skip the Ciel Spa when you visit SLS!
5	Bryan Bryan Bryan. I only got 25 min massage. Biggest regret of my life. Should have done 85 mins.....anyways I asked for medium pressure and everything he did was spot on. Its like every spot he touched was the sweet spot. Amazing. Plain and simple. P.S. bathrobs feel like you are inside a cloud. $75 im seriously considering going back to buy one.
5	Amazing. The best thing was about staying at not so great Sls ;( The spa was small but clean and staff was super friendly and polite. I loved my deep tissue massage, it's been a while since I liked one this much. Steam room was super hot and big. Loved it!
5	Amazing 50 minute massage by Maria! If she lived by me, I would get a massage once a week from here. I felt so tense and anxious before going in and walked out on clouds! She added some fabulous peppermint oil to my neck wrap that was unbelievable! I even bought it! Outstanding experience! Thank you!
2	Massage was great however my massage therapist had a cough which was kinda killing my zin. They did incorporate a scent and orchids into the experience which was a nice treat. I've gone to several of the spas in Vegas and I have to say the one at SLS is a total ripe off! The facility only has a steam room and a "lounge". No jacuzzi. No sauna. Nothing fancy. They have water and tea no snacks.The entire place is covered with white curtains so it reminded me of a sterile hospital. Good if you want complete privacy. The shower was AMAZING! I loved the jets-it was like an added massage ad the staff is very kind and patient.
5	Such a beautiful intimate spa! The entire staff was amazing and so friendly. Love the plush robes!I had the best massage from Cynthia and I loved the warm neck wrap and back pad and the option to add a scent to my massage which I chose Mandarin. My husband had a facial from Nicole and he said it was the best facial he has ever had. And he is very picky with his facials! Best thing about the SLS is this spa! Ok maybe the food too. We will be back for sure!
4	A very small spa and salon facility, shared the same spaces with the gym.We booked couple massage service, they called us the last minute saying they didn't have couple room available, I was looking forward to taking a treatment bath in one of those couple rooms, there was no bathtub in our suite! I got upset of course, then they offered free facial for both of us to make up for the couple room thing, I guess that would do for me.  The spa is just located on the second floor of Lux tower where we stayed at, very convenient for us. Got there after lunch, it was all white with pink orchid flowers here and there. Very neat and unique design, exactly Starck style, all whites with popped out pinks. Women get to choose what kind of fragrance to use at the treatments, I chose Oolong, it was very soothing and calming. After changing into a robe, I followed my host to the common waiting area, there were tents, yes you heard me right! There were a lot of waiting tents! The one we were in had two small sofas with an end table in the middle, it's for couples obviously. This design is very unique and interesting, but not very practical, people get lost, all the tents looked exactly the same! I had to call out hubby's name after my restroom trip because I couldn't remember which tent I was in, and I couldn't get to the ladies room without a guide, hubby had the same problem. Okay, just more work for spa staffs, tour guide is part of the job description for them I guess. Despite the beautiful but weird interior design, the treatments we received were world class! 50 minutes massage and 50 minutes facial for each of us. I had Ciel massage, my massage therapist was very gentle on me cause I said I was very ticklish, it was not too bad, I could handle it alright. My facial was amazing, I asked for eye treatment too cause my eyes were puffy and red from too much drinking the previous night, my facial specialist used little cold stones to massage upper and lower of my eyes, also used eye mask, the puffiness were gone after the treatment, it was magic! Hubby's deep tissue massage was great too, he needed it so bad. Both of us enjoyed our treatments so much, we felt very relaxed after the spa trip, our faces were clean but so red from facials. They have steam rooms, limited beverages and snacks, and... tents for guests to enjoy. Can't say I liked this facility too much, but the treatments were definitely one of the best we have ever received! Ps. They use real keys for lockers. It was annoying to keep the key with me all the time.
5	Although the spa isn't as large as some of the other spas you'll find in the larger casinos, it's beautiful and the service and therapists are excellent. I just recently had a prenatal massage (my first so I really didn't know what to expect) by Maria and it was hands down one of the best massages I've ever had. I would highly recommend her and the Ciel spa for a truly relaxing experience.
