5	I got my glasses there last year and they did such a good job, I am switching to use their eye doctor as well. My wife was just in a few days ago, and they helped us pick out frames and actually gave their honest opinion about how they looked. I am looking forward to going in a few weeks to get an eye exam and have them help me pick out good glasses! 3 Guys honestly provides the best service of any eye center I've ever been to! When I had issues with my prescription last year (written by my old doctor, not theirs) they gave me no problems with getting my lenses replaced (at no cost to me) when I got my prescription updated.
4	I have to start this off by saying point blank that I am a royal pain in the A$$ when it comes to my 'style' and appearance. NOT because I'm a trend sheep, but because I like what I like, know what I want, and keep steady until I find it, regardless of what the attempted 'trend leaders' try to pawn off on me. Admittedly, my tastes are eccentric, leaning toward 40's, 50's and Rat Pack.Through the last oh so many years in again out again in Pittsburgh, any time I saw someone with awesome looking glasses that were within my taste range, and I asked where they got them, the answer was almost ALWAYS 'Eyetique', and my heart would sink, knowing that Norman Child's little endeavor was WAY out of my budget league.Then, in the last couple of years, I started hearing about 3 Guys, and learned that it was the 'low end' of Eyetique, but specializing in vintage frames.  So, when my eyeballs were finally disgusted by my current frames and lenses, AND my bank account had reached a point that new glasses wouldn't bankrupt me, I investigated...and bought.My first guy, Larry, was my frame guide at the Oakland branch (which is where the majority of the vintage frames are kept) and was very nice, although it did take him a little while to come up to speed on 'me' and what I was looking for. Once he really paid attention to what I was saying (and I said a LOT), he really went to work, with the utmost of patience, to really help me find what I was looking for, not just what he wanted to sell me.This was a task, and since I'm in my own era, and the bulk of their 'vintage' frames were from the 70's (do kids today REALLY like that Boca Raton housewife ginormous ugly frame thing?), Larry really had to keep trying, and he did, until we found something that came very, very close to the 100% mark that I was looking for. Although in the vintage area, they were lacking, in the make it look right on my face area, we found the right combo.Larry was also a great guy, good conversation, and made the trip very comfortable.The next guy was the eye doctor, who was a young pup optometrist, Dr. John I do believe, who was very complete and friendly, and awfully damned nice to look at, whether in the ' better with this one' or the 'this one' lenses. We were fitting me for bifocals, so this was all new to me, and Dr. John was a pro!The 3rd guy, whose name I don't recall, was the fitter, when it was time to pick up the new glasses, also a very nice guy, and did a great job leveling off the new frames, and wrapping up the transaction. My only complaint was that he forgot to give me the little new cleaning cloth for the lenses, and no one ever responded to my e-mail asking for one. However, the lady who greeted me at the downtown store was very nice when I asked for one, and my set was now complete.All in all, the 3 Guys I dealt with gave me the look I was after, treated me with respect, and were a great team to work with. If it weren't for new glasses costing the equivalent of a half month's rent, I might go more frequently than every five years when my eyes have gone 'older' and the glasses I wear no longer were doing the job they needed to do.When my last pair of glasses broke during a blizzard, and I was in an emergency situation, I ended up 'settling' for whatever I could find, dealt with Pearle and Sears, was taken for a bait and switch ride, and ended up with a pair of glasses for four years that were never quite right, in look or in function.3 Guys took their time, and made all of that right, with friendliness and patience. Being in Oakland, they're used to the hit and run trendy young crowd, and had a little adapting to do with an older independent thinker type, and they sailed through that storm with 20/20 vision.I highly recommend the 3 Guys stores, and their teams. They actually are helpful and care.Kudos!
5	Best eye care I have received so far. I made my appt. online and went the next day.The moment I walked in the door I was greeted with a smile and offered not only coffee or water but also hot chocolate or chai tea, talk about kickin' it up a notch! When I had a question , it was answered in lay terms and when I was trying on frames my assistant gave me options and opinions... honest ones.They have a fabulous selection of classic and retro frames from top designers and a stylish array for the kiddos.I highly recommend 3 Guys for all of your optical needs.
5	This is the by far the best place I've ever gone for glasses and I've had glasses since kindergarten. The employees are friendly and always willing to go the extra mile. I'll probably continue to go here for years to come. Best customer service out there and they always have the most amazing frames!
5	This is the best place I've ever gone for an eye exam and the best place I've ever gotten glasses. Since I have required corrective lenses for a couple decades now, lived in several cities, and gone through a couple pairs of frames a year (on average), this is saying something.I stopped in basically on a whim to check out the frames selection and decided to book an eye exam based on the GREAT customer service and the nice range of options for my (absolutely gorgeous but hard-to-fit) face. From the moment I stepped in the door, people were super-friendly and helpful. The staff clearly care about making sure people love their frames. More than that, they are good at picking a selection of frames that flatter people's facial structure. Even more than that (and rarest of all), they are good at taking individual customers' aesthetic preferences into account once they've learned what those preferences are.The eye exam was about as pleasant as an eye exam can actually be, too. Once again -- great customer service with offers of drinks, candy, etc. while I waited, and a pleasant, friendly doctor with a caring demeanor.Pricing was completely reasonable, as well. The prices for frames and lenses seemed average for the area. I have vision coverage as part of my health insurance, which took care of the exam and the first pair of lenses I bought, as well as $60 towards a pair of frames. But I wanted two pairs of glasses, and the frames I liked were more in the $250 range (although they had plenty of less-expensive options too). Based on past experiences, I was planning on shelling out $400-$500. However, Three Guys will give you a really good discount on a second pair of glasses (they will discount frames AND lenses). So I walked out of there with two pairs of amazing glasses for well under $400. The first pair was ready in less than a week!Finally, when it was time to pick up my glasses, Three Guys helped me out one last time. I was taking care of a relative's small dog, and absolutely could not leave her alone with my cats. But it was also 90 degrees out so I couldn't leave the dog in the car, either. Although they usually don't allow dogs in the shop, they let me bring her in so I could pick up my glasses -- I was able to get my glasses without cooking the dog or risking my kitties turning into puppy chow!I'll definitely be back.
5	This is a great place to get glasses if you are in the Oakland area. The service is great. I never felt "pushed" to purchase a particular frame. One thing I loved was the atmosphere in the store. 3 Guys has a wide selection and I felt comfortable being in the store. Sometimes when I go into other stores, music is blaring and I feel even more rushed than I normally do, which causes me to purchase the first thing I see so that I can make it out of the store without punching someone. This is not the case at 3 Guys! So just go in to look around and see for yourself.
1	Got some cute glasses here and would have rated them 4 stars for that but just called them to get some information about my prescription and learned that they subscribe to the old "hold the prescription hostage to ensure that the customer can only return to you for the next pair of glasses."  Got the "hard sell."'  He would be glad to get me my glasses but not willing to give me information from my prescription.  Really, cute glasses are everywhere.  Find your next pair at an optician who doesn't play this kind of game.
1	My wife and I had a great experience here last year so we made appointments to go back today for our yearly exams. When we arrived, they told us that they weren't sure if the doctor was going to show up, but she might, so we waited around until our appointment times. 5 minutes after our fist appointment time, we asked again, and they said the doctor is sometimes late, but she probably wasn't going to show up, so we left. The didn't seem very apologetic. If I were in there shoes, I would have called in the morning to let my patients know that the doctor might not be in and offered to reschedule the appointment. 3 Guys Optical just lost two customers.
1	Worst customer service experience ever. Very shady group of people. The techs were argumentive and not willing to assist at all (at least the two guys that I kept dealing with). I went in for an eye exam and a contact fitting. They only allowed me to try on one pair of contacts which was very expensive and uncomfortable and when I asked to try out something else they told me that I couldn't. They only pushed the expensive pairs of contacts. The worst part was when I went to leave, the technician, Robert, said it would be over $100 dollars! When I asked what was this money for, my insurance covers the exam, he told me it was for the contacts I just ordered. I don't know how he jumped from me saying I didn't like the pair to me ordering a year supply!!!  Luckily, he cancelled the order. The entire process of trying on different contacts and then getting my prescription number was a horrible experience. I received push back on every phone call Robert even argued with me and belittled me on the phone instead of answering my questions. Each time I called (because they never called back when they said they would), the new person I spoke to said there were no notes or mention about my phone call and request.Don't waste your time with these clowns and go to a more sophisticated optical center where they treat you with respect.
2	I had seen their advertisements for complete pair of glasses for $79.99 and needed to get glasses for the first time, but have a student's budget. I have insurance too so I figured between insurance and their sales I might make it out with the budget half in tact; I was wrong. Immediately upon mentioning that deal they said it was an old deal and they had a few frames for which it would still apply and we were welcome to look around for them. They then proceeded to be helpful, but only pull down frames that would not meet that discount. Finally found a pair that seemed reasonably priced, but did not count for the $79.99, but figured it's just a few dollars more for the frame. What I did not account for what how much all the other bits and pieces would be. After sitting down they told us that the $79.99 wouldn't have worked with insurance anyways. They then kept adding one thing or another until the final out of pocket expense was $190. I know that is still not nearly as bad as some places, but insurance paid for $250 of the bill. I went their because they advertised glasses for $79.99 or even for $49.99 on their website, but in reality I was charged $440. The customer service was typical of glasses places, friendly enough, but nothing extra special. I was just disappointed because I thought I was going there for a good deal and left there feeling ripped off. I hope these glasses last a long time because I won't be buying more glasses from them.
4	The initial service here was great. The eye exam and purchase of my daily glasses was fine. My vision plan requires lenses to be sent out to their own labs, but everything worked out well. When I picked up my glasses, I decided to purchase a pair of prescription sunglasses as well. 3 Guys offered me a discount since the sunglasses were not covered by insurance. I ended up getting $600 glasses/lenses for about $300. Not bad. Since they would be making the lenses in-house, I was told thee wait would be about a week. It took a little longer than that, but overall, I am satisfied with the service I received.
3	I want to write this review with as much as an open mind as I can because my experiences here are mixed.  I made my appointment in person a few weeks prior.  The guy gave me a little "reminder card" with the date and time on it.  I posted it on my desk at work and put it in my calendar.  I was set.  Until I showed up the day/time of my appointment and they had no record of it.  After a bunch of back and forth the one employee, who is also a partner, Robert, had worked out with another customer for him to give me his appointment.  Apparently the other patient worked in the building next door and was very flexible and happy to switch.  That was very nice - however, I don't want to have to encounter situations like that when I make an appointment.The optometrist was thorough and seemed confident in his work.  Great.  He did try for quite a while to convince me to buy daily lenses again after I clearly stated I couldn't afford them and wanted to switch to weeklies.  Ok, he had to give in after a while.Check out was a breeze and once again, Robert, the managing partner, was friendly, professional and exhibited great customer service.  I want to be mad at 3 Guys because truth be told the first time I went they were VERY backed up with appointments and I had to wait quite a while for my appointment.  But the "guys" that work there really are NICE and want to keep your business.
1	I needed them to send my RX from a previous eye exam and they made us wait hours and submit 4 faxes before 1 of them was acceptable.  I will never go to them again.  They are also way over priced.  So I would check other prices in the area.  Vision works has great glasses at a great price AND the people that work there are helpful & kind.  They are at the waterfront in Homestead.
1	I've ordered RGP lenses this February, got a fitting test one month later, and am still waiting for those lenses (it's mid-July already).They will NOT call you back (even if they say so) so you'll need to keep on calling them if you have anything you need assistance of.I understand how busy it could be in a B to C business, but seeing the place twice on Saturdays, I'm skeptical of them being so occupied to give back a call during a week day early afternoon.As for ordering, I tried one pair of RGPs. No alternatives offered, no preferences asked. I had to call and check twice whether the lenses arrived. I've called twice again to see what has happened to my order after the fitting test. And I am afraid I need to make another call.I thought this place would be better just by the fact that they have another shop (if you have a couple of shops I'd consider that as the business being good), but I won't be coming here anymore.
1	I had an outside prescription, and I went to the Oakland location to look at glasses. I found a pair I liked and had them calculate the total cost with my insurance. They were more expensive than other places I had looked, so I told them I wasn't going to buy them and to drop the authorization on my insurance. Two weeks later I went to a different retailer and decided to purchase my glasses there. When they went to enter my insurance information, the hold from 3 Guys was still there. I had to call Three Guys and tell them to drop the hold immediately because I was about to purchase glasses from another store. The guy on the phone was completely rude throughout the entire process. He literally said "Whatever you're paying for them, I can get them for you cheaper." Really?!? 3 Guys told me the total cost would be around $260. I got the exact same frames with the same lenses for $90 elsewhere. I highly doubt they could have come down to beat that price.
2	Went there to buy frames. Honestly both salesmen made me very uncomfortable. I needed to browse a little to get a sense of what they had, and they were always right behind me, breathing down my heck. They also kept telling me their opinion of frames that I was trying on, which was very annoying. I felt like I couldn't breathe, and if my boyfriend hadn't been with me I would have left to get away from them.
5	Great  people especially Lynn Figgins who went out of her way to make both me and my wife happy!  A great experience!
4	I bought my glasses here last year. I didn't have any trouble finding a pair of frames (I already knew what I was looking for), setting up an eye exam, and receiving the frames, so overall my purchasing experience was good. This year I had to go and get the frames adjusted, so I returned. Its a good idea to call ahead and see if they're available, because I went initially and was turned away since there was only one staff member available and he was occupied. The 2nd trip I had to wait again, but I got the adjustments made. So this would be my only recommendation if you don't have an appointment set up previously (or are just going to browse).
5	Cheap, quick, and painless eye exam for contacts. Helped order contacts at a very good price.
5	I like them! They are professional. I only had my glasses picked up here--I used the Wexford for the exam (blame Groupon). The staff was quick and helpful to get me fitted into my glasses.
4	Good selection, lacks some very high end options (Oliver Peoples).Quick and accurate exam. Excellent assistance and fitting (thanks Robert!).Overall a pleasant experience at a very reasonable price point!
5	3 Guys Optical is such a great establishment! I got my first pair of glasses from them a few years ago and they reminded me of my 2 year eye exam check up. My prescription had changed a little bit and I had no idea what kind of glasses to get so they took the time to help me find the perfect pair! Even more exciting, they helped me design a pair of prescription sunglasses and I couldn't be happier! Great store, deals and customer service!! Thanks 3 Guys!
5	I visited Three Guys because I wanted to have an eye doctor near Pitt's campus, and it doesn't get much better than this! Quick and friendly service with a fairly wide variety of styles. Oh, and they have student discounted eye exams. It's a win-win.
5	I've been coming to 3 Guys Optical in Oakland ever since I moved to Pittsburgh back in 2012. I got lucky the first time and got an awesome deal on expensive frames with a groupon. But the cost of everything there is very reasonable, and I don't even have vision insurance. They order my contacts for me, scheduling an appointment is a breeze, and the guys remember me when I walk in every year. Couldn't ask for more from a eye care center!
