2	This is an outdoor seating only Starbucks. There is a walk-up window for drinks, but no visable snacks. There is also a drive thru window for cars. There are 4 small round tables with 2-3 chairs a peice, and 1 larger rectangular table for disabled access with 2-3 chairs also. Prices are normal for a starbucks. Pros: Outdoors in late fall and early spring will be nice here, and it definately can't get crowded here. Cons: Only 2 umbrellas outside keep you shady from the sun or dry from the rain, there doesn't appear to be snacks here. No indoor seating, Midsummer here is going to be bad, also Semi-trucks are constantly shifting on the freeway here so it is very noisy, and there are no power outlets. There are several other open wifi spots here like the days inn and dennys, so you might be better suited to moving to one of those locations, but if you must sit here, then the att&t free wifi hotspot speed is 1.4 Mbit download speed, and 1.2 Mbit upload speed. (divide Mbit by 8 to get actual MB speeds). Overall I give this spot a 2 thumbs up out of 5.
4	Convenient when on the go! This location is right off the I-17 and Thomas and easy to get in but not easy to get out which is the reason why I didn't rate it at 5 stars.Outdoor only, nice patio seating.
1	I'm a big Starbucks drinker so I was super excited when I found out how close this one was to us! However, to my disappointment this has been the only Starbucks that does not hold up to par. Every time I have gone my drink has been messed up. Even simple drinks such as a hot green tea. So sadly to say we won't be going to this Starbucks any more.
4	Quick service in a strange location
4	I am used to NYC StarBucks, however a Starbucks is still a Starbucks.  They didn't know a lot of lingo and how to make specialty drinks which are trivial in the NYC area.  This one had a drive-thru window which was also something I am not used to.  All and all very good coffee and I am a fan.
3	This Starbucks is weird. Drive through and walk-up only. Only outdoor seating. Weird can be good! But, it wasn't great. It's essentially in the parking lot of a hotel, and I visited while I was staying in that hotel. They had the same ratio as my local Starbucks... my drink was right 3 out 4 times. However, the one time it WAS wrong - it wasn't just a LITTLE wrong - it was completely the wrong drink.Definitely not somewhere you'd go to do work in less-than-perfect weather, and it might as well be located ON the highway... i.e. there is a ton of road noise.  However... friendly staff. Standard Starbucks experience.
4	This Starbucks has a walk-up window and it's awesome and fast. The barista asked me if I wanted my banana nut bread warm and it tastes so much better that way. The lines in the drive thru are pretty long in the morning but the wait time is fairly short. Overall great attitude and good service.
3	I frequent this location it's conveniently located on my route to school, customer service is usually good, but today it was atrocious by the female that was working in the drive through window becoming argumentative, about my order that she took wrong.
1	This Starbucks consistently takes 10-15 minutes to get through drive thru in the morning. Unfortunately it is the only Starbucks on my direct route to work so I am forget to go 10 minutes out of my day or suffer through this nonsense. The baristas are NOT friendly and look more tired and annoyed than I am by the time I get up to the window. Oh yeah supposed to be at work in 8 minutes... Been in the drive thru for 8 minutes already and it was not a long line. There are 3 care in front of me.
2	I want so badly to like this location. The people are always very nice, but every time I go here, something is always not up to par. Last time I ordered the green tea frap and I got it back suuuuper watery. And today I got an everything bagel and they never even separated the halves so the inside could be toasted too. That is a first time for me as this is my go to item when I am on the go and stop at a Starbucks. I order these all the time and never had that. I mean, it isn't a big deal...and like I said, I do want to like this location. However the lack of effort from the people working the bar really shows through here. I hope it gets better and when it does, I will write a better review in applaud to the improvement.
1	By far the slowest Starbucks. ... 15 min for a cup of coffee after ordering. .. really?
2	Do not like this location. It's the only location that makes you Wait when you order brewed coffee. All other locations as soon as you order they pour your cup you pay and then you're on your way no waiting
1	I would actually give this place no stars. Due to it's location my husband and I have stopped here a handful times and the service is always slow and terrible. Consistently understaffed, our drinks are always wrong and we always have to wait at least 10 minutes no matter what time it is or how busy they are. Avoid at all costs.
