5	Excellent Coffee!! Glad that it finally opened. Good people and even better coffee
4	Don's the man! Really chill environment + tasty coffee & pastries FTW!
4	Cute little place with great-tasting coffee! The dude behind the counter (seemingly the owner) was obviously totally into making coffee drinks; he explained each one to us in great detail with more excitement than most people who just "work" in a coffee shop. There's art on the walls, business cards for other local places on the counter, and free wifi if you want to hang out & keep your keyboard company for a while. I got the Mexican coffee & loved it (it has mocha & coconut).
5	Great place.  Met the owner, Don, and he was super chill.  Love the atmosphere and really think downtown Henderson has some serious potential free wifi was a huge plus!!! coffee was good!
2	Hubby and I were here Saturday morning.  While the coffee was good (I forgot to add an extra shot which I am sure would have made it better for my taste) the service was horrible.  We walked into this place and immediately saw the owner behind the counter.  It appeared he was training a new employee.  What really bothered me was we received no hello, no welcome, not even a good morning.  He looked me right in the eye and yet said nothing.  He even walked up to the counter to meet us.  After an uncomfortable silence, I asked my hubby what he wanted.  He looked at me with this look of I have no idea as the menu was limited as far as specialty drinks and such.  The owner then said to us "what do you usually have?"  My husband responded, he usually has a Sith from Grouchy John's.  This place did not have the ingredients to make that, no big deal if we wanted Grouchy John's this morning we would have gone there.  So my hubby had a carmel macchiato and I asked if he could make a creme brule latte.  He said no, but what about toffee nut?  I said sure.  Like I said the drinks were good.  I would come back for those.  But the complete lack of greeting upon entering and approaching the counter?  At least the girl he was training was greeting people after a while (we stayed and enjoyed our beverages and watched the place operate).  The owner really needs to take a day or two off, maybe once he has this girl fully trained, and spend some time at Grouchy John's to gain some customer service skills.  Good coffee alone isn't going to cut it.  Don't be shy dude.  Most people don't bite, especially if they know they will be getting a good coffee fix in the end.
5	Outstanding coffee in a real cool part of Henderson. Nice relaxed vibe. One of my biggest complaints about Vegas after I moved here from Portland is that there were no cool independent alternative coffee shops. This place fills that void for me. Lovely place to sit and enjoy a drink and read the paper.
5	I grew up in Henderson and I've seen this spot change hands several times.  Let me say this is the first time I've found the place worthy of returning.  This is a great independent coffee shop with a chill atmosphere and a feel for culture.  The owner, Don, has a unique personality that really makes the place.  I really loved the feel from the moment I walked in.  Theres plenty of seating, from couches to love seats, to tables and chairs.  Theres even bar seating with a view of the street.  Random artwork from local artists here in Henderson is always on display.  And the place has gigantic bay windows for a view of the peaceful downtown.  It's living and breathing in the heart of the city, and you can enjoy your coffee and see it all before you.I tend to order a large mocha, or just a straight up cappuccino.  And it's always made with a smile and a small joke.They have chess nights, poetry nights, and open mics.  And no matter when you walk in, you're going to be sure to say hi to one or more of the locals that wander around the city streets during the day.  They really try at building community here, and I can dig on that.This isn't a fancy place.  It's not owned by a millionaire.  But its good, its local, and its real.  And I tend to like real.If you're looking for a local place to grab a cup of coffee and read or relax, this is it.
3	A coffee shop with good atmosphere, space to hang out, tables to work at, promotion of local artists, but some failings on the coffee.  Let me start out by admitting that I am a massive cheerleader for Water Street and pre-disposed to love any business that offers a gathering space in old Henderson that's not a bar or a casino.  So I walk into the Coffee House wanting to give this place 5 stars.  It's a locally-owned business, it invites people to hang out on Water Street, and it hosts community events.  I'm already a fan in theory.First, the positives.  The space is cozy--cozier than most coffee shops in the valley.  They have tables to work at or plush chairs to sit and read in.  The chairs are comfy and inviting, asking you to take a break, to sit and relax or reflect.  It's a real mellow space and the staff are very welcoming.  It makes for a great Saturday morning spot or an after work space to read.And I love the promotion of local artists--the few times I've stopped in, the coffee shop had various local artists' products on display.  The front window also advertises chess night and poetry night at the coffee shop and nighttime all-ages events have long been absent in old Henderson.  Cheers to the Coffee House for running a space that invites this type of community.But I've got some issues with the coffee.  Every time I've been here, the coffee is watery and bland.  I'm not sure if they're brewing it with too much water or keeping the coffee at too high a temperature (both destroy the flavor of the coffee).  I've read about the Coffee House in Desert Companion before and the owner was talking about the quality of the coffee he wanted to serve, so it's been a little disappointing that the coffee is so flavorless.  The espresso drinks don't fare much better.  I've had a latte a few times as well and the espresso is flavorless and the milk was over-heated (almost tasted burnt).  Also, not to sound like a hippie, but the coffee drinks are served in a served in styrofoam cup, which are the worst environmentally.Bottom line: I'm still cheering for the Coffee House.  I want this place to stay and improve and become the cool place to hang out (with good coffee) that Water Street needs.  2 stars for coffee quality.  Add in one star for friendly customer service, for hosting chess tournament and poetry nights, and for the potential of a welcoming all-ages space in old Henderson.
4	Boy have I not been in a coffee place like this in awhile. Since being back in Vegas for about 5 years since my stint in Reno for college I have never come across a coffee shop that compared to many locally owned coffee shops in Reno. Basically Las Vegas was lacking that vibe, that "cool coffee shop" vibe. Even though I have tried out a couple locally owned places they still felt as though they had that corporate vibe.Ta da! Here is The Coffee House on Water Street in Henderson (or Hendertucky, whichever you prefer). As soon as I walked in I had that feeling like I always had walking into Java Jungle in downtown Reno. It was just cool. It was just coffee. It was just a laid back place to sit, enjoy, and promote local - anything! When I walked in there was no one there! And there was no one behind the counter... I was afraid they were closed, but a nice gentleman came out to the counter and greeted me. He was very... chill.The menu is slightly limited, but I did note they had some "exotic" drinks. I will try those next time. This time I just went for a 20 oz Mocha. Only $3.50! That is a steal. I noted they have food, but I wasn't interested in that for this trip. I am not a fan of the styrofoam cups, but the mocha was delicious! Before I left the gentleman behind the counter informed me there would be a open mic later that night. Very cool! You should check this place out. Support local business! When I am back in the Henderson area I will make it a point to stop by.
5	I love this place! The owner, Don, wants it to be a culture center for the Las Vegas Henderson area, and boy he is doing a great job! Every night they have some art related event, whether it be open mic or poetry reading. He really has a strong connection to the surrounding community and the reach of it's awesomeness is spreading, attracting people from not only Henderson, but people as far away as northern Las Vegas! The atmosphere is very welcoming and friendly and the people accept newcomers with open arms. On top of that, the drink selection is awesome also! They have a selection from regular coffe, to specialty teas, to espresso based drinks. Plus they have some good snack type food and locally made pastries and sweets. At least a few nights a week of mine are spent here and that is because it is awesome! Highly recommended by me.
4	Formerly Mocha Joe and if you loved Mocha Joe, you'll love The Coffee House. I will tell you why.  It's because nothing has changed.  I assume the owner Don is the guy that's always here when I come in.  He's one of the nicest gentlemen you'll ever meet.  The place is still the same, quiet and spacious.  Regarding ambiance, you have this feel like you're in someones house.  Yes, it's that comfortable and quiet. I'm in the area about twice a month and choose this place over others because of great service and excellent prices.  You'll find some of the cheapest cup of Joe at The Coffee House.  Thank goodness that the Coffee House never changed who they are and raised their prices.  Because these local coffee spots are no longer a dime a dozen, it's refreshing that spots like the Coffee House have not sold out.
5	If I had to sum up The Coffee House in three words they would be: cozy, quirky, and.... informative? This shop is a bit out of the way for me and not in the direction of anything essential to my day to day life, but it's a place that I look forward to driving out of my way for. Located in downtown Henderson, a sort of throwback to Pleasantville times, The Coffee House serves up great coffee and fosters good community ties. The  interior is warm and cozy with couches, small tables and a bar against the large window facing Water Street. Part of the floor space is a performance area for open mic sessions and the shop is really big on the arts in general. The  coffee menu is almost extensive, but not overwhelming, with everything from your basic coffee to more exotic picks like Vietnamese or Turkish coffee. I knew nothing about either and when I asked the barista (who I think is also the owner, so he probably doesn't like being called a barista)- he gave me an encyclopedic description of each. He was really happy to talk about it and explain the difference between those varieties and regular coffee and there was no pretentious attitude about my question which I appreciated. They also have snacky items like bagel pizzas, hummus and oatmeal. Prices are pretty dirt cheap too-my only complaint, if you'd even call it that, is that for the specialty coffees the small size is pretty large-sometimes I just don't want that much coffee. Also, they use styrofoam cups here-I'd be willing to pay a few extra shekels to upgrade to real serveware or switch over to paper cups. On my first visit, the owner struck me as a bit of an oddball, but he's really nice-maybe just a bit shy. He's offered me the Wi-Fi passcode every time I've been in and again, answers my questions graciously. Follow them on FB to keep updated about open mic nights and other special events they host-again, this is a real community place!
5	Good coffee and atmosphere.
5	Don runs a great coffee shop, promotes community togetherness and live music and serves up tasty treats here with delicious hot and cold drinks. The open mics are a blast, as are the featured bands. Great for all ages!
2	I really want to like this place but unfortunately I can't. It's just not a good place. The location is good. The building is interesting. The atmosphere is good.  The people are nice.But... The product just doesn't cut it. And when all is said and done, the product delivered is the most important thing.  The coffee is poor and does not stand up to even gas station coffee. The packaging is not what you expect from a coffee house. If not served in ceramic mugs (hot drinks) or big glasses (iced drinks) at least use good quality paper and plastic cups, not styrofoam. Unfortunately I think this place will struggle... just like everything else in downtown Henderson does. It's too bad. This could be a great coffee shop in a great area. Both seem to be destined for extinction.
5	Downtown Henderson isn't the most hip part of southern Nevada, but that's okay because it gives locals that live nearby a sense of home. It isn't overrated, overpriced, or overcrowded. And this is what the Coffee House feels like when you come here. It has a different and unique vibe that sets it apart from every other independent coffee shop as well as corporate Starbucks/Coffee Bean in town. I am an avid coffee-shop goer. I love searching for coffee shops high and low to do just about anything and everything - from schoolwork, business work, socializing with my peers, to some quality alone time with a good book in my lap. The first time I sought out this shop I was excited, for I had no idea what I was in for. Fortunately, my visit was incredibly pleasant and I felt satisfied knowing my love for cute, quaint, little coffee shops was just met.Upon arrival, I was greeted by the shop owner Don who to me, is quite calm, cool, and collected. You can tell he loves what he does and feels comfortable enough to make it seem like this coffee shop is his own home. On my first visit I didn't know what to order so he helped me with my selection asking what it is that I am into. I liked that rather than suggesting the obvious and most popular drinks he adjusted to what it is that appeals to me. The prices here also are very affordable. You can get a large flavored macchiatto for less than $5! Beats Starbucks prices any day. The coffee shop itself is a decent size with many tables, cozy reading chairs, and a bar with stools that faces the outside windows. There is even outdoor seating available which is great when we have beautiful weather. Another thing I admire is the artwork sprawled around the room and all the local events he promotes through little ads and fliers. Locals supporting locals are the absolute best!When visiting this shop it really gives you a feeling that you aren't even in Henderson, let alone Las Vegas. It is that unique. I highly recommend people to check out this great coffee shop for its ambiance - relaxed environment and of course, for its great coffee!
4	This place is as old town as it gets.  It's very endearing to still have the option of getting coffee from an actual coffee house.  The people who hang out here are genuine and there are a lot of people who spoke e-cigarettes because a vapor store is right next door- therefore, it's not too smokey.The only issue I have with this place is that the coffee isn't that great.  It's comparable to Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts- but I feel like it should be better.  Every unique coffee shop I've ever been to has the best coffee- this place is just OK. Its a business worth supporting, though.
4	Beautiful space & relaxed vibe.  Nice place to relax and sip an Italian soda.
5	This place has tasty food, great drinks, cool atmosphere, and inviting people. Who   could ask for more. ENJOY!
5	The Coffee House formally Mocha Joe's is a very rare coffee place in the days where Starbucks is the norm. The Coffee House brings me back to my youth. Not only do they have really yummy coffee for extremely good prices they also have some good food! I love the fact they offer Tuesday night poetry night and on Friday's and Saturday's they have acoustic nights!   This is my kind of place! Funky and off beat. The staff is so friendly and are great to talk to. They offer free wifi and outdoor seating. I wish there were more coffee shops like this in town, but i'm very happy it's right in my neighborhood!
5	I've been to this place many a time when it was Mocha Joe's, but it seems to have taken on a different vibe as The Coffee House. I really like how cozy and warm it is.I invite business partners here a lot to have coffee and discuss business because I feel so relaxed here, and discussing business comes so easy. The owner is the coolest cat. Very humble and grateful of your patronage and you can tell he truly loves what he is doing. The atmosphere is just great. I love the feeling of it being a true coffee shop and not a chain. It's like you're going to a friend's home for a cup of coffee and a chat. This place gives you that small town feeling that Henderson and Water Street has to offer. Don't take my word for it. Come in and you will instantly feel what I am talking about. It's like a different world!
5	My car is getting fixed down the street and I still have some homework to complete, noticed that The Coffee House has free wifi and of course, coffee!I was impressed so much that I had to write my review RIGHT NOW. I speculate it is the owner that helped me decide what I was in the mood for and so I went with Soy Chai. It is probably the most delicious Soy Chai I have ever had (yes, even beats Starbucks!) After about an hour of slaving over homework, the owner gave me a free danish. Maybe it was getting old and he wanted to get rid of it, but dang was it yummy.   I enjoy supporting small businesses and will come back if my car ever breaks again or if I am in the area.
2	Worst experience at a coffee shop in years. I arrived with my girlfriend to an unattended counter and almost no one in the shop.  My first impression was that it felt somewhat dingy and run down. After a minute the barista greeted us and took our orders. I got a regular coffee and my girlfriend got a latte. I was asked if I wanted cream in my coffee and I said yes.  Then she proceeded to serve it without a lid and black.. Not a drop of cream. She apologized about having no lids left... REALLY!?!  A coffee shop that can't keep lids in stock! I stood patiently at the counter waiting for her to finish the latte so I could get some cream.  When she finished, she remembered she had forgotten my cream and gave me a half gallon container cream to serve myself ... with the lid missing! Lol  So I wandered over to the sugar(slowly and carefully so I did spill my lidless coffee) and found not a single stirrer.  I had to ask to have the stirrers refilled.. And she did so, with her bare dirty hands touching almost every stirrer... Yuck!  So finally I got to taste my lidless coffee... Awful.  Weak and bland.. Almost exactly like the generic coffee I've had on plane flights!  My girlfriends latte was OK.. Nothing special... So I give this place 2 stars instead of 1. Needless to say... I won't be back!
4	Cozy and clean space, you can visit here with your family or friends on weekends. It's great, i like the decor and the way they treat their customers, you'll get your coffee from a sweet and smiley guy. Impressive!
3	Under new management as of January 2014.  Sparse food menu (oatmeal was the pre-packaged, add-water-to-the-paper-cup).  Fruit plate was very generous for just $2: sliced half apple, half an orange, half a pear, 3 strawberries, and a handful of grapes.  I ordered a soy latte and it was strong - I hesitate to review as I'm trying to wean off sugary coffees so unfair to rate.  Ordered a tea and it was GIGANTIC and a bagged organic type out of a box.  WiFi was still available.  They left the shop doors open all morning which made it chilly inside.  Single staff person meant a wait if more than one customer at a time.  Very few power sources so bring a full battery.  It was a good place to kill time, but left me hungry.
5	The Coffee House has changed owners, but it's still a great place to be! I think the change is for the better. They have upgraded their menu and have put in some nice new tables and chairs. The Coffee House has also been highlighting their poetry and local jam nights more. They still have excellent coffee and great prices. This is my favorite spot for ice coffee. I'll be back to try the new food menu!
5	WOW. So I was just about to ramble on an amazing review but looks like everyone before me has already gotten that covered! thx!- So i'll make this short, place was PERFECT! Me and my baby girl (who is 9) wondered in here and fell in love with this place instantly-- relaxing, chill atmosphere with the kicked back nature of drinking a Cup Of Jo while playing one of their board games. Ya, I said it, board games!--and I don't even like board games, but somehow this place made it a blast-- I feel I will start every Sunday here from now on.******Did I mention the Cafe Mocha is to DIE FOR?!?!? Mmmmm....mmmm!******
5	There is a new owner of the Coffee House. They also have a new Facebook page. Here it is. https://www.facebook.com/thecoffeehouseonwaterstreetThe place is clean and the owner friendly. There are all sorts of events happening throughout the week. Poetry on Tuesday. Wednesday has a variety show and Friday is Open Mic. I am a regular there and enjoy going on a regular basis.
5	I went to The Coffee House for the first time last week because of the reviews on here & I am glad I decided to try it. All I have to say is great coffee, great food! Wifi is a huge plus. It is really cute and cozy inside.
5	I LOVE this place. I used to come down quite frequently when I was attending classes down the road, and the owner knew my name and my order, always asked how I was doing...just great service. When I spilled my drink he would rush out and make me a new one, he would offer water to all those with little doggies in tow...he's just a great guy. I love giving my business to establishments such as this. They do have lots of things going on there, such as yoga classes, open mic nights, etc...but I've never attended any.
5	Very cute & fun lil coffee shop with yummy food...the chocolate pastries are super duper yummy...and the sandwich is very yummy also...
