3	Eh, its just a hotel. Nothing extravagant about, no one goes out of their way to make you feel welcomed and no out of the ordinary amenities to speak of. Check in is usually at 3 PM. We got here a bit early and tried to check in and of course they didn't let us. My friend arrived 30 min after I did and got a room right away. WTF!?! I complained and got a room about 10 minutes after. Nothing special about the rooms. The beds were a bit uncomfortable and squeaky. The pillows sucked. The bathrooms are small, water pressure stinks and there was cracks on the walls of the shower. So why did I give it 3 stars?  A. It was cheap. If you're on a budget then this place is for you. 60 bucks a night and free WIFI.B. There's a lot of restaurants, and gas stations around the hotel. Its right next to the freeway entrance and 6 miles away from camelback ranch. So its convinent.C. I was in a good mood the whole time I was in Arizona :-)
4	This happened to be the cheapest hotel on expedia with a king sized bed. I was so pleased I stayed another night! Its not the Ritz by any means but its clean, safe, good parking, well located, freeway close, friendly employees, etc. I would happily stay again! Almost 5 stars.... but it wasnt spectacular, just good.
4	Was staying in the holiday inn paying twice as much same room
4	Long story short:  Probably one of the better cheap hotels I've been in.On my way out to Kansas City, we stopped Sunday evening to spend the night in Phoenix.  I had our roadtrip planned down to the T, so I knew for a fact we would be staying in Phoenix, so I had made our reservation a week prior.This one looks a little bit nicer than your usual "cheap" hotel.  And by "cheap", I mean the chains like Comfort Inn, Red Roof Inn, Best Western, Motel 6, Super 8, etc.  Heck, even Holiday Inn.When we got out of the car, it was REALLY hot and humid in Phoenix, so the air-conditioned lobby was quite nice.  I went up to the counter to check in and once I said that, the receptionist said "Austin?" which actually freaked us out because I hadn't even said anything nor gave her my driver's license."How did you know?" I hesitantly asked."Oh, because everybody else who has a reservation tonight is either Garcia, Smith, Baker.... I just figured" (read: You're the only dang Asian we got in here, that's how")After some brief typing, she gave me a key, which was some sort of magnetic smart key, instead of a keycard or conventional key.  We went one floor up to our room and luckily the A/C was already running.  The room was clean, and we had ordered a non-smoking room, and the room did not smell like residual smoke, which the Red Roof Inn in Overland Park did.  *shrug*Like I said, the room was clean, smelled clean, and the sink area and the bathroom were clean as well.  If you've read any of my other hotel reviews, pretty much my only 2 requirements are a bed to sleep on and a shower in the morning.  This definitely fit the bill and was quite comfortable to boot.  The only thing was the A/C unit was a little older and was hard to adjust, so we just had to blast it while we were sleeping.Check out was a breeze as well.  Security was good too, as you need your key after 9 PM to get into the hotel.  Would stay here again if I needed to
4	My boyfriend and I were in town for the Nascar race the following day. We arrived at noon and check in was not until 3. They gave us a room without a problem. Which helped us get a nap in before we went to see a play that night. The room was nice and clean and I never once got the disgusting hotel feel of not wanting to be near the comforter, etc. The free wi-fi was nice too. The ladies at the desk then helped us with finding a nice restaurant to eat at before the show and they called us as soon as a hair dryer was available. All-in-all it felt like they went above and beyond to make our stay great. When we return to Phoenix again we will be staying here!
4	Very appropriate lodging for a quick stop on a long road trip. Clean, comfortable, and reasonably priced. Everything that I was looking for.
1	I do a lot of cross country driving trips. I always stay at cheap motels. I'm usually amazed by how some cheap motels are actually pretty comfortable (ie most Econo Lodges).  This, however, is not one.  Here is why:1) Wifi is so slow that essentially you don't have access to the internet2) Rooms are very tiny3) stained chairs4) They say they have continental breakfast, but they don't. It's just coffee5) Ugly, ghetto area6) $129 for one night. That is well beyond the price of a "cheap motel". Might as well stay at a La Quinta if you want to spend that much. I don't know why this particular place is so bad. Not sure if it's a chain thing or this particular franchise.I'll always stay at a La Quinta if I question the area. Or an Econo Lodge because Econo's are way underrated for their price. Motel 6 is hit or miss.I've been raised to never judge a book by its cover. When it comes to cheap motels, you HAVE TO judge a book by its cover because it's only a preview of what's inside.  This place fails.
2	Check-in went OK even though they raised our rate after we changed from 2 weeks prior.  Very difficult to connect to Wi-Fi (even with support). Left Saturday morning for the day while the maid carts were in the hallway.  Came back to an un-made room.  We called down and at least asked for some towels and was told maid service is gone for the day come get them yourself.  Since we didn't have maid service we also didn't have any more shampoo for the next day.  We turned our survey card in at the front desk but we're pretty sure they just threw it away.  Sent customer service an e-mail after no response from our survey card and was told basically "sorry about that".  Needless to say, no more Red Roof Inn in Phoenix!!
1	If I could give zero stars I would.  Hospitality is not their speciality.  I was traveling from California with my son and two friends for a skateboarding event.  When checking in as soon as she saw us there was a change in attitude.  I am a normal 45 ur old mom, who kids love skateboarding. No tattoos or piercings. Lol We were constantly harassed regarding smoking after telling them WE DON'T SMOKE!  I felt the person checking is in, I think the manager Bobby, gave us the worst room. I felt like we were being punished.  After requesting something else which they refused, I later upgraded to a deluxe room just to change rooms.  While changing rooms we were threatened again that we would be kicked out if we smoke!    Instead of feeling harassed during our stay we decided to cancel our stay early and go the Holiday Inn next door.
4	We drove to phoenix from Los Angeles to see the dodgers play for the weekend. We saw a good deal for this location and not to far from downtown, right off the freeway. From our arriving time the girl in the front counter was very nice and helpful.. she had her handsful attending many other dodger fans that went to the same place but was able to help everyone right away. The rooms were not bad. beds were comfortable, rooms were nice and cool (it was 98 degrees outside at 1am). no fridge in the room. the are seemed ok. there are many restaurants and fast food places around the location. a few blocks north and you have a walmart, wingstop and many other stores..its conveniently right off the freeway which leads to my only small thing i didnt like and that was the freeway noise (mainly the semis) but it wasnt a big deal if you didnt pay attention to it. overall great experience , we will definatley be staying there next time we go.
3	Checked in here after checking out of a Super 8 that had roaches. $70 for the night wasn't bad. Hotel looks okay from the outside but looks dated from the inside. Gave me the feel of an old apartment building turned hotel. The lady at the front desk was nice. Parking was easy but there was like a locust infestation outside. I would stay here again, maybe.
1	This place doesn't deserve a SINGLE star. A group of us came to stay here in a double bed room. It was 1am and we were laughing watching a movie. We got a knock on the door from the black-male security who warned us and said we would be kicked out if we continued making noise. We lowered our voices, and happened to laugh at the movie again when we heard a second knock. The security stated he had heard us laughing because he was standing next to the room, and that we were kicked out and needed to exit the premises. We went down to the front desk to complain and they did NOTHING. Manager wasn't even on site, and the security THREATENED US saying " WATCH WHEN I GET OFF WORK" Is this normal???!! Note: if you come here, don't laugh... You'll get kicked out.
3	Nice place and clean room. Acceptable for the range price. Nothing fancy but it had a refrigerator/microwave. The area is ok and the building seemed safe.
3	I stayed in this hotel a few nights ago.  I checked in at about 1 AM and was greeted by the African-American security guard on duty immediately as I walked into the lobby.  I happened to be wearing a purple shirt, so he said "Good evening, Mr. Purple Monster."  I was fine with what he said and took it as a joke, but I can imagine that others might not take so well to being called things like that by a stranger at 1 AM.  The check-in process was less than a minute, and I was accommodated when I asked for a room on the first floor.  The room itself looked "lived in" but was still very clean and comfortable.  The bathroom was also clean.I had to take away one star because this hotel advertised that it offers a continental breakfast, but all they had was coffee, and it wasn't even good coffee.  I often like to stay in places that have a continental breakfast, because it saves me the trouble of having to go elsewhere in the morning to look for food.I paid about $50 for one night in this hotel.  Overall, it was a pretty good deal.  I would stay here again.
4	I stayed in this Red Roof Inn after 15.5 hours of driving from Central Texas. Before my trip, I signed up for their RediCard program and managed to save $5-10 on my stay. That was a HUGE bonus since I was traveling alone with my dog.It's important to me to find places that let me bring a dog. It's even better when they let my dog stay for free. Red Roof Inn let's me do that.The best description of this hotel would be, "La Quinta Inn's little sister". It was very clean, very well lit, and very professional for a place charging around $50 a night.The bed was comfortable and I had plenty of towels and toiletries. My ONLY complaint would be the lack of hair dryer and iron IN the room. Maybe this is something you have to ask for at the front desk. In the future, I know I'll need to special request this when I book my room.Overall, great hotel. I felt safe and loved the close parking to all entrances. I'll definitely stay here again and recommend it to friends.
5	Clean room, microwave, mini fridge, tv. Best price in town. Friendly staff, quiet area, full-size ironing board with iron, hair dryer, clean towels, toiletries.
4	Room: clean, simple,  very good price ( $60 inc tax for king size bed, booked through hotels.com), cable tv with HBO, Customer service: nice, helpful. Location: off I_ 10, a little noise but I don't mind. Definitely come back.
1	I give this dump 0 stars.  The manager at the front desk was beyond rude and I will never stay here again.  How someone in the "hospitality" industry can be that nasty to guests is beyond me.  We were treated like criminals upon check in and witnessed others being treated with more respect.
4	We've stayed here 3 times already and we have yet to be disappointed. Place is always clean, the staff is nice and courteous. We like it cause its right off the freeway easy access to food and stores. And free wifi is decent speed. They do not have a business center or guest computer to use. Nice size pool. Fresh coffee all day.
1	Dirty manager was rude beds were remade with days old linen TV was damaged, tried to get another but manager refused.   Don't stay here
