5	I love being pampered at Angelic Nails & Spa!. Their pedicures are some of the best that I've ever had. My feet look great for weeks--even the polish. I don't have to touch up the color on my toe nails for 2 to 3 weeks. My feet feel great, are soft, and I feel absolutely relaxed after a visit. I highly recommend this clean and beautiful nail salon.
1	I bought a Living Social deal for this place and when I called to make an appointment they said they would call me back. 3 hours later they called and when I told them I had the LS voucher they said they were booked and I would have to go to other place, they were booked for months.  It showed that only 8 people had purchased this voucher so far.  On the voucher it gave the # and address to their location. (There is no other location.) I do not like being lied to so I got my money back from LS and will never step near this place.  Kelly L. Obviously works there.Rude people, stay away.
1	This place is horrible, they over book & take forever to actual start your nails. Also the kids chairs they have are completely disgusting. I took my niece with me & there was hair & dirt inside the bowl. They are higher priced than any other place I've been & I mean even high end nail salons. Poor quality & bad service. Avoid this place!!
5	Finally a nail salon with personality! I just went to Angelic Nails & Spa for a pedicure and they did an amazing job. They hand you your own pumice and nail file to keep with you and bring in, and they also give you the package of sterilized tools so that you can relax and enjoy your fungus free service. The staff has personality and they are very professional, I would recommend this place to anyone!
1	Bought a Living Social deal for myself and my sister and went in together this afternoon. Someone yelled to greet us when we walked in the door and I replied that we had the LS deal and were there for mani/pedis. A woman rushed over and literally whispered to me (so no other customers would hear about the LS?) that they only accept 5 LS appointments per day and were currently booked for weeks. Umm...probably something worth mentioning in the fine print of the voucher. Obviously I would never purchase another Living Social deal from them, but based on their customer service (or lack of!) I also wouldn't bother to give them another try.
5	Theresa the main manager is nice and treats her regulars really well. Place is clean and prices are good. Always have good service and others I sent have had a good experience.
4	I went to this nail salon when it was under previous ownership and because of a few reasons, stopped going there. I went with a friend after they were under new ownership and I have been going there ever since. I can't say it's perfect, but I have learned that the only tech I will allow to do my acrylic nails is Ken. I can always call in advance and request him, and even if he is not set to work for the day, I have been told he will come in for appointments. The other male nail tach gave me nothing but issues, cut two of my nails too short so they bled and hurt for weeks, seemed to have issues with just doing the nail procedure, etc.....so I will wait to use Ken every time. Teresa is nice to me and always helps me out when she can, offers good customer service, offers me a drink, and changes the TV channel if it's requested. The prices are fair here, and if you pay in cash you are likely to get a better deal. I do agree that they tend to overbook, and you may wait a little longer than they estimate. She's always done what she can to make it right for me however.I plan to keep going here, even though I live 2 minutes away from another salon and this is about a 15 minute drive.
1	I will never send my wife to this place ever again we bought a Living Social deal they treated her like a third-party customer they did not want to take care of her  she told him I have a Living Social deal and they told her to whisper because they didn't want other customers to hear about it that's the kind of shady tactics they use I will never use there services again this place is very shady save your money stay away and the quality is horrible.  Stay away. ......
5	I'm a guy who enjoys a good pedicure. I've got big feet and I've generally had subpar pedicures at other places but this place was great. She spent a lot of time getting my nails clean and digging into my toes. Will definitely be back!
4	I popped in without an appointment this evening. Everyone was nice & friendly and took me right in. Penny took her time and did a great job! Only gave 4 stars as I paid more than most salons charge for the same service.
