2	service: terribleview: amazingwe went there for few drinks with friends. we climbed alll the way up (there are two levels to the terrace) where there was a bar in the middle, a seating area on one side of the bar and a pool with some chairs and tables around it. we were in this small seating area for a long time before we realized that this area is not served by staff and we have to walk up to the bar to get the service. later in the night there appeared a waitress who was actually serving the area. but the girl at the bar was very unfriendly and not polite to us when we asked why is there no service in our area. she yelled at us to pay for the drinks from the bar and after we refused to tip her she came up to us and had a long discussion with one of us to make sure we pay her the tip.Next time we'll just come up to the terrace - take pictures and leave.
4	As a born and raised Montrealer, I felt embarrassed that I had waited until yesterday to visit Terasse Magnetic located at the top of Hotel de La Montagne. I had heard so much about it, and I finally had the chance to go.Walking in to the 4 start hotel entrance, with their stunning fountain, fancy people, and classy atmosphere takes you back for a second before you turn to your right and hop on the elevator to ride to the 20th floor where you'll find the terasse.At first glance when you walk out, it looks as though you just walked into the changing rooms at your local public pool, no one was changing cause it's not actually a changing room, but with ugly painted blue walls, I was a little scared of what the rest of the place would look like.Turn left right away, and you step out on to a wooden terasse with a big Gazebo in front of you (where we were lucky enough to get out table), and a large bar on your right. You pay for what you get obviously, but for the view and the pool (which was empty while we were there) , it's worth it.You can see all of Montreal from up there and I find the view more appealing than the one from the top of Place Ville Marie at Club 737, because you have access to open views all the way around.I would definitely suggest Terasse Magnetic if you're from out of town or are bringing people from out of town. Even if you're from right here in Montreal, it's a great place to relax and just have a drink.
5	This amazing terrasse is such a must-have Montreal experience that I am awarding it 5 stars JUST to convince you that I want you to go there. Now. Or at least tonight.A visit to Magnetic is an uber-fun and memorable experience from beginning to end. You enter through a deliciously kitsch entrance with a glorious fountain, faux-marble (I assume) and faux gold adornings. In short: fabulous. After taking the elevator up to the rooftop, you are hit with a totally contrasting experience: both the chairs and the cups your beer will be served in are plastic; there's a giant pool; and, the views are among the most spectacular in town. Also, in my experience, the bartenders were absolutely AWESOME, and have even traveled to the downstairs club (Thursday's) to get all the right fixings for your drink of choice. A can't lose, must-see, ultimate Montreal experience!
1	It is such a shame that a place that has such an amazing view, falls flat in every other category.  So during the summer the rooftop terrasse on top of the hotel de la montagne is one of the veryyyy few roof tops in Montreal.  There is a 'pool' if you could call it that.  Personally, I wouldn't want to step in that at all.  You can find women (I think they are strippers from Wanda's next door) sun tanning during the day by the pool.Usually you go for drinks with a group of people.  The service is terrible.  It is slow and unfriendly.  The drinks are ok but your standard fare.  The decor is outdated.  The food is decent, but it doesn't make up for the service.Go for the view, stay for one drink and leave.
4	Atmosphere It is an amazing Montreal bar smack in the middle of the downtown area, up de la Montagne street, where all the sun craving individuals go to enjoy a hot sunny day.  Located on the top floor of a hotel, it offers the perfect view of this amazing city as well as a refreshing pool. At night, it becomes a classy place where you can enjoy a drink while observing Montreal's lights. In one word, the terrasse is pretty awesome however the entrance of the bar on the 20th floor is almost scary as well as their bathrooms. Nonetheless, the beauty of the view you get from this Montreal bar is worth it and this is why I give the atmosphere of Terrasse Magnetic a definite 5 stars. Drinks & Food As for the drinks, it offers a standard amount, but nothing too crazy. The price is slightly above average but on a positive note, they tend to make the drinks pretty strong. My personal all time favorite for this place is their pitcher of Sangria. Little tip, don't go there on an empty stomach because the variety and the quality of the snacks and food is not great. For this reason, I will have to give this bar a standard 4 stars. Service The service is somewhat friendly but sometimes extremely slow. I started going there very often considering I had a friend working there for two years, which means I got good service for those two years, however I am really disappointed with the rest of the staff and the new ones from this year. The busiest time would be during a very hot day, at that point it is better to go get your drink at the bar yourself. I would give a 2 stars for the service in general. Location The location of the bar is perfect: roof top in the middle of downtown, close to the guy Concordia metro. To add to this, a bar with a pool in the middle of downtown that is open to the public is very rarely stumbled upon which makes this place very special. The easy access is another reason why I would give the location a 5 stars. The total amount of stars I would give to this Montreal bar would be 4! FYI. This bar will be seeing its last summer this year which is why, if you haven't tried it yet, go NOW!!
