3	YAY for 24 hour subs!! Okay maybe I'm getting way too excited about some shriveled up subs but I actually found my orders to be much better than the walk in stores. So far this location has been accurate with my order (knock on wood) and very tasty. I see this being very popular with the stoners late at night.
2	I went to this Subway today excited that it was a drive thru. That part as great...easy ect. But good lord...the bread at this place is terrible. It's pretty much most Subway's I have been to as well. I keep thinking it will get better and keep trying it over and over, but wow. The bread is stale EVERY time. I guess I don't understand how they can serve this?
2	After watching the Subway episode of Undercover Boss, I kind of expected a different experience.  Took my kiddos there for a later-than-normal dinner (almost 9pm).  We were the only ones in the place and had to wait for the employee to finish eating before ordering.  Not only did they (yes, there were 2 employees) not greet us, but they chatted amongst themselves with their backs to us.  When they finally got around to us, I asked for a 6" tuna on flatbread.  They were out of flatbread.  Since I don't like their bread to begin with, I went without.  My kiddos ordered a 6" meatball and a 6" BLT.  Not hard orders to make and thankfully they were correct.  Two combo meals (6" sub with a drink & chips) and our bill was just a tad over $10. While this is definitely not my favorite Subway, the plus side is - they're next door to Starbucks (which does have a drive-thru).
4	Not too much to comment on about the food other than the meatballs are...you know...meatballs. You should know by this point if you like Subway or not. Take it for what it is.The staff here is incredibly cool, though. Very friendly , good at getting the order right, and if you come in frequently enough and order the same thing, they'll even give you a cool nickname like, "Hey Mr. Meatball!". Yeah, they're pretty cool here.
1	So, I decided to try the Flatizza, BIG MISTAKE. Had enough pizza sauce on it to make a large real pizza. The flatbread was so hard I couldn't eat it and the cheese was cheddar not mozzarella.
4	The staff at this store is always nice. The store is always clean. Try the green tea with your sandwich, it's delicious.
