5	Located in the former site of Yummy's grill in the Bi-Lo plaza on the corner of Eastway and The Plaza- this is a brand new little gem that I'll definitely be stopping back to. Big City Grill is take-out only and delivers what the name suggests- if it can be grilled, it's on the menu and then some including chili and salads. Being from Upstate, NY- my fiancee and I pretty much lived on greek food so as soon as I found out that this place opened and could easily be on our way home from the gym- I suggested we drop by for a couple of gyros. (I know, gym then gyros? But that's not the point. :-)) Being take out only, it's a smaller place grill with most of the space dedicated to the very spacious, clean and organized kitchen. The waiting area is small but comfortable with chairs to sit in while you wait. The staff is friendly and welcoming. The wait after we ordered was short- just enough that we knew our food was freshly cooked and long enough for me to inform my fiancee of our upcoming engagement shoot. As I said, we are from Rochester, NY. We've eaten a LOT of greek food and have yet to really have a gyro that reminds us of what we were spoiled with in Rochester. I can happily say that situation has come to an end! The pita- oh the pita. It was perfect- it reminded me of all that pitas should be- amazingly soft and chewy and oh the flavor. I'm telling you, if you've never had a good one- the flavor of a good pita is monumental. Then the tzatziki sauce. If you're used to the tzatziki sauce that tastes like shredded cucumber in stirred into greek yogurt (I'm looking at you, giant chain grocery store)- you are in for a real treat. The sauce has a fresh, tangy flavor with just the right amount of garlic and a creamy texture  without a hint of the wateriness that a lot of tzatziki sauce has. It was the perfect compliment to the beef and lamb. The ample portion of meat was moist and flavorful. All together, it was amazing. Fiancee got just the gyro. I got the combo with salad, I mean french fries with ranch dressing. (Some gals like chocolate, I like fries with ranch. Don't judge. ;-)) The fries were crunchy (shockingly even after the drive home), soft inside and salted just right. The ranch is that creamy, buttermilky, not too thick and not too thin kind that is just addicting. So- basically they have a guaranteed customer if they ever bottle the tzatziki or the ranch. We'll definitely be back!
5	Best gyro I've had in a while. I could eat a bowl of the tzatziki sauce.   Saw an order of fish and shrimp. Looked really good.
5	Great place to stop for lunch to get a great sandwich.  Take out only.  I went with the chicken gyro and it was great!! Lots of chicken and flavor,  will definitely be back to try more.
