4	I've been to many barber shops around Phoenix and have uncovered an odd trend.  A majority of the shops are owned by Jewish Uzbek's.  What do Uzbekistan and traditional barber shops have in common?  I have no idea.  But its strange, don't you think? When I first began to notice the trend, I would go to a new barber to see if  they too were from Uzbekistan.  I'd hear that accent and ask, "You from Uzbekistan?"  "Yes", would almost always be the reply.  Oddly, they wouldn't question how I knew this.  If the Soviet Union were still around I'd be really worried.  I even found an Uzbek during a RARE visit to Supercuts!   Her husband who is also an Uzbek' works at the New York barber on Indian School @ 24th St!  I can name six other Uzbek barber shops in town!It must be a cultural thing I'm assuming, but I've noticed most of the Uzbek barbers are not really friendly.  They don't seem to smile or be chatty.  Probably a by-product of the communist economy?  That's not usually the case at Central Barber though.  They've learned those social niceties that most Americans take for granted and expect.    Always warm and welcoming and just the right amount of chit-chat.  One of the best things about this shop is the built-in vacuum that's attached to the electric clippers.  This greatly reduces the amount of hair left behind.  They also clean you up with a warm towel and give this great neck massage at the end of your cut.  Although the warm towel thing really sucks in the middle of the summer.  Not sure about all of the barbers, but the owner Roman and Abraham give the best cuts.  No appointments, but the wait is usually no more than 20 minutes max.
5	I'm no shave-and-a-haircut snob, and to be perfectly honest, I generally find the cheapest barber shop or salon I can. After coming here, I don't think I'll be doing that anymore.For an exceedingly reasonable price, the owner spent over a half  hour on my not particularly difficult hair. The ambiance in a barber shop is particularly important, and although I came when it was not crowded, I still felt comfortable--enough so that when he had finished cutting my hair, I decided that I'd get my goatee trimmed at the same time. Let me tell you--he put my home grooming efforts to shame.There's nothing like a hot towel massage, a straight razor, and high-quality lather to put you in a good mood for the day. I was debating going to the a nationwide haircutting chain a few blocks away, but I'm glad I came here. Seriously, it's only $4 more to come here for a standard haircut, and worth every penny.BTW-- Yes, he's definitely from NYC, and he's probably Jewish. I don't know about you, but I like my pizzas, my sandwiches, and my barbers to be both.
5	Wonderful, both my husband and son come here.  Everyone is so nice and attentive.  Can not suggest this place enough!!!
1	NOT reputable business. Keep playboys around as reading material for guests. Charged me for services I didn't ask for and didn't know I was paying for.I went in for a haircut, during my visit the gal trimming my hair also trimmed my beard and eye brows; she didn't ask so I assumed it was included. The haircut was good; no better or worse than camelback barbershop near bestbuy or a&d near 7th st and camelback. While paying I was charged extra for the beard and brow trim services. She WAS going to get a better tip, but changed my mind when I found that I was charged for that service.I don't plan to return here and one star only due to this shady practice. Otherwise it's an ok place for a cut, just be sure and tell them you don't want extra stuff if you're not planning to pay for it.My wife was waiting for me while I was getting my haircut and after we left, I found out that most of the magazines available for reading while you wait were playboys. In my opinion, a reputable business should NOT keep this type of material around. Then again, I wouldnt really consider this a reputable business.
4	I really like this place. I'm not the type to switch barbers often. But after moving, researching and trying out different places (for the last year) in downtown Phoenix, I think I've decided on Central Barber Shop.I've had my hair cut from a few different barbers there. Roman is quick and good. I think he might be the manager, or pit boss or something...  I've also had my hairs trimmed from a gal who once asked him for advise in Russian, I think.... Anyways, she ended up doing a very good job as well. I actually prefer Roman and second the blonde gal right next to him. I've also had my hairs cut from a gentleman by the name of Boris. My hair is always done well. Pricing is decent. And Dutch Bros Coffee is right next door. North West corner on Central & Camelback.
5	I have been coming here for several years. I have always been treated great by everyone. The only person to cut my hair though is Abrahigm. He has always been awesome. I get a haircut and a shave/beard trim. He is very meticulous and a perfectionist making sure you are happy. The neck and back massage, warm towels and aromatherapy are a nice touch too. Never been to a barbershop that did this before. Highly recommend.
4	I'm not going to sit here and try to explain this barber shop for the three-quillionth time. Either you've been here and you liked it and we're already on the same page about it being the best in downtown Phoenix, or you haven't, in which case, you really should (which needs to be soon). If somehow you've been here and didn't enjoy it, please go read something else. Not kidding. Great service, kind people, good prices, and great quality. If you live in  downtown Phoenix, I highly recommend Central Barber Shop.
5	I love this place great cut great price and always super service, Roman cuts my hair and won,t let me leave till it is perfect not my perfect but Roman's so he wants me to look his best so it is perfect.
5	I have been coming to Central Barber for years; all of the barbers are EXCELLENT. I have my hair cut every 10 days, and always look forward to my visits.
3	It's a great place. They make you feel gpod.
5	The best barber shop!!!  They really make you feel good. My son loves getting his hair done there. The massage and warm towel is his favorite. Friendly people, clean place. The price is reasonable!!!
1	DON'T DO IT! They hardly speak English, and I felt an icy discomfort upon entering. They had no interest in talking to any of their clients. I needed a haircut badly so when one of the barbers became available I told him I wanted a haircut exactly like the guy he just finished with, and even with one of his buddies translating he obviously still did not get it, since I had to keep telling him shorter. The haircut was expensive for a barber shop and not good. Find someplace else!
5	I've been using Central Barber Shop for years, with very few exceptions.  I need a haircut every 4 weeks and I always leave Central with a smile.  I have had all of the barbers cut my hair, but I prefer to use Abrahigm or Roman.  Previously, Roman's dad, Boris, was also excellent.  I have never had to wait more than one person to get one of those guys, and usually get to sit down in one of their chairs as soon as I walk though the door.  The cut and the hot towel and massage are all so relaxing.  I have also had several shaves there as part of my service.  Closer shave than I can ever give myself, and you'd never believe how relaxing it is to have a guy with a sharp blade that close to the jugular!  I always leave there knowing that I couldn't have had better service anywhere else.  I would recommend it to everybody!
5	Terrified of hair cuts for years, I decided to take my son to a barber shop. Now he looks forward to his hair cuts and asks to go all the time. Abrahigm is the best. My son refuses to see anyone else. On days that he rides his bike, they let him bring it into the store so it's not parked outside. I have taken him to low cost and high end places, and no one has ever been able to make his hair look nice. I couldn't blame them, he's got enough cowlicks to drive a professional mad, and they've all grumbled after the hour long cut. Abrahigm doesn't take long, and still gives him the hot towel and massage treatment- a place where a boy can be treated like a young man. The search has ended.
5	These guys always take good care of me and my toddler son! I look forward to going to Central Barber Shop.
5	This is the only spot my man will get his hair cut!! The barbers are thorough, affordable, and trim his hair right every time; they even offer straight razor for face and eyebrow cleanup. Best spot in Phoenix for traditional men's grooming (plus the back massage takes it to the next level). Go there if you want efficient service and a barber who remembers what you like. Completely satisfied, every time!
5	Great barbers they even give you a massage.  I think they should massage the head to stimulate the hair growth  for us guys that are going bald. Very nice guys.
5	Very reasonable prices coupled with extremely thorough and professional service. My go-to barber shop.
4	This is a pretty good place to come get a hair cut. Most of the people that work here are nice,  I would recommend picking out the barber that works for you and sticking with them. Been using the same barber for about 3 years now, and the only time  I have ever been less than thrilled was when I went when he was not there. Good prices, and laid back atmosphere.
1	I've been here two different times, Once for a haircut and shave, another time for a "trim". The first time the haircut was great, however after the straight shave my neck bled for days on end and looked like I had been mauled by a bear. You would have thought that was warning enough to stay away but after a few months I decided to go get a neck trim. Bad Idea. Apparently when you tell someone your growing your hair out and to leave the top and sides alone, In Russian it mean to cut EVERYTHING and leave it a little longer than normal. Then when you do ask for it to be fixed they talk crap about you in Russian. Bad Business. I should have spend the extra time and gas driving to my regular barber at 19th and greenway.
4	Great haircut experience. Old school by three "old" Russian guys. Very friendly and welcoming even at 8:30 in the morning. Got the hot towel, hot lather around the ears with straight razor topped off with vibrator shoulder and neck massage. All for under 20 bucks (not counting tip). Next time in Phoenix needing a trim I'm there!
5	Excellent service. Roman, the owner, is kind and friendly with reasonable prices. The only barber shop I frequent.
5	Every man should grow a beard and experience a shave by the beautiful Oksana..fantastic experience
5	I've been coming here for about 10-12 years when the old owner, Arkady, use to run it. He has passed the keys to Roman and it only got better. The best barber shop in town. This isn't Great Clips or a chain place, this is a good old fashion barbershop with straight razors, a towel and a back massage. I cannot recommend this place enough, Roman or Ibragim are the barbers you want to see. The rest I haven't had the pleasure to work with but I'm sure they are fine too.
5	The Central Barber Shop is a step back in time.  The 4 chair shop has a group of highly professional stylist/barber's.  They are knowledgeable of the styles of today to the clean cut look of the older cliente.  Their Russian background opens the door to a old traditional hot towel, massage included in the haircut.  If you want a shave, its the best place in town to sit back and relax.  Ibragim has a great sense of humor and Roman and Oksana always make you feel at home.  Priced right for the quality of service and positive attitude of the team. Give it a try, i am certain you will like it.Bill Saul
5	I was recommended to Roman and I LOVE my highlights and cut! I HIGHLY recommend her to anyone that wants gorgeous hair. 10 STARS! Romans awesome!!!
5	Great barber shop atmosphere! Barbers are all Russians with great touch of traditional pride in everything they do! Professional, friendly, entertaining, and very accommodating from a  faze cut to a light trim! Warm lather and straight edge razor treatment to a steaming towel and a neck and back massage! Very reasonably prices in the heart of town! Stop in!Highly recommend it !Bill Saul
