3	Well well well... I'm the first to review the new Dick's location. Of course I am. I can already hear this review screaming ROTD and I haven't even written it yet... 1. I'm not gay. This is probably the fourth Yelp in which I've disclosed this. It's not important because you should care what my orientation is but so that you can get a sense of this place from the hetero-perspective.   2. Many people think I'm in the closet. So if you're rolling your eyes at number one, you're not alone. 3. Granted, my speech patterns and flamboyant style are confusing, especially if you're from the midwest.* 4. People are gonna think what they want and life is just really, really good anyway. 5. I was DD one night and we were driving from E. McDowell to Cenpho. Someone, who shall remain nameless, screams from the back seat, "DICKS!" 6. We go.7. The two ladies I "brought" loved it. 8. One of the dancers is "huge." I want one of those. 9. I can appreciate male beauty. There were maybe one or two pretty dudes but the rest were just ridiculously fit. Six packs and the like... 10. Apparently, three more minutes of the grind and my lady friend was gonna not be not actively orgasming. She was with the "huge" dude. 11. She went back the next night. 12. My other friend's personal dancer said, "I think I'm enjoying this more than you are." I hang with some sexy ladies. I'm very lucky. 13. It's fully nude if I haven't made that clear. 14. There is a no cell phone use policy, which I had no idea they would enforce. 15. Punishment for using cell phone: The most twinkish dancer among them came over and started grinding in my crotch with his ass. Like........ yeah. If that wasn't bad enough, he kept screaming "Pull my hair!" Dude. "Don't call me dude!" Sorry, Dude. "Don't call me dude!!!" "Smack my ass!" 16. They make straight dudes pay to get in. Remedy that immediately, please. If I'm there with 2 or 7 women, and your gaydar doesn't go off, hook a brother up. *Just kidding middle America.
4	What happens at Dick's Cabaret stays at Dick's Cabaret as far as I am concerned... at least (most of) the details do!So, for all of you that said you were "in" last night to the Dick's Cabaret UYE and didn't make it, let me tell you - you really missed out!  It looks like Ali beat me to the punch with her UFC review, but to add to what she shared, I will say that when I return to Dick's (and I'm sure I will), I'll make sure to go a little later in the night (we hear it gets going closer to 10 or 11) and I'll have a few drinks before hand too.  Nothing like sitting on stage with three almost naked men dancing and grinding all around you, being told to "smack that ass" and being completely sober!Before last night, the closest male entertainment I'd seen was "Thunder Down Under" in Vegas and maybe a stripper at a party or two - but Dick' was different... while the place may not be the classiest I've seen and the dancers may not have sparkly outfits or high heeled shoes, these guys take it all off!  Thanks for the entertainment, West Coast, Cal, and my favorite - Rocky!Thanks for some of the best entertainment I've had in a long time, Junior and company... and thanks to the rest of you yelper friends for joining and being such great sports.  What a fun night!  Oh, and I now own my very own "Got Dick?" tank top souvenir.  Maybe I'll wear it to the next OYE!  (It's so cute!)**Disclosure statement: Names of the innocent other yelp attendees have been omitted - I'll let them share their own reviews if they choose to do so!
4	My friend and I went to Dick's Cabaret for a birthday shindig.  The birthday girl had a small entourage with her when we arrived.  We were the only group in the showroom.  There were only three or four dancers there at the time and our girl friends were being generous to the hot men as they took their turns on the stage.  (And yes there are poles.) The DJ was made aware that we were partying with a birthday girl, SO out came the High Heel Shoe Chair to the center of the stage where the guest of honor took her rightful place.  Our friend was now part of a fourgy.  Three dancers rotated in and out of birthday girl country.  Lucky girl!!!  After all the drama she was given a "GOT DICK?" T-shirt.  It was cute adult fun.Admission to Dick's is $20 big ones.  If you have a VIP card it is $10.  Lap dances with undies on are $10 per song.  If you want a nude lap dance you will have to pay a VIP section fee then each dance after that is $20 bucks per song.  Admission gets you a drink ticket.  NO ALCOHOL because the dancers get completely nude.  NO CELLPHONES allowed inside the showroom.  You will be patted down.  Fun : )The girls cut out early.  My buddy and I stayed and played.  Strippers gotta eat too!!!!
2	I think of "Dicks Cabaret" and I cannot help but start laughing histerically! Me and my girl buddies decided to go to a male strip club after discussing how all of us had NEVER been to a male strip club in our lives! We pull up, park and run to the door (the area is a bit scary). We walk in and paid a huge cover, I think it was drag night or something. We walk in and sit at the bar. We look around confused, we seem to be the only females in there. A drag queen hits the stage and introduces a few dancers. We watch the dancers. We were expecting there to be more bulkier and manlier dancers, these seemed very petite and lady like. We had a suspicion that this club was catered more to gay males. Our suspicion was confirmed when we looked over at the VIP booth and saw nothing but men getting lap dances by butt naked men.It was okay though, we still had fun :) But if you are a staight chick and want to see some rougher men, this place isn't it.. lol. Three stars :)
5	what can i say? I am a pig I like men swingin around poles I like to be a voyeur I KNOW they are gay they do not like vagina, well they do but not the way I want them too.. i know i will NEVER make them straight... nough said!!!
