3	Thought I would write a real review for this place instead of the only other one here obviously from an employee or manager????  WTH!Went here today for lunch, it is in the Overstreet next to Brad's.  The restaurant is bright and has dine-in tables or just takeout.  The instructions and options on how to order are very clear and easy to read.If you are intimidated about the thought of custom-designing your sushi roll they do have some traditional rolls you can pick from and you don't have to make any choices.I ordered the Traditional roll which starts out pricing at 3.95.  You can pick seaweed wrap (white or brown rice).  They also have soy wrap and some other options like bowls etc etc.  You can add three veggies (or 2 plus cream cheese).  Then you add a protein - I picked Spicy Tuna and it was 3.00 extra.  You can add what sauce you want like spicy mayo or wasabi mayo etc.  I added 'crunch' on top of my roll for 99 cents extra too.  The entire process is very fast and efficient.  All of the ingredients were very fresh and beautiful.  My entire order ended up costing me $7.95 because of my choices.  All in it tasted fine.  The only complaint I had was that there was way too much rice and the pieces were so big you can barely fit them in your mouth.  Probably they have so much rice so that you feel like you are really getting a lot for the the price but what it meant for me was that i could BARELY taste the ingredients I picked out.  :-(  I had to throw out the last two pieces because it was just too much rice.Next time I may ask for seaweed wrap or soy wrap with no rice so I can get some flavor and hopefully the pieces will be smaller.....All in all it was A-OK and I will be back since the prices are reasonable and the ingredients are fresh.
1	Meh is right, somehow dissapointed even though I was only expecting a cheap/quick sushi place. Was hoping this would be a convenient sushi spot on workdays, but I think I'll pass for the other options in the neighborhood. The concept is a bit weak as well, once I realized that pretty much ANY sushi spot will make your own roll if you want, they just usually provide better options they know taste good together...Looks like they hired kids from the bagel sandwhich shop and McDonald's next door in the Overstreet Mall. Trying to have someone who knows nothing about sushi guide folks through making some of their first self-made rolls didn't seem to be turning out so great. I saw many others, including myself get a little confused on the process. The rolls end up being about 85% rice, which really masks any flavor that might try to come through. I couldn't tell much different between my two rolls even though they were completely different ingredients.Price was more than I would have thought, and not very competitive for cheapo sushi ($15 for two rolls / edamame).!! Reason for one not two stars!! I ordered a side of edamame, which they have right by the register and was already in a basket above hot water. I didn't think much of it untill I saw that they were basically heating, and reheating, the same bunch of edamame over and over. The lady behind me got my heated/re-heated edamame, and who knows who else had my batch heated and how long ago it was before I arrived. They tasted about how anything does when it goes in and out of hot water for long periods of time....Definietely other better spots within a block or so of here..
2	Oh boy here we go with the wanna be sushi specialist, these folk know nothing about how to roll.  I think the intent is good but if they don't get it together we will be counting the days until they close.  How do you run out of ingredients during lunch?  You're only open for lunch, how does that happen?  I  agree with Melissa that it's way too much rice and it just took over the roll.  I think I'll continue to roll over to 112 or Enso for my lunchtime sushi fix.
3	How Do You Roll? basically meets my expectations.  I mean, it is simply sushi done in a fast food manner.  i know that i can get better mexican at cantina than i can at taco bell and a better burger at crepe cellar than i can at mcdonald's.  these are the simple truths in life.  it's McSushi...their build your own roll concept isn't a bad idea and it makes it relatively easy to just get a meal.  yes, they get a little heavy on the rice with their rolls.  the flaw in the concept, though is that when you go to a real sushi restaurant, you have a real sushi chef that knows what flavors and textures compliment each other.  as a layperson on the matter, i have a moderate idea of what is going to be a winning combination.  and their half dozen or so preconceptualized rolls don't leave much to the imagination.i usually double up on the meat which makes an already thick roll a little thicker.  thankfully, i have a big mouth to cram the so-so roll pieces in.  the pricing is somewhat reasonable and the service is pretty cordial.  their high roller program could be beneficial for a regular and i usually drop a business card in the fish bowl for grins...
2	Hello Friends, Well, after today's lunch I was coming here to UPDATE my review. Only to find its not here to update.. (but my pictures are still up).. SoOooo, I'll do another one... Sadly my 1st review is way more nicer than this one. Grumbles and I ventured between here for a Lunch special ($5 = Cali Roll, Miso Soup) but after looking at the almost empty selections I decided not to. I went with the White Rice, Soy Roll paper, "shrimp", asparagus, cucumber, & "salmon" (2 bucks extra). Well, since this place is now going to average a 2.5 stars. I guess its not much that i need to add that  "2.5 stars" and the previous reviews hasn't. I will say this...in closing.. My "roll" wasn't a "roll" it was more so... to be honest. IDK what it was but it surly wasn't going to roll. Each of the rolls fell apart by time I got to my desk. (SEE PIX) And I work across the street.. not down the street. If the question is, "How Do You Roll" my answer is... NOT LIKE THIS!!TTFN
