4	What a find!  Everything was uniquely flavored and all the vegetables and meats were cooked to perfection.  The menu is surprisingly simple but the taste is refreshingly complex.The pot stickers are the kind I like, not too doughy.  We had the Basil Spring Rolls with plum sauce which was the lightest way I've ever started a meal.  Then the Beef with Vegetables which was nice and smoky and Beef Lo Mein, the classic and hearty noodle dish.  Only four stars because the fried rice is really bland.When all was said and done the bill was reasonable and even the fortune cookies were crispy and almond-y.  The dining area is very large and beckons you to visit again, even sooner than you would order delivery.  This is a great spot for a date, family dinner, or even just a meal on the fly...
4	I would put five stars but I'm holding back b/c the wonton soup is just okay and I really like a good soup.  However, the basil rolls are so fresh and interesting, I just love them.  So far the entrees are great though the tamarind can be a little heavy on chicken or beef.  There are more interesting dishes including shredded duck with leeks that I can't wait to try.
5	We live in Plaza Midwood, and we can get food delivered from there.  The person who took our order and the delivery driver were both very attentive and courteous.  The food was really great - hot (temperature), perfectly cooked, well seasoned, and yummy.    The portions were large, which means a lot of leftovers.  We will definitely order from them again.
3	We went here this week as part of our Monday night dinner club from work. I ordered the Basil Chicken, and it was pretty good, as was the Veggie Egg Roll I got for a side. Others, however, were disappointed in more traditional Americanized Chinese fare, including Mixed Lo Mein.We didn't ask for the traditional Cantonese menu, so I would like to try something from there when I go back. Overall, I enjoyed my food, but it wasn't anything spectacular. I liked the dining area and the service.The price is relatively good, in the $10-$15 range you would expect. Not a bad place to eat out for a casual dinner, but it's not somewhere you need to frequent for Charlotte Chinese.
4	Don't be fooled by the inauspicious location in a tiny strip mall. This restaurant served delicious food fast. My twins wanted Chinese food for their birthday and, frankly, I had not been impressed by anything I had tried so far in Charlotte. 88 China Bistro was written up in Creative Loafing as being one of only a couple Chinese restaurants that make their egg rolls fresh every day. It was obvious that their food was fresh and flavorful. Spring rolls, crab rangoon, and pan fried dumplings were devoured immediately by my family. My kids all ordered wonton soup and, although I did not care for it, they all loved it. Our waiter recommended the pineapple fried rice - served in a carved out pineapple (!) Delicious! We also ordered a plate of mixed sauteed vegetables and the tangerine chicken. Both were great. The chicken was perfectly cooked, nice and crispy with a lot of flavor. We grabbed a takeout menu on the way out the door - can't wait for our next takeout night! We will certainly be coming back.
4	Kick ass egg rolls
1	This was the worst Chinese I ever tasted. The broccoli was soggy and grayish looking, the beef tasted like rubber and the brown rice tasted like it was sitting all day. I asked for pork fried rice and I got chicken fried rice and it was not good at all. I didn't even get my egg rolls I ordered, even though I paid for three of them. There was so much preservatives in the food that I got a headache that lasted for two days. This was my first time going there and the last time.
1	I can't believe u guys. This place is awful. Well, I'm from China. The food there is terrible as hell. I went there last Thursday because we were in the uptown area and this is the first Chinese restaurant we passed by. The roasted duck... Oh my god, the worst I've ever had. We also tried some Americanized Chinese dishes. Well, I don't think that's good at all.One thing to mention, I don't think they wash the cups clean. Anyway, I don't recommend that place.
4	*****The below review holds; however, I realize another reviewer here on Yelp* said the same with far fewer words.......That is:  "The egg (basil) rolls are outta this world! I love them."  .. or something to that effect.  The flavor is traditional and the value is definitely there...*****The traditional Chinese style fare offered here has actually given me an Epiphany. The truth is, I have not experienced this level of proper flavors expected in traditional Chinese since the mid 1970's in Charlotte while eating with the family at Spring Garden Restaurant on S. Blvd. I have been returning her to 88 regularly since the late spring of this year when my girlfriend told me of great reports on this place. I highly recommend you come try this restaurant soon. (Sorry, I must go eat my Boneless Duck w/ Veggies....)
4	Whoa!  I'm so used to fast food Chinese that I forgot how good Chinese food could be!  China 88 Bistro is the freaking jam when it comes to quality Chinese cusine.I visited with a large group for dinner and we share several entrees.  The entrees run about $10-$12, but feed 2 people easily.  The sesame chicken, sweet and sour chicken, and peppered beef were AWESOME!  Note: The sweet and sour sauce tasted real, not like the gelatinous stuff at the fast food joints.  The chicken entrees used quality meat, unlike the fatty stuff that most places try to cover with more sauce. The fried rice was freshly "fried", yum yum. The ambience is cozy.  No awkward harp music in the background, nor funny odors.  The service was fast, even for our group of 7, and our server was hospitable.  He successfully dissuaded us from ordering so much chicken!  Don't be fooled by the generic shopping center exterior-88 China Bistro is something to write home about (or even send some leftovers from the generous portions).
4	Great place. Come on the weekends for dinner and order off of the second menu for authentic Cantonese food.
4	We live across the street from Dim Sum and instead drive to Elizabeth for Chinese.  88 China Bistro's beef and broccoli is seriously yummy.  It is one of the few Chinese restaurants i've been to were the food isn't greasy and always tastes freshly made.  The sesame chicken is also wonderful.  The service is always quick and attentive and we always leave there satisfied and full.  One of these days i'll be adventurous and ask for the Cantonese menu, I hear it's wonderful!
5	This restaurant is fantastic! The delivery service is always fast, even during busy times. I highly recommend the Basil Chicken!
4	Seriously fresh-tasting Chinese food that reminds you that there is more to this cuisine than bland brown sauce or deep fried sweet-n-sour surprise.Located in a small strip mall just down from Presbyterian Hospital, this restaurant offers a mix of booths and tables for dinner parties of all different sizes.  Decor is pretty generic and spartan- muted colors and bad painting of flowers.  Definitely not distracting, but not exactly cozy either.The menu holds all the well-known favorites you'd expect, with weekends offering the chance for the more adventurous to request an authentic Cantonese menu.  Don't throw in the towel yet, though, as even the staples are served with a level of quality not often found amongst 88's peers.  Veggies are fresh and snappy.  Sauces have distinct and vibrant flavor.  If you ask for spicy, they will hook you up- and not in the "couple extra shakes of pepper flakes" kinda way.  Standouts include their egg rolls- nothing deep frozen for months here.  The owner told us they make them fresh each day, and it shows.  The veggies inside are still crunchy and colorful.  Nice!  I also really like their egg drop soup- lots of flavor and it has always been served piping hot.My only gripe here is the young male server who rushes service and interaction to the point you feel like you're in the way of him getting on to his next appointment- even though the place is near-empty.  Orders are prompt and correct, I just don't see the need for the rush-hour approach to getting me back out the door, especially on the weekends.  A little more customer service would go a long way.Still, I didn't come particularly for the service, I came for the food, and the quality is there and noticeable.  When I don't want to slum it for Chinese take-out, 88 is my new go to.
4	And the skies opened and I could hear "Hallllllllllllllllelujah!" Tasty Chinese food in Charlotte! I was practically convinced that after almost 4 years in Charlotte I was never going to find solid, convenient and fresh Chinese food. Therefore, stating that I was impressed with 88 China Bistro is putting it mildly. The take out menu is traditional (Americanized Chinese) with far fewer fried dishes (thank God). Many, if not all, of the items are freshly made in house and it shows. Hubs picked up a myriad of take out and brought it home so we could feast. Here's what I tried...Sesame Cold Noodle Appetizer: 4/5: For $4.50, this dish is a steal. Plenty of perfectly cooked noodles with a generous helping of peanut-y, sesame dunked sauce on top. The sauce is thicker, so be sure to spread the love around before you dive in. Simple yet de-freakin'-licious. Beef & Broccoli: 4/5: I'll completely agree with Lindsay H - their beer & broccoli is pretty fab. It's freshly made and the sauce isn't that coagulated, syrupy crap. The broccoli is tender and still has a bit of a crunch. Fried rice: 3/5: I appreciate that it's fresh, it just could have used a bit more flavor and a bit less soy. I'm looking forward to my lunch today, as it will be chock full of leftovers from last night's 88 China Bistro meal. One of these days I want to head over there and ask for this elusive Cantonese menu.
4	I always love eating at the Bistro 88. The cooks can always add the heat to your liking and their homemade chili oil is awesome. They also have the best steamed dishes in Charlotte. Some of my favorites are:House Lo MeinPineapple ShrimpChicken Steamer
3	88 was the jersey # for my boyfriend in high school so it holds a special place in my heart....and so does Chinese food, so trying 88 China Bistro was a must in my book! I've passed this place by a number of times on the bus route I used to take and recently heard good things about it so game on! I stopped by here a couple of weeks ago for lunch and they have a bangin lunch menu.  I ordered and in less than five minutes my food was ready to go -holla! The food was typical Chinese takeout-nothing out of this world and not the best I've ever had but not horrible either. I got the General Tso's Chicken and it could have used more heat but that's what Sriracha is for. This is a good spot to stop at if you work in the Uptown area and want to venture out for a little bit due to their fast service, reasonable prices and ample parking.
4	While the restaurant was empty on a wednesday night, the food was fresh and tasty. Just as fellow yelpers had advised. Will definitely be back to try some other dishes.
2	So I get random take-out Chinese cravings every once and awhile and today was one of those days.Based on such positive reviews I was really excited to try my "usual" at a new place ...a good place. Unfortunately, I didn't have as great of an experience as some of the other yelpers. I opted for take-out lunch and ordered my extra crispy sesame chicken which came with an egg roll and fried rice for a measly $7 - great deal!Well my chicken was semi-crispy but the flavor just wasn't there...oh and neither were the sesame seeds. The chicken chunks were way too big to eat in a bite which is one my Americanized-Chinese food pet peeves. The real atrocity was the fried rice -which had no veggies and I spotted one dime-size piece of fried egg in the entire dish...why bother offering a fried rice option?The positive...  It did come with two broccoli florets which were crunchy and good - the egg rolls were tasty and service was extremely friendly. If I do come back maybe I'll try the more authentic Chinese options rather than what I had.
4	Seeing how 88 China Bistro is only a block from my office I eat there often. It is not the best Chinese food I have had, it is not my favorite Chinese spot in Charlotte but it suffices for a quick lunch. The food is flavorful, light and gets to you quickly all at a fair price. I really enjoy their hot and sour soup.
2	I really wanted to like this place. The reviews here are mostly good. I had the Tangerine Chicken. I realize that this probably isn't a great dish to review a Chinese place on, however this was rather disappointing. The atmosphere is comfortable and calm. [Most Chinese places I've been to are completely opposite of this] Also for a Saturday night they didn't have many people. [Saturday night is suppose to be a busy night]Some of the issues I found:1. The booths are quite old. If someone is sitting behind you it is very possible for them to push the booth into you. This is quite bothersome, and I had to move because of this reason. 2. Price, it wasn't that bad. It was about $10 for an entree, nearly $2 for a drink and the meal ended up being $16-17 after tip.3. Service: I have no complaints. I'm not very picky on service, so I have no complaints.4. Value: For the quality, I wouldn't say the value is very high. They did give a lot of quantity.5. The food. This is the thing that bothered me the most. The Tangerine chicken was just chicken. There weren't any vegetables to compliment or to round out the plate. The chicken was chicken battered in tangerine peels, and their batter. Each ball of chicken was [with breading] about 2-3 inches in diameter. The chicken is covered in "brown sauce." The cirtus flavor was only if you had a taste of the fried remains of the tangerine peel. Also, this dish was claimed to be spicy, however from the looks of it, the only spicy element was entire chiles that had been added later to the sauce. How could the food have been better. INAPC [I'm not a professional chief], but:1. Balance out the dish. Add less deep fried items to the dish. I had never gotten an typical Chinese restr. dish that was deep fried and didn't have some kind of vegetables. 2. There was NO citrus flavor. If you want the flavor you're going to have to put it in the sauce. It is nearly impossible to favor via the meat via its breading. The chemical reaction completely kills most flavroids. 3. Don't reuse the sauce. Create a spicy sauce and crush up those peppers. Just putting them in the sauce and heating it up at the last minute won't make it spicy. Add heat to the dish and stick by it. If it says spicy on the menu it should be intended to be spicy.
4	The best summer rolls, here called Basil Rolls and if you are on a diet you can eat here, im not on a diet but i no i like look i do on one anyway peanut sauce is not like in a Thai place but more like a Vietnamese place, like hoison right out of the squeeze bottle in a cup with some peanuts on top. my stirfried Chicken and shrimp was a lunch special and it was better than most Chinese. All but one of my jock friends would say why did you pick a normal place which is a compliment for this place  for service this place has some great waiters and  the decor is two steps above drap, it is clean and feels safe for sure you could take a date here if you do not no each other well no one will no 1if you have to walk home go over to Elizabeth and you may fell better sooner i could recomend alot of places but for Chinese this is better than many and for Chinese they get 4 stars.
5	Great food, good prices, super clean and very friendly staff. The basil chicken is truly amazing. This is not a typical Chinese restaurant where the food is lost in sticky goo. It's a true chef restaurant where the flavors are balanced, the ingredients are fresh and the flavors blended for a pleasurable dining experience. I love this place!
2	I went with my wife on Saturday night.  The place was less than half filled at 7 p.m. and never really filled up.  The decor is extremely generic, but fine.  As someone else pointed out, the booths do slide around a bit, so when someone sat behind me, I could feel his every move. The service was attentive and helpful, and the food came out relatively quickly.  Price-wise it was average - 10 and 13 dollars for entrees,  5 dollars for an appetizer.  Not amazingly cheap, but not expensive either.  The entrees did come with a lot of food.So why two stars?  Quite simply I didnt like the food that much.  The basil rolls were fine, fresh, crispy with a strong basil flavor, but I really disliked the sauce that came with them.   I tried the egg roll as well which was ok, but had an aftertaste vaguely like wasabi.  We both ordered off the chef's specialties thinking that it would be the most interesting food.  I got the chicken basil - once again I found the sauce off-putting, not for the spice, just the actual flavor of it.  The chicken was super thinly sliced and extremely soft to the point that I felt like it hardly had the consistency of chicken.  My wife got the scallops which were a bit better, but almost cloyingly sweet.  The proprietors were extremely nice and helpful so I feel bad putting up a somewhat negative review, but I doubt very much that I will be back.
4	This is a great joint with easy access for Midtown, Elizabeth & Myers Park residents. It's the best Chinese I've had in the area. The vegetables are typically done very well in all of the dishes. Not overcooked and always a good mixture. Dishes aren't over sauced and are made to order if you have a special request or need. I took my family here while they were visiting for Christmas & everyone really enjoyed it. My dad even said it wad possibly the best Chinese he's ever had, which was surprising considering he lives in the Bay Area. We got everything from mu shu pork to shrimp to garlic chicken to beef and broccoli. I'm a sucker for the basil chicken. It is usually what I get when I'm solo. Everyone who works there is very friendly. It is not the coziest atmosphere to dine in; if your group is 5-6 there is a little alcove private room that is warmer than the tables and chairs or the booths.
4	Best. Chinese. In. Charlotte.
2	I have ordered delivery from here and each time I do I am disappointed.  Their Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao chicken are way too bland and do not taste like any other Chinese I have ever had.  I've had their Sesame chicken and it is just alright - nothing special.
5	The absolute best Chinese food in all of Charlotte. And the freshest I might add! I always get the stir-fried asparagus ( I add shrimp). It's cooked perfectly, I just can't figure out how they do it. The kung Pao shrimp is perfection also. The veggies are just so fresh!!! The lady at the front always say "see you next week". Great place, I hope it's open forever. They deliver and the prices are unbeatable for the quality of food.
4	Great food and service.  We rate this one of the best Chinese restaurants in Charlotte.
3	Sauteed veggies highly recommended!
4	Chinese and some Thai Dishes... Better than most Chinese and better than some Thai...Many Good Chicken Dishes!  They know how to use Garlic!  Thai Basil!  Sesame Chicken is very Good as is General Tso's, Szechuan, Hunan and Tangerine!Lo Mein and Singapore Rice noodles are Good as are the Stir-Fried Okra and Eggplant Dishes!Basil Rolls (Fresh Summer Rolls) are Very Good, with Jicama instead of lettuce or Noodles... They need a better sauce for these!Egg Drop Soup is Consistently Very Good!All but one staff person is very pleasant and even that one guy can be won if you order fast and want few or no changes to the menu... That is not the way I order most of the time though it is easy to do here because the dishes are well designed!Not my suggestion for a first nor second date, unless your date LOVES Chinese and does not want anything else!  Do you really want to date someone like that?  I have eaten here with friends or a friend, (kinda Hard to prove) OK I was by my self... some of the time!  55 and I have eaten here!  Garlic Story:  We took close to One Dozen Whole Cloves of Garlic out of a Chicken Dish (in a Bowl)!  They are NOT Shy about using Garlic... This Dish was VERY Flavorful and did not have an Overpowering Garlic Flavor, I guess because the Cloves were still Whole!
2	Very nice staff, very clean appearance...  Food was not bad, but seemed to have very little taste.  I had chicken& broc in brown sauce, my wife had house special lo mien...  We both had similar reaction to the taste.  Again it wasn't bad, just plain...
4	So, on my quest for Chinese delivery I was anxious to give 88 China Bistro a shot & was very happy. As some of you may know I base Chinese restaurants on their wonton soup, as I do Miso Soup a Sushi restaurants. Unfortunately that was my least favorite thing of the meal. It was a nice broth, but no scallions, and the chicken dumplings were a little too doughy for my liking. As for the meal, I ordered the Rainbow Shrimp, which was great. A great amount of shrimp. A nice light brown sauce & great, fresh vegetables. Added bonus, delivery w/ a $15.00 minimum, and very fast. I was quoted 30 minutes and they arrived in less than 25. I look forward to my next order.
4	The woman who answers the phone is always so nice! I order takeout and have yet to dine-in, but I love their food and find myself craving it. So far I've ordered the basil chicken (spicy) and stir fry broccoli, both with brown rice. The portions are large enough that they allow for leftovers for lunch and dinner for two days after (if I don't just binge eat it all that night). Food is delicious and hot when it arrives, and delivery is faster than expected or promised.
3	Having recently moved to Charlotte, this was my first time ordering Chinese food in the area. I called at about 3:30 but was informed they do not open until 4, however the very nice lady took my order anyways for a 4:30 delivery. Unfortunately I was not impressed with the meals we received at all. The egg rolls and chicken and broccoli were extremely bland and needed to be drenched in soy sauce for any flavor. Also, the wonton soup was not your traditional, as it was made with rice paper and had broccoli in the soup. I'm not sure if this is how they normally make the soup or if it was a miscommunication. We also placed an order for two sides of brown rice but received one white and one brown. I will say that the General Tso's chicken was pretty tasty and gave me slight hope for other entrees. Unfortunately I don't think that I will be ordering from here again though.
4	Not the best decor. Old 80's Chinese style. Overall not a bad Chinese meal and ordered Hot and sour soup, spring roll  egg roll  cashew chicken with Chinese eggplant. Tasted fresh. Will go back. It's safe ;)
4	The food was super. The service was fair. Portions were large. We were there with 10 people and were seated in a private area which was very nice. The menu had a good variety and the tea was very good.
4	had a super stir-fried rice noodles with beef!
5	If you want good Chinese food  then 88 China Bistro is the place to go. I did a translation job for this company and its guest were from Shanghai. I wanted to bring the guests to a good Chinese restaurant  to eat lunch so I thought of 88 China Bistro. My dad works part time as a chef there so I only trust his cooking skills. I had the curry tofu and it was delicious and the curry sauce wasn't too strong. The flavor was just right. The egg roll was hot and crispy. My guests and I had the seafood soups and they all enjoyed  the seafood soups. My guests had the lo mein and the fried rice and one vegetable dish. They all enjoyed the food at 88 China Bistro. 88 China Bistro is not far from dowtown and it has its own parking lot. Although the parking lot is not big. The staffs there were super friendly. Great food and service.
5	At 88 China Bistro, my husband and I were absolutely delighted to enjoy true Cantonese dining for the first time in years!  The spring rolls are crispy, hot and delicious and the pork dumplings are the best.  They are steamed in broth and then fried in a minute drop of oil to make them crispy.  When you bite into the dumpling, there is a little bit of broth that accompanies your first taste and it is eye rolling good! On our first visit, I enjoyed the soft shell crab with veggies and my husband consumed an enormous plate of Moo Shu chicken.  We were hooked!  Our waiter was delightful and even though the place was busy with soaking wet and hungry customers from a sudden deluge of rain that began just as we left our hotel, he could not have been more gracious. Last night, after a brief attempt at finding another Chinese restaurant closer to where we were staying this trip, we figured we were silly to miss what we already were sure would be a great meal, so back to 88 China Bistro we went.  The evening was calm and clear, and we were the only customers.  Our trip into town showed us why 88 China Bistro is not as busy on a Friday night as one might expect.  It is located in a very small strip mall perfectly placed between the enormous medical complex and  Charlotte's central court system.  On our first visit we stayed across from the court house and were the only people alive in Charlotte on Saturday morning when I walked my dog!  That enormous 'parking lot' of a highway system that removes everyone from the city is the reason Friday night is the PERFECT evening to head for 88 China Bistro. If you work in town, stay a little late at the office, then head over to relish a terrific dinner at 1620 E. 4th Street.  Your ride home will be smooth(er) sailing, with a lot less wear and tear on your brakes. What a peaceful beginning to a weekend!Back at the restaurant, we were charmed this time by the waiter (owner?) who told us more about the type of cuisine that is their specialty.  While there are a LOT of spicy offerings in every category, the Cantonese style dishes are not inexpensive to prepare and absolutely perfect.  In addition to more of their fabulous spring rolls and dumplings, I kvelled over a gorgeous platter of tender scallops, shrimp, vivid green and orange (and fresh!) broccoli and carrots over pan friend noodles (Seafood Pan Fried Noodles). Every mouthful was as good as it gets and brought back memories of dinners my family shared when I was young.  The difference between my memories and this meal was the lightness of the sauce. NO thick, MSG-ladened white sauce this, but a light broth based sauce to hold the flavors.  YUM!My husband ordered the Crispy Roast Duck (half).  Could they really do this in a reasonable amount of time?  Yes, we were told, because the restaurant was not busy, the duck would be served fairly quickly. (Don't try to order this at lunch when every doctor and lawyer in Charlotte wants what they want when they want it!) And it was. And it was fall-off-the-bone tender and delicious!  I sampled the duck and could understand how my husband was able to consume the entire serving platter with little time or room for the brown rice (which was perfect, but extraneous under the circumstances).   Dining at 88 China Bistro is not a kitschy or latest Asian trend experience.  It is the best of traditional Cantonese style cuisine, and if you like that as much as my husband and I do, look for us on a Friday night at 88 China Bistro!
5	My boyfriend has been in the hospital the past few days, we were both tired of the food. I found 88 on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  Glad I did!  They delivered a great meal to the hospital.  Their level of customer service was outstanding. Very helpful with providing information. They even accommodated the special dietary directions his nurse had provided. The meal provided by 88 delicious!
5	Very surprised.. I haven't been here in about a year, but figured I would give it another chance. I'm sure glad u did!! The chicken and broccoli was awesome.. So was the crab Rangoon, lo mein and Mie fun!! I will be going back..
1	Owner told me if I wanted my food faster, after an hour wait, I should have came to pick it up myself. They are only 8 mins away and took over an hour to deliver. I'm home sick and I called at the 40 min mark (what she told me the latest it should be here) to ask where's the food and she said its on its way. After another 15 mins still no delivery so I called again and she said the driver had multiple deliveries and is probably coming across town. After 10 mins of back and forth (another 25 mins after my food was suppose to be here) the driver shows up. She refused to compensate in any way and said if I want to cancel then cancel. So my food was being delivered "across town" with another order, talk about bad management and terrible service. In the end she hung up on me and we let the delivery guy walk away with the food bc it was going to be cold.Summary: terrible customer service
1	I'm only giving a star because I'm forced to. The owner Kim is extremely rude and has no clue what customer service is. We ordered food at 8:30 on a Sunday night and the food arrived at 10:00 PM. We called the owner to let her know our food is over an hour late and then she hung up on us. When the driver finally got her the food was cold and we sent it back with him.
