1	Had one of the worst experiences of my life at this store. Was told they understood why I was upset and knew I wouldn't ever come back but they couldn't address the issue. When I told their corporate customer service they said sorry, but we can't help you and were not worried about losing a customer. Went to " The Jewelers" on Eastern and they were awesome. Told them what happened at Jared and they honored the Jared rewards that Jared wouldn't. Plus their diamonds were better quality and better priced!
5	I just recently got ingaged and purchased the ring here. This location is exceptional especially since the renovations are near completion. It looks great! Robert is amazing! Himself and the staff are extremely attentive and can answer any question. Their patience with me was astounding given that I had them reset the center stone 3 times due to my own personal preferances. They did so everytime without a fuss and the end result was gorgeous. My fiance and I are extremely happy with the ring, the staff and will be back soon for the next purchase.
5	Jared is the only place we buy diamonds. I'm not a jewelry fan. My other half is, but I like minimal simple stuff. I received my first diamonds about 2 years ago. 1/4 carat (per ear)  stud diamonds in a higher quality of stone. I picked em out myself but they were a gift. Wow, I got it, why girls love diamonds so much. I never take them out and visit Jared regularly for inspections and cleanings. My boyfriend has 2 Russel Simmons bracelets that are simply beautiful, also a product from here. This Christmas I was surprised in my stocking with an exquisite black and white diamond necklace with almost a full carat. You can literally tell the difference in quality. Not to mention they are never too pushy, and if they are having a bad day, I sure never noticed. Even when I come in simply to make a payment I'm offered bottled water or coffee. Also, they send you tons of promos once you're a loyal customer. They take care of you as any place you spend thousands should.
4	Took a while to get some help, but it was all good, we were able to look around without anyone bothering us.  So we picked a few pieces that we really liked..  We finally got some help (I can't remember the young girls name)  But she was very helpful.  She said they can make almost any thing we liked work within our price range.  Yes there pieces were nice, but....I just wanted something I could walk out the door with.  They do have a little sales pressure on you there.  We thought we were going to come back, we ended up buying some where else.
