1	We have a home warranty company and have had this company out twice through them.  This company is not competent.  Each time it has taken them a month or more to repair our washing machine.  The technician actually left our house saying he had no idea what was wrong with the machine.  But, some how, they ordered more parts and, guess what, they still weren't able to fix the problem.  Talking to them on the phone accomplishes nothing.  I have found them to be very rude every time I have spoken to them.  This is an example of a company that stays in business because they give the lowest quote to AHS.   They would never be able to make it if they had to depend on actually fixing appliances and customer satisfaction to get business.
5	Moved into my rental, stove hood was out. HA contacted me through the Home Warranty - I am leery of most repairs vendors through Old Republic. They turned out to be very easy to work with - efficient, courteous and professional. From the appointment setter to the repair tech everything went very smooth. He even cleaned up after his repair - can be rare these days. Definitely recommend.
1	Worse company ever!  They were supposed to fix my dishwasher but said I needed a part that they did have but would come back to replace.  Next thing I know I get a call saying that the repairman will be at my home in 20 minutes.  After 40 minutes, I called them and they told me that the repair guy had already been there and that I missed my appointment.  They said that he left a sticky note (there was none).  They said that he rang the door bell (he didn't).  I had four adults and two dogs in my house all day; if anyone comes near the door they will bark.  But guess what... we were all home.  No one came.  Now they want to reschedule my appointment for 10 days later than the original date.  Don't use them ever.  They will collect your deductible and get it cashed immediately and then not fix your machine for weeks!
1	They were sent out by my home warranty.  If I could give them less that one star, I would.  Unfriendly, slow, showed up 45 minutes after the appointment window (after I had told them I would have to take an afternoon off so I could be there in the window they stated), and the technician did not identify himself when he came to my house, I had to ask who he was and why he was here...  I do not understand how a business like the still keeps the doors open.  If I ever have appliance issues again, I will request my home warranty send anyone but this company.   Truly a horrible experience!
1	If it was possible to give these people negative  stars I would. Three weeks to fix a washing machine with tons of excuses. They are now on the "no use hit list" with Old Republic. If you had a life emergency you'd be dead before they cared enough to help you.  It was one thing when you say you have to order parts and be back in a day, it's another when you take a week to get back then say you have more parts to get because you messed up and then take two weeks to get back.  I complained to Old Republic and their rep called their office. His reply to me "you are so right these people are out of their mind". If he said what he was going to do cause he seemed really pissed they will be off the list. I really suggest if you need a repair run and find someone else.
