2	We had the "meat man" come to our door after witnessing him going to other neighbors who are frequent customers.  So we thought we'd give it a try.  The price was right for the amount of beef we got.  But I think that we must have gotten a bad box or something.  Everything that we have cooked is SUPER greasy!!!  There is no way to describe how much grease comes from these cuts of meat.  I wouldn't buy from them if they came knocking at your door.  The grocery store is probably a better bet and probably about the same price.
1	hey Mike F... Please let me know if you tried the meat yet.. please!I purchased a box of meat today from guy driving buy.. he had a great pitch & deal and i guess i fell for it.. duh!but now i'm trying to research the company and I'm coming up empty!  it's all very shady indeed..  i'm afraid to eat the meat now..  awe man, what to do?ok peeps i'll come back with an update if i learn more.
3	I prepared the strip steaks tonight and they were actually quite good!  I prepared them as instructed by the "meat man."  We cooked them from frozen, 2 minutes on one side and then 2 minutes on the other and then turned the grill down to 300 degrees.  They were nice and pink inside and tender.  They were certainly good especially for the price I paid.  We served 8 people and not one complaint!  I don't know what you people are looking for but for my money they were just fine.Yes, the StockYards has a better steak but it also will cost you $40 per person.  Maybe you should look at your method of preparation instead of blaming the "meat."Do you people realize how hard it is to go door to door and sell something?  Get a life out there!
1	We fell for purchasing some meat from Round Up Meat company thinking it was a legitimate company like Omaha Steak company or Swansons. After eating the meat (steaks) I broke out in a horrible rash that lasted well over a week. My son grew sick over the next few weeks and ended up with a h-pylori infection. So do not buy from these people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
