3	I rented a car from Enterprise at Belmont, NC when I had to put my car in the store.  I was referred to Enterprise by AAA.  The first problem I encountered was not being picked up to complete the rental paperwork.  This caused a problem because my wife had recently injured her arm and was able to take me to pick up the car.  Then the second problem was the fluids had not been checked before the car was released to me.  Other than that the rental went fine.
5	These guys are quick and very sweet. I registered online and at the last minute had to have them come to my work and pick me up. Did not take 15 min! The are the best. I was in and out in time to take my daughter to work. Love Them
2	My car was put into a shop to get some stuff done to it, it was nice at first because they came and got me from the shop and took me to the store. Now when I got the car it was whatever the shop and my attorney handled it so everything was paid for. They took a credit card and put it on file BUT come to find out afterwards I had an actual hold on it for a few days even though I was originally told that wouldn't be the case. Well they got me into a Dodge Dart it was an ok car why irritated me was I've rented cars before and the whole inside of the car was dirty and when I say dirty I mean it. The seats were stained with black marks all soaked into it, as if some greasy person sat inside of it. Well i got the car and left had it for a day and then Joshua called me later that day yelling at me and freaking out telling me I needed to brig the car back. I said no I just got off with the shop and my rental is paid for. So I told him to call up there, he goes no you need to call them and figure it out. I'm unsure as to why he couldn't do it himself but whatever. So I had to call my attorney back who called the shop and figured it all out. Needless to say as a usual Enterprise customer I'm never going back to this store because people here are just lazy and the cars are anything but enjoyable.
