2	I went to Office Max to get a new router. When I walked in I went to the router section and the one I wanted was not in stock. Bummer. OK so I don't know jack about computers, so needless to say I needed some help. I was the only person in the store and could not find a salesperson anywhere. I stood around for awhile. A guy finally saw me and asked if i needed something. Of course I did, i was a blond fish out of water (not a good combo). I began asking him about what to do with this stuff, and he seemed less then interested. So I ended up buying a more expensive model. When I got to the register apparently it was not working. Doesn't Office Max deal in computers? Anyway, it took about 20 min to make my purchase. The store was clean but the staff was way less then stellar.
2	I used to shop at Officemax often, but no more.I got a card in the mail good for $10 off a purchase of $50 or more.I needed a new router and they had them on sale. I went in bought the router on sale for $48 and I bought some ink for my printer. They rang me up took the card and gave me the discount no problem. Then I got home and the router didn't work. I called the manufacture's tech support and after about 30 minutes they told me the router itself was bad and gave me a return code to take it back to OfficeMax.I returned the router, they were out of the one I purchased so I bought a different one that was the EXACT SAME Price.When I went to the register to pay for it the cashier told me the total came to $11 and some change. I asked how can that be? I bought a router, it didn't work, I returned it and got a different router that was the exact same price. They told me I used a coupon the first time and unless I had another coupon I needed to pay the difference.I asked for the manager and he said the same thing so I walked out to my truck and grabbed the ink I purchased then returned it too, got my money back and drove across the street to a different store and bought the router there.They obviously need to learn about customer service.
4	This location didn't have exactly what I was looking for, but the staff was very nice and helped me with alternatives. I ended up not getting what I was looking for, but still left with some supplies for my office.
1	Went to the OfficeMax on Stapley, asked where an item would be located in the store, clerk said they did not have what I was looking for, so I continued to shop, found the item I asked about, a little annoyed; however, went on my way, no biggie. Tonight I went into return an item.  Cashier had to wait for Manager, took 20 minutes, then I went & found the manager and asked her to help.  Manager was very rude,  just continuing to say have a nice night.  Very disrespectful!  If she would have said I am sorry, let me help you right now. Instead I left there frustrated  & disrespected.  After waiting 30 minutes for 2 copies and 20 minutes for a manager, 50 minutes of my night was given to the elite, OfficeMax that doesn't need my business.   I will never step foot in this Officemax again and would encourage others not to as well.
1	This store is not organized well. They have sales' prices listed but they don't place the correct items with it. I tried to pick up the correct items but I wasn't sure. When I started to check out, I told the lady I wanted to make sure the prices were correct so please check. She said they probably were and kept ringing me up. I had lots to check out but I knew the price seemed high. She was really concerned about me signing up for rewards. I asked again about checking prices and she said she would in a second.  Well she rung everything up and then I still had to ask about prices. She said oh yeah, what do you want me to check. Just about everything came up wrong and worse I had to dig through the bags to find the items while searched on the register. Then someone had to find the correct item. Complete waste of time. I'm so agitated I can't eve type all of what frustrated me.  I just know I'm not shopping there again. I really want to take everything back!
5	I was looking for a signage for A-frame sign. The pricing is very reasonable and affordable. All you can do is to send the file to their email, and it is ready by 45 minutes! It is amazing service. I called FedEx , they said they will call me back for pricing but never call me back and Alphagraphics turned down my business because they can not do it (it is minimum 3 day order). So I am really impressed with the printing service here !
1	This will be quick . Was there the night of May 13. Staff were less than helpful, in fact they weren't helpful at all.
4	I haven't had any bad experiences at this store.  Staff is always friendly and helpful.  I especially like the array of office chairs in the back.
1	Poor customer service was an understatement for this store.  The store was a ghost town but yet no representative even acknowledged my existence.  I will not return and will certainly alter my purchasing for my company's needs.
