1	About once a week, the husband convinces me that we need pizza.  Ideally, we would get a real one made by people and not a chain.  But, this is often motivated by laziness and downtown Phoenix is the black hole of good pizza.  We would have to drive somewhere to get a good pie, and we're just not having that.I have a confession to make.  Even though I'm from Buffalo, NY, a city with as many pizza joints as Phoenix has Circle K's, I like Pizza Hut.  It was always the excursion for us growing up.  Sure, we could get a $5 large delivered from the place down the street, but Pizza Hut was an evening out.  A restaurant for pizza, complete with the low-hung light fixtures and the red plastic glasses, it was a special occasion.  And although their pizza was nothing like normal pizza, I developed a special fondness in my tummy for the pan pizza.And, I'm about to write a review for Domino's as a comparison to this debacle.We ordered online + 1 star. The website said that it would take 90 minutes - 1 star.They have blue cheese + 1 star.  The restaurant called to say that they no longer carry blue cheese - 1 star.We ordered wings that were actually pretty spicy +1 star. They were breaded and had something sweet and sticky on it - 1 star.The marinara sauce was watered down - 1 starThe delivery guy got lost, forgot the credit card slip and forgot the soda we ordered.  Then he had the nerve to ask me if we still wanted it.  Then he said it would take him an HOUR to return with the pop. -1 stars.The order was delivered in less than the estimated 90 minutes (minus the pop), he did come back to deliver the 2 liter in less than 30 minutes, and the food was as mediocre as I expected it to be. + 2 starsI would give a zero if I had to leave the house for this kind of service, but since dinner was delivered they earn 1 star.
4	I like pizza. I don't eat it often though. I like to get away from the chain food producers in many cases and find independent local businesses for pizza generally no matter where ever I live. However no one does a Pan Pizza like Pizza Hut! So I often crave the Pan Pizza crust Supreme Pizza and when I go for one or have one delivered, I am never disappointed. The crust is always consistent as are the multiple toppings I so enjoy. And i so appreciate that about Pizza Hut, which I can't say the same of other national pizza chains.
1	will give you the shits.
1	Pizza is inconsistent. Sometimes under cooked, other times cut disturbingly wrong ( sad when half of it is for a vegetarian ). Forget ordering chicken wings! It's like pulling teeth!!!! How hard is it to get " medium bone out "? 4 out of 5 times it's anything but! Last night was the straw that broke camels back when we found out that this time they gave us honey BBQ. After calling the manager to let her know of the mistake, she replies "I guess some one else got your wings". Really!? An apology would have been more appreciated then a sarcastic comment! I don't recommend going to this Pizza Hut. The service is worse then the neighborhood it sits in. I wish there was a negative star I could rate this place.
