4	I had a great dinner at The Country Boy's Restaurant on Greenway Road in Phoenix. It was my first visit, but I went there with my parents, who had been there twice before for breakfast. They raved about the place, the food, and the prices, so we decided to give them a go for dinner.I had a classic BLT, and my parents split a meatloaf dinner. It was enough for the two of them, and my sandwich was plenty for me (along with really good french fries). We had a coupon for "2 for 1" dinner, and ended up leaving the place satisfied, and under budget (about $20 for the three of us). I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good cheap food. The only negative is their menu, which offers a lot of items, but not all sounded good to me. I think they would do better with a standard menu, less items, and more solid choices, but that is just me.Overall, with the coupon, I would definitely visit again, though probably for breakfast or lunch.
4	This was the first time here and WOW where we taken aback!!!!  The food was beyond great and over flowing on the plate and the price was better than any restaurant around, even without the 2 4 1 coupon!!!  The waitress (Tina) was awesome!!!  and they Definitely need to keep the COOK!!!  Kudo's to the restaurant to have her AND the cook!!  I ordered the corned beef hash and I like it crispy and they made it crispy....I order it that way at any other restaurant and they can not get it right, but here they do!!!!!  They do need to update the decor, stuck in the 70's era, hence the 4 stars.  We will be back again decor or not.  Have not done the dinner menu, but I'm sure we will not be disappointed!!
2	Waitress was very prompt and friendly. Service was good, food not so much. The food was was you'd expect from a chain restaurant. Probably buy white sauce in 55 gal drums. A lot of folks seemed pleased with the food, but maybe because the prices were low.
4	Stumbled upon this place when looking to turn around to go to someplace more familiar.  Decided to eat there just to shake things up.  I was not disappointed.  Country Boys on Greenway is a smallish 24-hour diner and their menu is typical diner fare.  My party experienced breakfast, so no comment, yet, on other meal offerings.  Caveat: I was looking to dine out cheap.We took some time to peruse the menu and made our decisions.  Notably, our server asked us if we had any coupons, which we did not.  We voiced our lament, me more so (remember, my goal was to eat cheap?)  She proffered to take our order and determine if there were any options that would save us money.  Cool!  I liked this place already.  Once she knew what we wanted, she had suggestions for us that saved a few bucks for my dining partner and shaved 1/2 off the cost of my meal.  The concessions from our original menu choices to gain those savings were minimal.  I hadn't taken a bite and I was already happy to be there.Our meal was served quite quickly, almost too quickly.  I had ordered pancakes as a side and I know they are typically made from premixed ingredients.  Note: I don't like restaurant pancakes.  Grandma taught me how to make them and restaurant pancakes are no substitute.  However, I occasionally try the pancakes at a new place to use my relative level of dissatisfaction as a gauge of the overall quality.  It's a tough measuring tool, but it works for me.  Overall, the meal was quite satisfactory.  I was not expecting innovation or dining nirvana from a 24-hour diner and I did not experience either.  I did receive my food promptly, hot, and in quantities sufficient to satisfy.  It met and, in the case of the pancakes, slightly exceeded my expectations.  The bacon, in particular, was perfectly cooked, thick cut, and quite tasty.  Home style potatoes were very good with none of the onions or other crap restaurants add to try to make them special.  The eggs were perfectly cooked to order - I can't tell you how many times I've differed with cooks regarding the definition of "Over-Medium".  Overall, I give Country Boys a rating of 4 stars.  Fine dining it is not.  Good quality diner fair, with friendly and knowledgeable service?  Absolutely.  Oh, they have a drive-through too.  That's just icing.
2	Meh.My husband and I were seeking a super cheap and filling breakfast when we stumbled upon a Hungry Boy's 2 for 1 coupon. How can you beat that?The layout and building is very strange. I think it used to be a tokyo express or something. Tables are cramped.Service was fast, friendly, and efficient. My coffee was always filled as soon as it was empty.Unfortunately the coffee sucked and so did the food. The coffee tasted like water and I did not get any sort of a caffeine buzz from it. The food wasn't terrible tasting but it didn't have any taste to it whatsoever. My husband had the basic egg, hash browns and bacon breakfast. He wasn't impressed. I had the veggie omelet with home fries. The veggies in the omelet consisted of bell pepper, tomato, mushrooms, and onions (which I omitted). Really I think these are the only veggies they probably have in the whole restaurant besides iceberg lettuce. It is that sort of place. Even Denny's has a better veggie selection. I like how they described the mushrooms on the menu as "tender". Haha. That is because they were canned. The omelet had waaay too much cheese in it. I had to pull some out to avoid choking. The home fries had absolutely no flavor. I did like the wide variety of sides to go with your breakfast. I chose the french toast. Again it had no flavor. And the syrup was watery! Like the coffee.I never thought I would say this sentence ever in my life but... Denny's is better. I think that (just like the Olive Garden and other mediocre chain restaurants) people who frequent places like this prefer quantity over quality. They are satisfied with overly processed and bland foods. As long as they are supersized.
5	Really Cool Place! Stumbled upon this place and am very happy that i did. I would eat here less, but they keep giving me 50% off coupons!!!! So now I'm in 3-4 times a week instead of 3-4 times a month. Great Promotional coupons! Keeps us coming back in again and again...
4	The food here is good, and the value is awesome. The $2.99 breakfast specials can only be beat by their BOGO Free coupons available on their website. The hash brown were perfect and my husband said the pancakes were good too. While we were eating the manager even came by to check on us. They are open 24 hours so stop by and pay them a visit.
2	We went here on a restaurant.com coupon. First-don't buy that coupon (another story for another day). The service is very friendly and prompt. However, the food is, well, bland is a compliment. We have gone for both breakfast and dinner. The portions are huge; but there is no flavor. It's pre-processed substance at its best. You can tell everything comes from a can or pre-made for the masses, basic salt and pepper help add flavor to this stuff. And if you don't go on a restaurant.com coupon, it is very cheap. So you want to fill up for a very cheap price, (go drunk and you will love it). [However, with that particular coupon you have to spend way more money to save a few bucks.- did I mention - don't buy restaurant.com coupons?]  If given the choice, stick to Denny's for the food. If you are ok with cheap, bland food and looking for prompt and friendly service, try this place.
2	I heard that this location was bought and they have different owners than other locations, this could be very important. Being that this was such a disappointing couple of meals...    I've had two completely different experiences here in two weeks. So I changed my first rating from a 4 to a 2. How I came up with that rating was I averaged it between my two visits of a 4 rating and a 0 rating.   About my zero rating:(1) Horrible service!  The server was in a fight with her sister and brought it to work with her in every way possible. Just the look on her face would send most patrons running for another seat or even restaurant. (2) The Kitchen must not have a screen door, it was like an outdoor picnic in there.  There were more flies inside than specks of sausage in my biscuits and gravy. (3) They use dinner rolls, not biscuits. The two specks of sausage were cut from a patty, not even ground sausage.. I'm not kidding two small pieces of sausage on my whole plate!!! (4) I HAD TO ASK FOR A REFILL OF COFFEE 3 TIMES. (5) And lastly the entire experience as a whole was extremely poor.   On my first trip to Country Boys I had such great service I probably didn't notice the food as much, maybe it's a distraction trick they've learned or a jedi mind trick,  but I couldn't complain.  The portions were a good size, the prices were great, and the service was excellent.After my last experience, I definitely wouldn't go back to this place!!! .
5	Breakfast the way it should be! Fresh, simple and priced for everyday. Crispy fresh hash-browns, they are delicious.
1	Disappointing. Food overpriced for quality and cook refused to make egg white omelette. The place appears to be converted from another run down store and the renovation did not include the booths.  As someone sat behind me, the back of my booth bent forward. Pass on this place and hit up Filiberto's right next door.  Better quality food for a better price.
5	Better than dennys by far. Flo at the helm!
3	I finally made it to the new family diner here in the north part of Paradise Valley.  Country Boys offers an array of breakfast, lunch and dinner fare at inexpensive prices.  In addition, it is open twenty four hours which is rare as chicken lips in Phoenix.  I had the traditional steak and eggs, my colleague (e.g. six year old son) had the pancakes and chicken fingers.  The food was cooked just right and was presented warm.  I felt that the seasoning left something to be desired (hence it missed a four star rating).  The coffee is diner quality which I enjoy and the waitress was friendly.One important note, the bathrooms ARE clean.  I normally would not mention it, but since it is a 24 hours restaurant, a clean bathroom says a lot about the quality and care of the management.I recommend.
4	The Belgian waffle is the best! Service is good, everything else is good but standard. Went twice in two days to enjoy it!
4	Great food for a great price! Where else can you get a good, filling breakfast for $2.99?
3	This is not the worst place that you could go. Maybe not the best for sure. But, they do have good breakfast. The staff works very hard here. You have to give them points for that.The price is low, so no complaining there. Endless coffee another plus.Not a bad place we would go back for sure. I have only had the Breakfast there and I like it. Plus, it is a chain. Besides it is 24 hours a day so that is another nice thing.
4	I love this place, the service is always fast and friendly. The portions are very generous and for the times when its late night nothing beats it. Often times they also have great 2 for 1 specials that cant be beat. Why go to fast food when you can get two meals for the same price !
1	Living in the area for years, and originally seeing this place that replaced the Kyoto Bowl that was there for years, expecting this "Open 24-Hour" to be the ultimate alternative to going to the crappy Denny's, I was honestly disappointed when my family and i went to this location.For a place that is supposed to center around "southern" coking, they completely failed in area 3 essential areas, as their Chicken fried Steak, their biscuits, and their country gravy were three oof the most either disgusting or disappointingly bland things I have ever ingested in my life. The water the biscuits and gravy were made with tasted like chlorine. There was no chance in Hell that the Chicken fried Steak was battered fresh at that location. Also, service was incredibly sub-par...took forever to get server's attention, even when walking up TO the front. NOT kid friendly...or at least they weren't the one time i went there. Easily annoyed by parties with toddlers.I don't usually recommend Denny's over ANYTHING, but when I do, it's because my dining experience is as awful as this. Go to Denny's if your drunk and that prohibits you from traveling too far out of this area at 2 in the morning. Even the crap at Denny's is worth the mile walk instead of this brutal slop.
4	I have eaten here for 3 years now.  It use to be a hit or miss on the food but now I just order 1 thing.   The breakfast special.  Its 3 bucks for eggs, bacon, and hashbrowns.  And they have good hashbrowns.  They are about 3/4 of an inch thick and crispy on the outside.  The inside if fully cooked but a little softer.  I add pancakes sometimes for like $1 or $2.  Which is a good deal.  Also, I can bring my dog out on the patio when it is nice outside.  The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the place is pretty run down.  Everything there is old.  Very very very old.  But the food is good and I usually get a friendly server.  P.S. I liked the chicken fried steak
4	My wife and I love country boys! We Yale the kids and get their great breakfast specials anytime of day or week. They are consistent in quality of home cooked food. Nothing from a bag in that kitchen. Simple, good eats for a very reasonable price.
1	I can't even give them a star. But because i have to I'll go with one. I was blown away by how rude Vicci and Sabrina were. Service- I went in with my little sister (17 yrs old) and her 2 friends and upon seating Vicci already seemed annoyed. I felt like maybe she was thinking "oh boy a bunch of young people." We had two coupons to get a breakfast and get a meal free, so we were just curious (two of us never have been here before) if we could do a breakfast meal and a dinner meal if we wanted to. The way she looked at me was ridiculous for a lady of her age. She made me feel like I was stupid. Then a little bit later she came back to take our order and I just asked if I wanted dinner could I get a breakfast side instead of a dinner side. And she responded by yelling at me "WHAT KIND OF SIDE?!" When I simply asked for biscuits and gravy, she said no. Which I don't understand because my friend got biscuits and gravy, and they serve breakfast all day so why wouldn't I be able to just switch my side? Idk. Then, the whole time we were there they (Sabrina and Vicci) stared at us. We weren't being loud. We weren't being disrespectful. It was rude. When we checked out Sabrina was the one who helped us. My friend was asking if she could pay some with cash and the rest on her card and Sabrina answered "umm...yes?!" Giving her a look like she couldn't possibly fathom the idea of someone asking that. Food- When my sisters friend ordered she asked for a side of ranch. Which she got. When I asked for a side of ranch I was told it was going to be a dollar extra. And was told to share her ranch. What?! Uh ok.. I ordered the French dip. Which was phenomenal. The fries were good too. My friend let me have a bite of her biscuits and gravy, because god forbid I get my own, and it was so cold. I'm glad I didn't get any after all. Overall, the food was good. They give you a lot of food for what you pay for. But the service? Shit. I just couldn't believe it. I don't expect to go to a restaurant like this and get 5 star service but if you're in the customer service industry you better work the shit out of your customer service and exceed because that was ridiculous.
5	I absolutely love this place! 2.99 breakfast (pssst-not small portions! Owner is usually there. The cooks are great especially the overnight cook-Kim. ALL the staff is very friendly. It's a small town feel and they remember you when you come back. I'm a regular there at least 4 days a week
4	NO frills. That's what you will find here.This isn't exactly a pretty neighborhood, so when my sister mentioned trying them for breakfast with the kids I didn't exactly jump for joy.We gave it a shot anyway...very pleasantly surprised.Really great service..we had 2 little ones, and our waitress was so kind and patient.The interior of the restaurant is plain; whatever was here before, was left exactly that way.Some 80's seating...benches and plain table tops, plain walls. Our food was pretty fantastic. I had a bacon and cheese omlette with country potatoes that was just perfect.My coffee cup was never empty. Coffee is poured throughout breakfast. I don't know about you all, but there is nothing more annoying than going to breakfast, and getting to the bottom of your mug, and no one ever refills. This was great (and a reminder of diner service in NJ)  Big fluffy biscuits and the kids menu is fantastic and reasonable..and they gave us coupons to come back.We went on a Saturday morning and we had about a 5 minute wait..the place was filled with seniors and families. Perfect!!!
4	I often stop by Country Boys pretty late, usually after a long day when I want something to lift my spirits and fill my belly. Sabrina's friendly smile and Kimmie's tasty breakfast always does the trick.  The $2.99 breakfast special is easy on the wallet and satisfying.The hashbrowns are some of the best around (especially with a slice of cheese melted on top) and a nice compliment to the bacon and eggs.It's not the Ritz Carlton but that's not what I'm looking for. Comfortable, friendly and tasty hits the spot.
5	My husband, mother and friends all adore this place. We love breakfast on the weekends or late night bacon fests any night of the week.  The food is a great deal and we love that we can get the $2.99 breakfast late in the evening when my friends are drunk and demanding bacon, LOL.  Waitresses Sabrina, Pam, Candy & Vicci are just phenomenal.  Really, all of the waitresses are great.  Even on a crowded weekend morning they handle things fast and efficiently.  I am especially thankful to Sabrina, the night waitress, who puts up with my drunk friends like a champ.  She is always so nice and on top of things.  All waitresses should be like this woman!They give you a coupon for a two-for-one meal practically every time you come in.  It doesn't apply to the $2.99 breakfast special but is a great deal for any regular item on the menu.  Country Boys is the best diner around hands down for quick and easy grub.
5	We go for breakfast at dinner time. Never tried anything but their breakfasts. They are friendly- helpful. I go with 3 friends in wheelchairs and they handle us, no problem.  The breakfast that we order- are huge and delish. We go once a month and will always. Thanks :)
2	Going to be real simple. .i have lived in the area 4years..and one night i went on a walk and wandered in here.. and yeah..wasn't expecting much..but the food was bland..and ehBut hey for a cheap breakfast why not huh? Comparable to an independent dennys
3	I had only been to this establishment with friends late at night and under the influence. I decided to come during normal hours and at dinner time with sobriety. The service is slow but when there are only 2 people to serve the whole restaurant, both of which are probably well within retirement age, speed isn't a request that is easily accommodated. The food was average at best. Normal unseasoned American fare with a small twist: diner style food with restaurant atmosphere. Vicci was pleasant, much like visiting your friends grandma. I food appreciate the prices which match the food and service. It's true you get what you pay for. I'll stick to coming after hours with friends and intoxication.
5	I don't get it.   The food is excellent and the prices are unbelievably low. The servers are very friendly.   The restaurant is light and airy - and spotless.   Don't miss this place!
4	The place was packed today (Saturday). We still got seated quickly; food came out fast, not to mention cheap!
1	This place seemed like a typical diner but beware, it was not.The cups were dirty (old lipstick) and my side of peaches came with a moldy piece the waitress, Pam, tried to convince me was a 'mushroom'.After a disgusting experience, at no point did the manager come over or the waitress apologize.I would not recommend this place to anyone and if I could rate below one star, I would.
4	A great neighborhood cafe. Late nights or early mornings, using the 2 for 1 coupons make this place a great deal. The waitresses are friendly and can recommend anything off their menu. Try the Sweet Tea. Makes you think your down South.
4	Great home style cooking with a ton of options. Coupons always available so you may get BOGO any time you come in. Fish is the only meat I eat and there are a few options. Strict vegetarians may have a hard time but plenty of sides? Friendly staff.
3	Coming here was definitely a last resort. We ended up getting two orders of the "Super Deals" that you can find on each table. I ordered "C" which included a create your own breakfast combo- two eggs any style, and I chose to get bacon, rather than sausage and ham. The coffee came out first, and from having a first sip, with both creamer and two sugars, it was completely tasteless, and was pretty watered down. I ended up having to add two more sugars, which I typically would never do, just to get some flavor. The scrambled eggs were more like a blob of yellow stuff that hardly had any flavor, and looked a lot like the stuff you get premixed in a carton- but the over medium eggs turned out pretty good. The bacon that we ordered, extra crispy, came out super salty, much more than typical bacon, and seemed to be the kind of bacon you get at the store, that is super cheap and contains nearly all fat. As for the pancakes we ordered, both buttermilk and chocolate chip, they were the only part of the meal that I really enjoyed. I would definitely recommend them over the bacon & eggs or home fries. The service was prompt, and she seemed to be very conscience of all the tables she was taking care of. Overall, due to the bland food, but good service, I'm giving this place three stars. The food alone is closer to two stars, but I think the service made for one more.
