4	I am REALLY impressed with this McD's!  New (not sure when built though), clean, nice, fantastic food quality and surprisingly good service.  It's kinda inconspicuously tucked away in the Plz/Midwood area.  I'm glad I found it because it means I don't have to go to the crappy one down South Blvd.I personally do not like McDs at all (hubs does), but if I have to go to one, this will be the one for me. :)
2	Since this location is closest to my house it is convenient to drop by.  And because I am vegetarian (allergies), I go mainly to get little items (salads, hashbrowns, occasional oatmeal).   I dropped by today and ordered their special bacon, egg and cheese biscuit and explicitly told them NO MEAT  - I asked them twice.  The reason why I asked them twice is because they got the order wrong before and i had to go back.  What these people do is NOT rocket science; they read off a screen and assemble precooked food - idiot proof or it should be.  My guess is they just don't give a damn and they robotically do their jobs.  Too bad for me if I get sick cause some stupid kid couldn't bother to remove the bacon - you know they wouldn't make it fresh!  But I probably shouldn't be eating that crap anyway since it is high in fat!Not typically a fast food person anyway, but I will not go there again, if I have to follow-up with these people several times, it is not worth it. I will say that the greeters are very friendly and smile at you.
4	It's McDonalds. You know what to expect and are disappointed when you don't. I as in a hurry and stopped here for breakfast one morning. It was fairly busy and I considered going in instead of the drive through because the line was so long.  I didn't and it actually moved far more quickly than I expected. I got a gravy biscuit which came out hot and fresh. I hate when you can tell its been under a heat lamp too long, this did not.  Hot fresh food. What more can you really hope for at McDonalds.
1	This is the WORST MCDONALDS I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!!! The staff is rude and the order is never right. How hard is it to make a mcdouble without onions and mustard. Every time I come here my order is never right and I have to go back...
