5	Dr. Sean is a very caring person and really take time to explain about the procedure and what needs to be done for perfect results, the office is great and they have a unique and state of the art equipment, staff are very nice and flexible, highly recommended.
5	I have been so happy to have finally found a dentist I can trust with all I need done for my teeth. Even though I had to move away I am still in touch and will only go to have my dental work done by Dr. M. He has been very caring and along with his professional team have made me feel very comfortable in getting my teeth fixed. I would highly recommend this office to everyone especially those who are anxious about getting dental treatment done. My family and my friends who are now patients of Dr. M., also agree with his amazing skills and the comforting atmosphere this office and staff provides for their patients.
5	I was one of those people who would put off going to dentist as much as possible. One of my dear friends referred me to go see Dr. Mohtashami at All Bright Dental. I was at first very anxious, but once I got there and meet with staff and doctor I got a very warm and comforting feeling...I have finally had all my dental work completed and I am extremely happy with choosing Dr. Mohtashami as my dentist. He is not only extremely skillful as a dentist, he also spent the time to make sure I was very comfortable during each appointment. He also did most of my major detal treatment by offering sedation which helped me relax and decreased my anxiety greatly. I would highly recommend Dr. Mohtashami to all my friends & family. Thank you for brightening my smile:)
5	I have had some extensive dental work done and paid craploads of money at supposedly "best of the best" places, and been disappointed, paid a lot of money, but this place really gives you your moneys worth. They can do everything right there in the office, and the customer service is outstanding. Allan, is the main person I see when I go there and he is very friendly and knowledge and doesn't make me feel like I have a bunch of issues. I would highly recommend this place.
5	I always like to shop around for everything, that includes my dental work. I don't want to sound like a cheapo but I was looking for price AND of course, quality. After researching on-line, I visited a few different dentists. What I learned is that all of them asked me to do an X-Ray or a CT Scan between the prices of $40-$200, this was just for an initial quote for my dental work. Dr. Saeid Mohtashami at All Bright Dental was the only dentist that did not charge for an X-Ray & exam. I was very grateful for the time that he spent explaining my dental procedures, a couple dental implants. I also liked that Dr. Saeid does everything in-house so I can save time. The pricing is much better than many dentists that I found & the quality is awesome.
