4	Great, unpretentious cafe in the heart of the Portuguese neighborhood of the Plateau.Great breakfast options, yummy baked goods, tasty sandwiches, free wi-fi, and in all likelihood the best, most lovingly made coffee in Montreal (and I'm not even a coffee person!).Great place to come on a rainy Sunday morning to either chat with a friend or by yourself with your laptop while you're busy scribbling way on your literary masterpiece.
3	I had heard rave reviews about Neve, so I decided to check it out. I'm a bit of a chai latte fiend, so I was super happy to see that the barista used the actual spice mix for my latte. Yum.The place itself is not pretentious, but I feel that the crowd can be. I overheard an obnoxiously loud conversation about what the word "artist" embodies and how the person didn't like what the word stood for. Pretty heavy conversation. Would I come again? maaaaaybe
1	The best place on the Plateau...to get robbed and to be badly served! 3 bucks for one sip of coffee latte and the service to match! Too bad, the decor is attractive!
5	As my partner Lisa says about Neve, this place is "the most Brooklyn" of all the cafes in Montreal - casual, comfortable, eclectic decor, funky design, stand-out espresso drinks, very solid food and good music. That, and the proliferation of hipsters sitting there. All the time. This is a good thing though since some Montreal cafes can be kind of dead in the middle of the day - and hanging in those kind of places makes me feel a bit guilty for being a perpetual student and enjoying a summer in Montreal with no real work to speak of. They just need a few outdoor tables and at least a token french pastry or two to complete the scene...then I could comfortably rate this as the top Montreal coffeehouse.
4	Warm, homey, bustling.   Superb espresso, homemade chocolate chunk cookies, free WiFi.
4	Neve is awesome, Coeur de Pirate is awesome. Maybe that's why I see her there, try the London Fog.
5	Really delicious cuppa joe here, so much so that grabbing it to go (in environmentally friendly paper cups) is fine but I go back on my own with new music in my headphones and a quiet hour ahead of me just to drink the coffee properly, sitting quietly, with a little cream and fresh chocolate chunk cookies as big as your face. I had a delicious vegetable Thai soup here today. I tried to order the French Onion but was told honestly that the soup on special was made fresh in house and the onion was bought in and... "a good source of cheese." While I am always glad to know a cheese source, I will choose fresh homemade every time. I was not disappointed, the soup was amazeballs, and the service was 5 gold stars for honesty and accuracy in reporting.
5	Neve, you little snowflake in the heart of the plateau. You make a sweet a** americano, and freekin awesomely fresh baked scones and yogurt granola cups. Unfortunately I've never had a chance to chill in your log cabin/ hipster den, because you're always jammed with students.  Has anyone else noticed the decor matches their amazing blends of Metropolis coffee?those be some good beans!
5	Great, great coffee. Has a nice, warn rustic vibe to the place - authentic and comfy. Has decent sized sofas to lounge, also has a large common table. I've been meaning to check out the other coffee spots in the hood but I keep heading back here. I would skip the breakfast, as it was a just a wee bit pricey for the fare. It'd been fine if all you're looking for is a MTL hangover breakfast that comes with a great, great coffee!It does offer free WiFi.
4	Great strong iced lattes made with love by talented local musicians.  the first time I went, I got a bit buzzed from the latte. I had not realized its strength.  I could understand why someone might choose decaf.  great flavour,  but not a fan of the coffee jitters.  Went again yesterday and ordered the smoked salmon on a bagel with cream cheese, capers, red onion and spinach and though it didn't look very fresh, it was. It tasted incredible.  Had another iced latte, but didn't get buzzed this time.  the food / coffee combo was a win!  I also can't help but get the chocolate chunk cookie everytime i go.  very sweet.
4	A regular spot for me when I am in Montreal, have had awesome mocha there. It does get crowded though
4	I felt like I was in a cafe in Brooklyn, and yes, that IS a good thing.  Great coffee, wonderful baked good (croissant, pain au chocolat, scone were all wonderful), excellent service, ample seating, lots of laptops, beards and big frame eyeglasses.  It's a bit off the beaten path but definitely worth the deviation.
5	This is one of my favourite cafes in Montreal. Owned by the same guy(s) who do Cafe Flocon, it has great coffe, snacks, and cafe food.The coffee comes from Vancouver, and almost has a ginger-bread taste to it (it's a good thing, trust me). I haven't had their coffee straight-up (black), but I'm pretty sure it would be worthwhile.By far my favourite thing on the menu is their big chocolate chip cookies - I rate them the best in Montreal.The vibe is always chill, but it can get noisy when there's a lot of people coming/going for takeaways. In the quite times, it's a great place to sit with your laptop and get some work done (the wireless is always good for me).
5	Delicious house made peanut butter chip cookies, especially fresh out of the oven.  Super friendly staff.  Busy on a late Friday afternoon, but not overflowing.Tea is good, mostly $3, a few at 4. Served on a platter with cup, small teabag dish, and a heavy, black metal tea-pot.Coffees range from 2 (filtered) to 3-4 (espresso-based) with artfully made designs.Two comfy couches near the entrance, single washroom near the back, bench/picnic table seating in back, two/four tables everywhere else.  Max capacity around 30.
5	**** wow wow wow ****Cafe Neve completely lives upto all those great yelp reviews.Visited several times during a recent visit to Montreal .... Mostly due to being stranded in a fab city thanks to hurricane sandy. Tried Americano, espresso, cappuccino and moccachino. Can I mention the peanut butter and chocolate cookies. OMG to die for. Kept thinking a moment on the lips a lifetime on the hips but hey no way was I not enjoying every delicious bite. Very busy even late at night but you'll always snag a seat when the hipster crowd tighten up a little in the seating area. Very pleasant staff.Highly recommend you put on your places to visit when in Montreal.
4	2 thumbs way up for the latte and the cinnamon scones. The chewy chocolate chip cookie that I took to go, really hit the spot later that night.
1	Ok I realise I'm not a "regular" nor am I a student packing a laptop to tweet and FB all day; but for the staff to pretend I'm just not there ain't cool! Serving stale crappy coffee with plenty of bad attitude ain't cool either! Will avoid this place at all costs in future, will not recommend it to anyone either.
5	Yes, I can confirm everything the previous authors have written. I came here on a te basis of previous Yelp reviews and I can say I LOVE IT! Great coffee, insanely good cookies and super cool atmos. It's true, at the moment it's full of hipsters on their macs but I got a seat very quickly. Will be back for sure.
4	Cookies. How can you resist? It is sitting on the counter ever so innocently - but calling your name. It's huge. It's great. Sandwiches - more or less your average sandwich. :)
4	Cafe Neve is another one of those fantastic hipster coffee shops in Montreal. Along with the usual espresso delights are their fantastic selection of baked goods, both of which are more than worthy of trying.It can get a bit crowded sometimes, so be prepared to squeeze a little for a seat. On a typical day, you'll find a bunch of students and young people either studying, hanging out, reading, and the like.The baristas are friendly, and, of course, relatively superbly gorgeous.
1	I went here because Yelp reviews said it was one of the top places for Chai and Patisserie in the Plateau neighborhood. If you're coming here for the same hope of getting a good baked treat and a delicious chai you will be SORELY DISAPPOINTED. Their Chai latte was a hot mason jar of milk with a bland bag of chai tea in it. Maybe the people who suggested this place for chai are missing taste buds or had never ordered chai before. I'm a huge chai fan and so this place annoyed me to no end. Don't stick a bag of chai in a glass of nothing but hot milk and call it a chai latte. Take it off the menu. Also patisserie is not the right word for this place. The only thing they had to offer were giant chocolate chip cookies. Thanks for nothing Yelp. Hope my review saves others from walking to Cafe Neve for nothing.
4	My fellow yelpers weren't kidding about the cookies. Yowza. Very good, but very rich. I took me two days to work my way through mine. Definitely a lot of people camped out with laptops here, but it's a great spot, so I can't blame them. I came by a few times during my time in Montreal, and enjoyed my coffee in a sunny spot by the window. I like that their coffee is locally roasted, but it didn't blow my mind or anything. Very solid choice, and I would return, but it just missed the 5 star bar.
3	Terrible coffee and latte. Cold service. Bad decor and terrible seating. Over priced. I let a fly have the rest of my latte. Strangely enough, it didn't keel over.If you are not a hipster and you  like great and expert made milk based drinks that are cheap and served by a friendly staff, then go to cafe olympico.It makes me sad knowing that some people live their lives never tasting a great latte.If you are a hipster, this place is perfect for you..
4	Apparently good java is hard to get in Montreal so a search led to this spot. The setup is unassuming and seems like a hideout for students and people who can somehow work in a noisy environment. WiFi seems to be a min draw here as saw a lot of people just sitting there and browsing the internet. I ordered a cappuccino and got a scone to boot as well. Scone was decent.Here is the verdict for the cappuccinoEspresso: StrongCrema': goodMilk frothing: goodLatte Art: decentThe drink is a traditional size but is quite good. 3.5 stars.
4	Cool little place. Tasty espresso. If it's on a Saturday or Sunday and you're working they will ask you to work at the large table. Cool set up none the less.
5	Try a chocolate chip cookie, seriously amazing-chewy and sweet! I got some oolong tea and I was so excited to have it served to me in a cast iron pot. This place can be super crowded, full of hipsters... So expect to share a table or to wait a while for a spot to open up.
5	Love this whole place. The ambiance is lovely. There is plenty of cozy seating and a good place for people watching.  The latte I had was great and the cookie was amazing.
4	Oh man I feel like such a sucker. I really didn't want to like this place and it has sucked me in.I walked past this place one day late at night when it was closed and looking sad and dark with all the lights off except the one from the fridge display. And the sandwiches were still in the cabinet. At this moment I promised myself I was never getting a sandwich from this place. ever.Fast forward one month to this monday, I decided to find a cafe where I could take my laptop and do some study in peace. The overwhelming opinion on Yelp was that Neve was the place for this so next thing I find myself in Neve, on my laptop eating one of their sandwiches...This place has a cool vibe and the sandwiches are O-K and the coffee and cookies are a cut above. But if you want to come to Neve be willing to work for it. Be willing to turn up at 1 o'clock as I did and have all the tables taken, and be willing to share couches and bench space with strangers just to get a place. Because if you're not willing, there will be others who are. The people who work here are really cool too, enough so that I hesitated in writing this review as I don't want them to be angry at me that I outed them about the sandwiches.
3	Coffee: 5 starsAmbiance: 3 starsService: 3 startsFood: don't knowThere are few spots on the Plateau that have coffee this good. In fact, I usually have to trek up to Mile-End to find something comparable.The beans/grinds they're using are really something else: bold, full bodied, and very well-suited for holding their own in lattes, cappuccinos, and mochas. In fact, I usually drink black coffee or straight espressos, but I make an exception here. I'd recommend trying the mocha; it's particularly exquisite.The service, however, tends to be kind of aloof and slow. For what it's worth, though, these baristas seem to *really* know what they're doing.As for ambiance, it tends to be loud, brightly lit, with awkward seating. In fact, it's very difficult to get a table, and in more than a year of living around the corner, I've never been able to nab one.I will admit, though, that I rarely walk by without popping in to get a coffee.
5	Based on some other Yelp reviews my wife and I decided to visit this place to get some work done. We were on our honeymoon, but a job opportunity had opened up at work, and I need to get a resume and writing sample submitted.My wife is really sensitive to caffeine, so we ordered her a decaf Americano, and I drink coffee like a maniac, so I ordered a Cappuccino. I used to live in Seattle, where I was introduced to delicious coffee, and since then I've been an absolute pretentious snob.My wife loved her Americano. She said it was rich and hardly had that stale decaf taste. My Cappuccino was amazing! It was rich, sweet, perfectly balanced between wet and dry, and the heart-shaped latte art was really impressive. You could tell that time and focus was put into making the coffee, and it made it all the more enjoyable.The one issue we had was that there were no available outlets, because the place was packed, so we couldn't charge my computer. This meant we had to leave earlier then we would have liked. I think, had we come during winter break from the local colleges, we would have had an easier time, but c'est la vie.
4	This place is way too crowded, which is not their fault, but it is cramped due to the arrangement of furniture, which is something they could do better. So, it's not very cozy, but is is still worth coming here to stay for a while.The tea is much better than I expected and reasonably priced. The fresh trays of cookies are expensive, but it's nice they have something tasty to eat.
3	The coffee is good. The food is good. The service sucks. Their employees are always talking between themselves and don't seem able to smile at their customers. I still go from time to time because I like their lattes, and every time I wish there was a smiley, friendly person behind the counter, which is never the case.
1	Barista asked me if I was only having a cookie as if that was below par to warrant a seat.  Later,  I casually asked to have salad from a seated position and was refused.  "Go to the counter and order". No please no niceties.   And not progressive by any stretch.
4	My wife and two friends took a 3 day trip to Montreal and stayed in the Mount Royal area. Every place we visit, we search for the best coffee rated on Yelp and this place won the cake. We stopped in for a great cup of iced coffee and a latte. My only regret is not trying their famous chocolate chip cookies. They looked amazing!Also, the baristas speak English at this coffee shop (a plus for us American tourists).
2	I wish I could give a better rating. It really isn't a bad place. It's chill and hipster. But what I had there tasted awful.I ordered iced tea but what they gave me was not lemony nor did it have any citrus flavour typical for iced tea. It wasn't even sweetened!! Furthermore the color was blood red! What are they playing at? Sorry, this iced tea detered me from wanting to go back. Maybe the coffee drinks are good, but definitely not this damned "iced tea".
4	Good espresso - the barista knows what he is doing but the beans aren't amazing. Casual atmosphere with plenty of power outlets and free wifi.Coffee:7/10Work venue: 8/10
2	Ordered the machiatto today. Shot was extremely sour and under extracted. Cafe ambience was nice and hip. By the way, the fruit juices are not fresh squeezed. Instead, it comes in a plastic Oasis branded bottle.
4	Best hot chocolate and expresso drinks ever!!
4	My husband and I just moved  from NYC to Montreal. We love coffee and this was one of the first places we came for coffee in Montreal. I am very happy to say Cafe Neve is  a cool spot, with friendly service and good coffee!  :)
4	Best latte in town, but that is my personal opinion. It's complex and just rocks my taste buds!They have good beans including some from Iron Pig in Toronto.Brewed coffee leaves to be desired, that's where they lose a star.Food is ok cookies are great!
