4	While waiting for our flight to Houston this morning, we stopped at Phipps Bistro for something to eat.  One of the airport's employees recommended their establishment, said that ate there about 3 times a week.  My wife had the cheese and egg sandwich and I had the ham, cheese and egg sandwich.  Both sandwiches were very good, with ample eggs, meat, and cheese.  The rolls were very fresh and tasty.  Very quick service.
4	Nice sandwich selection with fresh ingredients. Side salad has lots of tomatoes, carrots onions...very nice, not your standard skimpy side salad. Staff was very friendly and patient. Great little airport sandwich shop.
4	First off I respect this place for serving Bloody Marys' and mimosas so early in the morning everyday. I think they have an understanding that brunch isn't only reserved for Sundays. They serve breakfast here until 10 am. So don't be fooled by the exterior signage. I had to actually glance at someone plate as I walked by and noticed eggs! I was delighted to see that they had breakfast!!For my fellow vegetarians: there is a veggie omelet option comes with broccoli, peppers and I believe cheese. If you order coffee... You can get refills! You know you need it if you got up at 4:30 a.m. To get in a flight at 5:45 a.m. Get your caffeine up ladies and gents! The service here is friendly and the pricing is decent and by that I mean it's about $10 a plate.
5	Great food and the crab cakes hit the mark.  Service was fast and so was the food delivery.  I ordered the signature dish and was surprised with the quality of the food and portion size.  This is right by C13 and you need to make it a goto place when you have the layover time.  It's seat yourself style but see if you can seat in Teresa's section.
4	Very impressive for airport food. I am based in Charlotte but travel a lot. This is definately a go to place. Their breakfast sandwiches are reasonably priced,  large, and good.
5	They say you can truly judge a city by its airport and in that case Charlotte is truly the Quern City!I had a ton of airline miles burning a hole in my Expedia account and vicious thirst for out of town tang I read about in dirtyR4R so I scrappled some funds from the pile I've been saving to record my next EP "eyes without a phase" (it's a fully formed concept album inspired by moon and it's many shapes and how they correlate to the shapes of the heart and moods. It's really deep and will be up on cdbaby once I get back to singing weight.) anyway I used some money to pay the 9/11 fees (proud to) and taxes (middle finger emoji) and Charlotte was the cheapeast destination so I doubled down on it. I don't know crap about the south other than the fact it's cool to make dogs fight each other to the death here and they say Hardee's instead of whataburger. I also knew from reading dirtyR4R that girls in the south like to go "jowling" and I liked the idea of that because I assume it involves a pigs mouth. So I got here and I was blown way by how futuristc the airport was: one side of as all planes with propellers and you can walk on the concrete to them and there's just a little paper sign with your airport code on it so you can literally jump on any place you feel like if you like going to places like mobile or destin; the other side about a half a mile away is full of starbuckses and bojangles and Wolfgang puck salad carts that you ride a moving sidewalk to. People are just lounging around in rocking chairs all over the place grooving to the sweet Carolina sounds of fat and old people not paying attention to one another while handling rolling luggage. After my twenty minute journey inside I'd worked up a hunger and found this place. I went straight to the D. chickenDinner. Which is what you want to order to truly appreciate a place with the word "Crab" in its name. I ordered a batch of Rosemary chicken tenders and said "take your time honeypies, I'm a man who writes reviews on the Internet for free so a website can exploit that for brand presence and monetary gain." Away they went charging me a totally acceptable $11 for three pieces of chicken. In roughly 8 minutes I'd received my meal. Lightning fast. In fact, I think it's the quickest I've ever received a meal at a fancy sitdown place. Romano's you're on notice. It was boxed up to go even though I hadn't requested it that way and they started closing door around me so I sat on the floor outside, a man of the people, ready to take in my feast. I opened the container to reveal my fried tenders. They were shiny and covered in shavings of some sort of cheese that either couldn't, didn't, or had lost the will to melt. BONUS. I tore one scalding hot tender open to reveal the white meaty flesh and dipped it into the ranch cup...Bliss. It was like eating a spoonful of old olive oil that had grown a texture. It smelled like old olive oil that was left in a pan and used by your roommate Quinez to reheat eggs. The oils soaked deep into the styrofoam and began to pool on the carpet that I was also using as a napkin. Fearful I may lose the true TASTE OF THE CAROLINAS I hoovered those strips, enjoying each bite. People forget that the most important thing about fried chicken is getting that oil taste to totally cover the boring flavors of chicken, batter, seasonings, and even the dipper sauce. When I awoke it was Sunday the 7th. I had been asleep in front of the crab sign for four and a half days. My shoes were missing but there was $18 in the top half of my styrofoam container and a bowl of ants and millipedes where my chicken platter once girthed. I scooped out the money for fees on my return Expedia flight to the city. I was sad I didn't get any while in Charlotte but I don't think the ladies here would appreciate a delicate sensitive lover like myself who's hands and tongue are still just a little bit slicker than the average joe with shoes on.
