4	If you put up with their small previous location you will like the larger restaurant and especially the parking. Food is still the same which means it is a James Beard Award Restaurant. Don't come here for the ambiance or the interior designs, come for any I the Frybread combos or just plain.I prefer the green chili Frybread Taco and the simple Frybread with honey and white sugar.They need to add a Navajo Burger (two burger patties in a Frybread with tomatoes and lettuce to their menu, would be a big seller.Would recommend eating and being done before dark, not the best place at night.Will come back very soon and would recommend others here.
3	In my first visit to the new location, the food was as good as I remembered from a too-long ago visit to the tiny and now closed 7th Ave location.  I was hungry and pleasantly surprised at how both tasty and filling was but a single bowl of the hearty beef stew and a plain fry bread ($8). The fry bread was fresh and warm, lightly oily, easy to tear into strips, and delicious, with a light, tender texture.  It's walk-up counter order & pay.  Staff then delivers your food on plastic tray, and clears your table after.  The hodge-podge of different style tables, chairs, and booths left over from the location's former occupant, "Pancho's", fills the dining room.  Nothing fancy but it works okay.   Off the main dining room a sign designates the attached room "Indian Market" and invites the guest to purchase direct from Native American artists. Inside, two Native American women and the daughter of one displayed their jewelry of turquoise, silver, and more on a couple folding tables under too-dim lighting in this, the old Pancho's Mexican Buffet on the south side of Indian School across from Panda Express - and just diagonally across and down the street from "the other" well-known fry bread place in town.  I hope the proximity of the two locations is not too damaging to eitherIt occurred to me that given the size of this place, that with time this could become a happening restaurant and Native American gallery/cultural center. Before that could happen however, there's some  sprucing up to do.  It's an old building that shows considerable wear, and the restaurant was not as clean as it should have been on this occasion: my arm stuck to the first table I sat at, one men's room stall was without TP, and the other had mounds of it on the floor (though was otherwise reasonably neat and clean). To their credit,  the sticky table was cleaned immediately on bringing it the attention of the young woman at the counter.  She also said she would alert someone to the mess of paper on the floor of the larger stall and explained they were having trouble with the ancient toilet paper dispensers unraveling paper to the floor.  Four stars for the food and the pleasant and competent woman at the counter. She was also both friendly and competent in taking orders, answering questions about the food, and running the register.  Minus one star for what I hope are temporary less-than optimal conditions, but the food was very good and I'll be back.
4	Why not 5 stars? The location. I was a little creeped out by the location and the strange building next to it. There were some real sketchy lookin' dudes hanging out over there. Parking lot was kiiiinda small, but we found a spot.Other than location, it's great! I was craving Indian Fry Bread and Googled restaurants...this seemed like our best bet. I'm so glad we chose it. The fry bread taco was faaaaaantastic (exactly what I was craving), and the posole was AMAZING! I didn't really like the chocolate butter dessert frybread; I'd probably go with honey & powdered sugar next time. The decorations were very nice. The customer service was...decent. There was a nice Indian lady outside (despite the sweltering heat) making and selling jewelry. It was nice to look at & if that's your style she had some good prices.I would definitely go back. However, I might bring a gun or pepper spray next time. Lol.
2	This was my first visit to The Fry Bread House since they moved from 7th Ave. and Indian School to 10th St. and Indian School. I used to LOVE, I mean absolutely LOVE it. Today's experience was awful, though. They must have left the recipe back at the old joint (lol). Today I got the hominy stew with a plain fry bread on the side. Usually this stew is absolutely delicious. The meat has always been very tender and flavorful. Today, the meat was very tough and hard.  The stew had no flavor, whatsoever. It was very bland. Just nasty.The fry bread didn't even taste good. It was VERY greasy. I was not impressed at all with my visit. My husband also said that he visited a couple of weeks ago as well and also noticed that the food wasn't as good as it usally is. I don't know, maybe they need some time to get back into the groove of things but I definitely won't be going back for a while.
5	Looove fry bread! Om nom nom....Normally I look forward to state fairs or festival type gatherings to get fry bread, but ever since I had this fry bread there is no need to wait! In fact, the Fry Bread House is much better than any other I have tried, so I skip it unless I am here. I usually get the Indian Taco, which is fry bread with beans, cheese, and lettuce. Big serving..  you will be more than satisfied. Do not forget to try the honey and powder sugar! Amazing and worth the extra calories.
3	Ideal for the taste of home for fellow Natives in the area. Downside there is no ventilation inside in the restaurant; hot and a little humid. Customer service could be improved.  Overall if you need your frybread fix in the city this is the place to get it.
4	When I think of Arizona and food I think of Indian Fry Bread. I'm so happy that this full service restaurant exists and that I don't have to go to a stand on a dirt road alongside an Indian tourist attraction to indulge in my fry bread cravings. This is a big open restaurant. Service is a bit slow but very kind and friendly. It's definitely a family run operation. Alongside their fry bead they also have an American Indian style flour tortilla type bread that they had as a special wrapped around hot dogs. Very unique. Green chile. Red chile stews with hominy. Delicious tacos made with the fry bread as a shell. One taco is a pretty substantial order. Dessert also features the frybread. You can have it simply dusted with powdered sugar or drizzles with honey and melted butter among many other creative combinations. Ahh the versatile and delicious Indian fry bread.
2	Giving two stars for the benefit of the doubt. Stopped by to try the fry bread which I had heard was a must try. We went in, looked at the menu and decided we were going to get takeout. Stood at the counter, a woman was cleaning some equipment, she saw us, never said a thing. Not a 'someone will be with you', 'hold on let me get someone', nothing Just kept cleaning, gave it a few more minutes and then we left, figured they didn't need our business.
5	The fry bread was flat out amazing! I wasn't sure what to expect the first I ate here and I was pleasantly surprised with my choice. I got the beef taco with red sauce.. literally to die for. Unfortunately it's more unhealthy than I would like but sometimes the best tasting food is bad for you.
2	Definitely needs improvements on customer services. Stews were not properly warmed up & served cold. Which was probably made the the day before or two & got refrigerated. To salty & soggy on the stews as well. Fry bread is good but it could be better.
3	I would rate this place a two and a half at most. Lots of dirty tables that need to be cleaned.  Very slow service.  No one greeted us when we came in.  My order was wrong, and so over stuffed that I had a hard time eating it.  The red chilie was very good.  My wife and son liked thiers.  Prolly won't return.
3	My friend hyped this place up so I finally came. I ordered the pasole and it came out cold. I'm not sure if that is how they sell it or maybe they just didn't warm it up. Obviously it's not fresh! I will probably try it one more time to see if they have a better option on their menu. I really want to like it because I loved them at their previous location
4	Here is the paradox of the Fry Bread House. You want to eat your fry bread while it's sizzling hot and freshly puffed, at which point it is light, airy, and gently crisp -- a superlative fry bread that leaves many other fry breads deflated with shame at not measuring up to its texture. At the same time, eating in is likely to harsh your buzz, as the restaurant has the eerie dive-iness of a place that's kept scrupulously clean but that's too big to be properly lit and decorated on the available budget.My suggestion would be to stop by before a show at the nearby Rhythm Room, get your fry bread "to go," hustle back to the venue at top speed, and eat your piping hot fry bread on the picnic tables before the doors open. I ordered mine with beans and cheese, and these are fine beans. Now I'm torn between wanting another savory round with many things heaped on it (bring on the chorizo!) and wanting to try 'em with sweet toppings.
4	Most large cities have their unique cuisine:Go to New York - get the pizza or a Coney Island Dog.Go to Chicago - get the deep dish pizza.Go to New Orleans - get the jambalaya and the gumbo.Go to Boston - get the lobster.Go to Philadelphia - get a cheese steak sandwich.Come to Phoenix - get Indian Fry Bread.Maybe you've seen fry bread at a carnival served with powdered sugar, cinnamon, and honey. That's a good dish but there's so much more to this Navajo specialty. I like it served as a beef taco but there are a number of variations with and without meat.Unfortunately I don't get here as often as I'd like but when I do come I'm never disappointed (OK, the service can be a bit sketchy).
5	Really enjoyed the food. Big portions and happy kids. Even had homemade jewelry for sale so the girls loved getting new necklaces and son loves his dream catcher.
1	If there was a Zero star that's what this place would have gotten overly priced for just ground beef and the fry bread alone $6.50 no cheese,lettuce etc. They must don't know their competition here in Phoenix like White Eyes FryBread where you get any topping added to your choice of meat for $6. The cinammon honey sugar FryBread was bland! Was in booth less than 3 mins after receiving food... Starving still and disappointed! Don't trust other reviews I did coming from N.Phoenix
5	Best favorite so far is their green chili stew, but overall great chow! If your in the mood for authentic Native American food (none of that fair stuff made by non-natives) I'd recommend this as the place to go.
4	While Fry Bread House East gets 5 stars I can only give the Phoenix location 4 stars. Still good fry bread but not as good as their other location. We've eaten at the old location on 7th  several times and a couple of times on Indian School. The difference seems to be in the fry bread itself, the Baseline location fluffier and perfectly cooked while the Indian School location was a bit thinner and a little greasy. Both locations share the same excellent red and green chile and beans.
4	This is my go to place whenever I'm in the mood for fry bread. Since I'm vegetarian I order their Indian Taco most of the time. Their dessert fry breads are really good too. The restaurant is a bit pricey in my opinion and it sucks that they moved from 7th Ave to 10th street. The workers aren't all that friendly sometimes but I truly enjoy the food here. Overall I feel this place is worth 4 stars.
2	The little place on 7th Avenue was far superior. This place is a dungeon. Cavernous, creepy, and terrible service. The food was similar with the same great green chili tacos and posole, but the ambience is like eating in a warehouse. Gangbangers all over outside. Go armed.
4	I order the green chli taco. Still as good as I remember. I do miss the old location on 7th ave. the new place has an awkward layout and  the tables are all mismatched. Also the fry bread taco did seam a bit smaller than I had before at the old location.  The food is great though and it you don't mind a weird dining area then I recommend
1	The food is good. I always get bean & cheese frybread so I am not hard to impress at all. Therefore, service is everything to me.I walked in on a Tuesday at 7pm. They were open, but the open sign wasn't lit up, went inside anyways. I walked to the counter to ordered. FOUR different people looked at me, and walked into the back room. Okay..... The lady that would eventually be the one to take our orders, saw us, and then began organizing and restocking. Eventually, she came to "help" us. With no eye contact she took our order. I had she made a 30 second phone call to confirm someone's order and she was very annoyed. She asked if I wanted salsa with my order and I said yes.The food came out quickly.When I grabbed my order from a different lady, I asked for some extra salsa. The lady who TOOK my order overheard my request and told me that she already gave me salsa, and I can have 2 more, and THAT'S IT.Well guess what? You can have one star and THAT'S IT. Worst customer service I have ever experienced.
3	Decent food, but as other reviews have stated, poor service. My mom likes this place. She was born in raised in Phoenix and always comes here. I was along for the ride so I came in with an open mind. I ordered the vegetable beef stew special. It was pretty good, but I had never had fry bread before so I didn't have any expectations. My biggest complaint would be that we asked for the desserts to go, and we had to go chase down the waitress and have her to bring them to us after we had finished eating our lunches. When they finally did come, they were made to eat at the restaurant so I had to ask the waitress again to have them packaged to go. I am guessing they made a fresh batch to go because it took a while. The food was good but not to die for. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here. And the interior of the place needs work. For a place that supposedly just moved into this location, it sure had a lot of broken tables and out of order bathrooms.
4	Boys loved the fry bread kids meals and I had the green beef taco. A may zing! Everybody was really nice and the place seems clean and the food well prepared.  I will definitely go back!
4	We tried the restaurant on saturday morning . The place was not very busy .We had their Navajo tacos with green chili . The green chili  was a shredded beef with a tangy green  chili .The bread was nice and  crunchy and had a a great blend with the beans and chili.we also had a bean and cheese . Service _as good
5	"I like it so much I'd like to eat here everyday for forever." That was the comment from a four year old when I last ate at the former location of The Fry Bread House. Fortunately, the food remains as good as ever, not harmed at all when the capacity to serve customers expanded.A great place for visitors to Arizona who want to sample some genuinely regional cuisine, specifically derived from the traditions of the Tohono O'odham. The Native American craft booths are a fun bonus. Just don't expect much in the way of ambience. You can sense that the building was once a cheap Mexican food cafeteria. Oh well. Just convince yourself it adds to the charm of the establishment.I must admit that I do miss the sketchy and cramped confines of the old location, but having a little extra room to dine is nice. It must also be great for the Native American craft vendors to have space inside in air conditioning.The staff has always been friendly to us. I read some reviews on Yelp that complained of inattentive service... Surprising to me. I'm suspicious that some of those negative comments may be the result of cultural miscommunications. We weren't really greeted when we entered on our most recent visit, but the server who brought our food to the table was very engaging and we were warmly sent on our way as we exited. I'd characterize it as a kind of quiet friendliness that you might miss if you aren't accustomed to it.Save room for dessert!
2	I was so excited to go try this place, but what a difference customer service can make. Debbie who was working the counter was very friendly to the customer in front of me, but her attitude and demeanor changed with me. She walked away in the middle of still taking my order and checked her cell phone, answered questions and talked with other staff. I continued to stand there waiting to pay. FINALLY the other girl came over and rung up my order. $17.25 for two drinks and a plain cheese and 1 bean and cheese fry breads. I thought that was ridiculous. The gentleman with the long braid walks up and just puts down our food and walks away. He came back by and I asked him for a napkin and all he did was point to the back of the restaurant without speaking. I couldn't wait to get out that place. I did find the fry bread to be good. The beans were not hot and the cheese never melted. I considered this a long drive for NOTHING but a waste of $17.25.
4	Huge fry bread tacos, really great green chile. Prices reasonable and location is alright. Nachos were good, and the fry bread in general was delicious. Portion sizes are quite large, keep that in mind.
5	This is my favorite place for fry bread, and IMHO the best place you can go to get some.  I've been coming here since they we e at the location near 7th AVE and Indian School, and this spot is INFINITELY better.  Not the old location was bad, they just outgrew it.  This new location used to be a couple of different Mexican Food locations, most recently a Pancho's I believe, and was a Maya's before that, I think.  In any event, same great food, but a ton more parking and restaurant spaceMy favorites are the ultimate taco,  green chili stew with a fry bread, and hominy stew with a fry bread.
1	I got food poisoning from their food after talking to the hostess about the poor service we received. They were very rude and,  I'm guessing,  did something to my food.  Horrible experience!
5	So good and homey the fry bread was light fresh and crispy. We ordered at the register and the food came out pretty fast and hot. The employees are courteous and polite. It's a great casual restaurant.
4	very simple and friendly place, the indian bread was different and good. staff was very friendly and recommended some good choices, nice gift store inside.
3	The bean and cheese fry bread was good I experinced good service thats all I have
5	Delicious Indian fry bread. The Indian taco is perfect, great beans. A delicious affordable place.
5	This is a unique, must-visit spot. The fry bread is good but the real magic is what accompanies the fry bread. The $7.49 special of a 12-ounce stew plus fry bread might be lunch for a normal person, but since I'm an out-of-towner I added another 12-ounce stew.The green chile stew and the posole were both spectacular, and spicy in different ways. If you have to pick just one go with the green chile.I also want to add that the service was friendly and fast.
4	I honestly don't know why I'm not giving it 5-stars. I love this place! The red chili with fry bread is incredible. For about 4 or 5 visits, I wouldn't order anything else (didn't want to take the chance of something/anything not being as tasty) but the server recommended the red chili taco and damn was it good too! We usually hit this place for lunch 2-3 times a month, if not more.
4	There are hardly words to describe the deliciousness of this restaurant. I have heard about the Fry Bread House, as most of us probably have, because this little local restaurant has won a James Beard award which is.... odd. Usually the words 'James Beard' evoke imagery of white tablecloths, waiters with the contraptions to clean crumbs from the table, ridiculous numbers of forks for various purposes..... well, this isn't that place (at all). This restaurant is (temporarily) located in the old Pancho's buffet, which, as you know, was a very classy establishment (heh). They did pretty much nothing to make the space their own.... The buffet area is sectioned off with a sheet hanging from the ceiling, some of the extra rooms house other businesses (Native American art anyone?), and the floors/walls/tiles/etc are all the same. This is understandable as they have announced that they are moving (again) to 7th ave and Camelback (ish) early next year. Anyway.... the husband and I came here with the International Supper Club on Wednesday night. The clientele was eclectic to say the least, but that is part of the charm. They have the menu posted on the wall, you order at the counter, and they deliver your food to the table. We had the cheese crisp, the green chili combo taco, and the butter and chocolate fry bread to share. The cheese crisp is a waste of time... it isn't bad, but it isn't anything special.... definitely skip (especially for the price... 6$... almost as much as the tacos). The taco was... incredible. It was love at first bite. The green chili pork was slightly spicy, soft, and full of flavor. The beans were delicious (and I don't typically like refried beans at all). The combination of those with cheese, lettuce, and fry bread (and a little of their house hot sauce) was unlike anything I have ever put in my mouth. This cannot be compared to fry bread you get at the fair... this is so much better. I want another.... like right now. So what could top the taco? The chocolate and butter fry bread, that's what. The husband was expecting Hershey's syrup.....this was about as far from Hershey's as you can get. Rich, melty, decadent chocolate oozed on top of hot fried dough complemented by melted butter made for one of the top desserts I have had in a long time. This thing is not healthy. I don't care. It was great. Take home point: Go here. Close your eyes. Imagine the white tablecloths. Ignore the grungy location. Sink your teeth into some decadently unhealthy deliciousness and smile.
4	If you want to have an extraordinary taco Tuesday, or an awesome taco anyday than this is definitely the place to get it! Be prepared to get great customer service, incredible flavor, completely full, and to eat your taco with both hands or to attack it using your knife and fork! If you're looking for fancy, this isn't the place. The menu is on the wall, you order at the register, you take your number, grab your own drink and seat yourself. Located in the old Panchos building they're not about gorgeous decor it's all about great food. I came in with the International Supper Club, other wise I probably would have never discovered this diamond in the rough. I ordered the green chili taco, the fry bread was soft, the inside filled with spicy goodness that melted in your mouth. I wanted to order the dessert bread but 1 taco filled me up! I'll be back, I've already looked it up to see if I could race over on my lunch hour from Tempe. They're moving soon to the 7th ave  & Camelback area but either way it's definitely worth the drive!
4	Met up with the International Supper Club at The Fry Bread house to give them a try, I have been meaning to check them out for a while now and glad that I finally got to! The 1st thing I noticed was there were plenty of signs telling you that they are moving soon, well dang it, I finally get here and they are moving! But it's not too far from this location, so don't freak out too much.The menu is on the wall and it's pretty simple to follow, so when it was my turn to order I went with the ultimate fry bread taco with red chili. Took my number and headed off to our table.One person in our group also got chips and salsa, and let me tell you, their salsa, its amazing! Great in flavor, I mean I could just make a meal out of there fresh fried chips and salsa, so good!Order came out to the table and I have to say ITS HUGE!!! I mean HUGE!  It was fry bread the size of a plate, loaded with beans, beefy red chili, cheese, lettuce, sour cream folded in half, I swear I didn't know how to attack this thing, it is def something you eat with a fork.The red chili is soo good, this fried bread taco was amazing, I couldn't believe I ate entire thing! So good, in fact I want another!Another person in our group ordered the fry break with chocolate and butter, offered a piece for me to try, and man that too was simply amazing it was real melted chocolate and warm melted butter, oh that was sweet bliss!If you haven't been to the Fry Bread House, you should go! I look forward to checking out the new place next month!
4	I was at Showcase Honda getting my car fixed and remembered that the Fry Bread House is only a mile away. What an excuse to try this place. I set my expectations low on the place because all the reviews told me it's not the interior but the food. So driving there I noticed it's really sketchy area of town. The outside of the building isn't maintained and neither is the plants or the parking lot but I really wanted to try this place so what the heck. I walk in and all I see is a bunch of tables surrounding the place then in the very back I happened to see the counter. Very unusual to be so far back but what the heck. Everyone told me the menu is in the wall so I walk up to the counter looking for the menu but the menu is to the right of the counter. All the reviews told me Red Chili taco. Had that in mind and that's what I ordered. I got the choice of retried beans or meat and of course I got the meat. They give you a number and you find your own table. Anyways, I found my table and before I know it BOOM. I'm served. Very cool. Let me just tell you first and foremost. It's so dang good. The fry bread is so soft, fresh, and light. The red chili is out of the world. So good. Has a nice little kick to it. If you like it hotter, they bring out home made hot sauce with your meal. I tried eating it like a normal taco but wasn't successful. It's so messy but so good. I really did enjoy it. The lady at the counter was so nice and friendly. The person who brought out my food and even the busboy were so friendly.Like everyone said this is a true blue dive. Dining area is ok but the food is great. Don't come here for the ambiance or atmosphere cause there is none but come here for the food and nice service. I was very surprised by this place and for sure will be back.
