5	This is NOT a "naughty massage parlor" as my wife suspected half way through this story about my latest haircut! I stumbled across this barber shop by accident when I was on vacation in AZ. Very unassuming from the street, but very clean inside. Upon entry I got a friendly greeting from Ernesto.  Another barber in matching uniform was working at one of the 4 brand-new barber chairs. The entire place has been recently remodeled, new chairs, tile, cabinets, flat screen TVs showing the current game. The haircut was great, Ernesto said he hoped I wasn't in a hurry because they like to do a good job & are not on a quota. I am talking an old-fashioned haircut, complete with warm towel wrap, warm shaving cream, and a straight razor around the ears and back of neck.  He was interesting to talk with & when the haircut was done, he said don't get up yet. Then came a scalp massage with an electric hand-held massager. It was weird at first but how relaxing! Then he brought out a massager that looked like a belt-sander, massaged my neck, upper back, & shoulders. I was totally surprised, but more importantly, de-stressed.  When I said my barber back home didn't do this, he replied "well, they should!" I highly recommend this shop, just try not to be freaked out by the massage, it is part of the service!
5	Miller Barber Shop not only offers an excellent haircut but a great experience as well. The facility is clean, the staff are friendly, and the service is second to none. The barbers give exceptional attention to even the minor details ensuring that you have a first class hair cut. Individuals used to the mall style hair cut cattle calls are in for a real treat and you will be loathe to return to the corporate cookie cutter experience.  I happily frequent this establishment on a monthly basis.
5	I agree with the other reviews.  I am embarrassed to say that I used frequent the Hair Cuttery and Great Clips, and have been to a few expensive salons in my day... but nothing compares to getting a haircut at an old school barbershop.  The barber definitely knows what he is doing, and takes his time to make sure every hair is cut to a proper length.  He must have rechecked the cut at least 3 times, and the haircut took close to 30 minutes.  As far as conversation, we didn't have any.  I believe the man was foreign (likely Italian), however I did not mind the lack of conversation.  In fact, I found it refreshing.  At $16, it is priced very reasonably.  With the care the barber puts in, and the little details like the warm towel, and massage, this place is well worth it.  When it comes to haircuts, nothing beats consistency.  While I have only been here once, I am sure this place will deliver.
4	After spending way too much on my hair cuts over the past few years at salons, I decided to go for the first time into a barber shop with the candy-twirling cylindrical thingy out front.  I had visions of old men getting their ear hair trimmed and getting their sides slicked down with Brylcreem.Well, this family-run place has its fair share of old men, but all the barbers have been cutting hair for a good number of years.  This place has weathered the Old Town recession because of good prices, friendly barbers, and decent cuts.  Although they are slowly changing the interior to be more sports-ish (they already have a few TVs on ESPN all the time), they still have the requisite late 80's male hair portraits (which give an uncomfortable gay-man is watching me vibe).  A few of the barbers give excellent shaves.  While two women of the family work there, they are also good at what they do.  My only wish for this place is that they get a few more bigger flat screens and take down those hair portraits because I have yet to witness a dude walking in and point up at the wavy hair of the guy in a popped up collar pink shirt and say "that's how I want my hair".***Cash Only***
4	I drive from mid-town Phoenix all the way to Scottsdale Barber Shop for one reason; consistently good haircuts!The Russian speaking family who runs the place are wonderful, warmhearted folks. They are all incredibly skilled and can do everything from the fancy fade to a woman's salon cut! Really...the mom and daughter are both great women's stylists.A gentleman was getting his head shaved for an upcoming GQ shoot in which he was to be featured. Can it get better than that? I'd mention the club where he runs the mixology, but then I'd give him away.It is a funny amalgam of old-fashioned Old Scottsdale/traditional barbering with Russian nick-nacks and "nesting dolls". Generally there's 5 barbers, so even in the early afternoon on a Friday there was no wait. If you love the look of a REAL barbershop, but don't like prices that are chi-chi retro driven, this is the place to get a haircut.
1	OK, let me first start off by saying that I read the Yelp reviews of this barber shop prior to going, so I felt comfortable knowing that they were rated quite high. I usually get my hair cut at Universal Barber Shop in Mesa (off Stapley and the 60) by Dave, awesome dude and can cut hair like no other, but I was in a rush and needed something close to work before heading home.HUGE mistake, maybe I went on a bad day, because the Russian guy who cut my hair didn't seem to give 2 flying fcks about cutting my hair and seemed more interested in getting me out of there. I don't have high expectations, I just want a good, clean cut that is worth the money. When I first walked in, the barber (medium built Russian guy with stubble on his face) was still finishing up with another customer. The shop is fairly small with Mens magazines laying around (Playboy, Maxims, etc.)Anyhow, I sit down in the chair and he asks me how I want my hair cut. I tell him that I want the sides to be 3.5, medium fade and just a little (1/4 inch) off the top. Not too hard right? I tell him I STYLE my hair sort of messy/ spiky.The first thing the guy does is slams the clippers on my head and runs them ALL THE WAY up the side of my head! WTF! Seriously? Do you NOT understand what a medium fade is? The worse part is the clippers weren't oiled properly so they were snagging on my hair! I tell him, that is way too high, not that he can fix it any more, and he proceeds to "try" and fix it. It gets worse as it takes him 2 more swings of snagging my damn scalp to realize "hey maybe I should try changing clippers before I rip this guys hair out". So now the fade is extremely high and I look like I just enlisted in the Marines (I was in the military for 6 years, so I know what it's like to have a "high and tight haircut"). The barber seems like he's more irritated than apologetic, and just rushes to finish the debacle that is my hair cut. The sides are uneven, I have to constantly show him spots that he is missing, pathetic that I can spot it sitting from a chair while the dude is staring at my head. He then slaps this 140 degree towel on my head that burns like hell, and puts a cheapo massage device on my shoulders for 15 seconds (as if that makes up for my screwed up haircut).All in all, this place was terrible. I can't speak on behalf of other customers who have been here, hell, they might have had a great experience, maybe they got a different barber, who knows? All I know is this place wont be seeing me again, and if you guys value a good fade, avoid this place like the plague.
5	Great haircut in downtown Scottsdale for less than 20 bucks.
5	Raffail and his family are wonderful.Been a long time customer since 2000.  They are always friendly.  I always have my hair cut by a member of Raffail's family.  But I know  a lot of people come in for a regular haircut from all of the barbers.Very nice for Dad and son haircut photos, classic barber shop.
5	I just moved from Chicago to Phoenix and being in outside sales it's important to have a solid haircut.  I read the reviews on Yelp and decided to give it a shot.This was the most detail oriented haircut I've had in my life.  Roza took her time which made me feel very confident.  There were other people waiting for haircuts (all seemed to be young professionals) but she never rushed and neither did the other barbers.  This proves they are there to give good haircuts, not just to turn chairs and make money.I've found my new shop
5	Best barber I've found in Scottsdale...received an excellent hair cut from Mike.
5	Great atmosphere. Great haircut. Great price. Will go back when in I'm in town again. Highly recommend.
5	My hair was cut to perfection as I requested. I will definitely have Scottsdale Barber Shop as my new barber. Great place, quick and a terrific neighborhood feel.
5	Best hair cut and shave ever, Great Service
5	Fantastic people and real pros too!  Wonderful experience, super easy, parking and a great haircut!  Will most definitely be back again and again.
5	So Yelp is so solid an' rarely lies on stuff it's so great! I moved to Phoenix in the recent past and of course needed a new "go to barber". I am MUCH MORE particular than the average guy I guess when it comes to haircuts so I think that should say a lot for those who aren't and need a solid cut.THe first time I went I decided to go with Arsen(he cuts hair at the end furthest from the door). Not only was he good and has never disappointed since I been back, but he is even known for cutting a fair amount of famous peoples hair. Especially around Spring Training when all the ball players are around. (GO GIANTS!) =)Anyway if you want a guy who will fade your hair perfectly, do exactly what you want, AND even suggest ideas as well, Arsen and Scottsdale Barber Shop is your place.
5	I started going here after V's started opening franchises left and right and started going downhill. I have been so happy and always get complements on my haircuts. I have very thick hair that grows like a weed so I am a Barber's nightmare but Arsen works magic with the clippers. I now have a little girl and take her to Marina on the weekends. This is the traditional East Coast style shop, take time, use scissors and clippers, black and white tile on the floor, you can towel and shave and closed on Mondays.
5	I needed a hair cut on my trip. Found this place based on reviews on yelp. The reviews were correct. The people are very nice. The place is clean. Perfect barber shop!
1	Worst haircut in years! I walk in and this Hispanic lady gets up. She say a word. No gesture even to invite me to sit down.  She puts a gown and wrapped my neck.  Still hasn't said a word. Then in poor English asks what I want. I said 6 on side and 1/4 inch off top. She timidly touched my head like I was her first haircut ever!!  She took off 1 inch or more. She asked how it was. I said u took took much off. She just yeah ok. She obviously didn't understand me. And they charge $18. Really!!??Great clips has messed up hair but not this bad. I am really pissed off!!  I just couldn't believe it.  What an awful haircut and experience.
1	I decided to take my teenage son here for the first time, we usually go to another guy locally but he is the rudest man in town [ thats a whole other story! ] I had read the reviews and felt semi comfortable going here as my son is VERY fussy but for some reason I neglected to remember a 1star review by Aashish P...BAD MISTAKE. We got her also....in a word TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!! and in Aashish words, fellow reviewer 1 starer...Worst haircut in years! I walk in and this Hispanic lady gets up. She say a word. No gesture even to invite me to sit down.  She puts a gown and wrapped my neck.  Still hasn't said a word. Then in poor English asks what I want. I said 6 on side and 1/4 inch off top. She timidly touched my head like I was her first haircut ever!!  She took off 1 inch or more. She asked how it was. I said u took took much off. She just yeah ok. She obviously didn't understand me. And they charge $18. Really!!??"my sentiments exactly, she is also a gum chewer. !!!!! if you walk in and get her WALK OUT, no RUN out!!!. She ruined my sons hair, and another lady [ with attitude ] there had to go in and fix it...ie my sons hair was butchered.   During the haircut I was commenting to her...DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING?!!!!! but i was swiftly shusshed by the other women barbers!!!! and told " oh yes she is good.  GIVEN DAGGERS LOOKS BY OTHERT BARBERS. UGGGHHH worse mum experience everrr!!!! THIS PLACE IS UNFRIENDLY , really terrible atmosphere, EXPENSIVE  AND I THINK THE 5 star reviews are either posted by family members or LUCKY to get out alive , passing thru town customers...HORRIBLE, terrible experience. AVOID AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!   Bad ownership and management, RUDE. Take your hard earned cash elsewhere and support another local business, this place is a make money get them in and out fast joint.
5	Been going to this establishment for years, took me a while to find it, but once I did I stuck. Usually get my hair cuts by Arson, Mike, or Marina.
5	Phenomenal barber shop in Old Scottsdale.  Family run, clean, incredible hospitality, and old-world barber skills to top it off!  I travel all the time and normally get my haircut while on the road so I've been to a lot of barber shops across the country.  Rosa and her family top the list and will be a must stop anytime I'm back in town.
5	I used to waste my time with places like supercuts and great clips but after repeated bad haircuts I decided to look for a barber shop that knew what they were doing. Luckily for me I found this place on my first try. For only a couple extra dollars than the big chain haircut places you can a world class cut from a family that knows what they're doing. Personally I recommend waiting for Raffail but from listening to all the customers every single barber is awesome. Well worth the couple extra dollars!
5	Fellas, if you are looking for a great place to get a haircut, look no further.  After my first haircut here, I was sold.  No more overpriced salon haircuts, this place is the real deal.  They know how to cut hair for men, the barbers are awesome, the price is amazing (less than a lot of the haircuts I've had using Groupon).  They are fast, clean, and efficient.  They use a warm towel and straight razor neck shave, offer full shave options.  Tell them what you want, or show them a picture, and they will make it happen no problem.  Great location right on Indian School, in Oldtown.  Check it out, and you'll be glad you did.
2	I went here because I needed a trim and the yelp review said one dollar-sign which to me indicated that they would be at a fair price without any excellent extras.I was promptly seated (yes, the silent lady), and after a minimal conversation it was determined that I was to recieve a basic buzz cut. While sitting in the chair I noticed surprisingly many pictures on the walls of bald people. Not stylishly buzzed, but plain old Bruce Willis (and yes, he is in one of the pictures) kind of bald. Odd thing for a barbershop I thought to myself. There is a difference between a barber that takes his or her time to do it right, and someone who just drags it out. I felt that the same activity and area of my head was done, redone and revisited. A surprisingly nice thing was warm lather and a straight razor was taken to my head. I didn't expect it, but I was totally OK with it. I'd be ok w a warning. Yes, a warning would been totally in it's place before razor sharp edge is put to my head. After a decent amount of time she stopped, and the price was $20. For a buzz cut. That, to me, is quite a lot. I mean I understand that they need to get paid for their services, but $20. Nope, will not return here because of it.. But that reason isn't enough - the fade was nice, but the rest of my head is full of "stragglers".  For "20" bucks I should not have to take scissors to my head. You guys know how hard it is to cut your hair while aiming in a mirror?! The distance estimation is off due to the perceived distance vs the actual, and your movements are inverted. GA-AAH! I cannot recommend this place. For $20 I can go to a nicer barbershop and get my hair washed too. And next time, I will!
1	WARNING WARNING WARNING!!!!Worst haircut of my life! I should have never cheated on my stylist. Definitely learned my lesson. I gave the lady very specific instructions, she even repeated what I said and then proceed to take out the clippers and instead of a fade used a 1 and went straight up the side of my head to the point of no return. I was literally speechless. I have a professional job and I have no idea what they are going to say when I go in on Monday but it was unfixable. Instead of "cleaning up the sides" she shaved almost to the middle-top of my head.... talk about J. I Jane status. Unless you don't care what your hair looks like and just want a military cut don't waste your time, money, or style.I was pissed, almost in tears, pointed out their mistake and they still made me pay for it.A horrible business.
5	I needed a quality cut and had been here once before and had a good experience but nothing too special. I decided to go back and get another haircut and I'm glad I did because I got the best haircut I've ever had. Israel helped me out and was a really nice guy. Sparked up conversation but wasn't talking too much, which was nice.The cut was great, good quality and I was out of there within 40 minutes. I'll be back for the next haircut and I'll be seeing Israel.
5	I drive all the way from North Phoenix to keep coming to them. Great family who takes great care of their customers and gets to know each one.
5	Hands down Best barbershop in Scottsdale. Arsen is incredible and has never let me down, place is definitely a gem. I demand a lot from my barber detail and precision wise and for $20, the work is top notch.
4	Arsen gives excellent haircuts.
5	I've had my hair cut here for 15 yrs & never a bad do.  It's like Cheers where everyone knows your name.
5	Probably the best barbershop I've gone to. Very friendly and inviting. First time I went was last week and got my cut from Israel, awesome job! Highly recommend it.
5	My name is Gregg & I live in Palm Springs CA, I came to visit my folks out here in AZ , I was recommended by a friend to try Scottsdale Barber shop about a month ago I saw a barber named Isreal & he gave me the best haircut of my life!! I'm 44 years old & been thru a lot of Barber shops & nothing comes even close to Scottsdale Barber shop! I am amazed by the haircut Isreal gave me!! I now come here every two weeks mainly to have Isreal cut my hair. The friendless & kindness Barber shop I ever been to!! Thank you to Isreal for you're talent & amazing Barber skills can't wait to see you again my friend.
5	I had been looking for a place since my gal over here on the West Side left where I had been going. Had a conversation with Downtown Dan and he suggested this place. Been there now three times in a row, and plan on many more. I am very pleased with the results. The price was $18, $3 tip for a fantastic job.
5	Great barbershop! When I first started going here I was new to professional haircuts, always got mine at places like great clips. This place is the real deal though. I get my hair cut by Isreal and haven't been disappointed. The cut is great, the shave is great, and the customer service is great. Very friendly atmosphere in the shop. Highly recommended.
1	Worst haircut I ever had little Hispanic lady cut my hair in the middle chair.Must have been 7 people waiting for the other barbers ....now I know why.... Going to have to have another barber recut in 5-6 days They should have paid me to come in
