4	Freakin' fabulous and fast Chinese take out, delivery and dine-in restaurant! What a lucky girl I am to have this place in my hood. The food is really good, they deliver really fast, and the prices are really reasonable.   They describe themselves as "New York Style" Chinese Cuisine and advertise that they use 100% vegetable oil.  $2 delivery fee, which I feel is fair.Their egg foo young is excellent, fried rice is wonderful. The chow mein was just okay, but nonetheless enjoyable.  Small sized entrees are plenty for one person and between $3.50 and $5.00 each - great value!  The large size is enough for two people and in the $6 - $8 range.This place was formerly known as Express Wok and besides the name change, they are also under new management.  I never tried Express Wok, but this new moniker, Delicious and Best  ... really is true! Most highly recommended for happy, yummy, tasty Chinese chow.
3	After my most recent delivery dining experience of D&B, I'm afraid I had to deduct one star.  We ordered 2 appetizers and 2 entrees and they only hit the target 50% of the time.Appetizers:  Fried Wonton was good, but their Fried Shrimp was just plain BAD (mushy, too much coating, and we couldn't even taste the shrimp).Entrees:  Kung Pao Chicken was okay, but the peanuts had an odd flavor (tasted dirty and stale, no fresh-roasted sweetness), and they were a little skimpy with the chicken.  BBQ Pork Chow Mein was good, but not mind-blowing.Delivery was very fast, as always! I will order from them again, but will stick to the Egg Foo Young, which is super yummy happy good.
3	I've eaten here a good 2 dozen times, as it is close to my work and delivery is super fast.I normally get the sweet & sour pork lunch special. Good size portion of pork(sauce on the side), nice helping of egg fried rice and a veggie egg roll. $4.95Today i decided to go with a side of potstickers(missed breakfast). 6 pieces with a nice dipping sauce, kind of like a spicy teriyaki, pretty good i must say.  $3.95Im a big fan of chinese take out and i think this place does great, especially with where they are located, (twain and murderland parkway) and will continue to order from here.I would say this place is a solid 3 1/2 star, but not a 4.
2	I went to this place after searching for egg foo young in my area. Since it is really close by and Sherry M. says the egg foo young is really good I had to try it out. Not in the greatest of neighborhoods but sometimes that's where you find really good food. I did like the fact that it said "New York Style Chinese Food" on the menu. None of the lunch specials looked that great so I ordered a small order of each: egg drop soup, bbq pork foo young, and garlic chicken.-Egg drop soup was light and flavorful. Not too thick like a lot egg drop soups. Also no corn. Light, clear broth with long strands of egg.-Pork egg foo  young could have been much better. The pork was way overcooked, to the point of being really tough and hard to chew. Should have perhaps tried chicken. 2 nice-sized patties for a small portion. Didn't like the gravy too much. My family is from New York, and I remember as child, just moving to Vegas and had the best egg foo young from Chinese restaurants that no longer exist. I remember the gravy being like gravy..very smooth and rich and patties nice and fat and full of goodies like bean sprouts. Very hard to find that richness so far from any restaurants I've tried, so will continue my quest. Anyway, I digress. The gravy at DB is more like a glaze. And it should have been served on the side for a take out order. Some of the gravy dripped out of the box. The patty was good, but the dried pork ruined it.-Garlic chicken wasn't what I expected. Lots of large chunks of vegetables: bell pepper, onion, broccoli, celery, carrot, zucchini. There were also red pepper flakes and a sweetness to the sauce. I wasn't expecting such a large amount of veggies with garlic chicken. They were good, nice and crisp, but I picked out the celery, which I don't really care for. They were just very LARGE. Couldn't really taste any garlic.After eating this meal there was an overwhelming saltiness in my mouth. Don't know if it's from the soy sauce or from the meal itself. I might give this place another shot, have to look over menu again to see if it will be worth it.
2	I would not consider D&B to be the best Chinese food I had...My order was the combination lunch special with two items. Naturally I had the pork fried rice, chicken with broccoli, and sweet & sour chicken. The chicken with broccoli was actually decent and I liked the sauce they used for it. As for the other items they were uninspiring and I've had much better at local restaurants even.Other than that my first impression was really bad on D&B so I probably won't be coming back anytime soon.
3	It was one of those moments most of us have; the immediate need for Chinese food.  And since my stays in Vegas usually find me staying off-Strip at one of the Marriott properties on Paradise Road, fulfilling that need would take me to D & B Chinese on Vegas`s eastside.I came away pleasantly satisfied, my need met.The restaurant is unassuming, located in a strip center off of Twain.  But what was lacking in ambiance was more than made up for with quality, quantity and affordability.  D & B`s menu strikes the usual chords and then some.  Most of the items come in regular and small sizes with the latter fitting anyone`s budget.My go to dish is Pork Egg Fou Young and when I saw it on the menu it was a lock I'd make that my order.   But  it is risk/reward proposition, especially west of the Missippi where many times I end up getting the scrambled egg Migas version of the dish instead of the omelet style patties and gravy style I grew up with.It was some of the best I've ever had.  3 piping hot patties with a slightly tangy tasting sauce.  NICE!  I added some Won Ton soup which was a pleasant surprise with a bountiful amount of juliened vegetables complementing  the dumplings and broth.Good food, good price.  D & B Chinese will feed your need!
2	Delicious & Best Chinese Food...not an apt name.Don't get me wrong, the food isn't bad, but it's also not very good either. The Chicken Chow Mein tastes absolutely delicious though, which happens to come with all of the Combinations and All-Day Specials...which are a good deal at $4.95 and $6.95 respectively.The items are rather hit and miss on the menu. I enjoyed the Kung Pao Chicken and Szechuan Chicken, but everything else has proved to be rather disappointing. I was very disappointed to find that the Honey Garlic Chicken is essentially the same thing as Sweet and Sour Chicken, only with a nastier sauce. As mentioned before, the Chicken Chow Mein is fantastic, but the Chicken Fried Rice is pretty horrendous. The two times I've had it, it was relatively tasteless and there were pieces of uncooked rice in the mix. The meals also come with an unremarkable Egg-Drop soup...neither good nor bad.Also, they REALLY skimp on the meat to vegetable ratio. I order my food without vegetables at this place, and the guy behind the counter always cheekily asks,"So, you want Chicken Chow Mein and a little bit of meat." That's already sort of what I was expecting, but I thought it was a bit goofy that he would just come out and say it.Honestly, this place is worthy of skipping. The only reason I ever tried this joint is because I did my laundry at Launderland three doors down. Now that ithe laundromat is out of business, it's likely I'll never return to D&B.
5	Food was OK nothing special but the hot super model type girl working In the front makes this a 5 star must visit restaurant.Update: left over tasted even better the next day,  pork fried rice and general chicken was delicious and best! 5*Update: went there again and tried the lemon chicken, it was amazing! 5*
