5	A daily must when I work from my downtown office location, Simpatico has great prices and the service is great.The fact that they are inside of the old alcoa building may result in them having less foot traffic than a Starbucks or Crazy Mocha, but the service and quality produced make Simpatico a gem among downtown coffee locations.P.S. Free internet available in the lobby too.
5	Simpatico Espresso may be a little out of my way, but I'd been wanting to try it for the longest.  It's a little hard to find , located in the old Alcoa Building, but it's worth checking out.  I must say I'm normally a "brewed coffee of the day"--black-- kind of girl.  See that way the caffeine gets into my system quicker.  But since I was in the area I thought I'd try something just a little out of the norm for me.  I went for their Cafe Au Lait--I know, I know:  I live in the fast lane--which was just out of this world.  Great pick me up for the blah day I was having.Simpatico also has bulk coffee available and if I'm down this way again, I'm gonna try some.  Please patronize this gem folks.
5	For years a friend of mine has been raving about Simpatico.  He's kinda a pretentious foodie, so I dismissed his recommendation.  Finally made it there a couple of weeks ago and, boy, am I ashamed.  Truly wonderful espresso - for what it's worth, the best I've ever had in Pittsburgh and as good as any I've had on the East Coast, West Coast, or Europe.  Make the effort to check this place out.
4	After having a cappuccino from Caribou Coffee I had to immediately come home and edit this review of Simpatico Espresso. Although the she hipster barista wasn't pleasant to me I was really pleasant to her either. No smiles, no chatter just an exchange of goods for money nothing more nothing less. Who was I trying to kid the cappuccino was delicious. The coffee was nutty and smooth and sweet not bitter and biting like what I had a day later at a coffee chain. The quality is there and I really enjoyed it.
4	Good coffee and friendly service here. There isn't much coffee shop "atmosphere" as it's in the lobby of the regional enterprise tower and seating is a bit limited. I was hoping to sit for a bit and get some work done but could never get on the wifi. That's probably the fault of the office building and not the cafe, but something to keep in mind. Seems to also be a popular bike messenger hangout.
5	So I've been looking for a great smoothie spot in Downtown Pittsburgh and finally found this place!!! A great selection of smoothies and the best bunch of add-ins I've seen in the city! Great for when you need a boost of any kind, and more natural than the bulk of what you'll get at any other spot nearby. Plus: the one dood with glasses is as nice as could be:) Definitely stop by!
5	Easily the best cup of coffee downtown. Is there better coffee in the US? Yea, definitely. Is there better coffee in downtown Pittsburgh? Not a chance. The coffee is strong and delicious. The espresso drinks are made right by people who know how to make espresso drinks. The cost is comparable to the corporate coffee next door.
5	Monica and crew are fast and smart. They make fabulous healthy smoothie concoctions that are just plain good. This is the first smoothie I've ever had that isn't too watery, chunky, or filled with unnatural ingredients. Their smoothies also seriously  fill me up and make great lunches or mid afternoon pick me ups.  These smoothies may not look so pretty (green, red, brown, etc) but they are delicious.
5	Coffee, pastries and wifi on par with any cafe in the city (first aeropress I've seen in Pittsburgh), but selection of smoothies,  protein shakes and blended drinks is incredible. Ingredients ranging from fresh kale and bee pollen to seasonal items like actual pumpkin instead of syrup. Worth seeking out.
5	Their smoothies are super!
5	I've not had the coffee at this place yet, but they have the best smoothies I've ever had!!!  It's my quest to try every flavor on the list!  Today I had the Fruity Greens (which had butternut squash, kale, mango, strawberries and vanilla whey) smoothie.  I had no idea that liquid veggies could taste so good! The portions are generous.  When my smoothie was made a full bag of kale was used.If the coffee is as good as the smoothies--Simpatico will have a friend for life!
5	Used to have to come here to pick up coffee for my lazy boss but after switching jobs realized I was right next door and have now been coming every day for nearly a year. Ward and Monica are great. They will let you try stuff, explain coffee stuff, and recommend stuff. Everyone loves the kale but the stalker and squashed mango are my favorites.
5	This is my favorite downtown coffee shop. When I worked in the Regional Enterprise Tower, I came here every morning. The service is always fantastic, and the coffee is always delicious. It's basically a kiosk-style set up, but there is some seating to the left.They brew Commonplace and La Prima beans, my two favorites in Pittsburgh. They also have almond and soy milks. The lattes and americanos are always spot-on. Occasionally, I like to order the skinny minny, which is 20g of vanilla or chocolate protein powder, peanut butter, banana, and your choice of milk. I like it with almond milk. Their kale smoothie with pineapple and lemon is also absolutely delicious.If you're looking for delicious coffee downtown, Simpatico is the absolute best!
5	The ONLY place you can go downtown for fruit and vegetable smoothies with ALL NATURAL ingredients! So delicious and the service is awesome. They will know you by name and order after a few visits. Not to mention you can also get coffee, espresso, tea, all natural pastries, protein bars (and sandwiches on occasion). They will serve you coffee/espresso drinks however you like them and they actually have almond milk, unlike Starbucks and other chain coffee joints. I've now converted to going here instead of Starbucks or Crazy Mocha even though it's further away from my office.Smoothie wise, I've gotten the Kale Smoothie, Berry Matcha, Green Monster, Pumpkin Smoothie. All of them are so delicious. They will also make anything custom how you want it. It's perfect for a meal replacement and so cheap for the quality of ingredients! If you work downtown, or are visiting during the day, this place is a must go! It's right inside the "Regional Enterprise Tower" or "Old Alcoa Building" on 6th Avenue. It says "Xplorion" on the front of the building. Go through the revolving doors and there's a stand there in front of the elevators. You've made it! Enjoy!
5	My favorite coffee shop downtown. Features coffee from all over the world, nutritious smoothies, and tasty pastries and pre made deli sandwiches. Simpatico is the first place in Pittsburgh to feature a kale beverage. The barista is always on point and there is some old Life magazines to flip thru if you didn't bring anything to read.Also, this is a great spot to ask for directions downtown since bike messengers usually hang in the lobby. ;)
4	Wonderful selection! I got the Mango Tango smoothie with fiber added. So delicious and fresh! I was kinda worried when I first walked in the Regional Enterprise Tower though....it was so dark and quiet, I thought they were closed! Nope...I guess I just beat the lunch hour rush. They're in there...open for business!
5	I had never expected to find such a little gem in that abandoned building across from my hotel.. My first trip to Pittsburgh required a lot of yelp searching and I read great things about this little place that I wasn't able to see from outside of the building. I decided to take everyone's advice on yelp and try the kale smoothie specifically!!! It was tasty and filling and went well with the ham&cheese croissant I ordered. I felt terrible for waiting until the last day of my trip to try their smoothies. If I had them earlier, I would have had one for breakfast every day I was in Pittsburgh!
5	Having lived in Portland, Oregon for 5 years before moving to Pittsburgh, I often miss a good cup of delicious coffee. Pittsburgh is getting there, but is not there yet. In downtown this is easily the best cup and the staff are hands-down the nicest coffee shop staff in downtown. The only weakness is the atmosphere ---its in the lobby of a generic corporate building. This is not a "cute" coffee shop. But, thats not its goal --- this is a place for the weekday crowd downtown to grab a solid cup of coffee, latte, smoothie and maybe a pretzel or danish. It accomplishes that goal and more. If your'e downtown for work, a meeting, or a conference, you should get your coffee here.
5	The location is a little odd, because it is in the lobby of an office building and you might not think to go there if you didn't know.. but you really SHOULD go there, because they have the best cups of REAL coffee in downtown Pittsburgh. They are also very nice and remember regular customers. The kale smoothie is also refreshing and worth a try!
4	Really nice small shop. Super nice staff and a little special treat for us when we said we were from out of town and sought them out. The smoothie menu looked great!
5	Delicious. So damn delicious. I'm a stickler for high quality and can't stand protein shakes that are chalky, good for me that my peanut butter and banana protein shake was just as good as the ones I make at home from scratch. If you want a top shelf protein shake definitely check them out.
5	If you work downtown and you've never been here, you need to make a stop in!
5	Great coffee. **Better green smoothies with high quality protein. ***Best service. Happy cutsomer :)
5	I'm in town for business and I come here at LEAST once a day. New favorite spot in Pittsburgh. The smoothies are a healthy start to your morning and the coffee is good too. A must try!
5	I'm in love! I'll be a frequent visitor to this hidden gem. Great service, great smoothies. I've only tried the green goblin so far, but it was amazing.
5	The home base for Pittsburgh's bike messengers. The Java Jolt has always been my favorite. Big love for Monica, Amanda, and Ward!
5	It's inside of a hotel, but there are tons of signs to get you here. And it's in walking distance of all of the other hotels in the area!
5	Although they are a little hard to spot from the street outside, it's absolutely worth visiting this coffee spot inside the skyscraper lobby.  We tried a bulletproof (americano with butter and coconut oil) for the first time here, and it absolutely rocked.  They were offering samples of a green smoothie, and that was delicious too.  The staff was fantastic; they gave us great insider advice on what to see in Pittsburgh.
