3	I really would prefer to rate this restaurant a 2.5 but...What is it that gives a bar, restaurant, etc. its vibe?  This bar is a bit dated and seems to be representative of what hotel bars were before they were swank.  Meaning, I almost expect "two wild and crazy guys" to come walking through the entry.  There were very few people in this bar and the music selection was HORRIBLE.  However, the bartender, Mark (I believe) from Minneapolis, was really terrific: a friendly guy who made certain that our glasses were always full.
3	Along with Karri, I would give them 2.5 stars if I could.I had a business lunch here the other day.  Time was limited and it made sense to grab lunch at the Hilton where several of the parties were staying. I played it safe with a chicken quesadilla.  It was better than average for about 10 bucks.  It came with generous sides of guacamole and sour cream.The service was good.  Prompt and efficient without being obtrusive.  Rimrock Bar & Grille is not a place I would ever seek out but safe and decent food for a hotel restaurant.
2	Just as others have said I would really give this place 2.5 stars.  However I leaned more towards 2 than 3.The establishment is located inside the Hilton by the airport.I ordered the fried calamari which was over breaded and simply ok.  I also ordered a pint of Guinness.There were only maybe 7-8 other ppl in the whole place yet when I finished my first pint i had to wait 10-min before I was asked if I wanted another.  And I was seated at the bar!!!So food get's 2.5 stars, service gets 1.5 for an average of 2.I didn't have a rental car and didn't feel like cabbin it even tho other joints were only 2 miles away.  Not having to leave the hotel counts for a lot!
3	I agree with everyone that yelp needs to implement some half stars because this place isn't quite a 3 star, much more a 2.5.Portions are pretty good sized and the food is decent. It tastes like every other american food restaurant you could go too and they dont put a special spin on anything. I loved our waitress and our bartender and they were super friendly and made us feel welcome, I just wasn't happy about spending $12 for some fish and chips that was a mediocre meal.For being in a hotel its a good deal, and is definitely not something I'd tell anyone to avoid when they come in late from a flight or a long day at the office, I'm just saying get out into Phoenix and try some of the local favorites if you can. (Ask the hotel staff where the shuttle will take you!!)
4	I'm just going to grade this for what it is... A hotel bar in the middle of nowhere if you don't feel like taking a cab somewhere cooler.  I, for one, cannot stand being confined to my hotel room for hours.  I happened to be staying next door at the Courtyard and decided to go for a walk here to see if the scene was any more entertaining than the atmosphere there that can only be described as the result if Starbucks and a hospital decided they were going to combine thief boring forces to make a bar (if you're staying there, you know what I'm talking about).  Thus, I was excited as I wandered the hallways of the ugliest Hilton hotel I have ever seen to hear the chatter of men and women having a good time.  As i turned the corner, I was even more excited to find myself in a dimly lit sizable full bar with 6 flat screens in sight from my perch on a high bar stool as I write these run on sentences.  ;)  I'm not a hockey fan, but with no other sports in season, I'll take it.,  I'm not eating yet, but the menu looks like cheesy southwestern food - good enough if I pound a few more salty dogs from the friendly bartender.  Well worth the 100 yard walk from the Courtyard.
4	This place offered a pretty good selection of breakfast, lunch and dinner.  The breakfast was my favorite.  They had a buffet for about 15 bucks which included juice, coffee, eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, pigs in a blanket, ham, omelette station, Belgian waffles, a variety of different breads, and muffins.  I say give it a try.
3	Nothing special. Forgettable at best.
2	Overall restaurant experience was bad. This is based on 3 factors:  Food quality, decor & service. The taste of my hamburger was very bland. The fries were soggy and room temperature at best. The decor was something from the far past. Dark interior and uninspired menus. Lastly, the server was the redeeming quality. She was nice and somewhat prompt and I'll leave it at that. In summary these 3 factors contributed to a unpleasant dining experience and I cannot in good faith recommend this place as a destination for dining.
3	Good service. Good food. Good beer. Clean. Other than that not much to brag about. Ate at the bar- was given a good recommendation by the bartender Mikey G to try the Seared Salmon Spinach Salad. . . I was so intrigued that I went for it. The salmon was overcooked to be called "seared" but it was not overcooked in general and it was delicious. Blue Moon on draught. Tap water was good- didn't taste like chlorine or margarita mix, which was a great change from the standard hotel bar. I would go there again.
4	Good service and fantastic steak sandwich.  My girlfriend had the burger and loved it.
2	The food here is a mediocre 2.5 stars at best. A lot of it was fried and while they do have a few salads and few special daily entrees the food was still sad overall. I had the Caesar Chicken wrap one night with underdone fries...it was OK. I also had the Chicken Primavera pasta which was actually tasty but needed way way more fresh veggies to make it somewhat healthy...they really skimped on the fresh ingredients here. Other than that the chicken strips, onion rings, fish filet and the like were all super fried. The chicken or veggie quesadilla were also OK but I'd just hop a cab anywhere for something a little fresher.The beer lines seemed stale here so I'd order the bottles or stick to cocktails which were made well.That aside the staff was all friendly and on top of things.
2	Service is almost always slow and food is just okay. Even my beer was warm tonight. Kinda of pricey but what do you expect out of a hotel restaurant?
