2	Nothing special to note about this location of the Papa John's chain.  They generally perform reasonably well, and most times you will notice that they are staffed well enough to handle things - but you will also typically notice that the staff ends up using this to their disadvantage.The last time we were there to pick up a pizza (which was paid for online, so they just needed to look at it and pull it off the rack), three people took several minutes looking at another order - for a customer who was not standing there waiting for their order.
5	I haven't had the pleasure of taking out an order from this location, but all my home delivery orders come from this location and it never fails.  The pizza is always piping hot and made well.  The delivery drivers are always nice - I guess it's nice to have a profession in which you bring joy and good food to people (unless you are running late and the people will be ravenously hungry and irate at you).Ordering online has also been a god-send since you don't have to fumble through asking about specials, etc.  Just click away - the hardest part:  getting everyone to agree on toppings.  It does help a lot that you can half pizza toppings to appease everyone.Great for feeding a lot of people fast - and easy too... it's pizza... no need to break out silverware!
2	Their sauce is terrible...  I like the fact that you can order online, but aside from that, the pizza is nothing to write home about.  In my area, there are other places that are better like Tony's (the best..) Pronto Pizza, and Mamma's pizza. Being from NY, maybe I'm biased... ok, I definitely am.. but skip Papa John's and go for a local mom and pop place. MUCH better pizza even if they don't deliver.
1	This particular location has really let me down!!!  I ordered breadsticks and a large pizza. The breadsticks box had grease leaked all over. Both the pizza and the breadsticks are not the quality I used to. The cheese on the pizza is not melted or maybe it had harden anyways I couldn't eat it after half of the slice. My partner and I are great fan of papa johns pizza but this particular location has the worst pizza/breadsticks and service.
5	I don't generally eat at Papa Johns, but when ordering for delivery, this location is the quickest and most reasonable for pricing.  The estimated delivery time is always spot on, and even during dinner rush, is to my house within an hour.
