4	Many flavors of chicken wings under one roof.  from mild to nuclear hot.  Great for a snack, and for late night runs.
4	Wings wings wings and more wings....  Yum!  So many flavors, so little time.  I like this place,  there's so many different flavors and heat levels - you'll never get bored.  Lot's of beer too!
3	Some friends said that this place has "the best wings ever" so being the conoseiur that I am, I had to try it. The wings tasted like.... sauce. That's all I could taste. I tried the garlic and the honey bbq, and was not impressed by either. The garlic is too hot and overpowers the flavor of the chicken. The honey bbq was a good sauce (not too sweet like a lot of places) but they just put so much on that it was dripping off the wings.They have a lot of beers to choose from... but its all pilsner trash. PBR and Bud and the like. It's a sports bar place, not my type of atmosphere.
4	walter g is right, the wings basically taste like sauce. but thats what they are famous for. they  have about 20 or so different types of flavored wings, if you're someone that likes to try little samplettes of different stuff, you can get the 24 wings and get 4 different flavors of wings and split it with a friend. i tried the carribean jerk, teriyaki, garlic parmasean, and asian spice.if you eat 12 of their 'blazin' wings within 6 mins, you can get your picture on their wall. i feel like i can handle my heat pretty well, so i asked the server for a sample of the blazin sauce, and i'd have to say that it is pretty spicey, but i feel like it was kind of hyped, it was expecting it to be way more spicier, so spicy where you can't taste if it is salty or flavored, its just straight spicy.it was actually pretty good tasting, i would try maybe one wing just to say that i tried it, but i would suggest you do it after you try all the other flavors, b/c i tried blazin before everything else, and everything else didn't seem spicy afterwards since your tastebuds are pretty muched seasoned to the spiciest one first. the caribbean jerk was pretty spicy good, it was an enjoyable reasonable kinda of spicy. blazin made the top of my nose sweat a little. hahahagarlic parmasean pretty much tastes like garlic bread but in the chicken form. teryiaki was good b/c it was nice and sweet and made the chicken kinda caramelized. asian pretty much tasted like sweet and sour sauce but with some chili pepper.mango jabanero wasn't as spicy as i thought it would be, it was kinda good b/c it was nice and sweet and mangoey. the onion rings were pretty good, it comes with liek a chipotle mayo sauce, and the small size, the portion size was pretty good for what you pay for. i thought everything was resonably priced and tasted pretty good.the restaurant is pretty big, there is no wait, and its open 24 hrs. they have tons of sports playing everywhere, we stayed after our meal was over to watch the new american gladiators on the huge projection screen (only one that has sound). other screens are on mute. service was good, all the servers are girls in t heir 20's in football jersey type shirts. pretty quick with your requets for more water  when your mouth is on fire. their dessert menu is not that great, we opted not to get dessert there b /c nothing sounded very tantalizing.
5	It doesnt matter which BWW you go to, the wings are amazing! I have a thing for eating chicken wings. It's sort of an addiction I have, what can i say... not only does this place have chicken wings, they have an amazing assortment of sauces to flavor them. Everything from Mango Habanero to Asian Zing. Anytime i go to Vegas, i have to stop at one of these. What makes this place even more fun (as if the food wasn't enough), they have a free trivia contest that you can join in on when you're there. They give you this remote thingy and you can answer the trivia that shows up on the screens. I love this place. It's my previous love from a past life.
4	Among my BF's circle of friends, BWW is an institution. So as expected, we made a special trip just for my buffalo-wing-loving honey.Our service experience here was 5 STARS. We were seated immediately in a crowded, lively environment and our order was taken shortly thereafter. He ordered 25 wings with the Mango Habenero, Garlic & Honey BBQ, & the Blazin' Wings (super hot). I don't eat yard bird myself, so I ordered the fish and chips and the mozzarella sticks.The waiter came back a few minutes later with our full order and profuse apologies about the mozzarella sticks not coming out sooner -- as a result, they wanted to comp them for us (this showed up as "food goof" on our bill. Cute). Which was very nice, considering we weren't paying attention either way. I asked for some extra lemon and sugar for my iced tea and our waiter blinked it right over, a la "I Dream of Jeannie." Then the manager came by a few moments later to just to make sure we were happy with our meal. Very attentive service, I was duly impressed. Or maybe they just thought I worked at the Spearmint Rhino or something.The fish and chips were average but all I really did was drag my fries over his sauces to taste them (and they were quite yummy).The wings. My bf was in a zone eating those things.  I knew better than to interrupt his culinary reverie, but I'm a woman, which means I'm entitled to put my man through random bouts of Spanish Inquisition-style hypothetical and circular questioning to which there are no right answers. Me: "So baaaaaby [stroking his arm]....what would you choose if you could only choose ONE - a plate of those wings or a blowjob?"BF (with sauce on mouth):  "um....[finishes swallowing a chicken chunk]...well, why can't I have both?"me: "Because you CAN'T, you're stranded on a deserted island and you can only take my blowjobs or those chicken wings with you. Which one?"BF: ""Would it be a finite amount of blowjobs or chicken wings, or would I have either indefinitely?"me: "Indefinitely."BF: "Well...without the wings, I wouldn't have any food, and I'd starve...."me: [eyebrow raised]BF (very quickly): "But I couldn't live without you anyway... I'd survive on coconuts and learn how to spear fish. Your blowjobs, for sure. [toothy grin] "me: [leans over to kiss him]Alas, I could see the truth in his eyes. There you have it: my BF would choose a plate of BWW over a blowjob. Wings. Wings of a dead bird. Wings of a dead bird that didn't even work as wings when the dead bird was an alive bird. If that doesn't speak about how good those things are, I don't know what does.  Either that, or I need to work on my technique.
4	This place is no different from any other BW3s except for the fact that this place has the great waitress Lindsey Love. Forever patient, she put up with my group of drunk friends 4 times over a 2 week span even bothering to learn our names, Jackasses 1-9. She spat back wise ass remarks to the ones we were dishing out to her, gave us sound advice on where to go to see the UFC fight, and even let us have the life sized cardboard cutout of a Coors girl. Thank you Lindsey Love.
4	Stopped by to pick up some $0.45 wings. Got a dozen Mango Habanero Wings and some celery. I called ahead and my wings were ready when I got there. The staff is always nice at this location.
5	I'm from San Diego. We don't have wings this good. They have wing deals and a plethora of sauces to choose from. Come with your buddies, get different sauces and try all their wings. I really don't know what else I can say except that I love you, Buffalo Wild Wings, and I hope you can come to San Diego so I don't have to shed a solitary tear every time I drive by a mediocre wing place in San Diego.
2	I generally like BW's I'm a sucker for the mango habenero.  I like that they have kids night on Wednesday but the service seems to be lousy even for a sports bar.  The kicker is that last time we went they didn't have trivia!  Part of the reason we go is to play trivia against each other.  The drinks are yummy, but overpriced for the amount of actual booze you are getting in their mixed drinks.
5	Oh how I crave spicy garlic wings
5	Hella good! enough said.
5	Great Service, Great Wings, enjoy the raffle during football
4	Wings are always ALWAYS good here, fires are hit or miss. Service is normally really good but we go here all the time for lunch and on on occasion during peak lunch rush it can take for ever so call ahead or build in some extra time if your in a hurry.
5	The Buffalo Wild Wings that made me a fan.  Great location, great size, and great service.
3	The 3 stars are for the food ONLY!Get it to-go or suffer through the wait lines on any sporting event day because they don't take reservations ahead of time, and the shoddy excuse for service.  Oh did I mention you REALLY shouldn't order water because it takes like dirt and smells like chemicals.
3	Recently went for a late night dinner. Not crowded, service was still a little slow, but not terrible. The waitress was nice and polite. (Unusual nowadays) I've been here before on weekends and it's always crowded. Lunch time has been acceptable, quick enough to get back to work if you have an hour. The food was good and even as leftovers was still yummy!Prices are reasonable.My kids and I love playing the trivia games! Never a dull moment at B dubs!
4	My loyalty lies with Wingstop, well for boneless wings anyhow. But on Tuesdays BWW has a 40 cent traditional wing night. $15 wings cost me $7. Cheap! They also give you a raffle ticket for each beer you order, my friend won a certificate for 50 wings!!! I loved the Asian Zing, Hot BBQ and Medium. Thursdays is 60 cent boneless night but I think for boneless I'll stick with Wingstop. BWW atmosphere is nice to watch the game as well. The only downside is on any other night the food is overpriced for what you get.
2	I've been to this BWW so many times it may be weird that I'm giving it the two star rating. But the problem is I've been to other BWW's in the valley that are just SO much better than this one.Here are the pro's: The place has a ton of TVs for your sports entertainment. Pair with a few beers, some wings and you got yourself a decent time with some friends. The wings are delicious, plenty of different spices to choose from. I personally prefer the boneless wings. The bar is decent as well, and I ALWAYS sit in the bar area. So that being said I can't comment on service in the restaurant portion of the place. Also to be noted - I've usually always had the same male bartender when I've been here and his service is actually great. He gets one of my stars all to himself.Cons: It just isn't run as well as the other BWWs around town. Plus the place sometimes has a rank smell. I'm not sure what it is... but one time I went here and I literally walked out because there were soooo many people and it was just reeking of BO. Is it all the guys in there watching sports? I don't know... but maybe there should be a showering before entering policy or something. Oh and I've seen people in their cars getting baked out behind the place as well. Just not cool.Lastly, it's a good place if you're a single lady and you want to find some cutie guys. Note - especially military as it is in the North Las Vegas area close to the AFB.So there you have it. For some reason I'm sure I'll be back here... even though it's a pretty "meh" experience.
4	me and my girls are here all the time. The food specials are great and the service is good too. The wings of course are the main attraction here and they are as delicious as they seem. Tip: if you like your wings drenched in sauce, you have to let them know that! the atmosphere is very casual, and nice to have dinner with friends to watch the big game or the big fight.
5	What can I say?... BDubs is the best wings spot ever! Great employee staff, relaxed environment, awesome happy hour, and great deals on Tuesday and Thursday! I suggest grabbing some Asian Zing and Mango Habernaro wings and cold brew. It'll make your night that much better.
4	BWW Is awesome!!!! Especially on fight nights!!! I love coming here for some of they're new Southwest Bites and beer to watch some of my fave UFC Fighters on live circuit.
3	A-OK.I have actually never been much of a fan of BWW, but inevitably, I'll find myself in one at some point or another.  How come?  Well, like children from across the ages (pun intended), I can still succumb to peer pressure when grossly outnumbered.  In my personal opinion all previous BWWs have only amounted to maybe a 2-star experience.  This specific one earns a whole other star thanks to the awesome waitress, and the experience she facilitated single-handedly.I have yet to think the food at any BWW is more than just meh; I just expect a little more for the price.  I guess the experience justifies the mark-up for some.  Here is no different in that aspect.  I think it goes without saying that if you didn't like something, they do offer quite a selection in order to at least get it to be passable.Now for the awesomeness.  As per usual, I was experiencing the dilemma of which sauce to pick.  I at least make it a point to try something new along with something I know I'll like -- just in case.  Well our lovely waitress noticed my indecision and offered our table to try them all.  Disbelief and excitement must have prevented me from immediately jumping all over that idea.  She took that moment to explain that what BWW employees usually do to become familiar with all the sauces.  I finally managed the motor skills required to nod my head vigorously, and off she went.  I didn't know what to expect at this point as we haven't even ordered anything beyond our drinks; had I, we probably should have ordered a basket of plain fries for the endeavor.  What she returned with was a large tray full of small, individually labeled containers with a dollop of the appropriate sauce in each.  I'm in heaven at this point, just using my designated pinky finger to try each and every single one.  The rest of my group tries a choice few, but no, I must try them all.Here are my few take-aways:  Buffalo is a sauce, not a seasoning, and their attempt at this twist failed miserably, horribly, etc.  Salt & vinegar is as good on a wing as it is on a chip.  What the hell is the point of Mild?  Parmesan Garlic succeeds in getting those flavors not to overpower each other.  I would put Chipotle BBQ and especially Desert Heat on something else too [e.g. fries or ribs] if you know what's a good idea.  Where's the garlic in Spicy Garlic?  Jammin Jalapeno and Caribbean Jerk could use a little more refinement in getting that flavor right.  Thai Curry has surprisingly no false advertising in its name.  Mango Habanero sneaks up on ya.  Both Wild and Blazin are just heat without much flavor.  Everything else wasn't noteworthy; therefore neither horrible nor any good.This sort of thing is what I live for.  Unfortunately, what little interest BWW had from me is now satisfied, and I see even less in returning to one.  Oh yeah, we ordered food after this endeavor, and I couldn't care enough to remember what I even thought about it.  What did it for me was this one awesome waitress and her experiment.  Why I didn't hit on her is beyond me, but that's another story.  If I ever absolutely, positively had to go to another BWW, this would be the one, but I'm okay if I never do.
3	Having been to many other B-Dubs in town this one doesn't fair as well as far as the service goes. The food is always great I do have to say that. This is one I feel most comfortable at. I'm a sucker for the Sampler Platter (almost) every time. You get nachos (salsa isn't that great I ask for con queso on top instead) you get Mozzarella Sticks and Boneless Wings (Honey BBQ is my choice) and Onion Rings. It's just the right amount of all the yumminess I'm looking for :)The service is usually slow though so getting refills on your drink isn't likely or often enough. I waited for over a half hour for the order to come out. I suppose it is the tasty food that keeps me going back! OK it is the tasty food that keeps me going back hehe. This last visit I had to get up and ask the hostess to get someone to get me a refill. The food tasting good is important to me, but the service is too. They have a variety of options to choose from besides wings. They offer burgers, chicken sandwiches, wraps, and salads.Check them out on Facebook or the B-Dubs website because they have weekly specials on wings. They have TV's everywhere. If you like watching sports, drinking beer, and eating chicken wings then this is the place for you.
2	Roman was a good server but was more interested in the fight that was going on. Our empty glasses sat on the table for a good 30 minutes and after I was gonna hand them to another server he swooped by and picked them up only to continue to watch the fight Instead of bringing them back to the kitchen. He the. Handed them off to a waitress and continued to watch the fight. Clearly he was more concerned with what was on tv than actually doing his job.We will not visit this store again. Food was AMAZING. This buffalo girl was happy to have a taste of home so far away from home! I'm happy that there are several Wild Wings around here, hoping that they actually play the Buffalo games when hockey season starts up again.
2	This is one of my favorite places to go, do not excuse the poor service given by employees. My husband and I stayed here last Monday, with the intention of having a good time, we hentered the place and everything seemed it would be a good night until we went to the bar, quickly attended to my husband was served a beer, I continue looking at the menu, my husband continued watching TV and drinking beer. I decided to order a drink, the girl asked for my id, and reuse to serve the drink because my ID was expired, I said, you want to know if I'm old enough there says I am 25 on my id . she answered, you can not be here, I understand she is doing her job, but why wait until this happened to ask my husband for his id
4	After striking out at Victory Cafe down the street I quickly went to my Yelp app at searched out my closest Bdubs, with luck it was only minutes away.  We were seated immediately at the bar with access to 6 big screens showing 6 different football games.  My server was really cool about refilling my pop every 15 minutes and ensured me it was no trouble at all. I was kinda bummed I already had a shitty appetizer at Victory Cafe and didn't have room for some bomb ass wings.  The crowd at Bdubs made the experience even better, all kinds of fans sporting there favorite teams jerseys.  By the time we left there was a crowd lined up the door for the 1 o' clock games.  My only regret is that I didn't start here, Man. Good Job Ddubs, keep up the good work.
4	I ordered online the other day and all went smoothly. When I went to get the order the girl serving me was awesome! Usually when we go and sit down the service is hit or miss. On sunday when I picked up my order the girl who helped me was awesome. She was really friendly. She went over my whole order with me and got me a discount! She was spot on. As for the parking at this location it sucks because of the UHaul. There never seems to be any parking anymore. The UHaul has taken it over compleately.
3	Buffalo Wild Wings is perhaps my favorite cookie cutter type restaurants The wings are always cooked perfectly and I have no complaints about the food here. I do have to comment on poor service as the daughter and I who both ordered spicy food had empty drinks for at least five minutes. (Twice) I finally just waved down another server and begged for some liquid relief.  Oh and cant forget the gang tags found in the bathroom. Just be careful not to wear the wrong color or sport team jersey as you may get shanked.I won't be back as there are numerous places to get wings with great customer service that doesn't disappear when your drink gets low.
3	Don't get me wrong I love this place, but lately it seems like the bartenders don't care anymore. I don't know if it's because of management or they really don't care about their customers. It's not just one bartender either, it's all of them. I always order take out and like to have a beer while I'm waiting for my food. It always takes 5 to 10 minutes for them to even acknowledge that I'm there. It seems like they are always trying to leave before I finish my order. It's sad because I always tip well even if it's not deserved. It's not going to stop me from going because I love the food. They have the best wings I've ever had, no matter what time I go the wings are always good. I'm a chef and I love to cook, but I still can't stay away. On a side note, the parking is horrible. I don't know who the Hell U-Haul thinks they are, but they have taken over the parking lot. I used to park in the desert in the back, but now they have put their trailers in the way of that too. I've been going there since it opened and will continue to do so. I just hope the bartenders wake up
4	Honey BBQ n curry is the best!
2	Sometimes friendly and attentive service, edible food, and plain decor. Yep, it sure is a chain restaurant! BWW is actually one of my favorite chain restaurants. Note: the word "favorite" is being used loosely there. Much like a dental check-up is my favorite dentist experience. If you gotta go, try the mango habanero or the Caribbean jerk sauces. They are solid.
2	Too noisy...they are fighting over parking with Uhaul...menu isn't the best...but I finally after many request I got the Mgr to get Wifi for customers! Limited on what drinks they can make..mostly a beer joint for sports fans!
3	I never really come here for the food because its mediocre at best besides the wings. My favorite is the mango habanero! :) I always do come for the 65 tv's & all the big games. However my husband & I always get excellent service from Amrakey.
3	no the best bww in town .also not to bad for lunch
4	BWW is a Great place for fight nights. Good selection of wings and overall above decent service. If you'd like to try items other than their wings I would recommend their sliders and wraps. The mango lemonade is a must, excellent drink with unlimited refills. Make sure You come early on UFC nights, this place gets packed!
3	Went there to watch the Eagles vs. Chiefs game that was only aired on the NFL network. Parking is horrible! It shares a lot with a U-Haul place and the lot was full of U-Haul trucks! We ended up having to park in a gravel lot way back behind the BWW's. Once we got inside we were able to sit almost immediately though and had a server in a matter of minutes. The service was good and the food was standard BWW. Would probably return the next time I'm in the area and want to watch a game.
3	This place is awesome because you can watch everything fights.   From UFC PPV to boxing. Anything sports.  The reason why I gave it 3 stars because the parking lot isn't big enough.  There are always full.  The service is good unless if it's really busy, it will take you awhile to order food & drinks.
1	Went here to watch a hockey game before they got busy. As soon as my family got done eating they bumped us off the big screen. Service was horrible. Had to ask another server to send my server over for drinks twice. When I told the manger this it appeared to be policy she did nothing to make it right just hollow apologies and lip service with no real sorrow or attempt at real customer service or building repeat business. As soon as I stopped buying food and drinks I was not going to watch the end of my game. Will fire a letter to corporate and not be returning. Awful experience at a cost of over 70 bucks in food and drinks for 3 people and kicked to the curb during 3rd period.
1	Went there just to grab a beer and a burger with a friend. There were no big football or basketball games on so it wasn't super busy. First problem is that I had to wait at least 10 minutes for a bartender to acknowledge I was there. Finally got a beer and it was good. I decided to order a build it your self burger. It was a pretty simple order. I wanted honey bbq sauce, cheddar chesse, bacon, and pickles. Seems simple right? Well it came out with the bbq sauce, cheese, close to a pound of finely shredded lettuce, no bacon, no pickles. I DO NOT LIKE sending my food back or complaining but I couldn't eat it that way. I sent it back and told them what I had ordered again. Between 5-10 minutes the bartender asked if I just wanted the lettuce scrapped off or a new burger. My response was that I could have scrapped off the lettuce and it's going to be cold. So I got the same burger and ice cold pickles on it and still no bacon. I wasn't thrilled about my food. The manager was so busy watching basketball he wasn't helping anyone behind the bar and especially not the customers. Pretty much an overall FAIL on their part. Poor management in this restaurant so you're better off just finding somewhere else to eat. I won't be back and I live right beside it.
3	Gosh. Buffalo Wild Wings.. Hmm.I love their sauces. They have a good happy hour. But they are so slow. Offering the bar area instead of waiting for a table is dumb when either area you sit in you get slow service. It's just annoying to have to wait so long for a beer, to have your order taken, or for the check. An hour should be plenty of time to have a drink, eat some wings, and leave. But it's not here.
5	Jaymee was a great waitress she was positive and upbeat the whole time! I will be coming back to the bar section just to be helped by her.
5	I came back and Doreen helped us at the bar. She was great! She made conversation and encouraged me to try the siracha wings which were AMAZING!
5	This particular BWW gets a solid 5-star from me, mostly for the bar staff here. I moved here in June and have gone at least once a week, every week since! The entire bar staff knows my name, my drink order(s) and how I like my wings prepared. My roommate and I are greeted with smiles from the bar as soon as we walk in the door. Even when we aren't drinking, we sit in the bar because we know we will always be taken care of. I'm not sure about the rest of the servers, but definitely make sure you ask for Jaymee, Sam, Staci, or sit at the bar top and talk to Mark. They're all awesome and the wings are never a disappointment. I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants good wings and excellent service.
5	I normally dine in at BDubs but tonight I did not have enough time so I ordered take out. I would have to say that the customer service was outstanding. Jessica took my order and was very helpful and she actually was the reason that I order a side of fries. She sold it to me perfectly. She told me that my order would be ready in 15 to 20 minutes and it was spot on. I arrived in 18 minutes and the food was hot and ready to go. I would like to give Jessica 6 starts but we all know that's not possible. Once again, BDubs doesn't disappoint and I will continue to eat at BDubs!!! Thanks for dinner.
1	African American girl is hella rude will not pay attention to u at all... She needs to find another job she's not cut to be a bartender
5	Just left the Centennial BWW after waiting for 15 mins and getting no service! This BWW on the other hand is on point. Literally sat at the bar and within seconds was greeted by the bartender.
5	Great service,  from beginning to end. Both Roman and the cook were both amazing!! They kept checking up on us and the food was great. Definitely coming back!!
5	I love BWW. Scott, Tanisha, and everyone else were super friendly! I've been to different locations of BWW but they are not good. Very rude compare to this one. Don't even waste your time going to the other BWW.
4	I always love bww and have always had good service but at this place not so much there is a waitress in the bar section that is to busy flirting with her friends that come in than serving her tables. We had a really bad experience with her. We went back again during happy hour and they asked if we wanted to sit at the bar and we chose not to simply because of the waitress. She needs to go. Whenever I see her I will steer clear she's that horrible
4	You will definitely find a style of wings that you love... Try the Lemon Pepper!  The service is really good and prices are very reasonable.  BTW, great for kids!  Oh, and if you're interested in sports, they have just about every game on... It is cool!
2	I am only rating this particular experience. But my boyfriend and I come here one a week or so maybe once every two weeks. U remember roman use to be our regular bartender but he had left, such a shame because he was great! Instead these new bartenders, Michelle was her name, are incredibly rude, does not care about the guests that sit at the bar. The first thing that she screamed for was for our id and then took a 180 and walked away. Who does that?! I had to play 20$ of poker before she even acknowledged us to get our drinks and food. After that she doesn't even check on how our food was or if we needed anything else?! Isn't that your job description?! Again I loved this place when roman was here I don't think I will be a regular anymore. I would rather go out of my way a little to go to the one on north 5th.
1	I wish I could write a review for the food, but I never received mine. We were with a somewhat large party and they only gave us one server. I ordered with everyone else and never received my meal. When the manager asked if I needed anything, I told him "yes, my lunch." He laughed it off and said that it probably never got put in and walked away, like he thought it was funny and didn't really give a crap. Then he came back later and asked what my favorite flavor was. Not sure what he was getting at, but too late pal, the rest of my party was already finished and trying to leave. It took them almost an hour to get my husband the bill (fortunately, the food I ordered and the pepsi I received wasn't on there). I'm not coming back to this location. The parking SUCKS and the service is horrible.
2	Horrible service on a Thursday night. It was busy due to playoffs and our waitress was very nice. She was however overtasked. 30 min average for a beer and the food was served cold. I will not go back.
4	Mixed feelings about this rating. Have been here maybe a handful of times (last time was a couple months ago) and service has always been good. The girlfriend and I usually go at odd times just to avoid any massive crowds as we use to frequent BWW a lot while living in CA and we understand how the crowds usually work. Food is always great.This place loses a star based upon their parking situation. First time coming here we got lucky and parked right in front. Last couple times we were forced to park next door in the gas station parking area. This location has a horrible parking lot as they share it alongside a U-Haul location with trucks everywhere. When we park in the gas station lot, I am in fear my car will be towed. Doesn't make sense to build a restaurant as great as BWW and have this bad a parking lot situation. You have two options when you park near the gas station 1) walk around to the sidewalk to get to the restaurant 2) walk down/up a hill with rocks and debris everywhere. However, the parking lot situation doesn't deter me from coming back.
4	60 cent Tuesdays are always the best!!This bww is far from me but we were in the area because we were on our way to Moapa Valley and we wanted to stop by for lunch. Service was excellent. James was an amazing server. Greeted in and out the door. Orders were taken fast and food came out quick. Also tried their lemonades for the first time. Super yummy!!!
2	Rude ass bartender - "Michelle" We came in exhausted and tired from work (so to her we probably look like we were broke lol. ) She first asked if we wanted something to drink but we asked to order food first. After she served our food she did not check back and after those hot wings we were thirsty, and needed some more water. Throat was on fire and we were slurping on ice! I turned around to ask another server and as the other server brought the water back around to us, Michelle states " OH! Now you want something?! " I was like " uh we've been needing some water." She says, "Well YOU SHOULD HAVE ASKED!" (Oh hell nah! Who are we suppose to ask?! It's not even busy around here.) So, anyway she turns to the customers three seats away from us and has the nerve to talk crap about us in front of them!! WTF DID WE DO? We just needed some water. She continued with the side eye. So I'll leave her a nice "Tip" : NEXT TIME INSTEAD OF TURNING TO THE LEFT TO TALK SHIT, just be more attentive to your customers. Overall, food was BWW.SERVER was a beeotch. Lol
2	First off, the parking here is HORRENDOUS!!  We came here to watch the UFC.  Our waiter was friendly and checked on us frequently.  I ordered boneless wings.  They were horrible.  They were mostly breading and barely any chicken.  They were so hard to chew.  We also had a pizza spring roll (I forget what it was called exactly) they were very tasty. Only thing is it cost like $6 and you only get two. They were good but not that good! Overall, I wouldn't come back for the food.  The only reason I would return is that it is the closest place for us to watch the fights.
1	Worst experience at a restaurant ever. I will definitely never ever come back. My food was cold, my drink had no ice, and everyone there had a terrible attitude to me. Sorry all I wanted was ice in my drink considering I didn't ask for no ice. It's July I would like ice in my drink!
2	So we had gotten there around 3am and it was a little busy so we sat down. We waited 20min and still after acknowledging we were there he still did not take our order or even ask what we wanted to drink. At 30 min I had asked if we could get some service he looked irritated and said just a minute. Now I would not be mad if we had to wait a little because it was a little busy but he was serving others that had arrived after us. He even helped the person behind us and turned his back as if he was ignoring us. After sitting for 45min and not even getting a drink order we left. The servers name was Keith. I will not be going back to this place.
3	I've came here too many times to count,but as always I leave satisfied. The service is decent when ultra busy but understandable and the food always gives ya a kick with new surprises of flavor. My personal favorite!!! Getting a 8 piece boneless (don't judge me lol) mango habanero with cheese wedges and an ice cold Stella Artois served in its proper chalice glass. The flavor that explode when biting into the wings are sweet yet real spicy,sometimes too spicey too bare but that's what the brew is for haha!! But place is great for sports watching and chilling with friends as well.
1	Waiting 15 min.'s to flag someone down just to get a drink order placed. They had a table walk out because no one would serve them. They were NOT busy. Our waitress decided flirting and chatting with other staff members was more important than bringing refills or listening to us when she was at the table. She walked away in the middle of my sentence to go talk to another server about her date last night. Needless to say... We won't be back! This is the third time we've been to this location and had issues with poor service. The manager didn't even bother to come over to our table after I had my drink removed from our ticket because it was watered down and gross. I tried to get it exchanged but the waitress kept walking away mid-sentence or saying she was going to exchange it but forgetting. She didn't forget to stop and chat with her friends. So, I think she needs to learn to focus on work and do her job!
2	Food: Decent quantity and average quality. Wings were sauced well but could have been warmer. Perhaps they were sitting too long? Service: Atrocious. The waitress had no clue what beers the store served (not everything on the menu was served) and no less than 3 times, provided incorrect information about their beer selections. (Aka - yes we have wood chuck cider, 5 min later - no we don't serve wood chuck cider") Took forever to get our drinks. (15+ min for 5 of us) on a dead Monday evening. Food took forever too (30+ minute wait) Environment: typical BWW's, fairly empty and appeared clean. Overall I wouldn't recommend this location based on awful service, long wait times, and only average food at best. Environment
2	Ordered hot, medium and BBQ wings plus a side of fries and some cheese and bacon wedges. First the wedges were small and not very good. The wings came out and the hot was definitely hot (made my lips burn) but the flavors weren't great. They weren't very hot either. The fries were terrible! Freezer fries (that's what we call them) and I could make better ones at home. :) The service: We didn't get refills and I'm pretty sure our waiter took his lunch break while we were eating. When we were done he gave me a receipt and didn't say anything so I went up front to pay and they told me my waiter had to ring me up. He was really nice but that's not enough to win us over. Sadly we won't be coming back. Comparable to other wing places (*cough* w..stop) this was just not good. The only plus here is the sports.
2	I know BWW is a chain, so I usually wouldn't review. However, the service at this location is absolutely terrible. On multiple occasions, the servers are unaware of the beer selection on tap. During our last visit, my friends and I (4 total) went for dinner and the server was rude, lazy, and failed to share the happy hr specials with us. Refills (once we finally received drinks) were lacking. The cherry on top was the amount of attention the table next to us received. It was a complete 180. Out of convenience, I am sure my group of friends will most likely go back but for the food/location and not the service
2	It's always hit or miss at this location . Some of the servers are super nice and friendly, while others are horrible, and really rude. I still come to this location because it's the closest to me. * insert big sigh here*
1	By far the worst service ever, besides the manager being incompetent and not knowing how to asses the situation and know how to manager the room he rather have a bunch of upset customers who are they to watch their team play, he has the sound and tv on games that no fans are their. Then the waitress brought the wrong order. Over all they all looked like chickens with their heads cut off. I've never ever not left a tip but this is one time I will not.
1	This is by far the worst Buffalo Wild Wings in Las Vegas. They have no problem bringing your bill but they have a problem with costumer request.
2	The only positive thing I can say is the food tasted ok. We called ahead to see if it was busy and they said they weren't busy and there was no wait. Get there 10 minutes later and all of the sudden it's a 35 minute wait. We let them know we had 3 kids and needed a highchair, but they sat us at a table where we couldn't have a highchair. The hostess went to see if she could find a table and after a few minutes took us to a new table. Once there, are drink order was taken, appetizer were ordered, and then it was 15 minutes before the waitress came back take our order. When appetizer arrived one had to be sent back and took forever to get back. Then we waited for 30 minutes after the appetizers were killed before our food arrived. The kids orders were wrong, but they were starving at this point and didn't care. One of the adult meals was wrong also and when we asked the guy who brought them out to take it back he got really annoyed and glared at my friend. So overall service sucked, the bathroom were dirty and gross, and they don't have enough parking. If you're wanting some good wings save yourself the time & headache and go to Wing Stop down the street.
1	Full store review: HORRIBLE.Start off, the location sucks. There are maybe 20 parking spots that aren't U-haul or the gas station nearby. We ended up parking in the field on the opposite site of u-haul. Next, we were at another location and they had a real long wait. We called ahead to this one and they said there we absolutely no wait. We tried to put our name on the RSVP, but they said that they don't do that over the phone. (I will give them that one) When we actually do walk in, they tell us it is a 35 minute wait. We tell them that we have 4 adults and three kids, so she then asks if we want to sit at the bar if everyone is over 21. Talk about a moron, with me holding my child IN MY ARMS. Didn't think they offered babysitting services either. When they do seat us, they take us to a booth that cannot have a high chair at the table. The hostess, who probably should have kept her McDonalds job, was told that we needed a high chair prior to us being brought to that table. It took a while, but they found another place for us. Hostess service- overall fail.Next, our server was a complete mess. It took over 5 minutes for the kids drinks to arrive at the table, and another 5 for the alcohol. When we ordered appetizers, we stated that one person was allergic to tomatoes, and to hold them. I guess she didn't know that pico de gallo had tomatoes. That took over 10 minutes to replace some Chili con queso. The same person who asked for no tomatoes asked for a wrap with, spoiler alert, no tomatoes. Yet again, and another 5 minutes went by. Granted, the main food was after waiting for 45 minutes for the food to come out and watching other tables around us sit down AND get their food before us. The waitress had to be asked multiple times for items that would normally be expected or even parts of our meal, dips and such. Food server/cook- FAIL.Last, in order to take a piss, I had to make sure to not stick my feet in the GIANTS puddle of pee on the bathroom floor. Granted, I get that this can happen fast if someone just comes and pissed on the floor, but I came in at the beginning of the meal and after. Most places have an hourly, at the least, check of the bathrooms.Didn't see a manager at all either come to the table and check on anyone in our section. Coming from someone who actually has waited tables before, THIS PLACE SUCKED!!! It was an overall horribly ran restaurant, and honestly, the whole chain has been bad. The last 4 times we have been here, ranging from New Mexico, Texas, and the durango location, BDubs is no longer the place to go. Take a trip down the road and hit up Wing Stop. They have better service and great wings.
2	I was not impressed.  This was my first time at any BWW and i am not sure i will ever go back.  Particularly not to this location.  Service was terrible and my fries and wings came out on the not so warm side.  It was like our food had been sitting in the back waiting for it to be picked up by the server.  Which seems plausible since it took 20 minutes for a waitress to take our order after we had waited nearly an hour to be seated.  Once she took our order it took another 20-30 minutes before our food came out.  There were other tables around us that seemed to get their food and better service and they were seated after we were.  It was a lousy 2 hour experience that i would not like to repeat ever again.   Save yourself the trouble and don't come here. Like another reviewer stated, go to wing stop. You will get better service and food somewhere else.
1	Worst experience I have had at a restaurant By far ! Got to the the restaurant beyond packed football game no surprise was told it would be 15 to 20 min after waiting for nearly 40 sat down for 15 min till our waitress came along for the first time Nicole was the worst person I have ever had note that I go to buffalo wild wing at least 1 to 2 times a month great food but the service was absolutely terrible today ended with her hovering over us until we gave her a tip which she basically grabbed out of our hands some friendly advice if you get her simply ask for a different server save yourself the disappointment she brings not coming back to this location
1	Thanks for not trying to better accommodate a group of 15.  We are now separated into 3 tables.  When your employees managed to put 4 tables together, the manager came by and split us up again. We just cancelled our appetizers and will not be ordering any more alcoholic beverages.  Your loss on what would have been a good table.  And I am now editing this because it has been 40 minutes and half our group got their food.  Our table of 9 is still waiting for dinner.  So for all of the inconvenience we got a certificate for wings.  The manager Scott is completely useless.  In the process we had water and ranch spilled on one guest.  This place is horrible!!Unacceptable!!
1	We went with 15 people and they had issues with seating us all together. When they finally fixed the seating the manager Scott ( Orange shirt ) came and said that they couldn't have all the tables like that due to it being dinner time and the Basketball games were starting. So we managed with the tables we had. Prior to this table issue the server took the drinks and appetizer order only to find out after we got the seating issue resolved that they hadn't even been but it so we cancelled our appetizer orders and this time someone from the table addressed the Manager Scott and kindly explained that we wouldn't be ordering anything but our meal and that's sad cause at this table we had good drinkers and eaters. So I went to order a MGD 64 only to be told they don't serve Miller products when clearly it's on the menu and I've had it at another location in July of 2014 which was a horrible place also. So after waiting 45 minutes while other guest that were seated after us got there food and half of the party at the other table got there food we finally received our and my son had water poured on him and ranch dumped in his lap during the serving of his food. And we asked for Mayo on a sandwhich which they failed to do only to get 10 packets of it on the side, Today was my daughters birthday and she wanted to go there oh and BTW she was pregant and was at the table with our grand daughter who's food wasn't there. When the manager finally came to the table after we received our meal only to say he'd talk to the server who was new and not knowledgeable with  the menu when they should of had 2 people with a party that large. So we got 40 wings coupon for our next visit which was a slap in the face for what we went thru. After it took the server 10 minutes to adjust a check cause there was a drink on it that we didn't order. This was a horrible experience and I will never go back to any of there business ever!! I think undercover boss needs to see what happens in the stores and how the assistant manager's handle things Oh BTW he hide the whole time we were there couldn't find him until he was clearing a table before we left. I've worked in the customer service restaurant field for 28yrs and NEVER would I have treated any guest in my establishment this way and If my managers did this they would be FIRED!!!!This place is horrible!!!UNACCEPTABLE!!!!
