5	My husband's new obsession is saltwater tanks and I have been dragged to just about every store in the valley. This is by far the best store dedicated to the supplies needed for reef maintenance. They also have a small section for freshwater.They have premixed salt water (bring your jugs, they will fill them), a wide variety of fish, and some shrimp, snails, eels, urchins, and crabs. They have the best selection of live rock and both soft and hard corals I have seen and they all seem to be responsibly harvested.The store is bright and impeccably clean and the tanks are well maintained. The staff is very professional and knowledgeable. If you're going to get involved in an expensive hobby like this, you may as well buy from the best.Aqua Touch's hours:Monday-Saturday 11-7Sunday 12-5
5	We purchased a 160 gallon salt water tank on the fly at a garage sale recently and needed some advice in turning it over into a reef tank.  Everyone at the store was friendly and willing to spend the time to really explain and show us working examples of some of the equipment necessary to maintain a reef tank.  They have been able to answer every question we have asked about protein skimmers to sump tanks and refugiums with honestly and thoroughness.  As a biologist I was happy with the fact that they have a conscientious approach to harvesting both fish and live rock.  The staff are patient and friendly and seem committed to making every encounter a positive educational one.
5	Aqua Touch is one of the few retailers that I frequent to stock and replenish my salt water system. I go here because the store is always impeccable, they have an incredible selection of fish/coral/inverts that are always good looking, healthy and priced reasonably. I come here to stock up on pre-mixed water and frozen fish food. Aqua Touch I am a big fan!
5	Hands down, one of the best shopping experiences I have had - and I am comparing to all of them, not just fish.I was seeking a brand new, custom tank. I shopped around but Aquatouch had a good price and, more importantly, the best service. From start to finish, everything was covered - tank and stand. All of my questions were answered (and I had a lot!). I just got the tank this week and it's beautiful! I am still getting follow-up support on setting up the tank.I want to note something very important - I always felt like I was dealing with honest people.The store itself is clean and neat. They focus more on saltwater than fresh. I'm not a saltwater expert but I would say their selection is good. The saltwater fish are all active and appear "happy" to me. The planted  freshwater tanks are beautiful. I think they specialize in more of the high end freshwater fish and plants.This store will remain tops on my list. If you are going to make that huge investment in a large tank, I would just go to Aquatouch. I already did the research for you. You'll get great service, good prices and have all your questions answered.
5	Great place
1	This shop seems to have changed hands. I have been going here for years and recently lost many fish because the fish I purchased here had ich. I went back to the shop only to discover their fish had visible signs of ich but were still being sold as healthy.
5	My boyfriend and I have been in the aquarium keeping hobby for a year now, we moved rapidly from fresh water to salt water, and keep one of each today.  We have checked out all the major fish shops in the valley, and Aqua Touch, in my opinion is one of the best!   The quality of their website is fantastic! it's easy to use and has a lot of interesting information on it.  It's obvious that this shop is owned and operated by individuals who really enjoy this hobby. Every time we have been into the store we've always received great service, and I am blown away by the tanks that they keep.  I particularly love the tank in the back with the cardinal fish and tropical flowers. The staff is always helpful and friendly, and I haven't found a better selection of corals for sale - and even though the fresh water section is small, I think they definatly have the best display and selection if you are looking to do a planted aquarium.
4	This is a pretty cool little store. They have both salt and freshwater fish, which is nice because right now I only keep freshwater. I was a little disappointed in the selection of fish as I prefer fish that don't look like fish (knife fish, eels, hatchet fish, etc), but they had an amazing variety of plants that all looked very healthy and were fairly priced. The employee that helped me was extremely helpful in both the selection of the plants and the care. He also gave me a few tips for my fish even though I didn't buy any fish there. It's a nice shop and I'll probably will be going back.
1	I like the quality over quantity approach. The tanks are nicely set up and clean. My fish are doing well other than a few missing scales from being taken from the display tank. Ive noticed they still sell deformed fish at full price though. One day I went in and it took over 20 minutes to get a simple yes or no question answered. The customer service was so bad I give them a 1 star review despite the quality. I won't be coming back.
5	Awesome place. The tanks are beautifully kept, the store is clean, and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Especially Donald! He answered my 101 noob questions politely and honestly. He helped me put together a tank that I am very pleased with. Which makes him a miricale worker because an employee from the ocean floor told me what I wanted to do was next to impossible. Donald can make your dreams come true! :) Thank you!!
5	Stopped in to check out the store for the first time, and was extremely impressed. All of the display aquariums were spotless and esthetically pleasing to the eye. Staff was very friendly and available for help. The selection of livestock was large, very health, and well maintained! Entirely an excellent experience!
1	Overpriced and slow service. Great selections in freshwater but go online if you can, it will save you time and money
5	Aqua touch is one of the best displayed reef stores i've seen. Very clean. Cool jelly fish displays. A little overpriced.
5	This store is hands down the cleanest and best fish store in Arizona.  I have never seen a fish with ich in any of there tanks. Pricing maybe a little more than others but I would rather have a healthy fish to introduce to my tank.
5	Awesome store maintained really well and through all the times I been here never seen a dead fish I got my first coral here and still haven't died verry nice coral to
5	I can't remember how long I have been going to this store quality cleanliness great customer service the absolute best in this industry in the valley there is not a store in the valley that comes close yes the prices are high but I get the best opportunity to inspect the fish I'm considering purchasing because the tanks are so clean and bright  but if you really think about it all these garage sale reefs stores or the other brick and mortar store's that are here today and closed in eight months
1	You may take this with a grain of salt, as this is simply my opinion.However, I am unimpressed with a store whose employees allow you enter with nary a greeting. And most of them were gathered by the front counter. Furthermore, they allow you to wander for nearly 30 minutes without even asking if you need any assistance.Honestly, I drove 30+ miles to go to what is purported to be the aquatic animal store that has the largest selection only to experience a dreadful customer service experience?Yes, I will give them kudos for the fact that their store is large, clean, and has a very large selection of product. But, if I can't even get any help with said product, what's the point?Nevertheless, I drove 48+ miles to visit a competitor, and had a wonderful experience in a smaller store. They got my dollars, and it was worth the drive.Then to top it all off, the same employees allowed us to leave without even saying anything. I hope that whatever topic of conversation they were having was so important that it took precedence over paying customers.I hope that they do improve their customer service in the future.However, I will not be returning, regardless of how large of an aquarium I get for our future homes.
2	AquaTouch is a cool place to visit. But most of the products are overpriced. For example if you want to buy a pack of 9L ADA Aquasoil, it will be $53 a pack as of today. But if you get it online, it will only be $30 plus shipping, which is about $10 cheaperAlso, the past couple times I went in to buy things, I felt so unwelcome because I was with my toddler son. Staffs will greet everybody else in the shop or those who walk in after us but my son and I, we were like invisible to them, and I didn't get any help until after I stood in front of the counter for 10 minutes. Seriously, they think every one who walks in with kids will be a irresponsible parent to let the kids run around the shop on his or her own and destroy everything. I really hope that they will improve their customer service in the future.
4	Awesome store. When you need to see the right way to do things in aquariums, aquatouch is the place to do it. Prices are good on some things and a little high, but overall an aquarium hobbyists staple.
2	They just lost my money cause no one would ask if I needed help. Waste of my time.
1	This place used to be the go to place in AZ even with their higher prices.The last two years have been bad for them. Employees that don't help and the ones that do flat out lie to your face.I was in the store to trade some SPS corals. Some frags where choice (cali tort full color 2-3 inches) other not so much but still nice (faded tri color acros resembling Garf Bonsai 3-5 inches faded from being under the colony but with bright tips and full flesh) and a very nice colony of Chong Bong Zoa (50+ heads).I was told the time before this that they were trying to get into more natural color corals (brown and tan). This time they didn't take any of my SPS because (from the same employee)Store: "we are moving away from SPS unless they have bright color".But didn't they say they were moving away from un-natural color coral last time I was inMe: Umm, "Did you see the Cali Tort frags (full bright color)?" Store: "Yes but we aren't going to take them." "We will take the zoa though." Me: "No, I'll just take everything home."Store: "We'll take zoa."I think the kid wanted to frag some for himselfMe: "No, I'll take everything home!" Why would I wanna give you a $5 per zoa piece that has 50 heads on it for $20? If you would take all the corals I brought today for $60-80 then I would say ok!"They Lost A Customer
