5	I drove my car from Los Angeles to Las Vegas.  My car already acting funny after I started about an hour.........It took more than 8 hours to go to Las Vegas. I didn't know where to bring my car but my fiend found this place.  He was Soooo helpful.  Now, my car run really good.Thank you very much SAMURAI MOTORS!!
5	Word of mouth!  That is the secret to finding this honest and competent mechanic.  I brought my car here for a second opinion on some recommended repairs that another shop wanted me to do.  And after looking under the hood, the recommended repairs was just the routine minor service plus replacing the hoses (reasonable given the age of the vehicle).  The cost of repair was reasonable, and the overall bill was hundreds less than what the competitor wanted me to pay.  This shop may not be well known on Yelp, but the 3-4 times that I have been here over the past year, the place is always busy.  Most of the customers are Japanese, as the mechanic is from Japan, and really knows his Japanese cars.Honesty, reasonable quotes and competent mechanic skills are reasons why you should check out this mechanic.
5	I was referred here from a friend, great mechanic and great, honest guy! I am a college student and was worried about getting ripped off or duped since I don't know that much about cars. The mechanic here was very straight forward and told me to only get the work done that was absolutely necessary, and didn't try to rack up my bill, he made my repairs affordable! Thank you so much Samurai Motors, this is the only mechanic I will come to in Las Vegas!
5	Was referred by a buddy of mine.  I had originally taken my car to the Mazda stealership in Henderson where a free inspection turned to "You have this and that wrong."  I was a little skeptical to their results as I had done research before through forums and saw one of the scam gimmies that they employ on the invoice.  Needless to say I didn't get anything done there.     When I arrived at Samurai, I met Yoshi, and explained to him the "recommendations" they had given me at Mazda.  He proceeded to inspect the car and told me I only needed an engine mount replaced and not any of the belts I was told needed replacing at Mazda.  I saved money and didn't get taken.  This dude is legit.  He's a unicorn, honest mechanics do exist.  And now he has a new customer for as long as I live in Vegas.Big ups Samurai Motors!!!
5	ok, SERIOUSLY, this guy is BY FAR the MOST HONEST mechanic i have EVER met. he was SOOOOO helpful, i couldn't believe it. He went above and beyond and his price was SO reasonable. after i left, i wish i had given him more! seriously. you have got a life long customer my friend, and i will tell all my friends about Samurai Motors. thank you very much.
5	Honest, helpful, and friendly.
5	I signed up here just to give Yoshi a 5 star rating for his great work and honesty! The cost is reasonable.  He did my brakes and changed oil in no time.  i will definitely recommend this guy.  He owns nice cars as well!
5	I took my car there for front end work.  A different shop had recommended work to fix the vibration at over a thousand dollars.  Yoshi took a look at it, and repaired the needed work at a fraction of the price.  Yoshi is the man and is a good HONEST mechanic.  I will take my car there for all needed work from now on.
5	My hubby had issues with his Lexus, and had been shopping around for weeks trying to find a respectable shop that knew their stuff and wouldn't completely break the bank. When he finally ended up finding a shop, it turned out that they did not do any work on after market cars, so they  recommended we see Yoshi.  Let me just say, Yoshi is awesome!! He MUST be the MOST HONEST mechanic I have ever met!He will tell you exactly what you need, shop around to get you the best possible and fair prices for parts, and get the job done. No hidden fees, or we should check this, this and that etc. He ended up telling us we didn't need half the stuff we were told we needed, and while working on the car Yoshi even ended up discovering something that the Lexus did need, notified us right away, and fixed it for no additional charge in labor. If my car ever has issues, this is where I am going!!!!
4	Service was fast, professional, pricing was right, and you can eat in the parking lot at one of the restaurants while getting your car fixed!
5	My wife's Mazda MPV minivan had some rough idling which got worse over a course of a week and then the dreaded check engine light came on. Though it was just the gas cap not tight enough. The RPMs are getting worse each day and decided to go to one of the Japanese car specialty repair shops but was told they were busy and won't be able to my wife's minivan until lunchtime and I was already there upon opening at 8am. Called Yoshi and was told to come to his shop at 10am and will take a look asap. Upon presenting him the codes that were pulled up for free at Autozone, he immediately proceeded to check the PCV hose and found that it was already almost melted and tried to remove the other part of it but since the space on the engine is narrow, he needed to take out the air intake flow hose and immediately called someone to order an OEM Mazda PCV hose since he is not able to replicate the hose due to different sizes from either ends of it. The PCV hose was delivered after about an hour or two then proceeded to replace it and showed me that the other end or part of the hose has a nickel sized hole in it and was creating a leak and affecting the O2 sensors in the process. Now the minivan drives just like almost brand new. The price I paid was very very reasonable and was expecting to pay so much more. It is a very good feeling to know that there are mechanics out there that have the passion for their profession and not out to rip people's wallets off just because they can. Will be coming in here from now on and at last found a mechanic I can trust.
5	I never write reviews but I felt the need to because it was the least I could do for this amazing place. I am from California and was leaving on a Sunday when my car wouldn't start. Not realizing how screwed I really was because EVERYWHERE was closed, I started to panic. I called his number and he technically was closed but said that he would wait for me and he did for about an hour. He told me what was wrong with it in about 2 minutes which coincided with my dads guess. He was more than willing to fix it then but he could only get the part from a store that was $100 more expensive and the quality was poor. We decided to book another night and wait till the next day. He offered to give us a ride to the hotel and did.  When I went to pick up the car the next day there ended up being a huge problem, The fan flew off and seriously broke tons of things in my car. One might think that he messed with it and it was his fault, but the part he replaced was in the back and my car had been driving funny for a while and he showed me and explained why it happened which completely explained the problem I'd been having. I have a BMW and parts are expensive and all I wanted to do was cry. I had no choice but to get it all replaced and he worked on it all day (I know because I had to wait cuz we had nowhere to go). He did everything he could, searching junk yards for parts and do anything to bring the bill down. He said he gave me a discount and When I reviewed the bill later saw he only charged me for 3.8 hours of labor which was crazy because he spent so much time on it and waited around the day before and gave us the ride. I never trust ANY mechanic and think they are all scammers but he is the exception. I'm the idiot who drove my car when I knew something was wrong but assumed it would be fine.My only complaint about this place is the location, I wish he was in California so I could have a mechanic I trusted. I got really lucky that this didn't happen on the freeway because things could be so much worst!! Anyways, I would give him 10 stars if I could, don't miss out on a good thing, good mechanics are rare!
5	My boyfriend and I drove to Vegas from San Francisco for a conference, and we knew there was something wrong with the radiator/water pump. We were hoping not to have to spend an extra few days ($$$) waiting for someone to fix it over the weekend. We brought it to Yoshi on Friday morning, grabbed lunch and a movie, and by 5pm our car was purring smoothly. Yoshi was fast, sweet, amazing, and did incredible work. We drove our car out of his shop and all the way to San Francisco, thanking our stars that we found Yoshi, and even that our car pooped out when it did. It would have cost 30% more if we had done it at home. We just hope whenever we need work done again we're in Vegas! THANKS YOSHI!!!!
5	FIRST... Thanks Tony T for the great find.Yoshi and the rest of the Samurai Motors crew are legit. I came here first because of something I saw in a local Japanese magazine and Tony T's review. In the magazine it said something like Yoshi was trained in Japan so of course specializing in Japanese cars, but I have seen bimmers here. $50 for a synthetic oil change (ENEOS 5W-30). That is seriously cheap. Eneos is quality Japanese REAL synthetic oil that sells for something like $40 for 5 quarts on Amazon. My car uses 6 & 1/2 quarts, plus factoring in the filter, the hour of labor, and disposal its not worth my time or saving me any money doing it myself. I have not had any problems with a leak and my car runs fine. I've had a few oil changes now with great success and zero complaints.Another time I had an issue with noise in my brake SM took a look and determine the other shop that did my pads put the clip incorrectly, fixed it and charged me nothing. Talk about honesty! The waiting room has tons of manga and (car) magazines (seriously tons, the bookshelf is about to break) for you to pass time. The only con I suppose is that the English barrier. While Yoshi speaks and understands English, its typical foreigner English and interactions, but the quality work makes up for the small con. Somewhere down the line I'm gonna need something major done (only because all cars require serious maintenance eventually) and I would not hesitate to take my car to Samurai Motors.
5	Outstanding customer service! I brought my mother-in-law's Mazda Protege in due to it running and idling really rough. Tsuyoshi diagnosed the problem with a quickness and ordered and received the parts the same day.He called me later in the day, I popped in to his shop and he swapped out the leaking vacuum lines and air intake in no time flat. Absolutely top notch and highly recommended!
5	I have such high standards for service and it's rare to give away 5 stars to anyone in the service industry. I came to Samurai Motors to have them check my car before we drive to Yellowstone on vacation.I've seen many mechanics, most in the San Francisco Bay Area, but Tsuyoshi-san (call him Yoshi? cool nickname) is the best in my 9 years of US residence. And that's not only because we share our native tongue, Japanese.When he saw my MINI Cooper, he immediately said I was lucky to have the base model, as he recently saw multiple incidents that transmission went wrong with the S models of the same production generation, which costs like $8k. I thought his expertise was Japanese cars but apparently not!It was within five minutes that he jacked up the car and spotted completely worn out brake pad and minor coolant leaks, and showed those problems to me. Phew! I mentioned that I was told to fix the suspension by the dealer, which I declined for a second opinion, but Yoshi bluntly said it's not necessary. His skill, confidence and honesty are all amazing.While repairing, he discovered the thermo housing was also worn out and had to be replaced. Saying, "I don't know why the manufacturer use plastic material for this part." and only charged additional $25 for that. Also showed the old housing to me pointing where it went wrong.After that, I even asked a dumb question - I had been feeling the gearshift was not smooth, and wanted to learn if it was normal. Right away, He drove around the block and said it was "normal pattern (can't translate exactly - "driving taste" if literally) observed for BMW production." There's nothing he can't answer!Brake pad: 87.36Brake roter: 78.85 * 2 = 157.70Labor: 85 * 1.6 = 136Thermostat: 46.44Antifreeze&Coolant: 25.45Labor: 85 * 1.6 = 136Total: $614.62Now I feel secure about the upcoming 1500 miles road trip. :)
5	Seriously Yoshi is the most honest and most awesome mechanic ive been to so far.  I take my 95 civic to him for everything....from oil changes to major things (ie rare main seal, brakes). I recommend him to everyone i come across if they have any questions about auto mechanics in vegas. His name is the 1st one i drop. Arigato Yoshi-san & Samurai Motors!
5	I must admit that I was hesitant at first since I have a bmw m3 and not a Japanese car.  I had a problem with my oil drain plug being stripped and other bmw shops wanted $1600 or more to replace the entire oil pan, and how potentially taking out the plug would take hours since it was stripped.  Yoshi saw the problem and took it out in 10 mins, rethread it and with a new bolt in total of 30 mins.  30 mins of labor was what he charged plus an oil change.  Very knowledgable and I will bring all of my cars there.  Thanks again.
5	Checked out this place based on the other reviews.Called at 11:30 am Tue to see about changing a Headlamp on my car.Also noticed that the Oil/Filter light needed to be addressed.I asked if I could set up an appointment for 1:30 pm.I got there a few minutes late.Owner was working underneath a car and came out to greet me.Checked out the type of headlamp I had to see if he had one in stock.Fortunately for me, he did (or he could have gotten one quickly from parts supplier).I had previously paid much more for my last headlamp. Well over $100 atoff brand repair shop.I got this one installed and in for $40.Oil and Filter change $60.I was in and out in 70 minutes.Way to go Tsuyoshi!Can go back to enjoying my Vegas nights now.See you again for next service!Definitely, I recommend this place!
5	CharlesLas Vegas, NVWhite 2011 Honda FItThis is where I always have my car oil change and maintained.I was fortunate to find this place. Honest Price, Very Professional. Outstanding customer service. QUALITY work !!!!Thanks Tsuyoshi !!!!
5	This place is awesome.  Went there for an oil change and while doing they so found a cracked vacuum hose that was throwing a CEL.  Definitely will be recommending this place to others!
5	Very honest and reliable.Prices are also very honest.Knowledgable and friendly as well!
5	We are in Vegas for the Labor Day weekend and our honda odessey's automatic sliding door fell off the hinge!  Luckily, samurai auto repair is open and we head over there.  Yoshi helps us immediately and tells us only Honda can really repair it but held able to secure the door correctly so we can safely drive back to Los Angeles. Once he's done, we ask how much for his time to repair it and he just waves is away and wishes is safe travels home!  What a genuinely nice guy. I wouldn't hesitate to come back or recommend him to my family and friends!!
5	Yoshi immediately makes you feel at ease and that your car is in good hands!!!I came in to get my Honda checked out before making the drive back to Southern California.  I was mainly concerned with an oil pan gasket leak that another mechanic had inspected at a different shop a few days earlier.I called around for parts and labor, and almost all of the auto shops I called (including a local Pep Boys) wanted to charge around $220...that's too much for a recent graduate such as myself! I'm looking for something fair and honest and I read through comments that Yoshi is fair, so I decided to give him a chance. I didn't know what to expect since I'm not from the Las Vegas area, but I'm so glad I came to see Yoshi!!! He tended to my car right away and told me his recommendations.  Yoshi did an inspection on my fluid levels, battery and anything else that a car might need in preparation for a long drive. I could tell he was being very honest and direct with me, which I totally appreciated :) The fact that he didn't charge me a dime for his time really says a lot about him and the high quality of work that he does.  I should have tipped him though!!I feel more confident now that I will be able to drive back to Southern California with no problems. Sure my car needs some work on it, but just getting to my destination (about 350 miles) should be no problem based on Yoshi's diagnosis of my car. I like that Yoshi was very honest and sincere.Thank you, fellow yelpers for recommending Yoshi! I will be returning for an oil change in the future and any future car needs!!
