3	Got a regular spa pedicure. I usually don't go to places that charge $25, but time was a factor. No complaints. Just still haven't found that diamond in the rough.
4	Was in town for the Baker to Vegas Challenge Cup Relay and had some down time between the relay meetings and awards ceremony.  Saw this place near my bank and decided to stop in for a mani pedi.  Very friendly.  I got lucky because right after I came they got busy with walk ins and a large party called and were told it would be an hour wait.  I have "issues" with 2 toes on my left foot.  I did not want to use the spa chair foot bath.  They did accommodate me and put in a portable spa bath for my feet.  I was a little embarrassed but not because of anything they said or did.  Got a gel manicure for my fingers.  It is just starting to grow out and I'm picking at it, but absolutely NO CHIPS.  Check this place out if you want to spend your money on your self and not on the tables or slots
4	I've been going to Daisy for 3years...Always a great pedicure and manicure....They do body waxing also...Very good prices
4	This place does a better job than my old place for half the price! My friend recommended Leyna and she is attentive and really sweet. She took extra time with my nails as not allowed gel anymore for work.One of the girls was cleaning everywhere when I arrived and the nail polish color selection is great. The big problem is location isn't most convenient. Maybe cause I was in a rush but no pedicure extras either... Boo!!!
1	I can't believe this really happened...Walked in to get a pedicure and the guy told me 10 minutes. Their first pedicure chair was being used by a customer with a gel pedicure, and after 10 minutes a nail tech showed me to the same first chair. It hadn't been cleaned so I asked her to clean if for me. She took the hose and spun it around the chair a couple times, then filled it up again. NO SOAP OR DISINFECTANT?! Absolutely gross and I had to walk out. When I told the man I had to leave, he didn't even try to stop me. Horrible customer service experience without even getting my nails done.
5	I have gone to this place 2 times so far. Both times have been a good experience. I got a pedicure with a guy named Brandon and he was great. The staff is friendly and the salon is clean. Keep in mind that you need cash to tip. They don't add it to your card. I will be going back.
