5	Here's the scoop...Picture it: This place is located near my house and the building had been empty for years (NOTHING had been able to stay in that building too long... Mexikenny's, Baracuda's, some steak-restaurant or whatever... you get the gist). However, yesterday I was driving to work and I noticed they had hanged a banner on the front of the building saying "Grand Opening!" with their name and I thought, "Hmm. Sounds interesting," so I told my family we should check it out for dinner that night (we like to support our fellow local small businesses).So we went there for dinner... Ohmygodddddd.Ah. May. ZING.No joke, THE BEST Mexican food that has ever passed my lips. I don't honestly like Mexican food, but-like most Southwesterners-I partake every once in a while... but El Rico's food converted me. Yes, I now am a Mexican food lover. I couldn't even tell you what was my favorite. All I know is they have a great grilled shrimp taco salad, awesome bean dip, and their guacamole? Bomb dot com. And it wasn't just the food that made this experience memorable and wonderful... They have great customer service and the inside decor makes you feel as if you're actually seated on a patio! SOO excited to have such a great family-run eatery nearby. Spread the word... El Rico's Dos Mexican Food! :]
3	Sort of a mixed bag here.  I'm trying to figure out what type of restaurant El Rico's is.  When you first walk in you get the whole Rubio's vibe with the whole go up and place your order and pay.  You then go sit down and it's full service from that point.  Hopefully they reconsider the go up and order thing because the work flow up there is terrible.  We had 4 families in front of us (not really that much), it took us 15 minutes (maybe a couple of minutes over) just to order.  Had it not been for Megan's 5 star we would have walked out.  Their menu is definitely a full service price so it'd be nice to just immediately sit down.  One other bad thing is the lady that took our order says that a bottle of beer is $4.50.  Way overpriced.... cut it to 3, still make a good margin, and actually have an alcohol business.  I ordered the burrito and taco combination plate.  Carne asada in the burrito and shredded chicken in the taco.  My girlfriend went for the enchilada plate with shredded chicken.  She was just so-so on the enchilada's  (I actually thought they were good).  The shredded chicken was well seasoned and also perfectly cooked.  A lot of times you suffer with dry chicken in an enchilada so I was pleasantly surprised.  The chicken in my taco was the same, good quality, perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned.  The carne asada meat was higher quality and cooked right, a good amount of char to the meat without over-cooking it. They appear to use lime as part of their marinade and it was overpowering towards the end. The burrito could have also been stuffed with more meat.  I'll say there is a better carne asada burrito just up the street that is cheaper...but hey, can't win em all. They do serve you chips and salsa and the salsa was pretty good. Half of the chips were undercooked, greasy and soft. Combinations come with beans and rice... beans were good (slightly under seasoned) and the rice was very good. Not clumpy at all.  They don't make their own hot sauce, only Tapatio.Decent patio with misters outside and the decor inside is sort of like a patio setup.... wooden drawers painted with old town Mexican style (and colors).  The seating is almost like a bistro patio set and not overly comfortable for girls wearing shorts (will leave the pattern marks on the back of your legs).  It's probably more of a 3 1/2 star for me.... somewhere in between so-so and good.  A place you'll probably find yourself at more than once, but won't really rave about it to your friends. A four star if it's around 15-18 bucks for two... a three star when it's around 25-30 bucks.
4	Was told by a friend that this was the best Mex in town. The hubs LOVES chips and sauce so we checked it out. It was obvious that they are new and have a few kinks to iron out but the food is not one of them.I ordered the quesadilla with fajita style pollo esado and he ordered fajita style carne asada tacos w/ rice and beans. Plenty of chips and sauce we delivered to the table and the chips were freshly made. Salsa was delicious and not too spicy. I'm sure it will only get better as they are open a while longer. I will def. go back and also tell my friends about it.
5	Love this place! Everything is so fresh.  I think they should be up for best tacos in the valley.  I would give everything I've tried so far a 4 or 5 star except for their carne asada, while not bad just okay.  Also, not a fan of ordering at the counter but that's just a small knock.  The warm fresh  chips are excellent (what ever happened to warm chips at most places?) The mild sauce is wonderful but their hot sauce is awesome!  The enchilada sauce has a very light and homemade taste, the beans are creamy and flavorful.    We will keep coming back.
5	Simply awesome.  We ate there on a Tuesday (Taco Tuesday) and it was also during happy hour.  Before tax and tip, our family got the following for $26:5 Tacos (4 chicken and 1 shredded beef)4 Beers (2 Bud Lights and 2 Negra Modelos)1 large side of Beans1 large side of Rice3 TortillasBottomless chips and salsaSo, the price was right.  How about the food?  Well, these may have been the best tacos I have ever had.  The taco shells were perfectly cooked, crispy and flavorful.  Chicken was juicy and perfectly seasoned.  Outstanding.  Beans, rice, etc. were all good.  And the standard salsa is great.  Many restaurants can't get the salsa recipe quite right (and I'm sure this salsa won't be in everyone's taste), but this stuff is darn good.  Spicy, full of flavor, and never-ending.Service was attentive and friendly, and the restaurant was 3/4 full.  As others have mentioned, you initially order at the window, but it is full service from that point on.  They have a patio that I'm sure would be sufficient when it's not 112 degrees outside.  Decor is understated, but very colorful and pleasant.There was a severe lack of non-chain mexican restaurants in northwest Gilbert and the surrounding area.  No longer is this the case.  I really, really hope people give it a chance and that it can stick around for a long time to come.  It's that good, and a welcome addition to Gilbert dining options.  Highly recommended.
5	Family owned and operated and you can certainly tell.  The food was over the top Delicious and the family atmosphere made it all the better.  I ordered the enchilada with a taco.....perfect!  i can't tell you how many Mexican restaurants I go to that "say" they are authentic and then to be fully disappointed.  You won't find that here...Nope, it's amazing!  Can't wait to go back again!
5	I've been here twice in just a week since finding this great restaurant. This is a family owned restaurant that serves good, high quality food. The shredded beef tacos are amazing and the asada rocks.When you first sit down you will be treated to freshly cooked tortilla chips and some really tasty salsa. The salsa isn't too spicy but has a great flavor. If you are adventurous like I am, ask for their HOT salsa, which is a combination of habaneros, ghost chilis and jalapenos all roasted and blended up into a sauce that will set your hair on fire. Mix the hot and mild together to come up with your own custom combination. For me, the re-fried beans are the way to determine the authenticity of a Mexican restaurant and the beans at El Rico's are some of the best I've had. You can taste the hint of smokey bacon and the texture and the spices are just right... Fantastic!!
3	Great Service.  You can tell they really take pride in their establishmentBUT...the food is not something i would recommend given the other options in the area. I would likely go back for happy hour only, and stick to the cheese crisp and ghost chili salsa(both good).  Beer is cold.For really good mexican food i am sticking with Si Senior, El Charro and Elmers Tacos.
2	We went to ricos today for lunch... My boyfriend had been to the one in QC and didnt remember much about his experience, so we decided to try again.When we walked in I noticed the AWFUL paint peel off the bare walls... I know for a fact that the paint was there from the previous restaurants... Let's change it up a bit. It obviously worked out for them. The building it self was hot and sticky like the AC wasn't working/turned on. Gross. For just the two of us it cost us $30 with no booze (tip included). Normally that doesn't bother me, I don't mind playing for quality. However when i have to walk up to a counter to place an order like I'm at McDonald's it does. Right off the bat i had a bad feeling about this place... From this point the food better be good. I got the chicken chimi and the boy got the combo with a taco and a steak burrito. We sat down and were given chips and salsa. Not bad. In my opinion it was bland and I like a little kick in my Mexican food. When our food arrived it looked awesome, so we dug in. My boyfriend said his shredded beef taco was delicious. Unfortunately the rest of the good fell flat. Everything was bland and by no means authentic. I think what i was most upset about is the store bought guacamole... It was obvious and disgusting. Guac is sooo simple to make!! I was actually really disappointed in this place. This is a white mans Mexican restaurant. I recommend the filibertos  in the next lot over. Better price and better flavor. The only saving grace for this place is the staff. The man behind the counter was incredibly helpful when we were ordering and lady helping us on the floor was very attentive and accommodating. It's not her fault a Mexican restaurant is OUT of their hotter salsa.
2	Extremely friendly staff tacos are good. That's it! Processed guacamole, bland salsa, carne asada, bleh! Awful! Please put some flavor into your food.
5	My husband and I went to El Rico's tonight - searching for something new {and praying for something yummy}.  We have passed by El Rico's a few times since we live in the Islands and decided tonight would be a great evening to try it out.It was obvious that the restaurant had been renovated in the last few weeks.  So in regard to any post about paint peeling and bare walls - you need not worry.  The ambience is very nice and feels very authentic.  El Rico's has a nice outside patio, and since tonight was one of the first cool evenings this fall, we took full advantage.I ordered the #2 combo - Taco and Tostada, and my husband had two taco's {one shredded beef and one shredded chicken}.  Both of us had margaritas - and we only spent $25!!  The chips were sooo good - and the taco's were incredible!!  We decided we will definitely be going back for Taco Tuesday.  The margaritas were very good as well.  I was afraid it might be a weak margarita - but it absolutely wasn't.  I am an Arizona native, and my grandfather was 100% hispanic, so I am used to good mexican food.  This did not disappoint.  The food was not spicy {which is absolutely okay}, but did have GREAT flavor.The only tiny criticism I had was the service.  I hesitate even saying anything because the servers were awesome.  The only challenge is that they were so busy, that they probably could have used another server on staff for the evening.  The owner was out helping bus tables and serve food, something that I always appreciate seeing.  Our food came out fast, and hot.  You could just tell that the staff was VERY busy... which isn't a bad thing for a new restaurant.
4	What a fantastic place! This was my first time and certainly not my last. Tacos are so tasty and enchiladas (chicken and ground beef) were YUMMY. Their chips and salsa are also good!The service was top notch. In fact, it made my day. It was great to sit out on the patio with a cold beer and not feel rushed. Looking forward to another great meal there!
4	We'd heard that this place was really tasty, but learned that the original location had shut down recently.  We found their second location and gave it a try.It ended up being so good that we went twice in one week while visiting the area. We had a chicken quesadilla both times and on one trip added a large nachos with chicken.  Great flavor, good-sized portions, good value.Would have been a 5-star rating had our server not forgotten our drinks and had the restaurant been cleaner during our first visit.  We were directed to sit anywhere we liked, but it took us a while to find a clean table even though there were only two other tables occupied.
5	El Rico's Dos is a perfect example of what traditional Mexican cuisine should be. They offer all of the everyday Mexican dishes like enchiladas, tacos, chimichangas and anything else you can think of. I haven't found one item on the menu I don't like.Their chips and salsa are delicious and bottomless. One can get carried away if not careful :] If you like salsa with a kick ask for a side of their hotter salsa. It packs a real punch. They offer an array of bottles beers along with a selection of fine tequilas for margaritas or on the rocks if thats what you like.Also if you decide to stop by on a Tuesday they have a special including $2 tacos and/or Tecates. You can't go wrong with this incredible deal. Their shredded beef and chicken tacos are excellent. This establishment is very family oriented and the owners care deeply about customer experience and satisfaction. So don't be surprised if Rich the founder of El Rico's Dos stops by your table to ask how everything is. In conclusion this restaurant is by far one of the best Mexican joints I have visited. I have never had a bad experience here and I most likely never will. P.S. Their Queen Creek location has recently closed down but this location serves everything the other one did if not more.
4	1st time ever to El Rico's Dos & we loved it!  The food was great, the service was awesome, great atmosphere, &  we loved the decor.  Found out about El Rico's Dos from our dining rewards program we are excited to return and bring our friends.  The green sauce is amazing, portions are large, & everything tasted home made.
4	Have  been here twice now.  went for lunch and enjoyed the great $3.99 lunch special burrito.  just right amount of food and can't beat the price.  Went back for dinner and service was a little off, took quite a bit to get the food out. Know they were busy and doing a lot of take out orders.    Love the green chile here, and love love love the hotter sauces you can get on request.
5	I have been to many mexican food places and this is quite far the best. The owner strives to make his food as authentic as it can get and I praise him for that. The ambience is the room is comforting, there's always music playing for guests seated at tables, lots of space, friendly customer service, fair prices, and quick service. You can literally close your eyes and randomly choose an item off the menu and you will not be disappointed. I had the privilege to taste the shrimp tacos which were delicious, the quesadilla's which were bomb, and their carne asada burrito's which is the best I have ever sampled, also their horchata's are great. I know carne asada fries isn't real Mexican food but man I wish they had it on the menu, I could only imagine how tasty El Rico's can make it and did I mention their sauce is perfect? I will definitely return when ever I am in Arizona.
4	Another great meal at El Rico's. I had the flautas and my husband had the tacos.  Best chips - I could go there just for this reason. We really enjoy their normal salsa... aren't too impressed with their "hot" salsa. I really enjoy spicy salsa, and I found this tone rather bland and not that "hot".  Thankfully their normal salsa is exceptionally good!!
4	Just had a fantastic dinner here.  It was Taco Tuesday so I tried one chicken and one shredded beef taco. The meat was marinated and slow cooked to moist, juicy perfection.  Oh, and the chips and salsa were perfect. The chips were light and crispy and the salsa had just the right amount of heat with a wonderful fresh tomato and smokey flavor. Yummy chips, salsa and $2 tacos and beer? Yep, my new favorite mexican restaurant. One last thing, the service was great! Ramon was friendly and made great recomendations, plus he kept asking about refils and freash beers. This place is well worth a look.
5	I had purchased a Groupon for this restaurant, decided to buy it about 20 minutes before time ran out, and I am so GLAD I did.  Now I have lived in Arizona all my life, from the Globe/Miami area, and I have had more Mexican food than any other kind when it comes to restaurant food.  It's my favorite and I'm pretty easy to please.  I give most mexican restaurants are a 3 or a 4 rating, probably closer to 4.  This one far exceeds most of them.  I rated a mexican restaurant last week a 5, as it was very good and customer service was great.  This place, customer service was great as well, but the food, oh, the food.  I'm serious, at least the top 3 of the best I've ever had.  I would rate it a 10 if I could.  I had a chili verde burrito with beans and cheese added in and my daughter had the carne asada nachos.  Mine came with rice and beans.  Rice and beans were very good.  So many times rice in mexican food restaurants has no flavor.  This time the flavor was great.But what really set this place apart was the meat.  My pork was so tender and flavorful, not sure what they cooked it in, but I am still thinking about that meal today.  And Megan's beef on her nachos had that same wonderful flavor and was every bit as tender.  I would love to get the recipe for whatever they marinade their meat in.   The toppings on Megan's nachos were very generous, lots of cheese, sour cream and guacamole on the side, pico de gallo too, which was great.  I asked for a sample of some of the hot sauce they had and our waiter came out with 3 shot glasses with hot sauce in them so I could try a few different ones.  This experience was top notch from start to finish.  Restaurant was clean and nicely decorated too.  I didn't go in bathroom, only thing I didn't check out.See you soon, Rico!
5	Ah-mayyyyy-zing food! I love this place. We were regulars at the Queen Creek location. We went once or twice a month and never had a bad meal. I would go just for their chips and salsa alone - they're home made and delicious. But everything else is great too. I'm addicted to the shredded beef tacos. And the nachos are incredible. And the restaurant itself was beautiful, especially in the spring with the scent of orange blossoms in the air. We were completely bummed when we arrived one night to eat and found it closed down. Then a few weeks/months later we happened to be driving down Elliot Road and we saw the El Rico's sign - woohoo!! Since then, we've been just a few times as it's a bit of a drive. But we go every chance we get, and the food is just as amazing as it was at their Queen Creek location. The new restaurant is quite nice, kid-friendly, with a patio and live music sometimes. And the service is friendly and welcoming. We're so happy to have found the new location. I would recommend El Rico's to anyone.
3	I really wanted El Rico's to be great!  The good points were the rice and the smooth, creamy beans.   The chips were deliciously light.   Service was attentive and prompt.  The only problem was that all the foods were too salty.  I am one who usually puts salt on the bowl of chips in a Mexican restaurant---and also the first in our party to remark on the saltiness.   Even the entrees were too salty.     I have heard that the crispy tacoes are fabulous----so I WILL return....but....please....cut down on the salt in your recipes!
5	Love this place!  I don't know how they cook their meat, but the shredded beef is to die for.  So tender.  I love the chips and salsa and can't stop at 1 bowl.  Adorable patio.  Great service!  We placed a large order for tamales during the holidays and were not disappointed.
5	Been there many times, and the quality is consistently great.  Had a shredded chicken chimichanga, enchilda style (red sauce) the last time we were there, and it was amazing.  That sauce.... so flavorful.  Just perfect.They've also really done a nice job of redecorating and redesigning the interior space.  They've now added a bar (you can eat at the bar if you so choose) and often have a guitarist playing during dinner.  They've colored the walls, and it's a really nice atmosphere.Great stuff still.  We try to go often, as we really, really, really want this place to stick around for a long time.  My wife and I, and our two girls, all love it.  I thought it was perfect the first time I went, and it somehow keeps getting better?  They're working hard to improve all the time, which is fantastic.Check it out if you haven't yet.  Highly recommended.
4	I am upgrading my rating!  The first time I was there everything was way too salty, but they were so nice, and they told me they are "known for their hard tacos."  So---I went back for takeout and got hard tacos.   They were OUT OF THIS WORLD!  Crispy, flavorful, and delicious.  I will go back!
5	Yummmmmmmmmm!!!! Great food, good taste, awesome service, cold beer, free taco for checking in on yelp, beautiful sounding guitar player. Very good environment, this place has it all. I LOveD it! Gotta try it!
5	I found this restaurant thanks to Groupons and so glad I came.  Its a small colorful restaurant with delightful Mexican music playing in the background.  I was greeted immediately when I came.  I went to the order counter, checked out the menu ( affordable but limited to normal Mexican favorites) and selected the shredded chicken soft tacos a'la carte.  Zac, my waiter seated me with an option of seating inside or on the outside patio.  The outside area equally charming and colorful with misters, which are great on this hot day.  In less than 2 minutes, Zac brought me my drink ( a soda)  and fresh chips with hot & mild salsa. Though I think on my next visit I may need to bring a friend (driver), to have one of their skinny margarita, which sounded great. Ten minutes later he brought me my tacos. Which were fantastic.  Yes taco can be fantastic, fresh, moist, and flavorful. Not that Im a taco expert by any means but I know what I like. The staff was friendly, personable and consistently showed a sense of urgency with every table. I will be definitely back and can't wait to try other items on the menu.  I would highly recommend this place to everyone.
4	We recently tried this place, during lunch.  The crunchy tacos are really good.  The rice and beans are so so.  Haven't tried the Ritas yet.
5	Hadn't heard of El Rico's, but got a Groupon, and went for lunch today.  It's a counter-style restaurant, where you place your order, then take your number to your table, where you are served. My wife and I both had a carne asada chimi - it was great!  Very fresh, and the meat was great - flavorful, lean.  They have good salsa, great (freshly made) chips.  Service was friendly.  I will definitely come back!
3	Biked here on a Friday afternoon with the hubby.  The chips and salsa were awesome.  Aside from that, I wasn't that impressed.  First off, it could be due to the fact I didn't realize that I could order my chicken taco grilled and it came shredded.  I'll probably try here again just because its so close and since moving out here, haven't found good salsa anywhere else.If your like me, just make sure you order the chicken grilled.  I'm def not a fan of shredded.
4	I would eat here every day if I could. This is the place for you if you enjoy good Mexican food. After the few times I have been here I have tried a few different things and everything has been just as great as the last. Join their text club for great deals! The Rita's are amazing! El Ricos, Ill see you next Friday!
5	They are closed and I am sad.  Wonderful restaurant, first rate customer service, and food was the best.
5	They have closed.  There is a sign in the window saying they haven't paid rent and on their web site they also say they are closed.  I am surprised because when I spoke with the owner a couple of months ago he said that they were running at a profit only 8 months after opening.  We loved this place.  Hope they open nearby and soon.
