4	If you're looking for some new artwork for your home then have a look in Edinburgh Arts and Picture Framers. I've walked past this branch on Nicolson Street 100's of times and there's always something in the window that catches my eye.They have something for everyone, really. Animal prints, watercolours, prints of Edinburgh and more abstract paintings too. The ones of Edinburgh are particularly interesting and it's cool to see prints of familiar landmarks and places.As a huge cat lover, I was impressed with the cute as a button cat prints that they have on offer and I would love to have one of them hanging on my wall. When I get my own place (hopefully soon) I will definitely come back here and get a beautiful print to brighten up my home.
5	If you're looking to buy a picture without spending too much money and want a picture that either a bit different and a bit special or something specifically Scottish or of Edinburgh then this is the place to come.All the pictures on offer from here are fantastic and it's well worth following the link to check them out as I won't be able to do them justice with any attempted descriptions.What makes this place so special is the fact that you can buy framed pictures that will be recognised as a bit different for reasonable prices.  This means that you can have some of the very best Scottish art on your wall for a fairly limited amount of expense.
3	I came here once upon a blue moon to get a former flatmate of mine a birthday present. He is a bit obsessed with Superman you see, and obsessed is even too quiet a word to describe his affection for the flying superhero. Edinburgh Arts & Picture Framers had a few that I'd spied on my way to Bristo Square, massive comic book stills in basic frames and at a reasonable price. Reasonable, that is, if you get everyone to chip in a tenner. The only reason I'm not that impressed by this shop is that they sell really basic stuff. Nothing at all shocking or all that interesting either: I mean, they have your framed Van Gogh posters, and your framed Klimt alongside uninspiring portraits of Edinburgh. I'm not sure how they are as framers, though I'm sure they do a good job, but the artwork itself is just not that compelling (in the sense that it's all been seen and done before).
