5	Pop up coffee shop & tea on the side.. Decorating's a bit sparse but the super friendly barista & fantastic coffee are well worth the visit.Different bean & roaster every weekend, great for trying something new!
5	I have to credit Caz for introducing me to Lock Up Coffee, which is a fantastic new popup shop hidden away just off Broughton Street. I love what they represent: good people who know their coffee and want to spread their love of enjoying and exploring different coffees from different roasters and regions of the world!Each week they choose a different roaster and bean to feature. This means that they focus on exploring something new each week, but it also means that there is just one type of coffee each week, either with or without milk.Last week I stopped by with Caz to check this place out but I didn't have any coffee since I was already coffee-d out for the day and it was late in the afternoon. The place intrigued me, though, with its bare-bones minimalistic surroundings. It is basically a popup coffee stand and seats in a clean and tidy garage. The decorations and furniture are indeed sparce, but this is part of the whole ambiance here. I particuarly liked the 'loyalty card' which is an actual wooden door where you write your name with permanent marker and start a tally next to your name. I'm not sure if you actually get anything from the loyalty card, but then again just having your name on the door is something in itself. I also quite liked the dartboard.Today after brunch in the area I brought Mason and Tanja to check out this new place since I thought they'd love it (and had persuaded them after going on about this cool popup coffee place. Today I had the 6oz coffee with milk (as did Mason) and the guy brewing them up for us was chatty and really friendly. He made adorable and different designs on both of our coffees, too. After taking my first sip, I knew this was good stuff! It was delicious, rich and just plain amazing.Lock Up Coffee basically says 'here we are, we love what we do.' I love that they are quirky and different, and I do think they do a great job. Although they only offer minimalist coffee options, the quality of the beans and brews are superb and that does it for me. I will keep coming back to try the new brews each week when I can!Do note that they are only open 10am - 4pm on Saturdays and Sundays, but will be open all week long during the festival. It's also cash only.
5	Pop-up coffee shop...A hidden hole in the wall...Weekends special treat!
5	A most welcome addition to the coffee scene in Edinburgh.  A weekend only pop up, Lock Up Coffee serves a new & exciting roast every week, so you are always going to taste something different from a variety of roasters. Owned & run by the crew from Freemans, they bring their expert knowledge to the Broughton area.The blank space works well, helping to showcase the coffee and they are currently partnering with Pekoe Tea to offer some delicious blends to Edinburgh Tea lovers.They have a fun & quirky reward system whereby you write your name on a board and get a free coffee after a certain amount of cups bought.As with Freemans, the service is always super friendly.A great place to go for a superb cup of joe while perusing the shops of Broughton street.
5	Check out this place if you like coffee - it's a must! Bear in mind they are only open sat And Sundays 10-6 - maybe open weekdays during festival?Lovely beans from a roastery that's in Scotland this week.  The beans change every week, so a different tasty coffee everytime you go!Please note it does not have a toilet as it's set up in a garage.
5	Loved it - we sought out an independent, hole-in-the-wall, and this place is a weekend only joint stationed in a garage.  Super nice barista and good coffee.  Highly recommended.
