5	When our home washing machine broke and a spare timer had to be ordered, we were faced with a month-long laundry hiatus.  Looking online, we found Sparaklean not too far from home.  The experience was terrific:  Helpful and friendly staff, lots of clean modern machines of various sizes, clean facility, free wifi.  We brought LOTS of laundry and were through in an hour and a half.  Even when the home washer is fixed, we plan to come back to do larger items.
5	I have been using Sparklean Laundry for the past year.  I have a high end vacation home in Glendale and have all my high thread count duvets, shams, linens, blankets and spa robes laundered and dry cleaned and could not be happier.  Ben is very easy to work with and always goes out of his way to make sure my laundry is perfect every time.  My guests have commented on how fresh and clean everything is.  I am very happy I found Sparklean Laundry and highly recommend them.Patricia T
5	As a small business owner, service and honesty is very important. I found Sparklean Laundry over a year ago when my business needs changed and I found myself needing hundreds of sheets washed every week. Ben, the owner, was the only laundry service that actually called me back in a timely manner and his prices were competitive. I have loved using them! Ben is great to work with because you can tell that he cares about his business. I have never had any problems with his staff or drivers and if there are any sheet issues, Ben is always quick to resolve them. My clients frequently comment about how fresh the sheets smell and how clean they feel. AmandaSimple Cure Massage Therapy, Mesa, AZ
2	Fine
5	Working with Ben and the Sparklean Laundry team was an absolute dream!!  They assisted us in setting up bi-weekly pick-up laundry service for an employee with 7 foster children.  The laundry was always returned on-time, and came back folded and sparkling clean, which was a feat considering that we asked them to provide a large scale service so often.  Ben was easy to work with and accommodated all of our requests.  We couldn't have asked for a better set-up and are beyond appreciative of his services.  I 100% recommend using Sparklean Laundry for all of your laundry services and needs.
5	Wow what a treat coming here. Ben and his staff have provided me with superb customer service. You would think they never have a bad day because everyone has such great spirits and sweet smiling faces. I brought my stained white blanket here  and I can't even see that there was ever a stain. They did a beautiful job!  Thank you all for your excellent service!
5	Sparklean is fast and super professional and Ben is GREAT to work with. I recommend them to anyone.
