2	Who needs crunchy, fresh popcorn when you can come here for stale, rubbery and tasteless at premium prices?I was so excited to have a movie theater arrive on my side of town.  Previously, I had a choice to go either to Arrowhead (30 minutes away on an average day) or Tolleson (30 minutes on an average day) so imagine my glee at reading about this place in the papers.So how can a theater get two stars?1.  Aforementioned popcorn2.  More expensive tickets ("because of the price of gas" says the manager even though Harkins is still cheaper)3.  More expensive snacks and drinks4.  Incredibly loud slide projector with 5 different slides on it5.  Sound lacking in quality to Harkins6.  Employees that seem a little lost themselves7.  Matinees go until 4pm unlike Harkins' 6pm8.  Lack of inventory (for a new theater?)Even the employees  were miffed about the fact that they were out of caramel popcorn a week past opening.I would rather drive the extra minutes to get always fresh (free with my t-shirt) popcorn and $1 (with my nifty cup) drink from Harkins.My neighbor has gone at least twice to the theater and says she herself has had to deal with stale popcorn on both occasions.Needless to say I really was not impressed with our theater and am one Surprise-ian still begging for a Harkins or a likeness thereof.Forgive me O Harkins for any negative thoughts I harbored for you before.
4	For a brand new theatre Ultras Star seems very old school.  I suppose we are spoiled by the treat of having AMC and Harkins create "luxury" theatres to spoil us.  Truly - have you seen movie theatres in the rest of the country?  We have it good!Anyway, I had heard that it was more expesnive than Harkins and AMC...which was said for me.  I worked at a movie theatre my 16th through 18th years.  It took me years to get used to even paying for movies, let alone paying close to $10.  However....and this is a BIG however...the movie theatre is all digital.  It makes a difference in the quality.  Immensely.  The picture was wonderful.  I would guess that digital is the extra you get for $9.75 (which really is just a bit more than the other two).I did notice the concession stand prices were high too...but concessions aren't my thing, so it didn't bother me.What else...ample parkingfriendly cashiermovable arm restsDo you think if I check "No" on the Good for kids box it will keep people from taking their infants to the movies?  Or taking 3 year olds to 9pm Friday showings of rated R movies?  Sigh.  Probably not.
2	I really do not like this theatre, but I keep finding myself going back there time and time again.  This is clearly a love hate relationship, or as Dane Cook would say, a relationshit.  So why do I keep going back?  Well, they are close to me.  I can practically walk to this theater and sometimes that just trumps going to Harkins Arrowhead or Deer Valley 30.  The problems with this theater in order of severity:1.  They charge California prices.  They are way too proud of their tickets and that is what is keeping this theater half full all the time.2.  Their food quality is on the extreme low side.  Seriously, every item is just "off".  Be it the popcorn, the stale nachos, or the $4.00 small cup slushies...it just is not good.3.  Their food is pricey.  Way too expensive for the quality experienced.4.  The seats and theaters are just kind of "bleh...."So despite all this, I will most certainly be back, but I will grumble the whole time.  : )
3	I was hoping I would like this theatre a lot more than I do.  They have some awesome things going for them.  First off, they have installed the new D-Box seats in one of their theatres, and I was lucky enough to be one of the few to experience it for the first time.  It's one of only two theatres in the nation to carry these action-seats.  That's a big plus to me.  I love the moving movie posters that show mini previews of the movies instead of just a giant printed poster.  I also really like the interaction of staff with the patrons.  Before each movie an usher comes in an introduces himself and the movie.  That's a nice old-school touch.  I find the picture quality to be pretty top-notch and the sound is great too.  I realize other theatres in the valley carry better technology in terms of sound and picture, but only in one or two screens, not the whole complex.  The bathrooms are nice and they have the Dyson Blade.  I squealed with excitement when I saw that.Unfortunately, the good stuff stops there.  The lobby in this place is very small and gets crowded very easily.  It kind of has a po-dunk feel about it.  The tickets are purchased inside and that causes a lot of backup.  The concessions and arcade games are right beside the ticket purchasing area, so you can see where the crowd comes from.  The tickets are taken at the tiny entrance to hallway where all the theatres are.  This causes a big back-up as the only place for people to exit is also the only place for people to enter.  I'm not sure why other reviewers are complaining about ticket prices.  They seem pretty average to me, with the exception of the D-Box seats, which will set you back about 18 bucks for an adult.  It's worth it.  I have heard that UltraStar is planning on opening other theatres in Arizona, so it will be interesting to see if they improve their model.  I think the main issue is that UltraStar doesn't quite understand that Arizonans have nothing to do but go to movies, so we need bigger/roomier theatres.
2	Not really a fan at all.  It's great for those of you on the WestSide but it is a long drive from the center of the city.  That's not the theatre's fault, but it is an annoyance.  The positives: they have Dbox seats which are totally worth the money.They have WhiteCastle burgersThe negatives:The tickets are weirdThe food is overpricedThe hallway is narrow and gets crowded when there is a movie with a line.The "all digital" projectors are nice but they are not High Def.  They are just digital.  That means you don't get any of that film grain or the pops that celluloid has...but you still get the same quality picture.  HighDef is the way to go and, as far as I know, Harkins is the only ones with it.The
4	We've seen a lot of movies at this theatre in recent month and figured it was time to give my two cents.  For one it's no AMC or Harkin's but I don't see that as a bad thing.  although the layout and some of the scale and grandeur experienced at some other AZ megaplexes is lost.  After a quick walkthrough of this theatre you will quickly realize that the entire facility is state of the art.  The movie posters are actual LCD's that move and change, the bathroom has a hand dryer that's revolutionary. Even the vending machine that I paid a 500% markup for a bottle of water had a robotic arm scan and pick my beverage.(when did we decide that  twist... thud!!! wasn't good enough)All the movies are presented in what I think they call Pure Digital, which I don't know what it is, but it looks and sounds phenomenal.  An Usher comes in to every theatre before the movie and introduces the movie which gives it a very personal touch.  And they have these new seats that they can't stop talking about and would try them if not for the fact that the ad they use shows a wave moving across the ass of the seat.I can't speak for the food because I don't go to the movie theatre to eat, If I wanted to pay 5 times the price for seven eleven food I'd (actually I don't know where I'd go, that's just kind of a shitty practice in the industry)overall the seats are comfortable, the presentation quality is good, the movies tend to start on time with most of the previews shown before start time (genious).  This theatre is different but so far hasn't deceived me.
4	In spite of the prior reviews on UltraStar, I actually liked it.To me, Harkins and AMC are just way too much... too franchise-ish.  UltraStar is not like that, it's more personal, old-style moviegoing where the usher comes in right before the feature presentation and introduces the movie, explains the DBox seats (which I have yet to enjoy at this point), makes some witty comment and then leaves stating to contact him if there are issues.That's nice.  At AMC and Harkins you don't have that, and there you always have some asshole jumping on the cellphone interrupting things or a screaming child and you have no idea who to talk to politely so you are rude to the jerk who had the audacity to keep kicking your chair instead.The bathrooms are clean with automatic water, dryers and toilets.Love walking down the hallways and seeing the moving movie posters.Also, the fact that ALL of their concession stands are open, rather than like AMC who usually only runs the main stand, is great.  Prices suck though... $4.50 for a bottle of water is OUTRAGEOUS.Sound and quality of the movie is great, haven't seen any problems.I look forward to trying the DBox seats soon!
4	Not bad for a megaplex in the northwest part of the Valley.  I took my nephew to go see "Ice Age 3: Dawn of the Dinosaurs".  He liked it.  UltraStar theatres do cater to children (especially on Saturday mornings).The lobby is decent, with concessions, indoor ticket booth (because it's Arizona), little arcade, and a movie seat sample area that shows trailers for the new Harry Potter movie.  The stadium seating reminds me of the AMC theatres, but what do you expect from an new theatre?  Also, the bathrooms have the new Dyson hand dryers.I've heard people complain about the snacks.  Advice...go to-the nearby Country Kitchen-the Safeway shopping center across Waddell (with the McDonalds and Taco Bell).-the Fry's nearby (with a Sonic).
4	Of course I'm a fan. There are NO OTHER THEATERS within a decent distance of this place! I'm just glad they're there. Good things: 1. Rarely a crowd. 2. Tuesdays = $5.50 all-day movies. 3. D-Box available, if so desired (not a big fan but nice to know it's there)4. Parking is never a problem. Not-so-good: 1. Popcorn is meh here. BYOR (refreshments). They don't look too hard. 2. Really, that much for a super-far wesside theater? Don't you guys want to draw more business during a recession? The first-showing and matinee prices are 'ok' but c'mon... All in all, it is an acceptable theater experience. What's really nice is that when the kid screaming behind me poops his/her pants, I don't have to think "... and I drove how far for this?" Sad, but true.
5	Ok, i admit, I don't go to that many movies (too cheap, i just netflix everything), so is my 5 star review true? probably not, but this is probably the best movie theater I have been to. (I have only been to 2 here in the Phoenix area, and I used to live in Del Rio where there is only 1 theater within a 60 mile radius,so what do i know?) For one thing, the movies are cheap. I am military so it's $5.50 every day, anytime of the day, sweet. I am too cheap to buy food at the theater, so can't comment on that.They have really comfy seats, you know, the high back, cushy rockers. They have all digital screens and sound, think Blu-Ray at the theater. They have a ton of stalls in the bathrooms so you never have to wait (and they have those cool dyson hand dryers to eliminate paper towel waste). Pretty much only old people that live in Surprise and Sun City come here so you don't have to worry about screaming babies. (but do watch out in the parking lot so you don't get hit by a 89 year-old in a cadillac). I will pretty much only come here for movies from now on, i can't go back to watching regular movies where you can see the little glitches and spots due to poor film quality.
1	We attended the Avatar 3D in theater 14 New Years Day and, along with another couple, were disappointed everything seemed blue/green...then that night, they showed a clip on the news and the flowers, the scenery had vivid colors...we emailed UltraStar Customer Service thinking they had faulty projection equipment...got no reponse..my wife called the local theater and was asked if she had the 3D glasses on "backwards"  How does one put on glasses backwards??? They were going to look into it and get back to her and didn't..Bottom line:  Hawkins Theaters for us...better customer service and it's less expensive, too.
2	This review is being written after contacting Ultra Star via email and not receiving any response to our complaint.  That was 3 weeks ago.I can't complain about the movie portion of Ultra Star, that's not the problem... the problem is with their concessions.  We were there on a Monday for a 1pm showing and it wasn't busy at all.  There were three customers in front of us and one person working the counter.  We were patient for awhile but after over 15 minutes we were starting to get a little frustrated.  What added to the frustration was the fact that there were 4 employees (3 of which looked like managers) in a circle chatting it up and laughing.  My husband even took a picture on his cell phone of the employees, which I attached to my original email.  What we couldn't quite wrap our heads around was why wouldn't one of those employees jump behind the counter to at least ring up the orders?  It seems pretty simple, right?Bottom line is it took us 20 minutes to pay $20 for popcorn and soda.  What a deal!
3	It's the only movie theater in Surprise, that alone is a plus! Tuesdays & Thursdays ALL movies are $5.50 ALL day. The first show for each movie is always $5.50. Seats are comfortable, sound is good. I couldn't give it more than 3 stars because concession prices are pretty ridiculous, but I guess they are everywhere. I try not to visit after 5 pm because this seems to be a hangout place for local kids who can't help but giggle, talk & do anything but actually watch the movie in peace.
3	I give it 3 Stars because although I wasn't overly impressed, I wasn't disappointed either.I live a lot closer to a Harkins (Park West) and AMC Westgate isn't that further away. I went to Ultra Star because of the D-Box Motion Code seats. I highly recommend trying D-Box at least once. I saw TRON: Legacy (in 3D) and it made the vehicle fights more exciting. I went to the first (10:00 AM) showing. The doors/box office opens at 9:45. I'm standing in line, maybe the 10th person. When I get to the counter the clerk wasn't sure about getting me a seat. I asked her how could that be, because, according to their website, you can't buy D-Box tickets online. Anyway, she sold me "D7" which was the "second row center." I thought I was going to be near the front looking almost straight up. Got into the theater and D-Box seats are in the middle of the room, so I had a great seat. Interesting, seats D1-6 were empty. Those seats did not move during the movie. I assume there is an external activate button so a person couldn't use D-Box without paying for it.Concession prices were about the same as other theaters. Bathrooms were clean, extra kudos for having Dyson Airblade hand dryers.In conclusion, since I have other movie options closer to my house, the only time I'll visit Ultra Star if there is a movie that I think D-Box will enhance the experience.
5	Being from Cali, and had the oppertunity to watch movies at the premier sites. Of course this place does'nt match up to them! But for being a local theater, that offers Tues. and Thurs. specials! I have no problem with this place. I usally come here during the week days late to watch a movie with the family to stay away from the kids who would rather talk then watch a movie. The D box is ok to try once, but I will not be using again.
3	Went here last weekend because we had some free tickets. Watched the 10:40am session of "Rio". Kinda fun movie, the toddler behaved the whole time. Fairly clean joint. Comfortable chairs with fold-down armrests/drinkrests. Subtle lighting during the movie. I was particularly impressed with the fact that they sell White Castle hamburgers at the front counter. There is also an additional goodies counter inside the movie corridor area (ie past the ticket monkey). Video games and bubble gum machines in the foyer. The popcorn was fresh and we all wolfed it down. Exit corridor is separate from the main entry foyer, so that exiting patrons can get out without having to push through whatever throngs might be congregating in the ticket purchasing section.I've got no complaints, we'll probably come back next time we have free tickets (I've got wayyy too much free entertainment at home to drop $$ at the movies). This place ain't Vegas but there's absolutely nothing wrong with it that I could see. Can't say I have any idea about this "d-box" stuff the other reviewers are talking about, maybe I'll look into trying that next time?
2	I've been to Ultra Star a number of times and have been underwhelmed each visit. The one plus to this theater is that it's within walking distance of my house. It's not my favorite theater but we've kept going back from time to time simply due to its location--not because we like it. For a newer theater, it's kind of dumpy. The lobby is too small and crammed with stuff for functionality. The carpet looks old and trampled and kind of old-school versus the competitor theaters. Bathrooms are just kind of bleh and most of the time, not terribly clean. If you go to the first show of the day, expect that the theater will not open until 15 minutes before said showing starts. Sure, it's $5.50 for the first show, but the staff is so freaking slow, you've missed all the previews and often times, at least the first 5 minutes of the movie too!Concessions are RIDICULOUSLY overpriced. This chain is a California-based chain and they charge California prices for their concessions. They offer no frequent movie-goer discounts or bonuses at all. And again, the staff is SO FREAKING SLOW for really no good reason.  At least the popcorn is fresh tasting. Ultra Star is also pretty darn stingy with what it will donate to local non profits as well which for me is a downer. All in all, I don't see this place open in another 5 years. The theater is never packed and again, with California prices but located in Surprise bordering El Mirage...I just don't see it surviving much longer. And when I have the choice, I drive to the competitors 90% of the time.
5	To start off like everyone else the Pricing on popcorn and drinks are high and to get a snack god forbid you may wait a few minutes.  The theaters sound and video are world class and make other movies look blurry.  The quality of the movie will have you coming back and the half price on Tuesday or Thursday doesn't hurt too.
5	Nice theater, not crowded and received a military discount. Watched transformers in 3d and had a great experience. The bathrooms were clean and so was the theatre.
3	This is an okay theater, I usually go here because it's right by my house. It's pretty small and the prices at the concession stands are really high, so I usually eat before I come see a movie here.
5	Comfy seats!3 different types of popcorn!plenty of snacks!helpful staff!cheap prices!
4	D-BOX IS THE WAY TO GO!!!!! Integrated seat to movie for effective vibration, rocking & tilting for movie involvement......I really enjoy this movie theatre.... I will continue to go back.They have movie specials you can look into a couple days of the week for like $5.50 a movie...
3	This theatre is ok with comfortable seating and is within walking distance from the house.  The prices for popcorn, soda, etc are ridiculously high compared to other movie theatres.
4	I've been to this theater many times and find it a pretty good experience overall. My focus is on the movie-watching experience, not the snacks or lobby. I know nothing about the prices of food, except they are expensive, like every movie theater.With that said, the screens are clean and bright. The sound is amazing, although I did have one time where it was really loud. The seats are comfortable, lean back, and have pull down arm rests. They are also pretty clean. My feet have never stuck to the floor and I've never see trash laying around. They also have D Box seats in a few screening rooms, which is pretty rare. I've never tried them, though, so cannot comment on their effectiveness.
2	Muddy sound, unimpressive seats...meh.  It seemed pretty worn down for being such a new theater.  I'll stick to one of the two big chains.
2	Well call me a sucker .I fell for the word ULTRA.  I bought the Living Social deal for Ultra Star Theater . Thought I had heard it was a nicer theater experience. hought it would be a great date for my boyfriend and I  ,  I mean husband ,  I envisioned plush theater seats , more room , better  high end customer service, etc. Like the Nordstroms of Theaters.  Ultra NOPE! But the jokes on me , because this was just an average, off brand theater that didn't even serve Diet Coke ..can you imagine my horror??  The theater was far off the beaten path , not near a major highway or road.And to top it off there was construction all around  , which I know is not their fault.  We had to actually use our iphone gps to get there. The coupon did not include the movie we came to see, so they nicely added a charge. The were very nice about it , guess it happens all the time. The theater itself was small and average. Nothing to text  home about.  Seats were  equal to a new Harkins . But here is the extra bonus that we did not predict... We arrived early and found the best seats and then we were completely inundated with  Local Seniors. Luckily they were on their best behavior.  They sat and discussed the movie in detail after , it was adorable. All in all a great learning experience...Ultra is not always a good thing. Lesson learned.
5	Dear Hope,Thank you for making our expreiance at your theater the best.  You really helped us more than you can know!!  Please tell your hubby Thanks for his service!!  The Theater was clean. and the prices were better than the theater' around us.  They always make sure that the folks ( and I don't mean the kids, but mostly their parents) around us have their phones off.  Bran & Tilly
4	Great theatre compared to other big boxes out there.  I do not buy the food or drinks here so I can't review that.  I usually go on first showings so it only $5.75 a person and I enjoy the smaller crowd in the mornings.  I live within 5 minutes of this theatre so that helps :)I have been to another theatre out here and they had the ac down?!  I never been uncomfortable at Ultra and I even visited the theatre in San diego with friends and had a good experience.
5	Morning workout. I owned Napa, I've got to catch up here!!  With that said, if you can think of the WORST theatre you have been to, multiply that hate by 1000, you would really appreciate this place!  We were spoiled at Ultra Star, moved to Napa, to an old Centuty Dome - haunted theatre, still using movie reels and nappy chairs.  Blah! I digress, my review is for Ultra Star. It's AMAZING! The fact they offer morning movies for moms and dads, is a winner in itself.  I don't know about you, but there is nothing more annoying than watching a sex scene or a murder / rape scene and having little Timmy 2 year old slurping his boob juice behind you asking over and over "what's that, what's that?!". The motion seats are $$, but are worth it for those great movies. Love this place, daycare would e a plus like Harkins offers, but isn't a deal breaker! See me here at least 1 to 2 times a week, seeing something. :)
4	I'm a big fan of this Theater.  It's a smaller theater and the staff is friendly and much more personable than the larger theaters around.
5	Love this place ! People are great.always clean :) its my fav movie theather!
4	This is the only theater in Surprise and I am very grateful for it.   We always experience great customer service.  They always seem to have the movies that I am interested in watching there.  The prices are alright, I guess...not cheap for sure, but I still remember back in the day when it cost less than $4 for all shows before 6pm.  The seats are very comfortable; I can actually stretch my legs out a little.  I am of course only 5 feet tall, so that may not be the case for everyone.  But if you are short like me, then you will appreciate that the seat in front of you is far enough away that if a tall person sits in front of you you can still see the screen!As for the food, my favorite is the specialty popcorn.  It comes with cheddar cheese, kettle corn and Caramel corn.  I usually eat the whole thing, then regret it later.  No one should ever eat all of that in one sitting...but it does taste great!
3	I was so grateful to finally have a movie theater in Surprise.  I used to have to drive 30 minutes to get to Harkins.  It is so convenient to hop in my car and 5 minutes later we are there.  I've been here quite a bit with my kids and on a date night and every time is fine.  Good customer service and had a great time watching the movie. Seats are nice.  Ticket prices are okay, but there's weekly coupons in the paper for $6-always use those.  The concessions are expensive so I just buy popcorn.  It's worth not having to drive 30 minutes.
2	I wish so badly that this theater was a Harkins or AMC. Firstly, I'm always getting gift cards for one of the 2 chains mentioned before and I have to drive to arrowhead to use them. Additionally, the whole D-Box thing is kind of weird in my opinion. It basically just makes it more expensive to sit in the middle of the theater. AMC offers great deals ($5 before 5pm) and harkins is always $7, but this theater is more expensive and even more expensive if you want one of the center seats.
5	I love this place! way better then harkens... people are nice friendly. the movie picture clear and sounds good.
4	Okay, awesome theater...the very close seats arn't too close, and the price for what you get isn't bad since theres no other theater near us....just recomend as always bring your own food and drinks hide them! Prices for snacks are way too expensive now and days....
3	Was pleased to see UltraStar Cinema open up in Surprise.  It is conveniently located...corner of Litchfield and Waddell, near Uptown Alley.  We are grateful it is here in Surprise, before that we went to movies at Westgate (Glendale) and Harkins (Peoria). I have been there pretty regularly since it opened.  It's average, not spectacular but not a dive either. Have pretty good number of houses (14) so there are plenty of movies to pick from.   The theatre itself is pretty clean overall.  There is a main concession in front and (2) concession stands inside on either side. Concession stand (in my experience), is always super slow.  Bathrooms are very large, and in my experience, have been pretty clean.  There is an ATM in the entrance if you need cash.  They offer special morning and matinee shows  for families with small children to check out a flick.  Parking is adequate.Sound and high definition are great; haven't had any issues watching a movie yet (knock on wood).  The seats are comfortable and you can pull up armrest to snuggle with your honey.  They usually have plenty of employees on hand and they've been friendly.Tickets are normally $10.00 for adults for evening shows.   They offer student and military discounts for $7.50 (vs $10.00) a ticket.  My teenage kids show their High School Id and they get the discounted tix. They have discounts on Tuesdays and Thursdays ($5.75 tickets) and tickets before 1600 (4 pm) are $7.50. Hubby and I show our military IDs and get discount ($7.50 tix vs $10.00).  Groupon has offered a special with (2) adult tickets and a large popcorn for $15.00.  I've seen it (4) times already. They don't expire until February 2013, so I got a couple to have on hand and save on the popcorn on date night.Overall, it hasn't been overcrowded and it serves its purpose!
5	Just found out they are under new ownership!!! Hope this doesn't change anything? Digiplex Just recently purchased this location in Arizona only. We will see and I will let you know of any changes.
4	Great location and a friendly staff.My only complaint is there is often trash out from and loitering teens.
4	This theater hasn't really closed, it's just been sold to another company: http://www.digiplexdest.com/location.asp?house=31538I really like the theater, it's clean and there aren't any bad seats.  Picture quality is great and the seats are quite comfortable. I haven't been since they changed ownership, but it's my first choice for a theater as it's the closest one, but it's also one of the nicest ones in the area.
