5	Another of my all time favourites in Edinburgh.Charming and intimate space with great food and service - always welcoming and attentive without being overbearing, and in a beautiful Edinburgh tenement side street - and completely avoiding any pretnesion. I chose to have a recent and significant birthday celebration there. The evening menu is not overwhelmingly large which gives confidence that the food being cooked will be very fresh.They do a great lunch deal - evening prices are more what you would expect in this area.The lunchtime takeaway sandwich counter is brilliant as rolls are made up on the spot exactly as you want and always great to find a place offering fillings a bit different from the norm - and great value for moneyps try the Semifreddo (?) dessert - vanilla ice cream, espresso and amaretto or alchohol of choice!
5	Amazing sandwiches for take away lunch; lovely lunchtime pasta dishes; create rustic evening dishes. An absolute winner and Lunch Quest favourite.
5	From the when you enter the door, to the moment you sit back and sigh after a happy, hearty meal, Cafe Domenico makes you feel like you've been embraced in the welcoming hug of a true Italian family.Cafe Domenico is one of the most charming, delicious spots in Edinburgh and Leith, with fresh, exquisite ingredients, real Italian cooking, and genuine, kindly and fun service. If I could, I would visit Cafe Domenico for breakfast, lunch and dinner every single week. Particular favourites are their lunchtime sandwiches, wraps and pastas - these cause a queue around the corner they are so scrumptious! For dinner, the intimate surroundings are perfect for a romantic date, or a family get together. Their antipasti platters are some of the most impressive I've seen in Edinburgh, and they are always happy to adapt meals off their menu or specials to suit your every whim!
4	Great little haven.  Family business run on lots of heart. Lovely food. Exceptionally reasonable prices. A must-try !
5	Utterly delicious! It's small, busy, tables all squidged together,  with a real Italian family restaurant feel and the food is superb! I'd happily eat here every day. Yummy!
4	As I have mentioned before, I am an insufferable boring snob when it comes to Italian food outside of Italy. I'm so horrible that I don't even want to listen to myself go on about it, which is why I rarely bother to try Italian restaurants in the UK at all. But when other people suggest a friendly meet-up at one, I try not to be a jerk about it, so I just show up with a smile. Which explains how I ended up at Domenico one evening. Lucky for me, because it was an utterly charming experience. The service was personable, welcoming, and accommodating. The food was, well, pretty good. Pasta cooked correctly. Good house wine at a reasonable price. Decent grappa. I would go again. This is high praise, I assure you.
4	Well as #Cocktailquest strives to find the best in mixology the city has to offer Robyn wisely suggested we get some dinner first to ensure we were all 100% ready for the challenge that lay ahead.Having lived and worked in Leith in the past Domenicos is close to my heart, from their daily lunchtime specialis to the focaccia sandwiches they have always been at hand with a taste of Italy. So as to last night, 8 hungry Yelpers deceneded looking for a comforting meal on a cold night. From the minute you walk in the door Tony greets you like a long lost friend. His hospitality is second to none. I was running erm rather late for dinner so instructed Caz to order on my behalf. Having been given 3 options I went for the seafood stew....it was a good choice.As a starter we were given a selection of anti-pasti - cheese...meats....ccheeeeese, roasted veg.....lovely.To my fish stew - mussels, salmon, squid, haddock...smoked haddock all in a lovely broth. With bread on the side for mopping this was a very enjoyable dish. The mussels and the smoked fish were particularly tasty. For desert I initially ordered the tiramisu - as it seemed I was getting the last one I agreed to share with Scott so we both got half tiramisu/ half banoffee pie. Nice enough and washed down with a lemoncello even better :)
5	Good menu choice for a small restaurant. Nice quaint atmosphere and good pasta. Had the daily special of rigatoni, very nice.
5	This place is a family favourite of ours! Can't fault the gorgeous Italian food and the service is always top notch. They're super accommodating and very friendly.Organised a birthday lunch here for my brother with kids and adults and when one of the toddlers got a bit restless they suggested taking him out to the nearby playpark. Such a good idea! It was quite a disorganised affair but they handled our booking fabulously, always worth a trip down Leith for a meal here!
