1	I wanted a quick and simple hair cut.  I had a great hair dresser but she moved away.  I was given a stylist named Tawny who butchered my hair.  The manager made a valiant effort to fix it but I now have to either cut off all my length or wait for it to grow out.  DO NOT USE TAWNY!
1	I had been to this place twice and both times were horrible experiences. I first went to retouch my roots (bleach) and then to bleach a section of hair. The first hair dresser almost destroyed my hair and I end up with a kind of grey tone on my hair. Second and different hair dresser burn my scalp and hair so badly that the manager offered me a free treatment. I tried numerous time to get my well deserve treatment but they never had the one I need it on the salon. It seems that the manager of this salon only hires  incompetents employees.
1	Poor Poor Service. Service so poor they never even got to cut my son's hair.So we walk in and they are very polite. Ask how what we need and check us in, tell us it will be a twenty minute wait. So we go next door to Albert son's and Hobby Lobby to kill some time. We come back about 20 minutes later and the people that were there before us were just now getting in chair.So we start chatting with the other fellow and his two kids and he told us, they told him twenty minutes and he did the same thing we did, left and shopped. But by now, he had been waiting close to 40 minutes. So another lady comes in and they tell her 20 minutes too. So the guy leaves. He was fed up. And I am like well, maybe we will get in sooner. But then it really gets worse. Two of the hairdressers start snapping at each other. One trying to tell the other how to do her job. So the lady who seems like she doesn't know what she is doing, has a client in her chair and she is looking petrified. And she tries to break the ice but the beautician starts mocking her client behind her back and it is obvious to everyone in the store.That was it for me. We left and never came back. Nor will i ever.
4	I don't think this is a 1 star place by any means. I've been here twice now. They have been consistent, which is all I need from a haircut.I haven't had to wait either time. The first was a true weekday morning, and the second was today, Memorial Day. They were actually open, which is nice. The first time, the lady (I think Valerie was her name) was patient enough to explain why they needed my name and phone # (it's for keeping track of when I go and who my hair is) and to work through my uncertainty with the size of the clipper attachments.The haircuts each seemed to take no more than 10 minutes - surprising since I think it used to take longer at my last barber shop - and the ladies are nice enough not to try to chat with you much if you're quiet (I'm not a very chatty person).I will gladly continue to return, especially if they keep providing Valpak coupons online. I wanted to help the rating with 5 stars, but I'm keeping it at 4 stars since there's nothing mindblowingly awesome about it.
2	The only time I went here for an actual haircut was when I was younger (you know didn't care the type of style, just needed a cut type), pretty much forced to get my haircut here by my parents. I didn't care about coloring hair back then either.Now that I'm older and care about what my hair looks like ... I wouldn't really go here. My last experience here was when I was 17, impulsively wanted a perm and they fried the back of my head, leaving me to have a mullet..I took my mom here recently only to cut her hair.. They did an ok job.. Really didn't have a choice because her hair needed to go!The shop needs some love and lots of upgrading .. I believe that this place is still up and running because of the cheap prices and from the looks of the employees that's been there since 5-7 years ago, they have "loyal customers".2 stars for the "ok" job with my mom!
5	I have been coming here every 2 weeks for 4 years and never had a bad experience. The staff is polite, fast and very consistent. Its clean and eveyone is extremely nice. I have had Tawny dye my hair twice and she always does a great job and I get many compliments on it. Usually Bianca, John or Melanie cut my hair and they do an excellent job. I have never had a bad experience and I would absolutely recommend this place. If you need a color treatment, Tawny is the best but everyone is so nice and good at thier job!
5	New to the neighborhood and the kids needed cuts so we stopped in recently and was VERY impressed for our first visit. I was a little skeptical at first about the girl with tattoos cutting my sons hair but she was very professional and more importantly, she was excellent with my son, he didnt even shed a tear this time! She seemed to be the glue that holds it together as she seemed to be the only one answering the phone and greeting people while the others joked about her doing it, you can tell this crew has been together for a bit.  This seems like an awesome family friendly environment and we will return!
