5	Awesome dishes - gluten free and fabulous options for very fine and diverse tastes!
4	The only difficulty I find about writing about a market cuisine restaurant is that the menu is always changing, and that there's a chance that not all the dishes I write about will still be on the menu when you visit. However, the great thing about a market restaurant is the ever changing menu itself; the ability of the chef to appropriate available ingredients and to showcase his creativity and execution is paramount and to maintain a level of consistency and discretion is obvious if the kitchen is able produce such an eclectic menu with such high standards of quality.
4	Serendipity led us to Biarritz, and it was not at all disappointing. The tapas were hearty and the cava was just right to cleanse the palate. A pleasant dinner overall.
1	We had a terrible experience at Biarritz this evening. I was there with one other person initially. Once we had decided to stay, we called a few other people to see who would join us. We then ordered the $50 poutine... had to see what this was all about.A little while later, around 11 PM, our friends arrived - 6 in total. They were told that the kitchen was closed. They asked if they could get a drink. They were told they could not. So, we had invited them over, it is -17 degrees outside, and they are being told to leave. Do you see a problem here?And so they left. We should also have left. Instead, I tried to discuss what had just happened with the server. She was not interested. I then talked to the manager to see if I could get a tiny bit of understanding out of her. No. She insisted that I was wrong because we had sat at a table for 2... There was no way for them to know that we had friends coming. But this is Montreal, on a Saturday night, in a restaurant on St. Laurent with music blasting. Who would expect it to close at 11:00 PM? Anyway, they decided to argue with me instead of trying to figure  out a way to settle the issue.  Then the $50 poutine arrived. Terrible. The meat was inedible. It may have been 25 oz of steak... but 24 ounces were inedible. It was beyond fat.We ate the mediocre french fries, paid the $50 plus tax for the worst poutine I have ever had, and left there very unhappy.
5	I hesitate to write this review because my husband and I are obsessed with this place... and we don't want to have to start making reservations months in advance! We have been to Biarritz a dozen times, and we are always so happy.Every item we have ever ordered (the menu changes pretty often) has been perfectly prepared and presented and we always want to get it again... but then they always have something new you want to try too!Fortunately, the drinks menu stays the same - gotta have my Ginger Stashe, made with house ginger syrup and candied ginger. Finally, the service - we have only ever been served by Jasmine. She is exceptional - like a one woman show! She bartends, suggests, serves, and chats with us. As both my husband and I are waiters, we think we know what great service here, and Jasmine is a star player.
5	I loved everything I ate at Biarritz. I was craving the spicy sweet chicken wings for days after my dinner here. The beef tartare is not to be missed. And their cocktails and service are standout.
