1	By far the worst bank I've ever banked with. How the HELL do you charge your own clients money to withdraw from your own atm??? Um...... they do!!!! It's normal for another atm to charge you a fee...... Well so does this bank. You not only get charged with the other bank or atm fee, but 1NCU also charges you a $3 fee for using another bank or atm. Really???? I can't stand the service. There bank has 2 tellers only, and the line could be full as 15-20 people and there isn't any additional help provided. The list goes on and on. I'm exhausted just thinking about the problems............. oh yeah, they also charge you $19.50 a month just to have a checking account. HaHahaha. I love this free world............ Not!!!!!! One Nevada Credit Union is garbage!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Bank of America or Wells Fargo here I come.
1	Small time bank with big bank feel.  If you have an account there, watch it 24/7 because they will charge you for anything and everything they can.  And when its their mistake, that dont matter either.  I am closing this account and going to Wells Fargo.  Absolutely a terrible experience.  Hours are horrible on top of that.
1	I have banked at Nevada Federal, now One Nevada for the 10 years I have been in Vegas. The service has always been lackluster but has only gotten worse of late. I refuse to go to one of the "bailout banks" and am frustrated by the lack of options. Luckily I am a member of USAA and have opened an account there again after 10 years. I am in the process of winding down my accounts at One Nevada and frankly can't wait to be done with them.
1	This Credit Union is a joke.  As the other reviews are dead on.  They charge you for everything, and I  mean everything.  And if you have over $25,000.00 in the bank, they start to charge you a maintenance fee....So, basically, the more you deposit, the more they take.  And forget about calling and getting answers, or even going in there, if you don't have a full day to waste. Please do yourself a favor, go elsewhere.
1	Slowest tellers and they are all pretty rude and pretend they don't know anything.Also, do not do anything at the branch. Call and speak to someone at corporate or your account will be thoroughly mucked up!
1	I do NOT recommend one nevada! Theyre not open on saturdays, dont have 24 hour call service. And if you pay something with your card and overdraft even by like a penny then deposit money right after at the atm they still charge for an overdraft fee. any other bank does not do that!! I had gone in to talk to someone about that and all they told me was we're not like other banks and thats our policy. They can take that policy and.....  I think that that is just RIDICULOUS!! I closed my account with them because of that and went to Bank of America!!
1	Went in to open an account today and the rep I saw seemed like she hated her Job or simply did not want to help me. Was not curtious and definetely didn't make me feel welcome.  Instead of me opening an account I took my business elsewhere
2	Disclaimer: I absolutely love One Nevada. My review for this location is solely based on this location and not the services of One Nevada overall.There just must be something about when you put a teller behind a bullet proof glass case but attitudes here are no where near as friendly or personable at other branches that I am accustomed to visiting.I wouldn't even visit this location if I didn't have to but since this is the only location with a transaction center, I am forced to. The tellers do their job but basically that is it. Do not expect a "thank you" or "you're welcome". Definitely do not expect a "have a nice day" or "thank you for business". I hope One Nevada catches on and does some employee intervention with this branch. Coming is here is extremely unpleasant and every time I leave this branch, I always think I need to change banks.
