3	This dry cleaner has much lower prices than his competition up the street, Jones which is part of Quail.  Jones charges $6.25 for pants or cotton ladies blouses and $9.25 for linen or silk louses. They offer a 20% discount on Wednesdays. and ar open 7am to 6:30 pm.  Regal offers specials thru out the week: Mon $1,39 for mens shirts, $2.99 Tues for pants, $3.50 Wed for ladies blouses, $3.50 Thursday for jackets, $6.99 Friday for dresses, Sat 20% discount for household items like comforters. Regal is open Mon thru Fri 7am to 7pm and Sat 7am to 3pm. The owner says that he owns his establishment and that is how and why he can offer dry cleaning at a lower rate than his competition.  He was very friendly so we'll see.
5	After searching for a consistent yet affordable dry cleaner, I think my search has finally ended at Regal Cleaners. I've been to at least 10 dry cleaners in greater Charlotte and have either been dissatisfied with price, quality or general customer service. At Regal Cleaners, the owner (I assume) greeted me warmly and offered one day service at no additional cost. With shirts at $1.49 and pants at $3.50, I also feel I got a great deal. The only small downside was when I came to pick up the clothing, the owner was the only person working and it took him a few minutes to help me at the counter. I would have to say overall, this is a great hidden gem of a cleaner. Although it's not too hidden, because the building is painted a bright purple.
5	I've been to at least 5 cleaners in the area, and Regal Cleaners is by far the best.  Great quality at a great price.  The owner, whose name is Ham, is always friendly, and can get your clothes cleaned in 24 hrs easy.  I'll be using Ham for as long as i'm in the area.
5	I was a little apprehensive Bout getting my wedding dress cleaned pre-wedding after obsessive googling and seeing many many horror stories about wedding dress cleaning gone wrong. I shared my concerns with the owner of Regal, who reassured me that he cleans wedding dresses all the time. He had my dress ready the next day for $79! He even waived the taxes for me. My dress was spotless. This will probably be my go-to dry cleaner from now on even though there are others closer to my home
5	I had a white wool coat with stains all over it. I came back two days later to pick up and my coat looked brand new. The man that helped me was so friendly and insured me it would look great. He was right. Great place. I highly recommend.
