5	This place rocks. I am a popcorn junkie. I could live on the stuff and can't live without it. I go to movies as an excuse to eat the heavenly kernel.  I had read of the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company in the Tribune Review and thought that I had to give it a try the next time I was in the strip. We stopped in and I was not disappointed. I was amazed at the many flavors that they have. Ranging from "Movie Style", where I can control my own hot butter and salt ;),  to Elvis (Carmel popcorn with dark chocolate, peanut butter and crushed banana chips). We have been back 3 times since and have started sharing it with my family in Erie who are now also hooked. They have an awesome carmel popcorn along with a aptly named "smacker jacks" that I get the shakes for. I'm not sure what type of kernels that they start with but once popped they are tender and very flavorful. I would recommend that if your a popcorn junkie like me that you have to check this place out.
5	There are few things that I can't pass up. Good gourmet popcorn is one if them. I read about a new place on the strip opening up that sold very tasty, very fresh gourmet popcorn. So on my monthly trip down to the strip district, I went and bought a container of the Wisconsin cheddar cheese popcorn and one of the chocolate covered caramel corn to bring to work and share with coworkers. The cheese never made it to work with me. I inhaled it in about a day, and it was good. Very good.The caramel and chocolate was no less good, but I made myself share with other people. You can also pick the sizes, from a normal size popcorn bag to a party pail. Needless to say, it lasted a very short time at my work.Tomorrow is my monthly trip to the strip again,  and I will be sure to get some more wonderful popcorn.
5	Good for these guys...bringing gourmet popcorn to Pittsburgh.  The founder of this place worked in NYC for a popcorn company, and brought his expertise back to Pittsburgh.  I'd recommend the Reeses Popcorn, and the Peep-Corn.  These guys have a great, changing selection of gourmet popcorn, AND they have great tins of popcorn that you can give as gifts, or selfishly order for yourself. www.pghpopcorn.com
5	Hands down, the best gourmet popcorn anywhere.  I don't know how much heroin they put in each batch, but I literally could not stop eating this stuff.  I bought two small bags--about a quart and a half each--and they were both gone within three days.  Disgusting (me) and transcendent (the popcorn).  It's a cool sort of cute-industrial aesthetic they have, with white-painted crumbling brick walls, huge stainless steel vats, and of course the old-fashioned popcorn cart which displays most of the varieties.  It reminds me a lot of a fudge shop on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh.  The teenage staff could deploy a few more smiles, but ultimately, it's all about the product.They sell a couple of savory and several sweet varieties, plus kettle corn which falls nicely in between.  Flavors-of-the-week last week were hazelnut nutella and zesty ranch, both good; but I went with Cinnamon Toast and Chocolate Caramel.  They sell the stuff in paper bags, plastic jugs, or handsome tins.  They also offer coffee, soda, and fresh-squeezed lemonade.They have a website with online ordering, so now that they've got me hooked, they will definitely be hearing from me again.  It makes a great gift, and by the way, my birthday is coming up and Christmas is always right around the corner.
5	I love the popcorn from here. Their cheddar is my favorite, but I love the  daily flavors they have. We got buffalo wing and franken-berry last time we were there. They both tasted really true to the advertised flavor, and I was really reminded of the cereal I had as a child with the second one. It's a highlight of our day to go pick up some popcorn and settle down to a movie.
5	All you really need to know is that they have the most delicious and addictive popcorn ever, at either location. The weekly flavors (one savory and one sweet) keep you coming back often, even if just out of curiosity for some tasty samples. Cheddar popcorn is to die for, and anything with chocolate I feel as though you will actually die if you eat the whole thing yourself. Rotating flavors like spicy bacon cheddar or buffalo wing are delicious and surprisingly vegetarian. I know the downtown store has a $7 minimum for credit cards, not sure about the Strip. They also make a wonderful gift... good popcorn and a quality tin.Note: Now they're in Oakland too (woohoo)!
5	There goes my New Year's resolution.  Six days into the new decade and I receive a package at my door.  A dear friend in Pittsburgh sends an early birthday gift in the form of a tub of gourmet popcorn from the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company.Flavors? Cheese (super cheesy and so so tasty), butter, caramel and some deadly chocolate peanut butter combo (perfect for any sweet tooth).  So much popcorn. So much deliciousness in a pretty keepsake tub.Being a big fan of Chicago's Garrett's gourmet popcorn -- Pittsburgh Popcorn Company gives Garrett's a run for their money.  There is no way to eat just a few handfuls...It's still early in the new year - I'll resolve to get back on the healthy train after my popcorn tub is empty.
5	holy amazeballs.  get some caramel popcorn.
5	Yumster in my Tumster!  So I go to the PPC downtown and it's wonderful.  A popcorn haven - sweet, salty, spicy, tangy - oh the flavors are endless!  I tend to always get the Wisconsin cheddar but the Caramel popcorn is delish.  This stuff is better than Garrett's popcorn in Chicago...and that's some serious poppin corn in that joint - fo' real.  So if you're looking for a snickety snack check this place out because it's AAAAWWWWESOME!
4	Yummy!Delicious popcorn. Sweet prices. Great employees. Sample any flavor with no obligation to buy. If you've read my previous reviews you know that im not a sweets type of gal but a colleague of mine bought the snickers popcorn and it was pretty darn good. My favorite is the the ranch.Getting the munchies just thinking about it.
5	The product was enjoyed by our Pittsburgh family.  The delivery was there for everyone to enjoy and the three flavors that we had ordered, Cheese, Carmel and Movie Theatre were equally enjoyed.  Excellent place to do business with excellent service provided.
4	Better then the original.  I recently moved away from the 'burgh and man do I miss Pgh Popcorn.  Garretts' Popcorn in Chicago doesn't hold a candle to Pittsburgh Popcorn.  I did my official taste test this past holiday.  I miss you guys!
5	Fact: I can't go a week without picking up a bag of this popcorn! It is seriously, I'm not lying to you, for real, the most addictive snack EVER! I've tried most of the different flavors as a PPC devotee. The best one to try from the 5 original flavors is the caramel chocolate, which has real chunks of chocolate. REAL CHUNKS OF CHOCOLATE! Aside from that, they try a lot of funky combinations like Dill Pickle Popcorn (thumbs down, sorry) and Spicy Bacon Cheddar (YUM). And for all you former Pittsburghers or pretty much anyone else who loves amazing popcorn, they ship nationwide!
5	YUM!!!! I have had the Wisconsin Cheddar, Chipolte cheddar, Sweet & Salty, Reese's peanut butte and chocolate & LOVED them ALL!!! Wisconsin cheddar is my fav. This is a must eat place!
5	When we are in Pittsburgh's Strip District my wife and I always stop here. They always have interesting and different flavors of popcorn.  I do like the fact that they offer smaller bags so we can bring a few flavors home to enjoy.  I also like the fact that they use social networking for marketing and run contests on Facebook giving away a bag of popcorn to the winner, this usually by answering a question on popcorn.  The marketing is creative and definitely keeps me thinking about the great flavors offered at the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company.
5	The popcorn is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  You won't be able to shovel it into your mouth fast enough.  Provides you with a lot of fiber too.You can order Pittsburgh Popcorn online, but the price is astronomical.  You'll wind up spending 100's of dollars on popcorn just because you can't visit the store.  They should have a lower cost alternative.
5	When visiting Pittsburgh my wife and I always stop here for a popcorn fix. Last visit we got a bag of garlic and parmesan flavor and it was great. I also follow them on Facebook and they make great use of social media.
3	I do wish they serve some of the warm, freshly made ones versus cooling everything down, storing them in tins, then serving them out.   Popcorn as a sweet candy treat for me is always fun and whimsical... and while it may not be the best I've had, but definitely worth getting a bag if you're there
3	Gourmet popcorn made in front of your very eyes! I had the pleasure of sampling:1) Sweet 'n Salty Kettle- So good & not your typical kettlecorn. This popcorn seems to be coated with a super thin layer of sugar that adds a little extra crunch!2) Cajun- Yum, but probably something you can make at home by adding cajun spices to your microwave variety.3) Eggnog- Festively colored green & red and drizzled with an eggnog frosting, but way too sweet for my taste. Less frosting please!4) Cinnamon French Toast- My fav of the bunch! Coated with a super thin layer of caramel-y sugar and loaded with cinnamon & maple flavor. So delicious. 3.5 stars just like the $3.50ish you'll pay for small bag. A-OK for a special treat.
4	Let me preface this by saying that I don't really like popcorn. Well, actually, it's not that I don't like popcorn, I just think it's like a water balloon fight: It's fun while it lasts, but the cleanup is always a pain in the ass. Without a toothbrush on hand, I'm always stuck spending an hour making the goofiest faces while my tongue tries to dislodge popcorn pieces from between my teeth. Either that, or a kernel solders itself to a tooth so firmly that I expect a baby Alien to burst out of my molar. But despite these gripes about "normal" popcorn, I can't help but keep coming back to the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company. The place is awesome.The interior is set up with these old-timey looking display cases that show off the (usually eight-ish) favors of popcorn that are for sale, half of which are permanent and half of which change from week to week. When there, you can see the popcorn-making operation in the back, which always keeps me mesmerized (Maybe not mesmerized. That's a little strong. Let's go with interested.) while I wait in line. If that's not your cup of tea, there's also usually a Charlie Chaplin silent film playing as well.But let's get to the food. It's good. Good enough to get a hater like me to, at the very least, stop in and check out the flavors every time I go to the strip. And believe me, I go there a lot. The choices are varied enough to guarantee that there'll always be a flavor you like (Though for me, if there's no weekly one that jumps out at me, there's always my one true love, Reese's popcorn.), and to find out what you do like, you can get little plastic cups with samples. And once you do pick your flavor, they pack your bag till it's bursting at the seams. Seriously, they sometimes struggle to get the bag to close fully. No, they don't just take some popcorn out. Quitters need not apply at the PPC.So if you're in the neighborhood and looking for a snack (excellent for my walk from the Strip back to Bloomfield), the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company isn't a bad choice. Cool place, good snack, and I really like their logo. Try it!Afterthought: The PPC will also ship their wares anyplace (I almost wrote "wares anywhere," which sounds stupid), and you can apparently do it online. Haven't tried it yet, but I really want to send a tin to my sister, so I'll have to check that out.
5	Very delicious and addictive.  At first I thought the prices were a little steep for popcorn, but after tasting the product, it was worth every penny.  As a side note, get the medium over the small for only $1 more.As many other reviewers stated, there are several option between the specialties of the week and standard selections.  I have tasted some of the specials, which are not bad, I just can't get anything outside of the Chicago mix.  At first, I didn't think i would like the combination of caramel and cheddar popcorn, but it is a great mix of flavors.  In addition, they do not skimp on the flavoring.  Each and every piece of popcorn is plastered with the flavoring of your choice.  This is a must go to place whenever we visit the Strip.
5	Seriously addicting. I've loved this place ever since my brother-in-law moved to Pitt and brought me popcorn at every visit. (yes, I am aware of how truly spoiled I am) This time, I had the opportunity to visit the place myself, and it made me loved it even more. The staff is very friendly, samples are encouraged, and the price is right. I love that they change their flavors often, and that I am always in for a surprise. But, my go to is the Wisconsin cheddar. I just love it, except for the fact that it changes the color of my fingers to orange. Like eating Cheetos or Doritos, but it's obviously worth it. I know I will definitely be back.
5	small store in the strip, great service counter person, offered to let me taste different popcorn...the best kettle corn ...cheese is the cheesiest ever..caramel chocolate is great...and my husband got salt and vinegar...get some if in the strip...get medium size for better value....as it is pricey ....
4	I love this chain of stores! This has become a family destination.  We brought this popcorn home to New York and now everytime we go back we are now required to bring popcorn with us.Favorite favors for my family include the cheddar, ranch, and resses popcorn.  I am a huge fan of the Chicago mix (caramel popcorn and cheddar cheese popcorn).   My husband loves their peeps popcorn that they have around Easter and the rice Krispy treats popcorn. The service is quick and they are always giving out many samples and the line though it is always long moves quickly!
3	Good popcorn and will probably take friends just for the novelty of visiting a gourmet popcorn shop, but I likely won't visit much in the future. I was disappointed by the chocolate-covered popcorn, because the chocolate topping was way too sweet and not very chocolate-y (I'm more of a dark chocolate person). The caramel popcorn was okay, but nothing extraordinary. I expect gourmet caramel popcorn to have a creamy, buttery caramel flavor, but this one tasted mostly like sugar.In short, a nice place to visit for the curious, as I do not know of any other gourmet popcorn shops in the area. But not really worth going a second time.
5	No visit to the strip district is quite complete without a small bag of the Chicago mix popcorn (at the very least). The selection of popcorn changes weekly, and the various locations have different offerings during the same week, so check the website to see which location has the flavor you're craving. The Chicago mix is a blend of the cheddar and the caramel popcorn that strangely works, and is always on the menu. A few of their not-always-offered varieties I HIGHLY recommend, if you are lucky enough to see them: Rice Krispies Treats Chocolate PretzelChocolate Waffle ConeDark Chocolate Blackout*** Peeps **** -- Best flavor ever. ONLY available near Easter, as apparently the darn things are very difficult to melt without burning.
5	Thank you Pittsburgh Popcorn Company! You made my day!  I am having my baby shower this weekend and the party favors are going to be fantastic! That's right I am 7 months pregnant! I was doing a ton of research trying to find something perfect to give my guests. I am not a junk person and most shower favors are just that. Plastic baby this or that, tiny soaps in pink carriages blah!! So I started looking at the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company website. I wanted to do something Pittsburgh since I love what my city has to offer and my guests are mostly from the Erie area. They offer so many amazing flavors, large tins, sample bags, even bulk for weddings or larger events. I wanted to keep it less expensive so I formulated my own favor bags. I am organizing three types of popcorn to sample for my friends to take home, chocolate peanut butter, cinnamon toast/cheddar mix, and spicy chipotle. I love that they post their flavor menu for the month so you can go in and try all the inventive flavors they come up with. I went down to the strip twice before I purchased to ask questions, and taste what I wanted. Sometimes you go in and they are slammed so you want to go on a weekday afternoon if you want to linger about. Even on the busy days I was there the staff was friendly and informative. I asked how long the popcorn lasted because obviously you want to have the freshest and if sealed should last about a month. I ended up waiting until closer to the shower date to make my favors but I am very OCD and wanted it to be perfect! Since I am doing a smaller sampler I ended up purchasing the small bags with the logo then printed my own Thank you logo for the brown vintage looking bags. I couldn't be happier! They look so cute and they go with the theme of my shower. I'm sure my guests will be licking their lips and truly enjoying the favors!!
5	Argh I just moved to Hershey, PA and I am craving this popcorn!!  My husband and I used to frequent this place.  They were always super friendly and filled the bag up bursting full.  LOVE the cheddar and chocolate covered carmen corn.  It's a must if you are around the Strip!!
5	I really like this place, and the people who work there seem to keep their cool even when it gets busy. I love the Wisconsin Cheddar popcorn so much that I wish I could make a drink out of it because I can't pour it into my mouth fast enough.I don't come here nearly enough, I mean who could think that popcorn could be so freaking delicious.
5	As I sit here on the iPad it is getting sticky from me munching away.  This is the best popcorn ever. No lie the best! Current fav flavor is chocolate peanut butter.  Can I suggest making a nutella flavor.  Just a thought.  Time to clean the I pad.
2	Nope not a fan.  I got cheese popcorn, I mean how can a person go wrong with cheese popcorn right?  My taste buds didn't like it, it tasted like popcorn from a bag.   I was just expecting so much more.
5	During the summer, my husband and I are often deterred from buying popcorn from The Pittsburgh Popcorn Company because of the intimidatingly long line, but we just had to get some today after lunch at Primanti!I can't remember what flavors I've had in the past -- I believe more simple varieties -- but today we tried the Chunky Chocolate Caramel and the Peanut Butter and Chocolate Kettle Corn. Both were SO amazing that my husband had to get a bag of one, and I had to get a bag of the other.Between the outstanding product and good customer service, I'll have to make a trip back to The Pittsburgh Popcorn Company very soon!
4	Fun flavors and I loved trying the different flavors such as Zebra (kettle corn with white and dark chocolate).  I like the bacon cheddar and really liked the caramel corn with the dark chocolate drizzle on it. I was impressed by the generous portion size.
5	Everyone is incredibly friendly and will let you sample anything you want, and you really can't go wrong no matter what you order. It is fun to be adventurous and try flavors you never think you'd like, and then end up buying a month's supply of popcorn (for like $10). I'll be back soon to stock up on some pre-Christmas presents for my family.
5	Nice employees and eager to help and let everyone sample as many flavors as they want. I ended up leaving with a bag of the chocolate & peanut butter popcorn and it was fresh and so, so, so delicious.
5	LOVE this place! It is a must go every time we go to Pittsburgh! I'm crazy about their peanut butter cup and chipotle popcorn. Oh and the dill pickle, and the cinnamon crunch! They are all sooo good. The shop itself is small and quaint but located right in the strip district which makes it perfect for picking up a bag and walking around for a while. I, personally, get a few tins of it and bring it home as gifts.
5	I prefer to go here when there is not a line but it is worth the wait n weekends.This place has great gourmet popcorn that is really bad for you.  I love thr stuff and the chesse popcorn is the best on earth.Tip: Tell them they don't need to close the bag and they'll often fill it right to the brim.  The employees here bust their ass so definately leave a decent tip.
4	By far the best popcorn I've ever had...I love the varieties , friendly staff, worth the wait in line ...round of applause
5	I stopped in here yesterday with my husband on our way downtown for the Pens game. It was early, around 10:30, so the line was not very long at all, however the popcorn is totally worth the wait! We ordered the chocolate peanut butter, the chocolate and caramel and the mix of cheese and caramel. All three were amazing!! The workers in there are hustling the whole time and are so friendly and inviting. They definitely deserve every tip they earn! I love how they write on the chalkboard the upcoming flavors, so you know what is coming up next and can plan your trip accordingly! I am looking forward to the Nutella flavored popcorn :)
4	I sampled several different popcorns (chocolate peanut butter kettle corn, baklava, brown sugar caramel) and ended up getting a generously-sized small bag of the brown sugar caramel to bring home. Their popcorn is dangerously addictive. My bag was gone by the end of the day.For those who compare it to Garrett's in Chicago, I honestly prefer Garrett's caramel corn because their version is very buttery.They had several interesting flavors such as marshmellow peeps and chipotle cheddar that I didn't have the chance to sample. I will definitely be back to try other flavors and purchase the caramel corn (I've tried many different flavors of popcorn, but my favorite will always be caramel.)!
4	Great idea. Long lines but yummy popcorn concoctions especially the wisconsin cheddar and the mix with that and the caramel corn....Would gain weight from this place if there was one in my town! Yummy and fun idea to take to games and events or save for movie night.
5	Some of the best specialty popcorn you'll find anywhere, period.The staff here are always popping corn and mixing it up with seriously delicious flavors. You can get savory, such as a southwest cheese or movie-theater butter style, or delectably sweet, such as with the caramel and peanut butter chocolate or cinnamon sugar. If you're not sure, you're free to sample as much as you want! Of course, they fill the bags way up to the top so that the popcorn is practically bursting through the seams. We always grab a couple of bags of mixed flavors whenever we're in the area!
5	Good place, good prices. First time there was yesterday. I got the caramel chocolate and peanut butter chocolate.  Yum.  Will be going back to try more!
5	Oh my god is this place amazing, or am I just delirious from all the goodness I shoved in my mouth.  The flavors they come up with are crazy, but yet delicious. On my particular visit they had a dill pickle flavor and they had it spot on. If that makes your mouth water don't get your hopes up that they will have it this week, the flavors change weekly.Something that they do, which I feels puts them at five star rating level, is that if you're not sure of a flavor they allow you to sample it and then decide. Instead of taking a chance on a flavor, taking it home and finding out that your taste buds hate it.  They do have "house flavors," I guess we call it that, that they have all the time.  No one can go wrong with butter flavor ever.Honestly it looks and feels like a store that you might find while walking an old time themed shopping area. Also could feel like an old candy store with the wood and glass counters. Heck, with the way you ogle the popcorn it can look like you're in a candy store.  This is a definite destination if you are on a shopping trip to the Strip.
5	I went this past weekend for the first time and tried the cheddar and caramel mix, OH MY GOODNESS!!!! Some of the best popcorn I've had in a good while, line or no line I'll definitely be back!!!
5	I bought the Chocolate-Peanut Butter. It is the absolute best tasting popcorn ever!!! The staff was very nice and friendly. They have wholesale, cater and fundraisers.
3	Visiting the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company turned out to be a very entertaining experience for us.  We stopped by on a recent Sunday afternoon.  Surprisingly, the line was out the door.  Even though they had several people working, the line didn't seem to move too fast.  The workers are very crazy.  They were breaking out in song and really carrying on like working there is one big party!Liked getting the opportunity to sample.  We picked the Chunky Chocolate Caramel popcorn.  It's good.  We liked it.  But it's nothing I will be craving.  We still have 3/4 of the bag left.  I had heard so much about this popcorn, I was expecting to be wowed.  It's alright.  I also think the store could use a good scrubbing.  I kinda hate to think about where my popcorn has been.
4	Cool store! Bought chocolate-peanut butter drizzed popcorn, gingerbread coated corn and spicey bacon...oh yeah that's a good one! Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because this place is small and I expected a bit more of the popcorn craziness. This is a good idea people, take it to a bigger, better level!
5	I love their popcorn! They have sooo many flavors. Darren brought me some peanut butter chocolate and some kettle corn, and it fixed my day. Good stuff.
5	Can popcorn get better than this? I think not. I usually go for the chocolate and caramel popcorn but they have all sorts of interesting and delicious flavors. You can get popcorn tins to give as gifts or just a to-go bag. They really pack the popcorn in those bags as well. Everytime I go in I'm always like "All that popcorn is never going to fit in there" and sure enough they somehow make it fit. The employee's are typically really friendly and chatty which makes the experience great fun for all.
4	Friendly and helpful staff. I visited the small store in Oakland. Great idea for a present for someone you just don't know what to get them.
5	I LOVE this place.  There was no one in here with us and the guys behind the counter had time to joke with us and provided many samples.  We tried a few of their weekly flavors.  The Peppered Orange Caramel wasn't a favorite of mine - something about the flavors just didn't hit me - but the Cracked Pepper Sea Salt is the perfect combo and the Rice Krispy was heavenly.  It was mostly melted white chocolate, mini mini marshmallows, and "puffed rice" cereal, but there was some popcorn buried in somewhere.  It was decadent, too much, and delicious.  I've also had their chocolate peanut butter and it's the perfect sweet/salty combo.They have three different sizes of bags that you can purchase, but I find that the small is plenty - it's a generous portion that takes one person a few sittings to finish, but if you have a popcorn hound in the house or are having a few friends over, you may want to invest in a larger bag.Top notch service, amazing product, cool spot.  I can't think of a bad thing to say.
5	this place is poppin' !!!! just put it on your hit list !
4	Their flavors change every week, but I think they have a few staples that they always have in store. This is my second time that I stopped here while visiting Pitt, and my favorite so far is the garlic parm! The sweet flavors are nice, but the savory flavors allow me to snack on them like potato chips. The mesquite bbq actually has quite a spicy kick that I didn't expect, and I haven't gotten a chance to try the cheddar yet, but I'll definitely be back. If you're ever in Columbus, they remind me a little bit of Al's Popcorn on Bethel Road!
5	Good popcorn - free samples - friendly guys to talk to. What more could you ask for!!!Definitely worth your time!
5	Flavor of the week: Bacon Ranch! Don't mind if I do!This place is tucked away in the back corner of the strip on 21st street. They have a bunch of flavors to choose from. We got some of the bacon ranch flavor of the week and also the chocolate peanut butter (which almost didn't make it through the drive home lol). Also, being that it's Father's Day and my pops really loves kettle corn. I got him a large bag of the sweet and salty kettle corn. All I have to say is I'm glad this place isn't right down the street from me because I would be there wayyyy too much! It's like crack popcorn and my girlfriend and I can't stop eating it!
4	Love how they give you free samples. The workers are always friendly and helpful. Love this place!
4	This is a MUST STOP in the strip if you like popcorn. If not in the strip there are several other retail locations but the strip location has the widest variety of flavors. They always have the standard: cheddar,kettle,caramel,peanut butter and chocolate, chocolate and caramel but then they always have a few specialty options (my favorites are: salted caramel,chocolate pretzel,chocolate cookie cheesecake, and s'mores). I have also given tins of the popcorn as gifts around the holidays and they have been very well received!
5	Awesome & fresh popcorn, fun and engaging service & Charlie Chaplin films! One of the best places to visit in the The Strip. I don't go to PGH without a trip to Pittsburgh Popcorn!
5	My trip to the strip is never complete without a trip to this store.  I love the popcorn here.  They change up the flavors and keep the classics.  I love that you can get samples before you buy.  Today I got the Dill Pickle and it was delicious; salty.vinegar/crunchy with just enough dill.  I usually get a bag of their cheddar just because it is so yummy.  SO GOOD !!!
5	This place has the friendliest staff and most amazing popcorn! The caramel/chocolate is my favorite!!! If you get there and see a long line don't worry, they are super speedy and quick.
5	I love popcorn and I love Pittsburgh Popcorn. This store seems to always be busy so be prepared to wait. Worth it though!
5	I have a serious addicition to popcorn, and the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company is just a massive enabler. I can say it has the hands down best cheddar cheese popcorn flavor I have ever ingested. It's insanely cheesy, to the point where I you have cheese powder coated hands only two handfuls in. I can't stop ordering this flavor, and I encourage every human that accompanies me to get it as well. There is also a weekly rotation of special flavors. I'm a savory over sweet girl, and I can't get enough of the dill pickle flavor or bacon ranch. Sound weird to you? Every flavor is true to taste in way that makes you ask, "Why haven't I had this before?"The sweet flavors are very sweet, and almost always coated in melted chocolate. I am a fan of a smores special the store has every few weeks. You can also sample while you're there. They also let you combine flavors in bags, and employees have always been helpful when I've asked, "Do you think chocolate peanut butter and dill will do well together?" Answer: Probably not. Get two bags. And I do.
5	I've visited this location twice now on two separate visits to Pittsburgh and now I am pretty sure a trip to Pittsburgh would be incomplete without stopping by. I visited on Saturday morning and the staff were all upbeat, having fun and probably the friendliest people who had to work a Saturday that I've ever encountered. My friends and I were cracking up the whole time, we love stopping there. Also - the line moves very quickly so don't worry if you aren't the first one there.The popcorn is delicious. I think the chocolate raspberry was my favorite, but honestly every kind I tried was flavorful and amazing. Can't wait to come back!
4	$3.99/small bag of popcornDid the touristy thing and went here before I took a flight out. The service was so friendly. I felt as if the people operating this place were friends even though I was only in and out of the store in ~5 minutes. The only drawback was that I found that there were tons of popcorn kernels in my order, making it difficult to eat.
5	I LOVE popcorn!!  Found this place while walking around!!  It's a tiny little place but, its HUGE on service!  You can taste every flavor before buying!!!  I LOVED the popcorn, it was awesome!!
5	I was very fortunate to ran into this hidden gem while walking around the Strip.  I love caramel kettle popcorn so naturally I got excited when I saw the sign.  They give generous amount of sample and immediately you are hooked!  I ended up buying a medium bag of Brown Sugar Caramel and Kettle.  They were less than $5/each!  Shared the caramel with my mom, who was waiting outside of the store and ended up buying another bag for her!  I wish they are close to LA!  Def. worth the stop and also taking it back to wherever you traveled from!
