1	These guys were horrible! I brought my vehicle in for a brand new transmission. It took them three weeks to finish! After returning to me my vehicle it still had transmission problems, and I had to bring in my vehicle again with the new transmission. This took another week and a bunch of phone calls to get ahold of them. I was very displeased with the service as it took forever and I had to bring it in again after they put in the new transmission. The WORST part was a ONE YEAR LATER their new transmission had problems again and was COMPLETELY JUNKED. I took it to the dealership to be done the right way. It cost me thousands and it was only good for a year till it had to be replaced. WHAT A JOKE. I write this review to warn others that I got completly screwed at this AAMCO location.
1	No customer service. No sense of urgency.  Was told by the manager of this place I was going to get a phone call back in 10 mins, that was a failure.  The longest 10mins of my life. Am yet to get a call back.
4	I took my Jeep in and was told my transmission was missing a gear. They completely fixed my Jeep within three days, they took care of my bill with a rental car. They stayed in contact with me about the work. They help me get financed to help pay for the work done. They also recommend I bring back my Jeep for checkups. I think they done well.
5	Had to get a check engine light looked at and this place was able to accommodate my busy schedule.  Shawn was an excellent person to deal with.  He helped make everything clear and earned my trust with his professional demeanor.Anyways, he said the component that was causing the check engine light would take 3 days to acquire and fix and he lived up to it.  Within 3 days i got my car back with that pesky light gone and a fresh oil change which I also requested.Will be going back there to get an oil change again this friday since my 3000 miles are up.
5	Kurt and all the guys at AAMCO were amazing fixing the transmission in our 07 Suburban.  After looking at our car their description was that a "grenade had gone off in our transmission."  Ouch!! They were quick to put it back together and even when there were a couple of glitches, they were quick to resolve the problems.  No one ever wants car problems, but if we have them again we will definitely go back to AAMCO!
