5	This is my favorite local nail salon. JoAnn did my acrylics for years and she is amazing! Now I get gel manicures and everyone in the shop does an equally good job. It always feels friendly and welcoming. I'm a loyal customer.
5	I don't get my nails done at the salon too often, as I enjoy doing them myself and I'm a perfectionist about the polish application.  Bubbles, missed edges, and over-painting onto skin drive me a little nuts.  I am currently pregnant and can't quite reach my toes anymore because my belly has reached epic proportions.  I wanted to find a nail shop that felt clean, sanitary, and well-ventilated for the baby's sake, and also felt pampering and relaxing for my own sake.  I tried a few places in Ahwatukee and Chandler, and Valley Nails is the only one that met all my nit picky criteria.  Most importantly, they keep the place well ventilated (great for pregnant ladies with sensitive sniffers or concerns about chemical fumes).  Most of the other shops I went into had that horrible chemical smell that made me feel like I was probably giving my baby some sort of terrible disease by breathing in.  Valley Nails had a barely perceptable nail salon smell and that was a huge relief.Second, I enjoyed a wonderful pedicure and they did a meticulous job.Third, my pedicure lasted me a LONG time (several weeks) which is a miracle for my feet.  My home pedicures usually only last a week because I have so many shoes that rub the tops of my toes and my big toe naturally curls upward to aid in this process.Fourth, the prices were average, middle of the road prices, but I really felt like I got what I paid for.Fifth, on a splurge I sprang for a design on my big toes which is super cute.  They really do have some fine artists in residence there and it has been fun to show my feet off these past weeks.Finally, I left feeling substantially more relaxed than when I went in.  Between a lovely foot massage, a comfortable massaging captain's chair, and an all-around pleasant experience, I got some good relaxation done.I'm about to call them to make my next appointment (although they take walk-ins) and wanted to post my review on Yelp as a thanks for helping me find this little gem of a nail shop.
5	There's been more than once I've spotted some adorable toes and asked where they got them done and it was always here, so I thought I had to try to.  This isn't the nicest salon, many of the massage chairs are broken and everything is pretty worn out, they don't do a great job with the pumice or massaging, but the nail art is phenomenal!  The first time I got hot pink toes with argyle and the second time zebra stripes with silver accents.  I've never received so many compliments and they lasted nearly a month.  This is my new go to place for fancy toes.
5	Valley Nails is a fabulous place for nails and waxing.  Cookie is the best for waxing, you will find no one better.  The salon is clean and everyone is very friendly.  I would highly recommend IThem!LCP
3	Finally leaving my review from my visit in November. Overall this place is A-OK; nothing horrible but nothing spectacular either... typical nail salon.Pros:Doesn't reek of polish / remover fumesAmazing nail artCons:Long wait, even with an appointmentConstantly pressured to do the "gel" nails (*poof* went my relaxation)Was asked if I had cash when I offered my credit card as payment
4	I've been getting my nails done by JoAnn at Valley Nails since 2004. Due to a negative pedicure experience at a nail salon in Los Angeles, I do my own pedicures, so I only go to JoAnn for fills. She quickly learned how I like my nails done and does a great job making them look natural. I've referred a few other friends to her and all have been pleased as well. My mom goes to her for pedicures and couldn't be happier with the result which means they do keep a clean salon and have improved even more over the years. There have been very few times that I've had to wait even with an appointment, and it's usually because people before me came in late etc. It hasn't been because they squeezed in a walk-in right before me which is so common at most nail salons. From what I have seen, this place sticks to the appointment book as much possible. And also as with most nail salons, they do accept credit cards, but prefer cash if you have it.
4	Good nails, and now I am getting to know the technicians, so I am having fun here.
4	A group of us girls decided to treat ourselves to a Saturday Spa Day and started by visiting Valley Nails for pedicures.  Despite the fact that we didn't have an appointment and they were fairly busy, we were acknowledged as soon as we walked in the door and they were able to fit us in pretty quickly, which was very appreciated! The girl who did my pedicure did a great job.  She was attentive and actually took the time to really massage my legs and feet.  My only "complaint" was that she tried to constantly up-sell and add-on things: sugar scrub, manicure, callus remover, etc.  Even after I did give in and take her up on the manicure idea, she continued to try to get me to upgrade to the gel manicure, despite the fact that I politely turned her down several times.  She was never rude about it, and even after I said "no" she was still very polite and did a nice job with the basic manicure I asked for, so really not a huge problem.  Overall, I would recommend this place and plan on going back.
1	I have been going here for a couple months because it is walking distance from my house and they have done alright. But i went in today and the lady royally messed up my acrylic nails. She put every single one on crooked, then proceded to say that she would even them out when she shaped them. They are still all slanted. I will NEVER be going back to this place again, She also cut my cutlicles till they bled and continued to laugh about it. Do not go here if you want nice looking nails. Pink polish is a much better place with better nail technicians.
5	This is an updated review for my favorite nail salon.  I've been coming here for years and they are consistent, friendly, and accommodating.  Recently the owners invested in some great upgrades including new pedicure chairs that give a better massage than any others I've ever seen.  They also use a replaceable liner in the foot bath, which is a nice touch that keeps me from worrying about cleanliness.  Nevertheless, Valley Nails is kept clean from top to bottom. The new tile floor also adds additional polish to the place.I've also become addicted to JoAnn's gel nails.  They last me three weeks and she is such a perfectionist.    Long story short, this place is great.
2	While I'm not a big fan of non-standard nail establishments (see my Madison Avenue review, then let Debra or Kate work their magic on you), Valley Nails definitely gets it done. Some of the best nail designs you will ever see. So it pains me to write this review!The only reason why I have to knock off three stars is false advertising. And excessive push for additional services I said "no" to multiple times.Back in my student days when home one summer, I just wanted an express pedicure. Didn't need the crazy scrubs, massage, just some sexy looking toes. When I presented my ID while cashing out, the woman turned to speak with another woman and told me because I didn't spend over $30, I would only get $5 off my service. ... Not a single sign in sight that states this stipulation on any service menu in the salon. Yeup, very shady, Valley Nails!If you're not going to honor what's advertised or at least post the stipulation of what you told me ... Don't offer it, period.I paid and left without being too disgruntled, but not too sure I'll be back.
4	I go here every 2-3 weeks. Staff is always very accommodating and allow walk-ins which is wonderful for my schedule!
5	Love this place. I am only here for a 6 months and I come every two weeks for a mani and pedi. Very clean and professional. Great job ladies.
5	This place is great! They always take such great care of me and my daughter! They are friendly and provide excellent service!
4	Great place for waxing! They are so nice and professional. :)
5	I have been a customer of Valley Nails for the last 10 years.  I have had only the most positive experiences with this salon.  They truly care about their customers and customer satisfaction with every visit.They are diligent in their cleanliness with their tools and the soaking tubs.  They continually add new methods and technology, for instance their new pedicure chairs that have replaceable liners and the latest in gel products.Julie is my favorite nail technician because she is a perfectionist, but honestly all the nail techs here are good AND their employee retention is crazy good, which tells me the employees are happy working there and and a happy employee delivers better services.Prices are reasonable and my daughter has received a student discount for many yearsI don't and won't go anywhere else - Valley Nails is great.
5	I've been coming here ever since I was little and wouldn't go anywhere else to get my nails done! I love the familiar faces of the staff and they always do an amazing job! I live in Tempe now but drive the distance just to get my eyebrows done by Cookie!
5	I have been getting nails done for years here and have never written a review, but this is a top notch place. The mani and pedi service is great and the gel nail options are plentiful. I love the massage chairs and the people.. Thanks Mae, Julie and Holly who have done our nails.
