2	Nothing too special about the food, quality is ok. Very small selection of items to choose from.
2	I'm a fat kid at heart. I love food. I would eat eat cupcakes and onion rings for breakfast if I could afford the crane to move me about. Since I cannot, I'm always looking for healthy lunch spots in Henderson. Teriwoki I thought fit the bill. I was greeted by a lovely pint sized Asian woman and an even smaller menu. They serve two things. Torn between the fried rice and teriyaki bowl, I went with the rice. I opted for brown rice ($1.50 up-charge) and chicken. She explained they use twice as much rice with the brown rice hence the up-charge. $9.50 and 10 minutes later I have leave with container packed with food. They loaded the container, but I feel like they should for the price. I anxiously take my first bite and am soon greeted by blandness. It had all the climax of the "Cloverfield" movie. I ate my lunch and had leftovers. I opted to throw them out. It wasn't worth saving. There are better alternatives in the neighborhood.
4	I stopped by Teriwoki yesterday after finishing work. I got the beef fried rice and the boyfriend got the chicken yakisoba. Both were sooooo good. The fried rice, you get a choice of two vegetables. I chose cabbage and broccoli (the other two vegetables they offered were bean sprouts and pineapple).  The fried rice was all freshly made and was nicely flavored and had a little bit of charring from frying it in the wok. YUM! My boyfriend's yakisoba was even more delicious. It was not drowned with any type of teriyaki sauce and had a lot of fresh vegetables in it. It had cabbage, broccoli, carrots, and bean sprouts. The next time, I want to get the teriyaki bowl. I didn't see until after I ordered that they offer it with brown rice for a $1 more. The woman who took our order was very sweet and funny. The interior is very clean and you can tell they just newly opened this year. I remember in May, seeing their door and laughing because it said "AH = Poke" and we were like wtf o_0. They didn't have poke... so I don't know why that was on the door then. Anyway, will be back. The prices are decent at about $7.95 for yakisoba and fried rice, and $5.95-6.95 for the teriyaki bowls.
4	I love this place- Yummy Stuff.... The fried rice is chow down good and for $0.25 you get a side of Siracha - mix that baby in with your fried rice- Ohhh Baby... I like the create your own fried rice concept however there isn't much to chose from- pineapple,cabbage,broccoli and bean sprouts. I think this place should offer many selections like carrots,mushrooms,chinese sausage,spam(us Guamanians love our spam fried rice!!!) Ohh even crab... I did suggest my thoughts to the owner.The Yakisoba here is just as good- the noodles turn out semi crisp on the ends and the Yakisoba noodles and sauce is sooo good. The BF said this is the best Yakisoba he has had in his whole life. The Spicy pork bowl is hella good too. You do get your moneys worth of food- she isn't stingy with her servings...The owner is a very fiesty pleasent lady who says she has owned a big restrauant before and then retired. Then I think like most retired people she got tired of doing nothing so she opened Teri Woki. She said she serves what she would serve her family at home. I like her.... she is in no rush to change up too much because she said she will work at a slow pace while still enjoying life!!!!
