4	I've been waiting patiently for this place to open up after the previous Mexican place closed down at this location --- it was definitely worth the wait!I work in the same plaza where Mi Familia opened up and have gotten to know Jim, the owner of the other Mi Familia Mexican Food restaurant, quite well.  He frequents my workplace for lunch and is always so charismatic and hilarious.  So when it was time for them to open up, I made sure to grab some lunch during its first week.  I had went in to order togo lunch for my boss and me today.  The first thing I noticed was the modern look and comfy atmosphere of the place.  It's a huuuge step up from how it looked before!  The walls were bright and cheery, the ceilings were exposed, and the black furnishings and walls helped tie everything together.   Minimalistic and elegant.  It was rather nice and there was some soft music playing in the background.After looking at their huuuge menu for a couple of minutes, I decided to order combo plates 37 [two tamales] and the 30 [two enchiladas] at $8 each.  After a short wait and a trip to the salsa bar, I found myself walking away with some really delicious smelling for and some free chips.  Yay!First impression of the food?  Everything was really fresh and delicious!  I ended up only finishing half my combo plate at lunch and finished the rest for dinner.  The portions are decent, everything was tasty, and I'll definitely be back for more [I hope to see Jim next time]!  This place comes reccomended!
5	Very nice atmosphere and great food.... If you love salsa this is the place, and that comes from a very picky salsa lover
1	I am always looking to try new Mexican food restaurants and knew this plaza which is anchored by the Fry's grocery store I go to had a Mexican joint.  So I had the taste for some Mexican food today and found Mi Familia Mexican Food on my Yelp app.  It only had two reviews one by a noob and the the second by someone with over a 100 reviews which had more clout in my book.  So I head over and could not find a parking space in front and drove by to find a space across the lot and it appeared to be under construction.  I thought it was weird since the reviews were from a month prior.  I walk to the door and find a lien letter stating it was closed.  What a let down, I was having a tantrum in my mind.  I took a pic of the letter and posted it.  I walked over a few doors to another restaurant and wasn't sold by the appearance and Yelp reviews.  I left and ate something different altogether.This space in this plaza has held several Mexican Food places which none have survived.  I hope the next spot luck!
