5	Proper shop and gallery. Hand picked exclusive lines for men that would hold true in any city. Owners present and knowledgeable about products and industry. This space exemplifies the culture binding between art, music and fashion. Highly Recommended!
5	The Phoenicia Association is a really unique high-end men's fashion store. They are the exclusive provider of many of their brand's in Arizona. They have everything from Raw Selvedge Japanese Denim to jackets, shirts, and hoodies that are all part of unique clothing lines. The store is chopped in half, on one side are these tasty little treats I spoke of earlier; and the other is a rotating monthly art gallery. They have turntables which are open for use and are always playin' some dubstep. All in all they are doing things pretty nicely at the Phoenicia Association and it's the spot I've been going for the last year to get my latest outfits.
5	I went in to check out the new drop of denim that the boys at The Phoenicia Association got in and left with a new pair of Naked and Famous Raw Selvedge Denim, Weird Guy cut; and a shirt by Wrath Arcane with the sickest little pocket that drops from your breast to your waist (perfect for my lighter and cigs) with a little zipper at the bottom. Spent a nice chunk of dough but nothing crazy for such a nice combo I can wear to dinner with the parents or to Old Town/Downtown on a Saturday night.
5	Love this place.  I went to Phoenicia when I was in Phx last month, and I'm glad I did.  The staff was well-informed, friendly and articulate.  I bought two t-shirts and a sweater and remain stoked about my purchases.  It's nice to wear something unique as opposed to mass produced.  I hope this place grows and expands to SF!
5	This spot has threads you can't find anywhere else in the valley.  The owners Kyle and Jeff are awesome;  they are very knowledgeable about fashion, art, music and culture, and have great taste.   Its not only a gallery of quality and tasteful clothing, but an art gallery as well.   They host many notable and prevalent artists work from around the world as well as the valley.  I highly recommend paying the place a visit.
5	Great place to grab a few unique pieces that'll step up your style game. While you're there you can take a gander at the avant guard art on display too.
5	These guys here, awesome, since day one. I've been excited for a business of this kind to enter the Phoenix downtown for quite some time.  The overall experience is amazing here, between the customer service(kindness/knowledge/etc) you receive, layout and location.  Always keeping it progressive with new, up and coming designers/lines, they'll be sure to keep you looking fresh. Thoroughly impressed throughout, keep it up fellas.
5	I always make sure to stop by Phoenicia whenever I am in town to holler at owners Jeff and Kyle. They are easy to talk to and know exactly where style is headed next. I love love love the art exhibitions they display every month, especially the current photo exhibit from New York artist Rick Kim. It gives me a chance to get some well-needed culture while my boyfriend hogs the dressing room trying on every piece in the store. Lucky for me they also sell womens jewelry and some of their clothing pieces are uni-sex, so I always find something to purchase for myself. All in all a top notch store by any standards but even more so when you remember you are in downtown Phoenix. Such a great mix of style, art and design, and my boyfriend is obsessed with their hard to find denim, hoodies, outerware and ecclectic t-shirt collection. Not to be missed!
5	i am thankful something like this can and does exist in phoenix. the retail and gallery space are both amazing. as previously mentioned, the merch here, you can't find anywhere else locally.we're lucky to have these guys. thanks to kyle and jeff for having a vision and executing it well.
