4	I've been here a good number of times. This is a great place if you're in the mood for Chinese food. Everything is delicious, I think I've tried almost everything on the menu at least once. The interior is always clean, service is always quick, and the sound of the chefs behind the counter make the place very lively and busy-feeling. It's always crowded for lunch, take what you may from that fact. I only wish there there was a bit more variety to some of the dishes, because choosing from their menu is like making a sandwich. There's always going to be some kind of meat with rice or noodles, it just basically depends on the type of meat you choose.
5	Gluten-Free/Allergy SensitiveHave small GF menu, but at least you can go.Never had problem here. Spicy Sweet Sour shrimp is what I order and it is really spicy.Ask for the GF soy sauce for your table, they don't automatically bring it.
4	As others have said, this is a spin off of the PF Chang chain, but it's like fast food style.  You order up front and they bring the food to you, so they cut cost on wait staff etc.  And it's fairly fast.One thing I'd definitely recommend is the hot and sour soup.  If you are with a group of a few people, get 1 bowl.  It isn't a typical bowl, there is enough soup for 5 people.  And it's tasty.
3	I used to love to eat at Pei Wei but the last few meals I have had have been disappointing to say the least.  We just ordered it for probably the last time which is what prompted this review.  My wife got the chopped chicken salad which used to be full of chicken but the last few times it is hard to find any chicken in the bowl.  I got the Mongolian beef and although the taste is not bad, once again, there just is not much to it.  They may just be cutting back because of the economy but I guess I have to as well since I am not getting my money's worth anymore.  Two years ago when they opened, I would have given them 4 stars....not so much anymore.
4	One Liner: I wish we have one of those by my officeFood: (scale of 0-4) 3.1I was down in Charlotte working my ____ off during the weekend. I found this interesting looking fast food place (apparently fast food by PF Chang's?) I decided to try it. I ended up having it 3 times in as many days. The menu is very ordinary. However, the food was totally unexpected. The pad thai was really good. It's nothing like the authentic thai dish, but the creation provided a great alternative taste. I added about 3 spoon full of the vietnamese chili sauce. The combination well deserved my stomach space. All that for 8 bucks. The drink was complimentary if you get the food to go!Extras: (Scale of 0-1)  0.8Service 0.2: This appears to be a well manages chain. The service was good. The food got to me fast. I can't complain. Decor 0.2: It might be billed as "fast food", the restaurant is actually well appointed. It's a good experience even for eat in.Speed 0.2: Dessert 0: Prices 0.2: Check out their web site.....most common dished are 7 or 8 bucks. The specialties are just a bit more.My score for this experience is 3.9 stars.I'm bumping it up to 4. A week after my last experience, I'm still drooling just thinking about the pad thai.
4	This concept owned by PF Changs is a solid and quick alternative to the real thing. I was in the car with my family yesterday and hunger started to set in. We were in and out of Pei Way in about 20 minutes. My kids loved the teriyaki chicken. It did not have too much sauce, it was just right. I love that they give the option for white or brown rice. My husband and I split the pad thai. The portions are pretty big. They also offer some gluten free menu items. Its a great lunch spot for a chain restaurant.
4	AMAZING place, very good food, and great portions, very filling. I love the style of food, the atmosphere, and the service. They are very quick and prompt, our appetizers came out in a matter of minutes (4 or 5 tops), and the meals came out perfectly after we got done with the opening dish. The only downside to this place I can think of is the selection, while all the meals are very good, the diversity is a little on the low side.
4	I like this place when I am looking for a quick, consistent fix. I'm an adventurous person but when I find a dish somewhere that I like, I stick with it. I always want to walk on the wild side and try something new but I just can't quit the pad thai. I've only ordered variations of their Pad Thai and it's been great every single time. I just call and voila-pick it up in 10 to 15 minutes and I'm out the door. The portions are huge which usually leaves me some for another meal during the wk.I know their parent company is the PF Changs and for some reason, I've never been there but after having Pei Wei's food, I am definitely adding it to my list!
4	Great place for quick takeout. Have small seating area too.
4	As an ex-pat from Southern California, I consider Pei Wei to be a little bit of the home we left behind. As an offshoot of the PF Chang chain, it originated in the Phoenix area about a decade ago, and was in SoCal about eight years ago. It serves food quickly from a pan-Asian menu in the fast-casual style--stand in line to place your order and pay, then take your seat and the food is (usually) delivered in about 10 minutes.I have the same thing every time: Kung Pao chicken on white rice. The vegetables are crisp, the chicken is plentiful and good, the serving is just the right size. That, a beer, and the chance to sit and relax a little while after eating, gives me a great night out after work.Heartily recommended.
5	Great Food at a reasonable price. Excellent choices for Vegetarians! Order at the counter & have a seat. A micro-version of P.F. Changs.Fantastic for a quick pick-up to take home after a long day at work.
4	For a fast-casual restaruant, I am pleased with Pei Wei. It is very clean and the food always seems to be fresh.  I like the fact that they have a good selection of different styles of Asian dishes...whether you are in the mood for Pad Thai or Mandarin style Kung Pao Chicken.  The gluten free Vietnamese rolls are good here too. I have eaten in several times and the preparation of the food is pretty quick.  I have also picked up take-out, which can be ordered online or by phone.  If you are looking  for an inexpensive, fast, and convenient place with good quality, this is a great choice!
5	Excellent food - you will not be disappointed.
5	Always good, Very Clean restaurant and the food is great for a fast -Casual Restaurant.
3	Pei Wei, as already mentioned, is PF Chang's Jr.  It's a pretty simple menu.  You basically pick what style of entree you want, then choose your protein (chicken, beef, tofu. shrimp) or extra veggies.  Like Chang's, they incorporate elements of several Asian cultures.  The food is definitely good, and the brown, nutty steamed rice is delicous too.  Though still pretty cheap at about $8 for most entress, you have to pay extra if you want side items and those are expensive.  A spring roll is $2, crab wontons are about $1 each but sold in orders of 2,4, or 6.  If it wasn't for the slightly high price compared to our local Chinese restaurant, I'd give them 4 stars, plus the local place seems to have larger portions.  That being said, however, a bogo free coupon from Pei Wei definitely made me go check it out again and it was a nice change.  If you want some of PF Chang's food served quicker and cheaper, go here.
4	I would definitely recommend Pei Wei if you're looking for fresh quality ingredients at a very fair price.  I've tried just about everything on the menu and it's all really good except for the green curry which I found very bland to my taste.  Other than that everything else has been really good and the prices are more than reasonable.  Two entree's will run you about $17 with tax (no drink).
5	I absolutely love Pei Wei. I keep coming back and back. Kung Pao chicken is to die for, one of my favorite foods. Service is what it is, minimal, but what is done is done well. Always very fast, and the place is usually busy.
4	Never really disappointed when we go to Pei Wei. I find consistency,prices,service and ease of ordering the standouts here. Wish there was more room for diners b/c sometimes there are no table available w/o a bit of a wait. That tells me that they are doing things right I guess!! Untill we find an Asian restaurant that meets our expectations, Pei Wei will be the one we choose when we crave Chinese food.
4	Very good, consistent, reasonably priced food.  Great for take out.  Easy to call ahead and pick up when ready.Some dishes I find a little salty but overall flavorful and some interesting combinations. Favorites are PeiWei spicy chicken (salad too), Dan Dan noodles, lettuce wraps, crab rangoons.  Think the Kung Pao is salty but flavorful. Fun to sit at the counter with your kids and feel the heat from the flames when the cooks are using the woks!
5	Listen.  I'm going to get flack for giving Pei Wei 5 stars....along with farm-to-table restaurants, and home-grown family owned hole-in-the-walls with 10x's more charm and character.  But sometimes, you just gotta have a fast, guilty pleasure, fake Chinese food meal, and I have no problem going to Pei Wei for it. Perhaps Pei Wei holds a special place in my heart, because I ate it all the time living in Kansas, among all the casual chain eateries.  It's reasonably priced, and super consistent.  Entrees can come with brown rice, which is a huge plus.  This location's got a Freestyle soda machine (strawberry Sprite Zero anybody?) TIP:  Check out their website/FB page for deals, like BOGO diner select entrees.  (Diner selects are half the size of the full entree, and include a side like wonton soup or an egg roll.) TIP #2: Lunch is crazy busy with all the businesses nearby with workers in need of noshing.  Plan accordingly for a bit of a wait.
5	We've been going here since we moved to Charlotte in 2009. The food is very consistent, and the service is good. Very accommodating to small children. The caramel chicken is my favorite.The new coca cola vending machine is a bit gimmicky, but all in all, just as good food as PF Changs for half the price.
3	I liked this place but didn't love it. I wanted to like it more, the concept of fast cooked to order gourmet food was very exciting to me! They have great lunch specials but I opted for the steak lo mein...the food was hot when it arrived at the table but I didn't like the flavors. It tasted very sweet to me, and was not a good compliment to the steak. I did like the way the steak was prepared though, very tender and juicy. I will give them one more try but I will make sure to select another item on the menu. With all the great reviews, I'm hoping for a great next visit.
2	The category for this place needs to be corrected, because it's NOT Asian food... it's bad American food shaped to resemble Asian food.  Regardless of what cuisine you call it, it's just not good.  The ingredients used are low quality and most of the dishes I've tried are WAY WAY too sweet.. they must put a ton of sugar in there, and it really turns you off to the dish and makes you feel horrible by the time you're finishing.  It seems they pile on the sugar to cover the taste of the cheap ingredients.  If you're someone who downs sweet tea and thinks Domino's is good pizza, then this place will be great for you.  If you like the complexity of well prepared quality flavors/ingredients, this place will be a big disappointment.  I guess to be more fair and put it in perspective, this place is to Asian food as Jack in the Box is to a home grilled burger.
4	The Pei Wei in Ballantyne is very consistent on quality and service.  Changes to dish are easy and the wait time is within' acceptable limits. I sometimes go here for lunch and order either the Orange Peel or the Spicy Korean (creature of habit).  They have one Coke (black) Freestyle machine, which means you may have to wait to get your drink (however, they do have Dr. Pepper!!!).  The place will get packed during lunch time, so go early or later.  Be careful how you park in the parking lot, the spaces are narrow!  If you go during lunch time, it is easier to park at the CVS/pharmacy.
5	My wife and I love coming to Pei Wei at least once a week.  Food is always great and service is fast.
3	First time at Pei Wei after a day of moving, and I didn't know what to expect.  I felt a little rushed, though, because of the line behind me and I wasn't sure of the items on the menu, or how the combo worked vs. a specialty meal.  Plus not all of the items on the menu had prices so I couldn't judge much by that either.  I randomly chose the Honey Seared Shrimp dish, which was delicious, but I felt guilty with every bite since it was so heavily covered in the honey sauce.  Love the rice noodles with it though!  First came the WonTon soup to share, which was okay.  Then 4 pc. Crab Wontons, also, okay.  Others ordered the Teriyaki chicken combo, and liked it a lot, but thought the Spring rolls were boring.  They agreed that for $3 more they would have gotten the specialty dish and skipped the roll, while I thought for $3 more I got almost the same amount of meat as they did.  Overall, I don't think I'd go out of my way to go there again, but wouldn't pass it up if the opportunity arose with friends, and I had some extra $$ on hand.  I do agree with others who it was better than P.F. Chang's.
3	Coming from NY, I've been looking for good Chinese food here in CLT. I've yet to find a place I'd return to. As a result, Pei Wei has become my standby for acceptable, reasonably priced Chinese. It has good, solid Asian flavors. Nothing extraordinary, nothing amazing, and almost always too high in sodium, but at least the flavors work. I've had many things on the menu and tend to rotate between the Mandarin Kung Pao, Pei Wei Spicy and the occasional Orange Peel. Truth be told, the sauces are all kind of similar, just the veggies change out. I'm not a fan of their wonton soup, it tries too hard to be fancy. The hot and sour soup is not hot enough. Usually I go with either the lettuce wraps or the spring rolls if I want an appetizer. I still wish I could find a good Chinese place, but in the interim, Pei Wei works.
3	The service was good for my take out order but the food was "ok". Given it is a division of PF Changs (which I love), I expected a bit more in terms of flavor and overall food quality. While the food was "do able in a pinch", I don't know that I would choose to go there again with other tastier places in the neighborhood.
4	The Honey Tofu was really tasty. I didn't love the tofu preparation (thin sliced and pan fried) but the sauce was delicious. Complex, well balanced flavors. The Thai wonton soup was nice as well. Regular wonton soup with fresh basil added. Overall was a nice easy lunch stop.
3	Pei Wei is an Asian inspired chain owned by PF Changs but at a lower price point (~$7). I really liked the large vertical panel screens on the way from the door to the register. These screens show the different options on the menu: salads, noodle and rice bowls, signature dishes, etc. I ordered the new Thai chicken wrap and the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken Salad. The Thai Chicken wrap was very disappointing. The chicken tasted like fish!! That really threw me off, and the flavors did not taste Thai at all. I couldn't eat more than two lettuce wraps before the fish taste made me want to gag. BUT the spicy chicken that came with the salad was pretty good for cheap American imitation of Chinese flavors. The salad itself was also really refreshing. The only issue I had with it was that there was way too much spicy chicken sauce that covered the salad. Next time, I'd ask for less sauce. Overall, the experience was to be expected for Americanfied Chinese food. However, I probably will just stick to authentic Chinese food for around the same price. [39 of 100]
4	P F Chang at  1/2 the price! - 1 star because the bathrooms are iffy at best.Food is awesome and consistent
4	Finding out Pei Wei was related to PF Changs, which I have always been a fan, I wanted to check it out. I was in the area @ 11:00, right at opening & decided on an early drop in. Being that I wasn't too hungry, I decided to give a few appetizers a try. I ordered the wonton soup, pork egg roll, and crab ran goons. All were fabulous, but the pork egg roll was my favorite. Steaming hot, with a great filling of ground pork, scallions, carrots, and a few others things, served w/ a hot mustard sauce, amazing. The soup was warm and had three great wontons. As for the crab, filled and served w/ a chili sauce. Another thing to point out, the service was great. I look forward to returning, for another egg roll & an entree this time.
3	Decent food. I'd go back for quick Asian food.
4	This is a quick and easy version of their sister restaurant; PF Changs. Place your order. Dishes are broken down with your choice of meats or tofu, take your number, sit down, and in a few minutes they bring you your perfectly stir fried fresh and yummy meal. It's also cheaper and it has a theater style kitchen so you can sit and watch the chefs make your meal if you like. Cheap, yummy, easy, fresh, and vegetarian if you so choose.
5	I just love sitting at the bar at Pei Wei. I can watch the people cooking. Very exciting and interesting.  I usually order Mandarin Kung Pao with chicken because I LOVE peanuts. I have never had a bad experience at Pei Wei.
4	Yum!! Okay, no, this isn't authentic Chinese food and it's about as American as you get! I don't care, though! It's just what the doctor ordered sometimes! Location is convent and easy to find. Employees are very friendly and helpful. Bathrooms were clean. The food is delicious! Sesame chicken is my fav and my go to. I will definitely be back when I'm in ballentyne!
1	Just got our takeout and opened it up... yikes.  As a vegetarian for 12 years who recently has decided to give in to easily available protein options, it seems as though it's just not meant to be.  The chicken strips in the chopped chicken salad I just received looks like it was steamed, put in a freezer for weeks, then thrown on the grill right before I got it.  The inside is watery and the edges are transparent.  Harris Teeter's to go salads would be a better choice.  Thanks but no thanks.
4	I was skeptical of this place since I wasn't sure what an "Asian diner" meant, but we decided to try it anyway. It's like an express PF Changs - it's owned by the same company and they have some of PF Changs items on the menu. You order at the counter, they give you a number and then they bring your food out to you. We got the lettuce wraps as an app and they were really good - they tastes the same as they do at PF Changs. I ordered a weird shrimp dish which I wasn't so thrilled avoid, but I don't really like shrimp so I don't know why I ordered it in the first place. It was good enough for what it was. Next time I'll stick to li mein :).
3	Considering they are an affiliate of PF Changs the menu items are different and unlike PF Changs.  The food is good and fresh and the atmosphere is cool but it still trails their predecessor.  They do a lot of take out business which is understandable because the parking is rather small considering its a shared lot with multiple other businesses who compete for parking.
3	Damn it Pei Wei, your food's alright but out of the 10-ish or so times I've been here, my order has been COMPLETELY right only three times (one of those times I just ordered edamame). What gives??I don't have crazy orders, I just like to leave certain ingredients out (sugar snap peas, string beans, onions, scallions, ginger, & cilantro) but one or more of those things inevitably makes it into my stir-fry. Most of the people who take the orders do a great job of reading everything back, so it has to be the cooks who aren't reading the order carefully enough which I guess isn't a HUGE deal, but very annoying. If you have food allergies I would probably avoid this place since the cooks may overlook whatever modifications you make to the menu.Also, one time some old, stupid bitch took my order. I'm not sure if she still works there anymore, it was a couple of years ago, but while I was telling her my order she kept interrupting me every time I told her to leave something out. I understand that the Thai Dynamite or Honey Seared or whatever I ordered that day does not normally come with snap peas & string beans, but since I am ordering it with tofu & VEGGIES, they automatically add that shit in & I do not want them.. not sure why she couldn't comprehend that & why she was so rude & kept interrupting me. I was pretty pissed & wanted to eat somewhere else, but decided to stay because the BF really wanted the Caramel Chicken.A couple of highlights are the chili sauce they serve and if you order your meal with tofu and veggies, you don't get boring regular tofu. They give you delicious, meatier firm bean curds with the brown edges which I LOVE & why this two-star place gets an extra star from me!
4	My husband and I came here for dinner. The cashier was very friendly and helpful with the menu. I had the sweet and sour shrimp with fried rice, and a side of edamame. The fried rice was okay. The shrimp and edamame were delicious!!
4	Great dine in or take out restraint! I don't even know how Panda is still in business. Good prices as we'll as the food. Good place for young people to grab a bite!
4	YUM!  As a lover of PF Changs Mongolian Beef, Pei Wei makes a spot on version quickly.Arriving on a pretty Friday in spring, I was one of the first people in around 11:20, but by noon the place was packed to the gills, the Ballantyne crowd must really like their quick Chinese food, and while this is quick Chinese food, it is of better quality, and along with that a higher cost, than your typical Chinese takeout joint.Parking lot is a hot mess. Spots are the new norm of slightly larger than a compact spot and you have 90% of the lot as SUV's and minivans, so be prepared to crawl into a back window to get into your car.You have a combination of people who work nearby and appeared to be on a time constraint and Ballantyne housewives who have nowhere to be and all day to get there.  There is also a small subset of people who have never seen a Coke Freestyle machine before (the same people who start getting their shit together at the ATM once they are in front of the machine and also write checks at the grocery store still).Inside is LOUD.  There is the clang of the woks, the chairs scraping across the hard floor and folks talking.  LOUD.  Walk along the wall to the counter where you will place your order and get a cup for your drink and a number to put on your table.  Someone will bring your food to you.The food:Mongolian Beef with white rice ($9) - Exactly the same as the PF Changs version, only you don't get to see the giant horses on the way in.  It was a nice lunchtime portion, and arrived SMOKING hot to the table.Snickerdoodle cookie ($1) - soft and snickerdoodly.  Drink - Coke Freestyle machine - SCORE!  I was very happy with my cherry ginger ale.I work and live closer to PF Changs, and since they now have lunch portions for very reasonable prices, that include a cup of soup, I will probably not frequent Pei Wei, but should I find myself in the area, I definitely would not hesitate to try some appetizers and get another delicious order of Mongolian Beef.
2	I found the service to be severely lacking but really enjoyed the food. It's true when people say this is a "second rate PF Chang's" because they are owned by the same company but the food is good at a lower price. You order your food and then receive a number to take to your table for your food to be brought to you. I was with a group of about six or seven and our "waitress" was either incredibly new or incredibly uninterested in learning the menu. She consistently brought each person the wrong meal they ordered. And then when she would bring the food out, she wasn't sure which meal was which. She couldn't tell the difference between a meal with chicken or tofu. It got to the point where the service was so comically bad, we thought it was all an elaborate joke. I would go back for take out orders but wouldn't want to deal with a similar hassle of dining-in like I experienced.
4	This was one of my favorite places to go for lunch while on contract in the Ballantyne area. They have several tasty options for people of all dietary preferences. Every meal I have had at Pei Wei has been well made and not over cooked (it's amazing how many people don't know how to cook broccoli). Their tofu is great (it's amazing how many people don't know how to cook tofu).Even during the lunch rush, they are pretty good about getting out well made orders. I have never had a problem getting back to work on time taking a lunch here and that is important. The atmosphere is rather nice nice. Dimly lit but on a nice day there is a nice amount of sun light coming in through the large windows. Plenty of seating. I never once had to wait for a table during the lunch rush.All around Pei Wei is a solid choice for lunch in Ballantyne area. Heck, it wouldn't even be a bad spot for a date. Oh, and yes, they do server beer. Not a great selection, but they do.
3	Cafeteria style dining. Fair to good food. You don't need large portions when ordering unless you share. Suggest grabbing a table before ordering or you may find yourself with no where to sit.
4	Went to Pei Wei's for my first time and I was impressed. Good prices for lunch and plenty of food. The chicken I had was cooked to perfection! The only reason I have four stars was because of the service, I think the service could have been a tad better. Our food was cooked and ready to go and they didn't bring it out right away and they weren't too busy, but that's my only complaint.
4	I think for what they offer, the food is at a perfect price. I can easily eat here with a drink, for less than $10.Some people may not like the fact that you have to fill up your own drinks and also get your own eating utensils. But the way I see it, that's a couple more dollars I save on a tip.And that's the theme you'll notice when eating here, is their mission is to give you the best looking, high quality good at an affordable price. Keep doing what your doing Pei Wei!Also, they just added sushi to their menu. I got 4 pieces the other week, and it was awesome!
3	Pei Wei is slipping a little in my opinion. I used to love this place when they first opened (7 or 8 years ago) and I'd go all the time. However, I feel like the food hasn't been as good the last few years. At least, the chicken lo mien isn't very good. It's borderline flavorless. Every time I order it I end up regretting it. I wish they'd revamp this dish. Flavor please! However, the chicken lettuce wraps are still good. They're still popular and super busy during peek times. So call in and pick up.
3	PF Chang's Lite.Pei Wei reminds me of picking a Chinese restaurant for takeout.  Is there really that much of a difference?  It doesn't really matter which restaurant you pick...the dishes are going to taste about the same from restaurant ot restaurant.  Pei Wei has good tasting food...but there isn't anything distinct or mind-blowing about their offerings.  I wouldn't say you shouldn't go here and I wouldn't say you should.  It's good food, not great food...so my mom won't be hearing about it any time soon.Try:  The Pad Thai (pretty tasty)Avoid:  The large portions unless you're really hungry
4	Pei Wei is a pretty good option for some (fairly) quick Asian fare, but don't expect your food anytime soon between the hours of noon and 1:30 p.m. unless you've ordered ahead online.  That place is a mad house.  All of us Ballantyne Corporate Park people who were too lazy to bring our lunches from home saturate this place until its nearly standing room only.The menu has some decent offerings, but I have to say I'm not a huge fan of their tofu.  It's cut very thin and has a rubbery texture.  They're also a bit too generous on the sauce even with a small portion; I've gotten in the habit of asking for it on the side because usually the dish was swimming in it.Other than that, it's a decent place to dine.
5	Pei Wei is the Asian version of Chipotle, Quick, reasonably priced, delicious food. This is one of my go-to restaurants when I eat out and now they have sushi which is fresh and not bad at all.
