4	I went to this Dairy Queen a couple weeks ago and the employee working at the drive through window noticed I had dogs in the back seat of  the car so he made them each a doggie sundae with vanilla soft serve and two dog biscuits. What a nice gesture! I left very impressed with their customer service. I recommend this place!.
3	mixed response about this place.   They have good prices for some ok fast food.    Their fries were excellent.  The person waiting on me at the window was personable seemed interested in me which is a plus.   They get an extra star for these two reasons.The food is pretty basic but fresh.   My bun was smooshed down so that the top bun was flat.   I had to wait about 4 min for my food.   It was nice and hot so maybe worth the wait and I was there early in the day.They have a donation tray in front of the window like McDonald's has  and it is kind of scuzzy and rusted.  Not what I want to look at when I get my food.   The order board was nice but the window area was scuzzy.   What is with these places that can't pay attention to details.   It isn't just Dairy Queen but almost every other fast food place.  I like fast food.   What I look for at a fast food place in this order:1 is the board fresh, well lit, clean, easy to read ?2 am I greeted right away and can I communicate easily with the waiter?3 Is the waiter cheerful and helpful?4 Is the waiter personable at the window?5 is the drive lane and pick up area spotless and beautiful? 6 did my food arrive in a timely basis?7 Is the food hot and are the ingredients fresh?8 does the food taste good or is there a weird aftertaste?9 was the cost appropriate for my meal?One other comment"   I hate seeing people with boards outside businesses advertising the current sale or discount deal.  I have never seen Dairy Queen do this but Quiznos does this as do some other businesses.  It always looks cheap and demeaning.   I fell really bad for the person doing it and they look really pathetic doing it.   Often you can tell that they are bored to tears and don't want to be there.  I would never do a stupid job like this.   If you want to tell people about your current deal put up a sandwich board that sits on the curb.  It works just as well if not better.  I have responded positively to signs like this but never never never to someone out waving a sign.   If you want to wave me away from a place put someone outside with a sign.Anyway,  that's my rant for the day.  DQ didn't scare me away but invited me with their "Grill and Chill" sign and I decided to give them a try.   I might be back.   If they improved their food and serving area I would certainly be back.    Good luck out there.
4	This is THE Dairy Queen in the Madison metro.  Notice how the Sun Prairie location has no reviews....because nobody goes there.  Anyway, they have a very strong selection of on hand ice cream cakes, if you are looking to pick up a surprise for your special lady on the way home from work.  They are generally pretty busy probably due to their south Fish Hatch location, so its not the FASTEST place on earth to get a cone if that's what you want.  They have all of the standard DQ delicacies.  The prices are standard.  I gave it four stars because I give a regular Brazier three, and this is the best one in the Madison area, as stated.
4	Queue "Glory Days" by the Boss.  Yes, back in high school I was killing it behind the counter of my local DQ.  Things were simpler back then...we made dilly bars and fudge nut bars (do they even have those anymore?) in house and we were happy about our "brazier" moniker.  Now, the term "grill and chill" is all the rage and you can order a orange julius to go along with your dairy treats.  What hasn't changed is my lust for blizzards.  Not every day/week or month but on a warm summer night when I throw my diet out the window, the blizzard works everytime.  The staff is pleasant at this location and drive-thru is efficient.  What more can I say?
