3	Church's has way better food than KFC, in both selection and flavor, not to mention a better price.This one is a small store that gets busy, so they are a little slow at times.The crew at this Church's is hard working, and there are never any quality issues.The honey-butter biscuits are better than the other guy's too, but they recently stopped having packets of honey available for dripping over them (they say they have more honey cooked onto the biscuit now).
4	I have been patronizing this location for over ten years and during that time their prices have really gone up as well. However, they do have some good specials sometimes and if you ever land a coupon that really helps as well.The quality of the food has gone down a little.  I am not sure if they are using different cooking oil or what but Church's Chicken is not what it used to be back in the day.But when I want me some greasy chicken and french fries this is the place.Prices for an individual meal are perfect.  Once you start buying for a family be careful because it adds up quick !The customer service here is not too bad.  They are hard working.  However, depending on who the manager on duty is at the time dictates the quality of service.Very small location.  Very busy at times.Church's Chicken ( This Location ) I'm a fan !
4	I've been going out of my way to go to Church's lately rather than KFC because Church's doesn't tend to make me sick. Which is great. This isn't really a good location to sit-down at but for anything to-go I am always treated well and the prices are good. If they are out of something and I have to wait, they will usually hook me up with a soda or some extra biscuits for the wait without even having to ask, which is something most places just don't have the sense of service to do anymore.Lost a star because the place could be cleaner, but it's not that bad.Give them a try instead of KFC next time!
1	Usually Church's is ok food.  Tonight the service and the food were the worst I have had anywhere in months.  I guess its because all the employees were paying more attention  to the basketball game and not to the customers.  They told me my extra long wait was for my fries, but when I got them, they were luke warm,.  confusing since I was told they just came out of the fryer.  The girl at the counter called me when my order was ready, but gave me only half of what I wanted.   Then, when she finally assembled the order, they put it in a bag so small, it would not hold everything.  When I got home, I found that the extra biscuit I had ordered had my jalapeno in the same bag.  All the jalapeno juice had leaked onto the biscuit, so i had a sack of wet dough.  It just annoys me to no end when employees will not pay attention th why customers come to their restaurants.  I eat out 85% of my meals, and I can go anywhere.  I happen to like chicken, but am tires of Church's and their give a shit attitude towards the customer.  I know I spend too much on Fast food, but that is what these people want.  Stay away from this one, It is ridiculous.
3	I managed to resist China Harvest Buffet over there, so the diet should be fine...     :-)Uh oh!  What's that yellow sign up there on the left?     :-OSo I whipped into this nice Church's for the usual, a 2-Piece Meal which gives you a big chicken leg & thigh (Spicy Style in my case), mashed potatoes & gravy, and a drop biscuit with spread.Things were less than perfect for me at this particular Church's today:*  The service was weak.  I wasn't thanked for my business, and had to ask several times for some spread for the biscuit, which girl was going to "go get" while my biscuit got cold.  Also had to ask for salt & pepper, which they had hidden under the counter, unlike at other Church's.*  The seat of my chair was fall-off loose, & someone could break their neck just sitting on it!= = = = = =It wasn't all bad:*  The bathroom was clean & properly set up & stocked.*  My lunch was served up piping hot & delicious!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)*  The value was terrific at $1.99 for everything, & girl even gave me an ad with an identical replacement coupon, just in case I ever mess up again on the diet.     :-)
3	i always go to the one on 19th ave and Peoria in phx, well i was in the area for this church's and it was a to go and i ask for the 10 pcs only, all spicy but 1 breast, AND i ask for 3 breast and 7 legs spicy.. When i got home i got 3 thighs 4 legs none spicy. Gross. so i will go out of my way to go to my favorite churches.the staff was very nice and the manager was very quick in outing my order together.  so i called him and he told me to come back, but i needed to be some wheres at a certain time so he told me to come back with the receipt, ummmmmmmmmmm i will probably pass on this, choke it up as a loss.thats good that u all like this place, no hard feeling to any one. Just putting it out there( check your order before you leave), my son always tells me that. i never had to at my spot.
2	I came here for a quick stop to get some strips to snack on throughout the night. It is definitely fast food like you'd expect. While I can't say it is bad, I also can't say it was good.Next time I will stick to Cane's instead of using Church's.
2	Ok I went here last night, the staff was very nice. However... Myself and my girlfriend both got sick from the chicken, been in the bathroom all day, and she was on there all night lol, be warned....
