5	It has been about 4 months since I have gotten my nails done. And the last place I went the salon tech kept cutting me with the grinding tool. So I was turned off by that place. So just by chance when I was shopping in the store next door I saw this nail salon and decided to try it out as I needed my nails done before I went on vacation. And I have to say this place has EXCELLENT service!!! Han and his family were very friendly. The salon is very clean and spacious. I went in for a full set acrylic with gel polish and a pedi with gel polish.  I am very satisfied with my nails. This my new nail salon from now on...and it is so convenient for me since I live about 5 minutes away.  It is near stores that I shop at very frequently so I will be back that is for sure!!!!
5	Love this place. I finally found great place to get my nails done.  Han is wonderful! Great staffs as well.
4	The gentleman that did my manicure/pedicure did a fantastic job on the french tips and made sure they looked very beautiful, for both the fingers and toes. The hands were air-brushed, which made them look very neat. I had a hard time understanding him, but we communicated enough to make sure the nails were done how I wanted. My mom had a solid color put on her nails and was not impressed. There were little bits of nail polish left on the skin around her nails, so it did not look very professional. At the end she was left under the UV lamp to let her nails dry...without the lamp on! The place was fairly clean.
5	Went in today for a full set and Han did a great job! He made them look short and natural just the way I like them! Thanks Han  see you soon!
5	Okay so after reading a bunch of great reviews online about Vo's i decided to make an appointment for me and my sister to come in and get our nails done. I had a bad experience getting acrylics at a nail shop just up the street and wanted to try out a new place. They were all very nice. And did a great job on our nails. & It was only 20 for acrylics. Nothing more! I Definitely recommend this place :)
5	In town celebrating my son's wedding, I came in to Vo's looking for a pedi/mani/fill's for 5 people on 6/6/14, including the bride.  One of the best experiences we'd ever had. We all agreed on that.  The fact it's family owned and operated makes for a great time.  From the customers to the staff, everyone was happy and engaging.  Thank you Vo's for being so attentive and making us laugh. We loved our time with you.
4	I have been coming here for almost 4 years.  I really like the family atmosphere of the place and I always feel welcome.
5	Was in Vegas over Valentine's day from Georgia and looked to get my nails done somewhere near by. Vo was welcoming and informed me about gels. My first time getting them done and it turned out great! Just tough to get off. Great experience!
3	Decided to try this place due to the reviews. I have to say I wasn't impressed. The atmosphere was great, staff was very nice and friendly. But I'm there to pay for a manicure, not atmosphere. I got a regular mani/pedi and I had polish around my nails after I left. Also, 2hrs after I left my nail polish still wasn't set and it got ruined and That was after I sat under the blacklight for 15min. I don't believe I well be going back there
2	The atmosphere was very friendly and they were able to get me in without a wait or appointment. However, my gel nails were done poorly. The polish was up around my cuticles, it had bubbles in it, and the nail polish was light/weak in some areas resulting in uneven coloring. I had a chip on one nail and rather than use powder to fill it, the technician used the gel nail polish, painting it right on my skin (which of course came off two days later). There was little assistance in picking out the pedicure color to match the nail color (which I have experienced at other salons where they will take the gel color and bring you some ideas for the matching pedi color). This only occurred when I was having difficulty finding a color and taking too long. The price was about the same as or a little cheaper than other salons (50 for gel manicure and regular pedi combo). Probably won't be returning.
5	I have only been coming here since March of 2014 and I have nothing but wonderful things to say about this place.  I have done many different designs and colors and they are always exactly what I asked for.  The staff is all family and they want you to feel like family too.  It doesn't matter if it your first time there or a regular, there is no such thing as just sitting there quietly without talking.  They really want their customers to feel welcomed.  I love to have my nails done by "Dad", I do not know his name but everyone calls him Dad.  I have even gone more than 3 weeks without a fill and my nails are always on point.  I do not like gel manicures so I get either acrylic or hard gel.
1	Horrible experience; the father did both my pedi and fill made my cuticles bleed; he also was very rude! Not to mention the argument the owner and his wife had in the salon!!! I will never again waste my time or money at this place!
