4	Chinese food is best eaten at a buffet in my opinion. The food is exotic and usually has things in it you've never tried or even heard of for that matter. So for you to be able to try everything at least once is a great thing.China Buffet is a local favorite because of their price and selection. They are one of the only Chinese buffets that has sushi; probably because sushi is Japanese, but I love them for it. They have seven buffet counters including the sushi one and there is very little that I have tried that I didn't like. Their prices start as low as $6.99 for lunch and with sushi being on the menu, that is stellar.
1	I used to come here a few years ago when i was working in the area, the group would like to meet here for lunch occasionally.I haven't been back in a while and a few weeks ago I was craving chinese food but I wanted variety, I decided to stop in and get a take-out box.  It's hard to gauge what to expect when anything is sold by the pound, a lot of things are sold by the pound but that doesn't necessarily mean they're good.for example, Dog Food, Fertilizer, Nuts, Fruit, Candy, Gold Ingots, Seafood, Horse Hair, Cookies, Soap, Coffee, Turkey, Building Materials, Meat Products, Olives, Scrap Metal, Uranium and apparently Chinese Food.I filled up a take-home box and didn't feel I was overstuffing the box or having any difficulty closing the box, but apparently this was 2.4 pounds of food and was over $10 for some cheap takeout.  I'm somewhat convinced they use MSG and ingredients that make the food literally heavier.Not wanting to give up, a friend and I stopped by here last weekend to eat lunch and dined in. the items on the buffet aren't bad and scratch the itch.  But everything is mediocre as you would expect buffet food to be.the 1 star comes from how the food made me sick that evening, and made me feel nauseous for most of the night.  I will most likely not be back.
2	Very average run of the mill buffet. Prices are above average. Nothing special but not awful
2	i enjoyed almost everything here except the seafood combination tray tasted like it was bad,it even smelled bad.The rest of the buffet was average for a super buffet.I liked the won ton soup it was better than most places but it was the only thing that stood out.I was kind of leery about all the food after i had that bad shrimp.I told the hostess about the dish and she told me they were fine and even ate one.They smelled like dirty socks and i love shrimp i know what they should smell and taste like.I hope i dont get the shits later.If it had not been for that dish they would have gotten 3 stars.
5	China buffet is the best in the west valley! Great selection, always fresh. Price is average. I order off the menu and the guy knows me when I walk in :) The family eats the buffet and always go back for 2nd and 3rds! My kids love the ice cream at the end lol. All the staff is always friendly. My husband was craving the eel sushi and the sushi man made it fresh just.for him! Don't waste your time anywhere else. This place is the best!
4	Depends really when you go. I find lunch to be less sleezy, but over all is good, they have good sushi, and a decent section of veg and a few vegan items. Great service though, you will feel like the your being served by what customer service used to be. Great service, decent food, not so great prices, but is for sure worth it every time me and my wife go.
3	We've been to this buffet at least a dozen times and the quality of the food varies with the time you choose to dine.  Like most buffets, entries can sit on a steam table for a substantial period of time and, obviously, the longer it has languished in its tray, the worse it will taste.  The China Buffet has a good variety of options.  I have usually had the best luck with the Mongolian beef.  The chicken selections are usually pretty decent also.  The shellfish and baby octopus are mediocre.The fried rice, noodles, and soups are acceptable as are the salad selections and deserts.  I really think that if you're looking for great Chinese food you're better off to avoid the buffets, but if you're just hungry and you need to fill a void without needing a taste experience, this place is as good as any other buffet I've tried in the Phoenix Metro area.  I'm still looking for a great Chinese buffet and have yet to find it.  Maybe it's a mythical place.  If anyone has any suggestions, I'd like to hear them.
3	We went at around 5:30 on a  Tuesday evening and the place was fairly busy.  The egg drop soup was delicious, and the highlight of the meal.  The only other two dishes that were warm enough were the Walnut chicken and the steamed clams.  There were a lot of high value items at the buffet, crab legs and shrimp and the like, but most of it was dried out and not as tasty as it looked. There was a wide selection ans some interesting choices, like clams smothered in cheddar cheese.  I guess this is Arizona, and I should not have been surprised that next to the sweet and sour sauce there was a tub of gravy.  There was also obligatory Chinese buffet pizza.  I don't eat any of these picky eater accommodation foods, so cannot comment on their flavor. They had a wide variety of deserts, too, including a sundae bar.  i had the green tea ice cream and it was okay, there were a couple of ice crystals in it. The place was more expensive than I thought it would be.  I think the price range should be adjusted to Moderate $$. I did not try the sushi, but there was a chef preparing it as we watched and it looked good.
3	This is a regular place for my mom and me whenever I'm visiting her. To me, it's just like any other chinese buffet joint. One of the waitresses knows us and is always friendly. We've never had issues with service. My hubby refuses to go back though. He must've ate some bad seafood or something, because he ralphed in the bathroom when we were gonna leave. He always eats that strange, grody stuff like the octopus and whatnot.
3	I like this place, for the most part. It's a nice quick--don't have to wait for it to cook--place to eat. For me, the food has been pretty consistent and I know what to expect. There are a few dishes that they don't offer, which we used to drive all the way down to the Zen Buffet in Peoria to get, before it closed down. But now there is a new Chinese buffet that recently opened up on Grand Ave that offers what we're looking for, she we go there instead.
1	Greasy, salty, over-seasoned and wilting in the steam tables...that says it all. This is a sad imitation of a Chinese buffet, with little to eat that delights the senses. Instead, my tongue was quickly overwhelmed by the cook's heavy use of salt to disguise the food's low quality. A single star for service, because our waitress was quite sweet and friendly. Other than that, yuck.
1	Found this place by accident when we were actually looking for another China buffet. For the most part the food is pretty good. However, one of the helpers dropped an entire container of thick tomato based food, most of which splashed onto my pants and shoes!  She was very apologetic and tried to help me wipe it off.  The stains, despite my efforts to go to the washroom and clean up, are still evident. My complaint with this restaurant is that management did nothing to try and even apologize for the accident. No compensation whatsoever. Very poor way to treat customers. We will not go back and will renew our efforts to find China City Super Buffet,  which was the restaurant we were looking for to begin with!
4	The staff here is very friendly and the place is very clean! The food isn't bad and it's consistent.
1	Didn't feel like doing anything special for mothers day, so we went here.  I had been here plenty of times before and it was fine.  This time was a little different.  The sign on the front of the door said that there was a mother's day special.  The special was that you got to pay an extra $1 per person for mother's day.  There was no special dish or anything like that.  You just get to pay extra.  I think it's weird to charge extra and not even say happy mother's day.
2	Chinese food in buffet.  Not planning on visiting here again.  I am not a fan of employees cleaning windows right next to the table I am eating at.  Spraying window cleaner by my plate is not a good idea. :)  The food was so-so and service OK.  What else to say?  Wish I could like the place, its close to home.
4	I think after being here numerous times, I should write a review. I am a fan, so the 4 Stars are apropos. My gf's 5 year old loves this place, and will ask to go everytime upon passing it. Let's face it, the Chinese buffet options in Phoenix suck, which is really unfortunate. I think the collective angst about this is being taken out on all of the Chinese buffets of the valley. That's just my opinion, I could be wrong. For what it is, a chinese buffet in Phoenix, this is quality. This is the better Chinese buffet in Surprise. The other one is good too, but not great, just like this place.  Here's what I've come to expect from this place. The service is always great. The servers are friendly, and affable. But, the food is ALWAYS hit and miss. Something may be good one visit, and dull and flat on another. The fried rice, and lo mein are great examples. The rice may be great on one visit, oily, sort of greasy, and full of gristle the next. Seems like things lean towards "greasy" if they're not good. I deplore the TV set to CNN, or whatever other news station they decide to put on. I'll go out of my way to not have to sit under, or near that thing. We'll alternate between the 2, I'm sure, but until something significantly changes at the other place, we'll continue to dine here.
4	I've had mixed experiences here over the past year. Most of the time I am pretty pleased, but I have gone at off times and thought the food was not up to par. Overall, they have a good selection of items, and most of the time it's amazing. The buffet is kept well stocked, although sometimes when I go at busy times I do have to wait for some items. Customer service is good- never had a problem with that. Definitely some good people watching at times... it is a buffet after all!
4	The service was just so-so...I'm not expecting much when it comes to "service" at a buffet. But the food was amazing. This is seriously the best Chinese buffet I've ever had.  The price was VERY reasonable as well. I'm making it my regular Chinese place considering it's so close to me.
5	Excellent.  My favorite chinese buffet.  Everything is fresh and good.  The sushi is the best I've had at a chinese buffet with tuna rolls, etc.  The crablegs are included with dinner (maybe only on weekends, not certain) but they are great.
1	My family has visited here a couple of times. Each time we have been here the food has been terrible. Everything is just above room temperature and it all tastes exactly the same. Is it just me, or are chinese food restaurants/buffets becoming all the same? The food items that were once breaded and fried were mushy-- well, for that matter, everything was mushy.
3	Pretty decent compared to other places in the area. A lot better than the one by Grand & Reems. I will come here again.
5	Came back for dinner again, it was great like always. Food was hot and fresh, sushi was awesome and fresh.  My family love coming here, it's our weekly come to place.
5	Great food, always fresh and hot. Place is clean, servers nice. Try it you' ll like it!
5	Amazing buffet!  We have been coming here for years.  My husband and I like to consider ourselves China buffet experts (how sad is that lol).  This is the cleanest, most consistent Chinese buffet we have been to in 20 years in Phoenix.  We always take relatives and people from out of town here.  The food is fresh.  They are always adding new items.  The sushi is much better than any other buffet.  They make you a great variety of rolls, and they don't skimp on the expensive ingredients.  On crab night they keep the crab legs coming! We have never gotten sick, and we have never had any gross out issues here.  The staff is friendly, and over the years they have gotten to recognizing us and our 4 teens when we walk in.  We are customers for life!
1	Oh my god. that's worst service. The staff is not very polite. I feel very bad, food is OK, one star, I won't go back to eat.
4	Pretty good food, crab legs are succulent and tasty. Nice service and fresh food. Not bad for the price. Sushi is AWESOME quality.
4	Awesome food! We've come here for about 8 years now. Always good and fresh. Mushrooms and bean sprouts are great and hot and sour soup is the bomb. Good for both lunch and dinner.  Military discount accepted.
