5	Staff is wonderful and helpful!Authentic and freshly made!!So excited to have a German Bread Bakery so close to home!
4	On our trip to the Hoover Dam my BF told me he had never been to Weinerschnitzel in his life so when I spotted a sign from the freeway I told him we should check it out.  As we were entering the shopping center we saw a guy with a sign for the German Bread Bakery. I thought to myself, wow! we can get some fake German and real German food in the same day and place. It turns out that it is kind of hard to find if you are not familiar with this shopping center since you can't see it quickly when you are driving in. When we finished our hot dogs and corn dogs we saw the Bakery as we drove back to the freeway. We got one pretzel. It was not bad. A bit too dry but the flavor was spot on. I have had pretzels in Europe before and we had one that was imported from Munich at Hofbrauhaus in Las Vegas. The bakery has some refrigerated foods too! There aren't many baked goods inside but I'm sure they have all the essential ones. It's amazing how many German places I saw in Vegas. There was also a place called Berlin Cafe. I love German food and Las Vegas is lucky to have so many places considering it is not a cosmopolis like LA.
4	I really love me some fresh bread. You would think I weighed 500 lbs., that's how much I love it. The only trouble with me bread is that I want it fresh and warm. I couldn't give this outstanding bakery a 5 star rating because of two reasons: 1. they open at 9a 2. they don't bake their stuff in house. I thought all bakeries open at the crack of dawn with all of their goodies out and ready. Not so in this case. I showed up at 830a, thinking I had already missed out on the good stuff, and watched their van unload all the goodies into the place with an open time of 9a. Despite the drawbacks, the pastries are so delectible I will still go there for the coconut custard danish and the black forest cake slice. Don't forget to take a pretzel roll with you for the car ride home.
3	Cookie Monster move on over, because there is a new kid in town and he does not discriminate against any baked goods. When my sister tried their original location, she brought me home a rice pudding pastry and I was in love. Rice pudding in flaky dough... Can you get any better than that? So I was ecstatic when I found out they had opened a shop on Eastern. When my sister and I stopped in, the selection was not the biggest, but we were happy to find pretzel bread. We also got the Saturday cake and a blueberry rice pudding pastry. Sadly, the only item I truly enjoyed was the bread. The cake looked beautiful, but not so much when we looked at it up close. As we brought it out of the bag, in the car, we noticed a large layer of gelatin over the fruit. I understand a thin layer to keep the fruit moist and brilliant, but it was over kill. Then there was the pastry. It was really sweet. I was having a sugar high between the filling, glaze, and chocolate drizzle. If it was scaled back a little, it would go a long way.
1	went in there last week and while the food looked good the staff was horrible. Stood there, the only customer in the store for almost five minutes with not one single hello or may I help you. It  I got stared at but that was about it. It was actually kind of creepy to have three people looking me and not one offering any assistance with ordering. Shame because I was actually going to place a rather large order but because they didnt seem to care, I walked out and decided to take my business somewhere that would appreciate it. Will not return with a staff like that. All three of them looked bothered to be there.
5	I love German pastries--they aren't as sweet as typical American deserts.  This bakery has the German style down.We tried the following:Blueberry turnovers: very good, crust was light and flaky.Apfelstrudel: very good, especially with the par-baked apples to make them soft. However, the apple was chunky and not sliced thin, suggesting a canned product, and the pastry was soft instead of light and flaky.  It also had a cake bottom which I liked but had not seen before; however, my German mother-in-law says it is an authentic style.Cherry crum cake: very good, but not as good as can be found in Germany.  But it is not overly sweet which is what I like about it.Cinnamon Rolls: excellent; can't say I've had cinnamon rolls in Germany but if they did, they would be this good.Brotchen (small bread rolls): excellent, almost as good as in Germany.  These little bread rolls are excellent for breakfast with cream cheese, Nutella or jam or with lunch meats and cheeses for small sandwiches.They have an assortment of other Germany products including Wurst but unfortunately, no Quak (a lighter version of cream cheese).Overall excellent for those that love fresh baked breads and pastries and even better for those that know and love German style baked goods.  I believer their prices make them a good value, as well.
3	Very Clean inside - now that's good for an instant 1st impression...There were actually more baked items in the display case than I thought there would be. Which is good - I love good selections...So I knew I had to try a piece of the apple strudel - VERY YUMMY!!! It was soft and chewy, not overly sweet.... the apple strudel is what will bring me back to German Bread Bakery!!!I also tried the unusual Pretzel Croissant - it had many little seeds - it was OK !!!I would like to try other items next time - I'm glad this location is very close to home!!
4	I kinda live for cheese danish except when I am living for coffee. So, the new marriage between Grouchy John's and German Bread Bakery makes me very happy and twice as lively.  The cheese danish has the best pastry shell/wrap/? that I have tasted. The cheese is more than adequate, bordering on bountiful.  I like the apple danish, but it may need more apple. However, to be honest, even with double the apple, I'm going to pick the cheese. Go to get some cheese danish at GJ's, but not the last one, cause then I will be sad.
4	I always wanted to try this place ever since it opened. Being familiar with French and American style pastries, I had no idea of German-style bread making and pastry work, so I was curious to see what it was all about. I was not disappointed.Located at the corner of Serene and Eastern, it is inside the shopping center that houses Rubio's and Papa Johns. There is plenty of parking outside.Inside, the bakery is extremely clean and organized. The staff is friendly and helpful. There are also German goods, like sausages and snacks, that are available for purchase. I picked up some pastries and breads per the staffs recommendations, and went outside to enjoy. (You can't really eat in here because there are no tables, but outside to your left near Rubio's there is an outdoor courtyard with seating and trash cans.)Pretzel roll - Crispy exterior, and a soft flavorful interior. It's like no other soft pretzel you will have in your life. It has that classic "pretzel" flavor, but it is more subtle, and I liked it a lot. It would make an amazing sandwich.Almond coffee cake - This is not a traditional "coffee cake" that we are accustomed too (more of a cake), this is more of like a danish, which I prefer. The soft, chewy inside works well with the frangipane filling. I like the fact that they didn't use a a lightened almond filling, but one that uses a higher ratio of almond paste, rather than butter and sugar. It gives it a more "intense" almond flavor. The glaze on top gave it a sweetness, without being overly sweet. The toasted almonds on top gave it a nice crunch as well.Cherry Strudel - How can I go into an Eastern European bakery and not try a strudel? I chose the cherry, but they have many other flavors. The dough itself was amazing, it was flaky with just the right amount of chew. However, I particularly didn't care for the cherry filling. It was a little bit too tart for me, and lacked flavor. I would like to try some different flavors next time.Yogurt Cake - One of the employees recommended this as a German specialty. The cake is layers of sponge cake and yogurt filling. The sponge was moist and flavorful. The yogurt filling was spectacular. It tasted like a cross between a buttercream and a mousse. There was also a thin layer of citrus jam that provided a nice punch! The cake sat on top of a shortbread crust, which gave it a contrasting crunch.For all 4 pastries and breads, I paid around 8.40. Considering the size and quality, I felt like I had really great value for my money. They have a large selection, so I will be back here to try more items. Definitely recommend!!!Note: The staff told me another signature item they have is the Pretzel croissant, but it usually sells out early, so get here as soon as they open!
4	This cute little bakery is tucked away in a strip mall. We found it by accident on our way to another store. They have a huge variety of German pastries and cookies as well as buns and non sweet baked goods. You'll find a pleasant selection of imported brats and schnitzel, as well as German magazines, kids books, and sundries. A nice range of candies and candy bars. We wanted to get the pretzels, but you'll have to arrive well before noon on a Saturday to procure the salty treat. Alas, we settled on pretzel croissants. For 99 cents, you'll get a huge, seedy, crispy on the outside, soft, moist, and flaky on the inside.   Prices are very reasonable, and a jar of Nutella is just $2.99.
5	Omg their pastries are so good! I finally stopped by the other week and picked up some of their baked goods. I got my family hooked on their products. Since then we always have a box of German sweets in the kitchen. Aside from baked goods the bakery sells other German delicacies that ranges from sauages, snacks and my all time Geman favorite Happy Hippos.
5	The strudel was a revelation. So so so good. I was completely blown away by how good it was. The beesting cake was so delicious. Homemade filling and the crust was so tender and yet chewy. The pretzel was good, but I think I like a less authentic version. I don't really like intensely flavored pretzels. It's a personal preference.  They were out of hippos and German Nutella, but I can wait. I'll be back. Yummy...
3	I loved the selection of baked goods. There is one case of breads/pretzels/etc, and one of pastries. Naturally, I only stopped in for the pastries! I feasted my eyes on a range of linzer tarts, german cheesecake, strudel, and a few other good-looking bar-type treats. I really waffled on what to select, but finally went for the German cheesecake. Mistake! It was nothing but bland. Not even sweet. Seriously, just tasted like whipped up cream cheese. Maybe that's how they do it in Germany?? Either way, it wasn't worth my calories. I tossed it out after 2 bites and cruised down Eastern to Sweet Ruby Jane.I'm sticking with 3 stars for now, until I've sampled some of the other offerings.Note: they also have a mini (like, tiny) German grocery store inside with some books, meats, other kinds of refrigerated goods.
5	One of the best strudels I've had in a long time. Clean store, helpful and polite people.
5	I have driven by this place lots of times and I finally stopped. They are open every day but Sunday. 9am-5pm. The service is very nice. Lots of breads and pastries to choose from. They also sale German Coffee for 2.29 cup and other german groceries.   I tried the regular pretzels. Very good not to much salt but just enough and fresh. My husband got a Kruegal and states he will get another one.    So much to choose from, I will be back. While we were inside it just kept getting busier with people which is a good sign.
4	This is a really good bakery. We buy a lot of bread here for our clients. It was a little weird to have the sign spinner kid advertising it,but it got me to look at the sign and like every good person of German decent- had to try it. Super good breads they slice right there, the desserts are really good, its just that they run out of some of the German food products sometimes so bummer. Nice ladies and it is always great to hear German spoken at a "German" bakery. Start buying your daily bread here!
5	Ummmmm where have you been all my life?! Heavenly goods. My personal fav is the poppyseed coffee cake. I've placed large orders over the phone in prep for family arriving. Decent customer service but always ready on time and heaven to eat.
4	The irony isn't lost on me since I'm reviewing this bakery yet I don't eat carbs. My bread-loving mama was in town visiting and I thought I'd take her here so she could give a review of the place. Well, she couldn't utter a word because she was munching on the fresh pretzel roll before we even got out of the door! She said it was amazing and worth the trip across town to get. She also had a sack full of other goodies but said the pretzel roll was by far her favorite. I picked up a tube of super spicy German mustard which was so tasty and was the exact same stuff I bought when I visited Germany. Now that I know this bakery has a small selection of imported German foods, I'll be back. Another cool thing is that most of the customers in this place were speaking German to the employees. Neat little bakery!
3	The first few times I went, I had the 6 seed bread and some pastries. Wow, absolutely fresh, delicious, and warm out of the oven! Staff friendly and helpful too. Then I got a lighter rye bread that they called "dark rye". I'm sure they know, but not that tasty to me anyway. So...next time I went for the 6 seed again. But, they changed it up! Mostly sunflower seeds, and not much of the other 5. Not my taste at all. They said they don't carry caraway seeded rye, because customers don't like it. Anyway, the goods are freshly baked , store is clean, and staff courteous. A tad pricey, but it is freshly baked, so prolly worth it if you like the taste. Personally, I don't eat pastry (it's for myguests or family), and I don't seek out bread, unless it's exceptional. My first visits I thought the bread was exceptional, then a decline in taste IMHO. Don't let my review deter you. Try it yourself. You may love it.
4	First visit was December 2013 and now I'm a weekly regular here.  My favorite is the lemon cake: not super sweet as most American cake, and just the right amount of zestyness from lemon.  I love liver sausage, but its liver sausage is a bit more bitter for my taste.  I'm sure this is personal reference.  I think my late-grandma made the best liver sausage in this world.  Prices are a bit more than store bought and other bakeries, but worth it.  Store is clean and friendly service.  Every I tried so far tasted yummy, light and delicous.
5	This small store functions as a retail outlet for the original bakery located in Summerlin.  Much to our chagrin it has been flying under my personal radar for at least 2 years but this oversight has finally been rectified.  A large variety of Bavarian breads and pastries are offered with us choosing a slice of Bienenstich, more commonly known as bee sting cake. This cake had a crunchy almond topping, vanilla pastry cream center and a yeasty cake bottom.  It was interesting, but paled in comparison to the 2 rum balls that we immediately consumed in the car.  These are truffle-like but the rum and chocolate are on steroids.  Before departing, I was directed by wife to return to the bakery for 2 more rum balls that we shared over the following 2 days.  On the last full day of our vacation we purchased a freezer proof storage container that we filled with 9 rum balls.  These now temporarily reside in our home freezer.
5	I have found quite a few favorites that have turned into a weekly ritual.  First, a sandwich or a burger on their pretzel roll is delicious.  On the sweet side, they have an almond horseshoe-shaped baked item that is tasty and makes for an excellent non-traditional dessert or as a morning treat with your coffee.
3	THREE AND A HALF STARS: GOOD  In the past couple  of months I have experienced the German Bread Bakery. It is located in the Eastern Beltway Shopping Center between Port of Subs and Rubio at the Eastern Avenue entrance. It is away from the madness of the shopping center tenants Walmart and Home Depot. But close enough for a convenient dessert. It is a ten minute walk from Walmart and Depot and a couple doors away from Rubio's and Biejing Chinese Restaurant.    The German Bread Bakery is a small shop. A flaw is there are no tables inside. There is seating close by outside Rubio's. In the summer when triple digit temperatures bake the desert, outside seating is an issue.   The great customer service isn't an issue. Today for example, the woman who served my bear paw was very friendly as she talked to me about Mount Charleston. This certainly factored into my review. If I had a mainframe that German Bread Company is 2 1/2 stars worthy, I'd up it to the next level.   Whenever I experienced the German Bread Bakery, I tried a different item. The items I tried were the bear paw, Berliner with Strawberry filling, pretzel, and cherry danish roll. All the pastries that I tried were powdery and tasty. Napkins were critical. The pastries were sticky. Plus, napkins are necessary to use as a tray when sitting outside. Who knows how many germs people and pigeons leave on these tables. As far as the pretzel. It looks like a cousin of the Auntie Anne and snack bar hot pretzel. Looks are deceiving. This type of pretzel is not prepared hot. Still my taste buds rate it good. Concurrent to the four experiences at the German Bread Bakery, I sipped the German coffee. As far as taste its good. They serve it in a styrofoam cup. Drip coffee is the primary coffee beverage that the German Bread Company currently serves.   In conclusion, based on my four experiences at the German Bread Bakery, I give it 3 1/2 stars. This equates to "Good" and an 85% satisfactory level. At this satisfactory level, when I am in the immediate area my check-ins ought to continue.
1	The woman working was so rude that I didn't end up buying anything! I asked about the bread and the attitude she had was enough for me to walk out empty handed.
5	I love German baked goods. I almost got one of everything but restrained and ended up getting the apple strudel, pretzels, pizza, beesting cake, pig ear and a pack of smoked sausage. All were really good and fresh. The pizza had a good sauce and the crust was more like a strudel. It also had bits of sausage on it. So good! The smoked sausage was also very tasty it has a little spice to it and a good smoky flavor. It made the house smell good too! As for the baked goods lets just say trying to rationalize them is difficult and I am very close to giving in and eating it all at once. Great place to stop in and get some tasty treats.
5	We were invited to lunch with friends from Germany and I offered to bring dessert.  The wife mentioned that her husband loved apple strudel (which is not something I've ever made).  Luckily, this bakery makes excellent strudel!  I bought enough slices of apple strudel for the lunch, and also some Poppy-seed Coffee Cake as a special treat for my fiance.  Everything was wonderful!  I only wish they had the yogurt or bee sting cake available that day.  I would have loved to try them.  We will definitely be stopping here more often, especially when we have guests from Germany.
5	I ordered a custom Apple Strudel here and was so happy with it. It was perfect, and huge. Since then I have returned several times. I love this place and it's authenticity. Great German baked goods and sweets made by Germans, what a concept.... This place is the best bakery in the city.
4	On our first full day in town, we stopped in for a pair of rum balls only to discover the had sold out and were not expecting another delivery.  The employee provided a business card and suggested we call ahead.  We consoled ourselves by sharing a slice  crumb pudding cake - a crunchy exterior and soft, succulent interior of Bavarian cream.  It would have been easier to eat had we had proper utensils, but we managed with the cheap plastic forks that were provided. A few days later while in the immediate neighborhood we stopped in a purchased a pair of their excellent rum balls that were consumed before we got back to our car.  03/14  This small store functions as a retail outlet for the original bakery located in Summerlin.  Much to our chagrin it has been flying under my personal radar for at least 2 years but this oversight has finally been rectified.  A large variety of Bavarian breads and pastries are offered with us choosing a slice of Bienenstich, more commonly known as bee sting cake. This cake had a crunchy almond topping, vanilla pastry cream center and a yeasty cake bottom.  It was interesting, but paled in comparison to the 2 rum balls that we immediately consumed in the car.  These are truffle-like but the rum and chocolate are on steroids.  Before departing, I was directed by wife to return to the bakery for 2 more rum balls that we shared over the following 2 days.
5	Super good pastries and bread. Love their beesting cake.  Their pastries are not ultra sweet which reminds me of when I lived in Switzerland. Unlike American goodies which are overloaded with sugar, theirs are parfect.  The only set back is their hours of operation which are short even more so in the weekends. Love this place.
4	Love the bread! Reminds my wife of home. Wishes to see more variety of German breads such as echtes bauernbrot, salzstangen und verschiedene broetchen sorten. Danke
3	A small family owned business that I frequent often,  they have excellent pastries and bread!  It would be nice if they expanded on spices and sauces and some other traditional items. Word of caution:  I don't know if it a supply and demand issue but the shelves are often very empty...so don't go at the last minute as you may not find what you ate looking for. Be sure to get a slice of apple strudel!
4	What began with the cronut was a flurry of hybridizations in the world of pastries. Here, at German Bread Bakery, their pastry hybrid involves a pretzel and a croissant. This is the marrying of something so iconically French and German. Oui and Ja!It's no surprise that the pretzel croissants here are heavier on the pretzel DNA than croissant. There are other bakeries which make their combos heavier on the croissant and those tend to be much too buttery. The pretzel croissants here are perfectly balanced. The croissant aspect lends flakiness to a dense pretzel bread, and there is also a nice touch of saltiness and bitterness from the pretzel side.If looking for something a bit more nutritious, the generous toppings of seeds and grains on the pretzel croissant, help make this twisted pastry, a heartier, and more substantial breakfast item.There are many other traditional goodies available here, like streusel and such, but I always stop in for the pretzel related items.
