3	Another Roadside Attraction--Pizza Hut, Subway.  If you dig into my reviews, or read my lists, you'll find truck stops fill many of my travel needs.  The Tonopah Travel Center of America is one of those.  Like Columbus filling his ships for his China voyage or Shackleton setting out caches, I stop on my way out of PHX for fuel, food and coffee; sometimes, returning too.  Love's and TA are going at it toe to toe.  The trucker's Sharper Image catalog is displayed strategically on the Men's Room wall, announcing hot items and sales.  There are showers and break rooms for truckers.  The C-store sells we mortal beings gasoline, chips soda, water and coffee, there's fast food in the hall, a tempting candy case by the front register, the slower salad bar and entrees in the restaurant.  TA's web page advertises new healthy entrees in the diner, and the rest rooms are a bit cleaner than the easterly competitor. In the "General Store" I could not find the item I sought, baby wipes.  I found them elsewhere.  Meanwhile, the baby.....I'll return to this review, meanwhile, it may be worth your while to stop here before that long haul west across the Sonoran or into the easterly snarl known as the Phoenix Metro Area, Valley of the Sun.
5	clean an quick an great price on shell gas I have now noticed I get a fair amount  of better milage out of a tank of shell then other brands, so I will keep rockin the shell, 76 is 2nd best  !!!
3	Just stopped in for a subway sandwich.
4	The bathroom is so clean and it smells pretty good. There's even a cute little couch. The workers are so nice and even offered an alternative route around the traffic. Such a pleasant rest stop after the horrible service at Blythe. Gas prices for regular are $3.33.But really, the bathroom gives public restroom a good name.
4	Little expensive on gas but has good food choices: Taco Bell and Pizza Hut. Gas was 3.11 and the staff is friendly. Not bad considering the location
3	Clean bathroom. There's a laundromat. Well lit parking lot. Good place to stop to rest your eyes. Thanks!
4	We went camping out this way with a bunch of friends and after everything was packed and we (a small group of the larger whole) we're ready to go home, we decided to stop for a late breakfast at the diner here. The diner food was good and they carry some menu items that I don't see often in other places like chipped beef on toast and french toast breakfast sandwiches, I had the Chicken Fried Steak, they guys had an omelet, and a Beef Tip Scramble, the kids had a french toast combo and pancake combo, everyone was happy with their meals. The restaurant was clean, it was busy but our server was nice, attentive and efficient, she cleaned as she went but was really unobtrusive (which is appreciated)I probably would have only given 3 stars, because the diner food although good and reasonably priced is forgettable, I added a star for the cleanliness of the bathrooms alone. I travel this corridor a lot. Between my sisters house in California and our home on the east side of the Phoenix valley and I think I skipped this one gas station before, but I feel better about making it that last stop for gas on the way out of town in the future.Cleanliness (bathrooms in particular) is a huge deal for me when I am traveling.
5	A great place to grab a snack and take a break off a long drive. Their bathrooms are clean and nice. They have a few vendors to choose from. It very cool inside as well!
4	Gas prices were good, pumps not crowded, and the store is well stocked.  I didn't actually buy anything in the store, but walked through, and it was clean and orderly.  There was no line at the register.
