5	Just got home from dinner at Black Bear Diner Henderson. The food was excellent as it always is at Black Bear and very plentiful!! So happy you guys opened shop here in Green Valley! My family and I missed you .My late dad was a regular fixture at the Black Bear in Salinas,CA and took us there as often as possible. So its both awesome and bittersweet we now have our own so very close to home. The staff is friendly and professional kudos to a great opening day! We will be back and often! Great diner to stop in and have a yummy homey dinner or coffee and a deliciously HUGE bearclaw.
5	We've been watching the progress of the remodeling that went on with the new Black Bear diner in Henderson & were so happy to be there for breakfast on opening day! All the staff were great with high energy levels & the cooks did a terrific job in the kitchen! Comfortable seating, never empty coffee cup completed the perfect 1st day!! If you keep that up, we'll definitely be spending more time here! You all set a high bar on the first day!!
5	Loved this place! Great food, huge portion sizes, some of the friendliest workers I've met, and they kept the coffee coming. Glad to have them in the neighborhood. We will be back soon.
5	So great, the portion sizes are fantastic for the price. I ordered the Country Fried Chicken, it was awesome. The coolest thing was the bar top seating and the juicer machine. Actual fresh squeezed juice made right in front of out and its so so so good. The wait staff is so polite and attentive to your needs. Management comes around to talk to you which is nice because I hate when come around and just ask if you're ok and then just leave, it's like dude just leave me alone if you're not going to engage me. But they and great here and they have a little gift shop and Mama Bear walking around the restaurant for kids. All-n-all pretty damn good.
5	Just had breakfast with the family at Black Bear. Stuffed to the gills. Boy this neighborhood needed a great diner.
5	I've been eating at the Black Bear Diner on Trop and Jones for years and always enjoyed it, but I always wished it was closer to my side of town!Well, Christmas Miracles do happen!! The Henderson location opened the day before Christmas Eve. I was so excited, I went on opening day!  I have now been 4 times in 5 days!! The new location is a big, new restaurant in the same style as the one cross town. The layout affords many more people, yet in an odd way, less ambient noise. There is a good mix of booths, tables and even a counter. The food is exactly what I have come to expect from the BBD. Large portions, prepared perfectly and a large variety of items to choose from. The new staff is being trained, expertly I might add, by experts from other locations. Paula is in charge of the servers and every time I go in to the restaurant, she is working hard to make sure that each guest feels welcomed, but also that each server is doing it the "right way".  In Las Vegas, those of us that live here, have had to get used to uncaring and slopping service, because most restaurants do not spend the time or the resources to train their staff. Not true here!! This team is going to be stellar, when she's done. There is another individual I would like to mention, he's one of the Manager's and his name is Chris. He seems to be primarily working back of house with the kitchen staff. He has come out to check on what I thought of the food I had ordered, it's presentation and more importantly was it any good, on each of my visits. Who does that? They do. Both Paula, Chris and a handful of others, have already learned and greeted me by name each time I walk through the door!s! Amazing!I urge you to try this new Black Bear Diner. From the breakfast they serve all day, to the sandwiches, burgers and entrees, to the home cooked enormous desserts, you won't be disappointed. It's good home cooked food, served and prepared by people who care!! I know I'll be going back, time and time again!!
4	Yum! Really great food. Happy to see a location in green valley! Busy but no wait for a table. Food service a little slow but worth the wait! Great brunch for $35 for 2 ppl.
5	This place is great! I went here with my mother and her girlfriends while visiting for the holidays. They are breakfast  connoisseurs and was very excited to hear there was a new place in town! Immediately entering the restaurant the atmosphere was adorable  and cozy. The hostest was nice and even accepted all my corny jokes. Service was excellent! My cup never went empty and Ashton made sure we got everything we needed and more! The coffee is great and when they brought out the plates...OH MY...they were huge!!!! Only constructive criticism is that I ordered the eggs Benedict and the yolks were hard...but I still really enjoyed my meal regardless!! So good! Will definitely be coming back!! Thanks for the superb breakfast!
4	I'm glad Black Bear Diner is in Green Valley now! We were definitely missing a decent diner-style place for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. This location is spacious and clean. The service is friendly. There's a great variety on the menu and anything I've ever tried from Black Bear Diner has been delicious. Certainly nothing fancy, but reliably hearty portions (with smaller ones available) and good food. And you gotta love the bear theme - too cute.
4	Born and raised in Long Island, New York  the diner is an institution that is a part of my heritage. Now living in Las Vegas, my heritage was on the other side of the continent. A couple of years ago when I was motoring on W. Tropicana Avenue I hit the jackpot when I laid eyes on Black Bear Diner. It was guaranteed I would try it. After two meals there I was impressed. However, it is a drive from Henderson to Spring Valley to enjoy a diner. But something happened. Santa Claus gave Henderson residents and myself an awesome Christmas present: a brand new Black Bear Diner. This would rejuvenate a former Chili's that had been a sight for sore eyes the last couple of years.   When I bestow 4 star ratings and the food is 3 to 3.5 stars, exceptional service or a unique environment could top it off to that level. In the case of Black Bear Diner it is the later. The bear theme is welcoming, entertaining, and unique. When customers walk toward the entrance, a family of bear statues are an omen of what awaits inside. In the vestibule there are couple of bear statues. Inside the diner, the bear motif is prevalent. However, this location is missing the menagerie of stuffed bears that make the Tropicana Avenue Diner a quasi-stuffed bear museum. On the table, the menu is displayed on newspapers. Nearby the menu is a history of Black Bear Diner that is rich in bear lore. In its own way, Black Bear Diner reminds me more of Cracker Barrel than a greasy spoon.   Being a diner, there are so many choices. I visited during dinner. I selected the meat loaf diner. It included corn bread with either a soup or salad. I went with the chicken noodle soup. It was fresh and delicious. It included mixed vegetables and a choice of potato. I went with the mashed potatoes with gravy. The abundant portion equaled quantity and quality. With a bottomless Coke, it came to a little over $16 before the tip which the waitress certainly deserved.   The waitress was friendly and professional. It was brought to my attention that a few Black Bear Diner employees from California were assisting with the grand opening.   It is worth mentioning that the kitchen is exposed, where the customers could see the cooks making the food. In a way, the cooks were part of the entertainment.   Black Bear Diner is down the street from me. I not only intend to return to Black Bear Diner a few times. I intend to try at least three different items from their menu then ultimately incorporate them into a review update that will be part of a list of  "restaurant in focus" or another name I come up with. But in the mean time, "Happy New Year!"
2	Slowest service I've ever encountered anywhere. Took 40 min to get our food . Food was just OK.. Not great. They ran out of soup and baked potatoes and after waiting 40 min they got my order wrong. Manager comp'd my bill . Not sure what all the hype it about this place. Kinda disappointing really
3	In keeping with the tradition in Las Vegas, this place puts on an enourmous plate of food. The portions are massive. However, also in keeping with Las Vegas traditions, the quality is marginal at best. Why do these places seem to think that quantity is more important than quality?? Same with Hash House A Go Go.Our party of 4 ordered a variety of breakfast offerings. The buscuits and gravy were good. The biscuits were enornous. The gravy was not enough to keep up with the size of the biscuits. I ordered a dish called a Southern Scramble. It came with an enorous biscuit and gravy, 3 scrambled eggs, about a ton of hashbrowns and 2 huge sausage patties. They make their own sausage patties. They were not very good. They were so over seasoned with sage, they were almost inedible. Good thing I didn't order the spicey. Two of my guests ordered pancakes. Stated they were the worst ever eaten. Heavy as saddle bags and mushy in the middle.One guest sent his meal back. Everything was cold. Amazingly they completely redid the entire meal. No microwaving it.Service was wonderful. Mindy our waitress did everthing in her power to make our experience memorable. Service was fast, friendly and perfect.
4	RAWR! The corner of Green Valley and Sunset has turned into bear country with Black Bear Diner!  Good to see that this family diner based in No Cali has expanded again with a corporate location now open in the Green Valley area of Henderson. Happy to have a place that serves breakfast all day and is open early and past 3pm unlike the breakfast places in the area. The newsletter type menu also lists lunch and dinner plates too!  Country homestyle comfort is the cuisine here. Sweet Cream waffles and pancakes, Country Fried Steak, Hot Tuna Melts, Pot Roast are just some examples.  The serving portions are pretty big. Enough to feed a hungry bear. Even the cornbread muffin we had was pretty good size and more than enough for one person.Cool points - They recognized the health & calorie conscious crowd . Sections throughout the menu list:"Fit and Focus: breakfast offerings under 500 calories"Little Less": smaller portions of some of the breakfast, lunch and dinner items. I ordered lunch from this section which was a Tuna Melt and it came with your choice of side;  fries, housemade potato salad, coleslaw, green salad OR cup of soup. They allow substitutions.IE..If you are vegetarian or want gluten free they'll switch out the bacon for fruit. Prices are a great value for what you get. Quality of food, fair/good. Many items made in-house, the oranges are freshly squeezed thru an industrial sized juicer. Execution wise..needs more work...The hashbrowns on the first visit we got were not drained well enough and was a bit greasy.  Our second try at it we ordered it to be more crisp...still greasy..sigh.. Sweet Cream pancakes were okay. At least they weren't dense but not that fluffy either. Orders took longer than should be and first time they got my order mixed up with Mr. B.  ..minor glitches, but cutting them slack since they've been open less than a week.Not a fan of servers closing out the tab and giving you the receipt and you pay cashier..it's more convenient yes, but it just feels more rushed and you don't see your server much after they hand you the ticket. Atmosphere - Casual but not feeling the rustic lodge feel like their Redding location.  But every location is different and unique in it's own way. So since we're in the desert it's faux lodge ish.They did a great job revamping this building that has been an eyesore for the past 3 years. Great use of space, plenty of booths and tables.There's even diner counter style seating in front of the partially open kitchen. I was thrilled to see and hear that the same guy still carves all the wooden bears (with a chainsaw) It was tradition when we traveled we would make stops at Black Bear Diners and our kids would take a pic with the bears that were 3x their size.Service - Great personalities! Friendly and eager to please. Still needs work on a few areas.  Both visits we sat at our table for a good 5 minutes before anyone came and acknowledged us and take our drink order.  They apologized though for the wait. Some of the employees from their Cali restaurants flew over here to help out and train as the "Opening Crew" . Really 3.5 but rating 4 for for value and for the choices they offer... plus the nostalgia won me over.  In time the Green Valley crew will rock the fifth star. Welcome to the Hendo hood Black Bear Diner!
3	Nice decor and the staff is attentive and friendly. The coffee is good and strong which is a huge plus. My friend had a burger which was huge and he enjoyed it. I had the "famous" pancakes made with sweet cream. While 2 pancake was enough to fill my plate I could only eat a small portion. They had a great taste it's just they were too big and thick. Even with a lot of butter and syrup I did not really enjoy them as they were dry and heavy. The verdict is still out on Black Bear and I may return, but not a place I would go for pancakes. We will see....
4	It is nice to know that there is a place that serves great and delicious food at a reasonable price and that it is family oriented also the staff is very friendly and welcoming they are people that you would like to have at your house just to say.  Plus to top it off  they serve coconut cream pie for dessert hallelujah.
2	Portions HUGE!  Rough night.  Waiting 30 min for a table... No biggie it's Friday night.  But our server could not handle the rush.  Waited 10 min (not an exaggerated time) for drinks then placed our order!  My food had a hair in it (it happens) but my friend son got presented a meal he did not even order and we're hoping in a few months things settle in and service and everything is more smooth and better!
2	Decided to make a second visit to this place. This time we decided to check out their dinner menu. Three of us this time. Again, massive portions, very disappointing quality of food. A regional manager was in the restraunt watching all the staff. They were on their best bahavior and were on their "A" game. The food quality leaves a lot to be desired. I ordered the Tri-Tip. I ordered it medium rare. Service fast, Food quality poor. Meat was very over cooked and was like shoe leather. No sauce or juicyness. Asked for some au ju to dip my dry meat into. One of my guests tried their pork loin. Not really good. Marginal at best. Another guest ordered the small order of Chicken Fried Steak. Chicken Fried Steak was the best part of the entire meal. It was flavorful but, nothing better than you can find in many other places here. Our server Tammarra recommended the Bread Pudding for dessert. Very disappointing. It was not good. She had billed it as one of the best things on the menu. That was scary. It had been heated in a microwave. The top half was hot, the bottom was ice cold. The bread portion was like a dried out old cinnamon roll. It needed a vanilla sauce or milk sauce put on it. By the time we got ready to leave, the place was packed and getting mobbed. Tamarra was able to get us a check, but, we didn't get a chance to discuss our meal with her.They really need to work on their menu. The food quality is not very good. They concentrate on portion size and overwhelming you. The quality suffers greatly.
3	I've rejected my own judgements of Blackbear Diner and have determined that they have a legit breakfast offering.  (This review is based on breakfast only..no experience with lunch or dinner)I've eaten at other Blackbear diners and likely judged them on the 'Merica clientele and oversized portions.   This time I went with an open mind and looked past the oversized portions by sharing a plate and couldn't see some of the diners because they were wearing deer hunting camouflage.  We also had a great, attentive server.  Pretty sure he was a "bear" himself, which made us feel more welcomed. We split the Bear's Choice with pancakes, eggs and bacon.  The bacon was thick and tasty and the pancakes were pretty hearty with a really great buttermilk flavor.  Splitting was the best, cause this plate was huge.  The coffee was a nice blend, too. The host staff was real chipper, I'm sure it's the grand opening enthusiasm, but I wish this place well and I'm sure we'll hit it up again.
4	WE LOVE IT! The food and service is great. We always joke about BBD expanding but then they would only have more customers and still no seating on Sunday morning.
3	Went in on a Saturday night at 7pm. Did nor have to wait for our table.  Was sat down by the manager and he took our drink order. Shortly after our waitress took our meal order. Took a bit for our shake to be made but it was tasty. When our meal arrived, they had taken it upon themselves to add cheese to the top of my spaghetti instead of asking if I would like any or how much. Once I took a bite into my food, I noticed the lack of sauce and how dry the meatballs were. Not tasty at all. The staff also left our refilled cups on our table our whole meal. Something we've noticed was how unorganized the staff were at finding their tables. They were asking each other who ordered what food and where it went. A waitress did notice I looked unhappy with my food and offered to get me a free burger & fries. I believe it's called a "Bob Burger". When we got our receipt, they had also took my spaghetti off my ticket.I do have to mention the Bob Burger was tasty, flavorful, juicy and filling. I loved every bite of it.
5	I. Was so. Hungry. Eryka took care of us, even after a stuttered over ordering an "Arnold Palmer." The service was great throughout our visit. Perfect 10!They've got a bacon cheeseburger in a bowl. Perfect for this L.A. girl to feel like she's still eating a tad bit healthy. And I mean, the pies. THE PIES. When we sat down, we were hungry to the nth degree, so I of course ordered too many things (yeaux leaux) and we eyed those desserts the whole time we ate! We got full halfway through our meal, but I was determined to order a pie before I left. The waitress laughed at how excited we were - I even sang and danced as it got wrapped to go! My friend and I shared a coconut cream pie and I literally have no ragrets. Not even a single letter. I enjoy places that have an open diner bar/kitchen window and more than generous portions. Black Bear Diner also has there hot sauces and other cute souvenirs for sale in the front. I will definitely be returning the next time I am in Henderson. I still need a photo with the adorable bear family out front.
5	I love diners.  I miss diners.  This one filled a void in my heart and stomach; I'm happy to have discovered it with a friend over my recent vacation.Placed in a converted Chili's in Green Valley, this restaurant is at a great location with tons of parking and many other shopping places close by.  It's also next door to a public library.  The evening I went was very busy; the wait time wasn't fast but acceptable.  The decor favored black bears, for obvious reasons, with a very rustic/mountain feel.  It was easy to tell it was a small-scale chain due to their professional menus and their own brand of ketchup and hot sauces (all 3 were delicious: papa, mama, and baby bears! haha). The menu is typical diner fare, which is exactly what we were craving.  Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are served at all times.  I opted for the California Eggs Benedict and was in love!  The food did not arrive quickly, but was worth the wait.  My eggs came with fruit and potatoes, the latter of which was not on the plate.  As an apology, an full sized plate of the potatoes were brought to the table (I thought there was no way I could finish them, but I was wrong- too delicious to pass up).  The food was an excellent value; the iced tea was strong and tasty.The restrooms were large and clean.  The staff was very friendly and helped each other.I wish I had one of these close by!
5	This place was delicious! Great service wonderful food! I had a burger and it was great. Had Apple crisp cobbler and omg I loved it! Highly recommend!
