5	My hair stylist Max Maddux moved to Cielo Salon and Spa in Henderson not too long ago and I live in Summerlin, so yes I travel over 30 miles to get there; that in itself should speak wonders of what a great job Max does! I have short thick hair, which can often be hard to cut and color properly, but he always does a phenomenal job and knows exactly what I want. Max always works hard to accommodate my schedule too! The salon itself is very well kept, great products and very accessible off the 215 freeway with lots of parking. I am excited to try something on their spa menu too one of these days!
5	Best salon and spa here every month penny is the best stylist ever would never let anyone else touch my hair.... they also have the best spa services facials and massages HEAVEN!!!!!
5	Great,  Cielo Salon and Spa has a fresh new look , the care and service is Fantastic. Hair Styling, Coloring and Spa.
5	This place is amazing! For any facials or waxing Chris is def the girl to go to! Fast, efficient and amazing massages! The staff is great! Brittney upfront is always helpful and friendly and their products are always on hand and any person there can help you find what you need.
5	I had been looking for a good salon in Henderson that was not going to cost me a fortune and I found it today! Jen knew exactly what to do! Picked a beautiful hair color and style and I will be going back to see her. Their BB products are really good too. I love Redken colors that's why I went there.  Everyone was friendly. They have a $50 massage for 50 minutes I will be taking mom to!
5	So for some reason my review was filtered.. but whateverCielo is amazing,  from the first phone call they rock! I've been going there since it was open! The front Desk girl, Brittney is amazing such fast efficient and will be honest with you.Chris- the esthetician, she's awesome! She's the only girl I go to for facials and waxing, super friendly, gentle and gets you in and out!
5	The hair stylist Michelle, who styles and colors hair at Cielo Salon & Spa,  saved my daughters day, after another stylist colored and damaged her hair, ( my daughter 16 was appearing in a dance competition) Michelle repaired her hair and now looks Fantastic. Rob
5	10 stars for my stylist Jen, NEGATIVE 10 stars for the salon's racist nail technicians.  Jen is the BEST EVER.  I usually hate getting haircuts since I end up at home in tears the next day trying to style or fix my hair after a cut.  Jen cut, color and put highlights in my hair. It turned out perfect! I was going to get my nails done and waxing too, but while I was getting the color put on my hair I could hear the "nail ladies" from across the salon making fun of Asians. I suppose they couldn't tell I am part Asian.   I normally would NEVER step foot in this place again, but Jen is the best of the best.  I just hope she moves somewhere else.
5	Update, after my last review I received a call from the owner about the "nail ladies" and she apologized for their behavior and offered my next service on the house.  I appreciate the call from the owner and now feel a lot better about going back to the salon, while I am still offended by the behavior of the "nail ladies" I don't think their behavior reflects the attitude of the salon. Which is great! I can't wait to go back and see Jen, she's a GODDESS! I still LOVE LOVE LOVE my hair and have gotten TONS of compliments.
1	I'm not sure who the receptionist is, but she is HORRIBLE. I called on Sunday (the day before MLK) to see if they would be open on MLK and the receptionist told me yes, that she had appointment times at 10, 11 and 12. I told her that was great and I would call her back to confirm. I was excited that I found a salon open on a holiday. When I called back, they were closed, which was okay because I left a message expecting a phone call first thing in the morning. Evidently the receptionist had no idea what she was talking about because I tried calling all morning and the salon actually WAS closed. I had an important event last night and I was left scrambling for another salon, which was a complete disaster.When I called this morning to see if they could do anything for me, the 2nd receptionist I encountered was RUDE AND HORRIBLE as well. She had an attitude and was not empathetic at all. All she kept repeating was "well I'm not sure why she told you that, but yesterday was MLK day, we were CLOSED". I KNOW this because I tried calling them all day. WORST customer service I ever experienced!! Will not recommend this place to ANYONE!
5	I get manicures by Andrea and she is amazing! I get my hair done by Amber and  she is wonderful! I have my sons hair done by Amber & Jen and they are so good with my boys and always do exactly what we want! I come here for all of my salon services and to buy hair product, the prices are affordable and the staff is awesome!
4	Just had my hair done by Amber and it looks great. I went in there with an idea of what I wanted and she did exactly a pretty good job of interpreting with my poor explanation. She did some highlights, some lowlights and cut. She showed me some hair swatches of the colors she was thinking of and I picked the ones I liked the best. She is very friendly and quick at doing hair. I was out of there in under 21/2 hours. It turned out great and for two colors and cut, it was reasonably priced. My only complaint is that the chairs are horribly uncomfortable to me for some reason.EDITED TO ADD: AMBER is now at Liaison Salon and Spa in Henderson. I still see her and she does a great job!
5	We travel full time and it was time to get my hair cut and colored.  Danielle did a super job and was fun to talk to.  Thanks to Brittany, the receptionist, who put me in touch with Danielle after I walked in requesting a stylist to help.  The salon was clean and fun, and I would highly recommend it.Patty
5	I moved to Henderson in March and it had been 6 months since my last cut.  I was desperate for a hair cut!  But I wanted it done right and at the right price.  So I did a lot of research and eventually went here because of a discount for new clients they offered on their website at the time.  Rachel cut my hair and I love it.  The cut turned out great, the color was exactly what I wanted.  I'll be coming back here again.  Thanks!
5	Love Amber!  She does such a great job on my hair and is reasonably priced.  I have been to a few salons and have never been satisfied. Amber actually listens, (shocker) and even helps me with my indecisiveness.  Too many times stylists have not gotten it right with color. When I ask for a caramel color I don't expect a dark mocha color.
5	I love Cielo! No other salon in Vegas / Henderson has ever done as good of a job on my hair. Penny is the best! The salon always has great specials on spa services too.
5	I just visited Cielo for the first time - although, I have been a faithful client of Christopher for some time now. I highly recommend him for any haircut or color. Chris's creativity, ability to "decode" what I'm requesting, and sense of humor are all wonderful. The salon has a comfortable atmosphere and friendly staff.
5	After spending several hours researching Yelp reviews, I finally decided on this place. I am from out state visiting friends with a photoshoot session coming up, and I wanted to pamper myself and finally cut my hair. I haven't had a real haircut in about two years. I probably had only three trims done since then.My experience was absolutely amazing. Although I'm not very experienced in going to hair salons, I found this rare visit very pleasant. Starting from the receptionist over the phone when scheduling my appointment, she was professional and made sure she knew the details for the reason of my visit.Chris is an amazing stylist! Since I'm not one to go to hair salons, and I'm very low maintenance, I.didn't know what I wanted really. I came to him with only a vague and general description of what I possibly wanted. I could only imagine how frustrating that may be. I just told him I wanted a fresh cut, possible color, and something low maintenance where I can step out of the shower and not need to style or do much.He went with a deep single all over color. It's a nice violet red that is only visible in the sunlight, which is nice because I won't have to worry when my roots grow out. During the wash, he gave a very relaxing head massage that I wasn't really expecting, so that was a real treat. Then he did the cut. Got rid of the bleached tips I had grown out. Added layers and even used the razor scissors for a razor cut. I much prefer that than when people use a real razor.if I were to visit town again, I would definitely stop by in here again. I may want to try something bolder next time though. I wish I could have my hair styled and make up done here for my photoshoot too.
5	This salon is very clean. I like how organized all the products for sale are . I made an appointment for a bang trim and Jason did my hair it looks terrific.
5	What a great experience I had last week at this salon!  Michelle Morency was FANTASTIC !! Michelle colored my hair and gave me a full head of extensions. My color is great and my extensions look so natural. I was impressed with her knowledge of the product and the experience she has with doing hair. I would recommend her to anyone who wants a great color and fantastic extensions.
5	After moving to Las Vegas from NJ and letting my hair grow out for my wedding for the last six months I went to Cielo on Saturday desperate for a hair cut.  I gotta admit my hair was in really bad shape.  However, Jason was somehow able to make it look great again.  He listened to my concerns about not wanting it too short and gave me a great layered hair cut.  I love their shampoo chairs you can have your legs up so it's comfortable for your hair.  And he even massaged my neck during the shampoo.  Jason is very easy to talk to and I am so happy to find my new stylist.  Try him I'm sure you'll be happy too!
5	Jason did my hair yesterday,  it feels andlooks fabulous. He is definitely my new hair stylist!!
4	Been going here forever for waxing! I love the setting and location! I recently stopped going for my brazilian wax because  I was getting burned. That never used to happen so I think it might just be a change of product that my skin doesn't like. My mom still gets her brazilian wax there and is fine and I  still get my eyebrows done. I definitely recommend this place overall. if you have sensitive skin I don't recommend the brazilian wax!
5	Jody gives the best massage ever! Seven years of stress melted away in an hour. Her hands clearly know where and how to press. Coming back every month from now on!
5	I recently lost my hairstylist and was once again on the hunt for a good one, which can certainly be hit or miss here in Las Vegas.  I chose Cielo based on the proximity to my house and the reasonable rates listed on their website.  The receptionist was friendly and professional when I made my appointment.  The appointment was with Tawny.  When I arrived, the salon was busy, but clean, with a great selection of music playing, and at an appropriate volumn level.  Tawny was professional and friendly, and listened patiently to me while I attempted to tell her what I was looking for in my blonde color.  Now, anyone who has had a bad "blonde" experience knows how scary it is to tell someone you want to go much lighter, almost platinum really.  And, please don't make it yellow or orange!  She was patient, and extremely thorough, laying in over 100 foils I would estimate!  I had expected to take 3 or 4 times of gradually lightening my hair to get it where i wanted.  But, once the bleach was out and the PERFECT shade of toner applied, it was exactly what I wanted without really realizing that was what I wanted after only one session.  She did a fabulous job, and took a lot of time with me, both with the color process, and with the cut and blowdry afterward.  She was with me long after closing to make sure I walked out of there feeling great.  I will definitely use her again, and would suggest to anyone who is looking for a great job at a reasonable price to ask for her.
5	Love love love Cielo! Super clean, staff is so friendly ! Penny does amazing hair!! & Chris is awesome @ waxing ! I live across town but well worth the drive! Wouldn't go any where else!!
5	My first time there.  Called to schedule and was offered a same day appointment with Lily,   saw that she had good reviews on here so I took it.  She was great, Told her what I wanted and she did it perfectly.  She is the first stylist I've gone to in what seems like forever that got it right.  I definitely recommend.
4	I lost another stylist to another state,so I was on the hunt for a new one. My hair had gotten quite long and I decided this summer it was all getting cut off. Drastic yes. So I yelped salons in Henderson Cielo came up.  Got a same day appointment with Lily she did a great job.  You could tell she loves what she does I liked that a lot. Very pleased with my very short hair. Made my follow appointment before I left.
3	The salon is clean and charming and has a great reputation. My first visit was perfect with Yaniss (sp?) for my hair and she is AMAZING. If this was review was based soley on her I would give her 10/5. She listens to her clients, gives expert advice and you walk out happy. My complaint wasn't until my second visit. In attempts to schedule an appointment with the same stylist for a late Friday or Saturday. Since Yaniss is fabulous she was booked up which I understand but whoever I spoke with told me she might have a cancelation and she would call me back either to inform me of the cancelled appointment or to schedule an appointment for another time. Friday evening rolled around and I hadn't heard back so I called back and now she had no cancelled appointments and no appointments coming up because the girl "must have spaced calling me back."  I get it - stuff happens. So they squeezed me in and did my hair later the next week and everything was set. Ok so flash forward like two weeks - I was entered in to win a set of eyelash extensions and I was so excited to find that I was picked. I scheduled an appointment to redeem the service and then the night before came down with the stomach flu everyone had around the time. Clearly I wasn't going to expect someone to apply eyelashes to me so I called the salon to request them reschedule me and no one answered so I left a message. 15 minutes after the time I was scheduled I received a message from who was scheduled to do my service saying that she wouldn't be able to do my eyelashes that day because I was late.... Clearly no one gave her my message so I texted her back explaining the situation and called the salon and left another message. No one has yet to call me back to this day. It is discouraging to your clients when you offer such good services but it's so difficult to get scheduled for them. I have a busy schedule and calling over and over to give you my business isn't ideal.
5	Yasmin, a hair stylist, worked closely with me to understand what I wanted. She took time to understand my hair and my style. Yasmin uses a hair color product that is absolutely the most comfortable treatment I ever had. No itches or stings on my scalp. She took her time matching my color to her color samples. I was very pleased with the result. She gave me a fresh look but had my basic hairstyle in tact. It was a good experience.
5	Always get my hair and nails done by Jose.  Have followed him from another salon and love that he is now at Cielo.  He always knows just what to do with my hair so I don't walk around looking like a hag.  Staff is always nice when I come in and wouldn't go anyplace else as long as Jose is there.
1	Completely unprofessional. I'm so disappointed, I was really excited to try this salon based on the yelp reviews. I called earlier in the week and got a Saturday appointment with Angela for a hair cut. I showed up just before my appointment time and was greeted by the receptionist. She told me she would let Angela know I was there and that is where it all broke down. She came back and told me Angela's schedule got "all messed up" and the earliest she could possibly take me was an hour later. When I asked why no one called me, she said, "ummmm I think we did but we may not have had the right number". I am a little (lot) skeptical of this since Angela didn't even bother to inform the receptionist until after I was there!  Sad enough that she is so incredibly disorganized, then the receptionist has to lie??  Obviously I won't be going back.
5	Yaniss is a great stylist. She listened to me and worked color and cut carefully. The entire experience is relaxed and friendly. The receptionist was very helpful ( I needed hand-holding on phone because I am new to Henderson) and she got me to the shop.I go back each month knowing I will be taken well care of. Jean L.
5	I'm salon - shy by nature. The staff at Cielo were welcoming and friendly. They squeezed me in the same day I called. My stylist, Lily, was awesome. I love my new hair!
1	Being new to vegas, it was hard to find a stylist who used goldwell. On my initial appointment, i told her the formula to use to touch up my roots including adding sugar so my scalp wouldn't burn. Yaniss (her name), came back and began applying the color & i felt my head burning. I asked if she put the sugar in & she said yes.. & i told her i knew she was lying, she then apologized bc she didnt think it would help. First, i have been doing the same thing to my hair for 6 years, and i know what works for me. So, she lied to my face. The manager came over and they washed it out & reapplied with the sugar. The kept apologizing, so i gave her another shot the following month and my hair came our just right. Now, the third time, we started to talk more and i bought her food while my color was sitting. At the end, she turned my roots grey!! I am 25 years old and i am no where near grey! I was panicking because she knew i worked after and then the following morning i flew out to see my boyfriend. She told me to come back after work & she would fix it. I was completely upset, and had no choice but for her to try and fix it. She applied chemicals and dried it out and only fixed the top part of my head, bug if i put my hair up, it was blotchy with grey areas underneath. I couldn't believe this. YANISS RORIGUEZ is an inexperienced stylist, who does not care, did not offer me a refund and told me there is nothing she could do. I left crying. She wasn't sincere and her attitude demonstrates that she doesn't care about how clients hair turns out. I will NEVER GO BACK AND I DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE ELSE TO GO.
5	I want to say how very happy I am with this place. I have been coming here for years and wold never go any where else. I don't care how long I have to drive either, because when you get amazing services and are treated like family you make the effort. Facials, massage, and of course my hair service are always top notch. Again this is the place for all your beauty needs.
5	This experience was flawless. My appointment was right on time. The salon was beautiful, clean & professional. I came in bleach blonde & ready to go back to my natural dark brown. Not a simple task. They went over all the options with me to make sure I was well informed, and I got a gorgeous color as a result. I went for a cut the stylist recommended and love it. Perfect for my long hair. Finally, the product she used on it was so great, I left with 3 of them. She never tried to sell them to me; I could see & feel the quality. This was a wonderful experience & I will absolutely be back.
5	This salon gets five stars for their friendliness, cleanliness and very reasonable prices.  I met with Yaniss for the first time. She listened very carefully to what I wanted then repeated it back to me to make sure she understood.  Then she agreed to cut my boyfriend's hair while my color was setting even though he didn't have an appointment. She was very sweet and accommodating.  This was a great experience.  Recommended the salon to both of my parents.
