4	So it's entirely possible I have a new favorite nail place.My hands have seen better days. I have been too busy to go as often as I like, and so a friend took me here before the holidays for a quick fix and fill, just to make sure I looked good for all my travels and festivities. That said, I expected to pop in, get a quick file and color, and be on my way.Not quite.Not only did the gentelman who owns the place take his time... he did what amounts to the most amazing nail job I have had a long time. He fixed little inconsistencies that the layperson wouldn't be able to see. He made sure nothing was in danger of breaking or chipping. He took his time but he didn't drag his feet. He did it right the first time.In between that first visit and my trip over there last Monday, I had a fill at my usual go-to spot in North Las Vegas... and it was horrid. Nails were lifting, the filing was uneven, the fill itself was clunky and heavy, and the polish was ridiculous at best. Less than 3 days later I was back at Top Nails and asking him to work his magic. Another excellent job and proof I need to just come back here.Add a very relaxing pedicure, and I was hooked!Great people, great little shop. Clean, bright, and open.5 out of 5 on nail work, all the way. 4 out of 5 overall as my eyebrows (done by another tech) were uneven and too thin (even though I said I didn't want them thinned out in any way, just shaped). I'll try again as one of my girlfriends swears by this aesthetician... but until then I shall stick to the amazing manis and pedis.
4	I REALLY wanted a pedicure a few days ago (Monday 12/10) to prettify my neglected toes and was hoping yelp would yield a gem close to the university.  Top Nails is right across the street from me and fellow elite-er Gemini seemed to like it, which was good enough for me to try it.  The sweet lady who greeted me and gave me my pedicure was not the most talkative nail tech, but she did a lovely job.  For a mere $20, my feet underwent a prettifying process that rivalled any pedicure I've received anywhere.  Not only were my toenails buffed, filed, and polished, my feet and calves were treated to a wonderful scrub and massage.The salon itself is clean, quiet, and boasts decent massage chairs.  My nail tech used brand-new instruments and wore gloves -- yay hygiene!So far, my polish job is perfect, even after 2 taekwondo classes, a kickboxing class, and a 4.5 mile hike.  I'm quite impressed and will most definitely visit Top Nails again when I need a respite from my office!
5	Came on a whim for a pedicure. $20 is essentially a steal for the type of treatment you receive. I appreciated a quiet nail tech to truly enjoy this relaxing experience. Highly recommend this place
5	Came on a whim for a pedicure. $20 is essentially a steal for the type of treatment you receive. I appreciated a quiet nail tech to truly enjoy this relaxing experience. Highly recommend this place
1	Went in for a mani pedi. Pedi was okay until I got home and the polish wiped off. I got a mani too so it shouldn't have been wet. It was an hour after the polish was on. My ankles got scrapped up too. The mani was okay but the Polish wasn't put on evenly and I had to file the extra off when I got home. Definitely won't be going back.
2	Location is small, there were only two people working. The guy who did my nails cut my fingers a couple tips while reconstructing my fill but I didn't mind since they were minor. He didn't put a bottom gel coat on and now it's peeling which is really annoying seeing as I got them done yesterday. Price matches the quality of polish you get. The gel was old and clumpy and so was the lamp they used to dry it (which also could be why they're peeling)
5	New owners and technicians, and they are awesome! Teresa did such a great job on my fill and pedicure. ACTUALLY TOOK HER TIME! Didn't feel rushed. Was in town and needed to kill some time, and I'll definitely stop by anytime I'm in the area. 702-739-0027 (have a new number, just FYI).
2	The YELP reviews convinced me to go in.  Walked in on a Saturday, around 245 pm.  They quoted a gel manicure for $20, which is what I pay at my normal nail salon in CA, so I thought it was a good deal.  There were only two nail techs there and both had clients.  After waiting 25 minutes, the male worker starts on my nails.  The final product resulted in 2 really thin coats of uneven gel polish.  The hand massage by the guy with rough hands was little  unpleasant. When it came time to pay, he said $30.  I mentioned the previous quote and he said that was only for gel polish.  :/ I felt ripped off and mislead by previous Yelp reviewers on this one.
