5	I love coming here for Bach Beethoven and Brunch. Try to get there early  9am if you want to be in the front near the orchestra or meander around the back and find a shady spot under a huge tree with your picnic. Always bring a big soft blanket so you can lay down.I adore soaking in the music while the sun rays poke through the swaying leaves displaying a kaleidoscope of light on my face. Sipping OJ in stryofoam cups and nibbling on strawberry and kiwi fruit salad makes the morning sublime.One time I even made breakfast burritos. I have to insist that the burritos were super delicious but messy to eat in the park. Mellon Park also hosts " A Fair in the Park " you will find music, fine arts, food, and fun! You can buy some great plants at the Phipps garden center adjacent to this Sunday event. The brain looking plants are my favorite! See you this summer!
5	So I went to Mellon Park for a late night outing with an ex-man friend and my Moo Moo Pie (aka Molly aka the dog).Its definitely a beautiful spot late at night when no ones around. The lights on the lawn in front of the fountain are lit.Theres plenty of room for Molly to run around for a good 2 hours.Id say if you're in Shadyside and looking for some romantical date ideas a late night picnic here is a must.
5	I visited the park for the first time for "Bach, Beethoven and Brunch"This free concert features a wide variety of classical and instrumental groups every Sunday from 10:30 until noon.  The Allegheny Brass was enjoyable to hear in this well maintained park with plenty of spots to grab a spot in the shade.  The park has some stunning overlooks and rolling hills.  I look forward to coming back to this beautiful park for a leisurely stroll around the grounds.
5	I stopped here real quick the other day, and I have to admit that this park is absolutely beautiful.  It amazes me to know what this area once looked like.  I cannot wait to see the area in a couple years from now.  I guarantee that there will be so much beauty to accompany this park's greenery.
4	I am thankful for every little bit of green space.  That we have in the city. On a Saturday  I went to A Fair the Park which was held in Mellon Park. A Fair in the Park is a an annual arts festival put on by the Craftmen's Guild. There were easily 60 different artists there.  I purchased a beautiful handmade mosaic framed mirror. This was my first visit to Mellon Park.  Upon arrival I was little confused as to how gain access to the park, but I asked a friendly dog walker and made my way through a side gate.  Although I am not a dog owner, the park seemed to be very pet friendly. The park is a slice of heaven , it's very roomy and has both upper and lower levels.  Also at this location there is a rather lovely walled garden.  My first trip to Mellon park and I really enjoyed the space.
5	How awesome to have this park just steps from our apartment. It's our go-to green space for a short walk or to read a book. It has some nice walking paths and some really beautiful trees scattered throughout it, with some funky art spaces. I'm a big fan!
5	This is the perfect park for kids, little and big. My sister and I took my nephew over the weekend. He is about two years old, and of course wanted to play on the "big kid" playground. There are a variety of playground options, as well as a large swingset and plenty of space to run around.
