2	It's great to have a nice place in the neighborhood. The decor is very professionally done and it looks like a fabulous place for a date or nice night out.I met some clients at the bar where we had drinks. I found the service at the bar professional, but somewhat ambivalent in attitude. I don't want to be fawned over, but I do expect staff at a place like this to be a little more engaged and present. The selection of tap beers was short, but nice.Afterward, that same night, I met another client there for dinner. The service was good and the menu looked great. My guests all enjoyed their food. One had a large dinner salad, another had the buckwheat crepes, a third had the grass-fed steak and I had the Cornish hen, which the wait person had recommended because it was a family recipe. The presentation and appearance of all of our dinners was excellent. The flavors in my Cornish hen and the sides were delicious. What I am in shock over is the portion and the price. The menu states "Cornish hen", it is $23 and there is no mention of the portion. It was not a full Cornish hen. It was not a half Cornish hen. It was a 1/4 Cornish hen. One very small leg connected to one very small thigh. That's it. I've seen more meat in an average size chicken strip.I will try Oliver's again, but will be more careful when I order.
2	I was really excited for Oliver's to open but was pretty disappointed when I ate there on their opening night. I had read that Oliver's price point was supposed to fall between nearby Lombardino's ($$$) and Blue Moon ($$), and was pretty shocked when I saw that most main courses were actually in the $18-$30 range. I ordered one of the less expensive dishes, the macaroni, and found it to be a little burnt. When I ordered the macaroni, the waitress asked me "would you like a soup or salad with that?" so I requested the soup, assuming that it was included in my dish - I was then shocked to find that an $8 charge for soup was included in my bill. I thought that this was pretty misleading. On the pro side, the soup, bread appetizer, and cocktails were really good. But again, they were a little too expensive (minus the bread, which was complimentary). I really really hope that Oliver's lowers their prices or adds some cheaper dishes (e.g. burgers and sandwiches). The neighborhood is mostly medical students and residents, and in my opinion, a menu and price point similar to The Old Fashioned would fare much, much better.
1	I should've known my visit wasn't  going to fare well when our waitress mentioned "We've been open for a week and working out all the kinks". Unfortunately, the kinks were not worked out by the time of our visit.The interior is warm and inviting and caught our eye when we walked by. There is a bar as you walk in with some seating and the a larger dining room in the back. When I saw "public house" as part of the restaurant's name, I was expecting a menu more focus on casual fare with a few sandwich options. Not the case here. With entrees in the high teens-low 20's and appetizers hovering around $10, the bill can get pretty high pretty quick. While the craft cocktails were worthy of their price point, the food was definitely not. I was impressed when the waitress steered my daughter away from the $15 adult mac and cheese and towards the version on the kids menu (she thought the adult maybe had too strong of flavors). I was not impressed to find out the bland kids version (served with ice cream) was $14. This is an absolute joke. My girlfriend went went the clans and mussels while I opted for the whitefish sticks appetizer and squash soup. The mussel/clam combo had a nice broth and served with grilled bread for dipping. But, for perhaps 7 mussels and another 6 clams, $16 is priced too high. My whitefish appetizer (with homemade chips) was fine but again overpriced ($10). On the other hand, my squash soup missed the mark severely. It took on the taste of the kale and was finished inexplicably with balsamic vinegar-completely masking the flavor of the creamy squash. Parking is hard to come by (there is a space for patrons about a half block away) and with price points this high (and not having the food to match), I would be surprised if it lasts even a year. A shame as its a beautiful space.
3	Good cocktail menu; nothing in the near west side area does nice drinks so we're excited to have it in the neighborhood. Nice decor. Food was good (tagliatelle and Cornish game hen). Staff is certainly new; they were polite and all but reading from a script and walking past our table a bunch without a glance and generally feeling stiff. I'd go back for food or drinks. Improved service or a signature food item would bump up my rating.
5	I couldn't have been more pleased with my first visit to Oliver's. The atmosphere is cozy and warm, with lovely decor and a great vibe. My party and I were greeted and seated immediately, and our server was with us very promptly. He was quite knowledgeable and personable, and made sure we were aware of all of the special aspects of the menu- including all of the ingredients that are procured locally and/or made in house. The cocktail list is fun and imaginative, as well as tasty, and the variety of beers on tap is well-rounded. The complimentary bread, served with some sort of deliciously sweet whipped butter, is some of the tastiest I've ever had. My table tried several of the appetizers, with some of the highlights being the ricotta fritters (served with honey over creamed spinach) and the sausage de-jour (made in house and served with delicious accompaniments). I ordered the buckwheat crepes, which were absolutely scrumptious and nicely priced at $14. My friends all loved their entrees as well, and commented on how nicely everything was cooked.  For dessert we tried the churros with espresso ice cream (yum!!) and the milk stout float (very creative). There is no doubt I will be back for more tasty food and drink!
3	My husband and I have a tradition of getting a sitter for Christmas shopping and dinner. We look forward to it every year. This year, I was thinking about all of the local shops we wanted to hit, and wanted to go to a new Madisonian restaurant. I've been intrigued with Oliver's, as I work nearby. We arrived at 5:30, to find a lovely, cozy place with literally no guests. Imagine our dismay when the host walked us past dozens of empty tables to a 2-top by the kitchen and bussing station. There literally were no other guests at the time. Not a great first impression and we asked to be moved. The waitress was lovely - savvy, smart and well informed. Menu is quite limited, but I prefer that since the quality is often better. We had the nightly sausage appetizer, pork shoulder and crepes. It was good - not great. Returned the sausage to kitchen because it was cold. They brought a new one. Hoping that as this new place gets up and running, they work out the kinks. I'd love to bring my team here for dinner but am not quite ready to pull the trigger on that yet.
5	What a beautiful restaurant! Love, love, love the wood floors.My partner and I shared the ricotta fritters, they were fluffy and not too greasy. Would definitely order again. For dinner, I had the tagliatelle, which is quite possibly my new favorite entree in Madison. The smoked mushrooms are amazing! The server warned me that people either love or hate the tagliatelle. It is a dish for people who like flavor! My partner had the cornish hen and enjoyed it very much. For desert, we shared a ice cream trio. The cinnamon-pear was my favorite but the beet ice cream with chocolate covered walnuts was impressive. I love beets but was a little hesitant to try them in my ice cream. My reservations were ill-founded, everyone who loves beets must try the beet ice cream at Oliver's! I also had the mulled cider with desert and would highly recommend this delicious drink, especially on a cold night.As for the service, we were seated promptly and our server was attentive. Some reviewers complained about the prices and menu selection. This is a nice farm-to-table restaurant. It is not a burger joint. If you want a cheap burger, walk across the street to The Blue Moon. If you want a high end burger, head down University a half mile to La Brioche. Oliver's is a great addition to the near west side, can't wait to go back!
5	Oliver's is awesome! We've been there twice in the last month. The atmophere is intimate and warm. The first time we went with a large group and taste-tested everyone's entrees. They were all delicious. Then, more recently, we went and both ordered fish,I the salmon, and my husband the trout. They were perfectly prepared. We love the ambiance of the bar area. The bartenders, at our request, concocted a signature drink to enjoy with our bread pudding dessert. The drink was called 'Death Rides a White Horse'...and it was heavenly. Our service was excellent both times. We love the variety of the menu, and how they have a special ham and potato salad featured on Sundays. Since quite a few Madison area restaurants aren't open on Sundays, this is very appealing. We plan on making a visit to Oliver's a monthly culinary experience.
5	The food was excellent.  I had the buckwheat crepes which were amazing especially if you like brussel sprouts!  My table also ordered and raved about the scallops and grits and the pork!  The bar menu seemed like it was carefully picked as I had a hard time deciding between the excellent beer, wine, and cocktail choices!  The tap menu was very reasonably priced.  They have really cool tables that can be easily transformed from a 4 top to a 6 top at the drop of the hat which makes it easy to meet / not meet some of your most flakey friends!  The atmosphere is very nice and it is nestled in a very neat neighborhood.  Parking can be an issue, however, since it is in such a nice residential area it's not impossible to find a close FREE spot!   The bar is a nice wrap around and plenty of options for seating!
5	Had a great time! Drinks were awesome, food was awesome and Our server Roger was awesome. Love all the local flavors. We showed up with a larger group and everyone had a great time!
3	The ambiance is great and love the decor. It's so nice to have another good quality neighborhood restaurant. The food is pretty good - and the service ok. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt because I really love the concept and will give it another try.
5	As a VA hospital employee, I am ecstatic to have a close, decent place (that takes credit cards) to wind down with my co-workers.  The atmosphere is warm, inviting and clean; the staff attentive, knowledgable and pleasant.  A perfect hangout much needed in the area!!
3	I braved the cold and decided to return to the restaurant to see if the kinks that were ever so present during my first visit have since been worked out.  My reaction is mixed.I am definitely a fan and will be back for a drink (or three) at the bar.  The bar staff is super attentive and the drinks on their menu all hit the spot.  I am also digging their tap beer selection as they feature some unique and different ones.I am not, however, sold on their food.  At the price points, I expect better executed dishes. As it was cold and blustery, I opted for the Glazed Pork Shoulder that sat on top  of a white bean puree, accompanied with roasted apple and bacon lardons.  I can respect the farm to table element but for $21, I found the pork shoulder to be a little tough and dry (neither of which I would expect from a Berkshire hog).I still feel, over time, when the bright shiny feel of a new restaurant wears off in the community, Oliver's will have difficulty pulling in the customer's.  Let's face it, there are many places in Madison that espouse farm to table at similar price points which execute and deliver more solidly than Oliver's.  I will be back for drinks but methinks not for anything food related.
