4	I was here most often when I lived in Mt. Washington.  The scene is pretty twisted.  You've got some local thugs that may be visiting from Allentown and you'll also have just  your regular types like me and other older locals. Sometimes you'll see a few folks in suits.   The bartenders are pretty good most of the time.  They used to have one guy named Dustin who had a pretty good record with beating the spread in football games.  The food is surprisingly good bar food.  I think their mozzarella sticks are the best i've had, and super healthy for you.  And, by healthy I mean not physically but mentally.  One last thing, it's neither a resort or a yacht club.
4	Awesome location, acceptable beer selection, very good pub food. Clean and spacious inside, patio heaters make the outside seating area really comfortable. And it's about a block from one of the greatest city views in America! I'll definitely be back.
3	Well for starters I want to say I have no idea why the title says Red Beards Mountain Resort and Yacht Club because really the place is just called Red Beards. However, the address is correct. So, I love the food at Red Beards. Its a good place to go and eat, listen to music, play darts with your friends, have a beer, and even make some new friends just as long as their not the thugs from the bad part of mount washington. I frequent this place occasionally and I have fun. I especially go there when I have the munchies haha. The service is usually good and prompt. I never leave disappointed.I was there last night with a friend. This time around I was disappointed. We sat at the bar and the lady approached us. It was immediately noticeable that she was not in a good mood. I am not a beer drinker I am a wine person. Well note to anyone who orders wine never get it at redbeards. The merlot which is my favorite tasted like shit or better yet I should say really cheap merlot. Whatever, I let that slide. I mean really what did I expect.Anywhom, we asked her several times for our menu and finally she brought them. I ordered buffalo tenders with blue cheese a side of fries with cheese dip. My girlfriend ordered grilled chicken with broccli and mashed potatoes with a side salad and blue cheese. Once we gave her our orders she asked us for a card. I said we are paying with cash. She sighed loudly as if she was annoyed. Walked away and we never saw her again. 15 minutes later another lady brought our food. My girlfriend got her salad with her food and my tenders came with no blue cheese. That was fine we just told her and she apologized. So then all was well. We enjoyed our food with our cheap ass wine and listened to some music off the jukebox. Finally we get our checks. I notice I am charged 50 cents for my blue cheese which should've came with my tenders. Whatever, no biggie just take off the 50 cent. The new server goes to tell the old server about it and she looks at me like im a bitch. Its not my fault you fucked up but w/e.The new server comes back with my check. She apologizes. I ask her how the tips work and she tells me it will be split between her and the other server. I explained to her what happened and she tells me that the old server is actually the manager. Thats when I inform her that her manager is a bitch. I give her $4 and the tell her to give the manager a dollar. Basically Redbeards is still good for a cheap eat, apparently cheap wine, and a nice cold yuengling. I still say go there and eat. You'll have a good time. I just didnt appreciate last night and the service, but no big deal. I'll be back.
4	I like Redbeards.  The patio is nice and provides a fun ambiance for Shiloh Street...Happy Hour specials are good.  I've had their mozzarella sticks which are massive but good.  I haven't gone here on a weekend night.  Bartenders are nice and so are the waitresses.Only downfall:  they need a website.
3	Cool little Pittsburgh spot at the top of Mt. Washington.  Park your car, walk along Grandview enjoying the view, and stop here for a cold one (alternately, to watch the game). Decent food, great service, and great prices. A friend who is a born and bred Yinzer (spelling?) says to me, "this is actually classy for Pittsburgh." I have nothing to compare it to -- but I had a great time and I think you will too.
4	Resort? Yacht Club? If this is what you are looking for you are definitely going to be disappointed (PS you are in Pittsburgh on a Mountain so I hope you aren't expecting this). I have never eaten here but the menu looks like typical bar food. I have drank her 4 times in 4 different parts of the restaurant (dining room, patio, bar and table in the bar). Service: Surprisingly service was good everywhere but the bar. We sat for 15 minutes before we got our drinks refilled at the bar. The male bartenders were the only ones to ask if we needed another drink.  When I sat at a table the service was always fast. Drinks: Average prices. Decent Selection but nothing to off the wall. Atmosphere: This place is loud but not too loud (still can have a convo).  Bright but not too bright.   Normally a decent crowd not too tool-y.  The patio has a fireplace with was clutch on chilly fall nights. I have always had fun here.  Most of that has to do with my company (dates and friends) but some was definitely due to the bar. Solid Causal Bar
3	Our party of 4 stopped here while in Mt. Washington area. Overall Summary:  Open late if you are in the mood for appetizers and drinks. Food / Drinks:  Classic fried food; a few vegan selections; grilled kabobs was interesting but nothing stellar.  Drinks were slamming; go for that.  Service:  Staff members are attentive.  A little slow during game time, but that is to be expected.
4	This is a really great neighborhood bar with above average bar food! They don't just have mozzarella sticks, but a mozzarella LOG! Their burgers are tasty, nacho platter is delish and the fry platter is to die for! Of course they have a full bar and a pretty good selection of beers, they even have Blue Moon on tap! The indoor area is pretty average with a dart board and jukebox but the outdoor area is really great! It's spacious and great for people watching in the summer and they cover it and put heat lamps out in the winter. There's also a big screen TV outdoors to watch the Stillers or Pens play.
4	Can I just point out that the ORIGINAL name is Redbeards Mountain Resort and Yacht club. As far as I saw there were no yachts to be found but I'd back up the resort part! Minus any palm trees but maybe a fruity drink or two! Love this place! I'm sure it's because this is my neighborhood watering/beering hole. Great bar food, especially the mozzarella log, I kid you not on the name!) and delicious wings (hmmmm honey bbq!) I can't even describe the way the loaded fries taste, especially after midnight....You know how bars surprise you and have some rando food item that's delish? They have awesome and I do mean AWESOME german potato salad that I have tried to replicate at home without ANY success! I also enjoy any bar that has Blue Moon on tap, because I feel like those can be few and far between. I can't say much for the inside but they have remodeled the outside area quite extensively. It's a great place to sit in the summer and in the winter they have a tent set up with heat lamps. AND, they just recently added a fake fireplace for true ambiance. It's right next to the huge flat screen TV. Romantic.... So maybe the waitresses are a little grumpy at times, I can deal for the food and beer. And let me tell you, places don't do well in Pittsburgh if you can't get a special on SOMETHING! They have a special every single night of the week, niiccce! I'm into that!
5	Great food, prices, and drinks. Always very clean and great service!!
3	solid food, good service.
5	Ah Redbeards.  I sorta kinda pretended like I lived on Mt. Wash when I was in college (pretty much spent the night at my friend's apt. there every night).  Redbeards was always a staple.  I can't remember if they're still on the menu, but the buffalo onion rings? PERFECTION.  I am an extreme lover of buffalo anything, and onion rings, so this was the best thing someone could put on a menu, for realz.You have to love a bar where you can get stuffed hot peppers as an appetizer.  So very Pittsburgh, so very awesome.  Great atmosphere for grabbing some old ones and watching the [insert awesome Pittsburgh sports team name here] game, too.  I can totally envision the high-fiving and chest bumping strangers-that-are-now-friends under the common banner of sports teams after we score a [touchdown, goal, homerun].So to all the current Mount Washingtonians I say this - if you haven't taken a stroll over to Redbeards yet, DO IT NOW.  You'll miss it if you're ever gone.*sheds a tear**searches online for a place to get Iron City beer in Charlotte, NC**googles a recipe for buffalo onion rings*
3	Another place that my friend Justin always takes me to. The food is pretty average, and the beer isn't cheap. It's a bar, and the staff is ok for what it is I guess. I just don't get it.
3	FRIED PICKLES FRIED PICKLES FRIED PICKLES...get it?! Love their fried pickles. Its truly about the only reason I ever go, is when I can't fight the urge of holding back from those fried pickles. All the other food is nothing but better than the average bar food. Good beer, average service, terrible fried mozzarella logs..yuck! But its the place to go on the mountain for those damn pickles.
4	Great bar food and atmosphere. I usually get the grilled buffalo chicken wrap. They have good beer specials and a unique crowd. Only problem I have is with the salad options.
4	Redbeards is the best bar in Mount Washington. It is modern, clean, and has fantastic food specials each day of the week.They have a good selection of beers and reasonable well drinks.Their interior is relatively spacious and they have a nice patio allowing customers to wine and dine outside.
4	I disagree with Darren a little. The shrimp jammers were very good and I liked my Pulled Pork sammich. The service wasn't that great, though, but that would be my only complaint.
4	Anyone who has ever been to Redbeard's knows that it will never be a five star gourmet eatery. Nor does it pretend to be. Instead, Redbeard's seems to bridge a weird divide of modern style and the unrepentant proletariat with something bordering on the urbane. It's barely perceptible, but it's there.And it seems to work.The menu here seems to be a compendium of all the items from every other bar you've ever entered, all congealed into one convenient list of options. Standard bar fare, true, but there's such a variety available it seems to somehow enhance the perception of its quality. And for a busy place, the service is commendable.So, come here for a late night jaunt, a kickass burger or maybe just because your cardiologist hasn't seen you in awhile. But whatever you do, give this place a go.
4	Great Food and all you can eat crab legs on Mondays..... should be every day!
4	After riding up the incline and taking some pictures of the beautiful Pittsburgh skyline, I walked over to Redbeard's to grab some grub. I wasn't overly hungry, but when I noticed the deep-fried dill pickles on the menu, I knew I had to try them. I've eaten various appetizers like this before, but they were always sliced pickles. Not here. You're getting the whole spear, which I thought was much better. Add a couple of pints of Dogfish 60 min IPA, the NL beating up on the AL in the All-Star game and baseball debate with gentlemen at the bar and I had myself a very enjoyable evening.
3	Excellent food, expensive beer... $6 for a southern tier dipa
2	Went from never having a meal there that wasn't excellent to wanting my money back. New menu, and perhaps new cook?? Sorry to see it tank.
1	Redbeard's made my bad night even worse.I know when I sit down at a bar  I don't scream dollar signs but yet and still I expect to be treated with some kind of decadency since I am a paying customer.  This was a truly crummy experience. Going to the bar alone is risky case in point with this review, I am use to being over looked but not treated rudely. I ordered a Carona and when I asked for a lime the bartender let out an audible sigh and then shoved a lime wedge at me on a napkin.  I know my way around a bottle of beer and Carona's are served with a lime wedge stuffed into the bottle...but for whatever reason it was too much of a hassle. Also on my visit the bartender introduced himself and asked the names of the ladies who sat down next to me, even though they came in a full 20 minutes after I already been sitting there. He never once gave me his name or asked for mine that hurt my feelings.I want to add that I ordered 3 tacos and all of my taco shells were burned and the tacos had no salsa or sauce of any kind.  I have burned many a taco shell and I know it would have only taken the cook a measly 30 seconds to reheat more shells but they served them to me in burned shells anyway.  I have plenty of disposable income and I don't mind sharing it, but tonight I had to tip my bartender 2 centers and trust me it hurt me more than it hurt him.
4	We stopped in for an appetizer and some beer on a stupid hot and humid day.    We were doing some sightseeing in Pixburgh and, of course, had to hit the incline.     Staff was friendly - they have $2.50 Blue Moon on tap on Saturdays!  YAY!   We split the 3 dip app and it was really really good!
4	Excellent service and very attentive. Had the loaded fries and grilled chicken sandwich, which were both good. Solid bar food.
4	If this place could manage to NOT overcook shrimp, it's an easy 5 star. We go for the crablegs and you totally should too. They are cooked PERFECTLY EVERY TIME and piping hot. They don't slouch either, they keep 'em coming. We went for the all you can eat shrimp once, and every single piece was overcooked and chewy. Bummer. But hey, we ate them anyway; we were drunk, and hungry. We've gone back for other food many times and ordered the shrimp appetizer twice now, and it's always overcooked too. Whatever. Now I know what not to order. That's the only bad thing I can say about this place.The staff is friendly, the crablegs are awesome, the crablegs are good, and did I mention the crablegs? Would I come here just to drink...no. Too pricey just to sit and get bombed, but I will order a drink or two with dinner. They make a mean bloody mary and a damn good white russian. The appetizers are delicious (not the shrimp) and the desserts are pretty bangin' too. You can't go wrong with AYCE crablegs, and they never seem to be too busy on those days...I don't know why, but hey, more for me!
4	I was hesitant to go back to this place as I had been years ago and it was your typical dive bar. Well I was pleasantly surprised as Redbeards has def. been upgraded. The dining area was really nice and we were seated in an outside tent that was heated in fact our table was right next to the fireplace.  The had a great variety of draft and bottled beers. I went with the Wild Blue (blueberry ale) and  Sunset Wheat.  The menu had a nice variety from burgers to wraps and flatbreads. My date ordered a burger which was huge and looked tasty. I went with the buffalo chicken wrap and it was one of the best I have had. We both had the homemade chips as our side but the fries looked good. The service was quick too. Great place to go to watch a game.
5	There are a few bars to choose from in Mt. Washington, I work up here so I go have a beer or two with lunch every day.  I go to Redbeard's because the staff is friendly (Bridget and Pat. the bartenders during lunch time, are the best.), the food isn't expensive and it's really good!  I leave there full and satisfied every time.  I recommend the burgers, if you want a good burger in Mt. Washington don't go to Packs & Dogs.  Redbeard's will give you a real burger not a little girl burger lol.  Good selection of beer too!
2	Why do I hate Redbear's? Let me count the ways. If you aren't a pretty lady, the bartenders aren't interested. Not for small talk, a menu  not for info on the food, not for info on a drink or beer, or for that matter, I couldn't even get the bartender's attention to pay my bill. But you can bet I had his attention when I left him 17 cents for a tip. My bar bill was $9.83 and I gave him a two fives, and I looked at him and said keep the change. If looks could kill I'd be down the street at Slater's Funeral Home. The food? Meh, I've had better, why this place does such a rockin business I'll never know. Stay out after say dinner service is finished as the clientele becomes, shall I just say....shady. There are much better places to spend your hard earned money.
4	First time here, and the food is excellent. Our bartender, albeit sweet and very friendly, seemed rushed and took a long time to get to us even though she only had about 8 guests. Plus, we waited almost half an hour for a salad. Will try again.
2	All the food that my group had at Redbeard's was sub-par. It wasn't downright gross, but it was just your typical greasy bar fare. No one finished their meal. The service was good enough, but they give you a hard time about substitutions. For example, I wanted sweet potato fries as a side and was fine paying an upcharge for them, but they told me I had to order the entire appetizer and they wouldn't do a side, even for an extra fee. They offer outdoor seating, which is a plus.
4	Beautiful evening on the redbeard's patio. Great Dan Marinoita (with yummy pineapple) and major kudos to the chef on tonight's veggie: the roasted asparagus was to die for. Keep it up,  Redbeard's! !
4	I used to come here all the time when I lived in Mt Washington and almost everything I've had was great--this was also a few years ago. I hadn't been there in about two years but my boyfriend and I stopped in last Tuesday for dinner and a beer. We sat outside, they recently redid their patio and it's great. They now have a bar outside and almost every table is shaded by an umbrella which is great. I got a para dish called something along the lines of bruschetta chicken pasta, it was amazing. And the portion was huge. I had plenty of leftovers for the next day. The boyfriend had his usual cheeseburger, with onion straws on it and some type of wing sauce and he said it was awesome too. The service was great as well and our food came out quickly. I had a pumpkin beer complete with the cinnamon sugar rim and Drew had a dog fish head 60 minute. They also have a decent list of mixed drinks that sounded pretty tempting as well. Go here!
3	The fish is pretty good not the best in the area. Hit Piper's Pub for that. My boyfriend does not recommend the rest of the food, it's mediocre. The service is odd. We wanted a booth in back and they said they couldn't sit us there because it was a five top so we had to sit at a table in the middle of the room. Been there many times, now that we live in beechview and not mt washington we won't be going back
5	Redbeard's is a solid bar/restaurant on Mt. Washington. It offers up consistently good American bar food and is usually packed for any Pittsburgh sports game. They have unbeatable weeknight specials on drinks and food and the atmosphere is friendly and fun. The outdoor seating is wonderful for the summer, so if you want a laid back atmosphere, make sure you check it out.
5	Great food and Service.  Ride up to the restaurant was incredible. Must go!! The all you can eat wings were great! The wait staff was very helpful in selecting great sauces.
