5	Arizona Falls is a not-very-well known attraction on the Arizona Canal at 58th Street. It is one of my favorite places in Phoenix to go and to take out of towners to. It once was a watering hole for people and was a hydroelectric dam. In 2003 it was rebuilt very well and had gorgeous waterfalls put in overhead that you can walk under. It is open 24/7 and is free to visit. It's hard to explain how amazing this venue is so you'll just have to go visit for yourself.
5	Dude, this thing is so cool. I found it while riding my bike along the canal, and I was like woaaaaah! The canal is funneled through a maze of waterways and aqueducts and then plunged ~10 feet below. It's a public park and you can basically walk right under it, you're so close you can touch it, but ew don't if you'd like to avoid Salmonella. It's serene and relaxing. If you live in Arcadia then you're lucky you have such a sweet little park in your backyard. Like Fred said, it has an interesting history and is free. I'd like to check it out at night, since I saw lights under the falls which would probably make it look pretty sick in the dark. I'd recommend it for anyone with 15 minutes on their hands!
4	This is a good place to relax (the sound of falling water is always relaxing) while taking in some tidbits of history of the area and increasing your awareness of green energy. The Arizona Canal drops 20 feet at this point and this was a favorite picnic area for Phoenicians in the late 1800s. Since the early 1900s, the falls were used to generate hydroelectric power and has since been redesigned to be an park where art, history, and technology are combined for the enjoyment of the public. Enter through the G.R. Herberger Park on Indian School Rd. near the Scottsdale border. In the parking lot you'll see the beginning of the walkway to the falls.
4	I've lived here all of my life and had never heard of this place until Mike took me here one day a couple of years ago. What a well kept secret! Cool place to sit and relax and just listen to the falls. I've come here during the day and night and felt pretty safe.  Parking is just a short walk from the falls and it is free to visit!
4	I live literally around the corner from this place, and only found out about it because of yelp. It is awesome, a little stinky, but awesome! We packed a lunch and headed over there a while back. We were the only ones there and we had a great time. Taking pictures, looking at everything and relaxing to the sound of the falls. Great day!
4	Beautiful waterfall. It's free. Go.
4	It's a nice oasis in the desert for those of us raised by water.  It's 24 hrs too, which is great for us night owls.
4	Wow! This is a hidden gem! I found this place while cycling along the canal early one morning. It is very peaceful and serene. One can take a load off and get lost in the waterfall for hours. I would love to see the waterfall in the evening or at night!
5	This place is awesome!  How did I not know it existed?  No one I have told about it has ever heard of it either.Sit between the waterfalls and listen to the beautiful sound.  Fun to take pictures and feels so much cooler surrounded by all the water even in the middle of summer.  Had fun watching all the huge catfish.  Looking at the bizillions of shells in the dirt around the canal.Kids got to learn about hydroelectricity.  A great adventure!
