5	This cute and friendly little Irish store sells many fine Irish gifts, clothes, jewelry (wedding rings included), and many other good finds.
5	In a world full of franchise stores, it's great to find a shop where the owner gives personal attention to the products he carries.  He has sought out really high quality items from Ireland -- clothing (especially woolens) for men, women, and children, pottery, glassware, jewelry.  The Nicholas Mosse pottery is my favorite.  For the level of quality, the prices are very reasonable.
3	Today I nipped in to this shop that is local to my office, after having been curious about their wares for years, literally. With the holidays beckoning and my gift ideas blooming, I thought today was a perfect day to peruse during my lunch break. I was really impressed with the atmosphere of the store. The shop is laid out in smaller rooms, each beautifully organized with each nook attentively displayed. There is an impressive variety of clothing, jewelry, dinnerware, paintings, books, music, maps, picture frames, ornaments, children's clothing, hats, scarves, throw blankets, glass sculptures, accessories, etc. for every Irish man or woman. The products were all of high quality, but the price was also. I found few things that I thought were a good price and by no means would I categorize anything there as a deal. My curiosity piqued and knowing my duty to my fellow Yelpers, I asked the shop girl if they ever run sales and she said that they do not. I added less than a handful of items to my mental list of possible Christmas gifts for my super-Irish Da and decided to table the issue until I do more footwork at other local shops. If you are at all interested in these sorts of items, I highly encourage you to visit the Irish Design Center. With the many artisanal and handmade pieces that they carry along with all of the other imported items, it can be quite a feast for the eyes! You'll find friendly and helpful staff to assist you in your endeavors.
