2	So this is what fatherhood has come to.  I haven't been out to eat since my son was born.  Craving an opportunity to write another review on Yelp, I'm stuck reviewing my last oil change.I went in, the place was dead.  The guy told me there was a 90 minute wait (not to mention it's a first come first serve establishment)  He said it would be best if I come back.Go back 90 minutes.  No one around.  The guy says it's going to be a 30 minute wait till they can look at my car.  I say I'll wait.  40 minutes later and my car is still sitting where I parked it.  I get frustrated and leave.  Two days later, I arrive right when they open.  This time NO people and NO cars.  It still takes them 45 minutes to do a basic oil change.  I may be Jewish and the phrase "get the car serviced" is a childhood slogan in my family, but even I can change the oil quicker with no tools than these putz's!  Even though I had a $10 off coupon the hours I spent waiting for them to do the job is not worth it.Don't bother.
5	these guys normally close at 4pm on saturday, but my brakes wuza squeeling and making this awful grinding noise. i dropped my car around 3pm on friday and said i would pick it up saturday. time goes and goes and goes and it's getting close to 4pm when one of the service guys, khaled, calls and says "almost done, we'll have it finished for you today.anything related to cars these days gets a bad rap. sure, there's some shady shenanigans going on, but today, not for me. he calls again at 4:30 (when they're supposed to be closed) and says my truck is ready!thanks khaled for not making me ride my bike 20 miles to work on monday...in the rain!
4	I went into this shop about a year ago after getting my brakes fixed at Midas about three months earlier. Franchises like this frightens the living daylights out of me; however, this time and at this location things worked out perfectly. Kelly, the owner, met me, listened to my concerns and came up with a very agreeable price to repair my vehicle.After the work was completed "on time" Kelly personally guaranteed that if I had a problem to please come back and he would make it right. Needless to say, in the future whether I move to another part of the valley or not, this shop will solely garner my business for all repairs on my car.Honesty is so hard to come by these days but Kelly did me an honest deal.
5	I have been on Yelp for awhile, but have yet to write a review. Thank you to those who do though. I decided after my visit to Brake Masters today that I would finally start writing reviews. I have had all of my vehicles (business and personal) serviced at this location for at least a dozen years - and that includes the last year and a half since I moved to California. Every time I come back to AZ to visit, I bring the car to the shop at least for an oil change and a check up. The shop has had a couple of ownership changes over the years, but the main constant has been Paul, the Service Manager. Paul is great, and takes the time to explain the repairs or maintenance he recommends when I bring my vehicles in for service. When I was in California, and one of my vehicles needed service, I called Paul to ask him about what the local shop in CA was suggesting, and the cost involved. On that occasion, consulting with Paul saved me several hundred dollars on repairs done in CA - Paul even talked to the shop manager in CA to discuss the service to be done on my car.Needless to say, unless it is absolutely necessary, no car I own will be serviced anywhere other than here.
5	My sister suggested I try this place as I had a headlight out.  The owner, Khaled, stopped what he was doing, checked out my headlight, put in a new one and didn't even charge me!!!!  I also ordered a new glove box and will be back to have that put in.  I only experienced, timely and professional service and for them not to charge for the light change was over the top.  This is my new place for car service.
5	This is a well established business that I have had all positive experiences for 10-20 years. The service is excellent and reasonable. I have observed how other customers are treated as I usually wait while car is serviced. It is not just one or two people but all people working there. Everyone does automotive repair allowing for current hands on experience. They repair my 230,000 beast as well as new high end vehicles. They save me money and time by doing a repair once. Their many years experience allows them to know exactly what should be repaired, what is unneeded, and where to get the best parts. I needed specific parts and they did not want to put on an aftermarket part due to quality. This will save you money. Aftermarket when in my best interest and OEM when in my best interest. In most business your name is never remembered. After 35 years in AZ I can count the number of businesses on two hands that know me. This location sees, me.I am treated as well as family but that just shows they are highly practical, sincere as well as honest.
5	Been coming here for years. Best service and quality work. I've been treated like family. From a basic oil change to engine rebuild. Always satisfied and reasonable prices. I will keep going back with every car I own.
4	bigger truck, bigger problems...more expensive repairs. the grinding of my rotors kept me in town this weekend. dropped the truck off at brake masters for some newbies. yes, it was expensive but i was expecting that. going from a Ranger to a full size and everything gets more expensive. but Khaled explained how he could save me a few bucks for future brake repairs. and even when i paid, he showed me on his invoice how much the kit cost him and what i paid....a very teeny, tiny profit margin. it's 4 stars, but it should be 4.5. they called to tell me repairs would be done "after lunch" so i called around 3:30 pm and was told "yes, truck has been ready". wish they would've called me to let me know!
5	I've been taking my car to Break Masters for years and for one specific reason, Paul.  Paul is the most honest guy I've ever met and although I don't know him outside of his work, feels like a friend.  I trust him with my car and with my money, I know he'll get whatever needs fixed quick and for a good price.  Thanks Paul for years of honest, great service!
5	I came here bc of the excellent reviews and I'm extremely pleased with my experience. I had to get my brakes replaced and they only charged $582 and the other places that quoted me were $700-$900. They were professional and easy to deal with. I'll definitely come back here in the future.
5	My first review from my phone didn't post...hmmm....thanks Yelp for that.I bought drums online because they were upgrades and OEMs so I replaced my rear drums by myself.  All went well except the peddle vibration and some poor braking.  Something was wrong here so I decided to take my truck in here after reading so many positive reviews.  The reviews were spot on!The drums I received were warped and Paul knew right away they needed to be recut.  I dropped my truck off in the morning anf had it back in perfect working condition before lunch.  Oh yeah....the price.....BETTER than any quote I got in the area by a long shot!  Excellent service, excellent pricing, treated with complete and total respect....I've already been back to have my front end replaced and sent more business their way.  This is what customer service and value is all about.  I'm struggling like the rest of you reading this, financially, and Khaled and Paul are extremely fair and just businessman.I will be back and I will send as much business as I can their way.
5	BRAKE MASTERS IS AWESOMEnot only do they work out of a cool vintage gasoline shop on scottsdale road but they have excellent customer service. They give you a ride home and back to the shop, they have a nice area to sit and wait, they're all positive and won't overcharge you. fixed a dozen other little things on my car today without charging labor bc they said they were minor and they didn't want to charge me 350 for a new valve cover that was cracked so they're gonna find one for me on monday for 40 dollars bc mine had cracked and was leaking everywhere. Thats a good shop in my book. They rock and like everyone here says Paul is awesome and everyone there!
