4	My boyfriend and I booked this last minute. Doing it over the phone, we really weren't expecting much. When we pulled up, we saw that it was in a great location. The guy greeted my boyfriend by his first name (remembering from the phone call a few hours earlier), checked us in, showed us around, and made sure we were good. The room was surprisingly nice, with windows looking out front. It was just under $80 for the two of us to have a private room. Given that this was my first hostel experience, I was quite pleased and made me think again about my thoughts on hostels.The only somewhat negative thing I have to say is that because it's an old building, the windows aren't insulated and you can hear everything going on outside on the street, and also it gets a little chilly in the room. And the walls are thin and you can also hear everyone else in their rooms/common area, so if you're a light sleeper, bring ear plugs. But, quiet time is after 11 and everyone seemed to abide by that.
4	La Maison Du Patriote is your home away from home, with one exception: it's a crazy party home over the weekends (the home every teenager dreams of). The first thing you notice as you walk up the stairs to the hostel is the homey atmosphere of the place. It actually feels like a home - the tiny kitchen with the wooden cupboards and drawers, the "chill room" with the musical instruments, and curtains just hanging in the 22 bed dorm. The place is kept very clean and tidy. The crowd of people who stay there were also pretty awesome. Some people were playing the instruments, others were playing card games, while others were cooking up delicious meals. It's a great place to meet some people to chill out and/or to explore the city together. The staff were also very friendly and approachable. They don't actually have 24hr reception there though, but they leave instructions in front of the door so you can get in the house any time of the day.  The hostel was located right in the heart of the Old Port of Montreal, where most of the tourist attractions there. The Old Port is a gorgeous place to wander about at night. One bad thing is that the Internet was extremely slow when I was there (and it didn't work half the time), but this is something they may have fixed since then. There is also a pretty decent coffee shop down the road with Internet, so it's really not a big deal.
4	Good place, good location, nice an spacious rooms, reasonably priced. Nothing really to complain about, still not overwhelming though.
