3	Not my favorite location in town (I LOVE the Rainbow location), but it's the closest to my house.  All the same, it's very reasonably priced, the staff is friendly, the beds are clean and well kept, and I have yet to wait for a bed.  The downfall is they only have one 12-minute level 2 bed, and I don't care much for the 15 minute ones.  I'm just really, extremely biased toward the Rainbow location.  Regardless, WAY better than the one on Trop in Summerlin - that one SUCKS!
4	I really love this location mainly because the staff, especially Samantha, are super friendly. They're also super accommodating and handle problems professionally and efficiently. I expect great tanning, but sometimes it's hit or miss on staff - not here!I've only had to wait maybe one time for a bed I wanted and the place is kept spotless. The beds are all in perfect working order and the bulbs appear to be changed regularly. The only negative is when the Mystic Tan is out, which is was for a week or so. That was a pain, but they do have another location down the street so it wasn't that bad.All in all, I love this place, it's one of the best places I've found in Vegas to tan. I highly recommend it!
5	Right next to my gym, clean and reasonable pricing. Spray tan can be great when done well and a nightmare if done wrong. I always get an even dark tan here. I never turn orange. The tanning solutions don't feel all sticky or smell nasty. I get a perfect tan here always.
1	I hate giving bad reviews and I only got ripped off $22 so it isn't a huge deal but rather  just a bad business practice the way it went down. I showed up like 2 wks ago and just wanted to try the place out. I was told if i bought a $22 bottle of lotion I get 4 free tans. I told them I am only over this way 1-2x a week and asked if i could use them whenever? The girl told me I could. Another family member has a membership at Body Heat that will soon be expiring so we were looking at options with no contracts. Well I went 2x the first week and the 2nd week when i went in to use my last 2 sessions I was told my sessions expired and if i wanted to tan today I could pay $10.  I stated that I was never about an expiration. They just said sorry and i could buy a membership now, etc. Why would I buy a membership after i was basically swindled out of $22? I just wanted them to live up to what i was told.  Why would I and another family member now sign up at a place that did that? Sounds like the start of worse things to come. Was not giving me my 2 free sessions that I already paid for and are only 10 minutes each worth losing 2 potential new customers?  I guess it was.  Follow me on twitter & instagram @MikeCies
5	I usually tan with Body Heat but became unhappy with the general level of nickle and diming they do, as well as the shoddiness of the facility. Needless to say I decided that I would try someplace else and headed over to Palm Beach. Boy am I glad I did, because I am NEVER going anyplace else again.Immediately upon entering both my sister and I were impressed by how clean and well maintained the facility was. The amenities are amazing, they give you goggles to use, the towels are fresh (not like the ratty holey towels at  Body Heat), the spray tan booths have all of the necessary bells and whistles - the lotion is always full, the little booties and hair covers are always stocked. I'd gotten so used to how shoddy things were at Body Heat. Even more important, the associate, Nicole, was amazing, She remembered me from a previous visit, at a previous salon, YEARS ago! She went out of her way to help explain all the beds and all of the possible plans. More importantly, not only was she nice to me, her bedside manner with the other customers was amazing. She was the only one there but she never failed to clean the beds, and every time she came up and saw someone waiting she apologized and went out of her way to make them feel comfortable and important. All I can say is that any salon would be lucky to have her and it shows the quality of Palm Beach management that the recognize and hire such phenomenal talent. Finally, you would think that with all of these upgrades it would be more expensive than Body Heat but, no, it's actually quite a bit cheaper! They had a $20.00 off coupon so it was only $89.00 a month to use ANY bed (I was paying $119.00 at BH) with, get this, NO CONTRACT. I can cancel anytime before the 25th of the month (I had to give thirty days notice at BH) and they didn't charge me for medium spray or other cool extras. They even have Q-tips and baby wipes and hair accessories in the back for cleaning yourself up after you tan. All things considered I give Palm Beach tanning five very well maintained and bronzed stars.
1	I've been so frustrated with this place. I signed up last year and this is my second year. The service here is good. My issue is that I pay a decent amount of money to include the Mystic tan into my package, and it is broke all the time when I go. If it's not broke then they are out of the spray?!? They always offer the Versa tan, but I really don't like the Versa. My advise to you if you are planning on going here, skip it if you are going for Mystic only.
1	I walked into this location because it is right next to my gym and I live around the corner. I thought they closed at 9, however, it's Sunday and they close at 8. No biggie. I walked in at 10 til 8.  I realize this sucks when you're so close to closing for the day, (I managed a salon for several years). However, this was the first chance I've had to come sign myself and my girlfriend up for a membership. I walked in and told the young lady at the counter I am a new member and would like to sign up for a membership. She told me, "we actually close in 10 minutes... There is another location you can go to."I stood there completely stunned... Awkwardly said "uh.. ok,thanks," and walked out..I am really disappointed in the staff and the lack of professionalism and quite frankly shocked she didn't want to take my money. I was really excited to sign myself and my girlfriend up for a membership and buy us each a lotion. Because I didn't come in at the right time?I will drive a few miles extra and sign up somewhere that values me as a customer, no matter what time I come in.
1	I would not recommend this place for the customer service, the manager Alica was rude to me the minute I walked in.. I was given a gift card for Christmas and one of the employees had put the amount that I needed on the card for a one month of tanning long story short they didn't include tax on the card so I ended up having to do the monthly membership witch I didn't want to do yet wanted to try out the service first. She was incredibly rude to me finally I just went to tan and she tells me I can only tan for 6 minutes... I tell her I don't burn and I usually tan for 10 she tells me it's there rules I can only tan for the 6 minutes.. whatever I tan.. my friend tells me she just tanned there and they let her do 10 for her first time. So ovisiously she doesn't like me whatever I come in the next day and she tells me I can't tan till 24 hours later and she said that I easy informed that and I signed a paper saying that witch I never did or else why would I come when I couldn't tan.. my husband ends up coming in and talking to her about this hole experience and she argues with us and gets in my face. Tells me I can't get a refund blah blah the hole experience was horrible and she lied to me more then once. I will not be going back to that salon.. very in happy
