4	Located on Pittsburgh's South Side, The Hot Metal Street Bridge was originally a dual railroad bridge owned by the Monongahela Connecting Railroad (The MonConn).  The MonConn used it to connect steel mills on both the north and south banks of the Monongahela River.  The upstream span carried regular freight trains.  The downstream span carried train cars of  molten iron across from J&L's Eliza Furnaces to the Bessemer converters, furnaces and rolling mills at J&L's South Side Works. When the J&L South Side Works closed, the bridge no longer had a use.  With new development on the South Side, one span was redeveloped for auto use and it now connects Hot Metal Street on the South Side with 2nd Avenue in Oakland.  A few years ago the other span was redone and is now used for bicyclists and pedestrians.  It's a part of the Three Rivers Trail System.I've never driven across it, but I've used the bike span on numerous occasions.  It's a great way to get from the South Side to Oakland or to connect between the Three Rivers Trail and the Eliza Furnace Trail.  Those trails along with the bridge are a fun way to explore Pittsburgh's industrial past.
5	A major part of Pittsburgh's past, the former J & L Hot Metal Bridge is now a beautiful and useful bridge linking Pittsburgh's past to it's bright future. Once used to transport molten steel across the river, today this bridge has lanes for cars as well as a separate lane for bikes and walkers. The bridge spans the Monongahela river and connects uptown with the South Side Works.
4	Pittsburgh should have the nickname 'Reusable City.'  Honestly, Pittsburgh doesn't leave anything to waste.  I mean, take this set of two bridges.  They could have just tore them down and left it at that.But no, they decided that they would reuse these bridges and help alleviate the flow of traffic, both by car and by foot/bike, into and out of the city.  Granted, it's not the best bridge to cross if you are attempting to get somewhere quickly, but like all its other counterparts in the city, it's unique.  Travelling across this bridge at the wrong time of day could cause you to wait for an extended amount of time, with that, I would suggest take the non-scenic route.These two bridges help many people cross the Mon.  One for vehicular traffic and one for pedestrian/bicycle traffic.  The vehicular one open many months before the pedestrian bridge.  I remember the ado there was when the pedestrian bridge was under construction and how excited people were knowing that they would soon be able to get downtown via the trails.When the neon like lights are lit on the bridge at night, it gives it a little more character.  If not for congestion, this would be an ideal crossing.
