5	David Otto of Hands in Motion is a master massage therapist.  Not only is he well-trained in the science and art of massage techniques, he is also the organizer of the Las Vegas Massage Therapy meetup group -- dedicated to elevating the profession of massage therapy in Las Vegas.David's trigger point therapy worked immediately on disappearing trigger points that had been causing me pain for years....triggers that other massage therapists had worked on and which kept returning.  I am forever grateful.
5	David completed two great massages for myself and my wife on Feb 3rd, 2011.  This is actually the 2nd time we have personally be attended to by David, and the 4th time we have used David to find other great persons (David was not available two times) to fit our needs.  David asks the appropriate questions up front to work on areas of special needs, and gets after them during the session.  His combination of a number of different styles makes for a unique experience.  His ability to come to our hotel or condo room while in Las Vegas is an added bonus, and actually a better value than going to the overblown hotel spas.  We will continue to have David work on us in the future when in Las Vegas.  Another plus is the ease of scheduling via tungle scheduler, you know immediately if David is available and if not, he has others who can assist!  Great work!  Glen
5	David has a true gift.  His ability to find the problem areas was amazing and far better than any massage therapist I've seen.  I usually have soreness at trigger points after a massage but not with David.  His massage wiped away days of standing at a trade show and I still feel great after a 5 hour plane ride home.  David, please move to Boston!
5	David has been massaging me for several years now, and is the only one I call for massage. Great work ethic, always on time, and very knowledgeable about massage techniques. I recommend him to all my friends, and as a massage therapist myself, he is my first call when I need to refer anyone. Top of the list!
5	David is the best massage therapist Kathy and I have ever had.  Very skilled and professional at what he does.
5	David was fucking fantastic.Exactly what I needed after a late night of dancing on the strip. The perfect balance between relaxation and working out my tired muscles.He came to our rental house. Was a wonderful addition to our trip.
5	Three years later and we are still using David, the owner of Hands in Motion http://handsinmotion.info/, at least twice a month.  Incredibly professional and great at working out the kinks in your body that happen during your hard work week.
