4	Big wheel, ice rink, plethora of stalls selling all things Christmas & liquid Christmas cheer. What's not to love about the Winter Wonderland. Yes, it's mobbed but surely that's the point. There is a fair bit of repetition amongst the stalls but it's laid out better this year compared to last. I like the fact that the ice-rink is st the top & I much prefer the new style big wheel (pods to shelter in rather than being open to the elements). A great way to while away a few hours with friends on a wintry afternoon.
4	Despite the chilly weather the warm atmosphere at Winter Wonderland really eased the chill. Starting off at Prince Street gardens theres plenty to see from the giant ferris wheel, to the scary biscuits high flyer to the ice rink; not to mention the food and craft stalls and market. For kids (or indeed big kids), theres Santa's land with rides and a Christmas tree maze.The market is packed full of all the continental delights you can imagine. Wooden ornaments and lights, candles, coffee beans, waffles, crepes, chocolate fountains, mulled wine and hot chocolate... the smell is amazing. Yes, admittedly the place is mobbed and some of the goods are quite expensive, but hey its Christmas and we're in Edinburgh. In St Andrews Square the new for 2015 circular ice rink was fun to watch and there's some quality Scottish market stalls which I think is important at a Christmas market. A crunchie hot chocolate from Mimis Bakehouse with some shortbread was tasty and suitably Christmassy whilst we soaked up the atmosphere. By far the best Christmas markets in Scotland, with wares which could rival many a European city, and somewhere I'll continue to visit each year.
4	HIGHLIGHTS:- 20% off for EH postcode locals.- 'The Wallace' burger from the Bavarian stand facing onto Princes Street. Gorgeous piece of meat.- Scotch & Soda circus show; not as accomplished as NoFit State but highly entertaining all the same.- Ice skating for the first time in about 6 years!- The Big Wheel.LOWLIGHTS:- That slight niggly feeling that the prices went up a bit this year, taking the edge off the EH postcode dicsount.- Sky flyer is now on Princes Street, meaning the view of Fife is somewhat diminished this year.- The sign inside the Big Wheel cabin that read: 'Smile, your on camera', which really made me question the state the world is in right now!First time I've really got involved in the Christmas Festivities this year but overall it's been wonderful and put me right in the mood for Santa!
