4	What a great experience!  This was my first time being in a Michaels since high school, I think.  My sister sent me in to get an item for an arts and crafts project I decided to take on for myself.  I went in there the typical guy -- completely clueless as to what I need, wandering the store with a piece of paper with the product my sister told me about written on it.  It wasn't easy finding an employee that could help me out, but once I did, the guy had a 10 minute conversation about my project and showed me all of my options.  Whereas I had trouble getting across my vision at one of Michaels competitors, this guy totally understood my goal and steered me in the right direction.  Thanks!
5	This store is pure evil. I feel like Dorothy when she lands in Oz whenever I walk into this store. Bright colors, fake flowers, materials of every kind, rows, and isles of pure bliss, strange people, it's amazing! As an artist this store caters to my every creative idea and inspires new ideas with every visit. If you are searching for buttons, candles, stickers, albums, frames, photos, wood work, special adhesive, colored duck tape, glitter, wire, canvas...whew..and anything you can pretty much imagine, stop at Michaels! Be sure to sign up for their on-line coupons though because without the additional discount, your shopping could potentially break your bank if you have compulsive habits to splurge just as I do. My best suggestion is (aside from the coupons), enter the store with a list, an ultimate goal, map the items out in the store (if you're familiar with the layout) and be sure to bring in only the cash you wish to spend ;) Thanks Michaels for encouraging creativity and originality!
5	My daughter and I love this place. Let me say that again: we LOVE this place.  It is the coolest thing since frozen yogurt.  I just found out there are different classes, and the latest one is cake decorating.  Never in my mind did I see myself use fondant...but here I am now.  I've make flowers, animals, and figurines.  And it's not just a one day course.  It's once a week for several weeks.  They start you out on basics and each week the techniques get more difficult.  The fondant days are the last days.  I can't wait until my next class!
4	I am not really an arts and crafts kind of guy, but I have on occasions needed to look for things to buy at Michael's for class projects or equipments for baking/pastry classes.  Plus it is neat to just walk around and see what stuff they carry.Anyway, the best part about shopping at Michael's is their 40-50% off coupons that is delivered in the mail.  With that in hand I actually received several really good deals on separate shopping trips.  The large offset spatula usually runs in the $10-18 range, depending on where you go, and with the discount is the cheapest you can get (even compared to Walmart, which carries the same brand).  The exacto knife set I bought was also a good purchase, and the only cheaper source is Amazon (which at the time I didn't have time to wait for).With Halloween coming up, it is a great place to shop for Halloween decorations. And that goes for the other holidays too.The staff was friendly when I was in this store, which for most occasions have always been pretty empty. This location is pretty easy to get to from the 95.  And parking is rarely a problem, compared to the one on Westland Fair.
4	i absolutely love michael's! i used to scrapbook a bunch and although i don't anymore, i still could get lost in this store for hours. i find myself visiting once every two months, if not more for random art supplies. for anything creative, michael's is my first choice. supplies are affordable, they have goodies i would have never thought of using, and the staff of aunties is always delightful. thank you michael's!
4	The fact that I can generally get whatever I want on a 50% sale or a 40% off an item coupon is enough for me to come on in repeatedly to a store generally abhorred by my gender!  I can see how perhaps the giant silk flowers display or the creepy Halloween-in-June aisles might throw some people into terror. However, they have a giant selection of hobby paints, top-quality brushes, and even excellently discounted frames for manly man posters of cars or bikini models or cars in bikinis.  So don't think it's all cake toppers and baby photo albums!  It's just... mostly.
4	I've been frequenting Michaels lately because I thought I would get crafty for Christmas and make most of my gifts! I started making jewelery for friends and family . They have a big selection of beads here. There is usually a mailer that gives me additional discounts on regularly priced items but it's hard to find something regular price. Every time I come in everything is on sale! I'm not complaining though. The staff is also very helpful. The last time I cam here I had two people helping me until I  found what I needed. They also gave me helpful tips on how to secure crimping beads better. I love the fact that when you ask them for help they go the extra mile to make your project a success!
4	Always my go to place for the many supplies I always need... I do several crafty things: acrylic paints on canvas, watercolors, drawings, woodworking, sewing, food crafting, making wreaths/holiday decor, jewelry, its endless.I just wish I would get coupons like "20% off your entire purchase" instead of "40% off one item." I never buy any one thing over $10, and you can't use it on things already on sale. Whatever, I can't stop shopping there;there are too few stores like this as it is. Also walmarts art section isn't as good as this one store. lol
4	Narrow aisles and not much for home decor like hobby lobby, but does the job when I need a craft fix.
3	I'm sure you are already familiar with Michael's so there isn't a need for too much explaining.  It's a craft store covering everything from cake decorating, wedding invitations, knitting, painting, scrapbooking and everything in between.  If you've never been in a Michael's store before, congratulations- you are the first I've heard of.Anyway, for this particular location it's a bit old and tired.  I'm talking they need to take everything out of the store, giving the walls and floor a deep clean, and then updating it to make it brighter and more open.  Despite the worn store, the employees are friendly and helpful and patient while you are trying to dig for coupons out of your purse.This Michael's does have a good cake decorating selection and I preferred the Wilton class instructor over the Centennial location (his name was Aaron- I highly recommend if you are interesting in learning how to decorate cakes).  I'm not a scrapbooker, but I have noticed that the selection here isn't as large as the selection at the Michael's in Centennial.
3	I used to love this place what happened? The store seems so cramped and cluttered. They don't have as big of a variety as Hobby Lobby nor the same prices. I only come here when I absolutely need something and I use a coupon. I have in the past had several problems when trying to use one of their coupons they always seem to have a catch. The employees are sometimes not using their best customer service either. I like that you can go to their website on your phone and click the coupon option and they can scan the coupon right from your phone. They can be used once per day too!
1	Everytime I shop there ...the line to check out is so long.Good for them..they are busy but geez open up another register so your customers don't have to wait in lines.
4	It is large, has everything you need, and the employee's are nice and helpful. There also seems to be an employee always in an aisle so you can ask them where stuff is. I love having employees scattered around, it makes shopping so much easier. They also have 40% off coupons print out with your receipt and that rocks!
4	They saved my life! I bought all the little babies of Vegas from them!
4	This is my craft store. It's not hobby lobby but it will do. The selection of items is vast, although the layout is confusing. Thank gooodness for the friendly staff!  And coupons. My only complaint is that the checkout lines can be a mile long at times. Happy crafting.
4	I decided to experiment with crafts and I ended up at Michael's. I expected to see mostly retired customers who do have time for crafts and hobbies but much to my surprise there were a great variety of people, from children to artists...you name it.Not being familiar with the crafting world, I had to ask for assistance. The staff was friendly and courteous and eager to help. I was very pleased with my purchases and my shopping experience at Michael's.
3	A good location for art supplies if you know what you are looking for. Don't bother to ask for help because they don't seem to know where things are. No employee seemed willing to walk you over to an item, instead sending you to the wrong location. Good service was definitely lacking and store was disorganized and dirty
3	Meh, Michael's is ok, it's usually messy and the cashiers/sales associates are generally not that friendly. There is always a long line to check out and it always seems that they call an extra cashier just as I'm checking out. They also only except one coupon per transaction. However, they have a decent selection of product and they sometimes have better sales than Jo-Ann's and sometimes their prices are a little better, however for me a trip to the craft store also requires fabric, which they don't have so making two stops to save a couple bucks isn't usually my thing.
1	Damn! The longest line ever and only 2 flipping registers open! ARE YOU KIDDING ME!! You mean to tell me you don't have any other cashiers to open up more registers on a busy Saturday afternoon! These guys are just as bad if not worse than Hobby Lobby! Where's the customer service around here ? Jeez .... Other than the long a$$ line this store's ok...
2	Not my favorite location. The last two times I've been here, both daytime - mid morning trips - the checkout lines have been excessive. I don't mean like 3 people waiting, I mean like 10+ people waiting, with 2 registers open, while 2 people stand at the floral area chit-chatting. It also feels congested because if carts of merchandise in the aisles. Other locations are more efficient, and less cluttered...in the future I will stick to those.
2	I went in to pick up some things to work on crafts for a Boy Scout Fundraiser.  I've always been told that Joanns/Michael's coupons are interchangeable and I have never had a problem in all the years I have been shopping there.  I had a 20% off of my entire purchase.  I didn't have much, in fact my total was only about $16.  I hadn't the cashier my coupon. She tried to scan it, but it didnt work.  I had to have her look at it and remind her it was from Joanns.  She then tells me I can't use it for my whole purchase, she will only take it off of the last item she rung up.  I asked her why because the coupon states the entire purchase and nothing I had was clearance.  She told me it was company policy and that she would call her manager.  The manager came and still said she would not honor the Joanns coupon after I had just watched her approve a refund for a customer in front of me that was clearly returning a used item with no receipt.  I had used this type of coupon at another Michaels before with no problem and no mention of this policy.  I informed her of this.  She told me I was more than welcome to go and try to make my purchase at another Michael's if they were willing to break company policy.  I do not believe she spoke properly to me as a customer.  Her customer service skills were definitely lacking.  I did not make that purchase and I went to Joanns down the street from this location.  This manager's treatment is definitely going to influence my decision to walk through the doors of that stood anytime soon.
