3	This is the former Super Mex, just rebranded.The menu is pretty much the same. If there are differences, they are slight and I didn't notice. Same goes for the prices. There is a current Groupon running, which is $11 for $20 worth of food. That makes this place a viable lunch option if I want Mexican food at a decent value other than Roberto's.
3	Came here for a quick cheap lunch with el novio. Purchased the Groupon and in we went. There was no one to greet us and there was no one in the dining room so we went into the bar and were told by the bartenders to sit wherever we wanted.. Decided on a comfy booth in the bar area and then shortly after a server brought over some menus. After ordering our food we decided on some happy hour dranks. The server told us the Groupon can not be used on Happy Hour.. which is the same as everywhere else but most places will just open a separate check for you.. Not here. That was fine though because I just made by man go to the bar and get our drinks there LOL How can you pass up $1 bud light and $2 margaritas?!!? -I got the shredded Baracoa salad which comes in a taco shell and is really delicious! Lots of fresh avocado and they don't use cheap lettuce.-boyfriend got the 3 plate combo with carne asada tacos, beef taquitos, chicken enchilada, rice & beans.. This was just OK. -chips, salsa & bean dip were good. We were not offered a refill~ The service from the server was alright. She did her job and nothing more. Although to make her life easier they should probably assign 1 room for seating so that she doesn't have to run through 3 separate dining areas. The female bartender was nice though ;]]]
5	No comparison to Roberto's please this is a nice place and staff is very friendly I think even more now with the name change.  If you want food at any time of the day or night this is the place for you.  Excellent prompt service I have been here several times and   haven't been dissapointed yet.
4	Stopped by for dinner and pleased. The chips and salsa and bean dip were great. I mentioned to our server that I like spicy stuff she went to the kitchen and came back out with some of their spicy salsa. It was very spicy and fresh. It was cool of her to do that and said it can be requested on future visits. I ordered the carne asada casero burrito but asked them to leave off the bbq sauce and add tomatillo instead. I also asked to have just meat, cheese and sour cream inside my burrito and no rice on my plate. When my burrito came it looked so good but when I cut it open there was rice and beans along with the meat, cheese and sour cream. I was disappointed because I said that I did not want any rice and was specific about what I wanted in my burrito. I could have said something but didn't want to wait for it to be remade and just ate around the rice. The tomatillo sauce was very good and so was the burrito aside from the goof. When our server came to check on us she noticed the pile of rice on my plate and was upset my burrito did not come out right. She offered twice to have it remade but I explained that it was fine, and that she even noticed meant something. My wife loved her meal and had no complaints. Service was great and we were checked on often. This is a legit place to eat and I will back.
5	My new favorite place for Mexican food! When I heard there was a new Mexican restaurant serving a taco with a fried avocado on it, I knew I had to give it a try! When hubby and I walked in we were greeted by a woman who took us to a booth and took our drink order. When you walk inside there is a decent size cantina on the right and the dining area on the left. I noticed the dining area half full of customers so I took this as a good sign. The chips, salsa and bean dip brought to the table were delicious. The salsa could have been a bit more chunkier for me, but it tasted very fresh and good. I ordered "Tacos Del Campo" priced at just $8. This was 2 tacos with beer battered fried avocado, jicama slaw and pico de gallo in them. It was just so yummy! This wasn't like any dish I have tasted before and I will be ordering it again for sure. It also came with rice and beans. I'm pretty picky about rice at Mexican restaurants and really liked it here. The rice was moist and had great flavor as the beans. All this fresh tasty food for only $8 is a great deal. Hubby ordered the "Casero Burrito" priced at $13 and had some issues with the order accuracy of his food, but enjoyed it and really liked the tomatillo salsa that came on it. His food also came with a side of guacamole and since he is weird and doesn't like 'cados, I scooped it right up! That guac was definitely fresh made and freaking tasty! Our server was great and checked on us for refills regularly. Jalisco Cantina has a few different options as far as catering. They can host up to 100 people at the restaurant with live music and either a sit down dinner or buffet style dinner. They had other options too, but I can't remember them all so you can call for more info.Currently they are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
4	We were trying to go somewhere quite close to home. Honestly can't get closer than this. We were greeted right away by our server Martin. My husband had many questions about the special. It was shrimp tacos with jicama slaw. He did not know what jicama was. Martin took his time in explaining what it is. We started with the chips, salsa and beans. Very good way to begin. We ordered the fresh guacamole. Also quite delicious. My DH had the special, I went for the albondigas soup and a salad. The soup came in a huge bowl. Honestly enough for two people. The flavor was subtle and perfect. The meatballs plenty  and delicious. The salad was fresh with cucumbers ,romaine, tomatoes and queso fresco cheese. I took half of both home. My DH ate every bit of the special. Loved the jicama slaw. The portions are generous, the service outstanding. Priced right for the amount of food. We will be returning.
4	Wasent sure what I was getting into trying this new place but I must say I'm glad I stopped by and tried the taste of greatness there good was great and the horchata delicious and my carne asada burrito I had was just what my hunger was looking for I recommend stopping by! Tip try the horchata  and carne asada your won't be disappointed.
5	Phenomenal! I'm a picky foodie so when I say something is good it's great! The steak fajitas, ceviche and top shelf margaritas (only $8 and they're huge) are excellent quality! Free Blues Band LIVE on Tuesday and Saturday.
2	Brutal service!!!  The ladies here do not want to be here.  Food was decent.  The only positive was a huge cold beer that they brought to the table.  This experience is not worthy of a review.
2	I was craving some good late night Mexican food with my fellow Yelpers and we decided to check out one of the best happy hours at Supermex. To our surprise, Supermex was re-branded into Jalisco Cantina. Undeterred, we came in to familiar surroundings and sat down near the bar.Though the restaurant looks the same as before, the menu has undergone some changes and unfortunately not all are for the better. There was no happy hour menu available and after finally getting the attention of our server/bartender, he quickly mouthed off a couple dishes on HH and left us. Unlike before, only select appetizers were half off and the portions/recipes have definitely changed. I wanted to order the chicken street tacos but our server quickly corrected us that they are now called the Tacos Tijuana and for whatever reason only the carne asada ones were covered under HH, no chicken. We also ordered guacamole as an appetizer and Mexican Pizza (new item!). Note: chips and salsa were included as well!When we got the guacamole I was left wondering if the cook forgot to mash up the avocado. Now I don't mind big chucks, but this guacamole was really just diced avocados in pico de gallo. Unfortunately, the new Tacos Tijuana are nothing like what they used to be. Instead of the three generous street tacos before, I got two reduced size carne asada tacos with some rice and beans. The tacos fell victim to 'soggy tortilla syndrome' where the contents escaped to all over my plate. I really wish they didn't change it up as the street tacos were delicious and a great meal in themselves.Now the Mexican Pizza was a pleasant surprise. Like the tacos, for whatever reason the happy hour special only covered the chicken toppings. The pizza was a good portion, with plenty of chicken, mushrooms, and cheese on a thin but crispy toastada like base. Definitely a great new edition to the menu.Our server was terrible to put it nicely. He took about ten minutes to come up to us, and seemed annoyed when we asked him to repeat the list of ~8 happy hour options (they really should just print out a list). He never brought us out our utensils and we had to flag him down over and over for refills. Maybe he was just having a bad day but he just seemed hurried and uninterested, and there weren't even that many people in the bar area. I give kudos to the management for changing up the menu and trying new things but I really wish they didn't downsize some of their better dishes. I used to come here twice a month when it was Supermex but now I'm wondering if I'll ever be back.
4	The grilled shrimp tacos were very good....guacamole was fresh and the portion was huge...my husband loved the carne asada tacos.  All in all, a great value for the price. We will be back...
1	There is no more Chicken Taco Salad lunch special.  I used to order that 2-3 times per week. I'm upset that my favorite lunch restaurant has changed :(.  I was informed it was the same owners but the food and service are not where near as good as they used to be.
2	Okay for a quick meal, had the same server twice and both times we were disappointed.  Margaritas are good.
5	Since they changed the name (formerly Super Mex), things have gotten better at this location. I'm a big fan of their nachos. Before the remodel, they were good. Now...they're pretty awesome! The grilled chicken nachos are my favorite, but they also have steak, shrimp and a few other options. The servers are friendly and usually pretty good about refills on drinks and chips and salsa. The Ceviche I'd a great way to start your meal. It's big enough for 2 or 3 people to share. Prices are a little more than before but still reasonable. I definitely like the new spin on the place.
4	We come here regularly not for the great service but for the reasonably priced food. I have gotten a few different things here. I've gotten chicken taquitos that were good. I also got the lettuce wraps one time but the shredded chicken was too greasy. My favorite is their carne asada burrito. They put an adobe sauce over it that I always say no to. I usually get a side of tomatillo sauce to put on top but be prepared it has a kick. The free chips and beans are always a nice way to start our meal as well.
2	Decent food but chicken has no flavor! Drink prices are good and especially during happy hour or a nfl or college game!
4	I think this place is pretty awesome.  I first came here along with coworkers because it was close to our work location.  Seems to be the go to for when the office is craving Mexican.  This place is clean and actually is pretty busy during lunch time.  They first serve you with their chips, salsa, and bean dip...all very simply, amazing!  I think I get carried away with it when I go there because I get full before my meal even arrives.  I usually like to order any of their burritos.  Its massive.  I first ordered the shrimp burrito because I thought it would be skimpy, boy was I wrong.  Shrimp in every single bite.  I was waay full by the time I got halfway. You can sometimes find Groupon deals for this place, so shop smart so you can save yourself some money to attempt to try the whole menu :)
3	Two stars because food was decent. Carne asada was really tender. One additional star because the bartender immediately greeted us and was nice. However.... The seats within the bar are really uncomfortable. We sat at a little table and I could not get comfy. Maybe I'm weird, but I didn't like it. Next, I went to the ladies room and the entire door was missing to the entrance. Why?! What happened? I stood their confused. Men's room had a bathroom door, why couldn't the ladies? I would eat here again. Oh! It also was weird that the bartender was walking around smoking a cigarette. I didn't care about that really, just didn't seem professional. Food is good though! Seriously, eat here.
3	Was in the mood for some good Mexican Food, and thought SuperMex would fit the script. Arrived to learn that it is now Jalisco Cantina. Menu seemed similar, so I thought what's the harm? I noticed many spots on the wall needed a paint touch up, but the new art being displayed was nice. Was promptly served tortilla chips with beans and salsa. The salsa had a good kick, but the beans were pretty bland. Ordered the chile rellano, and chicken enchiladas with rice. Our waiter gave us a plate with shredded beef enchiladas instead. Initially we were not too thrilled, but thankfully it was tasty. The rice, however, was lacking big time. The chile rellano was eh, and we never got any more chips. Makes me sad.
3	No complaints but no accolades.  Their food is just OK.  The beans are bland but they give them to you complimentary.  The spicier salsa was ok.  We had the chicken bowl, salad and a beef enchilada.  Nothing spectacular.  Good deal if you buy the Groupon.  Otherwise, stick to the lunch specials.  Not terribly authentic.
3	Went once. Margarita was terrible. Green chile pork was better than I thought it would be.
5	My all time fave Mexican restaurant!!
5	Just had a happy hour snack at Jaliscos. Great chips and salsa.  Excellent bacon wrapped shrimp and pacifico on tap!!!Highly recommend it!  BTW, ask for Edson...nice guy and good server!
3	This place is just okay. 3 to 3 1/2 stars describes this place well. I got the specialty tacos which were ok, the chips and salsa lacked being hot and had no salt.
5	Didnt know that there's a great Mexican place just a few blocks away from our house. Found a groupon and checked reviews on yelp. Decided to check this place out. We ordered the guacamole - not the usual but in chunks. It was good. we got the green chili rellenos and carne asada burrito. Servings r huge! Will go back again
3	The atmosphere is okay...good music although it was dead inside. The staff was friendly although did not offer any personality and it appeared that she unhappy being there. The food was good for the prices and the margarita was decent as well. Again the overall experience could be summed up as okay.
5	Non pretentious Mexican restaurant. Great food for the price. Came here when it was Super Mex and I will continue to dine here. Service is great and very nice.
4	Mini Chimichanga  is very filling. Fresh taco was very good as well. They make good pico, salad and chip.
5	I love this place.  Food portions are huge. Great prices. Great service. I like the karaoke nights & live bands performing. They always have deals with Groupon &  yelp. Must try Mexican restaurant. I get the carne asada street tacos almost every time with side of bean and rice. Taste delicious.
5	I ordered the mixed street tacos and got one fish and one vegetarian. The vegetarian one had beer battered avocados with fresh mango salsa. They were both so good it made me feel like I was eating tacos on the beach in Mexico! Very fresh and yummy tasting!
2	Ok because I had a groupon. Otherwise the chips were stale and the food just wasn't that good. My food and my husbands were both wrong when they came out.
4	Once again groupon helped out in trying a new spot. The bar and restaurant area are very cool. You can tell they really tried to get that authentic look. The drink prices are pretty steep. Especially for the margarita which consisted of sour and tequila with some line juice squeezed in. The bartender Imelda was very nice. Now the reason for the four stars was the food. I am kicking myself in the butt for not ordering the street tacos which I believe is what they are known for. I opted for the Jalisco carnitas plate which wasn't so good. I was hungry so I took it down. I'll try it again soon and get the street tacos next time.
3	I really liked this place which was very surprising to me. I have yet to find a Mexican restaurant here that I am crazy about but I really liked the food! Went for breakfast and had the barbacoa plate. The meat had not fat at all and was not greasy and fat like that kind of meat normally is! It came with eggs, potatoes, and tortillas. The portion was great and so was the price. They have a good selection for breakfast lunch and dinner. They have a full bar and happy hour specials.
4	The offerings are authentic, tasty and shall return soon! Satisfied with the service and atmosphere was inviting, clean and pleasing. Thanks!
1	Bad food, horrible service, and a TERRIBLE manager!Nickle and dime you to death...used to LOVE coming here, but never again. And when we tried to speak with the Manager about it he laughed and walked away...Stay Classy Jalisco.  Stay Classy.
1	So not impressed. I think they gave us salad dressing instead of salsa. Everything was very bland (including the hot sauce). Service ok (glasses sat empty for a while).
1	Seated at a booth that was tight and very uncomfortable.  The table wobbled terribly.  An easy fix that has obviously been ignored !Bean dip was bland and chips seemed a bit stale!  Ordered Chimichanga de Carnitas.  Very dry!  Had to use sour cream to give it flavor and some moisture.  Beans and rice were less than tasty .  Won't be going back !
1	Worst service ever. Given wrong menu when we walked in. Then waited 30 minutes before someone finally came over they told us we had the wrong menus, replaced then, and then never came back. Waited another 20 minutes before having to flag a waiter down to get the check. He shrugged us off and never came back with it. Finally had to go to the bar to pay for the single round of drinks we had and leave. You couldn't pay me to eat here again. With service like that I see an available restaurant space in the near future.
5	I have a family with three young kids. We have lived in this area for two years and have passed by this place many times.  Always turned off from going in because we thought is was a gaming lounge since they have this really large 24 hour gaming sign... Plus no windows, etc but a nice looking building.We walked in the doors and the place is very, very nice and clean.  Now gaming/bar setting in the dinning area.To the food.  It was great!!!! Chips, salsa, guacamole all very good and fresh.  Kids loved their food.  I had a steak burrito which was very good.Service was also very nice and attentive.  This will be our new spot for when we want sit down Mexican.
4	Started with complimentary chips, beans and salsa. The salsa was tasty and the beans would have been perfect if they were hot, they came out barely warm. The waitress was very nice and was always around when I needed something. I ordered the carnitas burrito and this thing was a monster. Ive eaten alot of places where there is some meat and lots of filler but this was the complete opposite.  There was pork stuffed all the way through and it was delicious. The carnitas were so tender and flavor was really good. I shouldnt have eaten so many chips and salsa and maybe I could have eaten the whole thing. 70% isnt bad. Lol. I was hesitant going in since the name change from Super Mex but im glad I did and I will go back.
5	This place is awesome!!! Had the carne asada burrito and it was excellent..The meat had a char broiled flavor. The habanero sauce is also to die for. Will definitely come back for more.
5	After two visits here I can now attest to the consistent excellence of this place for fine authentic Mexican cuisine.  Here, besides an addictive mild, mellow, and very tasty Bean Dip that is presented with homemade Salsa and warm tortilla chips, fresh guacamole is made three ways, two of which I have sampled.  Maiz Y Chipotle Guacamole features green avocado and large yellow kernels of corn, and is adorned with twisted Fried Onion Straws.  It packs a powerful spicy backbite that put my mouth on fire after downing just a few scoops.  While I liked it, I found much milder and chunkier Guacamole Classico, with avocado, tomato, onion, and cilantro, to be cold,  refreshing, and more to my liking.Bacon-Wrapped Shrimp with a bit of melted Monterey Jack Cheese was excellent and succulent, with or without Adobo Sauce.  Coming eight to an order, and served with cucumber and tomato slices, and half a lime, this porcine app easily serves two diners, which Diane and I learned after initially ordering two platefuls.  This was just one of several leftovers that came home with us the first time, to serve as a great lunch the next day.For a main dish I savored both a Casero Burrito Carnitas and a very nice Casero Burrito Verde, in addition to a very good Shredded Beef Crispy Taco just for a change of taste.   Diane had Chicken Mini-Chimichangas with the chicken marinated in a Chipotle Sauce, and a mild, well-melted Cheese Quesadilla filled with shrimp.   Both times Janeth was a friendly, attentive, and very competent server.  On the first occasion, Diane's appetizer plate was chipped.  But everything was in order on the second visit.  To add to Jalisco Cantina's allure, free Nevada Poker League tournament play is hosted here on Friday nights.
4	Went there at 2am.. Bought food & drinks, it was all great!!! I had a shrimp taco & steak taco, GREAT!! I also had the bacon wrapped shrimp, OMG Soooooooo good! I had to order some of that to go! Most places when it get late they get sloppy but not here! Food was still on point!
5	I found out about this place through Groupon, & it was pretty good!We were seated right away.The service was great!They have albondigas soup! And it was delicious! Not many places have albondigas soup.I also love their complimentary salsa!They have a separate bar/gaming area if you like that sort of thing.It was nice & quiet. (I hate loud restaurants)
5	I love coming here. The bartenders are amazing and they remember us and what we drink. Gretchen and Matt are our favorite bartenders. We will always come back as long as they are there. Oh and the margaritas...well it's a tequila bar so obviously they are amazing! We enjoy that they stay open late and serve good food. We preferred the old menu but they changed the name so they changed some of the food as well. They also have live music on the weekends and a jukebox if you want to pay for music you love. Overall I would prefer going to this bar late at night and enjoying some yummy drinks!
4	This was my first visit. We were seated immediately.They automatically served complimentary chips with beans and a very thin salsa. My personal preference is salsa with big tomato chunks but the liquid salsa had a good flavor. I ordered the chicken enchilada, it was good and decently priced. The decor is very cute. I would recommend this restaurant for a date however, it was open mic night and I found it to be  a little painful on the ears.
1	$7.95 for a house wine wine at Happy Hour, Margarita so weak, even adding an extra shot did not help. This place is off our Happy Hour List.
5	I've only been there two times and I already love this place! Great atmosphere and the food is really good. Reasonably priced too! They even have live music, which I really appreciate and hope they never change. But the outstanding star of the show is the bartender Gretchen. She should be giving lessons to all other bartenders in Las Vegas on how the job should be done! Even though I'm not a "regular" she always called me by name, consistently made eye contact and checked in on me to make sure I had everything I needed. She was super friendly and made great recommendations on the food, She has a great sense of humor, and knows how to take care of her guests. She made the whole experience amazing!
1	Was excited to try this place because it had great reviews. However, we were really unimpressed. First of all the waitresses argued over which one was actually going to wait on us, after we had already been waiting for quiet sometime. The waitress barely understood basic English. My husband ordered no beans with his meal and I got no beans with mine which I wanted. My husband said his chicken enchiladas tasted like chicken from a can. I wasn't impressed with my meal as well. We ordered fried ice cream for Desert and it wasn't good at all the ice cream was hard as a rock and couldn't even spoon it apart. Don't think we will be returning.
4	I would give them 5 stars if they had better chips BUT their food is great them accommodate our vegetarian needs. The place is clean. I have dined in both the bar and restaurant area and both rock. The ElPatron is SO GREAT!
5	If you're a late night eater and don't know what you're craving for this is the place to go!I've seen this place when I go get gas at the chevron next to it, but never ate here. Around 1am me and my boyfriend were hungry so I came to find this place on yelp. What got me at first was their late night happy hour (11p-2am). $2 margaritas? Can't beat that. So we got here around 1am and our server/bartender was Matt. Really friendly guy, easy talker, etc. customer service was on point. I order the taco Tijuana carne asada and my boyfriend got the breakfast burrito. Food came out and portions were decent, but really sold us on was the taste of the food! Hands down best Mexican food we have tasted before (maybe even better than Lindo's). Matt gave us some insight about the cook who is really passionate about what he does and even though it's after midnight, you expect food to be blah right? No not even like that. The chef knows what he's doing. We will definitely be back for the drinks, food, and customer service.
4	Stopped by this place after work for a couple strong margaritas and an appetizer. Feels just like the Super-Mex that was there a couple months ago. Drinks were good, appetizer was good, and the bartender was very friendly.
4	I love the customer service here! The day time bar tender is awesome! Not only is she super beautiful, she is very personable and happy. The food here is good, but the customer service makes this place amazing! I definitely suggest anyone should come here. The Mexican food is huge and great! Love this place!
5	Everything was delicious!! I make a home made Albondigas soup too and was pleasantly surprised theirs tasted very much like my own. It was really good and a large bowl, so I had to take some of it back to the hotel with me. My husband ordered their special which was a pork enchilada dish. He shared a few tastes with me and it was very very good. Salsa and beans to dip were great. No complaints here. Highly recommended!
2	If it wasn't for the food this place would only get 1 star....  Total Nightmare!The Service was HORRIBLE! we came in for Dinner and I understand that it was late night, a little after Midnight, and there is only One Bartender, however, as sweet as she later became, she was a mess, 2 players in total at the bar, we walked in she was on her phone behind the cash register, we stood at the bar to ask for a menu and let her know we wanted a booth in the bar area as we did not want to sit up at the bar, she took more then a few minutes to greet us, finally we told her that we wanted to have a seat at the booth, she said okay, ill bring out some menus, 5 minutes went by so I went up to her at the bar where she was on her phone, and I asked for a draft the menu and a drink for my date, she handed me both I asked for an order of Chips and Salsa to start off with, and I went back to the booth so we could go over your menu. THE MENU HERE IS GREAT BTW. After 5 more minutes of waiting for her to take our order or bring out the chips and salsa, another lady who she had been talking to behind the bar brought out our chips and salsa and apologized for the service, and said ill tell her you are ready to order... this lady had to have been a guest as she was wearing a Putters Bar T-shirt... We were weirded out that someone other then an employee went back to get our Chips and Salsa... If it wasnt for us already being here so long and already ordering a drink We would have just left, I had to go back up to the bar to place my order......  The cook was amazing, he brought out our food in a timely manner after I had gone up to order, he described to us what we had ordered and even asked if we needed anything else, any more chips and salsa and if everything looked good. He could barely speak english but he was not hard to understand and totally made a great representation.  THE FOOD WAS EXCELLENT! The Shrimp Mexican Pizza, and the Ceviche were really really Good! I would recommend the food however I would have to mention the service....I am not sure if I would come back, and Its a shame becuse the food was superb however the Service from Our bartender was just shitty. She was sweet towards the end and did check on us Once after our food had already came out, she said she was new to this location however I don't think that excuse had anything to do with her customer service I just wish she had a little better training in the Hospitality department especially with her being a graveyard bartender, thats the time a lot of service industry workers come have dinner and play the machines!
5	Food was good.  Very reasonable but the real treat is katie who epitomizes what it means to be a great tender of the bar!  Super friendly, very attentive and very easy on the eyes.  I sat at the bar and watched Monday Night Football and enjoyed everything.
4	Very Nice! We live just down the road and followed some of the other positive Yelp reviews and had a great meal. We ate in the restaurant but could hear some live entertainment in the lounge area.  That was on a Sunday. The specials change on Saturday and go through the week. I had the special and it was great was about just under $10 bucks plus drink.   Marisa was our server and she was very helpful explaining any questions we had about the menu.  My spouse had the carne Asada and was very pleased. I would recommend for someone looking for casual and off the Las Vegas Strip!
2	Went for a late lunch, the Carne Asada Burrito had crunchy pieces of Gristle, the Rice and Beans were cold and the Tamale was overcooked. Service was good but we were disappointed after reading good Yelps.
3	Food is good but only during regular hours. shure during happy hour margaritas are good price but food menu changes and selection is not good. Only coming for dinner.
5	Two words, Happy Hour!Margaritas for $2.50, beers for $2.00, and some pretty tasty cheap food. I ended up ordering the Tacos Tijuana w/carne asada which only costs $5, it came with two tacos and rice and beans. The tacos were delicious, they came w/chorizo, steak, and cheese. I also ordered the camaron tropical guacamole (also $5), it was also delicious and definitely different, it's not your average guacamole. The guacamole was mixed with mango and shrimp, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The bartender was really nice, he showed great customer service. I can't wait to return to HH again, Friday nights it starts at 11 p.m. and ends at 2 a.m.
1	I call this place and ask if they have pupusas and the girl, gretchen was her name I believe If I heard correctly hangs up on me! I call back and she doesn't pick up! I call private and ask why she hung up on me and she hangs up on me again! Super rude place! I'll be contacting the manager in the morning about this!
4	Good food,  good service,  what a hidden gem! My husband Ordered the  Chef special,  he finished it he is usually not a Mexican food Eater but he loved it! Had their carnitas special,  loved it.  Mango Margarita was awesome not too sweet!
5	We had a bartender named Karla! I haven't seen her in a long time and it was great to come back in and see her. She's always been on top of service when there's a full bar! The food is great and such an awesome happy hour! Great pricing and yummy margaritas! Try out their chicken taquitios and tacos Tijuana!!! They got a fabulous NFL happy hr!!!!!
4	Came in today with a girl friend and we got Friendly quick service. The groupon deal is great 10 bucks for 20 dollars worth of food. I got the pork tacos and chicken tacos to go my friend got the chicken tacos too. Overall it was really good I'd definitely recommend and for sure coming back :)
1	A group of friends and I had come here after a night of heavy drinking. We used to come here all the time when it was SuperMex. I guess the chef also changed along with the name change, because the food was pretty bad that night. When we first arrived, we sat in the section right next to the bar. It took us 10-15 minutes to get our waters when there was no one else in the restaurant. The ten minutes seemed like FOREVER since we were all pretty slizzard. When we ordered our food, the waitress seemed alright. My boyfriend wanted to get guacamole instead of refried beans. The waitress kept saying that it wasn't possible and they can't do that. So my boyfriend tried telling her he'll pay extra if you can just give us the guacamole on the side instead of the beans, but she still said no. But wait...when we wanted an extra side of guac later after we had gotten our food, it was ok? ok. whatever. After ordering, it literally took 40-45 minutes to get our food. There was no one else in the restaurant, just us, and it took so stinkin long. When we finally did get our food, anyone who had ordered carne asada style ended up with really tough burnt meat. The food and service was all around bad. This really saddened my good friend because hes been coming here since forever and now we have to find somewhere else to go :(
4	LOVE. May I repeat LOVE the food here. Great portions, amazing salsa, and the food always keeps me coming back for more! Although the service when walking in could be greater the food makes it all worth it. They have lunch specials and late night ones as well.
4	love this place! great service & great food!
4	This is place used to be known as Super Mex. Let me tell you, since they changed the name, and added new items to their menu, this place has gotten way better! In short, Super Mex was good, but Jaliscos is GREAT!My husband and I are regulars here. The wait staff have gotten to know us over the years, and we are always greeted with a smile. The dining area has a darkened atmosphere, and the long booths offer a bit of privacy when you're dining. The menu is expansive and offers a taste of true Mexico. The shredded beef tacos are a must-order as they are bursting at the seams with juicy, succulent beef; and are finished off with lettuce, tomato, and a sprinkle of cheese. My only wish is that they were bigger... Haha!The chillerellenos are also delicious. They are fried to perfection, and every bite is oozing with cheese. I'd suggest the two or three items combo plates so that you can try a little bit of everything on this splendid menu!
4	My secret spot for good food. Piece of mind and value. Matt the bartender is amazing and always great company on the graveyard shift!
