5	Run 4 It on Lothian Road is a fantastic shop for the more athletically minded amongst us. The large store caters for both men and women and they stock everything you could possibly need in order to pound the pavements (or track) successfully, including 'smart' clothing that will keep you cool and dry, and trainers for feet that may have been referred to as flat once upon a time. The knowledgeable staff are well trained and can watch how you run on a treadmill in order to provide gait analysis, so you'll leave the shop with the right kind of trainers for your running style. Given that it is a pretty specialist shop, prices aren't too expensive and there are generally some good sale bargains to be found. The store also runs jogging groups in partnership with jogscotland, these are a fun and free way to get into running and meet some new people at the same time.
3	Edinburgh has an expansive selection of places to go running. Therefore, regardless of how good people are at it, they often opt for the latest gel padded bum toning super shoe.Run 4 It provides all the latest running gear and related equipment to keep you pounding the pavement for years to come.  All the prices seem to be standard RRP and thus you won't find any bargains here. Nonetheless the staff are helpful and will give you the odd tip on how to get the most out of the gear on offer.
3	I realised early that jogging was big in this city. There are always joggers about. At any time. Running. Somewhere. Still haven't figured out where they are running too. Or more importantly what they are running away from.Anyway, as intimidating as a group of joggers coming towards or behind of you in the Meadows, my few running friends like coming to this store to have a chat with the friendly staff and browse the latest gear in running. It's quite an up-to-date store and hence quite popular as well.
4	After about a year of running in really inappropriate canvas trainers that gave my ankles pretty much zero support, I was decided it was time to equip myself with some sturdy and athletic looking proper footwear. Coming in here for a browse was a fantastic call, as the staff are real experts in their field and really make the effort to supply you with the right gear for your purposes, rather than fobbing you off with something that's going to make you hobble around in agony and distort the shape of your foot.In order to figure out what kind of trainer was suitable for me, I was instructed to run on the treadmill provided in the shop, so that the guy helping me could figure out what level of support I needed. Pretty thankful this was early in the morning and no one was in the shop, as I'm not sure my treadmill running style is the coolest ever. He concluded that I had thin ankles (woo hoo!), so would need trainers with a considerable level of support, which he duly provided several examples of for me to try on. If you're a runner of any level or experience, I would definitely recommend coming in here to sort yourself out some magic feet. They also have clothing, and other running accessories too, so you're sorted from head to toe really.
4	As running shops go this is one of the very best and offers great value for money.  If you can you'll want to try and buy as much as you can from here at sale times because then the prices plummet and you can pick up some really sensational deals.The shop covers everything you'll need so you will be able to avoid having to visit multiple shops just to buy all you want including a variety of gadgets that whilst not cheap will help you monitor your progress accurately helping you reach and set your targets.
3	Im an avid runner so need new kit regularly, this shop is great for customer service but it mainly focusses on the selling of shoes, the kit section is quite small. If its shoes your after though you cant go wrong
3	Three stars for Run 4 It but I'm sure it'll be upgraded soon. Most people go here for the specialist shoe fitting but I didn't this time, hence leaving myself some leeway for the future. I came here for running tights/track pants (whatever they are called). I think the men's range looks better than the women's but I managed to track down a non-neon black pair which were reasonably priced. They do all the running kit essentials - vests, undies, shoes, socks, jackets, plus ipod holders, sports beans and drinks.I'm sure I'll be back here for good quality gym kit and when it is time to replace my trainers, I'll do the sporty, science bit and get measured properly and then run on the treadmill to see what my gait is really like and if I am wearing the best shoes.A trip on a day that isn't Saturday would be advised. As you get a proper fitting for your shoes then this takes time and the queues can get pretty big.
