5	It's been a few years since I bowled league. So when I decided I wanted to get into bowling again I new I needed some new equipment. But were to go was the question. I decided to check out a local pro shop that I will not name. They drilled me up a storm lucid. It never seemed to come off my hand well. But for not bowling in awhile I figured It was just me being rusty. Well when my league started up at the center that virtue is located in I decided to bring the ball in their to put a slug in. And the very first thing Craig noticed (the main guy who is usually their) is that the thumb pitch looked very awkward to him. So he re measured my hand and when he threw a slug in the thumb he also changed the pitch. I was so pleased with that when I decided to purchase a new ball I went through them. I have purchased 3 balls through them in just one season of bowling. I have had botched equipment in the past and we all know bowling balls are like brand new cars. The min you put a drill bit in it than the value drops like crazy and I for one do not like using plugged balls and with going to this shop I can guarantee my equipment will never have to be done a second time. To me that is what the new standard is all about. (Doing the job right the first time)
5	I moved out here from the east coast and was still having new balls shipped from my old ball driller. I gave had a few guys out here say they can get pretty close and are real good. I finally decided to give a local shop a chance. Craig at Virtue not only matched my grip, but he remeasured and straightened out my old equipment that didn't match. Now every ball has the same measurement, my offset oval thumb he does every time, 8 balls now and not 1 piece of tape needed. Another thing Virtue did was take a look at me bowl, then make recommendations for equipment and drilling layouts. I use to always buy Storm with pin up drilling. Now I am throwing Brunswick, Columbia and Storm, varied layouts and helped explain why. Pin down is now My favorite layout. Always a nice job and feel welcomed.
5	Very happy I switched over to Virtue bowling supply! I was getting my balls drilled for seven years by another person. Came to find out my pitch was wrong. Thank you Craig for giving me awesome customer service! Glad I found someone who could drill my ball correctly and answer all my questions. Will be going to Virtue bowling supply every time!
5	Virtue Bowling Supply is truly lives up to its motto as "The New Standard" in pro shop services. The employees really take the time to get to know their customers, and figure out the best way in which they can help an individual's performance on the lanes. They definitely know their stuff! The shop has a very welcoming environment, which creates a great place to hang out and chat about bowling with other customers. I enjoy every visit I make to Virtue!
