1	Stanley King was the listing agent on a property  I wanted to make an offer on. Would like to  make an offer right now on the home, told him we could do it on the phone, fax, email, right now.  He said no problem; there is NO rush because he had just put the listing up. We said that we would prefer to put the offer in right now. Again, Mr. King said do not worry, he had just put the listing up.  We made an appointment for tomorrow at his office.  I called him two hours later to verify if he received my loan information that I just sent thru fax, for the offer I was going to make tomorrow in his office. He stated at this time to me that the house was sold. I asked him sold, but you said that the listing was less than 5 hours old, and not to worry.  Turns out the house was sold to a person who was losing her condo through foreclosure and needed another place before her credit was hit. She was a local and needed another house since she worked in the area.  He said there was nothing he could do, and the house had a pending offer and no back up offers will be taken.  I asked since the house was a foreclosure, how did they bank come back that fast?  He had no answer to that question. This was his listing, sound like he knew the women who was  buying the house, or had something going on with the Buyers Agent, not sure what, but something was strange and appeared to be unethical  or ?????
1	Wardley seems like a very unethical company.  They had a listing in December 2013 for 2443 Kaymin Ridge in Henderson.  It was listed for $220,000, and the price seemed low. Zillow had it at $240,000.  I called the agent, Susan Kosh, the day it was listed and said I was interested in making an offer.  She never called back, and the very next day it was listed as Under Contract.  Is this typical?  If an agent wants to get the best price don't they contact all buyers who express interest and keep properties on the market for more than a day?  It certainly seems as if they might have been trying to steer this property to a certain buyer - maybe a friend or relative.  I will write a complaint to the Nevada Real Estate Division.
4	I felt welcomed like family when I walked into the Brokerage. Warm & friendly staff.A group of multicultural, diversified agents making things happen each introduced themselves to me..  Appeared to be quite a seamless operation working hand-in-hand for everyone's success!
