4	Used this location 2x now for tire repairs and both times I have been in and out in a matter of minutes.  These guys did the job when the other stores just made excuses on why they couldnt do a simple repair. Will be using Big O again for future services.
4	Popped in here last week for an oil change.  I was VERY impressed.  I didn't call ahead of time, used a coupon, and they still finished in under an hour.  Even rotated my tires, and checked my battery.  Wish I could find this level of service closer to where I live, but the next time I'm in the West Valley needing some work on my truck, I won't pass them up!
5	Fast, honest service and good prices.
1	I had a Groupon for 3 oil changes for a really cheap price so I came in here on a Friday mid morning. So I came purely for the oil change and of course they call my name to tell me the other things that are 'wrong' with my car. They said I needed 4 new tires and a top and bottom radiator hose. Hmmm that's interesting considering a day before I came here I was at the tire place where i purchased the tires and they told me to drive another 1,000 miles before I had them rotated. I told the man okay yeah yeah yeah i'll come back another time. That turned me off big time. Don't try to get over on me just because i'm a girl and I may look like I haven't a clue about cars. My best advice whenever going to a automative place get a 2nd opinion. I did just that and I didn't need any of the things they said I did.
5	Great service and they will never pressure you to do more than you can. They always have the customers best interest in mind. Great guys working there as well.
5	We go here all the time for preventative maintenance and repairs. We would not go anywhere else. When we were vandalized with sugar in a gas tank by a former neighbor, the guys at this shop cleaned it all out, suggested a fuel injection cleaning and dropped by the bill by the $$ amount it took to clean out the sugar in the fuel system....saving the vehicle from imminent ruination. I have many other experiences outlining how awesome these guys are. The owner, Ralph, is a very honest, straightforward guy. We love these guys here. In 4 years with them, they have never ever steered us wrong...ever. Anthony, Wilson, Ricky, and the guys that I don't know the names of....all awesome guys. High consistent level of service, friendly, knowledgeable guys, quick maintenance and repairs. I cannot say enough about how awesome these guys are. We have never had to have an appt, but they won't ignore your need to set an appt with them. If you go in the morning when they open - 730 am - you get the early bird discount for an oil change. I believe it is like $5 off the oil change...so it ends up being a base price of $19.95-$19.99.On the flip side, we once tried to the Big O Tires on Peoria and 51st ave. Never will go back. We experienced high pressure, fearful sales tactics. Nuff said.
5	I stopped in for a tire was not riding well.  Big O replaced it under warranty. Nice courteous knowledgeable staff.....They aired up the other three tires to the right psi for the vehicle, and inspected them as well. In and out in under 45 minutes, with lots of people moving through just as quickly.
5	I can't recommend this place enough. The entire staff is friendly, honest and trustworthy. They have told me when I didn't need work done (when I thought I did) and fixed flats for free. The full service option is also great. I stopped in before a road trip and got a front end alignment, oil change and new wiper blades. I have had all my tires replaced here and y husband also visited them when he had a flat (which they fixed for free).
5	Ok, the last thing I wanted to do on my Thanksgiving visit to Phoenix, was to get new tires.I was driving from Denver when I noticed for the 2nd time in a week that my car was sounding funny since I got my oil change and tire rotation.  (Another review, which won't be five stars from the dealership will be forthcoming) I couldn't place it, but figured everything was fine.  (Known fact: I know nothing about cars)During Thanksgiving, I had my friend's brother, who is a mechanic, drive with me to Starbucks so he can hear what I was hearing.  He got out of the car and vanished.  I am like, where did he go?  He was bent down looking at my tires.  My two front tires sidewalls were completely toast.  So, the next day I called my dealership on a price on my tires.  I got two tires from them last time and they matched Discount tires price.  This time, not so much, and they were going to charge me $350 for two tires.  I knew that was extremely high for my Nissan Sentra.That is when I went to where I found amazing reviews for Big O Tires.  They priced out my tires, with the warranty, for $194 for two tires.  SAME TIRES that ABC Nissan were going to give me, btw.  The staff was extremely helpful and courteous.  Didn't treat me like a dumb blonde either, which I totally appreciated.
