5	Great service at this location. I usually get delivery and it is delivered accurately to their ETA or even earlier at times, and when I do go to pick it up they are very consistent about checking for id. Good for them and good for their customers. Pizza is consistently delicious and their cheese sticks rock. I always use coupons or promo codes instead of paying full price, and with those prices it becomes a very good deal for delicious pizza that does not have skimpy toppings.There was once where I ordered an extra cheese pizza and the amount of cheese did not even qualify as a regular amount. I was offset since we always had good service and quality food here, so I sent them a comment about this and in return we received a comped pizza, and I should mention this did not take long... maybe a week or so. That kept me an extremely satisfied customer and I've had absolutely no other complaints.
5	I love ordering pizza from this Papa John's location. Their customer service is top notch! We always get our order in a decent amount of time, and the pizza/breadsticks are delicious and just as ordered.  Plus, who doesn't love that butter/garlic dipping sauce that comes with their pizza?!...Very unhealthy, but oh so good. :)
5	Went to Vegas recently for a childhood friend's twenty-first birthday shindig. Our first night there the girls wanted to have ample time to get ready. The Venetian gave us the number of this Papa John's as a place that would deliver to the hotel lobby. The person that took my order was courteous and patient. He reiterated what hotel guest service had already told us: they'll deliver it to the hotel lobby, but not your hotel room. It was a forty minute wait for two large pizzas, which was perfectly fine because my girlfriends wound up taking over two hours to get ready. Chomping away at delicious pizza kept me from bitching at them to hurry up. I'll definitely have them deliver again during my next stay in Sin City.
5	Pizza's from Papa John's are probably the best value and have the best overall taste.  Love their garlic chicken pizza in particular.  They were running $10 large pizzas for a while.They have the timing down as far as cooking as I was impressed with the slightly browned and melted cheese on top.  It comes with some buttery garlic dipping sauce for those not counting calories......as if the pizza didn't have enough.You can setup an account on-line and get some "Papa Points" when you order on-line.  This can get you some free pizza!
4	i dont think i have to say much about papa johns..its always pretty good
5	I just double fisted two slices of pizza...THAT'S how good it was. Prior to today, I have never tried Papa Johns pizza. We've been ordering from Pizza Hut for years, but decided to go with Papa Johns today after hearing about their $11 promo for any large pizza, up to 7 toppings or any specialty. We thought the Pizza Hut $10 large 1 topping was a deal, so our minds practically exploded when we started making our $11 pizza on the Papa Johns website. We ended up getting the Spinach Alfredo specialty pizza, but also added chicken, bacon, and mushrooms on top. The order came out to $14.59 because of the tax and delivery fee and was delivered with 2 minutes to spare!We opened up the box and took in the mouth watering aroma of mushrooms, bacon, cheese, and chicken. Then we practically ripped it apart like savages (after I took pics of course). The cheese was just perfect, as Roxi V. described below "slightly browned and melted." The toppings were spread out evenly and, surprisingly, they even gave us a small container of garlic dip. Many other pizza joints will charge you for any dipping sauces. As for the taste, it was almost like having spinach artichoke dip on a pizza. I was pretty amazed at how they were able to make every single topping stand out in its own way; nothing stood out more than another.The crust was perfectly soft on the inside and browned on the outside.I don't see how I could go back to Pizza Hut after Papa John's has won my heart.
5	Papa John's serves up hot, fresh, and delicious pizzas for cheap.  Get in on the online special offers action if you have computer access.  You'll have an almost 100% guarantee that your order will be come out right the first time!  The staff at this location are super friendly and parking is a breeze.  You'll be in and out in no time at all!The Tuscan Six Cheese & Italian Herb Cheesesticks are my personal favorite.
5	Pizza pizza pizza! So Papa Johns isnt orgasmic or anything but I do love the specials they run! I normally get the 2 med 2 tops for 11$ Thats seriously a steal! We usually end up getting one with ham and extra cheese and the other is usually pretty random. Chicken with jalapenos on half and Hawaiian on the other. The toppings are always super yummy and not scarce. I love how they load on the cheese!Its usually a 15-25min wait depending on how busy they are. What I love about this PJs is the customer service. The greeter lady is seriously super kind, she acknowledges you by your first name if she knows it and is super pleasant. The workers here are also very nice and say hello upon entering. I usually always order from their app or the website on my phone. For the super bowl if you were a club member they sent you a coupon for a free large 1 top and a 2 liter! UM YES!! Its promos like that that win my heart : ) If youre a member of the pizza club you can also earn points towards free pizza! AWESOME!I'm not saying the pizza is amazing, but the deals and customer service are most def amazing! Good job guys!
1	I ordered my 2 med Pizzas at 12pm one day because my Lunch started at 12:30.  I figured 30 minutes would be plenty of time for me to drive by and pick it up, especially when my confirmation stated the estimated time would be 15-20 minutes.  I actually left for lunch at 12:40 because I lost track of time.  When I showed up at 12:45, the delivery driver and the male cashier were both just chatting.  I had to WAIT to pay.  Not only that, but my food was not ready.  They said they were stil waiting for one more to be finished.  From the cash register you can see inside of the Oven and there was not 1 pizza in there.  I sat and waited another 20 minutes.  I was extremely polite.  When they finally finished my pizza at 1:05pm.  With NOT EVEN AN APOLOGY, they handed me my pizzas.  I am VERY dissappointed with this store.  I spent half of my lunch waiting for food that took 1 hour and 5 minutes to complete.
5	We had this particular Papa John's deliver to our Laser Quest birthday party this past weekend, and they were FANTASTIC!  The delivery driver was very prompt, polite, and courteous.  The pizza was hot and tasted excellent.  They also provided all the plates and napkins for the party.  That was the icing on the cake.  We love Papa Johns in general, and this location helped to ensure my sons 9th birthday party went off without a hitch!
3	For cheap pizza with a myriad of online/email specials and LOTS of extra garlic sauce, there's nothing like PapaJohns.Now I completely understand that this is the McDonalds of Pizza. And once in a while, I'm ok with that. Why not? Everyday can't be gourmet. If it were, then gourmet would lose it's luster.So if you want a cheap and fun take-home meal that, at least for me, will satisfy a very particular craving, then look no further than PJ's.I get the two large 3 topping special for 12 bucks. Mine gets mushroom, pepperoni, and spicy Italian sausage. Always free extra sauce, always crispy bake, always original crust, always square cut, always extra Garlic sauce cups. The other is usually a black olive, mushroom and sausage pie, same instructions.Sign up and online order and get great deals AND start earning points for a free pie. delicious.
5	Last Night I had the Half Pepperoni/Mushroom and Half Hawaiian Pizza...It was Delicious as usual!!! From this Location the Food Is ALWAYS Perfect, On Time and The Staff has Always Been Vry Friendly!!
2	It's cheap pizza, what can you say. Nothing to write home about. I miss Gheppetos back home. PJ is like dominoes or Pizza Hut. Nothing to great. The bread sticks were pretty good though. Nice and soft.
1	Worst customer service, worst quality, Papa Johns - that's what Papa Johns should change their slogan to.
1	Do not buy from this location, the pizza is atrocious they are just a bunch of kids and do not take their job seriously.  Order a pizza with light sauce it comes with no sauce or an over abundance of sauce.  No consistency and terrible quality, avoid the sausage if you do buy from this place or take the chance of major stomach issues.   We love Papa Johns pizza when it is made by someone who cares but not from this location.  Looks like we will be buying from Domino's again for pizza delivery.
1	Tonight I had the double cheeseburger pizza & it was awful.  The pizza was so soggy that the toppings separated when I tried to pick up a piece.  It had a nasty white sauce on it and nothing about it tasted like a cheeseburger.  There was hardly any ground beef.  This pizza's a joke.  If I didn't get the half off deal I would have asked for my money back.
1	Normally I love there food however I tried the new Spicy Chicken Pizza this thing is disgusting my stomach is turning. The sauce is a mae ploy sauce witch I love but not on a pizza makes the pizza sweet, the cheese is ok, The raw onions is hard to eat on it, if they where sauted or caramelized it might be better there was little chicken. This was one of the worse pizza's I have had threw the store I had about 2 slices with this one thats it . Its maddening cause I wanted to like it with all promotion going into this pizza. However thankfully I got breadsticks to eat for dinner :( DISCONTINUE THIS PIZZA
3	Very friendly staff and very fast delivery!! If you just want to relax at home and not cook ... Give them a call they will rush some great pizza and sides right to you.
