4	This is really the only Arcadia area car wash.  They do a great job.  It does take a little longer than the average car wash, but that is because it is all by hand and they do a great job of drying and taking immaculate care of your vehicle.
4	If you really care about your car, this place is for you. One of very few places where you can get a real hand wash. Not a lot more expensive than automated washes either.
4	No automated wash will touch my BMW 7 Series and these guys are great. $17 for the "Arcadia" and they dry using compressed air so you don't get those annoying water spots on the windows. Highly recommend them.
4	They might be thieves! I brought them a very dirty, messy car and the one they gave me back... it couldn't have been the same car!  It was spotless, clean, and better looking than it had been in a very long time.  This new car had the same license plate as my old one... same stuff in the glove compartment, same bad music on my mp3 players, but was just too clean to be my old car.Well, it looks fantastic and is close enough, so I'm keeping it!  I hope when this one gets dirty I can take it back and they will trade it in again for another new one! :)
4	I hate those automatic car washes. They are $20 bucks scratch up your car and most of the time don't get all the dirt off. I have driven by Arcadia Car Wash a bunch of times but never stopped. I am glad   finally did. This is a true hand car wash for only $17 bucks! You pull into a shaded area and they go to work. Then they start the drying process with an air compression hose and finish up with an interior detail. They left my car looking great! The only warning is make sure you have some time to kill. They do a great job but only have spots two wash to cars at a time. For me its worth the wait!
4	I loved this car wash..once I figured out how to get into it (easiest to enter from 44th street).  No Cheesecake Factory menu that takes 20 minutes to read and figure out what the difference is between the $4 wash, the $7 wash, the $12 wash...you get the idea.I took my husband's vehicle in while he was out of town.  I know, I'm nice like that.  $25 for an SUV complete wash.  This is a true hand wash.  No conveyor belts or automated water squirter things.  Guys with hoses who do a really good job.  They use compressed air to dry, and I watched them go over and over the car to make sure nothing was missed.  I was hard-pressed to find any water streaks.  It can be slow, but it's worth it.The only downside is the waiting area is outside (covered), so I don't anticipate his vehicle's next wash until November.  Luckily, my 10 year old vehicle has no aversions to machine washes.  But then again, It would be lucky to get washed before November anyway.
5	I visit the area often from San Diego and discovered Arcadia Car Wash after a really 'buggy' trip and have been their #1 fan ever since -- clean as showroom new after each visit and the wait is shorter than you think ( if you ever remember how long it would take you to do a complete handwash and vaccuum)! Big J (the owner) takes great pride in making sure each vehicle looks the best it can - you won't be disappointed!
5	Took my m5 here the last few times I had a car wash.  Had a great experience overall, I chose the 'Arcadia' wash which for what they do (hand wash, interior, windows, tires) is a great bargain compared to other area hand car washes.  The place isn't the fanciest, but I will tell you the service is top notch and they really do a great job of inside-out cleaning.  Would highly recommend to anyone.  As others mentioned, only downside is a longer wait, but worth it for the extra mile they go to clean the car.  Last time I went, had some real bad wheel grime/buildup and they spent literally 15 mins scrubbing all the wheels to get it clean!
5	I have driven by this carwash at least 2 million times. I've lived in the Arcadia area for 20 years, went to Arcadia High School, etc. 44th street & Indian School is my 'hood. I finally tried it out, getting my mother-in-laws car washed. They did an excellent job and are pretty cheap- straightforward pricing and never crazy busy so you can get right in. Nice to sit outside and watch them take care of your car! The place isn't fancy or anything, but it's perfect for what it is. I brought my bigger, dirtier car in the next week and they did just as great of a job. The owner (or possibly manager?) who is always there is a super friendly guy and makes the experience more personal. My car was sparkling and I will definitely be back. Glad I finally tried this place out!
2	This place does a pretty good job with the car wash but the attendant that takes your money is always saying inappropriate things to me. If you are a woman, be warned.
4	These guys were great. Friendly service, quality and detail-oriented wash. Best value handwash in Phoenix by far.
5	Just moved here from Kansas City and my Infiniti was driven the whole way. Needless to say it was covered with KS, TX, and OK bugs. Read the reviews online plus it's close to my house so I thought what the heck!  For $20 plus a $5 tip they did a helluva Job!  Only advice would be to plan on it taking a little longer because it is a true hand wash. Will be going back!!!
5	After the recent dust storm, I wanted to get my wife's Passat clean. I usually go to a car wash in central Phoenix, but now that I live in Arcadia, I decided I would try the car wash around the corner from my home.I am very glad I did. The price was comparable to other washes, but the difference was the service. The wash was thorough and done completely by hand. Plus, the owner of the car wash was very nice and helpful at checkout.I will definitely be going back to this spot. You can try other car washes if you want something quick for the exterior...but if you're looking for a place that will give your dirty ride some TLC, than this is the place for you.
4	CLOSED! Sorry to see them go. Apparently a Chick-Fil-A is going in, because the world needs more fast food places.The owners are going to put together a mobile car wash rig so they can wash cars at people's office or home, but the location won't reopen.
5	Big J is awesome and super conscientious. I trust having my luxury car at Arcadia Car Wash.
5	These folks have kept my cars clean and shiny for almost 20 years. I drove there yesterday (July 20, 2013) for a wash ... and the place is not only closed, it has been TORN DOWN. It was one of the best hand washes in town, and two days earlier, it was still operating. The buildings next to it have gone, too, and there's construction equipment there now.  So I'm betting that whatever they're about to build, it won't be a car wash. Wonder what Big Jay and his guys are going to do now. This is not good news.
