5	I drove over 600 miles from Nor Cal on the advice of a friend - and would do it again Great work, great prices and great people to work withI highly recommend them!
5	Great job on redoing my center console at a great price.  It looks factory and not like someone redid it.  The price was fair and they did it in 24hrs.  Great service, great work, great prices...not much else to say.
5	They did fantastic work on my seats and doors for my 1976 Datsun 280Z. I sourced the parts and they put it all together. Everything came out wonderful! Family owned and run. Super friendly people. I plan on doing business with them again in the very near future.
5	Excellent work. Attention to detail. Great price.Our 03 Honda Pilot (one star for that piece of junk), the leather seats were cracking and falling apart. At the dealer, it was over $3000 for new seat covers, plus installation. Took her on over to Bell Auto Upholstery and Manny Jr. came out, took a look, and told me to replace it with vinyl for 1/10 the cost. They found vinyl that nearly matches the existing leather and crafted new panels for the cracking leather ones and you would be very hard pressed to tell they are not 100% new.And they did it all in one day. Amazing.BAU is a family run business and it looks like the entire family works there, and enjoys what they do.Can't recommend these guys enough.
1	If a person or company can't handle a small job, would you trust them with a big job?  I think not!  We have a removable cutty cabin section, about 6' wide, that needed two new zippers sewn in.  I am a seamstress and a quilter and I would have sewn the zippers in myself but don't have a commercial machine large enough to handle the job.  We are talking 4 straight seams here!  We took it and the two new zippers to Bell Auto Upholstery and requested they sew them in for us.  We also did ask if it could be done that day. They said yes.  Later that day when my husband got off work he went by to get it.  They charged him $50 for a ten minute job.  He paid it and came home.  When we laid it out to look at it we found an extremely  shoddy job.  I can't begin to tell you how bad it looked.  Instead of using a light grey thread, they started with a black thread, which was totally crappy looking.  Then, mid-way down they switched to grey thread.  They didn't bother to take out the black thread. They evidently missed a spot, and when they realized it, they went back and stitched it with BROWN thread!!!  The stitching lines were not straight. And, to top it off, instead of cutting the zipper off  (to shorten it by a few inches) at the top before sewing it into the tab that was there ( for the purpose of enclosing the zipper top ) they cut the zipper off at the bottom, which was dumb because it would then allow the zipper pull to slide right off!!!  It was absolutely the worst job I've seen!  And, for this, we paid a premium!!!  The next day we took it back and pointed out the poor workmanship and asked that it be corrected.  We left it with them for a couple of days and then went back.  They did correct the situation, as far as the zippers are concerned, and did, at the request of my husband, return $20 to him since we did not get the one-day service we originally paid for.  The man we dealt with, Daniel, who is, to our knowledge, the owner, had a very smug attitude.  He really didn't care that we were unhappy with the original job.  Little does he know that we have an older truck that we plan to take in to have the front seats reupholstered. I would definitely not take it to them or recommend them to anyone.  POOR WORKMANSHIP AND POOR ATTITUDE!!!
5	Had my 1975 VW bus seats redone and was really impressed.  They were super helpful and confident in their work.  Very high quality and thorough job.  Seats look brand new!!  I'd recommend anyone to this shop.
1	I took 8 items to Bell Auto after being recommended to them by a friend. Needless to say, I ended up getting a refund after returning 6 of the original 8 items because the work was incorrect. I will not return nor will I refer them for upholstery work.
