5	What a find.  In a strip mall nestled between a bank, clothing stores and overnight shipping is Giuseppe's.  A family owned and run establishment where byob is the way to go.  This reminds me of countless small mom and pop's back in The City.  The staff is friendly, the portions sizable and the check small to medium.  In fact, I can't believe I haven't reviewed this restaurant before.  Whether on a date, or with the family, I've never had a bad experience in the dozens of times I've been there.  From the veal parmagian (sp?) to the eggplant, from the fettucine to the spaghetti and meatbeals... mama mia.  It is a small venue, with very limited outdoors seating during good weather.  And the locals know about it, so it gets pretty packed Thursday through Sunday.  The salads and appetizers are delicious as well... If this restaurant had been in Spinal Tap, it would get "an eleven"...
4	I whole-heartedly agree with Shannon W. on this one! Very yummy, hearty homemade Italian fare. And very reasonable prices! That's a big one for me, with a large family and a school-teacher hubby :)Anyway, Giuseppe's is perfect for family gatherings or everyday go-to restaurant. Try the eggplant parmigiana and pasta w/tomato-cream sauce, and definitely save room for dessert! Oh -- and Shannon -- it IS BYOB and there is NO corkage fee.
5	Fantastico! (I don't speak Italian but I'm pretty sure that translates!)I cannot believe it took me so long to make my way to Giuseppe's... I'd heard about it before and driven by that corner of Scottsdale and Thunderbird thousands of times, and little did I know that I was missing out on the cutest, most unpretentious, tiny little restaurant with amazing Italian food ever!  Well, Giuseppe - you've got a new best friend, because I need to make up for all of these years without you!The other yelpers are correct... it is BYOB and no corkage fee.  Although, I have a feeling Giuseppe likes tasting whatever you may happen to bring in :)  I have no problem sharing; especially when I am being served delicious bruschetta, 'Giuseppe's Salad' that contains everything in the kitchen sink except for meat, eggplant parmigiana that melts in your mouth, and pasta cooked al-dente - made to order exactly how you like it!We visited Giuseppe's on a Monday night and the place was packed... I can only imagine what it's like on the weekends.  I assure you, it's worth the wait!  We sampled everything I mentioned above as well as Cioppino, Chicken Parmigiana, Chicken Cacciatore, and homemade tartufa for dessert. Everything was so delicious that we all cleaned our plates... We cleaned them so much that at one point, Giuseppe himself could tell that my brother (who is training for Ironman AZ) and my BF (who just likes to eat) were still hungry, so he brought out an extra plate of yummy perfect pasta with tomato sauce for them.  I've never seen that before!Giuseppe's is open for lunch and dinner daily except for Sunday - I guess everyone deserves one day of rest!  One thing to note is that it's CASH ONLY, so make sure to go to the ATM before you go.  Our dinner was under $25 a person and like I said, we had a ton of food!  I can't wait to go back to visit Giuseppe again soon!
5	Food was great and the prices are reasonable.   I had Chicken parmigiana a meatball and an Italian salad.  I love the atmosphere of this  local family owned restaurant.  It reminds me of an old gangster movie with the checkered table clothes.
5	Family style, friendly, mom&pop, yummy italian restaurant! 5/5This restaurant is definitely one of our fav in town! We are lucky to find it about a year ago. Giuseppe is a family-owned italian restaurant on N. Scottsdale Rd with super friendly services. My favorate dishes there are on their 'chef recommended' menu. The price is higher than the rest of the entrees on the menu but not super expensive. One 'chef-recommended' entree is about $15. Very affortable and you won't dissapointed with the food. My all time fav dish there is a tomato based seafood pasta (only available over the weekends). This restaurant is a BYOW place~ Deserts is amazing too... Yumm...
5	Holy cow, thank you Gabi and Jared for bringing me here for dinner last night! I cannot believe I lived in North Scottsdale for a year and didn't know about this place....I'm so sad! When I walked in I felt instantly at home, this place could easily be in my hometown.  Everyone was so friendly and seemed to know each other.  We were able to choose our table and got comfortable.  (Its very small and I'd imagine gets busy at times)  It is indeed BYOB with no corking fee.  The menu is simple but has all the staples an Italian restaurant should have at the prices these dishes should be priced at.  The garlic bread was good, the baked ziti was divine.  It reminded me exactly of the baked ziti I used to get at the local place in my hometown and was prepared just how I like it....very light on the ricotta, heavy on the mozzarella.  The cannoli I had for dessert was fantastic. Giuseppe's is exactly what you are looking for when you want the kind of Italian meal you had growing up on the East Coast.
5	Pretty sure we met the whole family last time we were in. Never been to Italy but when I do, I expect the food will equate. The food is fantastic but a bit steep for pasta and tomato sauce. Notables: Cash OnlyGreat place if you don't mind an arrogant waiter every once in a whileThey don't serve alcohol but I hear they charge $0 to uncork.
5	Staff: GreatAtmosphere: GreatFood:  GRANDBYOW (free?!):  Nuff said.The special bean salad was amazing, the zucchini parmigiana was almost pure bliss, and my husband's spaghetti had two meatballs nearly the size of his fist.Good thing this place isn't closer.  We'd be broke.  :)
5	SO GOOD!  I love this place!  They have fantastic pasta and sauces!  Both the tomato and alfredo are amazing. My favorite item on the menu is their stuffed peppers and it comes with a side of pasta, so it's the perfect lunch.  I go here about 3 times a month for lunch... and have for the last year!The family that owns the restaurant is super nice too... and they have a cute waiter that my friends like to look at when we go here.  Gotta love Italian men!
5	We brought the entire family to Giuseppe's last night for a pre-Thanksgiving meal... yes, that's right - my family likes to carb up for all of the eating we do today!  We brought a ton of wine and had a great time.  Franco was our waiter - and I'm guessing since all the ladies at the table had a crush on him, that he is the waiter Sheila B wrote about in her review too.  Nice eye candy!I absolutely love the eggplant rollatini and pretty much order it every visit.  We usually start with a Giuseppe's Salad and finish with a dessert to share.  My favorite is the white chocolate tartufa.Pasquale (pictured above) is the sweetest man and makes the experience extra special every single time.  Since I'm writing this review on Thanksgiving, I want to give thanks to Pasquale and Ristorant Giuseppe for all the good times I've had there and all of the good times to come!  Salud!
1	The buzz of the microwave, the rude service, the pretentious cash only policy at a restaurant with 15.00 entrees, lots of syscofood product cans in eye view, The food here realy sucks, but if your lucky enough to get a kitchen view, all you will hear is the hum and dings of the microwave... The manager/server wen I asked him what he reccomended.. he got quite coindescending with me.."Never ask that question, they wil just push what is getting old"  what a complete douschbag.. I dined here 3 months ago.. saw this review, and had to speak my peace...
5	Love!That is all.
5	I moved to central PHX 15 tears ago and fell in love with Giuseppe's Eggplant Parmesan subs when they were located on Indian School rd. After moving several times and finally settling in to the 85254 neighborhood, I was elated to find the new Giuseppe's at the Scottsdale Rd/Thunderbird location.This place is THE BEST Italian restaurant this side of Chicago! You can pay more at the "other" Italian restaurant a few doors down, but nothing beats the family recipes at Giuseppe's that make these meals delectable. Bottom line, this place makes the best sauce in town!The veal, the eggplant rolletini and the eggplant parmesan will all satisfy you and make you want to return again and again!Their desserts are mouth watering and their prices fair. The fact that you can bring your own bottle of wine with no cork fee is even better!I also LOVE the fact that the family is warm and friendly and speaks Italian to all of the other Italian families visiting the restaurant.This restaurant has a very Chicago/East Coast Italian feel....warm, inviting and mouth watering!!PS-The Mrs. makes FABULOUS cannoli's!! Mangia!!!
5	perfect european portions, tasty food, true italians (still speak italian). i love it here, too bad my waistline would expand entirely too much....
5	This place simply rocks.  Great Italian food, very good prices and you can bring your own bottle of wine.  The pasta tastes fresh every time we go here, and the portion size is perfect.  Not too much and not too little.
3	I was super excited to try this place out, but the no corkage fee was the only A+ plus for me.  We started with the bruschetta.  For $10.95 we got the fresh tomato and basil special .  4 large toasts, not a lot for the price.  More topppings and a lot larger at Postino for 2 bucks more.  I stayed optimistic though.  My side salad came, good price of $2.95.  Ice berg lettuce with one olive and a tomato.  I guess this is all you can expect.  Then the main courses.  We had a variety eggplant, pork, lasagna, Alex special, 3 @ $15.95.  The portions were very small.  I'm in agreement with the below, they are European portions, and almost filling, but not for $15.95!  I hate to say it, but I would rather head to Carabba's and get 3 times as much food for the same price.  And I'm not even a chain person.  I just finished ice cream at home and my fiance is chowing down on chips.  Not what I expected!
1	This is short.8:30 PM, Saturday night, calling Giuseppe...."ring"...."ring" "RESTORANTE GIUSEPPE!", "Hi what's your current wait??", "KITCHEN IN CLOSED", 'CLICK'.Your shitting me right?8:30 on a Saturday, give me a break. I won't even consider trying it now no matter how good it is, another great example of modern day lazy american business operations.
5	Finally...good Italian food in Phoenix! And, I'm a little hesitant to write about how great this place is as it is already super busy, but it is awesome! It is super small , which can result in quite a wait, especially on the weekends, but well worth it! (They are also awesome for takeout as well). It is also currently BYOB with no corkage fee! From the minute you meet Pasquale and the rest of the guys there, you know you have found something great! Definitely go with their recommendations as I have loved them all and I have also really enjoyed the Red Clam sauce, which is next to impossible to find here in AZ that is worth eating! The cannoli's...amazing! Also, they are accommodating for people with gluten allergies. They will either adjust one of their meat/pork entrees to work for you or you can ask about bringing in your own, unopened bag of GF pasta. I do have to caution you that when it is super busy, they aren't always able to accommodate when you bring your own pasta, so just be sure you are good with the back up plan! Can't wait to go again, but don't foget to bring cash as they don't take credit/debit cards and they do close at 8:30pm!!
2	Not worth the wait. From the reviews I was expecting more.  Pasta over cooked not much sauce and really just not worth it.....sorry!
5	A great little ma and pa restaurante with big flavor! The restaurant is small, very casual and I could tell the owners are very family oriented. The entire family helps out at the place at some point or another and are very friendly and their hospitality was a nice change. The food however, was even better... Alessandro's special is essentially a chicken piccata... the chicken was a bit dry, but the sauce was well prepared, it had just the right amount of citrus and capers and not overly sour or salty like most other places prepare it. The eggplant dish was awesome! Normally, the eggplant parmesan I get  is a little mushy, but it wasn't too dry or soggy here. What else can I say? I love this place.
5	After walking around the Desert Botanical Garden this past Saturday night we were starving and my mom had this place in mind for dinner. With a bottle of Campaign in a cooler pack (love BYOB) we pulled up at 9:00 pm to find a closed sign at the door. We asked if we could still come in for dinner and they took us in. I do find 9pm a little early to be closing on a Saturday, but I didn't care. I had a table, a drink, and it smelled good. Hot bread was brought over with garlic & herb butter. Great start to the meal. I ordered the chicken parmesan and they gave me a side of the Alex Pasta. It was all de-lish! The portions are generous and while the dessert menu looked good, we were stuffed. Guess I need to save room next time.FYI- cash only!
4	We were greeted at the door with some friendly heckling by the manager as we entered and the good natured ribbing continued throughout the meal.The food was simple and delicious, warm bread with garlic butter, meat ravioli with red sauce and some lovely veal parm.  I was a fan of the portion sizes since I'll eat what is in front of me despite fullness at times.  The smell of the kitchen was a wonderful compliment to the meal and the wait staff was gracious and cheerful.  For the sizes of the meals it felt a little expensive, but everything tasted freshly made with vibrant flavors so I forgave the price a little.
5	Such an amazing atmosphere, food is amazing, bring your own wine, entire staff is great!
4	My coworkers and I tried this place out on a whim one night when we wanted some good Italian cooking, and we successfully satisfied our cravings with Giuseppe's - we totally loved it! Ok, ok, 99% of that could be due to the FREE CORKAGE that they offer (and I'm a sucker for free corkage), but it's also an adorably quintessential, family-owned Italian place that isn't fussy but serves great food.We walked into the restaurant (located in a little strip mall - like I said, not fussy) and were seated immediately by a window. It wasn't until we asked for a wine menu and were informed that it was BYOB that we figured out the whole free corkage thing...never one to turn down such an offer, I promptly solicited the help of my PDA to see if I could find somewhere nearby that would sell us a bottle, and thankfully Epicurean Wine & Cafe came to our rescue! They recently opened around the corner on Thunderbird and were more than willing to recommend a good wine for our Italian food, so I gotta give them props - make a stop by here before going to Giuseppe's as they have some unusual California wines that I've rarely seen outside SoCal.Anyway, for dinner I ordered their tortellini special, which was some chicken pesto with cheese, etc. deliciousness...after I finished I was almost embarrassed at how quickly I ate the entire dish of pasta, but it was just so yummy! It was a dish that just oozed the love that was put into making it. One of my coworkers also ordered the spaghetti, which she said was great as well. Be forewarned, though - they don't accept credit cards, so you might need to stop by an ATM beforehand.Somehow I have the feeling that anything we could have ordered would have been great...and cheap! I definitely want to come back for another taste!
5	The best Italian around. i went a few weeks ago with my girlfriend (mainly because of the byob) we couldn't believe how great it was. i had an assortment  of home made pastas that were to die for. price i thought prices were a little high but reasonable  after realizing we drank our 30 dollar bottle of wine which would of cost us close to $75 if bought at a different restaurant,  not for the average fat American looking to throw down a pound of pasta and sauce.
4	4.5 Stars.I had the linguini with clam.  The pasta was a bit soft as I prefer al dente but it was still tasty and the sauce was delicious.  My friend thought his meal was good but not excellent.  I would go back for sure.
4	I grew up eating Pasquale's food along with, when I had saved room, his wife's incredible desserts. The charm of the owner and the conviviality that is found in his restaurant always made it a real treat to eat there. Most of these happy memories occurred while he was at the location on 28th St. and Indian School... Which is no longer under his control. This location is where the talent that originated 'Giuseppe's on 28th' ended up. The food here is absolutely delicious. Not a fancy, pretentious place, just consistently great food. BYOB with no fancy interior, this place defies so many Scottsdale norms it should seemingly fail. It's usually got a good many people in it, because I'm not the only one that knows, I'm just sharing the knowledge with all my Yelpin' peeps :]I'm yelping this here restaurant because I feel I have to right a wrong. You see, the Giuseppe's on 28th [why did they let them keep the name? I'll never know] was featured the Food TV show "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives." Cashing in on the reputation built by Pasquale, these guys overcharge for crappy renditions of the dishes I grew up loving. If you really want to see the difference, try the eggplant parmesan sandwich at both locations. Really there can be no comparison. Or the rich, artery-clogging Alfredo sauce... Oh god just writing about it is making me realize I need to go back soon.So, I put it to you, my fellow yelpers... Can you give this place a try and tell me if I'm right? I admit there's a chance I could be over-romanticizing due to my childhood experiences... But everyone I've brought here has been equally enamored with the food and with Pasquale.
3	I found this place by accident as it is tucked into the side of a small strip.  There is another place in the same strip but on the other end called Arivaderci....Don't ever go there....Their food is just bad....I only mention them to ensure there is no going to the wrong place!!  When I arrived at Giuseppe, I walked in the door and the inside was full but the outside patio area was completely empty.  As I appraoached the counter, the gentleman just said what can we do for you.....I was a little taken aback as I did not know how to answer that.  I figured usually when you walk into a restaurant, they say how many and seat you.  I literally said that I was there for dinner.  He then said I could sit out the patio if I wanted to.  So that is where I went.  I waited for  a while and a waiter finally appeared and took my drink order. Then came back witha menu.  He brought bread (which was totally dry and the "herbed" butter was no more than butter with some parsley in it) and my drink and was gone again.  When he finally came back, I ordered meat ravioli.  That was brought out by someone else....I never saw my waiter again.  I had to wave through the window to get someone's attention to get my check....OK, the raviloi's were good, but the service sucked.  I guess I had to be one of the "elite" customers inside to get anyone to even bring me another drink...I will probably attempt to go here again (I always like to give places a couple of chances before I totally discard them. )  First impressions are important.   Oh, and btw, the tines on my fork were so bent that I ended up having to press it against the table so I could use the fork....It is definitely "down home" Italian.  One last thing, my name starts and ends with a vowel and has a vowel in the middle.....So I know great Italian....This is not great, but is pretty good. The prices are not all that wonderful either...Small portions for the price.One thing no one mentioned....this is a cash only place, so no credit cards or checks.....Maybe it has something to do with tax collection...HMMMMM?
4	Adorable Italian family making amazing Italian food.  The owner and his wife and sons are total sweethearts and produce some unsuspectingly great Italian food in a strip mall in North Scottsdale.
4	My husband and one year old son dined here on a Saturday night. Service was great, food was delicious, and the BYOB was much appreciated! Staff was very accomodating with our baby. :)
4	What a great way to spend an evening. Good friends, Good wine (BYOB,W) and great food. Giuseppe is the key to the whole dining experience. He will personally make sure that you are enjoying yourself. Makes you feel like you've been part of the neighborhood for years.Doesn't charge a decorking fee but MAKE SURE you have enough wine for the boss.It's a small restaurant that adds to the cozy dining experience but the food is definitely big time. Bring an appetite. Portions are tasty and generous. My personal favorite is Pasta Alex. A little bit spicy. Just the way i like it. Everyone who visits me from back east gets to have dinner at Giuseppe's. Manhattans Little Italy and the Bronx Arthur Avenues would be proud of this place.
2	My biggest gripe with this place is that the prices are so far out of whack with what you get.This is a family owned strip mall restaurant that would be quite a find if the prices were about half of what they are.  The food here is pretty good but not the best I've ever had.  The place looks and feels like a budget Italian restaurant (plastic tablecloths, paper napkins, cheap furniture, cheesy decor).  The portions are pretty small too -- I'm a skinny guy but I was still hungry when I finished eating.  And yet, dinner for two (just two pasta entrees + soft drinks) cost north of $40 before the tip.  And yes, that's no appetizers, no salads, no deserts, and no exotic ingredients.  Just not worth the price they're charging.
4	We went here last night for my brothers b-day. We have heard great things about this place and were very excited. We get there and there was two cars in the parking lot. We almost left and went somewhere else just cause it was 6pm on a sat. night and  we were not sure about it. At the end of the strip mall there is a wine store and bar, so we grabbed 2 bottels of wine and  we went in and sat down( This is a BYOB place). We started off with an antipasto and bread and it was great. Loaded with ham, salami, prosciutto, capocollo, green beans artichoke hearts and fresh mozzarella and tomatoes. By this time the resaurant was getting busy. Also the owner came in about 6:45 or so and thats when things got fun. His name is Pasquale and he treats everybody like they are family. He is very nice and very funny. We started to notice that everyone there were regulars. And now we can seee why. I dont care what you say customer service is very important and it will keep people comming back. For dinner everyone tried something different so we could all try everything. I ordered the stuffed tortellini. It was stuffed with chicken, ricota cheese and in a tomato cream sauce. This sauce was friggin awesome. The linguini with clams in a  white sauce was delish. The meetballs, sausage & peppers was great and the stuffed peppers were to die for. My mom got the Chicken Parmigiana it was huge and it was great and very moist inside.  All the desserts are made fresh by Pasquale's wife. We tried the chocolate cake, tiramisu, and the cannoli. All the desserts were so good and you knew they were fresh. This place is a great little place and you will feel at home. Its small inside and not fancy at all, they except cash only and it is a BYOB restaurant. Great food and even better prices. If you meet Pasquale ask about his special apron, but only if your not easily offended. lol
5	My boyfriend found this place when we were trying to figure out our last minute late dinner New Years plans. We had a 8:30 reservation and we were seated as soon as we walked in.They offered no corkage fee, which is a nice plus, and had a set menu for New Years. $30 per person for 5 courses including a small dessert. Each course came out at a good time, our server was really watching and taking care of us.I really enjoyed the food, the pasta and sauces were all amazing, and it was really great atmosphere. You could tell everyone who was in there was a regular, they all said goodbye to the staff as they left. We closed the place down at 10:30, but they didnt seem annoyed or that they were trying to rush us.Excellent service and overall experience, we will be back and making this recommendation to others.
2	Went back and it turned out to be delicious! Will def be back!!!! :)
4	Awesome food! Prices were terrific and you can bring your own wine or beer. I love this place!
4	Where has Ristorante Giuseppe been all my life??  Family-owned atmosphere, great food, and BYOB with no corking fee?  Sold!I checked out this place for a date night last Friday, and was really quite tickled with the entire experience.  I had been to Arrivederci, an Italian restaurant in the same complex, for lunch several times before and never even noticed this small place just a few doors down.  While the atmosphere isn't cool, trendy or romantic, it feels warm, inviting and down-to-earth.  There was definitely an energy in the place that let you know you were among friends-of-Giuseppe's, and I liked that; it felt like we were discovering a well-loved secret.We split the Giuseppe Salad to start, which was a pretty standard (eh) Italian-style salad that served two.  After some bread/garlic butter, we also split a pasta dish (rigatoni + tomato cream sauce + spinach and chicken) and the homemade tiramisu for dessert (was the best tiramisu I have ever had, and though it was smaller than most portions I have seen, it hit the spot).  I think our entire bill was ~$32, and I thought it was a great value.  Also, heads up -- CASH ONLY, no cards!I liked the huge variety on the menu, but didn't realize all the mix-and-match possibilities until our server talked us through it -- so if it's your first time going, I would definitely let them know and ask them to take you through the menu.  I will definitely be going back to this spot to try to worm my way into Giuseppe's extended family  :-)
4	YUM!  Good people, good food, good prices.  Like eating with family! (if only I spoke another language!!!)Oh, it's BYO, and they only take cash.  Be prepared, and you're gonna luv it!
4	This is a great little family run Italian restaurant in a strip mall.  Don't let the location or decor steer you away, the food is really quite good.  While the place is rather small and usually pretty crowded, we have never had to wait too long.  There is no alcohol available but you can BYOB and they don't charge a corkage fee.  Make sure to bring cash as it's the only way you can pay.  The prices are fairly reasonable however and portions are certainly adequate but usually not obnoxious.  The owner has always been very personable on our visits and you'll likely be waited on by one of his sons.  Even though we are from out of town we always feel as if they remember us.  My son LOVES their meatballs (they are huge).  The eggplant is good too and try the Tiramisu; I believe the owner's wife makes many of the desserts.  As for pasta dishes, we usually just tell the waiter what we are in the mood for and they recommend something.  We've never been disappointed.
5	I want to go back...but it's too far away!  This place is a little gem in Scottsdale and I recommend it if you want a good meal, served in a family run, casual environment.Our waiter was one of the family, and the pride and care he showed should make his parents proud.  He waited on us (all 13 of us!) like he was our friend.  As a lot of the reviews mention, it's BYOB and they do not accept credit cards, so it's a little out of the norm by today's dining out standards.  But don't let this dissuade.We started out with Chicken Bruschetta...and wow is all I can muster.  I had Eggplant Rollatini for dinner, and my mouth is watering just thinking about it now.  It was the perfect balance of Eggplant, spinach, cheese and sauce.  We were celebrating two birthday's which were celebrated with Canolli's and a little tiramisu.If you are in the area...go to Ristorante Giuseppe!
4	Mmmmm  mmmmm mmmmm.  OMG.  Where do I start? When I was little, we lived next door to an old Italian couple.  The wife would cook "gravy" every week and once in awhile she would invite us over to have some pasta and gravy.  Well, let just say, eating pasta at Giuseppe's was like visiting my childhood all over again.  I hadn't had gravy like this since I was a kid.  This place was so good that I went there two days in a row last week.  The menu is very simple and the pasta is cooked to al dente perfection.  On my first trip, I ordered chicken parm with a side of mostaciolli.    The second trip we tried the Pasta Alex which was very good and the Italian sausage.  They made up plates of spaghetti with butter and parm for the kids.  It is very kid friendly.  And on the way out, my kids were given complimentary Italian ices from the owner Pasquale.   Love this place!!!!  Oh, and it is BYOB!!!  :)
4	Someone recommended Giuseppe's on Thunderbird and Scottsdale (not on Indian School!!- Some reviewers definitely are confusing the two!).  I drove over and ordered an Eggplant Parmagiana hero.  To me,  Eggplant (and meatballs)  are a good indicator of a good restaurant.  Good eggplant, good food.   I took the sandwich home and it was unbelievably good, if not great.  I paid only 7.50 with tax.  Next, I will order the meatballs.  but I am REALLY impressed with the Eggplant.  I understand that it's BYOB  with no corkage fee.  Will have dinner there as well.  Trust me, as an experienced NY Italian food eater, this is the real deal.  So happy to have found this place--finally great eggplant!
5	Everything we wanted and more in an intimate Italian restaurant.  The service was prompt as we entered and were immediately seated.  My first surprise was that they did not serve wine - BYOW.  My wife ordered the special Cannoli served under a white cream sauce.  I chose a custom agli olio dish with a little extra zip.  Our salad course was delicious.  The lettuce actually crunched as we ate it - by far the freshest we have had in any Italian restaurant.  Our pasta dishes were just as fresh and delicious.We spent quite a bit of time with the owner Giuseppe talking about our upcoming trip to Italy and he proved to be a wealth of knowledge and advice.Before leaving, he treated us to a very special traditional after dinner Limoncello - a perfect ending to a perfect meal.
5	This place was amazing! After reading the reviews on here, I was nervous that I would get my hopes up and be let down.  So glad we decided to take a chance on this little hole in the wall.I have to say, this restaurant has the best pasta dishes I've had in the states.  I can honestly only recall one other pasta dish I had that was better, and that was in Florence, Italy.The waiter was great, very kind.  Service was incredibly prompt.  He made some great recommendations to us on which dish to choose.The atmosphere of the place is the only part where I think they might be able to improve, and they wouldn't have to do much.  It's still great- small, family owned/operated, byob was very fun; I just felt that if they perhaps dressed it up just a bit with the decor it would add more sparkle to this gem.  But I loved how it was so small, only a handful of tables, very relaxed and casual.Overall- best Italian food in AZ, especially for the price.  I will absolutely be returning.
4	I knew this restaurant was, as my friend would say, "legit," because a) the cooks in the back were speaking Italian and b) our server was in an Italia jersey. While I automatically assumed they were speaking Spanish, once I realized I didn't understand what they were saying, my anticipation level spiked. My husband and I both ordered the Cioppino which was the special of the night and it was fantastic. It was chock-full of seafood, mussels, clams, squid, baby octopus--amazing! The best part, someone, maybe the owner? came over to our table and offered my husband an extra serving, talk about service! The second best part, the homemade cheesecake for dessert. This restaurant is such a gem. The next time I go, I'll make sure I don''t forget a bottle of vino (no corking fee).
5	Amazing. Felt like I was eating a restaurant owned by my family.  Wish we had one in Houston.  Believe the reviews, this place is great.BYOWine!
5	I can't believe I have never tried this place until now. It's the best Italian Restaurant I have found since I've left upstate NY. It's a small little mom and pop place that's family owned. The chicken parmigiana, baked ziti, lasagna, and antipasto were yummy. Very tasty tomato sause.The restaurant is BYOB and cash only but it's a must DINE!!
5	**BYOB**Ristorante Giuseppe is a tiny little restaurant that's only open for a few hours - and if you're lucky enough to beat the rush and get a table you will never forget it.  The staff really treats you like family, without all the bickering... The food is FABULOUS and the specials are special for a reason.  The price isn't really bad for the quality of food you're getting. Oh, did I mention their desserts?  OMG - don't leave this place without ordering at least two items from the dessert menu.
3	From what I read on Yelp, I was expecting a great meal.  From the standpoint of an experience, Ristorante Giuseppe is fantastic.  It is a tiny family-owned place with an unforgettable wait staff.  Also, it's BYOB with no corkage fee, which is a huge plus in my eyes.  It feels like you're dining in someone's house, great family atmosphere.  The menu is very simple, your classical Italian fare.  Priced at about $15 an entree, I expected excellent food.  I had the cioppino and was very disappointed.  Granted, I spend half my time in the Bay Area and have access to the freshest seafood.  Still, this was clearly average ingredients being used.  Also, there was significantly too much pasta in my dish (as opposed to a true cioppino, which is more a seafood stew).  My group also ordered the chicken parmigiana (again, decent but not great) and the pork ribs parmigiana (a very interesting dish I had not seen before).  Also had the soup of the day which was excellent, the highlight of the food.This is a good change of pace, a nice hole in the wall restaurant with a dedicated group of regulars who know the owners well.  However, the food is not as good as one might expect from previous Yelp reviews.  Maybe I caught them on a bad day, but I will not be returning anytime soon.Also, it loses points from the shocking number of smokers right outside the restaurant.  We ate outside, and several guests regularly took smoke breaks about 12 feet from our table.  This was not the best complement to the dining experience.
4	Excellent place. Can't beat BYOB with no corkage fee and fresh Italian food. Definitely recommend!!
4	My Husband and I took my Grandma to Ristorante Giuseppe this evening.  Since it was a weeknight after a storm there was practically no one there, which was fine by me since I already knew this place could get crowded (based on other yelp reviews).  My Husband and I shared the one of the pasta specials, which was baked ziti with all sorts of meats.  It was creamy, cheesy, meat filled goodness.  We also had a salad and garlic bread, which was also unique since it had a kick.  My Grandma had the pork parmigiana, she loved it.Overall, this is a small Mom and Pop shop and it was VERY good.  It's always nice to support great places like Ristorante Giuseppe that are family owned and have great authentic food!
4	Went back and needless to say, I am impressed! It was all delicious! Love the pasta Alex!
5	This place it the real deal! Pasquale and his family will provide you with amazing hospitality as you eat some of the most authentic Italian food you can get outside of Italy. Meatballs the size of a softball, pasta cooked to a perfect al dente and amazingly fresh ingredients make this place shine. My favorites..Peperonata for appetizer and the pasta Alex for a main. They only take cash here, but it is BYOB and no corkage fee which is fantastic. Our server was telling us that his mother made all of the desserts and boy were they delicious. The New York Cheesecake was the table favorite. It was so smooth and creamy and had the perfect moisture and texture. Bring an empty stomach and be ready to have a great time at Ristorante Giuseppe's!
4	Only two surprises about this place.The price was less than we thought and the food was as good as any cafe in Milan.John
5	Food was authentic and yummy. It was very inexpensive and you can bring your own wine!! What a concept. No cork fees either.
4	Ristorante Giuseppe is pretty much everything it's cracked up to be based on previous reviews. My wife and I arrived about twenty minutes after the restaurant opened. Within fifteen minutes, the place was packed so I suggest arriving early if you want a table. The interior of the establishment is rather small and there are about eight tables outside.My wife wanted to order the veal parmesan, however, we were informed that the veal is served in patty form rather than scallopini so my wife ordered eggplant parmesan instead. The eggplant was thinly sliced, very tender, and delicious. The sauce was not overly acidic and the portion was perfect. A ziti with sauce is served on the side. Had the ziti not been slightly underdone, I would have given this establishment a 5-star rating. I had the house special - Pasta Alex. This was served in a light cream sauce with Italian sausage pieces and had a spicy kick to it which I really liked. This dish is like Italian crack! My wife and I devoured every last bite and would have licked the plate if we did not have manners!As other reviews have stated, there is no corking fee. Some guy even brought in a 12-pack of beer to enjoy (Coors Light? Couldn't you have brought in something better than THAT?)Our waiter was very pleasant and the owner and his son came by frequently to see if everything was okay. I highly recommend Ristorante Giuseppe and will definitely visit this place often!
4	This was good. Really good. Not quote 5 stars, but really good. I ordered the special, which was pork Saltimboca. It was declious. Full of of flavor, and plentiful. I wasn't horribly impressed with the pasta that came on the side - pretty run of the mill boxed pasta. The pork was mostly very tender, but had a few tough/dry pieces. The delicious flavor made up for the few pieces of dry pork though. My girlfriend ordered the Fettucine alfredo, and it was really good. There was plenty of sauce on the pasta, and I helped sop up the left over alfredo at the end with the garlic bread we ordered. The garlic bread was overcooked and burned, which is one of my pet peeves. The price was reasonable. I would go back, but I wouldn't consider it to be the best value in town.
4	When I hear the name Giuseppe I picture a little old man in the kitchen making spaghetti and meatballs like his grandmother used to make. So I was surprised when I found out that there isn't anyone named Giuseppe working in the back, though this wasn't the only surprise of the evening. The other little curve ball was a little embarrassing, we were scrambling to scrape together enough money to pay the bill, Ristorante Giuseppe only takes cash. However, this little stumble did not interfere with the food nor the fantastic service and hospitality we received. Ristorante Giuseppe is what a mom and pop independent restaurant is all about. The charismatic father runs the front of the house, the sons are the servers and mom makes all of the desserts. The father Pasquale interacts with everyone, he's so warm and welcoming it was like going to a friends home for dinner. While they do not serve liquor, you're more than welcome to bring your own beer and wine to accompany your dinner and no corkage fee, unbelievable. The menu is filled with classic Italian-American dishes and as well as assorted daily specials. Our server was telling us about the specials and noticed that his eyes were steel blue. I'm not sure how long he was talking to us but as soon as he walked away my trance was broken; I have no idea what he said. I can be such a dork.Once you place your order you're brought out a basket of warm bread with garlic butter, I love little touches like this. Just be careful not to fill up on the fluffy bread, there's so much in store starting with the deliciously simple Eggplant Rollatini ($9.75). Slices of eggplant are lined with cheese, covered in bread crumbs and pan fried, then the roll ups are covered with tomato sauce and cheese. Or if you loved stewed peppers and onions try the Peperonata ($6.95), a great combination of sweet, savory with just a hint of spice. My dining companions filled me in on the nightly specials which ended up being a couple of pasta dishes. The first was the Peppino Special ($15.95), a mix of tube pasta, alfredo and tomato sauces with meatballs, chicken and sausage then covered with cheese and baked. Another was the big brother to the tortellini called Tortelloni ($15.95), a large ring shaped pasta, filled with meat then again covered in sauce, cheese and baked. Do you see the trend here? Baked pasta dishes are so hearty and satisfying; no wonder the other patrons looked so happy. Along side we also had Sausages ($1.95) and Meatballs ($1.95) which were platted as a clever homage to the maleness of the restaurant, with just a little bit of cream sauce on the tip of each sausage, well you get the idea. Desserts were as comforting and homey like the creamy smooth Cheesecake ($3.95) which ended up being one of the best slices of cheesecake I've had in a very long time. Not being a fan of Cannoli ($3.95) Id have to say that they turned me into a believer. Its ricotta filling was so light and airy with just the right amount of chocolate chips and a pastry shell that was crisp without a trace of greasiness. Genuine and honest, Ristorante Giuseppe is a neighborhood gem that I wish was in my neighborhood.
5	I have only been here once, but I cannot wait to go back. My favorite part was the atmosphere. Cheesecake is awesome, the food was so authentic (no Olive Garden menu here!), and the owners even went table to table to chat with everyone. Very busy, but still a great experience.You should try it at least once. Bring cash!
2	I took my girlfriend here for our first Valentine's Day together. I was looking for my "Lady and the Tramp meatball moment." Instead, I came away underwhelmed. I believe much of my issues stem from the prix fixe menu that was available, but there were other problems as well. The service was average at best. I forget our servers name, but she rattled off the entrees, brought us our bread, and then expected us to order. We were both a little shocked. Personally, I felt rushed all evening and I had to work against the servers to slow the evening down. The ambience was less than ideal. Italian music played oh-so-faintly in the background. The lights were up all the way. No candles on any of the tables. We at least got the wine glasses promptly (though the provided wine key had a really loose hinge), though our wine was so-so (a custom labeled zinfandel I had got from a different place. Great label, average wine). These issues were important to setting the mood for the evening, but we still had to eat. I had high expectations for the food, especially given the large number of very positive reviews from other Yelpers. However, the food did not live up to expectations. The gnocchi I ordered was pillowy soft, exactly the way it's supposed to be, with wonderfully flavorful sauce. Alli's dish, a chicken piccata, was long on chicken, short of pasta, and the lemon sauce was only okay. In short, the presentation needed work. Again, I think the problems with the food stemmed from the prix fixe menu. Under normal circumstances, I'm sure Ristorante Guiseppe serves wonderful, authentic, full-blooded Italian food, but this time, the experience felt rushed, cheap, and quick. In summation: not the Valentine's Day ambience one is trying to create.I am very willing to give it another shot, but I would not recommend Ristorante Guiseppe for a special occasion.
2	Decided to go here after reading the great reviews but was terribly disappointed in the service.  Waited 40 minutes for a table when for 30 of those minutes we stared at 3 empty tables just waiting for people to be sat at them- they remained empty while my party and 4 other parties waited the full 40 minutes wondering why those tables were remaining empty. We were finally sat and waited another 10 minutes before we were even acknowledged by the server who clearly was more interested in socializing with the other staff members than with providing good customer service to his tables. We finally placed our order after flagging down the server via another employee. We then waited another 45 minutes for our food before the waiter returned and blamed the delay on something that was "beyond his control" and it would be another few minutes,We were so annoyed at this point that we told the manager to just box the food up and we would take it to go. To their credit they were apologetic and even threw in 2 free desserts. However, the damage was already done. I guess I would give this place one more chance only because of the great Yelp reviews but I would make for darn sure that we do not get the same waiter with his head in his ass. We ate the food in our hotel room (we are from out of state) is was pretty decent.
3	Let me start this by saying that the place is ok. The food is decent and the prices are ok....maybe a little on the high side for some of the dishes considering the location in an old strip mall.  However, my judgement of their prices must take into consideration the plethora of overpriced mediocre pretentious restaurants in the Kierland area.   My experience with Italian food is from growing up in San Francisco and eating at the neighborhood Italian joints, including those in North Beach. Also I have traveled Italy extensively.I had the Spaghetti with Meat Sauce and one meatball.  The soup was pasta e faggioli.  We also had an order of garlic bread.The soup was ok. The pasta in it was rigattoni that was properly al dente. That was promising.  The beans had the right consistency as well. The soup however, was not quite as hearty or flavorful as I've had in the past. Still, I would recommend it.  I'd give it a 5 out of 10.The spaghetti noodles were of decent quality and just slightly past al dente.  Perhaps it's because americans like their pasta a little bit softer. The pasta I've had in Italy was really al dente.  The sauce was tangy but there was really little meat. I thought it was plain sauce until my wife pointed out a few spots of meat. To me, that's not really a meat sauce.  I like a sauce that has a bit of a kick to it.  This was more of a tangy  crushed tomato sauce. So overall the dish was a 5 out of 10.The meatball had a lot of filler in it. It tasted good but you could taste the filler. But the bottom line was it tasted ok.  I'd give it a solid 5 out of 10.The garlic bread was bad. Do NOT order the garlic bread. First of all, the bread was plain bread shaped like a roll. That's not proper. Get some good sourdough with a good crust at least.  There was very little garlic taste and it was not toasted enough.  Go to Ernesto's on 24th and Clement in San Francisco. They make GREAT garlic bread and it comes complimentary.The service was earnest but plainly there is not enough wait staff. On a Sunday night, there was only the cook, one waitress/busgirl and one server/greeter.  It took forever to get our check. They were nice but plainly overworked. The solution would be to hire one more waiter.Ambiance is meh.  It's an oasis considering the horrible shopping center it's in. But it's not North Beach Capp's Corner.  Throw some candles on the table at least. Spice the place up.Clearly though, this restaurant has a following. It's usually crowded. I guess people need a casual place to eat away from the silicon breast and botox crowd over at Kierland Commons.I will return again to try some of their other dishes and report back.
4	It's not fancy, but solid, basic Italian food at good prices and the servers were very nice.  The meatballs that people rave about were just "ok" to us.   If not for the BYOB policy on wine, I would've give it a 3 star rating, but we took a really good Pinot that would've cost a ton at restaurant prices.Get there early or be ready to wait on a weekend.   Also bring cash - no credit cards!
1	I just got back from Giuseppe's and I am absolutely amazed that people gave it the reviews they did. We went there in large part because of the Yelp reviews and learned that I need to take the reviews with a grain of salt (if I could find any salt left, since it all seemed to go into my meal). However, I did observe the owner and one of the servers greeting gastronomically-challenged regulars with hugs and kisses as the tacky Italian tourist music (some ditty with a chorus that went something like "iggedy biggedy boom") blared in the background.Perhaps those unfamiliar with the wonderful restaurants Scottsdale has to offer were overwhelmed by the aforementioned music, the plastic red and white checkered table "cloths", the largely-abandoned strip mall, the rumble from motorcycles on Scottsdale Road (it is Cycle Week this week - yahoo!) or the roar of planes landing a few hundred yards away at Scottsdale Airport.The menu itself is significantly less than uninspiring - something you'd expect at a Papa Gino's (though the food may be better there) versus an "authentic" Italian restaurant. My wife had a seafood "special" that smelled and tasted like it came out of a can. Perhaps it did, but if it didn't, shame on Giuseppe for turning fresh ingredients into a stomach-turning mess. Her meal was very bland, so I suppose the canned flavor gave it some distinction.I had a chicken and pasta dish with their self-acclaimed tomato and fresco sauce. The vegetables were mushy, but that was the least of its problems.There were a few positive points to this place that we will never go back to. The server and the owner were both very nice, so I suppose their not throwing the foot at us or uttering obscenities was worth one star. And the garlic bread and chive butter for the regular bread were pretty good, so if you want to pay $40 to just be able to talk about the bread, go knock yourself out.Lastly, they only accept cash. I guess they do that so that you can't dispute the charge with the credit card company. Best I can tell, that's the one smart move they've made at Giuseppe's.
5	The food is absolutely wonderful, service is quick and friendly.  I felt like family and will go back.  They have many traditional specialties on the menu but also have daily and unique specials.  The Eggplant Rolotini and the Pork Cacciatore are amazing.  Franco makes our visits special.
4	Good find in Scottsdale. Family run Italian food with good prices and servings appropriate to the price. In other words, not too much and not too little. Mostly pasta dishes served in tasty sauces. The Meat Ravioli's were very good and the Stuffed Shells were excellent, and both reasonably priced in the $10-$12 range, with a side link of Mild italian Sausage for under $2. The Bruscetta appetizer special was $5, and came with 4 sliced of toasted bread with ripe tomatoes, basil and fresh Parmesan, with a delicious olive oil drizzle.The restaurant has the feel of an upscale pizzeria, decoration and table-wise. Located in a strip mall, it is not a place to impress a first date with the decor, but a nice place to take someone for a good Italian meal without breaking the bank. The service was very pleasant and efficient. It goes without saying that being able to bring your own wine without a corkage fee in North Scottsdale in not only unheard of, but a fantastic way to keep your evening's cost down to your comfort level. We will definitely be returning. A great start to a night out before seeing a movie. They advertised that they close at 8:30pm on Saturday, but we walked in at 8:25pm and they did not blink an eye, and seated people as late as 9pm.  Reservations are only needed for larger groups (they wouldn't take one for two people). Be warned though, they do not accept credit cards, so hit an ATM before coming with your favorite bottle of wine.
5	I have since gone back to Giuseppe's and am still as satisfied with it as before. Great authentic dishes and the best in-house cheesecake I have tasted. I never pass up dessert when I am here.
5	Great friendly staff, wonderful food!  Gets busy quickly.  LOVED the Ravioli's with Meat Sauce!  Will definitely make this place a regular on my stops to Scottsdale! Generous portions so no one could try the desserts but I hear they are fabulous too!  CASH ONLY so don't forget to bring some of the green stuff!
4	I've been looking for a good BYOB place since moving here.  This place is pretty great.  The place feeled really authentic.  We didn't have to wait for a table.  I had the Alexandro and my date had spaghetti and meatballs.  Both were pretty good.  The cash only thing sucks but bringing your own wine really makes up for it.  I will definetly come here again!
3	Nice friendly staff, Good food!  Gets busy quickly.  LOVED the  Meat Sauce!  Will definitely will stop again to try something different. This time I had the veal cutlet which was a veal patties and not "real veal slices" but it was good. I would prefer to had the real thing though for the price of $ 15.00.  CASH ONLY so leave the plastic at home.
5	Holy yum, I could eat here every day. Randomly went here last week for the first time and it was love-at-first-bite. This restaurant is authentic family-style, there are photos of the family on the walls and under the glass table tops. The service was amazing; our server was one of the sons and he never stopped smiling.We tried the stuffed shells, the eggplant parmigiana and the Caesar salad. It was all delicious. The Caesar dressing had a hint of olive oil, the eggplant parmigiana was thick and tender and the stuffed shells are now absolutely my favorite thing ever.There's no bar, BUT you can bring your own bottle of wine and they will serve you without a corking fee. Note for the owners: Your joint is amazing. I love the traditional, down-to-earth feel but it could really benefit from the convenience of a credit card machine. I wanted to take my boyfriend here this weekend but we didn't have cash on us. Please, please start taking credit/debit cards.
5	Wonderful food, great service and the best hospitality in town. We found this restaurant through Yelp and it turned out to be a gem. Great family owned business with wonderful homemade recipes. Would recommend!!!
3	It was good.  The atmosphere is nothing to write home about, the pasta was good, the meatball was very good.  It is not overpriced, and it is not a great deal.  Service was good.  If you want to have a simple, relaxing, pretty good Italian meal at a fair price, and atmosphere is not all that important  to you then give this place a try.
5	This place is on my short list of things and places I miss most about Scottsdale since moving to PA.  We used to eat here all the time.  In fact my wife and I had dinner here the night before having our first child.  Pasquale (the owner) told her that Olive Oil would help induce labor and he wasn't lying!  The menu doesn't change from lunch to dinner and its also a BYOB, but that's OK because Pasquale and his staff make you feel right at home.  Indoors or on the small patio out front the food isn't fancy, but it doesn't have to be.  Good Italian about food, family and fun. Insider's tip!  Still hungry, ask for a little more (its often on the house).
2	Traditional 70's style Italian-American food in a strip mall mainly notable because you can bring your own wine with no corkage fee.  Don't believe the hype - this place is nothing special.Contrary to the many reviews here that comment on how cheap it is, I found it a bit expensive for what you're getting, which is not exactly nuova cucina.  $15.95 for two small (non-homemade) cannelloni a la carte is not a bargain in my book.  Their linguine with white clam sauce is some canned clams tossed with a copious amount of oil (1/2 a cup perhaps) and some boxed pasta for $12.95.  The $9.95 "insalata Romana" is a plate of tired iceberg lettuce, a tomato wedge or two, and a few shreds of bland cheese swimming in a very tart vinaigrette.   This is the kind of food that used to represent Italian food in America before the food revolution of the 80's.  The kind of place you'd find, not in New York or Chicago, but in Terre Haute or Tampa at a time when "eye-talian" food was still considered a bit exotic.The many reviews stating that this is "real homemade Italian food" are a bit puzzling since it's neither homemade nor Italian.  This is very old-fashioned pre-foodie Italian-American food and while it's OK for what it is, it certainly isn't "real Italian" food by any stretch of the imagination nor is it, for the most part, homemade.  N.B. No, a visit to this restaurant is not "just like going to Italy."  For that matter, it's not just like going to Little Italy.  I realize Phoenix is not exactly a mecca for italian food, but WTF people!    The mostly 60+ crowd seems to love it.  I can only guess that they are overwhelmed by nostalgia for a simpler time, because while it may not be Kierland pretentious nor a crappy chain restaurant, the food just isn't very good.  Seriously. The servers have a strange attitude that I guess is supposed to be "east-coast" or something (rushed, cocky, borderline rude) but seems a bit out of place in what is basically a mom and pop strip mall joint serving canned food with plastic red checked tablecloths and thin paper napkins.  In any case, they are very selective with their attention and you can wait quite a while to get something.Also, as several other reviewers have pointed out, they give you a non-itemized bill with just the total due written on it which seems to include an extra 10% or so with no explanation offered.   This seems quite bizarre to me but apparently no one objects.  At this restaurant, $15.95 + $12.95 + $9.95 somehow add up to $45.65.  The non-itemized bill is a weird affectation at best - why would you do that, especially in a cheap joint like this?  But to do that and then mis-calculate?  There's a word for that in Italian - it's imbrogliare. $54 for two with tip for a simple shared salad and two pasta dishes with no meat and no drinks.
5	I've enjoyed my trip to  Phoenix and the good food is one of the reasons.  I really liked Ristorante Giuseppe.  Great food and the owner was very welcoming.  Plus BYOB.  Yes, not the fanciest place, but felt like you were dining someplace special.  I would go back in a heartbeat.
4	Guiseppe's was recommended to us last night so we deceided to try it tonight with our two young grandaughters.   What a find, the food was great.  The place is small and  unpretentious. I started with the pasta figiolli, it was different then I'm used to , a little creamier then most, but very tasty.  We ordered a eggplant Parm, a pasta Alex, and a spegetti & Meatballs for the kids.  Everything was great.  The service was attentive and made sure we ad what we needed.  We brought our own wine and the billl came to under $60.    We'll defintley be back............
5	Best pasta and service in Scottsdale.
5	Have them cater for you!  You get their delicious food to share with your entire family...and you will save $$$!Great for dining in too!
1	I don't think people who are regulars here know the difference between good italian food and bad italian food.   The service was good.  I would not say that it is very inexpensive.  The BYOB helps.  The food???? Lets put it this way.  We ordered the chicken piccata.  It was cold.  Working in many restaurants in the past I can tell you that the chicken piccata which should be made to order and is normally made with thin chicken breast medallions, was premade(possibly a day in advanced).  It was a large breaded chicken breast that was dropped in the fryer to order.  The outside was fried but inside the chicken was cold and dried out like it had been precooked and sitting in the cooler for some time.  Are you kidding me???  Really?  Pre-made.  Italian chefs I know would be rolling on the ground.   The pasta was ok at best.    Nothing to stand up and shout over.  I am glad I did not get sick.  I will never go back to that place.  I question the dining experiences of these past reviews but oh yeah that's right its Scottsdale.  The New Yorker's think this is good? You got to be kidding me.   Really?
5	Giuseppe's is great Italian food! The deserts are home made I believe daily and the food is always fresh and delicious. They are great about making you exactly what you want. The tortellini is my favorite, but everything I have had here is great. If you are looking for a relaxed, authentic Italian lunch or dinner are Scottsdale Rd and Thunderbird this is the place to go!
5	This is my favorite italian restaurant!! It's very authentic and all of their pastas are amazing! The meatballs are to die for, they are the size of tennis balls and i would definitely recommend ordering a couple of them. It's BYOB and you have to pay in cash. This is honestly the best pasta in scottsdale, definitely better than all of the overpriced, fancy italian restaurants.
5	Great food and service with a friendly attitude.  I have been eating here for many years.  The food is consistently good and prices reasonable.  Yes, they only accept cash.  Also, they don't serve alcohol, but you can bring your own.  Lunch, dinner or take-out:  you can't go wrong with Giuseppe's.
5	Love this place ! We have held many celebrations and b days here over the years !
2	Called in a take out lunch, when I arrived the doors were locked... Someone opened it up for me and I entered the empty establishment and got my food.The ambiance of the place seemed nice for the short time I was there.Food however was a disappointment. I got the eggplant parm which is a favorite dish of mine. Didn't taste (or see) any fresh basil and the aromatics that I look forward to were completely missing. the cheese on top wasn't even browned at all. Looked like someone had piled together the pieces and nuked it or something. The eggplant wasn't crispy but I can't blame them since I did have to drive it home before eating it.The tomato sauce with it was very chunky which could be  plus or minus depending on your preferences, but I wasn't really impressed with it. The included pasta was cooked to a very nice al dente.Probably wouldn't come back.
4	Been to this place four or five times and it always is a solid choice for a quick cheap dinner out. I love the fact that you can bring your own bottle of wine or beer!The food is always good but not Great......service is very attentive and polite. On Saturday night we had the Chicken Parm and Lasagna. Served hot and quick and we totally enjoyed the dinning experience. We walked out full and plopped down $32 for the meal. My only complaint is they don't itemize the bill so you don't know how to check your order against anything.  We will keep coming back for more though.....my wife's favorite on Italian night!
4	A great local spot.  I I can't really say anything that hasn't already been said about this place.  It's about as much fun as you can have, to the point I feel like I'm just having a bunch of friends at my house for dinner.  Part of me wishes they would expand the hours or make the place bigger, but I think that would ruin the experience.  Keep up the great work!!
5	Seriously love this place! My husband and I go here often and are always greeted by the owner Pasqual (sp??) who is so so nice!!  The Pasta Alex & Spaghetti are awesome!! Cash Only which is the biggest downfall but BYOB which is AWESOME!!
5	Amazing!!  My new favorite place!!!! I love the family run business with GREAT FOOD AND SERVICE. born and raised in Cali and live in the east coast so it truly makes me feel like home.  Coming from a large Armenian family this was great!!
5	I've been hearing about Giuseppes for months now, and finally decided to try it out.  Needless to say, its a gem of a restaurant tucked away in a boring looking strip center.  The staff is very friendly, and they do their best to make sure you're well taken care of.  The food is very good - they do very simple things, but they do them very well.  The BYOB is a nice touch, and its great that they appreciate wine as an integral part of the meal - they dont want to penalize you for bringing your own supply.  Its always nice to find a local place like this that is family owned - you can sense the pride in all the workers attitudes.  I'll definitely be back. Its cash only, but there's a BBVA right across the parking lot - easy little walk if you need some extra dough.
4	A great family run, taste of Italy ristorante, that I say: "Ciao bella"!We arrived last night looking forward to a well prepared Italian meal. Our expectations were peaked by all our Yelp friends, raving about the personal service and delicious old style Italian food. We weren't disappointed.The owner, Pasquale greeted us as we came in, and sat us in the back.  It would provide a good place to observe his personal touch with all the customers.  Our server Cody came by almost immediately to ask if we had brought any wine, and if he could open it and bring us glasses.  As others have noted, Ristorante Giuseppe is a Bring Your Own (BYOB) place.Our oldest was celebrating her Birthday Day, so we were in a festive mood.  I've taken some photos of the interior of the restaurant. Clearly they were working on that Italian Grotta feel.  It has some buca di beppo type wall decorations.  But unlike that chain, here it's decorated by actual family photos and vacations shots. Very genuine!  Just like Pasquale.We started out with the bruschetta.  It came with four pieces of italian bread for $10.95.  It might have seemed pricey, though the tomatoes were sweet and had a interesting topping of several cheeses. Delicious.  We next shared the Antipasto.  It was a very full plate of greens, meats and cheeses for $8.95.  The dressing was a light oil and vinegar that was just right.For our entree, we each tried something different.  I went for the capellini with their homemade Neopolitan sauce.  Cody talked me into one of their meatballs, which was good.  But, not as good as their pasta and red sauce.  Sometimes with a marinara, if it's left to cook too long it can get bitter.  Not here, it was naturally sweet with chucks of tomato.My wife ordered her favorite dish of Chicken Parmigiana, that came with spaghetti for $14.95. It wasn't a pounded piece of chicken cutlet, but instead an entire breast. Very nice!  Our daughter ordered the spicy Pasta Alex  for $15.95.  The menu describes it as the Chef's creation -- of pasta in a cardinale/pesto sauce with roasted garlic and spicy, crumbled, Italian sausage.  It was outstanding!  The heat came from the crusted red peppers and was just right.  The sauce actually reminded me more of a vodka cream reduction.  It was sweet and full of flavor.  Clearly the best of all the dishes!For dessert, we tried the flour-less Chocolate cake, the Tiramisu and a Cannoli for $4.95 each.  I've taken a picture of the Tiramisu, because it came as an individual piece of two moist lady fingers. Wow!  If you're out and it's late, I would highly recommend coming here just for dessert and espresso.  It would be well worth it.Our bill came to $88 in change including taxes but before gratuities. It was hand written and not itemized.  Another one of those personal touches which some might find quirky.After getting home, I exchanged a bunch of messages with Yelp'er Michael T on how delicious the sauces were at Giuseppe's.  It's that unbridled enthusiasm and passion that folks have for this restaurant and it's owner Pasquale that make it special. If you are looking for a white table cloth, foo foo experience; you might be disappointed and not understand the beauty of Ristorante Giuseppe.  But, we weren't, and we'll be back real soon.Enjoy!
3	We went by on a Friday night, it wasn't too busy. We ordered the night special salad to share. The caesar salad just didn't taste like any caesar I've ever had, way too much oil. We waited for ever for any bread to come. My boyfriend ordered a Sprite and never got it. And finally when the waiter noticed, he didn't want it anymore. On to the main course, which I will say the food is good. I had the Alex Special, which was the perfect combination of spicy and creamy. My boyfriend ordered the seafood pasta and he said it was really.  Overall, the food is good, but the service is terrible. This place is by far not cheap and a certain expectation is set when your pasta dishes range from $13 to $17.
5	*************** I can still taste last nights meal **************         When it comes to Italian ........ it doesn't get any better then this.Been coming here for the past seven years ...... all were 5 star experiences.We arrived on a Thursday at 6pm ........ 4 tables were occupied.By 6:30pm ....... 75% of the tables were occupied.By 7pm ...... it was a full house.       We were a group of four .....          We brought our own bottle of wine ....... YES ..... BYOB NO CORKAGE FEE.              Four entrees and a HUGE Antipasto Salad for four ...... $81 with tax.Giuseppe and the wait staff ....... are a Riot ..... always "Mixing It Up" .... with the diners. Bring Cash ...... No Credit cards or Debit cards or Euros accepted.
5	I'm married into an Italian family and this is their dinner of choice for any sort of special occasion. I've never been disappointed here and can honestly say I wish we ate here more. For authentic italian, this is the spot! Hmm maybe for dinner tonight...
3	Normally, this is my favorite place for Italian food.  We went here back in the beginning of July and were just overall disappointed.  I normally get the Peppino Special, but this time it was dry, and the pasta was not ziti.  My wife had the pasta alfredo with sliced Italian sausage, and again it was kind of dry, and almost looked reheated instead of fresh.  Order a side of garlic bread, which when we opened it back at home was burnt on top.  I will say the pasta & faggioli was spot on, so there was some saving grace.  I normally leave this place craving more, not sure what happened this time.  Didn't see the normal family members present when we were there.  I hope this was just a fluke.
5	the menu had all of your italian favorites and then some. everything was delicious. i loved the bread. the service was excellent. enjoyed the soft jazz playing in the background....while dining outside amongst tree's strewn with white christmas lights.
5	Why is it that we try a place, love it and then forget about it as we go to the same old places? WELL...after a year or so I decided to eat dinner here tonight. YUM!!!!!!! I forgot how good the food is here. If you are looking for a high end, snobby typically overpriced Scottsdale restaurant, this is not your place, however, if you are looking for delicious food, wonderful, warm and friendly staff along with the owner Pascuale and his son Giuseppe, this is the place to go. We had the bruschetta, fresh tomato, garlic and high end olive oil...SOOOO good, then the Ravioli with Cardinale sauce ( Alfredo sauce blended with homemade marinara sauce)  and spaghetti and huge meatballs  with the most flavorful marinara anywhere. The atmosphere is warm and inviting, only about 12 tables so get there early. You feel like you are eating with family. Try it, you will like it, I did. I will not forget to go back soon. If you don't love this place, then you don't know great Italian Food.
4	New to the neighborhood, everyone recommended this smallish restaurant in a strip mall. We arrived at 7 p.m. on a Saturday to find one table empty of the dozen or so available (as I said, it's smallish). First lesson: no alcohol, but you can bring your own. I had the pork parmigiana, my date had some sort of vegetarian thing. We had ordered garlic bread to start, but it arrived after the entrees and was just so-so. Otherwise, food was excellent, but that is not the point of this particular review (see other reviews for menu raves).When the bill arrived ($40 and worth every penny), I slipped my credit card onto the tray's clips. In less than a minute a server stopped by and said, "I guess no one told you we're cash only." No, no one mentioned that. I dug through my wallet and came up with $35. We asked another server about the closest ATM. Turns out there was one across the parking lot. Telling my companion I'd be right back, the manager (owner?) visited our table and insisted the bill was paid in full, and not to worry.  "You can pay next time if you remember, or not. It's OK. It happens all the time." We insisted on paying the full amount with tip, and I headed to the door. The manager, even more insistent, said the bank fees simply were not worth it. Now you have to know that the manager had no idea that I was $4 short (not including tip). I could have been $24 short. It didn't matter. He made it very clear all was good and he did not want us to go to the bank.Will I be back? Absolutely. Will I make up the difference? Absolutely, and then some. Will I to bring wine next time so I am not sipping Diet Coke from a straw? Absolutely.
4	Great local place.  Service is great, food is authentic.
5	I had been here for 5 min and already knew I would be back... The owner is a straight shooter with a ton of energy. Pictures of him with family, friends, customers, athletes, etc cover the walls and the tables. Open kitchen so you can see the chefs in action.
5	We live literally down the street from this hidden gem.  Came across it by accident and decided to try it out for dinner. Sat outside.  I ordered spaghetti with sausage. The portion was a little smaller than I was hoping for but it was made up in flavor.  Wow. If you are after flavorful Italian food look no further. My wife is still talking about the meatball she ordered.  The service was great and I felt appreciated for being there.  Cash only was sort of a pain but again the food quality was outstanding.  Highly recommend this place.
5	Great lunch spot...food is always the BOMB and owner makes it fun..pasta is super fresh!
4	Picture a small family kitchen in Old Italy and classic meals with their own secret ingredients and you'll have the menu at Giuseppe's. This place was a suggestion from a new client when we were in his neck of the woods. We are starving after meeting and brainstorming lunch ideas when he mentioned this little Italian restaurant. My boss's eyes lit up and it was decided. I ordered stuffed peppers for lunch and it was deliciso. Lunch came with a side of Italian bread and homemade butter. If you love Italian food, put Giuseppe's Ristorante on your must-try list!
5	I am in LOVE with this place. The atmosphere, the food, the service, the small hole in the wall that it occupies, this place is quite the treat. The few times I have been here I most definitely was not disappointed! Arrive early, the place fills up quickly. Even with a full house I have never waited more than 10 minutes to sit down. The wait staff is courteous and the food is to die for! Also: BYOB with no corkage fee! Always remember though that this place is cash only!
5	I would honestly go all the way back for more of their cheesecake alone, it was THAT good! I found this place on Yelp before we went up to Scottsdale and believe me it was so worth it. The prices were fair and the food was excellent! Next time though I will remember to bring my own wine, like many of the other customers had. It was a quite and small restaurant and even the staff was very friendly, they made you feel like you were a regular and were truly interested in making sure you were happy with everything you got.  I ordered the special spinach and ricotta ravioli with a cream, whine and tomato sauce-it had great flavors and everything came together nicely, the only thing I would change is maybe cook the ravioli a tad bit longer because mine was a little hard but it still tasted great! My boy friend got the special which was the  Franco Special which is pasta cardinale (pink sauce) with pork rib-meat and spinach. He absolutely loved it and would barely let me have any and I kept wanting more. No complaints at all with this dish! and last but not least we had the cheesecake with a cup of regular coffee. The cheesecake could not be any better. It was homemade and so creamy and the perfect level of sweet. We were "sharing" but I'm pretty sure I ate most of it. The coffee was dark and super rich, I personally like my coffee a tad sweeter but it was "very smooth and easy to drink" according to my boyfriend who is borderline coffee addict, so I'm thinking it was actually really tasty like everything else the offer here. I am so in love with this place I will make sure we go every time we are up in Phoenix/Scottsdale area and he said he would have no complaints either.
5	Wow! Right next to my hotel in Scottsdale. This place only has maybe 10 tables inside with some outside seating. The waiter recommended the Pasta Giuseppe. He was right! Penne pasta with I think is a vodka sauce with meat and sausage. I've never tasted sauce like this! It was awesome! A little spicy so I didn't need to add crushed pepper. I just added a little parmesan out of habit but it didn't need it. The sauce was not red. It was orange with small size pieces of meat. I wish I could eat it all! Yum! :-)        As MacArthur said, "I'll be back"
4	What a fun evening!  This was our first time and we loved it.  Giuseppe is a true Italian from Naples and he has created such a fun atmosphere.  The place was packed and everyone seemed happy.  It is so nice to be able to bring our own wine instead of paying $70 for a $20 bottle of wine.The food is fresh and tasty.  Giuseppe has adopted the American version of Italian food but it all tastes so good.  This is not like Andreolis where Giovanni still prepares dishes just as you would find them in Italy but it is really good.  I had the lasagne which was first rate.  My father-in-law had the veal parmigian which was excellent.  The others had pastas with the marinara sauce--all delicious.  We topped it off with tiramisu and Cannoli which were both wonderful.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because I save that for the restaurants that serve truly authentic Italian food.  Finally our waiter made the evening so much fun.  He employed my daughters to serve other tables while we waited.  He joked with us without being obnoxious.  He's the guy who looks a lot like Jesse in Breaking Bad.I absolutely recommend this place.  You will have so much fun and the food is great.
5	Always the best food and people. Never have I left this restaurant without a full belly and a smile on my face. If you have never been before it's an absolute MUST!
1	Had dinner there Sunday evening.  I have been in the valley 12 years, and this is the worst food that I have ever been served.  A piece of veal that was most  likely left over from Friday or Satuday night.  They probably put it in the microwave.  It could not be cut with a knife, dried out, a grease ball.  They should not serve dreck like that, and charge you for it.  The waiter looked, as far as clean hands, like he just finished doing the yard work there.  A shame that we wasted so much money on a horrible dinner.  Even the pasta they served on the side was total grease.  They took away the large salad we ordered that was half eaten without even asking.   That was rude.I realize it was a Sunday evening, but, please, do not serve such inferior food, and please wear a clean outfit if you are going to serve the public food.  I will never go back there, and will let my friends know what a horrible experience we had.
5	I love coming here on Mondays night and any other night the food are always great and friendly staff and the most important thing is I love the food
5	Cody is a fabulous waiter! He brought us some Alex Sauce from the Pasta Alex....oH I thought I had died and gone to heaven! I had the chicken parm...oh so delicious and a huge portion. This is a BYOB place with no corkage fee!  You will definitely not go away disappointed!
5	I've been to Giuseppe's many times since living in AZ for the last 20 years. My family and I just recently went there to celebrate our March Birthday Extravaganza!  I wish I took pics of the food but was distracted.  We brought wine, cash and presents.  When you walk in the door Giuseppe himself welcomes you and gives you a hug.  He does know some of us but I have a feeling that's how he treats everyone.  I grew up eating homemade sauce and pasta so we're very picky about Italian Food.  Giuseppe's passes the test.  I know different regions in Italy cook different styles of food, so I think Giuseppe definitely came from the same region as my Grandmother and her father.Waiters-friendly and warm.  Food-fresh and delectable. Atmosphere-homey.
5	Awsome Italian.  Real authentic atmosphere.  Feels like you are really eating with Italians.  I had the special:  Baked Ziti and Cannelloni with 2 sauces.  So good.  Butter is unique and tasty with fresh baked bread.  Owner very friendly and concerned about you enjoying your meal.  Look forward to going back and trying the meatballs.  Restaurant is Cash Only but worth every penny.
5	The best food and the BEST service. This place rocks. Such a local-feel and a genuine Italian restaurant (yes, they even all have accents). You have to get the "Pasta Alex" - it's the best thing on the menu.
5	Always amazing, great food friendly atmosphere! Feels like your at a good friends houses for dinner. Cash only and no alcohol but no cork charge if you bring your own bottle.
5	Our family had a great experience here.  Service was outstanding without being overbearing.  Food was incredible and the overall atmosphere was very enjoyable.  Bring your own bottle of wine - no corking fee!
4	Great meal! This is a locals place-- Very busy. casual atmosphere and staff but very friendly. We brought our two kids and they loved it. No kids menu but they definitely were nice to our boys. Our seafood dish was loaded with seafood. They didn't scrimp one bit.
4	This is a genuine family, locals restaurant. Kid friendly. Small space and very nice staff. Menu if traditional Italian favorites. I had the special which was basically Pescadoei and very good. Fresh homemade bread was excellent. Low marks for the anti pasta. No liquor served but you can BYOB with no corkage fee, which it appeared most tables did. Cash only!
1	I found black hair in my meatball sandwich(I'm blonde), when I confronted the owner he said "that's possible". Extremely disgusting and rude! Didn't even take the sandwich off the bill. Also they only take cash here. Wonder why? Don't go here, unless you like eating hair.
5	Most delicious white sauce I've ever had in my life!!! Their Caesar salad is out of this world! I love them.. Never had anything that was even so so there.. Everything is fantastic! Don't forget to bring cash! And you can bring your own wine or beer! Fun atmosphere..
4	We have lived by here for a long time, but never stopped in.  For a birthday celebration, we decided to give it a try.  The best part is that it is an independent restaurant - not a chain.  We loved that we could bring our own wine.  The cash only is a little tough, but with pre-planning it is fine.  The eggplant appetizer was out of this world.  Everyone's dinner was spectacular - I had the ravioli.  And we loved the flourless chocolate dessert.  You want to go here.
5	Giuseppe's is really one of a kind. As soon as you walk in, you can tell that your experience is going to be great. You're warmly greeted by the staff and they give you a sense that you're almost walking into their home for dinner. That's the vibe that I got because of how welcoming the entire staff was. I had never been here before, but they make you feel as if you've been a regular for years. The food. My God...the food! You must-I repeat, you must try the eggplant appetizer. Your life as you know it will never be the same. Don't bother wearing socks because they will be knocked off. Luckily, I wore sandals so I was ok. It comes with delicious garlic bread. Who doesn't love garlic bread, right? I got the Pasta Alex. The portion is huge! I had to take some home (it was good even warmed up the next day) It has a bit of a kick to it, not too much where you can't enjoy your meal, but enough to make sure you don't pass out from carb overload. Add this to your must try's.You can bring your own booze! No more wondering if a place has this or that, you bring what you want! You'll need to sit down for this part. There is no corkage fee!! You read correctly, my friend. No fee. Nada.  You can't leave without trying their sweet treats of deliciousness! The cheesecake is amazing! Everything that they have there is made there. How cool is that?! You really need to do yourself a favor and check this place out. I will be returning...with stretchy pants.
2	We used to go here all the time for the eggplant parmesan.  Each slice was individually breaded and then baked.  It was crispy and the sauce and cheese made it perfect. But no more. The last two times we went, they seemed to be cutting corners and the slices were soggy. What a disappointment. We haven't been back again since.
5	This place is awesome.  Great food, super friendly staff.  Really has a nice warm family feel.  Our daughter has so much fun.  Every time someone who worked here walked by, they would flirt and play with her and she loved the attention.   Awesome place for families to eat in a nice, warm atmosphere.  Highly recommend.
2	The service was great and the staff included was friendly. I wasn't too impressed with the food whatsoever and it was more like dining at a Peter piper pizza. I wouldn't recommend coming here. The food was average and the atmosphere wasn't too inviting. In addition It was extremely hot inside the restaurant.
5	I give this place 5 stars! I am only sad that it took me over 5 yearsof living here to find it. The Pasta Cardinale is my favorite pasta dish of all time! They offer BYOB with no corkage fee and service is great!  Great family owned restaurant and the owner is as nice as could be. Highly recommend!One thing to keep in mind is that it is cash only.
5	Excellent food.  Seriously some of the best Italian food I have ever had.  Price is good and it is even worth the extra step to get cash ahead of time especially since eating there doesn't break the bank. Great atmosphere and incredibly friendly service.
5	My family has been coming here for at least fifteen years. Not sure why I am just now writing a review, but better late than never! This little family owned and operated Italian place has always, and will always, be amazing. The service, the food, the atmosphere, everything about this place is as good as it gets. At least one or more of the family members are working every night, and they take great pride in what they produce. There are family photos all around, as well as on the tables. The 3 boys all work in the restaurant when they are available or in town, and even if you don't get served by one of them, the service is always amazing. They have specials every night which I love, because I am still able to try new things even though I have been coming here for years. My favorite's are always their ravioli and their Giuseppe's salad. Some of their menu items are named after each of the sons, which is a really nice gesture. They also allow you to bring your own wine, and no corking fee! Such a great part, and it makes the bill a little lower than if you were to go elsewhere. We will go to this place as long as it is around. We go here as soon as one of our friends comes into town for the first time, and they always request to go back when they come back into town. Even though we live in Cave Creek, we make the trip to this little restaurant. Great place for family, food, and a whole lotta love!
5	My Mother is 100% Napolitano.  Giuseppe's serves all the food I grew up on!  I never knew there was a place I could eat sauce that tastes like home.  (not the Americanized Sicilian stuff that makes me wanna hurl) Besides all the typical red sauce dishes,  they have stuff like sausage and peppers, pasta fazul, eggplant parmesan and Cannolis!!! YES it's a hole in the wall in a  strip center, and yes,  they are busy so they won't be at your beck and call... Sorry Scottsdalians But if you're Italian... you can handle it.
1	I ordered my lunch over the phone, when i got there the doors were locked. I stood out there a couple of minutes before they open the door. I asked how much it was, they said $20.00. I said i don't know how you came up with that number. The cook kept saying $20.00. I looked at the menu and went over the items that i ordered with another guy that did not speak English and we decided on around $14.00, just to get out of there. This was for lunch spaghetti ($6.95), garlic bread ($2.50) and a meatball ($1.95), how that adds up to $14.00? This place was very weird and I will not be back. Food was mediocre. I agree with other reviewers that your bill should be itemized and tax included on the bill.
5	The best hands down. Pasta Alex on point nothing else matters. I love this place and Pasquale is the best host. No corking fee, bring your wine and go tough in life. My favorite Italian spot in AZ. I write more in my reviews but I don't need to on this spot. If you don't love it I will buy your meal. Amazing!!!The best, the best, the best, the best The best, the best, the best, the best The best, the best, the best, the best The best, the best, the best, the best The best, the best, the best, the best The best, the best, the best, the best The best, the best, the best, the best The best, the best, the best, the best The best, the best, the best, the best
4	Loved the food last night.We made reservation (group of 10) at 5pm and we were there until almost the resturant closed.My favorite was tomorrow's special, asiago beef ravioli, home made.  They just finished making them for the next day, and shortly after I ordered regular beef lavioli, they came to me to offer thie asiago beef.  I must say this was the best ravioli I've ever had.  If I had more bread, I would be scouping up all the sauce that was left on the plate.We ordered four other pasta, two salad, and some appertizer.Everything we ordered was very good.  Why not five star? It's probably because of pasta. I would prefer a slightly more on al dente side.They have a good selection on desert too. Home made tiramisu was very moist.They have several different today's special. If you like something, call ahead a few days in advance and request.  I would definately request my ravioli before my next visit here.Cioppino is highly recommended too
5	When you walk in here you feel like you are walking into a close friend or family's home.  It is quaint, welcoming and just feels good.  The food is like homemade and delicious, and I have NEVER had a bad meal here.  The wait staff is quick and efficient without making you feel rushed.  This place gets very busy because it has a cast of loyal diners that know the routine.  The first time I came here I was a little surprised that they don't serve alcohol, BUT you can bring your own bottle of wine and they will gladly open and serve it to you in the glasses they provide.  How cool is that ?!  Anyway, I just want to share this little gem with the rest of Scottsdale that has not quite figured out where the best Italian food has been hiding!
4	I was a little apprehensive when I first walked in because there were only a few people and some very loud cooks. They seemed to know I had not been there before but things got better. Good caprese salad-excellent lasagna. Definitely tastes like home. Place was packed by the time I left. Will come back with friends and a bottle of wine. Glad I finally made it there!
4	I was really excited when I heard this was so close to me. I had been to the one on 28th and Indian School before and had no idea this one existed. We were waited on by Giuseppe and it was a very enjoyable experience. I ended up having the manicotti which was very good. I also had the opportunity to try their meatballs (also excellent) and the tiramisu (it, too, was delicious!). The pricing is pretty good, not much more than some big chain restaurants, and you're supporting a locally owned business in the process. Be forewarned (as we did not know this) it is a CASH ONLY establishment! No credit or debit cards accepted. I would recommend this to anyone who hasn't been before and wants to try something new, with a good atmosphere, just remember to bring cash!
5	Consistently the best Italian meals!! I have enjoyed every dinner and it is a great place to bring family or a date.  Bring a nice bottle of wine with you and enjoy home-made Italian dishes.  The cheesecake is worth saving room for!
5	Absolutely, positively the BEST! I was told to go to Guiseppe's for the Pasta Alex by a man who works in food and beverage sales here in the valley. My expectations were very high because of how my friend lit up when he described this place. From start to finish, my first experience was flawless. I walked in and literally heard a table towards the front of the dining room arguing in Italian with each other, pinch me! I was welcomed, the owner introduced himself to me, showed me pictures of his kids on the wall and described the specials. I told him I thought the special with braised pork shoulder sounded amazing, but that I promised a friend is try the pasta Alex. He said in a thick Italian accent, "I'll take care of you son". He arranged a version of the special with the pasta Alex sauce and a small side of pasta Alex which I ate until my plate was spotless, thanks to the fresh bread. I could go on all day. I've been back 10 times and had equally rewarding experiences. I've sent several friends in and they've all said the same. If you go and don't enjoy it, either you don't like good food or you have a psychiatric condition and should seek medical attention. In that case Mayo is just up Scottsdale Rd.
5	The staff is amazing. Made me feel as if I was actually in Italy. Homemade everything. But they only take cash fyi made that mistake. I ordered the stuffed shells and garlic bread and just about went to heaven. Soooo good.
3	Long wait for food mid week. I felt forgotten. Great pasta. I'm not going back. The cash only sign must not be posted very big. We had to go to the ATM and got a service charge.  The rich get richer. Great for the owner
5	I have been going to Giuseppe's for years and years.  This is the real deal.  No place quite like it in Scottsdale or Phoenix.  Yes, I know there is another one.  I used to go there when Pasquale owned that one too.  It's ok, but it is not the real, honest to goodness one that Pasquale owns and runs.  You feel like you have just stepped off a plane to Italy...the Naples region actually.  The olive oil is not like any other you will get anywhere.  My personal fav is the eggplant rollatini.  I always start with the pasta fagioli, a Giuseppe salad.  I love this restaurant and the family that run it.  A must go place for any and all visitors.  PS  the desserts are made by his wife or mom.  YUM!
5	By far the best Italian food you will find in the valley. My favorites include the eggplant rollatini, stuffed peppers, lasagna with meat sauce, spaghetti with meat sauce and meatballs. Bring cash and wine, and you're in for a spectacular experience! PS- ask for the pasta Alex as your side pasta on the rollatini and peppers. It's phenom!
4	This place was really good!We chose to go here for a romantic date which was a mistake... not that we didn't have a good time but it was not a romantic setting at all. The name sounded romantic to me. But it was the opposite of romantic. Loud, brightly lit, sassy servers, and children running amok. Reminded me instead of a raucous Italian family reunion. But still a good time!I love that it's BYOB with no corkage fee. That itself is a great value on it's own. We started with the bruschetta. We weren't planning on getting an appetizer but we were talked into it. Yes, the servers are a bit pushy with the upselling. But the bruschetta was tasty and bursting with fresh flavor so we were glad we did.I had the eggplant rollettini and my husband had the pork Parmesan. The portions weren't as big as they are in other Italian restaurants. I was expecting leftovers to take home. But still very filling. My eggplant was very tasty but a bit salty. My husband and I both loved the marinara. It was very unique. I detected a warm seasoning to it... cinnamon or nutmeg? I don't know but it was good. My husband thought his pork was delicious. He said it lacked breading but was still excellent.We will definitely return but we learned our lesson. Expect a casual and energetic good time with delicious food. We see this being a great spot for a double date... each couple bringing a great bottle of wine.
