5	I seriously love this place! We went to their free pizza night and not only was the people watching hilariously amazing, but the pizza was actually worth waiting for. You can make a custom pizza, or choose from their originals. The pizza is quick and tasty, and they ingredients are quality, yet under $10/person.
5	This place is fantastic.  Customized gluten free pizza for $10?  Yes please!  The staff was very pleasant, the restaurant was clean, and my hubby and I enjoyed sitting outside while munching on our customized pizza.  I love this place.
5	This place is awesome.  Huge patio, great pizza, and a good beer selection.  I LOVE you that they have Marble brewing.  Our group of 8 was just as excited as me when came here last Saturday night.  Staff was great too!  Can't wait to try the other menu items.
4	Convenient location in downtown Phoenix!  Consistently good make your own pizza at a very reasonable price.  It was pretty busy Friday night before the Suns game, so that is a good sign that it will make it in this location.  Definitely recommend the Hawaiian pizza...so yummy!
4	The staff was excellent! My only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the meat selection looks a little shabby, could be fresher.
5	Can you say BOMB.com! I love this place, it is just what we needed Downtown! I am a vegan and not many options down here by the job but there crust and marinara sauce are vegan and there are so many veggies to choose from. The crew is is always great, fun and inviting. My pizza is alays cooked exactly the way I want, you can't ask for more than that. Check them out!
5	Delivers exactly what it advertises: quick, cheap, quality pizza with a Chipotle-style assembly. With so many other decent pizza options in the Downtown area, Fired Pie surprisingly holds its own.
3	Not bad for "chipotle style" pizza.   Went here for the first time. They had just opened so figured we would give it shot since it wasn't busy.   Menu is pretty simple you can either choose between one of their speciality pizzas or build your own. Price is 7.95 for a 12".   The pizza was pretty good.  No complaints as we ordered the Hawaiian BBQ and ordered a pepperoni for it girls.  Was well baked and crust was nice and crispy.  Sauce was good.  Overall had a decent experience.   My only complaint is how incredibly slow they were. There were only two other people there and they claim to be fast paced chipotle style, but we waited almost 20 minutes for our pizzas. Over all it was good not great.  I won't go out of my way, but if it's convenient I'd give it another go.
