3	When this one was convenient from my job's location, I dreaded coming here- fighting for a parking space was a regular obstacle. Sometimes I had to park across the street. I believe that the parking lot design was poor- it's too small. I think that the overall design of this gym was not well thought out either- unless it was existing construction and they just had to adjust accordingly, which might have been the case.Before the makeover, it was very dark inside. The women's gym was tiny- finding an open machine was difficult. It was whatever was available at the time. The cardio machines section on the main floor was also very crowded. Classes were held in a fishbowl room. The pool was very small.
5	awesome place to work out.. since the renovation, the place looks great. Love the wet areas as well...
3	Old school. This was the first LVAC I went to when I first signed up years and years ago. It was far from my house back then. It's far from my house now. Fortunately, LVAC has expanded with newer, nicer, and closer facilities.This place is still adequate. There are plenty of cardio machines and plenty of weight machines. The ATC (Advanced Training Center) is of a good size. The pool is just as good as any other LVAC. There are two group training rooms and the main one is of a decent size.I noticed that none of the cardio machines have personal TV screens. Being an older location, it's only one story and doesn't have the running track. I think the parking lot is pretty small for peak workout times.Overall, if you live near this LVAC, it should work fine for your needs. As for me, I only use it if I'm in the area.
3	The facility is ok. The machines next to me were both in bad shape and needed to be fixed while i was there. But the location was central and that was convenient. The people checking in guests pretty much just talked to each other and barely gave me notice, which is ok, but to not even receive an acknowledgment was a little irritating. All in all, i'd return if it was convenient but i wouldn't go out of my way to send anyone there.
4	I like this location because I barely see any fake boobies and Sephora make up models running around. I dont hate stripper, hookers and gals needing to slap 10lbs of make up on their face, but come on.. its a freakin' gym to get down and dirty in and sweat your nasty ass cellulite off.NOT to show off your $5000 new boobs or asscheeks your old fart of a customer bought you. Yeah, I wear some make up too sometimes, thats because I come from work. Anyways, the machines are older. But they fullfill their purpose. And for some reason, even though I am a little high maintenance, I really like this gym over the stripper and hoochiemama, milf and overpuffed pufferfish gym on W flamingo :)
4	Moving back to the area I have to admit, I miss the lack of pufferfish candy... too bad. I had to join 24hrfor a while since it was right were I used to live and they had more eyecandy. :( too bad.
3	This location is definitely most convenient for me. It's one of the older one and it shows. It's adequate, you can find most of your basic needs for a gym. But I'd probably prefer going to a newer bigger LVACs.Wish there was a running track... and more floor space to stretch...
4	I could swear the weights weren't this heavy before...Ok, I haven't been here for a while  but I've been a member for years and even though I have only one "check in" here, the reason could be for the fact that the last time I was here I was wearing a beeper, but now I'm planing to be more consistent with my exercise routine, I'm hoping my doctors health warning will be stronger than my willpower.I really like this gym, there's ample of safe lighted parking, the facility is always kept clean and the employees are nice and helpful. You can find the newest equipment available, treadmills, weight machines, and free style weights,  they also have aerobic, spinning or many other classes, public or private. The facility also counts with clean locker rooms and clean towel service, there is also a snack bar where you can recover from a hard workout with a delicious drink.  You can count on Alexis the bar attendant to recommend something good for whatever your needs are, he makes some killer protein shakes!   I will be coming back to this location since it has everything I need....... as soon as I get new gym clothes, I wish someone would have told me that my white and red stripe aerobic shorts and headband were out of style before I walked into the gym.
4	I'm not a gym rat in any sense of the phrase. I'm just a Regular Josephine who goes to the gym as much as possible to feel less like crap. The woman who signed me up for my LVAC membership understood the feeling. I love this LVAC location - I've been to three - because it's as normal as walking into Smiths. You see everyone here - from the body builders to the reformed couch potatoes to the woman who just wants to sit on the leg press seat to talk to her crunch-crazy daughter. The peak times (just after work - 5:30) can get a little busy but you rarely have to wait for a machine - the patrons are really good about doing their reps and moving on. Parking can get tight but it's not at all impossible.The outside of the gym is a little older than the MegaPlex on Flamingo & 215 but the equipment is new, the locker rooms are clean and the TV's all work.The staff is kind, the smoothie bar is convenient and delicious (and fairly priced - only $3 for a quart of Fiji Water? I was expecting to pay $7) and the classes are fun. The only thing I don't get is the timing of classes - are there really people there at 10am? I have a 9-to-5 job and can't make the primo classes they time throughout the work day. The weekend offerings could be a little better too, but based on the fact that the parking lot is pretty sparse whenever I hit there on the weekend, I'm assuming they had to cancel a lot.Good gym, fair monthly price. They also offer a lot of local discounts (everything from restaurants, which is cruel, to Strip shows) so watch their LVAC TV commercials while you're sweating it out on the elliptical. I'm very pleased with being a member.
4	The club facilities are great, if a little too crowded as we need to go at the same time as everyone else!I needed a push to get back in on a regular basis. so... I asked at the front for some help and they comped me and my old man a couple of sessions with a trainer. Oh boy did we get the cream of the crop.Joe is fabulous.. he designed a workout for both of us and did not try and push us beyond our comfort zone. He has checked on us every time he sees us and he has got us back on a regular track.If we had got someone pushy we probably would have dropped out gain!
4	From outside, it looks pretty weak.  But I have gotten used to it.  Been spoiled by the one on 215 and flamingo.  Everything is one one floor.  Not big like the 215 and flamingo one so machines and weights are limited.  Good part is that it doesn't get too crowded so not everything is occupied.  Floor and men's locker rooms are clean.  Beware, no running track.  Parking is a bit tight and so street parking is optional.
3	I-I-I-I-I-WORKOUT. I'm sexy and I know it.Actually, the gym is the least place I am sexy. I'm panting like a fat kid after chasing an unreachable piece of cake for 5 hours and I'm creating tracks of sweat as I move from one machinery to the next (no worries I still clean up after myself). But surprisingly it's not my sweat and body odor disgusting me the most, it's the creepy stares I get that I catch from my peripheral vision. YES I SEE YOU CREEPY McCREEPSTERS. And by all means I am not trying to be conceited what so ever, there is just a MAJOR staring problem at this location.I was never one to care about working in 'ladies only' areas, but I'm seriously forced to now. For example, some machines are against the mirror-wall to where if you sit on it, you're looking directly at yourself. Well there has been one instance where I was jamming out to my electro, pumping my arms in the zone, when all of a sudden I see someone take the machine next to me and CLEARLY just watch me exercise. I'm not Jillian Michaels, you can't learn anything from me OK? So please....don't.I still come to this location at least once a week because I LOVE LOVE LOVE the 8strikes class taught here on Wednesday at 7:45pm. Think Insanity, high-intensity kickboxing and MMA with crazy drills. The room is seriously PACKED. Like packed to where you need to watch where you're kicking cuz you can easily kick someone in the face. When I walk out I feel so accomplished and practically dying all at the same time - major endorphin rush. 8strikes is taught at other locations as well but all during the day. This location and another location on Friday is the only place you can catch it after work hours. Staff is also very friendly here. I'd say more friendly than others. Since it's a smaller facility, they're much better with recognizing familiar faces and personal greetings.
5	I've got nothing bad to say about LVAC. When you arrive, there's security in the parking lot making sure you don't get murdered or your car doesn't get broken into. Once, the guard even stopped me because he wasn't sure if I had locked my car. During the busy times, usually 4 - 8 p.m. during the week, parking can be hard to find, but there's another lot across the street (near the little strip mall) that always has spaces.The staff is always friendly, and nobody bothers you. I see a fair amount of "coaches" walking around where I'm sure you could find someone if you had a question. Again, during the busy times, there's always a cardio machine available, and it seems that people move along fairly quickly on the machines/free weights.When I go, I pretty much stick to the lady gym for weight/machine work. I've only had to wait for a particular piece of equipment once, and while I wish the space was a tad bigger for free weight work, I haven't had a problem yet. Everything else? SUPER nice locker rooms, stuff is always clean, and I'm optimistic the pool(s) won't be crowded when I finally get around to laps. Since all the locations (I believe) are 24 hours, I don't know why I waited so long to switch from 24 Hour Fitness - cheaper than the, too!In summation, this particular LVAC location rocks, but please don't decide to come as I really want to be Yelp duchess here...
4	A little trendy but still clean and friendly.
4	My go-to gym. Sometimes the equipment whacks out for no reason but other than that, no complaints. They have a child center so I can drop my daughter off there and they have great equipment for her to play on there - she loves going to the gym to "work out".
5	This is one of the few gyms in Vegas that ill give a 5 star rating. First off, the location is great. It's in the center of town so just about everybody can get to it. Second off, it's the perfect combination of small and big LVAC. I say perfect because the small ones, such as the one on Sahara and Sandhill is small and you don't really feel like working out. The big ones like rainbow and the flamingo ones are so giant and get so packed that it impossible to work out. This one works great because its big enough that I work out and not big enough to also be crowded. Another amazing little tidbit is that the security guard at this gym actually seems interested in his job. At the big LVAC, they just kind of seem to float around.  Maybe it's because he has less room to cover or whatnot, but that's nothing I control. The gym is as well maintained as you would expect the gym. The racquetball courts do get busy at times so make a reservation. But overall, I give this gym a 5 out of 5
1	Great Gym - Horrible Contract and Corporate Communciation. They do not update their website or phone aps (though they like to advertise them) to fit their current gym schedules. They do not care why you need to cancel; only that you are not moving. And if you are moving, you better be prepared to produce 2 supporting documents (lease, which we all know takes time to get; bank, which in this day in age you don't have to change when you move, or utility bill, which requires that lease). Wish I had never signed with them. They aren't worth it.
3	not as Clean as i like a gym but for the price and what you get its one of the better deals in town. Noticed alot of people that just hang out and try and hit on girls instead of just working out so not a fan of douches sitting at machines their not using and telling them to move.  Oh well, you get what you pay for.
4	Oh the smell of rubber and testosterone in the morning. There is a women's only side, a dry sauna, steam room, and all the state of the art exercise equipment. They have a towel service for a fee, and some have racquetball courts, most have pools, some have  coed  saunas, this one is all coed but the locker room, and women's workout room. Large parking lot, where you can have car broken into, and probably will.
4	I've been coming this this particular gym for nearly 10 years and I can honestly say that I have been inpressed by the consistency of good business.
5	Love this gym! It has all the equipment you need to get back into shape! I personally stay in the womens only area just because I dont like when people watch me working out and upstairs tends to get a little to crowded for me... so to avoid the craziness i go in the morning before 3p or after 10p. any time between then is to crowded for me. The trainers and staff is great! since I've signed up I've gone atleast once a day for atleast 2hrs.
4	The Sahara club underwent some remodeling a while back and I had not been here since before. The mens locker room was updated and much nice then years before. Didnt notice much change in the wet/pool area but has a full lap pool/sauna//hot tub/steam area.  The workout floor has lots of great cardio equipment, treadmills, ellipticals, stairmasters, bikes, etc. The first part of the training floor is all machine based labeled with body part area. Next to this area is the aerobics room which is good size, although not as big as the aerobics room at Rainbow, however, Rainbow location is a bigger club overall. The next area of the training floor beyond the dividing wall is the free weight area. All the standard big Smith Machines, benchs, squat racks, barbells, dumbells. The weight plates are the older cast iron metal plates. Dumbells have been upgraded to rubber heads. Benches have been reupholstered. Overall a great free weight area. One of the best things about this location is there separate Leg Room! There is a great selection of leg training machines/devices in this specific area itself. This area actually draws some of the bigger IFBB PROS to come and train legs. At the front is a good equipped Juice bar for refreshments/food/smoothie shakes post workout. Parking can be a little crowded especially at Peak times.Great location off Sahara. I will be back.
5	Since 2008 I have dropped 365 pounds, hard work is an understatement....This gym has everything I needed to melt... No help from personal trainers or any kind of surgery... Hows that for the intro to a book?
3	A fellow Yelp-er, Jessica M, coined this the "Saved By the Bell" gym, and it fits. Even after the remodel a few years ago, this location has a decidedly '80s feel to it. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but you might want to try another location if you want all of the frills and bells and whistles (and eye candy). This gym has pretty much everything you need, though, and is kept clean. Additionally, it is never as busy as some of the bigger locations, and parking is much easier.Only one complaint for me is that there isn't as big a variety of cardio equipment, and none of them come with the tv's attached. I know that I'm spoiled, but I enjoy watching the hip hop video channel or my favorite tv shows while I'm sweating up a storm on the elliptical.
5	This is pretty much the best gym ever. Seriously, I've been to many many gyms. For $31/month I got free towel service, guest passes and a trainer meeting once a month. Trainer Joe is the best!! This gym was never too crowded and the front desk staff was sooo nice, especially Karen. They all knew me by name. There is also a steam room, sauna, pool and jacuzzi. Big sellers for me. The equipment is clean and hardly ever broken. There is also a female only area. Now that I'm back in LA I wish there was a gym of the same price and quality as lvac.
5	After the remodel, this LVAC is the best!  They also renovated the pool and found it empty at most times.  Plus, the remodeled women's locker room, showers, & changing rooms are fabulous and less crowded than some other LVACs.  Furthermore, parking is usually readily available.  Overall, at this time, this is the best LVAC because the new one on Decatur in NLV is under construction.
4	I like this location because it is way smaller then other centers but it the locker rook is nice.  There are a machine room only for women.  Only i don't like is no ladies sauna.
1	It's a ghetto & staff are rude and bitter about working there. Used to belong there 10 yrs ago and it was better but now it was just a means to an end for a few days. Won't be back ever
3	As far as LVAC locations this is definitely one of the worst. There is only a co-ed sauna/steam & spa area, there are fewer classes & less equipment. Could use some improvement but considering it's proximity to the rainbow lake mead location I would just go there.
4	I am kicking myself for not joining this gym sooner! Yes, it gets crowded- come on, we're a major city packed with tons of amazing restaurants and world-renowned chefs, we love to eat but hate to look like it! Consider it a given anywhere you go.But this gym chain is a great value- memberships from $23 to $31/month, with optional add-on benefits (included in the cost) for childcare, personal training, towel service, and other such perks. With 6 locations in town (and one more on the way) it isn't hard to find one that works for your schedule- though they do vary greatly. And they're open 24/7, which helps those in our city with unusual schedules!As others have said, this one rocks a dated vibe that used to be reminiscent of the 80s- there is still some of that here. Cardio machines are not super-new and none have built-in TV screens, but all are working, there are several different varieties/brands, and they all face a bank of TV screens with plug-in audio.I was bummed to hear that they don't have free WIFI available to stream video on my personal device- I run distance and like to have a distraction. I will say that the juice bar, crazy awesome gym schedule, sauna, and women's-only area are some of the things that helped balance out to a positive experience.Gym schedule, as I said, is crazy awesome: morning, daytime, afternoon, and evening classes available. They only have two rooms for classes (pilates/yoga and cycle in one, cardio group classes in the other)- but they pack their schedule. Zumba, Sh'bam, Body Sculpt, Kickboxing, CXwork, Insanity, and Body  Pump (my personal favorite!) are all available here at various times throughout the day and week, to meet your workout needs.
1	If I could give a zero star rating I would. -DO NOT SIGN CONTRACT- sales agents are full of their own garbage. They say you can cancel your membership at any time... Ya if you pay off the remaining balance of a two year contract!! F*&^$ING Liars. DONT MAKE THE MISTAKE I DID. LVAC JUST WANT TO STEAL FROM YOU AND SEND YOU TO COLLECTIONS!!!!!
4	This is my go to LVAC for several reasons.A. It's close to my house.B. It doesn't feel like Glob-gym that some of the other locations feel like.C. It's less well-known.D. This location is full of all sorts of people with varying fitness levels. (Old, young, fat, fit).E. You can't see the Ladies Only gym at all unless you're a lady. Also, this location doesn't have sauna and steam rooms in the ladies locker room (other locations offer this).F. The place is clean. G. It's not overly crowded. Lots of machines available and tons of equipment.H. Classes can be a bit limited because of its smaller size, but class size is also smaller, and I find that speaking to instructors here is less intimidating (if you're the timid type).I. The staff is friendly and extremely helpful.J. There's different levels of membership that gave verifying price tags. (Add ins: child care, towel service, personal training, racquetball)K. There is also a smoothie, juice, snack, post-pre-workout bar.L. There is a pool and aqua classes. A sauna, a steam room, and a jacuzzi.LVAC was the most reasonably priced, open 24 hours, you're able to use all locations, and is a great value. Also, they have an app with their class schedules posted. Definitely a fan!
1	This is for all LVAC gyms: You are all rip-offs with prices that fluctuate terribly. I didn't mind paying $22 a month but you go off promoting $19/month and yet you don't want to match it? I called the billing department and you straight lied to me about it ranging from $19-$22 max. First off, you charge my friend $23/month. I believe that's more than $22, do you not know how to count or? And what's so hard about matching the price of what you're promoting? Your gyms are big and spacious, I'll give you credit for that but truly, your customer service sucks. Thanks for ripping me off. Sincerely, canceling my membership with you guys. This is for anyone who plan on joining their contract. Be aware of getting over-charged. For all I know, some of you could be paying $24+.
3	One of the smaller LVACs  friendly staff and still ample equipment.  If any of these places put in a ball court they would be the ideal gyms in Vegas.
