5	Three of us just had a wonderful dinner here.  Two of us had the base menu, one with the appetizer of the day (a roll with unagi, flying fish roe, and other delights) and miso duck, the other with the miso black cod appetizer (as the other review says, this is absolutely incredible, the flesh is buttery-silky and the flavor so rich) and the sake-steamed yellowtail with mussels (very good), the third of us had the sesame salmon.  The tasting menu of sakes is great, as is the shochu (fun aftertaste).  This restaurant is worth a visit from anywhere.
4	The soup was very tasty. The best Miso I ever tasted. The eel crepe that followed was surprising and very good. The desert was a crisp tasting yuzu and cream tea ice cream. Only the truffled duck magret did not wow us.
5	Divine dining experience.  The food was amazing- combines best of Japanese and French cuisine.  The place is intimate and one feels like dining at chef's kitchen.  Worth the visit from anyone visiting montreal
5	My husband and I had a wonderful dinner here while visiting Montreal. It is hidden away on a side street; an escape from the hubbub of St Denis. The food was gorgeous - delicious, beautiful, innovative and very inexpensive for what it is. The space is cozy and pretty with just a few tables. The chef is a true artist and the waiter struck the ideal balance between being unobtrusive and attentive. It's a real gem. My favorite meal in Montreal.
4	Love it and loved the Sayuri Saki
4	Excellent restaurant, though the ambiance could be a bit better.  This would hit 5* if the prices were a bit more reasonable. But excellent food and nice to go to a Japanese restaurant that doesn't serve sushi. Innovative food and some nice choices. The lamb was tender. The miso soup was good. The salad was extremely flavourful.
5	The 5 of us had a wonderful meal here!  This tiny, intimate restaurant has truly made our night special.  The food was amazing, a perfect combination of Japanese and French cuisines, rich flavors and beautiful presentation!  The portion size was much bigger than other fancy restaurants we've been to; two people from our party couldn't finish the food and brought it home.  Like I told my friends after the meal, coming from Chicago, I could easily find a very nice Japanese restaurant, or a very nice French restaurant, but this was the first time I experienced this unique rendition of both cuisines in such a beautiful harmony, that's something I couldn't find in Chicago.  I will have to go back to Montreal to experience this again soon!
5	This is a TINY TINY restaurant!  If you're a tourist looking for it, its off a side street and the wall is painted like a cow (black and white).  Also, make a reservation!  We showed up without one, they were booked but  graciously seated anyway.  That being said, as they say great things come small packages.  There are only about 6 tables total and 3 people working there, 2 waiters and the chef.  The 'kitchen' as some other posters have mentioned is not really a kitchen so to speak, but a small area separated by a long table where you have full view of the chef cooking your food from scratch. The food came out like a work of art and was fantastic.  We tried the duck and the steak and both were delicious.   The staff was super friendly and downright awesome.   I jokingly said to wrap up my leftovers (all that was left was a piece of garnish) and the waitress asked if i would like a bow with that as well.  Needless to say I came home with a takeout tray wrapped in a bow with my leafy garnish!  If I didn't live 6 hours away I would go there all the time.     Definitely worth it!
2	You must come on time... this is the warning we get when we rsvp.At first I thought, the gull this one has to dictate rules and such for a small resto.Then I thought, well this one has to be so good he can permit himself to be capricious, you know, what with prep time for good cuisine and stuff.Turns out, it's all crap. All this posturing about a japanese chef, hell bent on quality control and making good food, is just fantasy. Things tend to be too salty, too sweet and tangy or all three at the same time. I'm confused as to what happened in the kitchen when we went because it is not at all what others said about this place.The only thing good was the plating, everything looked so pretty, but the food is just lacking...too much soy sauce.Disapointing.
5	I used to live by this place. I'd walk by almost every day and wonder what the deal with the cow print decor on the outside was without ever stopping to take a look at the menu in the window. Only after reading some Yelp reviews I decided to check it out with a friend who loves both Japanese and French food.Japanese-French fuzion WOWZA. Seriously. This is one of the best meals I have had in my life. Honestly I can be a bit squeemish about seafood at times but no bother here - too good. We ordered two of the five course tasting menu and shared the results. To start was a really well put togther and tasty salad, then a lovely miso soup. Then we were given an appetizer that I will never stop talking about. This dish was essentially a sushi roll, cut into four pieces. But it was fried, so the rice was crunchy, and it was topped with a melange of seafood, I think it was scallops. And topped with a miso sauce. I hesitated to eat my last piece because this dish was so magical. I am drooling just thinking about it. My friend ordered the lamb and I had a dish called Paradis de la mer. We shared. It was epic. I can't say which I liked better because I can't decide. Service was fantastic, really personalized. My friend was leaving for Japan in a week and the owner came and gave some suggestions for places to go - he also sent my friend an email days later with even more information. What a hero. The only small complaint that I could possibly have is that some of the flavours in the dishes were a bit too similar. But it's a damn good flavour - sticky misom soy lovely-ness. But just' sayin'I loved this place and would reccommend it to anyone looking for something a bit different than the regular. Also people looking for something awesome.
1	I can't tell what's happening with the ratings here - I cannot believe a place like this gets this high of a rating. Seems fishy.After my gf and I did some Tripadvisor + Yelp cross-referencing, we decided to visit Toroli, excited about trying some Japanese/French fusion. The dishes sounded inventive and exciting.Upon arrival, we were told that we were lucky to get a table because they were fully booked. I eyed the suspicious "Reserved" signs placed on each of the handful of tables in the tiny restaurant.  This was a flag to me - who needs to show off they're reserved?Flag two came when I noticed the two other parties dining at 7pm on a Friday night were tourist as well.This is some of the worst food I've ever eaten. There was a thick / sticky sweet soy something sauce that drenched 3 out of the 4 courses in our tasting menu that was so graciously suggested by our waitress. Our salad was swimming in the dressing The main course, my seafood rolls, were definitely cooked from frozen - my eating partner's duck was the same way too.We didn't even finish our meals, i'd say 95% of the food was left on the plate as I got up in a huff because I felt so ripped off. Be aware, Tripadviaor and Yelp are very misleading here. I feel there's something fishy happening - save your money and go elsewhere.
2	Nice service. Stuffy room.  Food ... drenched in sauce. The salad was meh and over-dressed. Miso soup was the highlight. Yum!  Beef carpaccio and sushi appetizers were soaking in similar salty teriyaki sauces. What a way to treat delicate foods?  Filet was bland and served on top of, yep, the sauce, maybe thicker. Grilled toro tasted tinny and also over-sauced. We skipped dessert (yes, that disappointing of a meal) and hit Rue St. Denis for ice cream, a breeze, and people watching. We were really looking forward to this meal.
5	I've been to Toroli twice and each time they've impressed!!!  One of the best restaurants that I've ever been to, let alone in Montreal!
