5	Alright this Hot Topic gets 5 stars on customer service alone. Ordered a dress online and the damn zipper broke before I could even get it on me. Quite daunting. Called up this store since it's the closest to my place to see if they had it. Talked to a wonderful associate named Crystal who looked up the dress which they did have in stock and when I went in, the exchange went smoothly and quickly. I also asked about a pair of clearance shoes which there are some in the district, just not in Vegas. She went above and beyond to take down my information and contact her district manager to see if we can get them shipped to this store. Haven't gotten word yet on if this is possible, but the gesture was nice and made dealing with this store a pleasing experience. The store itself was more organized than usual and upon entering I was greeted and asked if I needed any assistance. Now I know if there is something I need I can try and get it there first before going online.
5	Once again, Hot Topic totally did it for me. Got a call this morning from an associate who said my shoes were in. 5 days and they got them in from an outside state. Awesome. I was actually thinking of calling them today to see if getting the shoes was possible but they beat me to the punch. Went in and got to be helped by Crystal again who asked if I wanted to try on the shoes, etc. to make sure everything was okay. They were in perfect condition. The best part is that they were on clearance and Crystal signed me up for their new H+1 program so I got an additional 15% off. So not only does Hot Topic have great customer service, but now they have a new rewards program with a actual non-flimsy card that I would usually forget to stamp. Crystal and the other associates there were great and overall it was a really nice environment and I will definitely try to shop at this particular Hot Topic exclusively.
4	I really like the vibe this Hot Topic gives every time I walk in there. I am always greeted really politely and asked if I am just paroozing or have something in mind. Usually you get told once what is on sale for the day and then they just seem to know to leave me alone after that, because I do hate when I get told over and over about whats on sale or whats what. Tell me once, that is all I need and the staff here does that. I love the selection that they have. I got a really good deal on some perfume and some awesome batman slippers for a friend. I agree with Julie V. that his Hot Topic is more friendly then the other malls. This will be the one I go to for sure when I know I need Hot Topic swag !
