3	I love Disney, but this store isn't really worth it unless you fit into children's sizes.Most of the stuff here is costume. You know, like the Cinderella dresses that little girls run around in at Disneyland. They also have Barbies and little toys.This also only good if your favorite character is in a new release or is super popular, like Mickey or Bolt. I am a tried-and-true Alice fan, and the only thing they had last time I went was a  Cheshire Cat mug (I already have a Wonderland mug).It's fun to look around, but they actually have better Disney stuff at Hot Topic that doesn't really look goth. You should see there Little Mermaid shirts. And yes, they have Alice there. :)
4	I made a similar comment about the Meadows Mall in general, but the same applies here: This is a retro style Disney store.And when I say "retro", I mean "good".  Disney stores popped up in the malls during the 1980's/1990's, and were a good place to get Disney related movies, games, books, toys, music, collectibles, and whatever else the "House of Mouse" was hawking at the moment.  Then the stores started closing out, then made something of a return.  But what came back wasn't as good in comparison.  If it wasn't the creepy "sterile" feel to the revised stores, it was the total lack of variety in items.This is an old-school store, whether it stayed open all this time, or Disney realized that their new look was awful.It's a great store for the Disneyphile, and largely better than the hit and miss (and increasingly "miss" as time goes by) store out there by the outlet mall.  The staff has always been friendly and helpful, and have either been really knowledgeable about what they sell, or very helpful in trying to track something down or simply get answers.Granted, it's a little weird seeing Iron Man and Spider-Man in the store as a result of the Marvel/Disney merger a year or so back, but hey, more variety.Prices are a little lower at regular stores such as Target or Toys R Us, but the Disney Store is selling more theme park related collectibles now, and those are DEFINITELY cheaper here than in Anaheim or Orlando.Mileage depends on how much you like Disney, but it's a fun store to browse around in if you're about the Mouse.
4	While waiting for the in laws to finish up a transaction at a kiosk outside, we wandered into the Disney store, as our nieces love anything Disney & princess related. There is a good selection of Disney related merchandise and apparel. The prices are higher than "regular" stores, but it is an official store, so you know you are getting real items. We are going to spend way too much money once we know which characters the little ones are crazy for this year!
2	First off my family attends either Disneyland or Disney World every year.We are big Disney fans, especially with a little Disney Princess at home.  The Disney Store is usually a little chance to get some Disney Magic outside of the parks.  However, this store is notorious for fumbling over Disney promotions but a recent trip here has left me speechless.I probably know way too much about Disney but the lady behind the counter did not know who Aurora was when I went in to buy my daughter a dress.  She asked "which one is that?"  to which I responded "Sleeping Beauty" and she replied "Oh that's her name?"Now I know for non Disney-philes this does not seem like a big deal but for a company that forces every character in their parks to know the history and backstories like the backs of their hands this is really poor training.
1	This store used to be my favorite! It's really not that great anymore. I would rather travel to the Fashion Show Mall to visit their store than deal with management at this store.
