4	I was excited to see Sonoran hot dog on the menu.  I was disappointed that it was drenched in everything and didn't taste good.I usually get the California burrito and Adobada (similar or the same as Al Pastor) at every taqueria.  This location has flame broiled tasting carne asada and adobada, which I think is great compared to the usual grill fry.  There is fat on the meat, which some will not appreciate, but I truly prefer compared to the super lean of other taquerias.The red and green condiment sauces actually has flavor and texture compared to the Armando's on Deer Valley.  The DV location is very very watered down.There's one problem at this location that has been consistent since it opened.  The WAIT.  I've been here about 10 times since it opened at different days of the week and different times of the day.  Even as the only customer in the drive-thru, my usual order of 1 California burrito, 1 Adobada burrito,1  Cheese quesadilla, 1/2 order Super Nachos, 1 Chicken chimichanga always takes 25 minutes.  Last night I ordered the usual over the phone at 6pm and she asked how long will you be here, and I told her about 10 minutes since I only live over the hill in Tramonto.  She said OK.  I didn't get the food until 6:50pm.  Wow what a dinner rush.  It would've been nice if she said it will take 45 minutes.It's great that I do not have to drive to the DV location anymore.  And I think Roberto's in Anthem is overrated and slightly overpriced since it was on Diner's, Drive-ins and Dives - except it was the 7th Ave location at the Shell gas station.
5	We love this place! The rellenos are great, the pollo asado is great, the fish tacos are wonderful ... it's clean and organized, and the best part? DRIVE THRU!!!My husband is crazy about the Sonoran Dog. I think he'd eat it every day if he could.The salsa's homemade too. The only thing we didn't care for was the choco flan. Perhaps we should've eaten it at room temp, but it didn't taste at all like flan.
4	This is a good Mexican-Food restaurant. The carne asada burrito was very good. The salsa and spice also tasted good. The decor wasn't super cool, but the food makes up for it. Affordable and tasty. Good job.
5	Great food and very affordable prices!  Had the carnitas burrito and rolled tacos.  Everything was fresh and flavorful.
4	In previous Yelps, I have mourned that the closest Filiberto's for my chile relleno fix is a goodly 30-40 minute drive from Cave Creek. I mourn no more.We discovered Armando's when it was featured in Carefree-Cave Creek Chamber of Commerce newsletter---DH found it and asked if I knew there was a little Mexican place along Carefree Highway?  And, you know, it kind of sounded "Filiberto-ish"? Nope, did not.  So we had driven up to Cottonwood on an errand and it just so happened we hit 7th and CH right at dinner time and we just wanted some take-home so we could go home and put up our feet and eat and drink wine.  We went inside.  Brightly lit---typical "---berto's" decor (you know, Filiberto's, Roberto's, Edberto's, Sueberto's...) with about a half dozen people at the tables.  And, just like every "Berto's" I have been in---spotlessly clean!  I LOVE that!!!!  Just about the same menu too!So, what do you think I ordered?  Yeppers---#11...chile rellenos-no-rice-extra beans-green chile sauce.  (Sometimes I am sooo boring!)  DH got the carne asada burrito-no rice-extra beans-red sauce.  We took them home, and because it's SO CLOSE to our house, our meals were still really warm when we sat down.  What can I say---delish.  Freshly prepared, nicely fried (no old grease flavor!), filled with gooey cheese and a generous portion.  I was in heaven.  The green chile sauce really had flavor---it was actually not on par with Filiberto's---it was better!  DH really liked his carne asada burrito---he said it was great flavor, tasted very fresh.  The beans were good.So, this is now our go-to Mexican carry-out---I'll probably be in there at least once a week.  If DH and I have any caveats, it was that we wish we could get different beans.  It would be nice if they offered Borracho beans (I'll give them my recipe!) or black or pinto beans----refried beans are just kind of---refried beans.  But very tasty, nonetheless---have you ever had the ones that have that weird lardy-taste?  These do not!And the lady who waited on us---Latina, forty-ish, dark hair pulled back in a knot---is very nice.  And someone complained about a wait---I didn't time it, but I can pretty much guarantee we did not wait over 7 minutes for our meals, which I think is acceptable for something that is made-to-order.  You want Mexican in three minutes, go to Taco Hell,  where everything is pre-prepared  and has been sitting on the steam table for six hours.  Philistines!So I am a happy camper.  And I can quit sending Filiberto's headquarters emails asking for a store up further north!
2	I do not want to bash this place because the food was OK, but as other reviewers have said you do not see the value here as opposed to other taco shops.  The place is pretty clean, that being said on my experience there was not a clean booth to be found, we retrived napkins, wetted them, and cleaned our own table.  The temperature inside the restaurant would have been too cold in the summer, I do not think they had the heat on, probably a function of keeping the bills down.  In addition to their keeping the bills down the portions are rather small, there is no salsa bar with fill your own salsas (Other Armando's have this), and the $2 upcharge on the rice and beans is barely worth it, only a taste of each.  Given the limited choices in the area I think this will be a burrito to go stop going forward.
4	Great little place for Mexican food. Always clean, the food is good to great depending on your choice. Prices are reasonable and if you want more salsa just ask with no upcharge.  Great service and I have never experienced a long wait either. Really glad they are in the neighborhood!
1	Awful! I went through the drive-thru and ordered two chicken enchiladas w/rice & beans. I got home, opened the box and took a couple bites & got no chicken, so I cut the enchiladas open and it had 95% onions & peppers and 5% chicken! I love Mexican food, but this is the worst I've ever had! On a positive note, the rice & beans were good.
3	Hey! This is pretty good stuff. Fast and tastes less greasy than the other "Ricos". I love the grande nachos!!! A lot!!!
3	We slept late this past Saturday and wanted burritos for breakfast.  I was feeling to lazy to go to the store for the essentials and then cook and clean up; so we decided to try Armando's on Carefree Highway.  I headed out the door w/ the orders and the $$.  Armando's is on the south side of Carefree Highway at 7th street, behind the Discount Tire; it's at the west end of the strip mall.When I went inside, the place was neat, clean, and empty!?!?  I know it was a little later in the morning, but I was still surprised that I was the only one there.  The young lady at the counter greeted me w/ a smile and was pleasant and helpful w/ the order. I ordered a chorizo and egg burrito, a "Mando's" burrito for my wife; and as usual, a bean and cheese burrito for Jr.  I also ordered a side of rice.  Before I knew it, I had my food and was heading for home.The chorizo/egg burrito was good.  The tortilla was soft and it was stuffed w/ a nice mixture of the spicy sausage and egg.  My wife enjoyed the "Mando's" burrito; it had egg, potato, bacon, and cheese.  Once again, the tortilla was fresh and soft.  Jr. liked the bean and cheesed burrito, but it was a little to big for him.  I had a small sample of it, and must say the beans were good.  The side of rice was very good.  The rice had a lot of flavor, and was moist w/out being sticky. I can't find my receipt, but I want to say the entire bill was about $13, and we were all full and happy w/ our breakfasts.  I am giving Armando's 3 stars, since the only meal I have had here was breakfast.  We will try it soon for lunch or dinner; and if it's just as good as breakfast, I'll up it to 4 stars.I'm glad that Armando's is in the area; it is a welcome addition.
5	My wife and I recently moved to New River and we've eaten at Armando's a half dozen times. The food is prepared quickly and everything we've tried so far has been delicious. Very large portions and reasonable prices make this place a winner.
