5	Recently flew home to see family for Christmas and needed to board our two dogs (60 lb and 35 lb mutts).  Since Dogtopia is really close to the airport and my DH called our vet too late, we took a chance (we used to live near here but have since moved north).  Sooo glad we did, best vacation my dogs have ever had!  Instead of coming back with whooping cough and all stressed from being in a cage all day, they had doggie and people company, got exercise, and were very tuckered out and happy when I got them 5 days later.  I also had them bathed and groomed, they are so soft and cute now.  I could even see them playing during the day on their web site when I was in Canada.  First day was free for both of them since they're rescues.  How can you beat that???  Anytime we need to board they're going back to dogtopia.
5	Charlotte's number 1 trusted indoor dog daycare and boarding facility. Owner Nicole takes pride in every aspect of the business including extended service to help rescued dogs. There's a big reason Dogtopia has won the Best Of award. All animals must be vaccinated prior to using the facility. Services also include grooming. My dogs, #MecklenDog & #Mr704, are proud to support them. We hope you do too.
5	I have taken my dog to Dogtopia for almost a year now. I found them through the training classes they offered on weeknights, then progressed into daycare. My young german shepherd always comes home tired and I know she is well cared for. The best part? You can watch your dog at all times through the online webcams. Having 3 rooms for different temperament and energy levels plus outside space makes for one happy dog! I always know my dog is being properly cared for, and getting plenty of attention when she is there. The Dogtopia staff is always personable and makes it a point to get to know not only the dog but the owner personally. Can't say enough great things about this place!
4	My pup loves this place!It's obvious that the staff here at Dogtopia love doggies. Yes, pups come here to have fun, but Dogtopia is serious about the safety and well-being of their visitors of the dog persuasion: Before you are allowed to attend daycare or boarding, you must submit to an evaluation to make sure your dog has a temperament and attitude safe and suitable to socialize with other dogs (fee for this is $15).Dogtopia also requires that you be up to date on all your dog's vaccinations: Rabies, Bordetella (Kennel Cough), etc. The owner and staff here do a lot of volunteer work on their own time for shelters and foster care. This says a lot about what's important to them. Two thumbs up from this family. I think adopted doggies get their first day of daycare free!The best part about Dogtopia is that you can check in on your dog at any time with their doggie webcams! So cool!!We boarded our beagle mix here for about a week because our vacation didn't allow our furry friend to accompany. We were worried she might be anxious and upset because we had been gone so long. On the contrary, she was completely mellow. The alternation of fellow doggie playtime and nap-time is perfect for our pup.Sometimes we just bring her by for daycare just so she'll be in a great mood when we pick her up!Pricing: A full day is $27 (this rate lowers if you buy passes for multiple days). Saturday or a half day is $15. Overnight fee is $15+daycare fee.
5	If you are like me, your dogs are like your kids.... Well, my dogs are my kids for now!  I have never felt so comfortable to trust my dogs with anyone; Dogtopia is fantastic!  The staff is always warm and friendly and you can tell that they love their job and dogs! Nicole, the owner, is always a pleasure. My dogs routinely come home exhausted but are always clean. On site, you can get your dogs groomed and get their nails trimmed. There is always fun events and meet-ups going on, too. Dogtopia supports rescues and fosters animals until they find their forever homes. It's apparent they have big hearts! I love the fact that there are WebCams (and apps with iPhone and Droid) where I can remotely login and check in. And their schedule?  Besides the fact that it's adorable, dogs are kept active and busy but have ample time to nap and relax. I have referred several friends to Dogtopia and will continue to do so for a long time to come!
5	This groomer was great! I recently left Dogs All Day because they changed groomers and the quality wasn't there. Here I got quick service and my dog looks good. The price was $10 more and the place smelled like dog but not enough to not go back.
5	I am usually not a fan of doggy daycare but.My situation required me to make sure Dexter has a place to go to while I am work for a bit longer than I need to.The folks will do an assessment on your dog to see if he will be friendly with the other dogs. Happily Dexter passed his assessment.He had his first day and was totally exhausted. (Which was the outcome I needed)The place is nicely put together. They work hard at having their place smelling good by keeping it clean as best they can. All the workers are very attentive to the dogs. And they do assess and watch your dog play with other dogs as the day goes on. There is an app for your iPhone/Android that you can use to check in on your best buddy.Yes I would recommend that if you were on the south side of town you should use their services.Thanks folks!
4	I swear, Marley goes to the salon more than I do. True story.It appears all the reviews here are focused on boarding and doggy daycare. I don't use either of those things, so I would like to address the grooming portion of Dogtopia.We moved across town back in May and it's just too time consuming (and inconvenient) for me to run him to his normal groomer. So, I let Yelp lead the way in my new hood. What's this? A highly rated Dogtopia is just five minutes from my house? Sold.Despite a super busy holiday week, I was able to get an appointment with just a few days notice for a Saturday afternoon. When I arrived, the workers had a thorough talk with me about what I wanted done. I was a little fearful because I had been a bad dog mommy. Marley was a giant, matted furrball mess. Some groomers would just say, well there's nothing we can do but shave. (Seriously, that happens at some places and it's awful) That wasn't the case here. When I returned to pick him up a couple hours later, he looked like a brand new dog. A fantastic Yorkie haircut complete with an adorable little bandanna. He was ready to get out of there though. A couple of barking dogs in crates were stressing him out big time.Price was comparable to my regular place. Check in and check out were both a breeze. Dogtopia also had a cute little case of dog cookies on sale. I rewarded Marley for his bravery by purchasing three. He loved them. I almost took a bite of one because they looked that delicious. I refrained. Glad I could have self control to stop myself from trying a dog treat.Wanna bring your four legged friend here? Just make sure they are up to date on all the shots.
5	I absolutely love the staff. This is the only place I board my baby! There grooming services are reasonable and he smells great and looks great every time. They are very flexible and responsive. They always call me back and try to cater to my needs. My only compliant is that they need a backup groomer, when their only groomer is out it is a huge inconvenience.
5	As a first time puppy mom, I was nervous reading boarding horror stories of places around Charlotte. After reading Yelp reviews on Dogtopia, I decided to give them a try. The location is convenient to my Southend location, and it's a little away from the city.The staff is always incredibly nice, and they're very flexible. I had to travel for work, and didn't wan't my pup to be crated all day. I called Dogtopia in a frenzy, and they told me I could drop her off within the hour. I'm so grateful to have a place that not only can work with my schedule, but that I can trust and know my little Zuzu is taken care of!Great things about Dogtopia:-The staff. Thank you guys! -Everytime I pick her up, she's absolutely exhausted from playing with other dogs. -If you ever want to check on your pup, Dogtopia offers video cameras in their playrooms that you can check on through your phone or computer.-Safety. The dogs must be evaluated by personality and to ensure they are up to date on their shots.-Flexibility. If you are running late from the office close to 7pm, you can call and they will wait for you. Don't make a habit of it (they have a life too) but it's a nice extra service.-On Staff Groomer. I forgot to clip Zuzu's nails, and called them while she was being watched for the day. They fit her into their schedule, and it was reasonably priced.I highly recommed Dogtopia! Thanks guys for taking care of my little one!
1	I started coming to this place bc i used to live close. After my last visit, i wouldn't come back there ever again. The first time i used them they did great. Second was par. But this last visit was terrible.First of all when i called to schedule a grooming appointment, the person i spoke started arguing with me when i told her my 100 lb husky does not do kennels. He will fight it anyway he can. Instead of being accommodating she tried to shame me because it is not their protocol. I wouldve waited the three hours if they wanted me to. That should've been sign enough to not go there. But my dog had been there before and i like for him to be comfortable.Secondly, when i got there they rushed him to the back, instead of easing him back there, and making him feel comfortable. That should've been my second sign but i just wasn't thinking.When i went to pick him up he was really ready to go, which is generally not a good sign because he is always so happy go lucky.  I put him in my car and drove home, he would not jump down from the car (sedan). So i drove him to my mom's so she could watch him all day for me. When i got home around 10:30 from work she told me he had only gotten up for 15 minutes at best ( to potty once and eat)That worried me so i stayed at my mom's house that night, he came and laid down on the couch with me in the bonus room around 11:30. I figured he could use a potty break after about 30 mins. When i touched him to motion to go, he started CRYING. I immediately jerked my hand away and touched him in the same spot gently again. I got the same result, so i got him sitting on the ground and squeezed all him muscles gently, nothing. So we walked down the stairs and he slowly LIMPED down. He is only 5 years old, he should not be having these issues.I called the next day and no one was able to tell me what happened.  It took about 2 1/2 days for him to come back to somewhat of his normal self. I am assuming it was a sore muscle since he rested and then it hurt him. Probably somebody wasnt watching and he fell off the table or something.Very thoughtless and negligent staff.  TRY SOMEWHERE ELSE! Its so hard to find good and caring staff for your family member who cant speak. Im outraged, kinda like if you saw a story on the news about a kindergartner going home with a black eye because he or she refused to take a nap. I don't know how this place has such good reviews unless they are all friends with the owner or something. I have never tried boarding here but i am way pickier about that then grooming.
