3	Standard Pizza Hut. The deep dish pizza was great. No seating. Great for take-out.
1	Placed an order for delivery and what I got was nothing like what I actually ordered. I don't see why pizza hut gives you the option of different toppings of each half of the pizza, when in reality they give you what they want not what you order.Very upset with my order, I should've given the pizza back to the driver but he was gone by the time I opened the box.I was able to eat one slice and had to get rid of the rest of the pizza :(
2	This place has messed up on my last two orders and it is always on the cheese sticks. The first time I got bread sticks instead of cheese sticks and this last time I didn't get marinara. I called back asking if they could bring me some. They were apologetic and said they would bring some right away, which they did... But it was cold!
5	The dinner box is pretty big 4 the price. The pizza here is pretty good. I love the cinni sticks and the chicken Alfredo.  I was an walk in and I didn't have to wait more than 15 which is pretty cool depending on how hungry you are.
5	This Pizza Hut location is awesome. The staff is fast and friendly and I'm always in and out when picking up or even when ordering and waiting. If you walk in you'll probably be walking out with your pizza in 15 min or less. Usually I order online for carryout and my order is always ready when I show up. Never had a problem with an order and my order is always fresh and tasty. Go for a large pan w/ half pepperoni and half pork sausage; which is my go to order. This is one of the better locations for fast carryout pizzas
3	The staff just doesn't have it together.   Good food but much better experiences at the Losee location.
4	Well its hot & fresh. I like it thin with mushrooms olives onions & sausage. The wings are cool as well. Long as they are Bbq. I enjoy this location most because they are close to home.
3	They took 43 minutes to deliver our two pizzas. One being cheese. One being half cheese half pepperoni. If that helps.. The pizza was cut incredibly poorly and was falling apart. The person who delivered was not polite at all, made no eye contact and didn't even speak.
1	The first time this place was a half hour late. This second time, they were half an hour late again n I must have slept thru their half ass late knock.. Credited my card back- thank god. The only good thing that came from this joint. Try the doorbell or being on time next time. Guess that's why they work at Pizza Hut. Xoxo
1	Worst Pizza Hut ever. I have ordered from them a handful of times (mainly because they are literally 1 minute from my house). Every. Single. Time I order, they are WAY (15-20 minutes) past the quoted time, and they always tell me that "the driver went on a double, and that my order left 15 minutes ago". So, I'm literally waiting for my pizza knowing it isn't fresh. I have canceled my order on several occasions because I am not paying for cold food. I will never order from here again. I will be sticking to Rosatis down the street, better quality of food, better staff, and they deliver your food BEFORE the quotes time.
1	The absolute worst experience with any business. Went to pick up my order and the manager Terry was working behind the counter. Instead of a hello or welcome, we were greeted by a "I'll get somebody else to help you!". He was extremely rude and unprofessional and I feel very bad for his workers. It became immediately clear that he was not having a good night or life. He is a horrible representation of the brand, I will stay away from this location and also recommend for everyone else to also stay away. Worst experience ever and I was tempted to cancel my order and walk out.
5	We've frequented this Pizza Hut several times and we've always been pleased. We always order online and when we pick it up the service is always super friendly and great! The food is always hot when we get it and always tastes delish!
2	Giving it two stars now. My last three orders have all been a failure. Ordered bacon cheese stuffed crust, each slice of pizza were literally 3-5 bites, so yes, the pizza slices were incredibly small and the crust was way too much. 2nd complaint. Ordered pasta, took nearly an hour, for ONE pasta. Week later, ordered another, same exact situation, except they didn't bring me my entire order. Really disappointed. They can do better. They have done better. They need to get it together.
