3	I attended a very nice wedding here last week.  It feels like it's out in the middle of nowhere, but luckily it's easily accessible to the 101 and 202.   So, it's both exotic and convenient.The facility is a renovated Tuscan looking estate surrounded by gardens and meandering walkways.   The ceremony took place under a gazebo and flanked with a strange seating layout - the groom's side of the seating was long and narrow and the bride's side was wide and shallow. The dinner took place in an nicely decorated adjacent banquet hall.Planning could have been better regarding the sprinkler system - or maybe it was part of the plan to have the sprinklers go off on a distant patch of grass on the unsuspecting wedding planner.   Hee hee!!
4	I guess weddings always seem like they are going to be bad, but then you go and you have a better time than you think.  Perhaps there is something about seeing obscure relatives all dressed up and tying empty cans to string behind a car that has some calming effect.  If you luck out, there will be a drunken aunt or uncle who will make a scene or a bridesmaid that will vomit (quick, hold her hair!). Plus, the whole tab is on your brother-in-law, how bad can that be?I traveled to Arizona to attend my cutie niece's wedding at Ashley Manor. Mom, Dad and I were all charmed by the place.  The pleasant space is an old Spanish hacienda (probably built by a dairy farmer) with lush gardens--lawns, fountains, pavilions, gazebos--they have it all. My pretty niece looked even prettier with the backdrop of the Ashley Manor. Every nook and cranny, inside and out, is a wonderful photo op for the bride, groom and family members. The whole event seemed to me to go without a hitch.  Unlike a hotel or the country club, where there are other guests and members, we had the very private and intimate home and grounds all to ourselves. You really did feel special at this casa grande. I would crash someone else's wedding just to go there again.Here's a tip: eat outside. The ceremony was outside but her dinner was in a noisy ballroom. The grounds are magical at night. Magical. In late October, the outside temperature was perfect and I wish we had been outside. I know it's hard to plan the outside conditions a year in advance, but if you can possibly pull it off, have the dinner outside (or even just the cake). Your guests would never forget a dinner party here under twinkling stars and candles.
1	Ashley Manor committed to a memorial service and then after we sent out the evites and planned the event they pulled the plug saying they were over committed. Unbelievable!! Under no circumstance should this have happened.  If they can't book properly how can the do anything properly.  I am appauled. Do not use this venue under any circumstance.
5	lots of eating place within walking distance. When we got tired, we just went back to the hotel room to rest. The rooms were spacious and clean, beds were comfortable and it was quiet. The hotel was conveniently located to access the freeway to all the CA attractions we drove to.
