4	This is the only Big Dog's I've been to, and it is surprisingly nice considering the surrounding neighborhood.  I noticed that there were several families dining in the restaurant portion of the building.  I like the Wisconsin theme that they have going.  The steak and brat sandwich is an orgy of meat on a bun, and not terribly expensive.  I really really like the beers, especially the pale ale and the Red Hydrant Ale.  I just wish that they had a location much closer to where I live.
3	Came here mostly for the in-house brewed root beer - it did not disappoint.  Potato skins, awesome, but nothing creative here, just traditional.  I asked for a Big Dog burger, wanted it medium rare, tasted like well done.  Regretfully, if I'm coming hungry, the entree had better be right.  Service was ok, server kept getting check wrong, but was friendly enough.  It's also a bit out of the way from everything, I would say it's worth trying at least once if you're near the area.
4	This Big Dog's carries the Big Dog brewed rootbeer. So if you like rootbeer they have it.However there menu is overpriced, but not so much when they run their whole, buy $75 on a gift card get $25 back, and also get on their reward plan so you get fatty discounts. Yeah, it's on north nellis, and the surrounding area isn't very "pretty" but that's my eastside ghetto I live in and I love it! Real cities are like that and at least this part of Vegas has the best rootbeer in Nevada, dare I say the US!The happy hour chicken wings during NFL football are my favorite with bbq sauce $5 for about a dozen...Damn I want some now! Also the major company does these beer tasting events which I want to go to but have no one to go with. So I think it's a hell of a place. But I am biased by the inhouse brewed rootbeer!
3	Regular bar to drink a beer and catch a game, I was there for a Monday night game.The service was not great, since they were all taking care of a large group of men, about 25 mainly the military look, probably from Nellis AF.i've been to may breweries in my day and this was not impressive would not make it in Portland OR, I ordered the IPA and their version of a Stout and they both came up short.Could be done better, but earns a star for being just 2 blocks away from my house!I'll try the root beer next.
5	There are a few Big Dogs Brewery locations out here in Vegas but since this one is close to my house, I decided to check it out.  I drive by here every day and before realizing that it was a Big Dogs Brewery, it kind of blended into the drab of the North Nellis scenery.  The surrounding neighborhood isn't much to look at (with all the used car and tire shops littered about) but considering, Big Dogs was actually a pleasant surprise with it's nicely arranged interior and inviting atmosphere.  Right when we walked in, there was a sign of all the Big Dog brews they had on tap and aside from the subtle hilarity of the beer names they had, it was actually nice to see what you can order and not have to ask the server.  So I sat down, ordered the 38 special (which was not bad, I might add), and was surprised to see my beer come with a bowl of pretzels.  Not sure if that's common but I've never gotten pretzels, or any other snack for that matter, at a bar so that is definitely a plus.  Plus, the bartender kept refilling the bowl all night so I can't complain.  I also saw that they had a rootbeer on tap and I figured it must be good if they brewed it because locally brewed rootbeer is bound to be awesome.  I ordered a rootbeer and tasted it and it was pretty damn killer!  I'm not really a fan of rootbeer but this was enough to get me to order a glass every time I come here in the future.  Aside from that, everything else was pretty good.  They had numerous amounts of video poker machines available and 10 different TVs to watch (yes I counted them all haha).  The servers could've been a little more friendly and inviting but the fact that they gave us coins to put into their charity jar (1 for each beer that we drank) to make donations to local/national charities was awesome and made up for the lack of communication haha.  I'll drink a beer, or two, or three for charity any day haha!  Definitely looking forward to coming back here again and maybe I'll review the food if I eat there next time.
4	Come here almost every Tuesday with friends. Their homemade cheese curds are pretty good, as well as most of their appetizers. They have good deals on Tuesdays, 2 for 1 burgers and discounts on beer. I'm not a big beer drinker but my husband and friends come here for that particular reason. This place brews it themselves. I do enjoy their also home brewed root beer. Seriously, one of the best I've ever tasted. As far as food, it's alright bar food. Good tasting sandwiches and burgers. My husband has had their chicken (on the dinner menu) a few times and each time it was dry. So don't order that. I've had their fiesta taco salad, it wasn't edible. Their chicken fingers and twice baked wings are pretty good. Also their garlic fries. Service is decent. Nice friendly staff.
5	The third, and most humble Big Dogs.  This pub chain is more than just a bar, it is one of the best breweries in the state, if not the country!  The sandwiches are great here, particularly the Philly Cheese steak.   Of course, what is a cheese steak without a microbrew like Dirty Dog, or my favorite, Alpha Dog.  The beer is what is special about Big Dogs!Out of all of the Big Dog locations, this one is the friendliest.  The downtown area doesn't have a lot of outstanding Las Vegas attractions, but this one of them.  Try the cheese curds, they're awesome!  And if you happen to be on the up and up with the beer revolution in America, than you need to see what Vegas has to offer.  Big Dogs brews my favorite beer!
5	Hi, um, have you had their cheese curds? Because if you haven't you are missing out on a tiny piece of heaven - in your mouth! Seriously though, Big Dog's knows how to deliver tasty bar-food, especially in the form of deep-fried cheese. Hey, if I'm going to down tasty beers brewed locally I'd like to pair them with the most unhealthy thing possible, thank you very much.The Big Dog's is located on the east side, on Nellis, just a jaunt from Nellis AFB (therefore offering a nice selection of good to look at Air Force men folk if you arrive at the right time). They also have an aaawesome happy hour. Including reduced prices on their brews as well as their pitchers! On a recent jaunt to this bar I had the "Holy Cow!". Very tasty! And I had their fried-steak sandwich. Oh it was good - it was basically a chicken fried steak on a bun, with a delicious pepper seared on it, with cheese and lettuce, tomato, and pickles. OH BONUS - it comes with an avocado spread! Yes, I think I'm in love with this sandwich. I love Big Dog's and I have for YEARS. This place has been open in Las Vegas since I was tiny little kid and my parents took me here. It is an institution you have to visit if you're in Vegas. Go to Big Dog's, enjoy the smokey-waftiness as you walk in, ignore it, and continue in - and then sit down for a perfect bar-food, beers kind of night!
4	Update time for my beloved Big Dog's. Can you tell I'm an East Side gal and just can't get out of my comfort zone? Haha. So many places in Vegas on the west side of the valley I'd like to try, but I'm just too lazy and my Jetta just won't make the drive. Tee hee. Went to Big Dog's for a big hearty breakfast (and military discount). The place had the smell of Saturday night still lingering in it when my parents and I arrived at about 10:00 AM this morning, on a Sunday. But I don't let things like that stop me, it is a bar after all. I guess that smell probably indicates a rocking Saturday evening so can you really fault the place?I had an omelet (make it your own way), and I got ham, cheddar cheese, and jalapenos. The thing is massive. I only ate half of it. They did not skimp on the fillings which was nice. Plenty of ham, plenty of 'penos. Came with a ton of hash brown (slightly crispy, slightly softly potato-y), and an English Muffin (or toast). My Mom got the "Double Down" breakfast: two eggs (your way), hash browns, your choice of bacon or sausage, and your choice of bread. Mum said is was good. Dad got the morning's special: Pumpkin pancakes! They were as big as my head!! And you get three of them. I tasted them and I thought they were good, but seriously, too sweet for me to eat for breakfast (then add maple syrup and you might as well be having Pixie Stix on a plate). But still - a very nice surprise and well executed for a bar!Service was a little iffy. Our server seemed a little out of it, not totally sure of what she was doing, but still nice enough. She got the food out and kept our coffees filled. Guess you can't ask for too much more than that.Although not a 5-Star experience, it was still good! I like Big Dog's for drinking beer and having bar food better, but if you're on the East Side and you need a BIG breakfast for cheap this is a good place to hit up!
5	First beer free for military and I had the steak and brat sandwich. It was good. It's a little hole in the near the base. The servers were friendly. It' my first time but it won't be my last. I want with friends who have been here many times.
