4	Came here after a friend recommended it. It's owned by the guys that have Port of Siam down Leith. This is their second venture.  At the front is the Bangkok Bar which serves street food and in the bigger section round the side, is Port of Siam restaurant.I'd hope to try the special - pork dumplings - but they were sold out so I had the Por Pia instead - Thai style spring rolls, jumbo size, with a prawn, pork and herb filling. They came with some sweet chilli dipping sauce and were really nice.  Portion wise they would make a decent starter to share between two or a good snack for one person.Miss W had the Pad Thai. She really enjoyed it on her first visit so wanted to try it again to check it lived up to her memory of it.  Apparently it did.  It was a decent helping and looked lovely, plently pieces of chicken, lots of beansprouts and a generous helping of noodles.  The crushed peanuts and the chilli were served on the side, which I thought was a good idea.We shared a portion of thai prawn crackers which were lightly spiced and very more-ish.I'd definitely go back but probably sit in the restaurant area.  The bar is very small and whilst it's fine in the summer, I think it'll be cold in the winter as the tables are in line with the main doors.
4	edinburgh is awash in a renaissance of trendy cocktail bars and while i love a cocktail and an awesome cocktail bar i have to say they have all gotten a wee bit same-y.  all exposed brick and industrial chic with cocktails in fancy glasses, which is fun but sometimes all i want is a just a really good cocktail without all the frills.  so walking into bangkok bar was a welcome refresh for my tired cocktail palate.this bar is small, but cosy.  it sits at the front of the port of siam restaurant (although you can enter the restaurant via a different door if you fancy it) and offers a fairly comprehensive cocktail list and a small thai street food menu as well.  there's probably room for about a dozen people although this would make it seriously cosy with the few tables squeeze in against the wall across from the bar.my two friends and i were only in for a quick drink, so after perusing the menu we ordered two cocktails and one glass of wine.  the cocktail menu as i said is quite good, they have all the classics and almost a dozen thai inspired cocktails.  sadly i have no recollection of the name of my drink and i can't find the menu online, but i can assure you that it was a delightful thai inspired creation that left me wishing i had time to have a second one.  my friend had ordered a classic standby in the form of a margarita which she proclaimed was very good and my other friend enjoyed her glass of wine.overall, this place is great.  the service is friendly (it's table service if you're not sat at the bar which is convenient) and the drinks are reasonably priced.  the food menu looked like decent value and looking at the food other people had ordered the options looked tasty.  i'm definitely keen to swing by this place again when i'm bored of industrial chic and overly forced new cocktail creations to try something fresh and different.
