5	Must see for kids and their grown-ups alike! The main attraction here are the Dinosaurs-- big as life and nearly as scary. In fact, you might want to give your kids a primer before visiting. We learned the hard way once when our five-year-old became so terrified we had to leave. (Bad Mom). The three-story Dinosaur Mountain, complete with thunder, a simulated flash flood and mechanical prehistoric creatures, is quite impressive. Besides the dinos, there are several other fun attractions at the museum. What kid wouldn't want to pan for "gold," visit a (replica) Spanish Mission, or get locked in the authentic pioneer jail? There are also two changing galleries and a gift shop.
4	One can get rather museum'd out while traveling, but even if you're thinking "meh...natural history..." you should make it over to this museum.  This isn't a building filled with stuffed ducks and foxes, like most Natural History museums and I totally geeked out during my visit. I took photos. of ROCKS. man I love science! AMNH is all about local natural history, dinosaurs and meteorites and it is fabulous! I had no idea about the awesome crystal caves in Arizona and all the wild meteor hits that have happened here. There was even an eye witness description of a meteor shower impact from a 100+ year old lady who was a kid when her town was shaken by the space rocks. The center of the museum houses a particularly amusing display of automaton dinosaurs that growl and screech at each other, there are replicas of native american homes as well as some original pottery and best of all, a gold panning courtyard! Siv to your hearts content looking for gold in the man-made river before heading back inside to the Mars exploration exhibit. Tthis is a small museum but a really rad one and if you are in the Valley you have to stop by. Don't forget your camera!
4	We went to the museum on a Sunday.  They are only open from  1-5 pm on Sundays but it worked well for us.  We had fun, great outing for kids and adults.  We loved going from room to room to see what the museum would offer next.  My daughter had the most fun panning for fools gold and in the dinosaur rooms.  The gift store was right up my childs alley, lots of rocks and geods to choose from.  We had fun which is what museums sometimes should be about.  Only negative was some of the exhibits could use a little updating, some light bulbs were out, minor things really.  Oh, was Elvis the alligator real or fake?  We stared at it for awhile and couldn't tell.
4	Go here while the library is giving out the free passes every week. We've been twice in two weeks. The lil'un loves the dinosaurs, the gushing waterfall and the exploration play room made just for little kids to explore. They also all the kiddos and the grownup kiddos to pan for gold outside which is a huge hit with the lil'un. Oh, and its not real gold...so don't go running there... :-pThe admission passes if you have to pay can be a little steep. If you go on Saturdays, you might be able to catch the Mesa Farmers Market (Their last day is April 24th this spring and then they close for the summer) which is held within walking distance and is also a great way to stroll around and spend time with your family.
5	This was a great museum. I would have NEVER taken my 5 year old here if it weren't for the Yelp reviews and they were right. This is much more then a bunch of stuffed foxes, lol. It was 90% about dinosaurs. It has bones, and life size dino statues. My 5 year old loved it. They also have a water feature out back where they can sift for gold (fools gold, the same to a child). There were quite a few interactive things for the kids as well. Really great for kids. I loved this museum. Not the largest I've been too, but the quality makes up for that.
4	I went here with my husband for my birthday because, while I may be 24, I am still a kid at heart who loves dinosaurs and history. I don't think I've been to this museum since I was a little kid, but I have fond memories of field trips here, and as an adult this place did not disappoint.From the moment you walk in the door, you can see cool dinosaur skeletons. It's far from an empty lobby, and the museum atmosphere is apparent immediately. A quick study of the map after paying the admission price and you'll get an idea of the best path to take around the museum.Currently the museum has a special exhibit about the Therizinosaur. It's a cool exhibit. Besides that, there are dinosaur skeletons, the old territorial prison, Native arts and crafts, and an awesome waterfall/flash flood display.My only complaint is that the explanations of each exhibit are sometimes a bit long and wordy (especially in the Therizinosaur exhibit). The info is fascinating but with so much to see, it can be hard to stay still and read the entire thing. Bullet points and the use of bigger headlines that summarize the exhibits more clearly could be useful.
4	This is a fantastic museum for kids!  I have taken my 4th grade classes to this museum on field trips before, but I haven't been in a couple of years.  This time, I was in the company of an adorable 4-year-old, which gave me a whole new perspective!The museum is great for teaching all about Arizona's history.  Some highlights of our previous field trips have included the Hohokam village, displays on the Spanish & Mexican influence, a replica of a territorial jail, and the" 5 C's of Arizona" courtyard.  Of course, everyone loves the dinosaurs, too!  :)The museum has added a lot of interactive exhibits since I've been.  They have large floor puzzles around nearly every corner, which the little guy just loved!  We spent a long time in the Dinosaur Exhibit Hall, as well.  There is a new interactive exhibit all about Light & Color, which had a lot of fun science-related activities.  We especially enjoyed the "glow-in-the-dark" room!  :)  Another new feature is a room filled with books, puzzles, and hands-on science activities.  We spent a while here, as well, playing with magnets and puzzles.  We could have spent longer, but we had already been at the museum for 2 1/2 hours!  All in all, for a small museum, this is a great way to spend a hot summer day in Mesa.  There's plenty to see and do, and it will keep the kids entertained for several hours.
5	I brought three girls here, ages 4, 7, and 11.  ALL of the girls really enjoyed the exhibits, in different ways!  My 4 year old really liked the "real" dinosaur shows that go on about every 30 minutes.  It was very cool, and kind of Vegas-like in the quality of presentation and showmanship.  They all enjoyed the technology exhibits, stones, minerals, and critters of the Sonoran Desert, and the gold panning was great!!  Cute little outdoor area.  This is a very fun place that only takes you maybe 2-3 hours max to get through.  I suppose you could spend more time as an adult, but kids just cruise through very superficially.  I was pleasantly surprised at how much we all enjoyed it...  and will definitely return.  If you like the Arizona Science Center (who doesn't?)... this is almost like a mini version of that.  Love it!!!
4	I recently visited the Arizona Science Center, & today came to check this one out, joined by Mike C.  Ok, it's not the same thing, but I'd say this one rules!  There's plenty to see here, It's fun for both adults & kids.  A couple of the excellent features are an old MINE to go through, & lots of DINOSAURS!!    :-))The walkways kind of wind all over the place, so try to keep track of where you've been, & not miss anything.  They've put a lot of work into this museum, & you're going to like it!Open Tue thru Fri 10-5, Sat 11-5, Sun 1-5, Closed Monday.Adults:  $10Kids 3-12:  $6Students 13+ with ID:  $8Seniors 65+:  $9
5	We came to the Museum with five children ages 8 to 2 and three adults!  This was the first visit for most of us and we all enjoyed the entire museum!I really enjoyed the dinosaurs and all their exhibits.  The wife enjoyed the Indian exhibit, our friend enjoyed the Spanish Conquistador exhibit.  Of course the kids loved the jail.  They actually went through the jail numerous times.  As for the parents, we're not sure how we feel about all of our children loving "jail time".We panned for gold and found out we were rich, just not monetarily.  We were challenged with the pottery puzzle! And totally amazed by the star exhibit and meteorites!  The kids liked the Flash Flood and waterfall too!The different levels, exhibits, twists & turns and hands-on areas were totally cool!  I may be 40, but I felt like a kid again enjoying history and education from the Museum with my kids. We can't wait to go again to check out all the great things we may have missed!
5	Great interactive museum!  We have visited twice since moving from TX.Loved the dinosaurs.
2	i guess i'm the only person that didn't enjoy this museum but i guess my standards are a bit higher. if you came with kids, the gold panning would probably be fun but seeing as i truly enjoy natural history, i found 99% of the museum to be less than educational. "dinosuar mountain" seemed cheap, as did the animatronics that went with it. the jail and gold panning section seemed meh. i do think it would be great for kids and it's a decent price, but i'll skip it next time..
5	What a great place, I did not have expectations except that my kids would get to see dinosaur bones and I was pleasantly surprised how large this place was and all that they had to offer.  The dinosaur exhibit was great, they had several full size dinosaurs and plenty to learn about them.  I was very happy to see that they had real jail from historic Mesa so you can see how the inmates lived.  The had gold panning (fools gold of coarse but the kids loved it).  They had history of AZ and meteorites and Indian history with all real artifacts.  I really enjoyed coming here and I didn't even get passes or discount (it was worth the cost).
4	My child is taking summer classes there right now, she is 4 and loves it! I hadn't been to the museum before this but plan on it after classes are over.The staff is so friendly and professional with the kids. Its been a great experience so far and we will keep coming back! The classes are a tad pricy but worth it and there was a discount for taking all of the classes.
5	Great museum for kids and family's. Took my son here for his 5th birthday so he could see dinosaurs and we all loved it. Has something for everyone. Has all the dinos for the kids and adults, the gemstones and meteroites. Also loved panning for gold and the mining and jail tour.Prices are good and are even better with the culture pass from the library. I'm sure we will be back !
5	Wow, what a cool museum!  I went on their free day, which falls on the 1st Sunday of every month but it's absolutely worth full admission price.  My first impression was so cute too because they were letting all the lil kids have fun with sidewalk chalk art.  Then, once I stepped inside the building, I was super excited... they have some pretty impressive dinosaur skeletons!  Walking on, each room was filled with wonder.  It is a must-do if you have kids, and a should-do even if you don't!   :)See ya there!
5	This is one of the best museums in the Phoenix area!  I love bringing my kids here, and they enjoy going.The admission price is very reasonable, and they have free days once a month.  Whether you pay full price or get in for free, it's definitely worth your time.The Museum is spread out enough that even if there are a lot of people there that day, you don't feel crowded and can still see all of the exhibits and take your time.It has a plethora of AZ history, from dinos to geology to Native people to Spanish settlers to movies.Seriously, go visit this gem tucked in the middle of Mesa.
5	This place is more wonderful than expected.Dinosaur bones, minerals, space science, Arizona history and science.It is definitely worth the drive to Mesa : )
5	From the outside I did not know what to expect, but once inside you are blown away. This museum is much more than meets the eye and has something for everyone.We did the Living Social deal to get a membership and on our first visit, even though we hadn't sent us the membership card yet, they still let us in no questions asked with our printed voucher. The museum was not overrun and there was so much to see. The gold panning was one of my favorite spots in the whole place and instantly made me think this would be an awesome place for our son's birthday, once he was old enough. Great spot for families and anyone who just gets a kick out of history and science, I cannot wait to go back.
4	This museum is located in downtown Mesa. Parking is right across the street which makes it very convenient! Parking is free which makes it even nicer :)Admission is $10.00 per adult or should I say anyone 12 and over. I believe this is a fair price for a museum.History is bountiful within the walls of this museum. The levels of history encompass everyone regardless of age. The kids (young ones) seem to enjoy the large dinosaurs that surround the rooms. There are several "hands on" areas for smaller children. Teens have a lot to read about rocks, fossils, and history. I am sure you could spend hours walking around reading every last word, it does seem a little redundant and a lot to read.Over all I think it's a nice museum, I just don't believe it is 5 Stars worth!
5	This is a great museum.  I became a member in May, 2011 and have renewed my membership.  Living here in the valley in the summer leaves me with a very limited amount of activities that I can take my kids to without breaking the bank.  The membership for a family of four is VERY affordable.  The kids (9 year old son and 4 year old daughter) love to visit the museum and have yet to get tired of it.  They have activities all throughout the year that you can attend and not feel like it was a waste of time.
5	When I was a kid my parents use to take us here to kill a few minutes of the day. We were bored to death. But wow has this place changed! My kids love coming here and we spent hours exploring the dinosaurs, gold panning, and playing in the real jail cells (about the only thing I remember as a kid enjoying and they're still here). Highly recommended.
4	It should be called "Mesa Museum of Various Things You Didn't Think You'd Find Together, But Will Nonetheless Likely Find Entertaining and Informative".But they're into brevity out there in Mesa. Town only has 4 letters in its name. So they settled on "Museum of Natural History". If the dinosaur and geology exhibits (which are pretty impressive) get boring, follow the path starting in the room with the puzzles and toys near the 3-story waterfall and you can check out an exhibit on the history of movie production in Arizona. Keep walking and there are examples of Native American art and pottery. Keep going! You still have to check out the replica walk-through gold mine. Oh, and that ends in the actual Mesa City  Jail that was in use from the 1930's through the 70's. You can hang out in an actual jail cell and be reminded of why you don't punch people in the face when they tick you off. Namely: Because jail sucks.  Then, when you get out of jail go outside to the backyard and do some real-life gold panning in the stream. Honestly, it's probably iron pyrite, but the effect on the imagination of a 5-6 year old is the same.It's worth the entrance fee. Tons of fun for everyone!
5	What a GREAT museum.  We went today for Free First Sunday.  (Every month there are three museums in Mesa that offer free admission on the first Sunday of the month - sponsored by Target).  It was pretty crowded but we managed with no problem.  The exhibit halls are very well done.  There's a little something for everyone - dinosaurs, space, mesoamerica, Arizona in the movies, panning for gold, replica pueblos, walk through jail, archaeology finds, etc.  I was impressed with the staff as well.  They were friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and plentiful.  We really enjoyed our visit.  Great place for the entire family - everyone is bound to find something they enjoy.  My 10 yo daughter and 12 yo son enjoyed it equally and are already looking forward to returning!
5	AWESOME! I took my 6 year old son and he loved it! We came Sunday afternoon and it wasn't very busy at all which was so nice, we got to see everything and not feel rushed or crowded. He already wants to go back. I think the dinosaurs were the highlight of this museum, really amazing :) Prices are very resonable as well. I think it was only $10 for an adult and $6 for a child.
4	We had a great time everything was very interesting. Spent about 3 hours there. Reasonably priced for the time spent there. Adult $10 Child $6Only 1 complaint:Very disappointed that the gift shop closed before the museum. Unfortunately this prevented my 5 year old from being able to get a souvenir on the way out which made her very sad. I do not want to purchase an item and then have to carry it around with me or stop what I'm doing to run to the gift shop 20 mins before the museum closes. Never have I been to any attraction where they close the gift shop early. You would think that the museum would want to allow people to purchase items as they leave. Would be more profitable for the museum.
5	Loved this museum! Great for kids . . . and kids of all ages.  I'm not sure what the definition of "natural history" is, but it seemed to me a little bit of everything under the Arizona sun was part of this Natural History Museum. Never an opportunity to get bored. The exhibits are on three levels, but with stairs, ramps and elevators, so you never are really sure which level you are on. Everything just seems to flow together - dinosaurs, mining, American Indians, Arizona Highways, panning for gold, old jailhouse, fossils, puzzles, an old "objects" guessing game (I loved this!), waterfalls, minerals, anthropology & archeology . . . .and much more. If you have a single curious bone in your body . . . you will love this opportunity to satiate some of that hunger. There are answers here . . . and lots of questions . . . and you can hear the echoes of "Oh, I didn't know what!" coming from those around you. Take a couple hours and go have some fun and learn a little about the Natural History world around you.
4	Dinosaurs! They pack in a lot of different species, including several of the gigantic ones like the T-Rex into the exhibits. They make good use of the space they have, and it was cool to see how big (Or small) the different dinosaurs were compared to your own size.There are multiple levels, each one packed with all sorts of information on natural history, both world and Arizonan. In addition to dinosaurs, they have history on the Old West, geologic formations, and native Southwestern culture, just to name a few.Overall, a cool place if you like dinosaurs, or if you want to spend a nice informational outing with the kids.
5	I'm not the most cultured fellow but I enjoy a good museum now and again. This place is great.
4	My sister invited me to come a long on a field trip her school was going on to this Museum. Even though I had to run around with five, fifth graders it wasn't bad at all. The kids really enjoyed all of the dinosaurs they had on display, but they especially liked looking for Gold. The museum was fairly full that day as other schools decided to join us as well so getting all the kids a fair chance to look for Gold was hard since the space was very limited.  Overall I would probably visit the museum again either with my three year old niece or when I have children of my own.
4	Good museum, can get a little dry in some areas, but overall pretty interesting. It's a good sized museum, so it takes a while to go through the whole place. I like the outside activities with the gold panning. That is always a favorite of my kiddos. They also have puzzles and other hands on things in different rooms which is great. We use our Pogo Passes for this place, and it gets us in twice for free which is great. Check out Pogo Pass if you haven't already and use promo code TAKE60OFF to get 60% off, and then you can get into this place for free!
5	Holy smokes! I went into this with my wife and three kids not expecting much but boy was I shocked! The museum is packed full of impressive displays. Most of the exhibits are from the state of AZ and I learned a ton! I will be going back for sure!
1	Not much to look at inside, the building is deceiving from the out side I thought there would be a lot more to look at. Walked and read the whole place in 30-45min
5	We have been taking our son here since he was really little. He's five now.  Admittance is free the first Sunday of every month.  We definitely make use of that great offer. They keep adding to it each year. We love to see it grow. Glad we found this place. We live out on the west side but it is so worth the drive on the first Sunday of each month.
5	The  Arizona Museum of Natural History  is an important patron to African American artists and the collection features work by more than 400 of them. This includes important pieces by painter Jacob Lawrence, photographer Gordon Parks and collagist Romare Bearden - all of whom are represented in major museum collections in the US.
1	Went on free day.  I was not at all impressed.  Too many screaming kids and the museum itself is definitely geared towards children with nothing to impress adults.  As a museum it was sort very disorganized and it seems some displays were missing.  The signage was poor.  The dinosaur displays were impressive along with some of the minerals, but they were just stuck there without much chronology.  It was weird to have native american displays and the jail in a museum of "natural history".  It's sort of a hodgepodge.  The kids seemed to be having fun slamming the jail doors and screaming and running around.  I expected a bit more even for a museum in Mesa and I also expected more from parents regarding their children.  Won't ever go back.
5	As a local, we know that people from all over the world come to Arizona Museum of Natural History to enjoy the art. And it's a worthwhile trip. But we sometimes spend a warm summer evening up at Arizona Museum of Natural History  where we bring a picnic dinner, enjoy the view and partake in a little people watching.Arizona Museum of Natural History is open on Saturday nights, and often has a concert or some other programming going on. Enjoy the concert or the art, have a glass of wine and enjoy a meal. Or just come for the view on a lovely Mesa evening.
4	It's easy to spend the whole day at Arizona Museum of Natural History. Even if you don't like art, the ride up the mountain and the great views of Mesa, AZ make it worthwhile. It's free admission, with a $15 charge for parking. The cafe and the restaurant have really good food. The real draw, of course, is the museum, with a good collection of a wide range of art. The about is a bit confusing, as you have to go in and out and up and down in the various small buildings that house the collection, but it makes for an interesting time. There is also an artful garden and you may or may not like.
4	A stunning building with amazing views over AZ - and, best of all, it's free! We particularly liked the small sculpture park next to the tram which takes you up the hill to the Center. The Center itself is immaculately maintained with a beautifully designed garden in the centre. Lots of shady seating and grassy areas give it a very relaxed feel. Only small grumble is that there is little written information about the exhibits - You really need to get an audio tour to find out what you're looking at. Overall, a relaxing day out away from the city. My teenagers weren't impressed and there didn't seem a great deal aimed at children.
