5	I went in met Amber.  Omg! She's so sweet & professional. This little shop of trend is a must visit. I like the fact that she's more than willing to make u anything u crave. As a cello player I struggle to add a certain flair to my performance so custom made anything is right down my alley! Plus I will come here often because I'm addicted to one of a kind items.
5	This is the best new vintage shop in Las Vegas!  She has vintage and rockabilly items for all size ranges!  Guys and gals will love shopping here! Amber is there most days and she makes your visit even better!  She's also started a line of her own clothes,  made from vintage patterns!  They will custom fit you for the perfect garment!
5	Today I walked in not even knowing this store existed. I had walked into a store across the street but was told Amberjoy's would have what I was looking for. I have to say it was an absolute pleasure browsing this store and chatting with Amber. She was very friendly and helpful without being pushy. I walked in for a pair of sunglasses... ended up getting two pairs and a vintage bathing suit! Large selection, cute items; and I had been looking for a place that offered pin up photo shoots... I believe I found it! Amber was happy to tell me all about the shoots they can do, and showed me some amazing photo samples. I was so excited! I will definitely be using them for a shoot within a month or two. They also hold pin up pose classes and classes on the history of Burlesque. I can not wait to take part in both of these classes!
5	As always AmberJoy's Vintage Closet never fails to impress!  She has more items to look at and purchase every time we walk thru her door! They just updated the look of the windows and it's awesome!   Amber is a delightful lady! Her line of clothing is the best thing to hit Las Vegas in years! You owe it to yourself to stop by and see her shop!
4	If I hit a huge jackpot & had the capital/ when I day dream of opening my own boutique, I picture it much like Amberjoy's. It's the kind of place you wish you could spend all day in. Seated directly across Main Street from the Velveteen Rabbit (which is pretty cool too), she has a beautiful store with an amazing front window worthy of Manhattan's West side, an eclectic inventory of true vintage pieces for both men & women, some retro designs of her own, shoes, accessories and large dressing rooms with real mirrors that don't resemble a fun house attraction. The store is well lit and SUPER FRIENDLY! That's right. -Downright cheerful! I am to learn there's usually a tailor on sight to help you bring your look to a made-to-fit finish. Keep in mind: this is not a thrift store. This is a quality vintage shop. If you are looking for $.25 items, you will be better off starting your treasure hunt early in a neighboring spot. If you want to find a special piece to earn you icon (or wow) status and have a couple of bucks, you can't go wrong at Amberjoy's. Her prices are fair & her eye is impeccable. She's a vintage genius. I bow to her. In fact I couldn't even write a review while in the store, for fear of missing something worth treasuring. This shop was worthy of a sit-down, hours later review. It's open 12n-9pm. So stop in after work. It'll give you a jump on happy hour, with fewer calories. Enjoy!!
5	Great store! So many hard-to-find items. Great selection and I love that they carry so many men's items! Loving the new pair of Lucky Lous that I picked up for a steal! A must-go while in Vegas!
4	A relatively new shoppe for aspiring pin ups and vintage lovely's.  Located in the trend-set First Friday/Main street zone.  It seems that Las Vegas finally has a subculture spot.  A seedling Melrose,  if you will.  Amber Joy's is an attractive little vintage inspired clothing store that has old and new dresses, blouses, hats, skirts & even a few shirts for the fella's.  At times there are classes for retro makeup application, pin up posing and even beginner sewing classes.  A novel offering from a retail purveyor which makes Amber Joy's a veritable hub for the novice at yesteryear lifestyle.  Anyone can gain confidence to experience their first Viva Las Vegas if they paired these classes along with some swing dance lessons.  Thats all it would take & you would be ready to transform from Eastern & Bonanza 2003 to Molholland drive 1959.  Great prices on vintage accessories!  Next door to Vintage Vegas so you can complete your transformation with some housewares to match your new look.  I like Amber J's!
5	Amazing customer service. Makes you feel like you're the most important customer she's ever had. Great selection. You feel right at home shopping here :)
5	This is a great store. Its mid mod stuff and a lot of vintage clothing from the 50s. The one thing that seems to be an inside secret with the vintage/rockabilly/pin up people, is her custom clothing. I got a custom shirt as a gift and I love it. Its right out of the 50s but it fits me perfectly.
5	I found this place when I visited the Buffalo Exchange that is located just next door.When I walked in I was so pleased at what I found, racks of gorgeous true (40s, 50s, and a little bit of 60s) vintage pieces!Items well well laid out, easy to move about, and the shop was so well lit! All of the items were in fantastic condition too!There was one garment I adored, but had a slight fitting problem and Amber even shared with me that she knows a fabulous tailor if I decided to go forward with the purchase.There was a fabulous range of accessories too. Including so many great purses.Amber was so nice and we talked a great deal. She greeted me, as well as all of the other customers who came in.This place is a MUST if you love vintage and are in Vegas! I will for sure be back next time I'm in town!
