5	Had to stop by and leave a wonderful review for the guys at Jos. A. Banks on Val Vista.  I have purchased most of my dress clothing from this store and have found them to go far above and beyond every time I am in.I had an issue with a suit coat and the dry cleaner.  I walked in with the jacket and before I could even explain what had happened, they were searching the racks for a replacement.  They explained that it was on the dry cleaner without question, and then after not being able to find my size on the shelf ordered in a replacement for me.Standing behind their goods, and unquestioned customer service are rare today.These guys totally rock!Thank You!
1	Let me start at the beginning.  My fiance and I were looking for places to get our groomsmen and I suits from, for our upcoming wedding.  We were going with a vintage look with suspenders and bow-ties and no jackets.  We heard that Jos. A Bank was an upscale formal retailer and rental with locations countrywide which would make it easier for the groomsmen.  We had a very pleasant visit at the San Tan location and ordered all of the pants, shirts, vest (for me), and shoes.  My soon-to-be wife was very pleased with the color palettes and their ability to piece together suit combinations.The next month we receive a phone call informing us that the suit package we ordered is new and will not be in until April (wedding in February) and that we would have to choose another one.  This was fine, they informed us early and had options waiting for us.  I order the nearest color pants and vest and everything was smooth sailing.After my bachelor party, I had all of my groomsmen get fitted together.  This was a month and a half before the wedding.  We went in to the Val Vista store and got fitted promptly.  Well, further bachelor party events were to take place later that day but I wanted us to get fitted together.  I did not expect it to take THREE HOURS!  We were measured in about 15 minutes.  But due to some cataclysmic system error, our wedding party was not found.  They re entered all of the information (essentially having to pick out the suits again) My best man and I stayed behind and let the other groomsmen continue on.   They finally just asked if we could leave a credit card for all of the deposits and they would fix it later.  I was extremely upset, which was later compounded by the fact that all my groomsmen received 15 separate emails from Jos.A Bank.  Four days before the wedding, I get a call from Jos.A Bank saying they do not have a suit for my one of my groomsmen (he had to get fitted in Utah) .  My groomsman informed me the day he got fitted (over a month ago at this point) and i had to call another store to verify that his suit was ordered and on its way.  The next day, two of my groomsmen went to pick up their suits.  Now is where it hits the fan, I had originally ordered slim fit pants, being that there was not jacket, and we wanted a very specific look.  The pants that arrived were more akin to 'Hammer Pants' than anything 'slim.'  The shirts were also supposed to be tailored fit, but were either too baggy or short in the sleeves.  I have no idea if this was a measurement error or what.  Apparently the new pants i had ordered after the original ones were not to come in, were not slim fit.  No one informed me of this at the time.  I had 72 hours to BUY ALL MY GROOMSMEN NEW PANTS! They had also messed up the groom's name, which caused all my groomsmen to panic when they were told by Jos.A Bank that the wedding was not in their system.  The nightmare did not end there.  The day of the wedding, after purchasing all new pants, and realizing we would have to wear the shirts from Jos, my best man and I went to pick up our suits.  This ordeal took about 15 min per suit as they charged us for renting the pants and then returned the cost immediately afterwards. (Side note: they were going to charge $88.00 + tax to RENT the pants in case you were wondering the price range of this place)   While on our way to the venue, other groomsmen called in to say they had got their suits (at this point we only rented white dress shirts, shoes, and cuff links) and shared their horror stories.  None of us paid the same amount.  There were $40.00 expedite shipping charges on some of our receipts (which Jos.A Bank agreed was wrong and refunded).AVOID AT ALL COSTS. I am the first one of my friends to get married and NONE of them will be using Jos.A Bank.
