4	This place has got some really cool vintage western wear - I just wished the boot selection was better!!
1	I have never felt so unwelcome in a store before. The first thing that was said to me when I entered was, "We are closing soon." That was it. No, "May I help you with anything," or, "How are you?" Just a snooty, hurry up and leave. My friends and I wandered around, we had never been in before (and will not be coming back), and once we got to the other side of the store, the woman at the front desk loudly called up another employee to follow us, as if she thought we were only there to steal something. I was offended at this point, and any purchases I thought of making, I put back. Needless to say, we won't be going back, I will not tell anyone about this store, and if  it is ever brought up, I will tell people to avoid it.
4	I was told about this place by the folks in the Arizona Steampunk Society. We made the long drive to Mesa to visit and I'm glad we did. They have a great selection of western goods, both old west and modern, and the prices are fair. The staff is very attentive. We had at least four people stop to see if we needed help. Everyone was friendly.
4	Got a hankering for some real western duds?  Something authentic?  Here it is!Everything from contemporary western wear to period correct attire this neat store has it!  Even "B" western wear by Scully (some of you will recognize that).Wanting to do re-enactment?  Wanting to visit old Tombstone and fit right in?  Going to that western BBQ or rodeo?  You'll find it here.The staff is fantastic and knows their stock and knows what goes with what so you'll have amazing options.  Plan to spend some time inside, because you will.Wanna look like an Arizonan?  This place has it.
1	Had the same experience as Candy, to a "T." Went in a little late without realizing they were closing soon with myself and a few friends. We are all adults, but we look young for our ages... I entered the store, and was then treated like I was a criminal. No welcome in, nothing. Just a quick, "We are closing soon," and someone followed me around after someone phoned another employee to keep an eye on us. I understand loss prevention is a part of business, but please do so discreetly. I want to feel welcome when I'm shopping somewhere, otherwise I don't want to continue shopping there.
