5	They had been open 2 weeks when we stopped in.  The store is a little bare for now but they have a good selection of hardware and juice.  They have a taste testing setup with each juice in a clearomizer and a disposable tip cover.  We bought 6 - 10ml bottles of juice and we're happy with the taste and how it vapes.  Just a little pricey at $10.95 for a 10 ml bottle, I pay $9.95 per 12 ml bottle at my favorite vape shop.  But the juice is good and they were friendly, helpful and took the time to show us what they had.  They also said they have plans to sell larger bottles which should bring the price down.  I'd rate them as my second favorite vape shop.  Definitely worth a try.Note to Synergy: The drip spout was completely missing off of one of my Synergy juice bottles.  Not a major deal, just an inconvenience.
4	I was just looking for a shop to pick up a coil for my atomizer and stopped in here. The service was awesome. I even tried some of the juice they make right there in the store and it was really good. I highly recommend the Synergy Berry Tea.. Its a best seller for a reason.
5	Being new to the vapor world having people that are knowledgeable and make the entire experience enjoyable is really important. Their liquid has exceed what I have tried in other shops.My favorite flavors have to be syncafe, prime and wet melon. This is a must stop when it comes to getting all my needs meet.
5	Excellent experience. Chase was very helpful, enthusiastic and knowledgeable. Will definitely be returning.  Highly recommended.
5	First impression of this location is a clean, drama free environment. I commend there team for being more customer centric focused than before. Need to stock up on juices? Need a new mod? Looks like synergy is not playing around at this location. To my surprise they were loaded up with mods and rda's.I would consider this a beginner all the way to advanced shop. From a basic ecig set up all the way to a fully blown mod that lets you blow crazy clouds. The team at this location seams to have there stuff together and really puts the customer experience first.( something that not all shops do)I will recommend this location to all my vape followers on YouTube, Twitter, and our vape blog community."Help fight the rights to vape"-A
5	Seriously the best "juice" flavors I have tasted. I have been to loads of vape shops and tried many different brands. Synergy is, hands down, the best. As a bonus the store is super clean and the staff is always polite and helpful. I came here on a whim when another shop I go to was closed during regular business hours. Their loss because Synergy is now my go to place.
