3	I've been here a handul of times to see local bands perform. I've always been happy with the sound and the bands themselves, but the venue straddles the line between "a cool dive" and "a little too divey."First off, the smoke. I'm usually pretty tolerant of this but in here it's almost unbearable. (That can be disregarded as of May 1st!)Drinks were ok, they have a good vodka selection and prices aren't too bad. They have all sorts of strange entertainment, some of the carnival game variety that seem like a sweet idea after a few too many pitchers. I'd say, stop by to start out the night or check out some local music, but a Chaser's night for an entire night might be pushing it.
5	From a band's perspective:Chasers is an excellent medium sized venue.Reasonable rental fee, if you're nice to the owner.Great sound system if you have the right sound guy.  Enough low end to get the job done, and decent enough monitors. Standard lighting.  A few par cans with a good selection of colors.All ages, Bar W/ID.I think the capacity is around 400 realistically.  You'll need at least 100 to make the place look happening.Our band has played Chasers at least 5 times, and every show was a lot of fun, and relatively painless.-dave strandThe Strand - Arizona Industrial Musichttp://www.strandland.com
4	Four Stars.  Based on the hope that its not as smoky as it was when I went (before the AZ no smoking law went into effect) and the fact that if live music in a small venue is your thing (which its not for me), then you'll like it.I saw a VERY heavy metal band here as a favor to a friend and I think I was deaf for 3 days afterward.  But again, if thats your idea of a good time, have at it.  I'm not one to judge.  Hahahahaha.  Thats a lie.Anyway, drinks were cheap and the place is a lot bigger than the strip mall its in would make it appear.  I thought the clientele was weird but what do I know about this shit--apparently not much.  Other friends of mine have been more recently than me and have LOVED it--its a Nebraska bar and, they say, a great place to watch the game Saturday mornings.  To each his own!
4	I adore Chaser's and it's owner, Jason.Went for the millionth time tonight to see some of the bands.  Well, only two were playing that I know of and the place was dead.  Not the bar's fault.  I can't believe how much the place cleaned up!  Maybe I need to go on a night where there are more people, but it seems to have changed.Their women's restroom is really nice, classy kinda.  (I go to a LOT of local music shows and the bathroom is *key*!)Cheap drinks (so I'm told, since I don't imbibe) with a great selection.  Staff is friendly.You see all kinds here, which is why I love it!
2	i hate chasers, and it has nothing to do with being kicked out at a show and then having to drive all the way to flagstaff the night after to see the show i wanted to see. fuckers.i have had to argue with bar staff about mixed drinks they made wrong.i'm not a huge fan of whiskey sours. but look..they should be sour.she tastes it, no thats right..i say, no..it's not.she pours sour mix out of the bar gun thingy, hmmm. sour mix is out..its just pumping water.no shit.../rantstage and sound are not really my thing, i kind of like the stage to be at least 4 feet above ground level.  but whatever. i'll leave the getting thrown out story to offline chat. lol.
4	I'm a fan of Chasers. Great metal bands, good jukebox selection (less supersearching!), and interesting strangers. However, what I'm not a fan of is the covers. Worst of all $10+ to get in on amature night? Gangsta pleaze... Haven't graced the Chase in awhile but I do hope those have gone down some. Drink prices are OK, but I usually drink beer there so not too sure on the mixed stuff.
4	I went to Chaser's to see my friends' band Comfort for Change perform.  I was not too excited upon arriving at the venue to see that it was lodged in a run down strip mall, but was pleasantly surprised.  I think that live music has a way of making any place better for me, but the bar had plenty of room, and definitely an interesting mix of the usual scene kids and some more local-looking bar crowd.  The acoustics were fine, the drinks were pretty cheap, and I found myself heading to some random house party afterwards.  Rock on!
3	Went here for the Fender Band Jam event with some friends last night (fundraising for Habitat for Humanity).This is a big dive bar, but it can be pretty fun when it's busy... Cheap drinks, live music, pool, darts... they do not have a smoking patio unfortunately. If a band that you like plays here, it's worth the trip...
3	I saw the Grouch here last night. Overall, the bar is dirty - but it handled the crowd that came to see the music just fine. Getting drinks took a while, but both bar tenders were nice and helpful. My friend said their drink special (sweet tea and vodka) was awful, but their draft beer was good. Chasers can put on a great show. I would definitely come here again for another show, but I probably wouldn't come just to hang out -  though they do offer darts, pool, and a variety of video games.
3	I saw K-OS, Shad, and Astronautalis here about a week ago, and the show was off the hook.  Chaser's itself?  Not quite as hot as the music they support, but a solid venue in a city that doesn't really have much competition.Despite being small and Asian, I'm not exactly a wimp.  That said, I was actually scared to go in thanks to its location.  Sure, it's still Scottsdale, but anything in a strip mall with an adjacent Western Union is usually pretty sketchy.  The plus side of this is that the strip mall affords the club a huge parking lot at night.  It's just a shame that it looks so nondescript and seedy from the outside.Luckily, once you get inside the bar/nightclub is more inviting.  The sound is great in here.  I can definitely see why this would be a great venue from the artists' perspective.  Astronautalis rocked (a HUGE understatement) an entire set backed only by the music on his MacBook.  Music definitely sounds good in here.  The bar's okay.  Not quite as hip as some of the ones in Tucson's club scene, but the drinks aren't badBasically, it's just like everyone else has said.  If you're a fan of a band that's playing here, then this place will deliver just fine.  I don't know if I'd go here for any other reason, though.
3	cotton candy vodka. awesome, but, it's sooooo overpriced. it's ridiculous.seeing a show here is great - because it's tiny and the stage isn't exactly a stage. otherwise, the sound isn't so great. it's a dive bar, but the drinks are not dive priced. so.. if you must go for a show, otherwise, avoid.
4	I've seen a lot of really good bands play here. I like the fact that you can hang out in the back with your drink, although it sucks that you cant take your drink with ya to the front. I get it though, all ages shows! Yeah, the sound isn't "amazing" and its a little dive-y, but the place has character and that's what I like about it. One thing I don't understand is why my beer cost the same as a whiskey sour made with Jameson.. come on. Prices aren't too expensive (I always seem to pay $6 no matter what I get). I've never been here on a normal night just to hang out, so I'm not sure if its just as busy as it is at a show. Overall a good bar & cool place to see a show.
4	I love dive bars.  This is one of them.  I live in CA, so I probably won't be going back again, but this bar is pretty okay in my book.  My main complaint is the drinks are weak.   Nice set-up and the staff was very nice.  The audience on the night I was there was way cool too. There's a huge parking lot in front and more parking in the back too.  I would definitely recommend Chaser's to catch a show.
5	i love chaser's...always have always will.  good drinks, reasonably priced, awesome staff & great live music.  pool tables & dart boards available & usually not too long of a wait to get on either. overall a nice dive place in south scottsdale to go hang out or listen to some bands.
5	I love this place! My favorite venue/bar in the Phoenix metro area.Things I like:- Owner and waitress: Jason (I think) and Taniesha - provide great service!- Drink prices and quality: perfect! - Shows: GREAT bands come through here!Things I don't like:- ...sometimes it feels small when there are popular bands playing. I can live with it.Yep, I will keep coming here! Definitely a cool, laid-back place to have a few drinks and see some good shows.
3	Many of the best moments in your life happen completely unscripted.So, imagine my surprise when my best friend called me saying he was in town, and that he wanted me to go to a show at Pub Rock (formerly Chaser's) in an hour! Immediately, I thought, "This is going to be a great night!"Well, I was KIND of right.You see, my friend is kind of dynamic. You know when you tell a story that involves some guy you know? My friend is that guy. So, when he told me that "Grieves" was playing, and that he got us on the guest list, I was anything but surprised.I got to the venue in a hurry! After all, who would want to delay quite possibly the greatest night in years? (p.s. not THIS guy).Well, my expectations were immediately dashed when I arrived at the location. Typically, you'd think you would feel comfortable around a church. However, when there are TWO churches inside of a strip mall, you immediately know you're not in the GREATEST part of town.Now, I've been in dive bars before. Some of them are better than others. Upon entering Pub Rock, I was pleasantly surprised. Granted, I'm not comparing this place to the Taj Mahal, or anything...just against some pretty scuzzy dive bars. They had the typical long bar to the left. There was a pool table and a Foosball table to the right. There were a few tables hither and thither, populated by your expected bar patrons. In between the different shows, I noticed that there were a few TVs around showing the Thursday Night NFL game. But the stage was the difference-maker. There was a cordoned off area for spectators in front of an awesome corner stage! The sound system was well above adequate. There was also a relatively decent light show...especially for such a small venue. To top it all off, naturally, the musicians were awesome! The opening acts were both solid, leading up to an EPIC set by Grieves. So, the venue is decent...the music is great...why three stars?Well, as it turns out, there are some bartenders who think that tips are expected, and not earned. There were two bartenders, the names of both escape me. Both women were relatively diligent with getting drinks. However, only one of them had ANY conversational and interpersonal skills. The other just leaned against the backside of the bar, and stood there. Needless to say, the lackluster service from one self-entitled and uppity bartender tarnished an otherwise fantastic night.
