5	Lauren is amazing! If you want your hair done right she's the girl to see.
5	Lauren Marler is the best cut & colorist I've ever had. I've had people who butchered my hair & nearly killed it completely, but every time I've tried someone else I've always gone back to Lauren because she has been the only one who brought my hair "back to life." She is truly an expert in her field & anyone would be lucky to have her as their hair dresser. I refer all my friends, family, & co-workers to her & no one has ever been disappointed. She's the best there is. Trust me, go to her, you won't be sorry! Plus, she is a MASTER w/ reds & red-heads! And that is hard to find! I know cuz I've looked.Liz S.
5	I have been going to Lauren ever since she needed someone to practice on in Beauty school and I have never gone to anyone else since! She always does a great job and I am never unhappy when I leave. Love her!
5	I started going to Lauren at her previous employer before she branched out on her own and started Salon Divine. Lauren has a great friendly personality and does a great job on my hair. I have now been going to Lauren since 2006 and love her new place and how personal it is.  When you have an appointment with her, it's just you and her - no distractions. I also like how flexible she can be to work you into her schedule. I would highly recommend her to anyone.  Yelp has blocked this review on Lauren's Salon Divine page for some reason?  This is a real review and I am a real customer.
5	Lauren is the best in the Valley!  She has been my stylist for 7+ years and I would follow her just about anywhere (and have)!!! She always has funky fresh suggestions for for trying something new and makes you feel completely comfortable.  She listens and truly knows her clients needs. Love Salon Divine and Love Lauren!  I HIGHLY recommend!!!!
5	Lauren really knows hair!  She is always up-to-date on the latest techniques, and she is very knowledgable on a wide range.  I have been going to her since I lived in Arizona, and I highly recommend her to anybody new in the area.
5	Do your hair a favor and go see Lauren.
