5	B salon bar is the only salon I will ever go to in Pittsburgh. The owner is almost always on time, professional, and really amazing at what she does! Tamara is never ever upset if you feel like your hair isn't the way you wanted it afterward either. She always encourages me to tell her if my hair is darker or lighter than I want it to so she can make it perfect and just the way I wanted it to be. I really love that about her because that is the main reason why I stopped going to other salons in Pittsburgh in the past. She is an amazing stylist and the perfect person to contact on your big day. Her extensions are amazing and I can't tell you the amount of compliments I received while wearing them. Okay Okay, enough rambling. GO TO B SALON!
5	This is a great place for guys to get a haircut. It's less expensive than almost every other salon I called, and it's infinitely better than the chain places that hire people right out of school. Liz does a great job there. Definitely recommended!
5	I met Tamara before she opened her b salon+bar on 12th Street.  I immediately coined her my "hair stylist soulmate" not only because she is awesome at cutting and styling hair, but she is extremely passionate about it.  She consults with you before every haircut and also teaches you about hair care, how to style your hair (whether it's the morning after hair rescue kind of styling or styling it for a big night out), and she makes you feel beautiful while doing all of the above.Tamara is extremely down to earth and always makes me laugh when I get my hair cut.  She finally convinced me to get a shorter haircut, and I would've never cut off seven inches if I did not trust her. I highly recommend b salon+bar!
5	Recently had my hair cut and colored by Liz. This is really all I need to say about my cut and color: three days after I got it done I walked into the Starbucks in Sewickley and the barista shouted, "your hair looks amazing!!" It was so emphatic and loud that all the Sewickley peeps turned to stare at me. I felt both really awkward and awesome at the same time ;) Liz is fabulous. Funny, friendly, and most importantly good at her job :) I have kinda frizzy, kinda curly hair and she makes it magical. She also does an awesome job covering my, um, not young person's colored hair anymore. I am not someone that is good at knowing what will necessarily look good on me and she always makes me look like a badass. The salon is great space as well. I like the warm, but modern feel, and even though the SS is a pain in the butt there is usually parking on the street right across, or there is a lot right around the corner. Very convenient. Will definitely be my place to go here in Pittsburgh (moved down from Boston!)
5	Liz is absolutley fantastic!  I've tried a lot of salons and a lot of stylists trying to get my very thick hair under control.  My "direction" to Liz amounts to ummm give me a cut that looks nice - and she manages to turn that into an awesome cut and style each time.  But it was the fabulous color that Liz did for me that really got me hooked.  I wanted something that would just perk up my natural color - and she hit it right on!  I got lots of complements from people who didn't really know what they were complementing me on - just that something was different in a good way.  Great job Liz! - EXACTLY what I was looking for!In addition to being an A+ stylist, Liz is very down to earth, funny and easy to talk to.  An appointment with Liz is always a good experience all around!  The salon itself has a great vibe.  I was a bit nervous about having to navigate through Southside traffice and parking - but the salon was very easy to find and has lots of convenient parking options nearby.  The price is right and the atomopshere is great.  You won't go wrong with giving salon+bar a try!
5	Liz is such a great hair stylist! I'm always happy with the turn out. What I love most about Liz is that she makes suggestions. I can tell her what I'm thinking but I'm not an expert when it comes to color and hair,  so I appreciate her input.  Liz is great at her job! It's hard to find a good hairdresser, and especially one that listens and makes suggestions. I definitely recommend her and will be seeing her every 6-8 weeks. :o)I also had a chance to meet the owner of b salon + bar, Tamara, she is funny and down to earth.   The other great thing about b salon + bar is that they try to save you money on your hair. A lot of salons will gouge your wallets when it comes to color but not this salon. Liz saved me $$$ on my hair color and it turned out great. Definitely a salon to check out make your own.
5	I love love love this salon. Tamra and Liz are so professional and fun! They take the time to talk about what I really want and give courteous and professional advice. The best part is the atmosphere in the salon.  I always have a great time with these ladies!  Highly recommended!!
5	Based solely on Yelp reviews, I decided to get my hair cut and colored by Liz at b salon + bar.  I honestly couldn't have been more pleased.  Liz really took the time to understand what I wanted, and boy did she deliver!  My hair cut is better than anything I could have asked for.  I went into the seat with lifeless, stringy hair and left with voluminous, healthy locks.  And the color: AMAZING.  I haven't been this happy with my hair in years.  To top it all off, Liz is such a friendly, sweet person.  Let's face it - no one really wants to be sitting at a salon for a few hours getting worked on.  But Liz is very easy to talk to, the  time passed by very quickly, and I look forward to my next visit with her.  Overall it was a top notch experience and HIGHLY recommended if you are in the market for a new stylist.
5	After reading all these awesome reviews, I decided to make an appointment. Liz was able to take me the next day which was much appreciated.  I told her what I didn't like about my hair and it was like she was already a step ahead of me. She got the bronze out of my "blonde" hair and even did a little texturizing at the end even though I didn't come in for a cut. What I liked the most about B Salon was the attitude that the owner, Tamara, has towards the industry and how that carries over into her own business.  These girls are passionate, knowledgable, personable and overall fantastic. Two thumbs up!
5	This place is a girl's DREAM! I can not say enough good things about this salon. I flew from Denver to Pittsburgh on a red eye and wanted nothing more than a good blow out and to relax. Let me tell you, this was everything I wanted and more, Tamara and Liz welcomed me with open arms and a glass of wine! This was my first visit, but they made me feel like I had been coming there for years. However, the laid back welcoming environment was not the best part, the service was PERFECT! I got my hair done by Liz, she knew exactly what I wanted and when she was done I looked like I stepped out of a shampoo commercial. I have a lot of very thick hair, which can be difficult to work with, but Liz made it look easy. Liz is very talented and I highly recommend her and b salon + bar. After leaving there looked and felt amazing! Next time I'm in town I will definitely be going back!
5	Liz is the best colorist I've ever been to and I highly highly recommend her!!!!I moved to Pittsburgh from Manhattan and was searching for a colorist who could do balayage highlights on blonde hair. I was hesitant to try somewhere new in Pittsburgh after years of highlighting my hair in NYC. I made an appointment with Liz after reading the glowing reviews on yelp (yes, she is THAT good). Not only was she SO friendly, nice and easy to talk to, but she gave me the BEST highlights I ever gotten (and i have been to some great places in nyc). I have received so many compliments on my hair color.Also, they must use great products at the salon because my hair feels super healthy and shiny.If you're looking for a great colorist, I would highly recommend Liz!!!! I wish i could give 10 stars on Yelp!!
5	I am terribly picky- but b salon bar is the best salon in the burgh (hands down). Tamera is the most talented hairdresser I've encountered and I say that with great sincerity. She is amazing with color and creative with haircuts. The salon itself is upbeat and you can feel the comraderier among the staff and clients. If you're looking for a change, you won't be disappointed.
5	So thankful for Yelp for leading me here. I came to Liz in my darkest hour and she helped me find the light again! I am new to Pittsburgh and hadn't found a regular stylist. I went to another salon, one that shall not be named, and I had just gotten the worst haircut ever. Seriously butchered - a chainsaw could have cut cleaner layers. I asked for 1.5" off and she took 4" - in large chunks. I was in tears calling b Salon. Thank goodness Liz made an opening right away for me or I was facing hard-time in a scrunchie. Having already lost much more hair than planned, I was concerned about how much more length I would lose getting it repaired. I was mentally preparing myself to be "bobbed". I need not worry with Liz at the helm! The bottom layer had to be thinned considerably, but she was able to keep a fair amount of length overall. Lots of blending and texturing and she erased most of what had been a bad dream for me. We couldn't quite get all the layers evened up but you can hardly tell. I will be looking at shoulder length for a little bit while it finishes growing out, but I don't mind because it looks fabulous! Liz, you are a miracle-worker! And I will sing your praises to anyone who will listen. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
5	I would give this place more stars if I could. I'm picky with hair salons and after reading reviews, I decided to try this place out and I'm so glad that I did. As soon as I walked in, it felt like a place I would have decorated. Liz was working alone because the owner was away on business. Liz was patient, kind, and has a great sense of humor. I just left the salon (literally just got home) and I will definitely be back. I can't say enough about the welcoming from Liz and how warm it feels there. I let Liz do whatever she wanted to my hair and it turned out amazing. I'm so happy with her "work of art."
