4	Went here the day after they opened. It looked great and the food was on par with the other location I'd been to before, so no early stage growing pains on that front. The pizzas are pretty good, if not slightly over priced, but you're paying a bit for the atmosphere instead of a hole in the wall type joint. The staff was attentive, maybe too much so since they just opened, but that can't be a ding against them. I'd rather have too much instead of too little. Love there beer selection and the rotating tap is a great reason to go back often. I'm glad to see a business give City North a go. I live nearby and hope this place is a catalyst for other businesses to come in and get the place off the ground.
1	We came in today as "first timers". I have two words for you... NEVER AGAIN!To start off with, the waitresses comes to our table and says "before you order, I've got to let you know that we do things around here differently and this isn't Dominoes."   When the food arrived, the pizza was pretty good. The sandwich was a train wreck. The sauce was cold by the time it reached our table and the meatballs inside were small. I thought a meatball sandwich was supposed to have meatballs. These were unappetizing. Within this 10'' hoagie were only two meatballs sliced in half to appear that the sandwich had four meatballs. What the heck? The bread was over cooked and just plain nasty. After catching our waitresses attention, we notified her of this issue and that the remainder (2'') should be taken away. After another twenty (20) minutes of waiting for some kind of word, she comes back with the bill and didn't take it off. I was NOT going to pay for something I found unappealing and bland - I've had something better off a Roach Coach for a quarter of the price that tasted like it was made in a traditional Italian household. Only one good thing came from this dish, the Poor Brothers potato chips served on the side. We asked her why this was still on our bill and she low-browed us and asked "Are you kidding? We've been told our food is the best". We said "yes, your pizza is good, but i asked you earlier if you meatballs were hand made here or were something you purchased. There was no way that was a handmade meatball sandwich. This is something you purchase from a vendor." She replied "Well, I don't know about that." WE WERE LIED TO ABOUT THE QUALITY OF THE FOOD FROM THE BEGINNING. Her next question was "You want me to get the manager?" and I said "No, I want you to take it off the bill. She replied "I'll see what I can do." She said she would be right back. She never returned.  ( PART ONE ) Please go to PART TWO of my review
2	I've been eating at the Shroom since they opened their doors in 1974.  With that being said, I also realize my expectations are high and nostalgia plays a part too.  This is a great location and I really want to see them do well but they have a long way to go in my book.This Shroom opened on Monday BUT this place sucks!  The pizza has too much cheese on it.  Literally covered with 2 fingers deep of cheese.  You cannot taste anything else.Server was ok.  Their beer list is awesome!  The decor and ambiance is good.  The inside is super big and nice.  I'll be back again to see if they are Shroom worthy!
5	This is the third location in the valley in my opinion the best!! Great location, decor and atmosphere, and of course, great pizza and salads. Finally Phoenix is getting some character- highly recommended!
3	First it's great to see something up in City North as this place is an absolute disaster since almost every store has closed down.  The place is comfortable and has a bunch of TV's around the bar area.  We made it durning happy hour and I like the half off appetizers that's a good deal and the chicken wings were ok.  I really got tired of the service people coming by every second and asking how we are doing etc.   A few times is cool but I think they came over around 10-13 times.  My kids had 1/2 sandwhiches and they seemed to like them.  I had a medium pizza and shared it with another person.  The pizza is ok but not great and it's really over priced.  I think a medium pizza was $20 dollars with one topping.  I could go to slices at Desert Ridge and get a large for $13 dollars or Barros for $9.99.  Beyond that I hope the place makes it but I won't be going back anytime soon.
3	Food seems about the same as other locations I've been too - overall fairly good quality, good prices at happy hour or lunch specials, and overpriced at any other time.  Location has good daytime parking because City North is so incredibly dead.  Staff are still learning the ropes so they get a pass on slowness and such.Major obnoxious aspects exist for the beer situation here, as if the person in charge of it is rather ignorant of beer basics.  First, there's a large section of rotating taps from breweries but the menu doesn't list the exact beers (we're talking 18-20 of these unknown beers).  But then the server doesn't know which ones are in the rotating tap section of the menu.  The bartender doesn't know them.  You have to look at the handles yourself.  Yardhouse has a digital "chalkboard" to show what's rotating.  Other places have disposable & easily replaceable menus for these rotating beers.  But not here.  Imagine if they did this with the food, having a section of 18 or so entrees but nobody can tell you what they are.  You have to look in the kitchen yourself.Second, the regular beers are ignorantly organized.  There's a section for "ales", but then spearate sections for wheat beers, witbiers, porters, and stouts - which are.... guess what... all ales.   And then there's the German doppelbock listed under stout/porter (it is neither).  It's a lager, but not in the lager section.  Third, the insanity continues with the obsessive labeling of beers as vegan or not, yet this is not exactly a place with a lot of vegan menu options.  Finally, for a big beer list sort of place - they have no German beers.  None.  British beers?  none. Zero.  Belgian beers? hardly - just Stella and one witbier.  Sigh. There's an enormous American skewing of the taplist to say the least.
5	We had the house pizza, well done, minus the green peppers. It was awesome. The beer list was great but the best part of the dinner was the bartender. Danielle was so nice to us and was really fun to talk with. She made the experience truly memorable. We'll come back not just for the pizza but to hang with Daniel again too.
3	It's not always easy to find vegan pizza spots in the Valley (though Green and Z Pizza are a couple of great options), which is why I was stoked to find Mellow Mushroom.The spot has been open for about 3 weeks now, breathing some much-needed life into the often-desolate CityNorth and joining other Tempe and Happy Valley locations (there are more around the country).Think of it as a pizza joint touched by the hippie spirit, with a giant mushroom mascot and colorful music-inspired artwork covering the walls -- good vibes all around to complement the vegan-friendly menu. And if eating animals is your thing, there are items for you, too.The menu's specialties are the pizzas, but it also includes soups, salads and hoagies. On a recent visit, we started with a Stuffed Portobello ($9), a mushroom topped, not stuffed with artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatoes and feta cheese. I was really disappointed with the portion size of this appetizer, and the taste wasn't anything special. Thankfully, the appetizers also include the tasty-sounding pretzels, which come in both sweet and salty options.My boyfriend got a Kosmic Karma pizza, which I actually preferred over my own pizza even though I'm not the hugest pesto fan. It came with mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes, feta and spinach. All the toppings worked wonderfully together, and the dough was soft and bubbly with a dusted parmesan crust.I tried the Melchacho, a pizza special to the CityNorth location. It had avocados and tomatoes and an interesting chipotle sauce base. I now know I'll probably avoid cheddar cheese on my pizza in the future -- the pie reminded me more of an item from Taco Bell than a pizzeria.On a later visit, I tried a veggie hoagie, which came with avocado, sprouts, tomatos and mozzarella cheese, along with chips. You can get hoagies on wheat bread, and I thought the meal was really filling -- I preferred it to my pizza, especially because it seemed like the healthier option.Despite not being completely thrilled with the food I ordered, there were lots of drool-worthy items on the extensive menu that I'll be trying out soon. And it's nice to see another cool place pop up in CityNorth, too!
3	Nice casual place to drop in for a pint.  It's not the best run place when you see stickies on the wall with customer complaints.   It's a fun place though.  Nice bar, lots of beer on tap, and T-shirts with fancy mellow slogans.  The server told me that his shirt was the only one they had left and he hated his slogan.  Ok so maybe not everyone likes the shirts.There are a lot of pizzas on the menu and they are reasonably priced.  Pizza is ok but there are much better within a few miles.   They deliver though and they are a notch above the other delivery joints in the area.
2	WAY overpriced and really run of the mill pizza, found the crust to be tasteless and boring and really feel ho hum about the whole meal including the hummus.  The beers were the stars here and if that is what your coming for then you wont be disappointed,  had the orange blossom and it was nothing like I have ever tasted before.  Our waitress was great and brought us several rounds of samples of the beers.  over all just OK and we probably wont go back again. We had two small pizzas one of them cheese the hummus and we each had a beer and it was over $50, Oh and if you sit inside be prepared for very loud music,  we walked in to ACDC highway to hell rocking the house, think yard house loud so if you want to talk or even think you might have a problem.
4	Okay there are some hardcore Mellow Mushroom lovers out there and I get why: this place has the most creative and delicious pizza combinations.  One of my favorites is the Yukon Gold Potato which is like a baked potato with bacon, chives, cheese, and sour cream in pizza format. It sounds weird and possibly gross but it's really yummy -- the pizza is pretty light and the flavors are subtle.I've also had the olive oil with mozzarella cheese and that is sooo good -- especially with their crust. Seriously, this crust is like crack. You can't get it anywhere else. Some people comment their crust is slightly sweet and it does have molases in it but I don't taste anything sweet, it's just really soft. They dust their crust with some kind of cheese -- also amazing.There are tons of combinations to try and Mellow really has a lot of "normal" pizza options with a plenty of "gettin' crazy" ones. I'm never disappointed when I come here.And if you refuse to enjoy their pizza, they have lots of salads and sandwiches to aid in your rebellion. The bar staff and servers are nice and always in a good mood. The decorations are cool and all in all it's a fun place to go. I've been here 4-5 times and it never disappoints. Also, if you're not sure, there is a Groupon going on for the next few days: $10 for $20.
3	They were in dire need of training in the beginning (beginning of June).... but I think they're getting more comfy now.If you're gonna go,go during lunch, and CALL IN your order.Most things take 20-25 min to make.I usually call in to go from the 5 dollar lunch menu during the weekday.My fav: pepperoni pizza (gives me AWFUL gas in the afternoon tho lol.. a tradeoff)or the meatball half hogi served with chips.They have been consistently good.Veggie pizza was tasty as well, but they only put itty bitty bits of toppings on the lunch portion pizza,... its mostly crust lolFirst time: they don't pick up the phone.I hung up, called again in about 10 min.I was put on a length hold after they did finally pick up.Food takes about 20-25 min to make once the order is placed.They keep the food warm even if you're running late, so I thought that was kinda cool.Usually the staff is friendly. Depends who you get but so far most of them have been very nice.I don't drink soda but they have 99 cent refills if you bring their mellow mushroom cup.
4	We celebrated a friend's birthday here on a soggy Saturday evening. We chose the deserted patio section since it was rather nice out despite a little haboob that passed by earlier in the afternoon. The inside was pretty well laid out with the bar area taking center stage with lots of LCD TVs above it--great for watching sports. The bar area also opens up on the patio side which I thought was a nice touch. There were a large variety of beers on tap with a good selection of local brews that rotate. To start, we ordered their pretzels with cheese sauce. The bread looked like it was wheat but had a creat chewy/crisp texture. The sauce was excellent as well. For the pies, we got the pesto and buffalo chicken. For a group of 5 we ordered two mediums and that was plenty for us..with leftovers! The chicken on the buffalo chicken pizza was a little bland, but the pesto was my favorite. I'll have to try some of their other specialty pizzas next time. Prices were a little high in my opinion but with a groupon, it was a good deal for us. I might try their happy hour next time I'm up near this location.
2	The service here is abysmal.Although the food is pretty good, though on the pricey side for  a specialty pizza (~$26), the service level experienced is beyond atrocious. Our visit occurred on a mid-week evening. Not busy at all (in fact nearly all of the non-booth center area tables were empty). We were promptly seated but then the wheels fell off. 12+ minutes waiting for our server to finally show up and ask for a drink order.  It got worse after that. Some examples: server no where to be found to refill or ask if we wanted another round; observed him chatting with friends nearby without regard or even a glance over at his few tables; clearing our plates without asking if we were even finished, rushing out the check taking it back while waiting and then taking the paid tab while we were still seated!Hey Brandon or Brendan, have some class. You were rude, classless and unprofessional. The lack of training throughout the front of house wait staff is clearly evident at this location. This was our second time at this location and the service was even worse than opening week. Outside of the service, the smallwares are exceptionally cheap. For $26 for a specialty pizza, I would expect it to be served on a decent plate with decent silverware. The stuff used here is the cheapest plastic plates and ultra thin table ware. Like I said, the pizza and other food we had is pretty good, but the service level makes sure you don't enjoy the food or the experience.
4	I've been a big fan of the Norterra Mellow Mushroom since it opened, and was pleased to see this one launch on the City North strip. That small stretch of businesses needed something more to shake it up and give me a reason to head over and visit!This Mellow Mushroom did not disappoint at all. The atmosphere is hip and inviting, and the separate little bar nook seating area is a nice change from the other north Phoenix location.The pizza here is always a treat and the molasses they add to the crust gives it a nice chewy deliciousness that lends to the uniqueness. There is a good variety of speciality pizzas available for all palettes, as well as the usual build-your-own option. Also, if you have a lot of friends with you and an appetite, try a full order of awesome Parmesan-garlic pretzels for an appetizer.The plethora of various beers on tap offer something for everyone. Tip: if you are thirty, order the large for a dollar more than the usual pint and you will end up getting a better deal.
5	Love the pizza!
2	Stopped in with a friend for a few beers and some appetizers about a month ago. Nice selection of craft beers at reasonable prices.Ordered Wings and Pretzels with a side of 'cheese sauce'.  I laughed when the Wings were delivered as these suckers were smallest chicken wings that I have ever seen! Almost asked to see the menu again to see if if I had ordered the Cornish Game Hen Wings! They were well cooked and the sauce was OK. Imagine large, golden brown, soft, puffy, warm, pretzels with a few flecks of sea salt. Got  the picture? Now delete it, as these are not them. While warm these inedible, dense, thin, dark grey 'pretzels' make the Pretzel Gods weep. The 'cheese sauce' was vile and not worthy of the effort trying to describe. Beer Selection: GoodService: GoodFood - Thank me now and avoid what I had.
2	Pizza is pretty good.. But everything else I have gotten is not so great!  A turkey sandwich with 2 thin slices of meat... Not nice!  Norterra location is good.  But this one has some work to do!  But plenty of draft beer just to hang at the bar!Service is slow... 30 min for food at lunch is not cool!!Nice job on the build out.  Nicest one yet!  I will keep going and see if it gets better...
1	I've made my one and only visit to this restaurant.  I wager it will be gone by the end of 2012, if not before.  The food was mediocre.  There are too many competing pizza places that serve better pizza for Mellow Mushroom to stay afloat.  Despite boasting 40 on-tap beers, we were served beer from a CAN and they actually brought the can to the table, rather than just pour it into a glass at the bar.  If you're going to have 40 taps of draft, at least ONE of them should be a domestic light beer.  Duh!  These factors, however, are not the worst of it. The music was so loud we could not hear the server talking to us, so we asked to turn it down.  The server said alot of people complain about how loud the music is.  If that's the case, maybe mangement needs to just turn the music down and leave it down.  If you don't create a pleasant dining experience, people don't come back.  And not being able to have a conversation at the table is a really bad dining experience.  But wait, it gets worse.  An employee (I'm guessing a manager since he was not in uniform) stood about 4 feet from the table, dancing and singing aloud the words to the song.  Then another employee joined in and they did a dance at the register in the middle of the dining room.  While our service was excellent, I am reading alot of complaints about slow service.  So maybe management needs to stop practicing their memba and start servicing customers.   Hence my opinion that Mellow Mushroom is not long for City North.  Only time will tell.
3	Pizza was really good and I loved their crust. We came in a little after they had opened for the day so servers were standing around waiting for guests to come in and looked very bored. And our server kept trying to upsell and offer us more food every time he came back to check on us, that was quite annoying.
1	First time to the mellow mushroom, was very excited. Took over an hour to get the pizza, waitressed blamed the amount of people in the restaurant and how busy they were restaurant was, maybe 20% occupancy. Service was absolutely awful. Pizza was okay but the service really killed it.
4	FYI: this place delivers to the JW Marriott at Desert Ridge.  I haven't heard a lot of great things about this place and when I saw the reviews I was skeptical about ordering a pizza from here but after a long day in the lazy river, we wanted pizza so I threw caution in the wind and I'm glad I did.The delivery was quick, even though it was a busy Friday night.  We ordered a cheese and a Hawaiian - both were absolutely delicious.  My dad even hopped over to our room after his fancy meal at the hotel restaurant and enjoyed a slice.  He pointed out that this pizza is made on a hearth, I can't think of how that's possible but I had fun trying to visualize it in my semi sober state of mind.  I'd like to visit the place and see it for myself sometime.
2	Honestly I come back for the  amazing food but the service is horrible. The hostess was no where to be found and it took way to long to receive my togo order. After asking two servers and the bar tenders I still had to wait around for the hosts to help me. I would hope that all team members would be able to be helpful and know how to do all tasks.
1	As a 3-year patron of the Happy Valley Mellow Mushroom, I never missed an opportunity to rave about the place.  When this location opened just 5 minutes from my house, I thought for sure it was a gift from God.  However, after 3 visits, I will never be returning to this restaurant, and will happily make the longer trek to Happy Valley, where I know I will leave satisfied.Our first visit was 2 hours long.  Not by our choosing.  Not only did it take them over 30 minutes to get us our drinks (a water and a coke), but then an hour to get our meals.  And my husband's meal was wrong, they offered to make him the pizza he really ordered, and we obliged.  Had we known it would take them another hour to make the freakin thing, we would have said no thanks.  This was only a few weeks after they had opened, so we thought that maybe it was because they were still getting their bearings, and didn't realize how busy they would be (even though the place was empty).  So we gave them another shot.The next time, we got take out pizza from them.  It was cold but I suppose I can't blame them for that.  This visit is not the reason I am writing this review.The last straw occurred last week, on Wednesday, October 10th.  I had family in town, my sister and 1 year old niece, and we brought our 2 month old son to dinner as well.  The 5 of us requested to sit outside because it was just plain gorgeous out.  We arrived before 7pm.  Upon going outside, I immediately was hit with the smell of cigarettes, so I tried to pick a table that seemed to be further away from the smell, thinking it was just some passers by outside the restaurant.  I unknowingly had chosen a table closer to a table where a few men were smoking.  Now I was under the impression that smoking was no longer allowed in restaurants...I didn't think this was new news.  My husband politely asked the server what their policy was on smoking and she said after 10pm they allowed it.  (Which I still think is bull).  Since it was well before 10pm, she asked the men to move.  They stepped just outside the bar area and the lovely draft made the stench even worse, but we couldn't complain since they weren't technically in the restaurant anymore.Our food arrived and it was good, but our conversation kept getting interrupted by some loud people, who turned out to actually be servers, who kept going over to the smoking table and socializing with the men, who were also servers.  I discovered this because when the men left the table, it was shortly reoccupied by two female servers on their breaks who promptly lit up as well.  Not only is this illegal, but with two babies nearby, it is extremely inconsiderate.When we left, we were all very disappointed, and embarrassed because we had raved so much about this place to my guest and it was such a terrible experience.  My husband went in and asked for a manager, unfortunately he didn't ask her name, but he had the sneaking suspicion that she was not actually a manager, but a server pretending to be a manager.  He asked this person what their policy was on smoking and she said they allowed it "on the ends but not in the middle."  What the heck kind of smoking policy is that, and why were we told something different before?  We will NEVER be going back to this location, and I suggest that unless your favorite pizza condiment is second hand smoke, you don't go here either.
4	The second of three locations in the Valley I've been to. Can't get enough of the "Shroom." This one had great service while dining at the outdoor patio.
1	Awful food and awful service.  I would recommend you skip this location and keep driving to the Happy Valley location where the food and service are great! Sitting with two small children, no crayons and the food taking over 45 minutes to arrive at our table wasn't the half of it.  The appetizer was cold and the lunch special pizzas that I purchased for my kids (thinking it would be better than the kids menu options) looked and tasted terrible.  In my opinion, they need to train their chef and wait staff over again.
1	"Time heals all wounds" appears to have worked as the thought of a return visit to The Mellow Mushroom no longer included an involuntary gag reflex. My return visit requires an update:- GREAT NEWS!!! The beer selection is not bad! Unfortunately no indication of any improvement in the food quality. On the plus I realized that their pretzels and cheese sauce is a MUST should anyone wish to experience how Elly Mae Clampett, from the Beverly Hillbillies, would have made them.....just think of Jethro when he broke his toe after dropping one of Elly Mae's donuts on his foot out by the cement pond.
3	A little pricey  for the best tasting pizza.  Happy Hour specials are good, and it makes for a great place to snack after leaving the bars :)
5	Pizza is unique, the pretzels are ridiculously good. The thing I value the most is the staff though, they work together and are all extremely friendly / personable. Aaron is the front of the house manager and he greets everyone with a smile and is extremely  friendly. I love the bar I must admit. Jenna and Till are out of this world, always on top if it when they are busy and chatting it up with their guests. Happy hour is half off almost all alcohol, and the seasonal beers on tap are excellent.
2	Slightly better than dominos/pizza hut/little Caesars but the price doesn't pay for quality and amount of pizza. Save your money instead for another pizza place. Seriously 20 bucks for a medium sized pizza?
3	Went there for lunch on a Friday. Sat at the bar and had a Pizza lunch special ($4.99). Go there for the beer selection. They have a long list of local microbrews on tap. The pizza was as could be expected for the price: nothing special.
2	Went for late lunch (1p) on a recent Monday. Not crowded at all...but it took 20 minutes for our spinach/artichoke APPETIZER! Waaaay too long! But the app was really good. For lunch I ordered the Mushroom Club (Ham, turkey, Applewood smoked bacon, Provolone or Swiss, caramelized onions, grilled mushrooms, mayo, lettuce and Roma tomatoes, topped with sprouts). That's the way it's described on the menu. WHAT I GOT was a lot of hoagie bread, raw, cold mushrooms on top as an afterthought and no sprouts! I was too occupied with my lunch meeting to bother saying something to our server. I didn't want them to remake it. Hell, it already took too long for the first one. I just wanted to eat it and get back to the office. Not only was the hoagie not served as described, it was dry and the tomatoes were watery. Not a great experience for my first experience.
3	Thanks to Groupon, we found this place.  It's located in North Phoenix, tucked away in a small complex with condos and a few stores....no way we would have stumbled upon this place if it wasn't for Groupon.  It's located on "High St".....LMAO (if you don't get it, you never will)The decor of the place reminds me of Scooby Doo....must be the 70's "groovy" Mushroom style.  I like it.During our two visits here, we tried:House Special (Pepperoni, Sausage, Ground Beef, Ham, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Mushrooms, Black Olives, Roma Tomatoes, Green Peppers, Onions, topped w/extra Mozzarella), $26.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mellow-mushroom-phoenix-2?select=9XuiW17WjeloTCQUd-gyCw#9XuiW17WjeloTCQUd-gyCwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mellow-mushroom-phoenix-2?select=UJppfQQonTwikS553xL1-Q#UJppfQQonTwikS553xL1-Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mellow-mushroom-phoenix-2?select=vgxCtTkRnu02WvzwcfsJew#vgxCtTkRnu02WvzwcfsJewMighty Meaty (Pepperoni, Sausage, Ground Beef, Ham & Applewood Smoked Bacon), $25.89http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mellow-mushroom-phoenix-2?select=19deUqqiqpGt-6qo2kZhAA#19deUqqiqpGt-6qo2kZhAAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mellow-mushroom-phoenix-2?select=05fn4-RMWA5yQ05HOs5lYA#05fn4-RMWA5yQ05HOs5lYAThe House Special was a bit too much for me.  There's too many toppings on the Pizza.  I like my Pizza well done, which is what we ordered, but because it has a ton of toppings, the Pizza was still very wet & soggy.  The flavors of the toppings clashed with each other....too much to handle in my opinion.The Mighty Meaty is much better.  The flavor of each of the Meats stands out and tastes well together.  It's a much better Pizza than the House Special if you like your Pizza well done.The service here was hit/miss.  One visit, it was outstanding....the next visit, it was a little slow and we had to wave down our server.If it was closer to our house, we'd probably visit more often.Return Factor - 50%
4	The location of this place, City North, has been struggling a bit over the years with restaurants that can keep their doors open. It's a fun location; several restaurants and stores all within walking distance to each other. I liked this restaurant a lot. The patio is quite large and bar access; it's sort of a sunken/basement like patio that is completely covered so it should stay relatively cool during the summer months. The menu is classic to a pizza type restaurant... pizza, meatballs, salads. etc. but it offers more as you can see when you visit.Went here on a Monday night as a very large group and the staff did pretty well... my food order didn't get placed so that was a negative to them but I did understand with the large group we had. I did eventually get my meal, albeit, 45 mins. later, but she comp'd part of the bill to say "sorry" that I appreciated. I was impressed with the selection of beers on tap as well. Happy hour specials on drinks was good, 1/2 off I think, and they have a reverse happy hour late night too.I will check this place out again for a regular date night with the hubby and then perhaps we can work off the meal with a stroll down the street and some window shopping.
5	YES! YES! YES!  I am so happy to have gone back to the Shroom the other day.  I was hesitant.   My first review of the Shroom here in AZ back in June 2012 was pretty bad.  2 stars.   It pained me to leave one of my all-time favorite Atlanta originals a 2 star scathing review.The Shroom here in AZ has it dialed in.  It is as good as I remember from growing up in Atlanta.  The yummy whole wheat crust is awesome.  Baked on the stone.  My mouth is watering just typing up this review.I have to admit that I love having a server that is passionate about something and it shows.  Our server assisted me in selecting the perfect beer for me.  Having 50 beers on tap to choose from makes selecting the perfect beer hit or miss without a aficionado. As my man Schwarzenegger says, "I'll be back!"
4	Came here with the rents and hubbers.  The place was dead- I don't really know why?  My dad and husband enjoyed the beer selection and our waitress was knowledgeable and helpful with the selections.  The pizza was also very good.  We'll be back :)
1	I don't even want to give one star--is there a zero star option??We have eaten at this Mellow Mushroom at least 10 times since they have opened and but service has always been mediocre.  One of the reasons that we kept coming back is because we kept getting manager comped meals due to a variety of issues this location had.  Tonight we went in for drinks and reverse happy hour after a birthday party at the establishment next door.  There was a group of 20 of us there and after eating a full meal, and sitting there for 2 hours- I had drank ONE drink when I went to order another drink was told that our entire party was cut off from drinks.  Excuse me?? When I asked why exactly that was the bartender/manager on duty sarcastically and rudely said "would you like me to call you a cab home?" and walked away.  With zero explanation and a cocky bartender on his high horse thank you very much but I will never come back to this establishment again.  At 11:30 at night on a Friday night I am not sure what sort of crowd you are expecting but I do not expect to be cut off after one drink. This place promotes their variety of beers on tap and is a BAR.  The service is horrible and if you want drinks/food there are plenty of other choice in the area do do not go to the City North Mellow Mushroom. I highly recommend Modern Margarita or Kona Grill right next door!
1	So every where was packed at city north, so I thought I'd try this place, heard nothing but good things. It was dead and we were seated right away we were sat in a back booth by the kitchen when I sat down, my feet stuck to the floor, so that grossed me out. We ordered brushetta and the tomatoes were mushy. Not fresh. I felt I was in a peter piper pizza for adults. Not to sure I'd bother going back. Or would refer a friend.
5	Cannot say enough good things about Mello. If you love beer the selection is amazing! Always a new one to try. The staff is friendly and personable. Taking time to let you try or explain a beer or the brewery it comes from. The pizza is yummy! It is a thick style so you are going to wait for it to bake 20-30 min, but its chicago, deep dish style so that's expected. The BEER CHEESE is the BOMB!!!
4	Great beer tasters. Nice staff.
2	The service was excellent, friendly, and attentive. Too bad the pizza was tasteless. The crust is nice and light, made of unbleached white flour. They offer Daiya (vegan) cheese, which is why we went as a family - to accommodate the vegans in the group. Unfortunately, they don't offer a whole wheat or whole grain crust to align with its healthy options.. The toppings are meager. A smattering here and there does NOT justify the high price. Sorry, Mellow Mushroom. Nice try, but I won't be back.
2	Disappointing. The only thing that wasn't disappointing was our server and the person I went with.  (so they each got a star) We had the chopped salad. Nothing on it was chopped. Why call it a chopped salad? I have done kitchen prep before so I know that this plate was sitting with friends on a tray in the fridge until our server went to go get it. It was not fresh lettuce. It was white, hard, some brown, old pathetic lettuce. We shared a pizza which he said he would have cut into 6 pieces and it wasn't. Pizza was unremarkable. Didn't ask us if we wanted dessert. If you are a server a piece of advice is ALWAYS ASK!!! If we say yes, then that's MORE TIP FOR YOU! I went once before to the Norterra location with my husband and I love me a soft pretzel so I was looking forward to trying theirs. I'm from Philly so we are used to pretzels which are sold everywhere (on the street corners to the airport) in sets of three, in a brown paper bag. Theirs was pizza dough in the shape of a pretzel. Hmm. No. The pretzels at Brat Haus were WAAAAAAY better. I probably will not go back.
3	I love Mellow Mushroom. Wish they had these in California. I always, always order the Sourdough twisted pretzels with a side of red sauce Turbodog Beer Cheese! It is heaven!! Great, great beer selection! You will not go wrong.
1	-The pizza was good, very good actually.-Outstanding beer selection, bordering on amazing.-The service? Not so much.We walked in.  There were 4 of us.  The hostess/teenager boy at the hostess stand had this confused look on his face, semingly unable to comprehend why there would be 4 people looking at him near the "Please wait to be seated" sign  After several odd moments you could practically see the bolt of lightning strike him.  "Oh!" he exclaimed, "Would you like to be seated?!?"It was a slow Wednesday night, after Happy Hour and the place was pretty dead.Everything else went fairly well right up until near the end.  Then the waiter seemed to lose interest in us once we were almost done and not ordering more.  He had to be stared at to bring a box for the pizza.  I also asked for the check since we were clearly done and had been done for a long while.  Then he slowly cleared the table.  "Can you get us the check?" I asked again.     Then he came by and asked if we wanted our water filled or dessert.  "We want to leave. Please get our check"He brought it, and I immediately held out my credit card hoping he wouldn't escape.  He bolted.Finally, I stood up and got in his way and handed it to him as he tried to slip by.Meanwhile, he flat out disappeared.  My wife was walking around the mostly empty restaurant looking at the decorations.  My kids were standing up, unable to sit any longer. I was just sitting, giving him the stink eye as he did just about everything except bring back our check.He saw this scene but walked over to chat up the bartender girl and some other guy.  Finally I had to walk into their conversation and say "give me that" referring to the check and my credit card in his hand.  He never said a word and just gave it to me and walked away.UPDATE:I visited again.  It was another dose of the same thing.  We had eaten half of our pizza and were clearly all done.  The waiter came over.  "Can I get you anything else?"I said "No,  we're all done, just a box and the check please"What did he do?He walked over to chit chat with the bartender girl, and then drifted over to hang out with another waitress, he just leaned his ass against the counter (The counter with a huge stack of pizza boxes!!!) and then got all excited when he got another table seated.  He tended to them, took their drink orders and brought their drinks and only then got around to bringing us the box that he was asked for 15 minutes before.My review had been 2 stars and since the same exact thing happened again, I took one more away.
3	Went here on a Groupon, had heard good things about it so I thought we would give it a whirl.  The location at City North is a bit cool, with lots of other restaurants and the live/eat/play type situation.  This location is easy to find and parking wasn't that bad. The 3 stars is the service is sloooowww and it wasn't even that busy.  The food, while original in the combination choices was ok. Not bad, not great, kinda pricey for what it is.  Will I go back without a Groupon, probably not.
2	Awesome happy hour prices and a huge selection of tap beers. That's the only thing Mellow Mushroom has going for it. The appetizers are decent, and I usually get an order of the pretzels with beer cheese when I go, but they are underwhelming.As for the pizza- it makes me sick every time. Every. Time. I have never had issues with pizza (in fact I just finished lunch at NYPD Pizza) before so I'm not sure what the deal is, but I assume there's something going on in the kitchen that I would rather not know about.I'll be back for the beers during Happy Hour, but that's about it.
4	Yummo, not sure why this place has such lackluster reviews, because the pizza was awesome and the beer list extensive! I like the location next to Desert Ridge because parking is easy and it's a nice quiet area. The pizza menu has a ton of vegetarian options, which is a big bonus. I absolutely love the Gourmet White pizza. The crust is amazing - thin for the pizza topping area and super thick, moist, & dense (but in a very pleasing way) for the crust portion. The flavors of this pizza are so spot on - garlicky and cheesy, exactly how it's described. I think getting the medium or large size, instead of the small or personal size, makes the proportion of thick crust better. The Kosmic Karma pizza is okay - I found the vegetable toppings to be a little lackluster...I hate when the tomato area gets all soggy which plagues this pizza, but the pesto sauce swirl is yummy.Service is hit or miss...I've been here for work lunches where our order was taken quickly and the food came out quickly, and other times where that wasn't the case. The prices are a little bit higher than other pizza places, but Mellow Mushroom does have a higher quality of toppings and pizza combinations.
4	yummilicious!  went on a groupon... was not disappointed!   have already been back!  love it  great salad, pizza, beer selection!  kid friendly, casual... new fav for sure!!
5	Awesome place!
5	We loved this place!  The ambiance is so different and COOL; musical instruments as light fixtures, cool Jazz album covers on the walls, and a great mix of alternative and contemporary music being played.The draft beer selection is extensive, the service was impeccable, and the food was excellent.  Ordered the artichoke dip to start; hot and tasty.  Then the Veggie Madness medium pizza for dessert and it was amazing; so many veggies and even tofu for protein!  We had half of it leftover, that's how generous the toppings were.  The crust was great, too, Parmesan and olive oil drizzled on it which made it just awesome.We'll be returning in the next couple of weeks, if not sooner!
4	Had a better experience at this location than the one on I-17, pizza has much better and was on our table fairly quick. I liked the garlic crust and was much thicker than what we had before. Decent service and we had a groupon. The places in AZ are so competitive for pizza and this is middle I the road but good.
5	Every time I'm in here food is amazing! Service is way better at the bar then dinning room. Been to all three each one has different vibes but this jazz theme is amazing!
2	Awesome beer selection!! Nice job on the taps Mellow Mushroom!Why did the waiter abandon us and make us wait 20 minutes to be able to pay and leave once we told him we were done?
4	This place has super easy parking and a spacious inside with a large patio outside. The service was lackluster but the pizza was great! We ordered the kosmic karma and it was the best pizza I've had in months. Haven't tried anything else yet but I'd go back for sure.
4	We came during happy hour from 3-6pm. We got wings and pretzels. I have never seen a smaller chicken wing but tasty. Pretzels were tasty especially with beer cheese. Ordered BBQ chicken pizza, great! Ordered Hot Potato pizza and it was very spicy! Ranch dressing with jalapenos was hot, hot, hot.
2	I got two take out pizzas - the gluten free cheese and regular cheese pizza. My kids love pizza and they literally ate a bite of this pizza and didn't want anymore. I've had lots of gluten free pizzas in town and can honestly say based on my experience this would be the last choice in the future. The service was great. The lady checking me out was super sweet, my pizzas were ready when I came to pick them up. The place looked really cool inside, there were parking spots dedicated for people picking up pizzas. Neither the gluten free or the regular crust pizzas, unfortunately, tasted good - bland, hard crust and little flavor. Other than the food, all else was good!
1	Came here late Saturday night for the first time to get a pizza to go. Bartender was extremely rude and I had to flag down another bartender to finally put my order in. Took over 30 minutes to get my pizza when they weren't crowded and people who came after me where getting there food one by one. So long story short, the service was awful. Now the pizza. I got whatever they call their works and the other half was a chorizo style. I felt like the pizza is just a half step above ur average delivery pizza like papa johns. The crust was limp, sauce was too sweet, and the toppings weren't that fresh. If the service was even adequate I would give them 3 stars. Like I said, it's a step above delivery pizza, not bad. But with that kind of service I will never go again.
2	I, of course, went here with a groupon and high hopes! I had been before but only for happy hour so I didn't try the pizza. We went there because they offer gluten free pizza and were hoping to find a great new place. Unfortunately, this was anything but. The crust was flat out not good. It was soggy and tasted awful. I barely choked down two pieces and that was only because I was hungry enough for it to seem worth it. I know finding good gluten free food can be difficult, but go ahead and cut this one off the list. Picazzo's is much better and for about the same price you can actually eat their food!
4	Plenty of tv's blaring pre-season football and a craft beer selection that'll remind you of aisle 12 at Total WIne. (my happy place)Servers were all friendly and attentive. Their pizza is guaranteed to fill you like a blue tick with its thick crust and generous toppings. Two slices and I was bloating like a Macy's Thanksgiving Parade balloon. Ambiance is fun. Lots of musical instruments hanging from the walls. A cathartic little journey for any failed  teenage garage band.No waiting. Walked in at seven on a Saturday night and although the place looked full, they feature both an inside bar and and outside bar. We chose the outside bar since it was me and my Italian buddy who's unable to speak without using lewd hand gestures.Overall, MM is a pretty decent place.
4	Mellow mushroom pizza is now one of my favorites. The crust is the best I have ever had and the toppings were fresh. I have been their 2 times now and the serving staff wasn't exactly the most friendly or helpful. I would rate the service as a 2-3 and the pizza as a 5. The pizza will keep me coming back, but the service might have me chose takeout.
3	Let us just start this with the name and the location.Mellow Mushroom on High Street. I do not think they could of planned it better.I feel like I am in Seattle or Oregon because,it is just that type of feel.I would say that this is more for the younger, higher crowd. Old Guys like me who have never gone down that path can find the humor for sure.So besides the great name and location, nice music, fun to be there.TV's are all around and loud.  I cannot say that I am excited by the food. The Pizza is just OK.  It took a long time to get it. But, you never know until you try it right!It is not bad ,it is just not great.
1	We went here for the first time this past Sunday night. Service was fine, food was good, liked the atmosphere. We were happy we tried the MM and were planning to come back frequently until we smelled the cigarette smoke.I smelled cigarette smoke and noticed the doors on the other side of the bar were opened. On the other side of these garage doors is the smoking area. The smoke was coming inside the restaurant. Told the manager and she said they can open the doors to the smoking area at 10pm. I told her it is before 9pm, there are kids inside and I don't want to smell cigarette smoke when I am eating.  Since it was before 10pm she said she would have the bartender close the doors.Manager went on to say the doors seperating the smoking area from the restaurant would be open at 10pm. She said she needs to accommodate the smokers. As a non smoker I am not going to go back to a place that wants to accommodate smokers over non smokers.
4	This place is great! Used a groupon and there wasn't any issue and in fact it was pleasantly dealt with!  The pizza is mouth watering and the atmosphere consists of singing customers and enough drinks to make you feel as if your at the Yard house!
4	Stopped on for a happy hour. Very nice beer selection and our bartender was extremely knowledgeable about every beer we asked about. We had the Hummus and Meatballs. The hummus was tasty and served with Fresh pita bread cut in to nice 3 bite pieces. Not just meatballs! served with fresh mozzarella cheese between made it special.
5	amazing gluten free pizza here! same price as a regular medium pizza and you get a medium! i like that they don't charge extra. calzones are super cheesy and gooey. great selection of beer and drinks, got the pear berry cider and it was great & gluten free. they have a $4.99 lunch special as well as lots of happy hours!
4	What a fun place! I have had friends rave about this place, but had no idea what it would be like. I loved the decor - the lighting, the drum kit chandeliers, the album art and great music blasting. It's clean, it's has an "open" feel, and seems very family friendly. I went with my dad on a Saturday afternoon and it was about half full - some folks at the bar (nice tvs) and several families. Good: We ordered the Holy Shiitake 10", which was plenty big for the two of us!  It was very unique, and I've had a lot of truffle oil/mushroom pizzas! Big fan. Great decorBad: The service was lacking. They were pretty attentive, but not friendly. Not the hostess, not our waitress. A chef from the kitchen came to ask us about our meal as he cleared our plates, and when I remarked about the unique deliciousness of the pizza we had, he told us how much he doesn't like mushrooms. I mean, whatever, but I wouldn't mention to patrons how much you dislike the pizza they just told you you liked? I'd DEFINITELY return. I loved it - just bump up the service and it'd be a 5-star place!
4	Our waitress (in training) and her trainer were great, I ordered the red skin potato on recommendation from someone, and it was ok, guess just not my thing. I will stick with the egg and panceta. They didn't have any clean dishes when we had our app, so we had to eat the app from the main plate, very akward... they were aware and apologetic, that fixes it for me :)
4	Met the family for pizza and beer last night and had a great experience. Is our second time meeting there and both times the service was great as well as the pizza. I recommend this place to anybody.
2	The pizza is pretty good and unique, and if you like doughy crust you'll be happy. Plenty of options for veggie heads and meat eaters alike.Great tap list, I just wish someone would come over and offer to get me another beer. Really poor service up to this point, probably won't be back. There is another one at Norterra, if you really care that much.
4	If you like good craft beer, delicious pizza and reasonable prices, then check out the Mellow Mushroom. They have a GREAT happy hour and even offer a reverse happy hour starting at 10:00 PM. During happy hour the appetizers are half off AND drinks. Beer. Wine. Spirits. All alcoholic beverages are half off. This place has a great beer selection, and they taste ever better when they are half price. Also, when you offer a beer, the glass will be frozen. You can ask for a room temperature glass if you are a beer snob like me! I've never been upset with this place, and I would dare to say we are regulars!
4	The food is pretty good.  The beer selection is excellent, worth a trip to taste a nice variety of flavors.  We go during the afternoon on weekends, not too crowded and good place to watch some football or whatever sport is on that season.
3	It was  a 3 birthday gathering for adults held on the patio, weather was nice with adequate fans, limited outdoor sports tv, pizzas were good but not excellent but there was a wide selection of all kinds, margaritas were not outstanding and pricey. Very good selection of brewed beers, Service was outstanding for this large a party and they tracked your individual purchases. Had a good time with friends and family.
3	My husband and I tried this place out about a year ago and have not been back since.  My husband loves pizza, he can eat a whole one to himself!  We started off with a salad and a lemonade as I was pregnant at the time.  The lemonade tasted like city water.... I would suggest a filter on their water system? The salad was alright, sounded better on the menu.  We ordered a pretty plain pizza, pepperoni and cheese.  After one slice neither my husband or I wanted to eat anymore.  The dough was in our opinion very undercooked.  Although we were warned that their dough is like this because after all it is the special way they make their pizza, but we did not like it.  What we did like was the location, ambience and our server was very sweet.
5	Love this place!!  Great for taking the family out for a fun night or as a date night or just solo!  Beer selection is one of the best around, if you like good quality beers.  Pizzas rock!  Servers are also very friendly.  They hire the right people.  Try to pie with jalapenos....you won't regret it!
4	Ive tried Mello Mushroom at both Norterra and at this location in City North. I like this location a lot better. The service is good and I really enjoy the buffalo chicken pizza with ranch and not blue cheese. The pizza is a bit expensive and I would recommend asking for the pizza to be "well done" if you like your crust crunchy, but overall we were happy with the food and will be back.
5	This is one of my new favorite places, easily. All their food amazing, especially the bruscetta and pizzas. I recommend the Funky Q Chicken (bbq, chicken and bacon pizza), the Mighty Meaty and the Cescar Salad pizza. Also they always have a huge selection of craft beer, both tap and bottle selections. They also do seasonal special taps here and there. This is an awesome place for lunch, dinner or late night drinks; it all works.
3	It's Mellow Mushroom, so the one thing that's sure to be good is the pizza.NOW ON TO THE BAD: This is kind of a hit-or-miss "bad" thing, and I actually wrote about it in a prior review of the Tempe location. The problem is the pushy beer upselling. I understand they have to make money on these beers and it seems their primary motivation, but some of the waitresses are just ruthless with this junk. Upsell if you must, but have some freakin' discretion. Luckily, this has happened just once to us in going to the High St. location, but once was enough.Said waitress was not only obnoxious with trying to sell beers, she even sat down at our table and ogled us, complete with alarmingly fake Scottsdale smile, as we tried to decide what to order. Creepiness just in time for Halloween, I guess. As other reviewers have noted, the wait staff seems to like to disappear for long periods and fraternize with coworkers as opposed to doing simple tasks like bringing the freakin' check back.Like I said, it's hit or miss. Generally, and especially at High St., we've had a good wait staff experience; just seems the wait staff and the upselling are low points to the 'shroom.As for other stuff, the decor and set-up here are pretty nice; plus, it doesn't seem to get overly packed here (last time we went was on a Friday night at Reverse Happy Hour; it was busy, but not loud and filled with bodies or anything). I reckon you should just cross your fingers that you don't get a potential car salesman for your waitress.
2	Excellent food.Horrible service.We have eaten here several times since its opening. Beginning with our first visit, we have had to experience lack of service. Sometimes, we wait forever to have our order taken. Sometimes, we don't receive refills. EVERY TIME, we wait forever for the check. How can you claim to value customers ( loyal customers at that!) when you forget they exist at all?! Several visits in a row, beginning with our first visit, we exchanged words with the manager. He was a great guy. It even became a bit of a tolerable joke that he would come out to respond to a complaint and it would be us. However, it soon became old. Not for us, but for him! He became cold and unaccommodating toward us, no longer offering compensation for the continued awful service. I don't think it's unreasonable to expect service. Not even great service, just any service at all would be great!We still eat here occasionally. Why? Because the food is just. That. Good. Try the Eggs Benedict pizza on the brunch menu, it is incredible!
1	I came here for drinks, so that is what my review is about.  I ordered a scotch on the rocks, oh that's $1 extra for ice.  grrr.  Next drink, I'll have a scotch neat.  oh $1 extra for neat.  What???  I don't even care about the dollar.  It's the principle of the matter.  Just tell me the scotch is $11 not $10.
5	This place is my absolute favorite. The holy shiitake pizza is amazing and the IPA selection is terrific. Highly recommended
4	This place is definitely one of my default "go to" spots. Their happy hour is fantastic, and their beer selection is always great. You are always guaranteed a good time stopping in late at night since all the regulars are super friendly. The only thing that kept this from "5" stars is due to some of the staff leaving to open the Ahwatukee store.
1	service not great
4	I have eaten several pizza places in the valley.  I like this location compared to the Happy Valley.  (That one seemed like the sauce was too salty). The wheat like bread opposed to white tastes yummy, and my husband much enjoyed the gluten free crust, as he has compared to many too. The only downside was the cost  $60 for two pizzas to get it the way you want because none of the specialties seemed like good enough standards the way they are.  After Market Bistro closing, hard to find a good pizza joint on this end of town.  This pizza reminds me of Barros but just a little bit healthier version and I like really Barros. Other places have too much grease on the pizza for my liking.
4	Red potato is delicious! Probably the best pizza on the menu:). Secondly would be the buffalo chicken pizza. Do not get the wings though! Overpriced and fatty! Ugh. All in all good place for pizza!
5	This is one of my favorite places to go for late night happy hour! This seems to be one of the only places in the area that is open until 2am, every night of the week! Working late some nights so this is the perfect place to stop into on the way home. They have a large selection of beer on draft that seems to be changing frequently! The bartenders are always very friendly and attentive! I've tried a pear martini that's very delicious but I usually stick to "my usual". A gin martini with cucumber, simple syrup and lemon! Sooo refreshing! As far as food goes...I haven't tried anything I didn't like! The combo pizza is sooo good, even reheated the next day! Tons of toppings and the perfect amount of cheese! The dough is made fresh and always tastes so light and fluffy! I'm usually someone who stops once I  hit the crust, so this is saying something. Only problem with the pizza, it's not on their happy hour menu :( The pretzels with cheese are very good, too! I believe they're made from the same dough as the pizza. The cheese is thick and very flavorful! You get a very large portion of pretzels for the happy hour price! Can't go wrong! The meatballs are massive! It comes with 3 and a very tasty marinara sauce! Definitely something that will fill your belly! Now for the grand finale...my favorite...the wings!!! Oh my gosh! I crave these daily! I always get the Thai sauce. A little spicy but too good to turn down. The full size has 10 wings and I eat every one of them, every time! They are so juicy and flavorful! You won't be disappointed!
2	I was a huge Mellow Mushroom fan years ago when I lived in Atlanta... There were several locations there at the time and they never did me wrong.  I especially liked their pretzels and their signature Esperanza dressing.  So when I heard they were opening in Phoenix, I was psyched... and you'd think that with four locations within 25 miles, I'd have eaten at one of them before today, but that isn't the case.So today when I realized that I had the time in my schedule to have lunch with my mother-in-law and son, I suggested Mellow Mushroom, and they obliged.  When we walked in, I couldn't help but compare this location to the more casual and laid back atmosphere of the locations in Atlanta.  This City North location is fancier, but I guess that is what comes along with being in City North - a newish development.  We were seated way in back in a booth and Gary was our waiter. He was friendly, and took our order in a timely manner, but the kitchen was supposedly way backed up due to a catering order and it took a good 45 minutes to get our food (2 salads and an order of kids mac & cheese).  I drank my entire water while waiting for our food and it was never refilled.  After waiting a good 30 minutes, I asked if my son could have some crackers since he was starving and we were given some chips... and then finally it arrived.  The kids portion was perfect and came with some apple slices.When our salads finally came, we had to take them to-go due to time constraints. I'm not sure if it was because we got them to-go or because we didnt' get the pretzels, but neither the food or experience was as pleasant as my memories from years of visits to the Atlanta locations of Mellow Mushroom.The manager did end up comping our meal due to the time we spent waiting, which was a nice gesture... but even so, if I return, I'd likely just call ahead and get my food to-go.
2	I work around the Desert Ridge/City North area and the service here is always SO slow. We love the food but we always have to plan ahead what we have to order so that we can get back to work in a reasonable time. It is never very busy and it takes long whether there is 4 of us or 6 of us. I can't imagine how long it would take if there was a wait!Management really needs to address this....
2	The service will be its downfall.  Loved the atmosphere, the bar and the beer selection.  Food is good.  Pretzels are just ok and not for a party of 2 - they are huge.  Salad did not have the ingredients that it was supposed to have.  Pizza was great.  Service was terrible.  Took forever to be seated (hostess chatted on the phone for 10 minutes while we stood there), to be acknowledged by our server (15 minutes), to place our order (20 minutes, with our menus closed), to get our food (40 minutes) (and the appetizer came out with the pizza), and to get our check and to pay (30 minutes of sitting there, waiting).    Restaurant was mostly empty and there was plenty of staff.  The food is not a big enough draw to tolerate the bad service.  And, even though they offer lunch specials, you will never get out in an hour.
3	We received a coupon in the mail, so we decided to try it. Ordered the mighty meaty pizza. The crust is really good, but the meat was kind of gross. Like ground beef with zero seasonings. Wish I could've picked it off, but it was baked into the cheese. All in all, I wouldn't order from here again, and I'm glad I didn't pay full price. Maybe with a coupon id try a veggie pizza, but I don't think it was worth $26.
2	Two stars because I couldn't quite give it three...  We tried this place because we had a coupon and we heard that they had vegetarian options.The service was slow and inattentive.  We were seated in a place that seemed to be tucked away almost like they didn't want to have to look at us.  That's alright, but the waiter should have checked in on us a little more instead of just taking it for granted that we would tip him.  Or, maybe he was frightened of us?  Food was slow in getting to us, but not so slow that I would have walked out.  The music was too loud, it was distracting and made it seem like the wait was longer.  We got to stare at the pretentious decor for a little too long.  But, we figured if the food is good, it doesn't matter too much.  We had gluten free pizzas with vegan cheese.  It was okay...they skimped on the vegan cheese horribly.  But, the pizza was hot when we got it so I guess that was a plus.  I was expecting it to be cold because the server seemed to avoid us...or maybe this was because it was so loud and he knew he couldn't hear us or it was hurting his hearing at the spot where we were?  Who knows.The pizzas were not large enough.  We ordered two so we could take pizza back to another family member.  Both of us made an effort to stop eating so there would be enough to take with us. The WORST part of it was discovering how much the bill was at the end.  This was a very expensive place to eat.  The prices were not clearly marked on the menu for the gluten-free things or I would probably have walked out in the beginning.  We were charged $3 extra for vegan cheese...but as I said they put so little on the pizzas.  So, the little pizzas we ordered ended up being $22 each, the drinks were $6 each, we got an appetizer and we had a $10 off coupon.  For two people to eat a pizza dinner it was $57 AFTER the coupon.  It wasn't worth it.  I won't go back.  There's other places to eat.  I don't know if this place thinks it is trendy and that makes it worth it?  I was looking forward to eating there because I heard about it from a few people that went to the other location in Phoenix.  The ambiance didn't make up for any of it.Anyhow...work on your pricing, work on your service and train your servers to be more attentive, and maybe turn down your music so people can enjoy themselves instead of feeling tortured.  Or maybe this is so people don't linger too long?  But then again if that were it, the food would have come faster?The place wasn't all that busy for a Saturday night at 7:30, but finding a place to park was difficult.  Mellow Mushroom needs to work on things a bit.  :)  I know that gluten free, vegan fare is somehow more expensive....but this was a little ridiculous.
2	Service was good, wings were good but both sandwiches, which were supposed to be best per server, the Philly and club had no flavor whatsoever accept the bread which was good.
5	Yes!!!Mellow Mushroom is my favorite pizza and the decor is really cool!! Seriously, go there...now!
4	The house pizza had lots of meaty ingredients and tasted great.  They also have an impressive craft beer selection.  This is a good choice if you are in the City North area.
2	First time there last week. Ordered a cheese and italian sausage pizze. Hardly any sausage. Server did not ask if I wanted another glass of wine but asked my husband if he wanted another beer. Also we asked about thin crust  but when we ordered he did not pursue and we ended up with their standard crust.   Finally the server never asked how our food was. The topping was we had to ask for extra sauce because the pizza was dry.
4	The meatball starter is bomb. Pizzas are some of the best... I think it's the crust. They have gluten free too but in my opinion, if you don't have to go gluten free, don't waste the opportunity to have great pizza just to save a few cals. It's kinda like cardboard. Beer selection is really good and the bar staff are educated and can guide your palette. It's typically dead during the day but late night is a bit busier, especially with service industry folk.
5	Best happy hour after 10 pm 7 days a week!We love to get the sweet Thai chili baked wings... Double baked.  It's rare to find crunchy wings that aren't fried!  Also the hummus is decent and straightforward and can be ordered with veggies instead of pita.The 5 stars is due to the great consistent service.  We live nearby and have frequented this spot several times and no matter if we get a table or sit at the bar, the staff is friendly and professional.Finally, all alcohol is half off during happy hour!! My favorite local draft is the Papago orange blossom.
5	Jenna and Joe are like my family! They are the best bartenders in the city! Mellow is like my home  and I don't know what I would do if there was not Mellow to get me through my day! Thank you Jenna and Joe for always being super nice to me!  Thanks you guys for making me happy all the time! I love you!!!!!  Sasha 4803814393 !
5	Yum-ola. Friendly bartender. Bunches of tvs, free WiFi, great food, and affordable. Enlightened spinach salad, chicken hoagie, meatball Sammie are all fabulouso. I eat tons of food. They serve large portions and fresh food, lots of veggies. I am a happy lean clean-eatin mean lady.
2	Update
5	It seriously blows my freaking mind that this place only has 3 stars. Maybe the fancy-ass City North crowd is too cool for a little Mellow? Whatever the case, I give everything here a SOLID five stars.The food? Fantastical. The pretzels with Abita TurboDog beer cheese? 1 word: amazeballs. Or is that supposed to be 2 words? Whatever. It's awesome. And the pizza! Oy vey. They come up with some of the funkiest topping combinations - that I would never try without prompting - but the quality and tender loving care with which everything is applied and baked to perfection just makes it work. And on the rare occasion that you come to a pizza-and-beer joint looking to eat light, their salads have never disappointed me either.The service? I've literally never been less than thrilled with it. We usually sit at the bar, and everyone we've been served by has been friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. The bartenders genuinely seem to care about whether or not we're as totally enthused about our beer selection as they are, and that makes me do a little happy jig.The atmosphere? Love. From the decor to the music (usually) and everything in between, I'm a fan. I feel that, if I was a man, I would model my man-cave after this spot. If I had a man cave.*Edit* After reading some of the reviews, I've noted that a lot of the negativity is due to "slow" service. I've never found it particularly slow, but I guess I would never think to come to a restaurant with "Mellow" in the title and expect a Pizza Hut wait time. But I guess that's just me :)
3	Their lunch specials are great for the price! Same with happy hour. I love the pretzels and beer cheese. Decent side salad and their hoagie sandwiches are awesome. I had an extremely lazy and unenthusiastic waiter for first experience. He didn't mention happy hour, he forgot our drink order, he didn't check back on us until our food was gone etc.. Luckily a neighboring server was much more friendly so I stopped him to converse. He was much more helpful and even gave my boyfriend and I free lunch special coupons to come back! I will be back again to try the pizza :)
5	Great beer selection and awesome pizza! The service was fantastic! I can't wait to go back!!
4	The service and beer selection at this location are great. Gary was our bartender and had a good knowledge of the beers on draft and the happy hour is phenomenal. Try the founders dirty bastard on tap.
1	Every damn time.It's always something. That advertise 1/2 off ALL drinks during happy hour. There is no asterisk, no fine print.All means all  We ordered 2 Funkwerks beers. Guess what?Secret Surprise!Funkwerks excluded.  That was not disclosed on the placard, or the beer list nor by the waitress. Too bad because (in her words)"That's just how it is"I hate myself for coming back here.
4	Great rotating taps, and good pricing for happy hour.  The wings and bruschetta are the best options for food.  Staff has changed up a bit in the past year and not as personable as before.  A great spot in City North!
5	I consider myself a Mellow Mushroom veteran. I have been going to the one on Happy Valley for years and try to hit all the new locations in the valley. I've been to the city north location before buts it's always been boring. Well that was way before our two most favorite bartenders were there, Jenna and her sidekick Joe. They were original bartenders of the Happy Valley location where my wife and I have become regulars. They were awesome and left manage other locations. Well I, glad they are close to home than before. Noe actually wasn't working at the time but Jenna took a photo of us and sent it to hi, and he recognized us in a heartbeat. Hard to do after not crossing paths for over a year!Now that I know they are back we will be back more often. Plus the patio at this location rocks. Just has a cool vibe to it. Oh in a side note, we did order the mighty meaty pizza and it was equally as great as other mellows. What Was a little different was this location actually prints out their beer menu each day. Super cool and should start a Mellow Mushroom trend!!! Way to go guys!
2	Okay, so this place gets three stars for the food but one star for service and convenience. Granted, I've only done take-out here, but both times it was a bad service experience. First time, they tell my food will be ready in 30 minutes. I'm there 30 minutes later and it's still not ready. I sit inside for like five minutes then tell them I'm going to sit outside with my kids (there's a little bench outside), so please knock on the window or call outside to let me know it's done. 15 minutes later, I'm still waiting, kids are going crazy. I go inside and not only is my food done, but it's been placed in the warming holder waiting for me. By the time we got home, pizza was mushy and not great. Maybe it would have been better had they let me know when it was done. Thanks.Second time (there only was a second time due to a Groupon and the fact that my husband likes their house special gluten-free pizza), both take-out spots were filled and no parking on the street anywhere. I ended up having to park in the freaking garage and haul my kids and my pregnant self all the way down and across the street in 105 degree weather to get our mediocre take-out. I get in there and SURPRISE I'm the only one getting take out. I mention to them that I just had to walk from the garage because both their take out spots are taken and there's CLEARLY no one in there getting take-out but me. They give me a little sad look and say, "We know." I got a hoagie this time and my husband got the house special gluten-free again. My hoagie was fairly good, but nothing really special. I won't dare get take-out again from Mellow Mushroom for fear of the hassle I'll have to go through next time. Also for fear of looking like Rocky when I wake up like I do this morning from the crazy amount of salt in my food. No, thanks.
2	This place needs some serious overhauling. The food, once you finally get it, is pretty good. But, the service is terrible. We were there at 1 o'clock on a Monday afternoon when a lunch crowd should have been underway. There are about 3 or 4 tables total in the whole place, and our server, while very friendly, was super slow. Hubby had an iced tea, needed to flag Jebidiah down for a refill. There is no reason food should have taken literally 28 minutes, I had a salad and my husband had a sandwich. Like I said, it tasted fine once it arrived but I think a cardboard box would have also tasted great as we waited so long for its arrival. No wonder this place keeps putting out Groupons, I think it's the only reason people actually frequent it. My initial visit to this place a year ago was great, however every time that we have been back since has been terrible.
3	Came in last night around 7ish and the place was very busy, but not to much where we had to wait forever for a table. The hostess takes us to a table in the back of the restaurant. To be honest I was a little disappointed at the location of it. The table was right by the back door so every minute or so someone would walk through. Not that I don't mind, it was just hot. So we wait about 8 minutes and nobody acknowledged we were there. I was getting upset. But my boyfriend really wanted to eat here so we waited. Not to mention we were soo hungry!  Out of nowhere the kitchen manager comes up to us and apologizes about them "forgetting" about us. After that he personally served us our meal and went absolutely above and beyond to assist us. He was great and had excellent customer service!  Definitely a cool location off of high street. The food is mediocre, I don't think it was worth the price. Other then the exceptional service from the manager, nothing else made me  want to come back anytime soon.
4	Great pizza and beer!  We love this place and their food is always fresh and delicious.
5	This place is awesome! Great staff and bartenders. Awesome happy hour with 1/2 off all appetizers and drinks, it's unbeatable!
4	All the appetizers are awesome, they have the best pizza and the best calzones. Only downside is their food is expensive, always end up leaving spending at least $65-$70
2	We took our friends who are visiting from St. Louis here for lunch on Friday, June 27.  We placed our order with our waiter.  Two of us ordered pizza with vegan cheese.  After a considerable amount of time someone came to our table to inform us that the pizzas have butter and parmesan on the crust and asked if we would like to omit that.  We said yes.  Another lengthy amount of time went by and when the order arrived only one pizza had vegan cheese and the other had been prepared with regular cheese and the buttery, parmesan crust.  The waiter told the woman who was helping him deliver our food that both pizzas were to be made vegan.  They told me they would make another one right away.  We waited...and waited...and waited.  The pizza finally came out and everyone else was finished with their food.  The waiter apologized and said the cost of that pizza would be removed from the bill.  We were there for almost 2 hours which was not our intention as we had plans following lunch.  It was frustrating and aggravating.  The menu proudly advertises that pizzas can be made vegan.  This vegan will not be returning.  I want to count on my food order being properly prepared when I dine out.  Mellow Mushroom needs to pay attention to dietary accommodations, especially since they make special note of doing so on their menu.
3	After visiting a couple times I figured I am ready for a review.  The Ambiance of Mellow Mushroom is nice and laid back. Great for groups, kids and to watch a game.  The calzones, salads and hoagies are delicious as well as the pretzel bites.  I thought the pizza was a little subpar.  Personally I will lean toward the build your own calzone and their mushroom and sausage are great additions as long with the mushrooms and spinach.
1	This restaurant is NEVER busy which is a sign that something is wrong but I have been here many times & continued to give them a chance. I am not the kind of person that writes reviews but I have to review this restaurant so others are aware of how they run their business. Although I've been to this location at city north many times in the past, last night will be my LAST.On multiple occasions we have been waited on by a waiter & waitress that smell like smoke. I'm not a smoker and I don't mind if others smoke but I do not want a waiter who is serving food to my kids food to smell like an ashtray every time he/she walks up to the table.Last night we were treated terribly by the manager. We choose to go to mellow mushroom with some of our friends for dinner (32 of us in total) because there was a groupon for $20 worth of food. We ALL purchased the groupon  and sat at 8 SEPERATE tables and all had SEPERATE tabs. At the end of the meal, the manager was RUDE and ARGUED with us all about why he could only allow ONE of our tables to use the groupon because we were considered a "group"!  He told us he would lose his job if he allowed every table to use a groupon. The fine print on my groupon states limit "one groupon per table" which is what we had!!!!!If it weren't for our 32 people, the restaurant would have been empty!! We brought a big group of customers to them last night and we were not treated like they appreciated the business. We will never return to this restaurant for dinner and will certainly NEVER plan a group event there again!!!!
5	Best happy hour around! The craft beer selection cannot be beat.  We've become regulars because of the staff.  Love them! And if life couldn't get any better, they have a Groupon that includes happy hour AND alcohol!! (One per/table, of course). I feel like a thief. ...and will be be back to keep stealing. :)
2	Two stars because I really have had better.  It could have been because my boyfriend and I did not follow the golden rule...we ordered hoagies at a pizza place and that's what we get for not ordering the pizza....which is the specialty at the Mellow Mushroom.The service was pretty good considering this place was not that busy at all on a Sunday night.  We were seated rather quickly and in a nice roomy booth at that.  Right away our server was very attentive and explained the menu.  We ordered the hoagies, which she explained would take 20 minutes to prepare and would be served hot.  20 minutes later our hoagies came out but where not hot, they were more like room temp.  This didn't really bother me because I ordered the meatball hoagie and I didn't think it was too bad.  But my bf ordered the Italian with lots of salami and pepperoni with no melted cheese...so we asked if they could reheat it for us.  Our server did this with no hesitation and a few minutes later it was back on the table very heated up.    The hoagies were just okay--nothing too great here.  Mine could have used a little more sauce.
5	We first tried mellow mushroom on a Groupon, and now we're regulars. The red skin potato pie is AMAZING (but make sure to ask for spicy ranch on the side if you're wimpy like me). We normally get take out, and they aren't always super speedy to get to the side door (might need a bell) but food is very GOOD!  We also liked their BBQ Chicken pizza and Spinach Dip. Today, a slow Sunday, we had a problem with our pizza being too spicy (forgot to ask for no spicy ranch). Hubby called the store after we realized our mistake, and they made it right. Customer service - heck yes! The team took care of us and were friendly and professional from start to finish.Oh, and did you know they have gluten free crust and vegan cheese?!
4	I don't know if it's the atmosphere or what but I have been here like 10 times and have enjoyed myself every time. The pizzas are great too. The outside part of the bar is a great place to munch on some slices and check out a game. If you are looking for some tasty grub and cool vibes you should check it out!
5	We ate here yesterday after the movies and it was awesome. Jessica our waitress was amazing suggested the holy shitake pizza for me and it was yummy!! My husband had the house special and he was very happy too. We had eaten here when it first opened and got very bad service and food... but not any more, glad we gave them a second chance. Excellent service and plenty of leftovers for today....delish!
2	Me an my girlfriend have been here three times, the food is outstanding! But the service is some of the worst I have ever had, with tonight being the worst! We were greeted by Corey. This is his greeting to paying customers "wassup you wanna sit at the bar" we tell him no we'd like a table. He says "it's all the same service" I again say can we just sit at a table. He then asks me if I'm gonna need a server???? I'm thinking to myself "no I'm gonna get on the line an help the cooks prepare my food" I have never felt so unwelcome in a restaurant before. I couldn't help but feel bad for the owners an all the investors. I doubt that kid would still be around if they knew his attitude towards paying customers. I give this place two stars for the food, it would be five if it wasn't for Corey. Who ever is doing the hiring needs to stop looking for unmotivated weed heads to fit the whole psychedelic vibe an start looking for motivated friendly staff.
3	Recommend the bruschetta!  I come here on occasion because it's on my way home from work.  Sometimes I meet the family but usually just stop by for a drink.  The pizza is good but pricey.  The wings are not worth it (too small) but the meatballs and bruschetta are really good.  I like to go to MM when I travel because of the wide selection of local craft beer.  The beer selection is AWESOME.  Great servers and bartenders, too.  I've never had bad service here.  Would highly recommend for appetizers and drinks with friends.  Not so much for a big dinner...
3	Nothing fancy, $17 for a cheese pizza that is average .  beer tap list is impressive.  Not sure I would come back for food.  No real complaints just overpriced and unimpressive. . . give it an eahhh!
3	Went to Mello Mushroom on a groupon, we liked the setting, great atmosphere, server super friendly, service was great. We had the house special pizza, it tastes great, the reason for the 3 star is our crust was over cooked and impossible to cut, saw or tear. This one thing killed the experience for us. Maybe it was a one off, but fix the crust and it would have been 4+ stars for sure.
4	I got a large pepperoni pizza and it was very good the crust has like a brush of garlic or something on it I'm not sure but it was very tasty. Then I did get some wings hot wings and they weren't fabulous but they were good.  Another great thing about meMellow Mushroom is that it's open late so if you want pizza and it's 1015 and everything else is closed on a Sunday then you can actually go and get pizza from Mellow Mushroom.I didn't realize Mellow Mushroom is a bit club like at night so I probably will go back and possibly get some food and some drinks with my husband. They also don't close the kitchen until 1 AM which is just great!
5	Awesome spot for unique craft beers with an incredible happy hour half price on all appetizers and all liquor and draft beers. Plus Groupons that they except during happy hour plus an incredible staff friendly knowledgeable helpful and incredible bartenders such as Jenna must come and get some food and beers open late everyday till 2. Happy hour from 3 to 6 & 9 to close daily. Plus they have excellent wings and very good pizza with unique toppings.
5	Pizza is very good but the variety of beers is exceptional. If you don't love beer you will miss a lot. The appetizers are great and a wonderful unwind after work. Just relax and enjoy!
2	Ah, the Mellow Mushroom!  The only thing mellow at this restaurant is the attitude of the wait staff towards serving food.  I do love the pizza here and I'm a fan of their every-changing selection of craft beers, but after overlooking their horrible service during my last three visits, I overlook it after this last visit and won't be returning . . . at least not to this one.  First of all, if you want to be known for your beers, make sure your staff actually knows something about beer.  When my buddy found they didn't carry Stella, he asked for something Stella-like.  The waiter actually said, "well . . . we have light beer and some dark beers, what kind to you like?"  What part of Stella didn't he understand.  After a 'Dance of the Tards' between my friend and the waiter trying to get him to understand what Stella-like meant, we finally had to get the bartender over to answer our questions.  We walked in at exactly 5pm.  Didn't talk to our beer connoisseur waiter until his first visit to our table around 5:15.  The first beer didn't hit the table until almost 6.  We ordered apps and a pizza.  Between 6 and 6:30 I watched our waiter shoot the sh*t with the bar staff and never walk to a table.  Finally at 6:30, after the table that came in about 20 minutes behind us was already finishing their pie, I flagged down another waitress.  Our was still talking to the bar staff; probably planning their next World of Warcraft raid.  When he did return to our table, he actually told us he forgot to put in our order.  Well, no $#!* . . . you haven't left the bar in the last 30 minutes.  We asked for a manager.  Then asked again.  Then one more time.  As I write this days later I'm sure they are still looking for him.  We finally demanded from the bartender to have another waiter work our table.  Our request was honored.  We finally got our food, well at least our pizza.  The manager is probably in hiding with our apps.  Bills comes and we get charged for everything, including the apps we didn't get and a second beer we ordered but never saw.  We paid cash and gave the waiter a -$20 tip.  We thought that should cover the apps we didn't get as well as the discount we should have been offered by the non-existent manager we never saw for the piss-poor service.
3	The food here is good and this location seems to be improving with each moving van, dropping off new residents to the former bankrupt Desert Ridge North area. While real estate sales have gone from non-existent at this north Phoenix area, to white hot over the past twelve months. Go figure We love everything on the menu, including the appetizers like the soft pretzels, the meatballs (I'll return to this in a minute), their pizza selections are tasty and they also have an extensive beer list.  To top it off, their Happy Hour has most drinks marked 50% off!  So all good, right?  Well maybe. As we said, we like the Mellow Mushroom. But on our most recent visit, it was m'eh at best. The big negative for us was the afore mentioned meatballs. Sadly, they weren't even half cooked. The plate was ice cold, the marinara sauce was cold, meatballs(photo) were luke warm but pre-cooked, and the mozzarella inside was not melted and also cold. Ugh. I've decided to average out my rating to Three Stars, because we like the place and they normally do a nice job. So yes, we'll be back. But, they need to get their act together.
4	First time coming here and it was a Sunday night. It was a very chill place. Is just how it sounds. Very mellow. There beers have A GREAT HAPPY HOUR PRICE. just saying. The patio was nice. And the bar is inside outside. Which is very cool. The only I dint like. Was too much bright light outside. Kinda kept blinding me at some point. And it made it get hot but that's about it. Just move your seat if anything. Cool place, nice bartenders :)
4	Mellow Mushroom has some seriously good tasting Pizza Crust. Depending on when you go, the restaurant can be a bit noisy. Overall, I usually have a really nice time here. If you like Pesto, I highly recommend getting the Pesto swirl on your pizza. So good!
5	By FAR the best tap beer selection in Scottsdale.  Their pizza is amazing too. I effing love this place
1	I came here on Sunday with my boyfriend and 5 other friends. Things got off to a bad start when our waitress spilled coke down the front of my off-white dress and all over my leather purse. I was soaked. Even my underwear was soaked. Everyone at the table was shocked but I made sure to be nice and forgiving and for every apology that she gave I tried to make her feel okay about things. I got up and helped her sop up the mess (no other employees came to her rescue) and wipe up the floor (literally on my knees scooping ice and coke up with her) and she gave me a few dish rags to try to dry myself off. At the end of the meal she brought or checks, and she said our two sodas had been taken off the bill. We were all surprised more hadn't been done to make it right. Note: Our friends had all ordered pizzas/appetizers so between the 7 of us, it would be a good sized bill.  My boyfriend and I had ordered the two drinks and a large pizza. So with the sodas removed the bill came to $26. My boyfriend asked her if there was any chance half of the price of our pizza could be taken off the menu. It was uncomfortable but she said yes. When her manager, David, returned to the table he was totally abrasive. Without asking how our meal was or even coming near me to check on my dress or purse, David very hurriedly said to my boyfriend, "Hello sir, yeah, she told me about the drinks spilling and so we took them off of your bill for the inconvenience. We'll take 5 bucks off but that's all I can do." My boyfriend, affected by David's abrasiveness said "We were only asking if maybe half the pizza could be covered. I think that's bull****." And David said "Of course you do. Sorry folks." And walked away!  Our experience felt entirely unprofessional. I was disappointed that David hadn't even come to the table to check on us immediately after the accident or during our meal. And by the way, the pizza wasn't good. Terrible experience. My boyfriend was so fired up that he went home and emailed corporate. I did feel bad for our waitress, who was very apologetic and seemed just as disappointed in David's managing skills as we were.
5	The variety of beers continues to impress. Each pizza has had a crisp crust with excellent toppings. Happy hour choices are excellent and we've found the service consistently pleasant and competent.  Choose the meatballs for a great start.
5	We love Mellow, esp during happy hour! The pretzels and pizza are awesome! Karma if my fav. Like that we can bring our young kids, there's always lots of other families there. Wish they had HH on weekends too. The staff is always super friendly and very helpful.
4	Great selection of beers, although they run out quickly on the better ones. Our favorite bartender is Joe, he is always on top of his shit and is very friendly. We have been coming to this location for about a year now, and even when we move out of the area we will come back because of Joe.Food is mostly pizza and bar-type food, but they have some great appetizers, or munchies as they call them. The reverse happy hour doesn't start till 10 pm, but it offers half off munchies and beer, and maybe their hard alcohol too. Not sure how other locations are, as we have only been to this one and the Norterra one, but we will always head into one if we are in that area. Good place, great beers!
4	We like the Mellow Mushroom. Never had bad service there and the pizza is great. Good atmosphere and location.
5	Great service, great pizza, great beer and the outside couches are the cherry on top. Always love coming here to watch a game and have good convo with friends.
1	So,  Again I was told no by a restaurant.  Why is it so hard to make a pizza 1/4 cheese and rest something else. How can a hospitality establishment tell guess no when we are the ones that pay there bills. I have been a chef for 18yrs. Opened many restaurants and never told a guest no. I currently am the chef for an Asian restaurant and I have made shrimp scampi for a guest because they asked if I could... making guest happy is what this business is all about and no we can do that should not even be said to any guest unless you don't have the ingredients to do so or if your extremely busy then it's understanding. But something so simple..... really you can't do it or just wont.... well I guess I am not coming here again...
4	The pizza is awesome and most of the time you come in service is pretty awesome. I had a little snag the last trip where it looked like maybe the server was having an off day (but everyone does so no biggie). Overall really great pizza, prices are a little on the high side once you get drinks and appetizers but you get what you pay for. All the food is top notch.
4	This place has just about every beer you can think of for the great selection of good pizzas and salads.
5	My favorite pizza ever! It is fantastic and we never have a bad meal there or bad service. They are quick  and always so friendly.
4	Love the Shroom! The Mellow Mushroom (TMM) has 47 Draft beers on tap. I started w/ the Rubicon Monkey Knife Fight Pale Ale (5.4% ABV, a mild 27 IBU). Due to location, this one has an elongated layout, which is a bit weird, but breaks up the noise and offers a bit more privacy. Also, par for the course in this locale. I'm Lactose Intolerant, one of the reasons I like TMM - their pizzas are still delicious w/o cheese :~)  Got the Maui Wowie Pizza, no cheese, extra pesto/olive oil. Solid!  It's a twist on the traditional Hawaiian Pizza, of which I'm a fan. The crust was just right - well cooked yet a bit chewy - & the applewood smoked bacon and banana peppers were star attractions!
