4	Great residence just off the strip.  I went here to see a friend. The security is great and the facility has beautiful features - high end by most people's standards.  The views are magnificent.  I heard it was only about 30% occupied but that probably means great deals.  If I lived in Vegas, I would want to be here.  I also heard monthly dues are about $500 a month??
5	Moved in a few months ago and I still love it
5	I've lived here for about a week and am happy as a clam!  I moved to LV from the LA area and am SO happy we decided to live not only on the strip, but at Turnberry West.  The front desk and security staff are SUPER nice, the gym is awesome, and the pool rocks my world.  Love.
1	I'm absolutely disgusted, blatant disregard for tenants' well-being. The management here needs to wake up and smell the roses!
1	WORST PLACE EVER! -- I can honestly say that out of all the apartment buildings I've lived in around the world Turnberry has hands down the worst management ever. They have no regard for their tenants well being -- they're completely disrespectful. Their pool has been inoperable for over 6 months and they have failed to fix it. They are completely unwilling to attend to the requests of their tenants...and in multiple cases they have been extremely rude to my guests. I encourage people to seek other living accommodations...I don't trust this organization and you shouldn't either.
1	The apartments are nice and location is good, but it's the details that make it unlivable. Turnberry is the pinnacle of over promising and under delivering. The pool has been inoperable ie ZERO WATER IN IT...for the better part of a year. The disgusting stench of cigarette smoke in the hallways is reminiscent of the cloth seats in a smoker's 84' Chevrolet Celebrity - once a popular car, now a relic of what was wrong with the automotive industry.Management has perfected not giving a shit about tenants once the lease is signed. Avoid getting caught in the Turnberry grip. Once they have you, they'll quite literally maximize your misery for the duration of your lease. Good riddance.
1	Such a wonderful property, but it's a shame what incompetent management can do. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!! Tenant requests are met with complete and utter disrespect. The putrid smell by the elevators had me so disgusted that I packed up and left after 2 weeks....in case you missed it earlier....AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
1	Save yourself the time, headache, and money and AVOID this place. Outside the service department (Valet, desk representatives and cleaners) which were the really only bright star in a black abyss, everything else was a DISASTER! At first they'll make you feel great about moving in. The initial tour was enjoyable, they even point out the great gym and amenities and make you feel good. After you move in, they will try at all cost to nickel and dime you around every corner. I felt like the management team would make up a new excuse for any situation. LIES are what they are best at. attention management: I know what mold looks like...don't treat me like I was born yesterday. their explanation was "its a little water build up" WOW really?!I wouldn't be surprised if they had asbestos growing in the building. Read the fine print before signing the lease agreement! SERIOUS HEALTH ISSUES are outlined Needed to move out immediately because of health reasons caused by living here. Doctors have agreed. My life was more important than staying here another day.
5	Amazing building. I lived there for almost 2 years and loved the service and the building. I was in the east Tower and thought Tony Rector was one if the best HOA presidents. He did a lot to keep the buildings luxury status while other buildings had some issues over the year. The pool is amazing with waterfalls and a beach area. Gym is first class. I did enjoy my time there and would highly recommend it.
5	I moved to Turnberry (West Tower) in February. I LOVE This place, and I never want to leave. The valet, front desk/concierge, security, leasing office,  maintenance, to the weekly flower arrangements in the lobby...This building is first class all the way.
5	Great place to live! I have to move to Vegas for a work assignment and lived here for a year and I loved it... Great amenities, clean, safe, central location to everything at a fair price. I'd highly recommend this building to anyone looking for an apartment in Las Vegas!
1	Poor communication from the management. They are quick to remind you of your rent due but when it comes to notifying you of the construction schedule, they do not notify you ahead of time. For the last 2 weeks, there has been jackhammering and pounding noises above me. I work from home and was conducting a teleconference meeting one day when suddenly, loud drilling, pounding, jackhammering noises started to go off above me. Not to mention, my dog started to shiver of fear from all of the construction noises. I have been sending emails to the management office requesting to notify me ahead of time so that I can make arrangements to take myself, my laptop, and my dog to a more quiet area. Nancy, the manager, stated on her first reply of 5 emails I have sent thus far within the last 2 weeks, stated that the construction will only last for a day. Lies! It has been ongoing off and on for 2 weeks now. Also, the pool is still under construction. I moved here in June. No pool!  It is now almost Winter time!  I've only been here for 4 months and I can't wait to move out.  They make you read hundreds of pages of HOA rules, but it's ok for them to violate the noise agreement towards you as a tenant. Had I known I'll get this type of treatment from the management, I would have just moved to a cheap apartment.
4	Great clean apartment building. I loved living here! Pro:Stunning viewsFriendly staffClean gymCon:The pool took forever to get fixed
2	First, I should start this second review by saying that I made a review shortly after I moved in with 5 stars. I'm not one to be negative or point fingers - but my experience over the last few months has been less than 5 stars.First, over payment of rent. I take responsibility for paying "double" rent for 4 months. Yeah , 4 months. My mother fell ill in June and passed away in July. I suppose I was wanted to be sure I paid,due to personal issues in my life. Turnberry never asked me to refund my payments, nor offered any compensation / interest on the $8,000 rent they had. This continued on and I finally asked them to refund my rent, which was like pulling teeth - it took weeks for them to do this, but I finally was able to get 2 months rent back. Loosing a parent and taking care of my 86 year old father was and still is the most difficult thing I've had to deal with. No compassion by the bean counters at Turnberry.I've been asking about renewing my lease / increase since November. I was told Dec 15 I would have info. That never happened and I eventually was told I would have a 10% increase on a month to month and a huge increase in a lease. This makes zero sense to me!Since Oct I have a new nieghbor. She decides to move furniture or "bowl" between 10pm and 4am every evening. I am also privileged to hear arguments with her boyfriend for hours as she clicks across the apartment in her high heels, in addition to hearing her poor dog crying - my guess is she leaves the poor little dog outside in 40 degree weather because she's to busy moving furniture or arguing with her boyfriend. I lost it the other night and screamed off the balcony and asked her to please respect me downstairs and not move furniture at 10-11pm. I'm pretty patient since this has been a 3 month on going situation. Who moves furniture in the middle of the night, every night? It's wrong!!!!!Today I went to speak to management about my lease , increase and address the 10pm-5am furniture mover and aminal abuser. They were "sorry" but couldn't address  my issues because management is changing and the new person won't be back until next week. In addition, my rent is going up about $400 to be comparable to "market" value. Market value us not $2500-$2700 a month for a 2 bedroom apt! Sadly if I do a month to month my rent increases 10%.I love everyone that works here; security, front desk, valet, service folks... But Managment is a mess, the condo association is a mess and each one points fingers at one another.
