5	I called to have a dying battery changed and they told me to come over and get it done inside of an hour!  When I got there, they took me right in and it took only about 20 min total to get the job done and pay,What's great about this place is that Steve, the owner, is there almost all the time making sure things are going right.  And...the three main service techs have all been there more than 7 years working on the same peoples cars and know all of the owners.  This place is not the least expensive, but if you are looking for a place you can trust with your car, this is it!  I am so tired of car repair places that have all kinds of things you need to fix with your car when you bring it in--all to pad their sales and commissions.  19th Ave is NOT one of those places!Rob A.
5	Just got my car back from an oil change, tire rotation and brake inspection.  All told, it was half the cost of going to Jiffy Lube.  The service was wonderfully professional; nobody tried to upsell me on any unnecessary services.  I know this seems silly to add, but the waiting area was also clean, cool, and comfortable.  I couldn't ask for anything more out of a mechanic!
5	I had some overheating issues and my temperature gauge kept on fluctuating between overheating back to normal. I took it to Midas originally and they said they couldn't find anything wrong with it. After taking it hear, I got multiple services done, including a timing belt kit replacement, and an oil change and my car is running better than before and no more temp gauge issues. I always think that mechanics will mess with the car more but not this place. They fix the problem and you are good to go!
5	This place was formerly Midas, and earlier this year, they dropped the Midas franchise and went independent. It's under the same management, and Russ (manager) has always been great. I've been coming here for many many years (probably 7+ years), with about 4 vehicles, and they've been nothing but great. They're very honest with things and don't try to upsell me things I don't need, and that's a big deal for me because I don't know much about cars. I just know the folks here are honest because they don't recommend things that my auto dealership insists that I do already. Good people here!
5	The owner, Steve, has been servicing our vehicles for 20+ years. You won't find a more honest mechanic. From management to the techs, they are all professional and polite. They never try to push extras or unnecessary work. However, if they tell you something needs to be done, don't mess around...do it! They know what they are talking about! Support local business and take your vehicle this trustworthy shop. You won't be disappointed.
5	I know next to nothing about cars and car repair so my husband handles these matters, but I do tag along in the hopes of learning a thing or two. The a/c in my car worked fine last summer, but suddenly stopped. We met with Russ who was friendly and welcoming. He called us a few hours later to explain the problem and the cost. When we returned to pick up the car he showed us the piece that was worn away and causing the lack of cool air. This place is honest and we will return in the future.
5	Got an oil change, it was fairly priced and done quickly.  Employees were polite and helpful.  They noticed one of my brake lights were out, and helped me resolve the issue in the least expensive way possible.  If I'm near glendale again, this is my go to garage if I have any other problems.
