3	A hispanic woman with a minimal command of the English language was running the place when I stopped in, and I thought to myself how strange for a latina to be running an Italian Market. Then I noticed the tip jar. At a sandwich shop. I get so tired of seeing that. I'd have rated this place 5 stars if not for that. This place specializes in Boar's Head meats, and making sandwiches a'la Quiznos with them, but you must ASK for the Boar's Head meat otherwise you get some generic meat. Heck I'd have rated this place 1 star, but it takes guts to open a restaurant in this neighborhood in these tough economic times. The sandwich was, well, no different than I can make at home for around eight bucks. They also had large deli pickles for a buck, potato salad for four bucks a pound, etc. You get the idea. There are tables to eat your lunch if you decide to stick around.About the only thing that I notice makes this place an Italian Market is the olive oil prominantly featured in front of the store.  Well, ok. They laughed at Jobs and Wozniak when they named their computer after a fruit.I honestly hope this business succeeds. This neighborhood could use a successful sandwich shop.  Oh wait. There's that Quiznos around the corner at Rancho and Charleston, and is that Jimmy Johns still in business at Decatur and Sahara? Charleston and Decatur has a Quiznos, right?  And then there's that sandwich shop in that business park next to that bank....Anyway, I really hope this one stays in business.P.S. Scott, yer slakkin! How did I beat you to this review?
1	My wife is Italian and we just moved here in Nov., so I've been looking for ANYPLACE to find some good Italian food. This is NOT the place. Beside the fact it was NOT very clean (check the bathroom), they simply offer a lousy product. On top of it, you might want to start by hiring at least ONE person who can communicate in ENGLISH (although Italian might be nice).The next is hiring people who know the deli business. The onlyperson who spoke English had to explain to one of the workers how to put peppers and onions on a meatball grinder. (?) Avoid at all costs.
1	OH MY! What a shocker this place was! I couldn't wait to try Vinny Boys. I have been dying for Italian food since I left home! You will not find good italian food here. STAY CLEAR of this place. The bathroom was so disgusting everything was so old and dirty. Everyone spoke SPANISH!Where and how can they call this place an Italian Deli. I ordered a meatball grinder and the bread was so stale it fell apart. I couldn't even eat it. My husband said his wasn't that bad. I couldn't wait to get out of there. She showed me her pasta fagioli soup. It wasn't even in a tomato based broth!This place was a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!
5	I live in LA and visit Vegas quite often, a friend told me to check out this place (since they know I love Italian food) I went in for lunch and had an Italian sandwich on Ciabatta bread.  The bread was so fresh, it was packed with meat and unbelievably I couldn't eat it all at once. The store had so much imported stuff from Italy (none of the writing on the packages was in English ha) including such exotics as black ink (from a squid) pasta. I highly recommend Vinny-Boy's for their awesome Italian sandwich, the owner was so nice and friendly (an Italian man...to the contrary of the two reviews by E.M. & Mary M) and also for their great selection of products from pastas, sauces, cheeses, peppers, etc.
3	Solid. If your in the neighborhood & looking for a non chain sandwich shop worth a taste. Hispanic lady making sandwiches was very polite.
3	Yelping for a local non-casino Italian place brought me here. I ordered the spaghetti and it was just OK.  Good flavor, plenty of it, but nothing special.  If I was in the neighborhood, I'd go there again, but would not go out of my way to get there.
3	While it doesn't serve genuine Italian cuisine, Vinny Boy's is a good deli with great sandwiches.
2	Stopped in today for lunch after learning Taqueria Los Parados has closed. We tried the Italian sub with pasta salad and the eggplant parm with garlic knots.Eh! I make a better sandwich at home. Plus, the bread was soggy from too much oil and vinegar. The eggplant was tough and the sauce was very acidic. Pretty disappointing. I'll stick with Siena Deli on West Sahara for my Italian deli fix.
3	My husband and I located Vinny-Boy's by our local Entertainment Book, which had a $7.00 off coupon inside.As we walked in the front door Vinny the owner was talking with some "regulars" it seemed. He was very friendly and showed us some of his specialty items he carried in his store. He was then called away when a delivery truck arrived.My husband and I both decided on the Itialian beef sub. They were average in taste.  We had to ask the server (hispanic lady) for our soda's and we never did recieve our fries.Over all it's a nice local place, but will only return if we get another coupon.
1	The person who stated this is not a 'true" Italian deli was correct. I was a bit confused walking in and being confronted with 2 Hispanics who were totally clueless about anything Italian as it turns out. The "over sized" sandwiches are anything but....and at about $8 a pop. Oh, and thanks for the cook who cleverly hiding the burned sides of both sandwiches on the bottom, you really tricked me on that one, why I didn't discover it until I got home. What I ended up getting for my $19 was 2 crappy sandwiches, no pickle or any sort of garnish, no sour kraut on the Ruben (which my not be considered Italian...but they ARE on the menu), and burned toast on one side. They proudly serve Boarshead meats here, which to me is serving marginal product. I made it obvious I was there for the first time, this apparently meant nothing to them. The odd thing was, no one else was even in the deli, they were not in the least busy. You'd think since they had all the time in the world to do a decent job, they would give some semblance of caring.
2	This place has so much potential. However they don't have much for a so-called market. What they do have is 3 small rows of Italian foods that may be hard to find at an American market. As far as deli they were pretty low on everything. It seemed empty almost like it was about to close. 2 sandwiches and 2 sparkling waters $18. A little steep! I really wanted Mortadella, a Italian staple and they were out. :(
1	I went in for Italian meats and cookies around noon and there was hardly anything in the whole place! No pastries, very few meats, and nasty looking cookies. Uhhh no thanks, sorry I drove all that way for nothing.
1	closed
