3	Very friendly, nice and knowledgeable staff, always well stocked with supplies. The lines can be long at times, particularly just before closing and around the lunch hour. A large number of post boxes and the area is well lit enough if security is a concern. It's also right across from the Archdale Lynx station, which may be a convenience for some.This post office has "regular" hours. Monday to Friday, 8AM to 5 PM and Saturday 9:00 to 2:30. That wouldn't be a major problem if they had one of those automated postal machines, but THEY DO NOT! There's a vending machine with stamps and that's it. Kind of useless if you don't know how much your package will cost or how much it weighs or if you're trying to use a credit/debit card.I think that at 3.5 miles from my home, the location is a bit far away from me to be my official post office. But that's what the PO people decided.
3	Just off of South Boulevard, this post office does the job! I was skeptical that I would make it out in a timely fashion since I walked in around lunchtime and there were already 5 people ahead of me. However, the employees were really friendly and got everyone through pretty quickly. It seemed the employees liked what they were doing and I could tell they liked working with one another...that makes for a pleasant experience.  It was clean, they have the typical supplies, and they take credit cards. Another errand to check off my list!
3	Hands down the slowest most miserable p.o. I've ever been to. 30 ppl in line? One employee working at a disgruntled snails pace while 2 others walk around.I actually live 2 seconds around the corner and I would drive all the way out to the airport location to ship something just to avoid this place.
3	I mean, it's a post office. Yes, the line is always going to be long. And yes, the staff is hit or miss with customer service but I actually don't mind coming here. I love that they are open until 2:30pm on Saturdays and there is plenty of parking. During my last visit I joked around with the staff and was in and out with no wait. It was very easy and painless...perhaps I now know the secret day and time to go and how to avoid the madness and long lines. Woot! I do wish they had a 24 hour drop box but I guess you can't get everything.
5	For the neighborhood they're in this post office does an awesome job at what they do. The clerks are friendly and efficient and the facility always gets cleaned so there are a few days each week when you can smell the cleaning crew has been there !
3	It's still a nice post office and every time I'm here, the counter clerks are friendly and polite. Even when the customer doesn't speak English and barely understands pointing (over there, to the Priority Mail supplies!), they get the job done.I think maybe this facility is seeing some age. It just feels a little dimmer and a little dirtier each time I come here. On the plus side, I don't have to come here too often since most grocery stores sell regular stamps.What I have noticed lately is that the constant foot traffic here means that there can usually be found someone begging for money, whether it's the "I just ran out of gas" ploy or the "Help a veteran" one. I don't like being approached by strangers, especially at a post office.
