3	This is probably one of the better hookah bars in Pittsburgh. I would give it 3 1/2 if i could.The DJ is great and usually places pretty great tunes. The gyro stand outside the place is quite amazing. That being said, the place gets very crowded so trying to find a seat is usually an issue.The hookahs are a little overpriced as all of the hookah places in pittsburgh are and the the environment is a little more 'clubby' than 'chill' which I am not sure is a good or a bad thing. The place opens till late so if after a night of drinking you aren't done with hanging out yet, you can stop by enjoy a few hookah puffs with your friends.
5	Definitely the best hookah bar in PGH. I've never been here for the belly dancing or the DJ on the weekends, but I enjoy making the trip midweek to hang out for a few hours. It's got more energy to it without being overwhelming.The BYOB is also clutch and since there's a store right next door that stays open kinda late, it's a one-stop trip. Looks like they're also opening up an eatery too, so soon it will have literally everything you need to enjoy an evening out.
4	It is very easy to find. I came on a monday night and the place wasn't to busy. It has a nice relaxed vibe to it. There is a decent selection of tabacco. Mostly Starbuzz and Al Faker. The staff was very friendly and even made some great suggestions for flavors. Only $5 to try a different flavor after the initial price. Free wifi and its pretty clean.The only down side would be the seating. The seats aren't really that comfortable when compared to other Hookah bars that I have been to. Also it was a little warm in the store. So that is my reason for 4 stars today.
5	First time in PA, Pittsburgh. Came in to relax... awesome place. Awesome customer service... friendly crowd... booom hookah... flavor lasted for ever... we left and the flavor was still good... over all loved it... and the leather comfy coaches was perfect...-id only turn up the music louder....
4	Pretty good and chill. Was kinda in a sketchy neighborhood, but you felt safe inside. The people are nice enough, but not rude. They play lots a rap, but not too loud. Lots of Arabs in there, but it's all good.
2	I suppose if this is your thing... First impressions, location is quite poor. Best thing in area is Hispanic grocery and goods store across the street. Locale itself is pretty beat. Go here only if you absolutely must. Dark (at night), music is good if Chris is spinning the tunes. But the environment itself is really lackluster. The place lacks what people would consider "character." I have to give it a low rating overall.
