3	Tried out this new local Chinese eatery that just opened in the Food4Less center. They had been sending out promotional advertising in the local mail with their menu and being a lazy hot 100+ degree Saturday-day, decided to give them a try. Ordered 4 things for the family. Mongolian Beef was about as good as I have had in Las Vegas (but extremely hot with firecracker peppers) and the beef was very tender and easy to eat. Also got an order of Combination Kung Pao, which also was very good, with lots of shrimp. Appetizer platter was very good and so where the pot stickers and chicken won ton balls. The only drawbacks (for me) were the pot stickers are fried instead of steamed (but still delicious) and the firecracker peppers (will remember to order it without them next time). Service was quick & prompt, and food arrived extremely quick. Overall = A- . The flyer says they deliver locally and have lunch & dinner "packages" to fit your style. I definitely pray their food quality does not decline once they get into a standard swing of things, but for now will definitely go back & I do recommend.
5	China Gourmet has quickly become my go-to fast food Chinese eatery.  It's conveniently located down the street from my house and next to Food 4 Less so I can go and grab a few groceries on the way home as well.  I came here on a whim one day because I saw one of their fliers in between all the other junk mail and ads.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and the quick service!  Granted, the first time I visited was the same week that they opened so it wasn't too busy and they managed to hook about one or two other people to try their food while I was there but I tend to believe it's still somewhat of a secret.  The first time here I opted for the Black Bean Shrimp plate and it was actually pretty killer (better than most of the Chinese eats in my area but I dare not mention any names haha).  The second time around I ordered the Salt and Pepper Shrimp and was appeased again.  Both times my food came with Egg Drop Soup, Wonton Crackers, and a couple of Egg Rolls.  Plus, they give you a whole plate (yes a whole regular sized plate) of just rice!  So awesome!  I left both times happy and full.  The price was actually pretty good as well and they also offer lunch specials for the run-and-go cheap eats peeps out there.  I will definitely come back to visit again and I hope the quality of the food doesn't diminish in the future and end up another one of those "fast food" joints that fade into the background.Yum!  See ya soon, China Gourmet!
5	Best Chinese food in town...
3	I have since been back 4 times, all 4 times have been delicious. Mongolian Beef without the peppers have been my fav, but the Ginger Beef is a close second. The family loves the Honey Walnut Shrimp and the Salt & Pepper Shrimp, Singapore Noodles. And we all LOVE the Paper Wrapped Chicken, yum yum yum. About the only thing we tried that we didn't care for was the Lemon Chicken. Buyer beware, if a menu item says its a HOT dish (pepperwise) bring a fire extinguisher. Oh and the delivery is LIGHTNING QUICK. If your hungry, you'll be eating soon. Guy on the phone always says about 30 minutes, but both delivery times the food was here piping hot in 10.
3	Garlic chicken is way too sweet for my taste. Hong Kong style noodles was slot better than the chicken. Price is right.Went back a two weeks later for lunch specials and was not disappointed. Lunch specials are awesome. NOthing more than $6.  I had the General Tso's chicken. Right amount of spice with red chili peppers and slices of jalapeno.  Lots of chicken and noodles on the side were really tasty.  My wife had the shrimp with snow peas,  Lots of snow peas and the shrimp were plentiful and succulent.  Fried rice was non-descript.
1	Way cheap on the meat.  Combination Chowmein had 2 shrimps and 2 small pieces of beef.  No veggies, no pork, no chicken.  Just noodles.  Called back and the restaurant operators didn't care at all.
5	Excellent food. Very fresh. I really liked the Sweet and Sour Pork. We have been looking for a really good Chinese take out. Prices good too.
2	Their meat quality has seriously deteriorated over the months and now is gritty and overly chewy most times. They are having quality control issues as of late, you order one thing and they bring you something else, while special orders throws them for a loop. Some days this place is great, some days it good, some days its not. Buyer beware I guess, its the luck of the draw. 2.75 stars. Got to maintain their quality.
4	This place is really great. I wish it was in my neighborhood. I found it on yelp on my way out of las Vegas.Thanks Yelp for once again helping me to find a great place to eat anywhere.This place is not fancy but it is  clean and you can bring the family. Take out is the best.The style here is Hong Kong food. Everything was rich and flavorful.I can tell that it is a family run place. The kids do the front and wait service. The older folks do the cooking in back.The place is open so you can see the entire process.I promise you will not be sorry.
4	I've order this place a few times always as take or delivery, never dined in. The few times I did pick up my order the place was well kept and on the smaller side, but nice. I had my lunch break coming up this past Monday plus the place is near so Chinese it was! Every time I had delivery the food came faster than the quoted arrival time, huge plus! Not really something I would count on every time but you can be sure they will be on time or earlier. This time around I ordered their lunch special which runs from 11am to 4pm. It's your choice of entree with fried rice and chow mien on the side. For the entree I had sweet and sour pork. The entire meal was good. I like that the sweet and sour sauce is served in a styrofoam side container, rather than already being mix before serving. Most the time I don't order this because it could come with too much sauce. I only used a little sauce and it made me have some control of my meal, win. The pork came fried and was still crunchy and hot after delivery. I'm going to order again, it's just a matter of time.
4	I've eaten at this place almost once a week since it has opened.   Everything I've eaten has been of good quality, cooked properly, decent portions, reasonable prices and the service has been very accomodating.  I have been given free extras at times, ordered extra sauce when I've carried out at a fair price.  Delivery to my home has always been fast and the food always has arrived hot.  The place has 4 booths and 4 tables and at times are crowded but I've always found a seat.  The food is excellent  and is better than any resturant I've eaten at.  I love the Garlic Chicken and the sauce they serve with it.  It is a sweet and spicy sauce but I always get 2 extra containers of Chili Sauce as I like it even hotter.  If you want excellent food at very reasonable prices,  give this place a try, you won't regret it.
4	This tiny spot is quality, clean and easily tops the nellis avenue China a go go(which has the worst quality of any go go i've ever been to). I tried the orange chicken and loved it. I also sampled a friend's pepper steak-awesome. My orange chicken was the best I'd had in over a year(as chinese food in vegas is so often horrible) besides true $$$ gourmet chinese @ the encore.Best of all: this location has 7-11--style icees. I think I also recall seeing boba tea. I'll be back...
5	I've been going to China gourmet since it opened on March,2011.and It is great. I have NEVER experienced either bad service or bad food either the delivery order or inside the restaurant. This is one of the better Chinese restaurants in the area. If you eat in, the service is great, food is ready quickly and is always fresh and tasty. Their pot stickers  are some of the best I've found in the area (and I eat Chinese food a lot), and the Orange Chicken & General Tso's Chicken are delicious. The Mongolian beef is another one of my favorites, and when you order this dish, you get enough food for at least 2  meals.If you like Chinese food and haven't been to China gourmet,, it's definitely worth checking out. You won't be disappointed.
5	I am a person who like the seafood, Salt &pepper calamarihoney walnut shrimp are my favorite. My husband sticks to the basics, General Tso's chicken, crab Rangoon, and house fried rice.:p Everything is always delicious. But this is not why we love dining here.Every time we take our two-year old daughter to dine in the restaurant,The servers are polite and always bring the high chair in time,they always smiling at my baby.At the end of your meal, they always say thank u and carefully packed my left-over food for Togo.those details make me comfortable to stay there more than the food itself.And honestly the food is better than any other ones near this area(I've been to try once in china a go go and that was terrible:()Anyway,,We love, love, love it here. lovely food, lovely chef and lovely service.And the prices are unbeatable. Every time I see my check is less than 20 bucks, I feel like I've stolen from them, like, with prices this low, how can they still be in business? With the lunch specials, you also get soup. I believe the hot n' sour soup is the best cause even my little girl she wanna eat more.
4	This is one of the few places I will miss once I move off the east side. I'm so happy they opened right across the street from Panda Express too, show those orange chicken cooking Mexicans what's good!  Fresh must be my word of the day because that's what this place is! Lets just get to the point!THE PROS:Great food, cooked to order. A few random Chinese specialties that you don't see at all typical take out places. No MSG. Good prices including lunch and family specials. (Take that Panda!) Sweet people (they called me princess Di, aww) THE CONS: The locationAnd the sweet people, don't understand much English. I drove all the way home, you know across the street, because I was $2 short. Only to find out once I returned it was simply a miss-communication and my bill was $27 not $37. Either way when the lady counted out $35, she should have not let me leave. They were very apologetic. The food indeed made up for it. I recommend the Hot Garlic chicken. My boyfriends fav was the Mongolian beef.
5	This is the go-to place for my boyfriend and I. It's located just down the street from us, so it's very convenient to get to. The place is kind of small, but that makes it seem cozy. It's clean, we get our food fast, and the workers are attentive to our needs. We always order the family dinners. The portions are huge, so we always end up taking stuff home, but it's just as good the next day and the price is reasonable. Love that I can see the kitchen and that the food is always hot and fresh. Definitely the best Chinese place in town that I've been to and I recommend!
4	So I was craving Mu Shu Pork today and my old go-to for it is out of business.  A quick search on Yelp offered up this place.  I called ahead to place my order and was told it would be ready in 5 minutes!  Wow... I was expecting 15-20 minutes!  When I got there, the place was clean and the staff was friendly and attentive.  Now I love Mu Shu Pork, and while not the absolute best I've had (at far more expensive places), this wasn't too far off!  For $8.25 the order came with a large carton of Mu Shu Pork, a large carton of steamed rice, four wraps, and the coveted Plum Sauce.  I ate two stuffed wraps with some rice on the side, stuffed the last two wraps for later, and still had slightly under 1/2 carton of Mu Shu and a ton of rice left.  For $8.92 with tax, you can easily feed 2-3 people delicious Mu Shu Pork - try doing that at Panda... Oh wait, that's slightly more than a single combo plate at Panda... plus, they don't even have Mu Shu!
5	This is one of the best places in Vegas!This was our first time ordering from them. We were very impressed with our order. The food came hot and freshly made. It was great!! The veggies were fresh and the meat was very tender and juicy. I recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants low cholesterol, no MSG food!! The food is really delicious and you will not be disappointed!!!
5	THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST CHINESE RESTAURANT!The service was great, the food was excelent! the restaurant is small but so nice and clean.And they do DELIVERY!I Had the walnut shrimp and wonton, it was delicious. the shrimp are fresh and the wonton was crispy outside but juicy inside.I come here a lot and I DEFINETLY come again and again!!
5	Always has  warm food and  they always have good customer service . The bathrooms are clean .  I've never had a problem with any of its employees . They always tell me about discounts ;)
3	ate here a couple times enjoyed the combo rice each time the salt and pepper chicken wings go crazy i must say but i do not like how they cook they're sweet and sour chicken by the photo its cooked in the sauce but when u actually get it the sauce is on the side definitely not a big fan of this method . must say i will most likely be back being that theyre in my proximity
5	This place is great they serve more than enough food it taste great especially for its cheap lunch specials can't go wrong definitely beats china a go go
5	Best Chinese food I've found out of Chinatown. Crab Rangoon and the garlic chicken are the best I've had in Vegas!
4	This place was very good. The honey walnut shrimp was very good. Everything was cooked to perfection. The boba was amazing. I think I found a new fav.
4	it sucks because I really want to give this place a five star.  They are clean and friendly and that is a major plus.  But the food has been OK I am writing this review after three deliveries.1. OrderWontons:  Awesome!Cheese Ragoons:  Pretty good.Egg Rolls:  Not a fan and one more try.Cashew Chicken: Great!Sesame Chicken:  Not good when you took a bite you could really taste the flour and you could feel the flour texture in your mouth.  Wont get it again Rice:  Great.2.  Order Family Deal B:Egg Drop Soup:  Mike thought it was good... I am not much of a fan of any kind so I reserve judgement.Egg Rolls:  2 nd time no goodWontons:  AwesomeRagoons:  GreatCashew Chicken:  GreatSweet & Sour Chicken:  Awesome! I like the fact they keep the sauce off till after delivery.Rice:  Good but we were short an order.3.  Three Entree OrderWontons:  Free and delicious Chow Main:  Seemed a lot like lomein and never thought I would say this but they for sure do not use MSG and you can tell in this dish.  It was just missing a little bit of that butterness that you get with MSG.  But it was OK had worse had better probably wont order again.Sweet & Sour Chicken:  Awesome our number one dishOrange Chicken:  Same exact issue we had with the Sesame chicken.  Could really taste that flour and felt the flour texture.We are OK with experimenting with more the prices are not bad and so it is OK at least one dish is always good to eat.
4	This is good quality, pleasing tasting Chinese-American food. Good portions, their lunch special is a bargain and they are always pleasant. What more could you ask of a neighborhood place. Fast delivery too. Price fair, clean.
2	Great service and tastes good.. But boyfriend and I got food poisoning after we got home...so not eating here again.
3	It's ok here not much of a great fan but cheap I guess when your hungry I doesn't matter lol
5	Yum yum yum! The food was delicious and they give such large portions we'll be able to enjoy it again tomorrow! We ordered the egg corn flower soup, egg rolls, chicken chow mien and sweet and sour chick - it was all fabulous! Ordered over the phone for pick-up and it was ready in 5 minute!
