5	I don't think this McD has ever been remodeled. Other than a badass painting of the McKingdom, there was another thing hanging on the wall which was pretty much a quilt with like cactus (cacti) sewn in to it and there was another case that had a bunch of old pins and buttons and I don't think there was a pin that was made later than 1982 or something. One was for "McDonalds Pizza"This thing (the painting) was pretty badass though, that's why I took the pic. It's like 10' x 6'. I think it was dated 1979. Which makes sense considering that Mayor McCheese is there and the McKingdom is there tooI swear that place has been forgotten in time. Not only did it have the vintage artwork but the soda fountain was probably from the 80's as well because the ice machine and sodas were completely separate machines and there was a pay phone outside but it wasn't right outside the store, it was across the parking lot kind of in the bushes and had some weird phone company that I never heard of on it. Plus it had an electronic sliding door on the main entrance and the "Play Place" was outdoors and even had a sing that said "Please Do Not Feed The Birds". Such a weird place. It's cool because it reminds of the way McDonald's was when I was a kid but it's scary because it's not intentionally retro, it just never changed...It's quite the experience. It's like the "Classic" McDonald's on Flamingo .....but a different kind of classic.
3	OMG you ran out of ice cream too. WTH is going on?? I now that this is the desert and everything but wouldn't that give you even more reason to have ice cream. WTH. Food time here with friends was interesting. We looked outside to check on our car to find that there were a pair of employees making out behind our ride. Hmm. Ok. I guess you are on a break?? Anyways, the food is fine. The prices are a lil more than back home in LA. They have the double filet of fish though. So, that's cool. The hubby bought a disgustingly huge meal here for $21. Of course, we all shared. Had we not, I think he'd still be in food heaven. LOL. The restooms here are nice and clean. That's because you need to be let in to be able to use them. They dont give out tokens or anything. You actally have to be buzzed in. What the hay?! But you know, do what you must to keep it clean. The painting on the wall was awesome. I like that you can check out the old school pins that Mc D's used to have. It's in a glass case next to the soda fountain. Chill, and not too crowded. Gets the job done.
3	I used to go to this one a lot (when fast food was a regular staple in my diet, in my 20's, when my metabolism was faster, and when exercise was not such a priority)- this is one of the older ones in town. Recently, we went through the Drive-Thru window for some fruit smoothies. There were a couple cars in front of us. Clear mike, speedy checkout, nice girls, the correct order, and great-tasting smoothies. We only go to McD's for a few things (parfait, cone, and sometimes the breakfast sandwich) and even then, it's pretty sporadic- maybe a few times a year, because of the lifestyle changes we made since maintaining our weight.
2	I think that the preparation was a tad lacking. I used to work at a Mc D's when I was in high school. It was the perfect job for a kid.  Anyway, my filet was lopsided. It was half way off the bun and my cheese was melted three quarters off the fish. The tartar was every where and my fries were all mushy. I can't expect much from a Mc D's but goodness. There are some interesting folks who come in and out of here. THe awesome thing was that wall of the original Ronald Mc Donald and his lil side kicks. That was cool.
4	Employees here really take pride in their restaurant.  They made sure the dining area was clean and their napkins and ketchup station was stocked up and clean.  Well organized restaurant.  Great job!
1	Upon my last visit ewww all I can say is ewwwwThese people at this location oh lord baby honey child they just give you cold fries. And old stale chicken nuggets they was hard like little rocks. The soda was missing soda or something it was sour. I wont ever go back to this location.. it smells funny and they looked all shocked when I asked for my money back. The outside of the bag was all wet and sticky ewwww! Thank goodness I carry hand sanitizer.
4	When you need a fast bite (breakfast, lunch, or dinner) so you can hit the road, this McDonald's is right off the 15 fwy on Charleston in the downtown area. It is clean, no bad people, and a fast drive thru. I gamble but not when it comes to fast and friendly McDonald's service. That is I like this one here.
4	This is my first time at this location and it was only through the drive thru. But tho the line was long I got through the line with in 15 min. The staff from taking my order to giving me my order was very nice. My order was CORRECT!!! That is a gold star in my book :)
2	I was not impressed with my visit this time to this location. Suprisingly it was by someone who is a shift manager who was working the window. How can you take my order over the speaker and still have a conversation with another employee? It took her several tries to get my order right!! Then when I get to the window she doesn't even say hi or tell me my total just puts her hand out for payment. As I gave her my card I asked her to please give me jelly and extra syrup and butter. All she did was smile when I said thank you. Took them a good 15 minutes to get my stuff as she was a way from window by the inside counters talking to employees. When she finally gave me my order I reasked that I got the jelly and syrup and she goes to reach to get some and then says OH its in the bag. Now I ordered Big Breakfast with Hotcakes and Bacon, two sausage and egg mcmuffins, hashbrown and a coke. When I got home I got everything BUT the HASH Browns!!!! I was to get two of them one with the Big Breakfast and the extra one I ordered. UGGG it was on my receipt. the name on the receipt stated KS #15. So not right especially by someone in Management
2	I have to strike this fast food venue from my normal few lunch spots for awhile.  The last two visits have been a disappointment.  My french fries were cold both times.  I ordered a Premium Chicken wrap with crispy chicken last week and received grilled chicken.  The receipt had it right so it was the line cooks who got it wrong.  Today I ordered Chicken McNuggets as a combo.  Again and as I said before, cold fries.  And I can guarantee the McNuggets weren't fresh.  I got my food before I even got my change.  It had all been sitting there well before I ordered.  Besides the food, service was terrible.  There was one lady taking orders and she was even making some of the food.  It made for some very slow service during a very busy lunch hour.  Rather than calling out an order or order number when ready, she looked at my boss and said "this is yours."  How rude!  There was a gentelman waiting for his food since before I walked in and was still waiting after I got mine.  His wife took her sandwich back and said it was not fresh.  She got a dirty look from the same rude cashier.  I miss the days of the old manager whom I have not seen in a few months.  He had the staff on their game.
1	Came here because I had to feed my daughter and well, we love McDonald's. So, while waiting for my mom which I dropped her off at Valley Hospital, I decided to go through the drive through. I ordered a kids meal and 2 big mac's with extra sauce, which I got charged extra for and I've never been charged before. There were a few cars in front of me but it went by quick. I pull up to the window for my food and ask the guy at the window which toy they had, as I always do. sad to say he didn't have much but one toy not even the special toy for kids under 3. So I get my food and go. When I get to the hospital I noticed I was not given the apple slices that come with the kids meal. WOW!! and this is why I will NEVER return to this location.
2	Went here after work for a quick Mickey D fix. I had order a 6 piece chicken nuggets meal. Sorry to say but I think it will be my last time here. Don't get me wrong, the food tasted fine by my insides didn't think so.
3	Not a bad Mc Donald's as far as this chain goes. I've visited this location multiple times. The food is hot and service is speedy. The staff is courteous.
