5	This place finally opened! Have been waiting for quite some time. They were still in soft opening stage, but had most everything together. Atmosphere: Gorgeous. Industrial feel with a warmth that a blast furnace would give. Minimalist decor with the light fixtures being the attractions and they are varied in style. Plus...OUTDOOR SEATING.  Such a rare commodity in Pittsburgh. Three TVs which is plenty...if I want to watch a game, I'm going to a sports bar. I don't want this place to be that...should be a chill place to drink, converse and relax. Touch tunes juke box. Drink: Great tap selection and bottles, too. Also a pretty extensive and eclectic liquor choice and just the right amount of wine. I like the display of it mixed through on the large gears on the wall. Service: We sat at the bar and the bartender was great to offer suggestions, tastes and take notes of what we like to drink. Food: Tried the spinach artichoke bruschetta. This was really good. Good twist on the all-party appetizer that wasn't too salty. Reuben balls were pretty damn good. Stuffed meatballs were okay...a little overdone, but I imagine they could easily be if you have to make them ahead and keep warm. Not crazy about the marinara with it. I know they'll be playing with the menu a bit.  I hope it stays simple. You don't need a lot of choices, just really good ones. Overall....this is probably going to be my new hangout. I want this place to make it. 8th avenue needs it and Homestead does, too. Tell your friends!
4	The perogies were done with just the right amount of crispy on each side and good spicy on the inside. The salmon was different but had enough flavor without being overwhelming. I would get it again.I'm not into a lot of beer but it had a nice craft variety to choose from. Love the rogue dead guy!
5	I pass by here daily and one day I saw they had their open sign on. On a whim I went there with my wife to check out the new place. The decor was a very cool mix of vintage chandelier with modern furniture. The bar looked amazing especially the 22 taps with custom steel sign. There is also an upstairs balcony and outdoor enclosed courtyard with gas heaters. We are vegetarians and we had the jalapeno pierogies and the artichoke bruschetta. Both were amazing, especially the bruschetta was the best I had ever had! The service was excellent, and quick. One of the owners even came by and chatted with us for awhile answering questions about the restaurant. They have several large TV's which would be nice for watching the game - but not with a sports bar feel. Overall I love the addition of Dorothy 6 to Homestead and will definitely be back.
4	I don't like flowery, long winded, pretentious reviews by hipster wannabe food critics so I'll get to the brass tacks.Ambiance: decor and music was perfectBooze: great selection of beer and cocktailsFood: I had an 8oz strip steak with mashed potatoes and caramelized baconized Brussels sprouts. I ordered my steak med-rare and it was tender and delicious but a little more on the medium side but really that was okay with me, the Brussels sprouts were cooked perfectly--firm and not squishy but they could've used a little salt, there was something kind of off about the mashed potatoes though, they sort of reminded me of the ones I had in my high school cafeteria but my husband loved them. My husband had the pierogies, also with the Brussels sprouts and they were awesome! Like the best pierogies I've ever had, actually. Service: We sat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and attentive, I saw him creating custom cocktails for other patrons and if I had not already been drinking beer I probably would've asked him to make me one. I feel that if I had been upset about the steak being a teensy bit overcooked and not liking the mashed pots, he would've done something about it cheerfully. Overall, the experience was pleasant and any kinks are small and will be smoothed out over a bit of time, I'm so excited that they've opened in my neighborhood.
5	This place is beautiful! The salmon sandwich was the best I have ever had, and the meatball appetizer has me making plans to be back for the sandwich. We will be back very soon!
4	I visited last Sun. for dinner after seeing a movie at AMC Loews theater in the Waterfront.  Because I visit the Waterfront now and again to see movies, I keep a list of non-chain restaurants nearby handy, and Dorothy 6 was at the top of it.I don't know if the bells on the door failed to jingle when I walked in, but oddly, nobody came to greet me and my dining partner. Because it was empty except for maybe one other customer at the bar, we took the liberty of choosing a table.  Before we sat down, a waitress emerged from the kitchen and handed us menus.  Because their website doesn't seem to be functioning, I wasn't able to look up the menu ahead of time, which would have been nice.  As it were, I found the prices a bit higher than I would have liked.  The waitress mentioned the special of the day, crab-stuffed salmon, which sounded amazing, but I balked at the price ($20). Instead, I went with the pierogi entree ($16), and my dining partner went with the reuben sandwich ($10).When the food came out, after about 10 min., it looked good, but I was a bit surprised by the presentation of the side dish, which was described as caramelized brussels sprouts with bacon.  I was expecting whole brussels sprouts, but this was more of a salad (see photo).  Nevertheless, I found the taste quite pleasant.  As for the pierogis, it was obvious that they were made fresh on site.  The exterior had a satisfying crispness, and the filling had just the right amount of cheddar flavor, and was soft but not mealy.  The caramelized onions served on top of the pierogis added a hint of sweetness, and the sour cream had a pleasant tinge of seasoning.  I was only able to eat half of the pierogis and brussels sprouts, so I took the rest home, and they were just as good the next day.  I didn't taste my dining partner's reuben, so I can't comment on it myself, but he enjoyed it, finishing it and the steak-cut fries that came with it.In general, I found the quality of food here to be quite good, but I found it to be a bit overpriced.  I don't have any complaints about the service, and the ambiance, as others have mentioned, is quite interesting and beautiful.  I'm not sure if business is normally as slow as it was when I visited.  I hope not, since I'd like to see this place succeed, esp. in a town such as Homestead, which has few shopping and dining options outside of the Waterfront.
3	First of all, I'm very excited that all these new places are opening in Homestead! I'm so excited to try them all. Recently my husband and I ventured to Dorothy 6 Blast Furnace on a down night. The restaurant only opened in November. We'd read the reviews the restaurant had gotten already and figured it was worth a try.The interior of the restaurant is really nice. Brick walls with a steel mill theme. There's even a guide to warning whistles behind the bar. There's also a gorgeous chandelier in the entrance. The space has two levels, although they're currently only serving on one. I'm guessing as they begin to get more service they'll expand to the second level. We got the jalapeno pirogies as an appetizer. They were delicious. I'm not even a HUG pirogie fan. I usually find them to be a little too buttery/greasy...but these were perfect. They still had that comfort food deliciousness but weren't laden with butter.For dinner I had the meatball sandwich. It was very good. The meatballs are actually stuffed with cheese and spices, and I really enjoyed the marinara they use on the sandwich. All sandwiches come with steak fries. They're on the softer side, which I like but I know a lot of people aren't big fans of. My husband got the steak. He said it was good, but he could tell it had been sitting for awhile.It did take us a little longer than expected to be served our entrees...almost an hour (reason for 3 stars instead of 4). You can definitely tell they're a new restaurant when it comes to service. Everyone is very nice, but it seems they aren't up par yet as far as checking on tables and getting meals out. However I know these are growing pains that come with opening up a new place. The food definitely makes this place worth the visit. I'm looking forward to stopping back in the future once they've established themselves a bit more.
4	If you want to get away from the boring chains along the waterfront and enjoy a delicious, casual meal, then this place should be at the top of your list. Traveling on business, I found this gem thanks to other Yelp users and decided to give it a try. The service was phenomenal, and the food was a bargain.I had the special, a generous filet with polenta and the bacon Brussel sprouts. The plate I got was simply presented without fanfare. The filet was perfect, the polenta was great, but the best flavor was the sprouts. I will most definitely return to this locally owned spot in a town that needs more places like this.
