5	We attended the Home & Garden Show in June, and were looking to upgrade our Master Bathroom from tile counter tops to granite.  We talked with the associates at the show, and received a call from Tina to meet us in person.  She really was well versed in how to handle and size our job.  The pricing was very competitive and gave us options when deciding on whether to keep an existing glass tiled back splash or bringing in the granite for a total finished look.  We got to pick the slab with Tina's expertise, which made our new vessel sinks standout.  We had guest arriving from out of town, and, they met our timeline with ease. This team was excellent throughout the process, and you really sensed the pride they take in their work, and how they value your business!  Next step, removing carpet and installing tile throughout.  If you want a dedicated team of professionals for end to end service, call Diamond Granite & Remodeling!
5	From the start of our kitchen remodel, my wife and I both had some negative experiences with a few granite company's and the seemingly careless, flakey way they handled business.It wasn't until we sat down with Alex Bores at Diamond Granite that we felt like we had found a reliable, reputable company to work with. The first thing we noticed was that Diamond Granite had pricing and transparency in the buying process. Not one of the other companies we met with, were willing to, or could give us pricing. We knew from the moment we selected our materials, what the cost would be. We then had to select our actually slabs, and that was something that was not in Diamond's control. We went to Arizona Tile and Bedrosian's to find the 2 different materials we needed. I can honestly say that Bedrosian's knows how to treat customers, Arizona Tile could give a crap about you. I have reviews for both of them on Yelp as well.Alex was there through every step in the process, making sure our needs were met and that his team was doing everything to our satisfaction.His crew was able to get in days ahead of schedule when the carpenter had finished the cabinets install ahead of schedule. They were fast, efficient and extremely courteous.In the midst of the week between template and install, my wife had a change of heart in the island. No problem. Alex stopped everything, help us get the different material and the slab was changed with no stress. This wasn't an easy task as we required a super sized slab for the island 128" x 56". But again, Alex and Diamond Granite came through for us.Install day came and the guys did a fantastic job. The kitchen was really shaping up.Our only complaint (and it's small when looking at the big picture). The backsplash tile installers were clearly in a hurry and did sloppy work the first day. They left chipped glass all over our driveway and kitchen counters. Once again Alex stepped in. On day 2 they came out, removed the tiles that didn't meet ours or Alex's standards and completed the job beautifully. If you want transparency in the process, great customer service and AWESOME follow through, you want to work with Diamond Granite. We will and have already recommended them to others.
1	Before I start this sad story I would like to say that My bad experience comes pretty much soley because of the installers this company uses.   So picking my granite and so forth went nicely.    It appeared to have been installed nicely when I noticed an extra seam which looked like some miss measured a cut and just glued in an extra piece.   I was a little disturbed that this happened especially since no one even told me.   I felt like someone was covering up their mistakes.   I took pictures and said that I wanted it done right.   So the installers were had to buy a new piece and reinstall the miscut section of granite.   Easy fix right??   Nope.  I wasted a whole day waiting around for these guys to fix this and in the process they damaged one of the good pieces of granite.   Luckily I caught it and confronted them asking what are you going to do about these chips?   The installers said they would fill it in.   I said no I want a nice straight seam.   Then they began to complain because they would have to remove the island which looked and was very difficult.   Finally we agreed to grind the edge.  I said okay.   So my house gets dusty which I'm okay with it's getting done right.   Only the next day the light reflects on the opposite edge that was fixed and I see chunks of granite missing which were filled in.   Really??    Now I'm getting a little mad.   I took pictures and sent them to the rep and explained that this whole project is getting delayed because the installers are trying to hide mistakes.  All I asked was for it to be filled in correctly because I was ready to install my backsplash.   So the installer comes a third time 2 hours late again and fills it in.   It still looks like crap but I just don't want these people around anymore.  It makes me feel awkward.   Now a week after all this my sink which sits under the granite is leaking between the granite and sink edge.   I'm absolutely livid now because I paid thousands of dollars for a "professional" installation when in fact I probably could have done a better job myself.   If you're going to use these guys beware of the installers they use.   They flat out suck!!!
5	I recently wanted to upgrade my kitchen and bathrooms as well as my front patio.I called Diamond Granite & Remodelling and made an appointment immediately. I worked with Kim with the entire project and she helped me greatly and saved me some bucks on the granite I purchased. The installation went well and one mistake in granite measurement was rectified and replaced correctly. My patio was just completed yesterday and the whole job went smoothly and is done beautifully. I highly recommend Diamond and if you want good service give Kim a call. You will be happy you did! I will post pictures soon.
1	I have taken a lot of time thinking about this review and truly feel I would be doing a disservice to future customers if I didn't write about my experience with Diamond Granite. As you look over their reviews you will see inconsistent reactions from past customers. If you are someone who needs communication and a clear understanding of what to expect then this is not the company for you. I can say their fabrication work is good but their attention to details and customer service is poor. If you are able to work with Alex and Rachel then you might have a decent experience...however the company as a whole struggles with details and communication. I was contacted several times by them but never about my project. They made miscalls and texts to me about other projects and once about what an employee should be doing for the day. I asked them for suggestions on an island and indicated my budget and time line and they suggested I work with someone else. I had them fabricating my granite for my island and really didn't want to use several companies..so I talked to Daniel about it and he came to the house with his designer...who definitely wasn't happy with me and it showed....they came back with a BIG PRICE ...$1000 dollars over my budget not including the top!  Sent me a clear message they weren't interested in my business just my pocket book! I went with a custom cabinet maker and he delivered  a better product for $1500 dollars less...At time of install they gave me a 2 pm time and showed up at 4pm stayed til past 9pm and I did most of the clean up! I asked if Daniel was going to show up and he texted he would if he had time! Well he did...shows just in time to give me my bill and take payment. No concern for the time frame or for my time....the counters were done well ...the install was average...and then when the plumber came the next day...they forgot to drill all the wholes and they had to send somebody back the next morning! Just very disorganized and unapologetic. His partner Alex showed signs of wanting to come back and deliver a back splash piece for behind my range and it bothered Daniel....told Alex he could do it now that he opened his big mouth...I felt unappreciated.  I could go on and on about the lack of customer service. I needed another small piece of counter top and Daniel said he might have something and would call me the next day to let me know....what do you think happened? The next time I heard from him was a text wondering if I found someone else to do my island... I was really scared about having them finish my island top but more scared about trying to find someone else so luckily I called and spoke with Alex and he was nice enough to make the appointment to measure. I received a call a few days later from the office...they didn't know what the appointment was for? Again no communication in the company and I am having to fill in the blanks. The appointment was set for 4pm and by 4:20 no one called or showed. So again I call and ask if someone is on their way...they call Alex and then he calls to let me know when to expect him.... It was a full time job managing them and my install and I had to pay them!!!  Again the top came out great and was happy with the fabrication. But again I expected to pay one price and Daniel slid in his final gouge!  $545 dollars for them to move an outlet on the same wall to a lower position for a beverage cooler. They added some trim....but it wasn't made of gold!  If you don't want to go through all this I highly suggest you do your research and try and find a company that is more professional, concerned about communication and really appreciates your business....this company does not!  And they will prove it by not responding to this review or trying to make anything right by me....As Daniel told me when I was concerned about the install....they aren't PERFECT!  Far from it!  Please don't use them....their has to be someone better for your time and money!
1	Do not even deserve one star. Not only did they 100% mess up the countertops we discussed they also damaged multiple cabinets and broke a drawer. Then on top of that they lost our water filter that what next to our kitchen sink and refused to fix any of it. Completely unsatisfied and would not recommend them to anyone. TERRIBLE service and everyone at that company is rude. Do yourself a favor and learn from my experience, never use this company.
5	Alex and the entire team were great to work with.  From the initial meeting to the final walk thru - all members were responsive and completed the tasks beyond expectation.  Each person ensured the final product turned out to our liking.  The initial install had some punch list items - like most construction projects - and they were on top of getting the items fixed immediately.  We appreciate the attention to detail, knowledge and excellent customer service.  We enjoyed working with the entire team and will definitely be referring you to others!
5	These guys did a great job are kitchen looks perfect the installers were very proficient Alex .. the salesman was courteous professional and I had panoply of samples to choose from.I would deal with these guys again anytime and I read recommend anyone to do so.
1	***Stay away from this company unless you want to deal with a nightmare.***ORIGINAL SCHEDULINGCountertop installation was scheduled for Tues 11/11, with an arrival time of 8-10am.We scheduled a plumber to complete the sink installation for the afternoon of 11/11.My husband scheduled the day off work for 11/11.Backsplash tile installation was scheduled for Wed 11/12, with an arrival time of 8-10am.COUNTERTOP INSTALLATIONOn Mon 11/10, I received a voicemail message from a scheduler at Diamond Granite indicating that our scheduled arrival time was 12-4pm.I returned the call to indicate that 12-4pm would not work for us, as a plumber would be arriving in the afternoon. I was told I would receive a call back. I did not receive a call back.The installation crew arrived at 7:50am on 11/11.The crew dismantled the kitchen counters, removed the sink, and disconnected the dishwasher. It was at this point that they noticed that the sink cutout was the wrong shape. (I don't understand how that could happen; I gave Diamond Granite the template for the sink when they came to do the final template measurement.)The crew installed the island and the satellite piece and let us know they would get back to us with when they would be able to complete the full installation. We received a call later that day that they would return between 1-2pm the next day, Wed 11/12.We rescheduled the plumber for later in the day Wed 11/12.My husband took the afternoon off work for Wed 11/12.Diamond Granite rescheduled the backsplash tile installation for Fri 11/14.I scheduled myself to work from home on Fri 11/14.The crew arrived at 530pm. (In the meantime, we had moved the plumber to Thu 11/13 - which required my husband to take even more time off work.)They completed their work around 830pm, and while they did sweep the floors, my husband had to mop up after them, and we are still trying to clean sawdust off the cooktop, cabinet doors, new sink, and pantry floor.Most importantly, it appears that the sealant was applied improperly; there is a film and a residue on top of the countertops, and we cannot seem to clean it off. This residue has a milky appearance and is sticky to the touch. Diamond Granite indicated that this would come off if we cleaned it more, and refused to return to inspect the work. They dropped off a bottle of granite cleaner on my doorstep, which, needless to say, has not done the trick.BACKSPLASH INSTALLATIONOn the morning of Fri 11/14, Diamond Granite called to indicate that the backsplash installation was being cancelled for that day, as someone on the installation crew had a "personal issue" and could not come to work.At this point, I cancelled any further installation work I had scheduled with Diamond Granite, as my experience so far had proven Diamond Granite to be unreliable both with regard to scheduling and quality of work performed.
1	Stay far away from this company. They advertise a low price and then tack on a bunch of fees to make up for the low quoted price.  They also demand full payment up front so you don't have any recourse when they screw up the job.  The sales team is very unreliable and should be avoided at all cost.  There are much better contractors out there.
1	If you're expecting competitive pricing, excellent communication and quality installation for your granite project.AVOID THIS COMPANY!!Once you've signed the contract, you will not receive any communication, I had to prod information from the sales representative Tina. We were never told what to expect, ever. I upgraded an island edge myself after the original quotation that added to the cost, never was it recommended by the sales representative. Now at this point I am questioning their professionalism and became concerned.  I checked their pricing and they were higher than two other quotes I received.  When I asked if they would price match, I was told by the owner Dan that I could cancel the contract for a $300 cancellation charge and at the time they had not spent a penny on the project yet.The template maker either failed to make correct templates or the cutters did not follow the templates as the sections were off by 1/2" at the joint and they just filled it with caulking, unreal!!! I had to give quality an F because the installation was so sloppy, one of the installers washed the epoxy they used to install the sink off of his hands with acetone and pored it all over my new floors. I informed the sales representative about the stains on my floors and she said she would tell the owner Dan, I have not heard a thing from Dan, nor do I expect to. The caulking all had to be redone and a section was missed completely. There was epoxy left all over the tops and sink, that I had to clean off. The installation crew has no process for covering up anything and really did not care at all. The granite fabricators do not deserve this score however, their work was fine.This company does not care about you as a consumer, read their other reviews, I only review excellent or awful experiences. This was an awful experience. When I asked about the negative reviews and his employees lack of enthusiasm, communication, and quality of workmanship, I was told by owner Dan "we're only human, we make mistakes" What a cop out Dan, everything we experienced could be corrected with leadership!UPDATEThe nightmare continues, on New Years Day our sink fell down, I had asked the installers if they were going to use the factory installation brackets provided by the sink manufacturer and they said they use epoxy and have never had one fall off.I read the installation process for correctly installing our very expensive Blanco stainless steel sink and epoxy was no where in the instructions. I had to do the installation from under my sink, and although very difficult to do this way, it is done correctly. Dan will reply with apologies and say he stands behind his work, I however choose not to have them ever return to my home for anything,Please people: DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY
