3	Filled all our needs - shorts for the hubby who forgot to bring shorts to Arizona on vacation (DOH!), roller blades for the kids (didn't buy...but they actually had two pair in good shape - we tried to hunt down the missing one in a Berkeley Goodwill forever and never did find it), and groovy martini glasses for $1.95 each for my collection of thrift-shop mismatched martini glasses. Although I literally had them in my hand when a woman came along with a shopping cart and told me she had just gone to get it because she wanted to put THOSE martini glasses in it. I know she wasn't lying so I gave them up. I expect karma to pay me back real soon.
2	This Goodwill is not great but not terrible.  Every so often they have these sale days when everything is 50% off.  Even then, though, a lot of items are more pricey than I'd expect--for example, $5 t-shirts and $18 for used jeans?  That's more than I'd hope to pay and seems to take some of the "thrift" out of the "thrift-shopping" experience.
2	Nice clean store, however it is the MOST EXPENSIVE Goodwill in the Valley, and I've been to all of them.  It's not really worth making the trip from Phoenix.  Also they moved to the Southeast corner of E Palisades Blvd and N Fountain Hills Blvd.
4	I actually came to this Goodwill 2 days in a row! The first day I saw that they were doing a promotion of 50% off everything in the store for the following day. I saw a Nordstrom tote that I liked and thought I'll come back in the morning for the added discount and that if it's meant to be, it'll be there...Lo and behold! It was still there the next morning. The day before, there were barely 5 people (including staff) in the store and the next morning it was packed. Since I had a 7 hour drive ahead of me, I wanted to get in/out quickly.I don't know how I missed this the day before, but all the "good" stuff is in the front glass counter. There were Coach purses (vintage) and Dooney & Burke, which I bought. Lots of other designer goodies, a bit dated, but still in good condition. At the end of the shopping trip, I walked out with $40 worth of stuff. Next time, I'll just head straight to the front glass counter!
