5	Wow, what a gorgeous store. It doesn't have the same warehouse feel to it that other Office Max stores have with the shelves stacked to the ceiling rafters. The walls are painted in cool comfortable colors and the copy department even has free Seattle's Best coffee!! Awwwwesome. Once this shopping center fills in, business will be booming since this store is so much more welcoming (employees and layout) than the others!
2	short version: He said she said... corporate says the store lied, the store says corporate lied. :(  "Free" home delivery is definitely a painful experience.Long version:  So I go in there, just lookin at desks.  One's on sale, I kinda like it, and sale "ends today."  Blah blah, but i'm on my sport bike so I'm obviously not strapping the desk to my back and riding home.  So working with the manager (bill), he says, no problem free delivery!  I said wow, how's that work?  He said comes locally, 1-3 days, and ur buying it on saturday 1-3 days makes it Wednesday.  And they'll call you in advance with a 4 hour window before they come to deliver it.  Oh no problem!  Sounds great!  Then the lying manager says, "oh and call them monday morning to make sure everything is good."So I call monday morning.  Apparently it's kinda more like a UPS delievery kinda thing. The do *NOT* call in advance and give you a 4 hour window.  They come by and leave a note on your door if you're not home and try 3 times and then it goes back.  WHOA!  WTF, not as described!!! And you kinda have to be home for 96 hours straight or it ain't gonna work!!!  ... so Thursday comes and goes, and it's not here yet!  So I call up the 800 # again.  The 800 # rep, great gal, listens to my story and she puts me on hold to call the store.  Talks to the manager.  She ends up putting in a complaint with the store.So Friday day, Bill (the manager) calls me and tries to repair the situation.  Claims it's a he said she said.  Corp jacked him.  Corp says store jacked them.  Either way I don't work for officemax, all y'all figure it out.  Bill at this point is  interested in repairing the customer relationship.  But why did we get here... :(
3	Conveniently located in a large shopping center. Easy in, easy out for specialty or every day school, home office supplies. Things I get here: calendars for my day planner day planners and notebooks (what can I say, I still like a written calendar) tax forms W2, 1099 for my small business Post Its branded items Office Max Brand Adhesive Labels card stock for the printer sometimes pens specialty desk organization pieces What I don't get here because it can be "gotten" cheaper elsewhere: copy or printer paper, the standard stuff envelopes highlighters or Sharpie pens office furniture cork boards or dry erase boards printers, toners, computers or electronics This location of Office Max is very clean, organized and has plenty of stock. The staff is friendly and helpful. I love coming here and looking around at all the cool stuff :)
1	Maybe I'm wrong, you decide.  I needed toner for my Canon printer.  Went online and OfficeMax had the best price, $67.99.  Went to the store and the shelf said $73.99.  I went to their site on my phone and verified the lower price.When I checked out, the price scanned at $71.99.  I showed the cashier my phone for $67.99 and he called the manager for approval.  The manager approved and said to me, "Our prices aren't the same as online."  I said, "I saw that and I thought it was misleading.  Why would I want to drive to a store, find the product myself and then pay more?"She said, "That's the way we do it."  So I'm thinking, this isn't an affiliate, it's the same store, different location.  Maybe this is how big business operates - "Caveat Emptor - let the buyer beware."  Now I know to double-check online versus in store.  It doesn't leave me with a warm and fuzzy feeling for Office Max, though.
5	Excellent customer service!I've been here twice this week for some prints. Each time I went there was absolutely no line and the associate helping me out (same girl both days) was very friendly. While printing out my papers, she would initiate random small talk with me and wish me a great day at the end of the transaction. In the past when I've been helped by other associates, I'd receive the same quality of service. Today they happened to just get in some new printers, so it took a while to setup the prints. While waiting, I browsed around the store and noticed they had a lot of great sales. Their holiday items were 50% off and they had a lot of cheap usb flash drives, like 16gb drives for $25. Great deals + great customer service = 5 stars in my book!
2	Been here a few times and every single time the same issue, they just need more personnel on the floor to assist customers with questions of concerns. I was in the area and needed to pick up a few home office supplies, mainly a shredder and a label maker. The paper shredders i found shortly after wondering the store for a bit but the layout of the display and the actual units werent were they were suppose to be. I settled on an Office Max light useage diamond pattern shredder that was suppose to be 49.99 but was onsale for 29.99. Directly under the display and the price tag was a completely different model for 79.99. Oh...Kay...logically shouldn't you put it UNDER the display so if anyone wants it it's right there so they can grab it?Finally found and flagged down an employee who grabbed the actual unit i wanted under the display of another model about 3 units down...yeah not exactly the most logical layout for goods. Past experiences have always been the same, i pretty much go in and loiter around the store until i find something i need or what i was looking for. Then i quickly cash out which has never been a problem.Yelp 100 - 006 of 100
4	I went in today to purchase a desk, and the staff here was really helpful. The only problem I had was trying to track someone down to help me. They even put the package in my car for me. Service was excellent, but I felt they could have more staff on the floors.
4	Nice clean and organized store....friendly staff!
1	One star is WAY to generous. Every time I go there, I have to deal with horrible customer service. The cashiers are kind, the one star can go to them. Jake (Jacob Pedersen), is a HUGE (and I do mean HUGE) disappointment.  The price was wrong on the shelf (as always!) and he argued with me regarding that. He blames all of us customers saying "I can't help that the customers put stuff where ever they want". Really? The shelf was clean and looked organized! The crazy RUDE thing is, he just walked away while I was still talking! Huge jerk and I'll NEVER step foot in the place again.
5	Excellent service.  Clean place.  Customer service is off the chains.  Been here a lot of times.  Never a bad experience. Best part.....they quote you a time for your work to be done and they have always beat it.  Love it!!!
