5	OSS physical therapy helped me go back to practice Capoeira after a pelvise injury. I was ready to give up (after months of going back and forth from one doctor to another..) but it took only few sessions for me to gradually go back to practicing. Dr Larson not only took care of my injury very professionally, but she also taught me how to avoid such an injury in the future and showed me variouse steches and excercises for that purpose. I highly recommend OSS physical therapy; whatever you broke, there is no one better to fix it :)
5	The fact everyone at OSS are Brazilian Jiu Jitsu practitioners made my decision to go there a no brainer.  I could say what hurts when doing a particular movement and they knew exactly what I meant and knew what muscles I was using.  The office is great, laid back atmosphere.  Walking in, I was greeted by a very nice and friendly Vanessa, who had some awesome old school jock jams playing on the radio.I injured my rib about 6 months ago, the pain had been nagging but bearable until recently.  Like everyone else in this world, I asked Dr.Google first and just been going to a chiropractor to get my rib adjusted back into place and call it good.Dr. Jenni was amazing.  She actually found I had a very tight group of muscles in my back that were causing the pain in my rib- That stops my self diagnosing right there.  After sessions with Dr. Jenni, my back felt way more loose than previous, which took the pain out of my rib area that I've been feeling.  I'm actually excited I am able to sneeze or cough without having to brace my hand against my rib in fear of pain- I haven't been able to do that in months!I would and will recommend OSS to anyone who needs to get fixed up- they got my support from now on in my Jiu Jitsu life long journey.
5	I've used OSS PT multiple time over the years. Between a physically intense job and a passion for Brazilian jiu jitsu I've had my share of injuries. OSS always keeps me able to do my job and fight hard on a regular basis. Dr Jenni and her staff have always given me a great deal of personal attention, ensuring I make the most of every visit. From post-op to mva to sports injury rehab, I can honestly say I will always go to OSS Physical Therapy for all of my treatment.
5	OSS Physical Therapy has saved my shoulders multiple times. I'm a fanatical rock climber and climbing instructor. My time is spent either personally climbing or teaching outside. Working and playing outside takes a large physical toll on the body. Fortunately, I've had great help from Dr. Larson and staff in rehabilitating and preventing injuries. They're fantastic people and understand the athletic mindset. I highly recommend them for treatment!
5	Great staff, great place. I am always  there because I compete a lot and need to be well for my tournaments!
5	I highly recommend Oss Physical Therapy. I was referred to them through a friend, and now use them on a regular basis. The staff are super friendly and the service is amazing! Thank you Dr Jenni and your wonderful team for your help over the years. I am truely greatful
