4	This place is tucked in a little side street beside Market Square.   After seeing a sign on the sidewalk advertising a reasonably priced ($10) sushi lunch special, I decided to give it a try.The inside is small, but tastefully decorated with a few tables and a wall bar area.  I was immediately fond of the place simply because the woman taking orders and manning the register was SOOO NICE.  Seriously, she is ultra-friendly and was running around trying to help customers, get them more ginger, etc.  In a lunch area dominated by busy businessmen and women trying to get in and out as quickly as possible, with restaurant workers typically disinterested in providing good customer service, this was a refreshing change!The lunch special came with two sushi rolls and a side salad.  It was a perfect lunch portion and honestly included more sushi than I had expected for the price.  The sushi was good.  Not mind-blowing, not terrible, but better than expected at the price and given the cost of doing business in that location.  In short - it's a solid lunch spot!  I'd happily go back and I really hope that they succeed.  If they keep providing such great customer service I have no doubt they will do well.
5	Excellent place to go! I happened to run into this place that's a little bit hidden but still in Market Square. The lady who was serving was so sweet and made sure you had everything you needed. The sushi itself was great, especially the rainbow roll. I was very impressed. Prices were reasonable. The place is small but you can always get your food to go and eat outside. I will definitely return!
5	Pretty delicious sushi! They opened 4 months ago and they have been serving downtown sushi lovers. I ordered the pink lady (tuna cucumber avocado and spicy tuna on top of soy wrap) and it was amazing. The tuna avocado and Alaskan  were good too. I will be going back.
5	No. 1 Sushi is consistent, fresh and delicious.  I recently moved here from NYC and have tried a majority of the restaurants in the area.  As far as good Sushi Restaurants.   No. 1 Sushi and Penn Avenue are superb. The owners of No. 1 Sushi are wonderful people.  They are courteous,  professional and very grateful to their customers.   I highly recommend you make it a point to stop at No. 1 Sushi!
5	I had eaten at a sushi place in the same location maybe a year or so ago (sinobi, i think?), and was less than impressed. So even though the name had changed a couple times, I was rather hesitant...I shouldn't have been. I got the #3 special, which was a (spicy) tuna roll and (spicy) salmon roll with choice of soup or salad (i got salad) and it was excellent!! Plus only cost 12.95...It was a very good spice level without compromising flavor, the fish tasted fresh and was good quality, and the portion was great (plenty of food). Not to mention the extremely personable staff.I didn't try any of their more complex maki rolls, but saw some pass me after ordering and wondered if I should have... they looked great!I normally don't post reviews, just glean the wisdom of others, but I truly felt the need to compliment this place after my visit.
5	Excellent sushi. Tiny establishment off Market Square--you would miss it if you weren't looking for it. Sushi is fresh! Highly recommend!
4	I stumbled upon this place on my way to the farmer's market in Market Square.  I love sushi and was excited to discover an option within walking distance from my North Shore office location.They have daily lunch specials that range from $7-$10 and include soup or salad and sushi options.  There is also a decently large menu featuring the traditional rolls and pieces and also many specialty rolls.  There was quite a line when I ordered, but they hustle and really get orders out to you quickly.  Everything was very fresh and tasty.  There was just the right amount of sauces and the flavors on my roll complimented each other perfectly.There is seating inside, but there were so many people waiting for food (at least during the lunch rush) that you are probably better off getting your food to go rather than enduring the crowds.A great experience with extremely tasty and fresh food.  I will be back.
4	If you are looking for a quick and tasty bite in market square, it's hard to find an option that won't raise your cholesterol or enlarge your fupa. The good news is that this place has great sushi, good prices, and quick carry-out.
5	I eat here about once a week - it is absolutely delicious! The staff work so hard and are so pleasant. If you are looking for a quick and good lunch, this is your spot!
4	This is really a gem in market square and my go-to place for sushi. The owners are great and the sushi is pretty good and consistent.
5	jesus christ i love this place!
3	Really good Sushi and the service is friendly and quick.  I got one of the specials, which was 2 Sushi Rolls and a salad and I was quite pleased.  The shop is rather small, but works well for a quick bite to eat.
5	The sushi sashimi and roll here are really fresh and delicious. And the owners are nice Japanese couples.
5	Almost walked by it but decided to stop in.  Was very impressed.  The miso was perfect and the rolls were fresh and very good.  I would definitely be here once a week if I lived in the area.
5	I'll keep this short and sweet, because that's what my visits here usually are.I've had the crab roll, the spicy shrimp roll, and the gyoza so far, and each one far outshines the usual Asian fare I find around town. The atmosphere is cozy, and the price point is great for a quick bite. The staff is very friendly too. Great place for lunch downtown.
