4	(Random chick at bar): I'm so tired.Me: Why(Random chick at bar): I just got off workMe: Its midnight, what do you do where they make you work so late(Random chick at bar): I work at HighlightersMe: Man, I didn't know office supply stores could be such slave drivers.(Random chick at bar): [ditzy laugh]This is a pretty sweet dance club in the middle of the nightlife area of Scottsdale.  Lots of very good looking people and a palpable "we're all here to have a good time" vibe.  Many rooms, all with different kinds of cool decor and different music.  Also, not a bad place to meet ditzy "office supply store" employees.
3	not my scene, but at least it's trying to do a little more with a theme. unfortunately, when i went only one room was open, which i later found out was the Earth room - does that say anything that I couldn't tell it was Earth themed?the other rooms sound pretty rad, and that was kind of the reason i went, so i was disappointed. it was a week night, so I'm sure on weekends all rooms are packed with hair extensions boob jobs, so don't worry.the DJ that night was lame - he would not take a song request for a friend's birthday on a Tuesday night... i know you gotta keep up appearances, but seriously, it was a top 40 song and we were the only damn people in the bar.. really rubbed me the wrong way. some scottsdale bars don't strictly enforce their dress code, but this one does, so no sneakers or hats, guys.
3	i had a great time there. there were like three rooms playing hip hop/ r&b, alternative, and even some techno/ rave stuff. the patio was cool too. the only problem i had was when it came to dancing. i could not get my moves going cause i had no room. i was doin the human sardine on the dance floor. yea, it was pretty darn packed. other than that, the people were friendly and the music was cool, OH AND DRINKING OUT OF THE KINGS CUP WAS AWESOME.
4	I've always been a fan of clubs that have multiple rooms- there is always something for everyone and you can explore if you get bored.   A perfect example of why this works well is in the case me and my best friend.  We may be BFF but he likes to dance to techno while I like to lounge to anything but.   The 4 rooms at E4 are each well done and definitely have different feels.  I was able to get the layout of the club down easily (blue room= techno, do not go that way).   We started out on the patio area (air), then moved up to the fire room and ended up in the front lounge (earth) for the end of the night.  I never felt as if it was too crowded, which is always always a good thing in my book, and the music was pretty decent.   (I've heard Billie Jean mixed with a lot of different songs but this was the first time I had ever heard it mixed with Journey, Don't Stop Believing.   It definitely provided a "hey, is...is that Journey?  Ohmigod, it is!" moment.)  It wouldn't be a place that I would go to regularly but I know my bff is coming to visit next month and I wanted to check it out before he got here.
3	I expected this captain planet themed club to be lame, well, it wasn't so bad. sometimes when you try too hard it comes across corny, this isn't quite that place.This is one place I can hear house all night without some lame lil jon mixed in, so props for that.  Ultra (maybe called Shine now) Tuesdays is pretty good.  seems like there is one thing missing but I cant put my finger on it
2	Neat bathrooms, but fuck those cunts for turning me away because I had converse on. Shine flashlights on my shoes? Eat a bag of dicks. I even had a VIP pass and converse were a no-go. I don't think it's that I'm getting old either because I've always hated dress code clubs in Scottsdale - dating back to Cat Eye Lounge when it was on 5th and Scottsdale rd. I'm talking over a decade of this nonsense. We're not in LA, assholes. You can make people wait in line outside your empty club and enforce a dress code, but it won't make your place any cooler. I think if you are wearing an expensive shirt and shiny shoes and $200 jeans, you could go check it out and maybe try to get a young drunk girl to let you buy her drinks so she can reject your proposal to go bang in your Camry. Normally when I'm going to one of these places, I have a pair of shitty Payless shoes that cost me 8 bucks that usually gain me admission. I suppose I'd rather have some dumbfuck door guy judging me by my shoes than some vapid plastic idiot judging me by my car keys. So I actually have been inside E4 a few times... like I said, nice bathrooms. It's like Myst, but different layout. Neat decoration - really dark (so who the fuck is going to see my shoes anyway??) - different rooms and themes and lots of nooks and crannys to park your ass in. There's an inconveniently located dance area and traffic flow is horribly planned out. When it's busy, it sucks. Oh, this section is reserved? Oh I see. Well, then fuck me - I'll just suck the alcohol off my 8 dollar glass of ice cubes and stare at girls gone wild playing dress-up.They have a menu for food and their food is neat sounding, but all of it is bland and flavorless - much like the way this club has no soul. If you're a young hipster and want to have a dress-up night, it's a decent choice - but even then it's not high on my list. If you have a party and reserve a room it can be fun... sort of. Really though, this place rubs me the wrong way in general.
4	This is only a Review of there men's restroom....It was like 2:30am X-mass eve...well really X-mass.....andsince I knew someone that once got busted for peeing on Scottsdale Galleria (I'm sure they weren't the first ones.)....I asked a bouncer if I could still use there restroom....and I was able too......PLUS one staroh of course there was no "attendant" at this time to stare at your ass wile you piss.....so that's a Plus....still not sure why you tip them for that....If your going to pay someone to watch you pee wouldn't you rather it be a girl? and how do you get the job to be the "Attendant" in the women's restroom? oh cool Orange "floating Sinks" Black paint every where....lots of urinals...pretty thin between them.......cool little table things......wait wheres the trash?....alright well I definitely recommend the Bathroom....I wouldn't drive out of the way for it.....But I'm certainly going back.......
2	I want to like e4. I really do! I've been here a handful of times. Most were on Tuesdays, when there's no cover and dress code. It's a more relaxed night with the upstairs open, DJs, like Kevin Brown, playing in the main room, and the red (fire) room open for those who want to sit and talk. Yet, this is not a place to go alone - no matter what night it is. It's like no matter how much you want to be invisible and just enjoy a night out, you have to contend with the "hey there! and the "oh, nice!" remarks that come from the least intelligent of men. I'm pretty good at ignoring them though, even if they try and dance around me like I'm a tiki god. Yet, spare me. Do you honestly think I find that endearing? More like insane. I want nothing more than to ram a hot steel rod up your dick. Please, leave me alone. I just came to dance. But, there's not much space to dance. Here you'll find too many people "bopping," standing around or grinding on somebody they probably just met point-six-fve seconds ago. I despise that. Come here on a weekend night and be ready to be mauled by what appears to be lions that haven't eaten in 150 days. You're prime rib, baby, and they're one hungry pride of lions. I even came here with a date and managed to get grabbed, tugged and teased more times than I can count. After a bit, I just gave up. I mean, standing in the corner can be fun, right? I mean, who really wants to dance to Gabriel and Dresden mixes after all. Yawn, eh? Yeah. I really want to like e4. They need to put down "Roach Traps" to get rid of all the obnoxious losers. Maybe then people like me - those mellow types that like to go out to dance every now and then, while sipping a drink or two - can have some place cool to hang.
3	Definitely not what I expected for a Scottsdale club.  We went here last week to see DJ Steve Aoki visiting from L.A.  Major props to E4 for bringing a master hipster DJ to Scottsdale.  Huh?  The crowd went wild with his skilled sets (although I could have done without Daft Punk's One More Time) and offers of shots from his Grey Goose bottle.I was warned by Max to not wear casual shoes otherwise I would not be let in.  Not sure if it was due to the crowd Aoki draws, but there were Converse and other hipster shoes galore in this place.  So we donned black leather loafers with our otherwise casual duds and ventured in.The different rooms (and sounds in each room) while they added to the place, seemed kind of cheaply done -- not as impressive as it sounds, that's for sure.  The outdoor patio was my favorite, with the spraypaint artists videos and whatevers.  The booths were like inflatable blow-up furniture though -- weird.The worst offense was the bar service.  Long waits on more than once occasion.  Bud Light and Corona are the only beers offered here.  Really?  I mean, really? I probably won't be coming back with the bad bar service and dress code (although non-existent when I was there), but E4 had the cojones to bring Steve Aoki to town -- upping a 2 star review to 3 stars.
2	Blah I am  not a fan this place. I have been here like four times and have never been impressed. The place is really cool looking inside, but most of the time the crowd is just weird. I don't get you e4, decide what you want to be? I think the room themes are almost working against this place.
1	It is closed.
2	Wait wait wait... this place is still open? No, seriously? Um. I'm confused. No, I mean like, in business? Operating? A manager? Employees? Hours of operation? Transact monies? Uhhhhh. You sure? Because when you define "Air" as a smoker's patio and "Earth" as weird alien shit on the walls and "Fire" as the burning of your ear drums and "Water" as a place to buy really expensive drinks that dehydrate you, I just can't really comprehend how our $30k millionaire ballers can afford to keep this place going, even in an economic environment that protects only their class. But that's why I'm a $20k impoverished sycophantic parasite on our society. No business sense. Two stars for the money they put into this place in the first place. And the elevator to the private VIP bullshit area. Classy. Retarded classiness.
1	My rating was going to be for E4 which is curently closed... I hope the owners read this and make some changes.  Through the grapevine I heard that one of the owners sold their liquor license (idiot thing to do for a nightclub in old town) and its now revamped as an 18+ club called afterlife... yay just what I always wanted.  A starbucks that you need to pay 20 dollar cover to walk around in.  Seriously... change it back.  I miss the old E4, it was my favorite chill spot and I would patronize it several times a week.  The bartenders were always awesome, the doorguys cool as can be and now... they have arcade games on the patio... FAIL!
2	A cluster of really small rooms.... it gets very stuffy when you dance.
1	The typical shitty, Scottsdale night club.  Somehow having numerous rooms is impressive to people.  But each room is full of douchebags.  Don't waste your time going.
1	Came here with a large group one night when a military friend was back in town. We came VIP. Service was horrible. We ordered rinks and 4 bottles and we had to go to the bar and ask for them.  We went walking around only to not be let in another VIP spot because the idiot who let us in forget to give us bracelet things. I am pretty sure the guys with me were the only straight ones in the bar that night. I saw WAY too many dudes kissing each other. We complained about our horrible treatment and we got offered a VIP pass for next time. What a JOKE! I will never come back here an hope no one else would ever go there either!
2	This is "Afterlife" now, not e4.  There's no alcohol or bar, other than snow cone bar.  They do have hookah.  There's a cover for guys and girls, and guys will be patted down by security before entering.  There are two levels, two dance floors and an outside patio.  This is NOT a typical "Scottsdale" club.....cuz its not a real nightclub.  It has a completely different crowd.  I've been here when it was e4, and been there recently since I'm in the industry, and I wouldn't recommended it for anyone over 21 or anyone who is looking for a classic or classy Scottsdale club.  The crowd has gotten kinda rough...as in ghetto.  Its packed with minors and thuggy, gangster wannabes.  It has more of a south central vibe, rather than a Scottsdale vibe.  But if you are into the "thug life", and want a more gangsta hip-hop, urban place....then you'll probably love it!  Just remember, there's no alcohol, and tons of minors with big attitudes!  I'm conflicted on how many stars to give it, because it is not in the same category as all the other Scottsdale clubs.  Its not a place I, or any of my friends like to go, but everyone likes different things,lol.  Its ghetto, but if that's your thing....then try it.  I'd hit up a promoter for a discount on the expensive cover first though!  And be prepared to be frisked at the door.  Oh, but the dj's are great....however, they have to cater to the crowd...so its hip-hop/rap.  Not the place to go for good house or electro.
