3	I recently discovered that this old lunch haunt had relocated to the Clark County Government Center.  (The old location was on Industrial Rd.)  I was so excited to find Expresso King again, and particularly at the thought of being reunited with the Granny Wrap, a chicken wrap with apples and other good stuff.  The location of the cafe is next to the "Pyramid Room" at the end of the building.  Basically, I parked in the guest parking lot, then walked NW in the main hallway, which is sort of curved.  It kinda reminded me of Dorothy following the yellow brick road.  But I digress.  After a 5 minute walk, I found the cafe at the end of the hallway/road.  Upon entering, I saw an empty podium to the right and immediately in front, cooks cooking food like at a diner.  There wasn't a sign or anything, so my co-workers and I stood there for about 10 minutes waiting to order with the cooks.  Well, come to realize that we needed to order at the cash registers first, which were to the far left of the door we entered in.  We literally stood there for 10-15 minutes.  The cooks didn't say anything, and there were two ladies and a guy near the cash registers.  It wasn't particularly busy, yet no one said anything to us, or even asked us if we needed help.     Finally, I think one of my co-workers noticed the cash registers.  We were then informed that we needed to both order and pay at the registers.  And the people at the registers made it seem like we were inconveniencing them by asking questions!  I suggested that a sign at the entrance would be helpful, especially if no one is at the podium.  The lady just gave me sort of an irritated look and didn't say anything.  After that was straightened out, we finally got our food.  The food was just as I remember it - delicious!  I had a wrap (not the Granny) and it was well seasoned and flavorful.  Everyone liked their food, but by the time we ordered and started eating, it had been over an hour and half.  We were not only starving but pressed for time.  While the food was good, we were rushed to eat and get back to work.  So I feel like the food was sullied by the bad service.  As for the Pyramid Room, it's essentially a giant cafeteria.  It's nice but I kind of felt like I was in high school again.  But there's also a beautiful outdoor amphitheater in the center of the building with benches and grass.  It seems like a nice place to have lunch in the spring or fall.My tip is to enter the cafe from the Pyramid Room; you'll hit the cash registers first (and therefore, likely avert the issue we had).  I like Espresso King, I really do.  They have weekly lunch specials (http://bepnv.com/site.php?ben_site=7) and are reasonably priced.  I'll probably try it one more time...it's just that I was so disappointed, especially when I recommended it to others.  I'm holding out hope that we caught them on a bad day.
4	To start, Espresso King Kafe is in the Clark County Goverment Center and not exactly easy to find.  It is back by the outdoor ampitheatre in the pyramid building.  The is a con of this place.  One other is the set up.  Painted above one end of the cafe is a sign that reads "Do Not Enter."  Yet this is precisely the area you have to order at.  It is, in fact, the other side that you enter from and see the menu at.  It is confusing.  At least it is to me.  A relative new comer to the establishment.I have only been here a couple times (2) and have ordered the same thing both times.  A BLT.  I love the thick cut bacon they use.  It is crispy.  It is chewy.  It is bacon.  I get it on toasted sour dough bread (as if there is another way).  It comes with tomato and lettuce (as implied by the name).  For $7.99 you get your sandwich, a bag of chips, and a small drink.  There might be some cheaper options out there for lunch but this is guaranteed fresh and it is something different.  That is a big mark in the pros column for me.  I am tired of the same ol' fast food places around my work.  Espresso King is a welcome break to the every day norm.  Another pro,from my initial impression, they have some good looking pizza including spaghetti pizza.  The only other place I have heard of serving that Frankenstine of deliciosity is Aces and Ales.  Sadly, I have not tried it at either place.  Yet.
2	As many note, this is located in the Clark Count Government building, way toward the back.  If you are in the middle of the building, follow the signs to dining.I was here for breakfast, and had the sausage, cheddar, and egg on an toasted everything bagel with breakfast potatoes.  The sandwich was large, and the egg was at least half of it.  The sausage was nice thick country sausage.  But, the bagel lacked the garlic and onion flavor an everything bagel typically has.  It was just average, maybe below given that it's an everything bagel and supposed to have those flavors.The breakfast potatoes were likewise a disappointment.  You get a TON of them, it filled up a large styrofoam container.  But, there was no seasoning on them.  They are served with onions and peppers, but they needed more.  It was about 85% potato.  Also, this meal, with a small fountain drink, was $11.  That's too high in my opinion, but I understand they probably pay a good amount in rent and are the only place to get food in the center, so you should expect to pay more than you would for the same meal at a stand alone restaurant.The service was very friendly, and I'll probably eat here again next time I'm at the government center.  But, I think I'll order something else.
