5	I love this stuff!  This location is brand new and it's really clean and they have really friendly people too.
5	I am not sure when this Rita's opened, but it was right around the beginning of July.First, if you haven't experienced a Rita's Italian Ice, you are in for a treat.  Rita's is an east coast company that has been expanding westward and from what I hear is headed overseas to China, India, and Aruba (courtesy of reading some magazine).Now, Italian Ice is not all they have.  Rita's has custards and all sorts of frozen delights.  A group of us went ranging from 9 to 45 and we all tried different ices, creams, drinks, and other delights.  We were in ice heaven!  Since my review is a little late in coming, I'll have to go to their website and give you the exact eats and drinks, so I'll be editing this entry.When we went there there they had plenty of friendly staff on hand, as well as one of the owners....Dru.  We were greeted w/ a smile, and Dru took the time to answer all sorts of questions from my family and me as we'd never been to a Rita's before, although I'd read about them before.  Dru took control of our group and made all sorts of recommendations.  My daughters loved the Swedish Fish italian ice, and it honestly tasted like eating that particular type of candy (albiet ice cold).  Too sweet for my taste, but the girls loved it!  Personally, I liked the coconut mixed in with a custard and whipped/blended into a drink.  YUMMY!Now, why isn't there one of these in SoCal????
5	This place is pretty awesome! They have great vanilla custard ice cream!! I got the mango Italian ice with vanilla custard ice cream and it was soooo good! I also tried their watermelon Italian ice and it was amazing! It had small pieces of frozen watermelon in it.
5	I grew up in the north east with Rita. I was really missing good ices when I moved out here but two Rita's locations have opened in the Phoenix area! I couldn't be happier about it in this dessert heat!I'm usually not much for chain/franchises but it doesn't matter here. No other places can complete with this! Get a gelati - layers of custard and italian ice and more custard. Lately I have just been sticking to the standard ice. The flavors change and there is never a time I'm disappointed. bonus for the Mill location, short walk off the lightrail. enjoy!
3	I am another fan of waterice and lived in Northeast Philly for much of my life where going Ritas is a way of life. However, I regret to say that I am a little disappointed with this location and write this review in the hopes that the management will read it and make some changes.I went on a Sunday and purchased a lemon Gelati. The custard is to DIE for and is 1,000x better then regular soft serve. If you never had this kind of frozen custard, it is 100% worth driving 100 miles to get it. You will never be able to go to Dairy Queen again. Unfortunately, however, the waterice was not great. I have experience making it commercially and can tell you that it was probably 72 hours old. It was frosted over and had big chunks in it. When it is fresh it is has a smooth consistency. Waterice is stored at 16 degrees F. and is neither frozen nor melted. That is one of the secrets to its great taste. It also presents a challenge from a business perspective requiring it to be made fresh daily. Rita's has a sign that says it is made fresh daily but it does not say each flavor is necessary made each day, only that something is made daily. By the looks of some of the flavors it was pretty clear that they were not made that morning.On slow days this may require throwing out some product at the end of the day but it is worth it. In some cases I have seen businesses use the product the following day and you can usually get away with it, if you super stirred it to keep it from hardening. The waterice I had, however, was over 24 hours old and was not great. :(My other complaint is that there were no soft pretzels. What's up with that Ritas!?I will definitely go back but I will sample the flavor I want first and ask if it was made that day.
4	yuummm-o this place reminds me of philly so much!! I was eating custard and Italian ice all day when i visited my aunts and cousins in the hot summer!  I like to opt for the semi-healthier version these days with just the Italian ice and got swedish fish taste like the real deal and is really good!
5	So excited that Rita's has finally come to the Valley!  I grew up on Rita's in PA and always thought it would be a hit in the Valley since we have year round fantastic weather!  The staff was extremely nice and were also excited when I told them I grew up with Rita's italian ice.  The mango gelati is still my favorite...yummy!
4	First off, the employee who helped me on my first visit was on fire with his explanations of custard and ices and combinations, etc. It made me more informed, but yet slightly more confused. Finally, I decided on the thing where you get ices on bottom of cup and custard in the middle and then another layer of ice and custard on the top. I really liked the ices better than the custard. I had coconut cream ices which were great and since the custard comes out of the machine, it won't be hard-packed, but taste more like soft serve. Still, quite refreshing.
4	After trying the Swedish Fish Italian ice at a Yelp event and loving it, I had to check out this business. I had a gelati, which is Italian ice layered with custard. I had the pumpkin pie flavor, and it was great! My SO had a fruity flavor of some sort and really liked it as well. Service was good too.I plan on checking it out again soon and trying more flavors.
3	What a cute little shop : )Positives: VERY Clean and bright. How can ice cream/custard or flavored ice be wrong? It can't be...it's super tasty and delicious.No negatives, I just wasn't wowed by anything.I'll be happy to stop in again, once it heats up in Arizona.  When that happens, I can see this place really taking off. Frozen flavored refreshing ice? Yes, please.
2	I'm just not feeling it.  I took my two girls for a treat.  The service was very friendly but the Italian Ice did nothing for me.  It didn't remind me at all of what I used to eat as a kid on the beach in New Jersey.  We were offered samples and tried - marshmallow peanut butter (tasted like air with little balls of peanut butter), pink lemonade (blech) and blue raspberry (boring!).  We were going to order something as we had the Entertainment Coupons.  One was for a free medium size ice and the other was buy one get one.  So for less then $3 we got 3 ices.  I ordered honeydew and then asked what the most popular flavor was.  I was told mango by the two employees.  So I had them top it with mango.  I didn't like the mango AT ALL.  Because it was layered though and I am now in my car I have to eat all of it to even get to the honeydew flavor I wanted.  What a disappointment.  It also was yucky.  Threw the rest of the cup away when I got home.  We won't be back.
4	Living on the East Coast, I always thought, "Ugh, why can't Rita's be open year round?". Then when we moved back to Arizona I thought, "Ugh, why can't I bring Rita's with me?". Low and behold...THERE"S NOW RITA'S IN ARIZONA AND IT'S OPEN ALL YEAR!!!! (I was seriously that excited. No joke.)I came to this location on the first day of Spring for the first time. Booyah, free water ice!!! (I've also figured out that I am the only person that I know that says "water ice") I wasn't aware that this location was as new as it is so I was expecting it to be packed at opening. I guess this was the first "First Day of Spring" this location has had so I was first in line. My first experience was okay but I didn't want to base my review off of that day...opened late, workers not super friendly (hungover maybe?), water ice not completely stocked. Rita's did not bring their A-game on this visit. But it was free and it was good.I came for the second time a few days later. Even less flavors on this trip. There was a girl training and she was the nicest out of the bunch. Service, not including the new girl, was about the same. I used to have a boss that said that if "Rita's" was on an applicants resume, she would interview them because they always have the best service. Standards for Rita's must be higher in Philadelphia. Just sayin',I love Rita's so much that I am willing to look bast the sub-par service and lack of flavors and give this location 4 stars anyway. I will go out of my way to keep coming back.Oh, and another thing...they now have these virtual punch cards. It's a nice concept, I guess, but with the paper cards you used to get one punch per item that you bought. Now no matter how much you purchase, you only get one punch per visit. Dumb.
5	What a find! My husband had the blueberry and I the red velvet both delicious and best of all the customer service is exceptional! Ask for the Ice-man, a charismatic good guy.
5	Amazing! The custard with the berry is to die for! I just saw this location on Mill and am so excited! The other location was so far away in phoenix so we never went. Now it might become a weekly activity! Nom nom nom
5	Mango and cherry gelati was the best the servers were very helpful in giving us advice as to which combinations were good.
3	I have only had the Italian ice and find it refreshing. They are made from real ingredients. I often find little pieces of the berry or fruit in the ice. The staff has always been friendly and quick with a sample to held decide which one is just right. It is conveniently located right on Mill Ave, perfect for a treat while walking this popular Tempe street.If you like Italian ice, this place is probably great. But, I am more of an ice creme man. I will have to try the custard and see if that may justify more stars.
5	This place is so fun! When my husband and I were looking for a sweet treat on Mill Ave one night we stumbled upon Rita's...and we were pleasantly surprised. They have an interesting and great mix of Italian ice and old fashioned custard ice creams that you can blend together and create interesting flavors. I had the dolce de leche Italian ice with the chocolate & vanilla swirl custard; It tasted like a caramel sundae! My husband had the mango/orange Italian ice with the vanilla custard (think orange creamsicle), this was refreshing and nostalgic all at the same time. Rita's is a great little ice cream shop with a twist, I would highly recommend it!!!
4	Alright fuck it...it's delicious.
5	I am NOT a fan of ice cream, so when a friend dragged me here and told me to order the Gelati, I was very skeptical.  I followed her recommendation and got the Gelati with strawberry Italian ice and vanilla custard and was blown away by how delicious it was!  The difference in textures/richness/taste between the Italian ice and custard is really interesting--they compliment each other perfectly!  I will be back for sure.  Great treat for a hot day!
5	I am originally from South Jersey and we have these all over. And when we moved here I was so sad that I wouldn't be able to eat it in the summer. But then I made day trip with my family to Phoenix and found this place! I was soooooo happy! I had no idea how I was gonna make it without my Rita's Water Ice. We love this place so much that we plan day trips around coming to this place. It's a family tradition that I don't have to break because he had one enough (2 hrs) to go to :)
4	i had the pina colada ice with custard was so good will come here again
5	Everytime I come to one of these places, the staff are over the top great. That alone is a plus. Now the important part...EVERYTHING IS GREAT!And they change the flavors daily so your forced to try different combinations. Great idea
5	Rita's reminds me of my visits to New York and New Jersey. I love frozen custard. This location has been around for some time but I barely discovered them about a month ago! Now I don't have to wait til I visit Jersey or New York again to have Rita's. The staff is very friendly and informative. They will let you try flavors until you are sure of your choice! Also ordered a pretzel at my last visit with my ice and I was very pleased. I believe they are even open late til 10pm or so. I will update this review when I confirm their hours.
3	We've been here a couple of times now & tried a few different items... the gelati, the blendini, & italian ice by itself, & the misto, etc. I think going forward, I'm going to have to stick to getting the italian ice by itself because the custard gets heavy; I made the mistake of getting the custard by itself once as a sundae, and while tasty, it was way too creamy & I wasn't able to eat more than a fourth of it. Even in the gelati, I thought it was too much. My favorite flavor of the italian ice thus far has been the mango and the blueberry is pretty good as well. Sign up for their birthday club & you get a free italian ice!
5	So good! The gelati is amazing, especially with Pink Starburst Italian ice. The custard is super creamy and the ice is smooth and rich. The proportions of the gelati are perfect. I wish we lived closer!
5	I already have an addiction to the Rita's location near me- tbh it's not even near me ... it's 9 miles away and I drive to Rita's because it's that good. After dining on Mill, I just had to make a quick visit to Rita's.The staff here is so great, generous samples in little paper cups and encourage sampling. They also seemed to be training a few people, but that didn't affect the great service at all. A gal helped recommend a suggestion since I zoned in on the Green Apple flavor and told me to get the Green Apple with Vanilla Custard Gelati with Caramel drizzle on top for a Caramel Apple kind of Gelati. Absolutely sold!It was amazing! Tart, green apple flavor with the creamy Vanilla custard was good enough on it's on and the Caramel on top was like a cherry on top- more like what it literally was ... Caramel, but you get my drift. Thank you so much!And to top it off even more, upon paying she gave me a little sample size bag of Jelly Belly jelly beans ... too sweet. No pun intended- maybe just a little.Great staff, great recommendation and great location!
4	While exploring the downtown Tempe area, I discovered Rita's Ice. I had seen some yelp ads for it and heard some buzz about it online. I know it's a chain but I decided to give it a try since I was craving something sweet. The staff there were very welcoming and patient when it came to helping us choose flavors. They could tell it was our first time at a Rita's so they explained the concept and the popular menu items. They literally let us sample every ice flavor and gave us flavor recommendations. Of all the flavors we tried, I really enjoyed the Mango, Horchata, and Red Sour Patch kid. I ended up getting the Horchata and I must say, it really hit the spot. It wasn't overly sweet and was not too "melty" without giving me brain freeze the second I had a bite. I got the kid sized cup which was the perfect amount. I think I will go with the gelati if I ever go back to a Rita's. Custard and ice? This obviously sounds like a delicious combination. I do want to note that the place itself is super clean, and I have to make another note about the staff. They were warm and personable and made the experience really enjoyable. For a chain, this place really felt like your neighborhood dessert place. I would recommend stopping here on a a warm summer night..or I guess if you live in the Tempe area...any night...after a meal for the perfect dessert fix.
5	Being from PA, the only thing I missed (other than sheetz) was Rita's as I attended school in AZ. I am so happy that I can find happiness just a few blocks from my door at Rita's. I always get the same thing Mint Oreo Gelati with Vanilla custard. The staff is so incredibly friendly are always eager to let me sample new flavors! They have even catered events I have thrown and everyone loves Ritas!
5	I absolutely LOVE Rita's. Is my ultimate favorite dessert spot. The workers are always in such good moods and you can tell they really enjoy working there. Then again, who wouldn't!?
5	a great place to eat. The tiramisu here is probably the best i have ever eaten. And the service is delightful too. Not many savoury choices for veggies but still, the sweets make up for it.
5	Their chocolate gelato is the closest thing to gelato in Italy that I've tasted in the U.S! Excellent cannoli as well.
5	The ice cream here is tasted excellent and each ball is too big. But Outstanding is the complete sales room. This is wonderfully made retro. Even the modern cash register is hidden behind an old wooden box. For example, the US must have felt and tasted in the 50s. Be sure to go.
