4	I love this place. It's a stone's throw from my house and if the weather is good I can walk there. I've been coming to this place for over 2 years. I did deviate and go to VooDoo Nail Salon, but they have closed down...and I went back to Nail 8000.I love getting pedicures only from here - they do this callus removal thing that makes me want to weep because it's so good. The girls try to be conversational and friendly, but ya know...sometimes I don't want that.The leg massages are great because they promise a set time (think it's 10-15 minutes) of a leg massage and they don't skimp on it, either. They've ruined it for me for other places with leg massages.They do tend to try and push nail art on your toes, but I have to be in the mood for that! The pedicure I choose is usually $28 and after time spent in India, I cringe at the price...but the leg massage...*drools* The girls do try and talk to you during your leg massafe and sometimes I feel a bit anti-social because I just want to take a quick nap, but I chat anyway because they are such sweethearts that I can't help *but* talk. :)I still get my  nails done at The Pampered Pinkie! :)Nail polish selection could be better, but it's ok, I've got over 100 bottles to choose from back at the house so it's not like I'm going to be starved for a color!FYI - They don't like it if you add tips on with your credit card - they prefer cash for that.
5	I went here today with three friends to get pedicures to celebrate being finished with our first year of grad school (Woot!). This place was wonderful! The girls who work there were very accommodating, when I called to make our appointments they said there were only 3 people working, when I said I would call them back, she promptly said it would be no problem and that they would make it happen, and they did. It was probably the best pedicure I've ever had. They have 4 different levels of pedicures and I got the level 2 which was 23$. It included a foot scrub, all the normal pedicure stuff, sugar scrub, hot towels, 10 minute massage with oils (which was awesome), and for an extra 7$ the person who was doing my nails (Amy) did a beautiful design on both of my big toes including a gem on each and some sparkle polish along the edges of each toenail. It is so pretty! I will definitely return to this place, it far exceeded my expectations.
5	I have been going to this place for years. While I have tried numerous other salons closer to my job in South Chandler, closer to my hair salon in Scottsdale, or even in the same neighborhood as this place & my home, I keep coming back, hence my 5 star rating. Even Dolce's pedis & gel manis don't amount to Nails 8000 in quality (& 2x the price). Keep in mind - while very nice, Ti the mgr is a stickler for cash tips. She's also the best for fake nails (not pedis). I wouldn't regularly see them for my waxing, but Ti is good in a pinch. The gel man is last a strong 3 weeks. The $28 pedi includes hot stone massage. Do it and tip these lovely Vietnamese women well!
5	This place was unbelievable! Staff is incredibly friendly and probably one of je best pedicures I've ever had!
5	Clean, friendly and quality work.  Happy wife, makes me happy.  I'd definitely recommend this place.  Make sure to bring cash for a tip.
1	Stopped in for mani/pedi while visiting Phoenix. The experience is full of frantic upselling and side glances from the technicians. My nails were filed into an odd shape and the polish chipped the same day. The polish selection is small and some bottles appear thinned out. I was incredibly disappointed.
4	I just got my nails done here about an hour ago and I absolutely love my results. The lady who did my nails made sure that they were thin and a square-round shape and every other salon I have been to has not done as well as this place.Definitely a place to check out.
1	Went in today with my mom for a pedicure.  Both of us asked for the callus removal - knowing it was going to cost extra for this service.  The lady doing my pedi scrubbed my feet with the pumice stone but never brought out the metal callus removal tool.  My favorite part of a massage is the callus removal, I am pretty crazy about soft feet.  Twice I asked her if she heard me say I wanted the callus removal and she said yes.  As she was getting ready to start painting my nails I clarified again - and she said she had already done the callus removal with the pumice.  I asked if she would use the metal tool and she said no, they were the same thing.  I said in the past I had the other tool, pointed to it, and explained that I really liked it.  She said "the stone was new" and just the same. In the mean time my mom had both the pumice stone and the other metal tool used.  The two ladies sitting next to her who also asked for calls removal also had both tools used.  I've gone to this salon before and not requested the callus removal and at the bare minimum the pumice was used, always at no extra charge.  I didn't even no how to argue with her at this point since I had asked/clarified so many times. After a long summer in flip flops I really needed this service done.  I've had mediocre service at this salon before and won't be returning in the future, even though it's only a half a mile from my house.  They did a good job putting the nail polish on, but let's be honest I could do that at home.  I don't pay for a pedicure just I get nail polish put on.
1	I have only been here once and they gave me an excellent pedicure but my waxing was horrible!I got my eyebrows waxed and not only did the lady wax one of my eyebrows twice she insulted me and told me I had bad skin and was breaking out. Not exactly the confidence booster I was expecting to get from a spa. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone
5	This place is great! The staff does a phenomenal job, very fun and energetic atmosphere. Tam is by far my favorite of the ladies that work there, always happy and thorough in her work! Highly recommend this establishment!
1	Not a good nail salon.  Staff talk Vietnamese to each other and not sure if they are talking about customers.  Quality of work very poor - manicures don't last and some of the staff doesn't know how to shape nails properly.  Got nail infection last visit - will never return.
5	*** I love this place! ***I have been going to Nails 8000 for about 10 years. They are all very friendly, genuine, and never rude. Tam does an awesome pedicure! Tina always takes such great care of my nails, they are amazing. Tee and V are great as well, they truly do a great job of making you feel comfortable, relaxed and welcome. The prices are very resonable, and I know they count on tips so with the prices low it's easy to give 25-30% tip and not break the bank. They are revamping the nail polish/acrylic nail displays-Kudos for listening to customer suggestions!
5	This is an awesome salon! I'm a very picky girl when it comes to my nails and eyebrows, and hardly ever find a good salon. From the moment I called to ask a few questions from the moment I left was absolutely phenomenal. These people know how to treat a customer. They truly understand the definition of customer service. I walked in and was immediately greeted with a friendly face, they asked how they could help today and placed me at a station. They offered what type of beverage they could get for me, and lee would be with me in a few moments. As I was waiting for lee, the guy that welcomed me took a few minutes to remove the old polish on my nails so that when lee sat down she could get started right away. This is a perfect example of the staff respecting my time as I hate waiting anywhere. Lee sat down right after my nail Polish was removed, created friendly conversation and went to work and did a fantastic job. One thing I really liked about lee was that she offered some really great ideas for designs as well. By the end of my nails being done, they used a warm towel on my arms and hands with a quick massage-I've never had anyone do this and it was wonderful. Right before I left I had my eyebrows done at $8 which is a great price and she also did a great job. I appreciated seeing technicians with gloves and autoclave sterile devices to put my mind at ease with all the bacteria they could be around. They gave me 10%off as a new customer and I was outta there within an hour with a full gel set and eyebrow wax with a big smile on my face. That truly was a relaxing and great experience and can't wait to go back. Keep it up nails 8000. As for any bad reviews on here that May have you questioning whether to go or not, it's hard for me to imagine the experience they had because mine was so wonderful. Very happy customer and will be back.
5	Just moved here from California and have been looking for a nail shop and it took over 2 months before I found this place which was recommended by a coworker. And I must say the customer service and the great focus on detail for color and design is amazing! Will be my new regular mail shop from now on. Thanks ladies!!!
2	I've been here a few times now with some friends and I'm unsure if I like it or not. I do think they do a good job with my toes and nails, but the place is a bit dirty and not properly kept. There isn't a cash register. All the money is kept in one of the techs drawers. It's just loose money. Every time cash is needed, the owner has to go there and even if she has a client, he was to stop the service to get change. The tools they use for pedicure is a bit odd. Magazine papers below your feet if you're getting a special pedicure. Small cut up pool noodle to prop feet up while they scrub. (and I'm pretty sure this is what it is), A zester (like the one you use to zest lemons) as a foot scrubber for callus. Not sure how 'to-code' that is.
5	Good customer service and friendly atmosphere! Great pedi for $23!! If I'm in the area again, I would definitely stop by!!
5	My sister and I always go here as did my father when he was alive.  They are always polite and remember our names.  I've taken others as well and they enjoyed it!!
