4	I've been here twice, and it has such a sleek look and great lighting that it's kind of impressive at first glance.Great waiters and a very nice selection of specialty dishes and Sushi ( Ngiri and Roll ) My favorite was the Tuna Poki salad.  Tuna Poki is always a ME pleaser.  If you've never had it....it's chunks of Tuna Sashimi served on top of seaweed, usually in a sesame or ponzu dressing.  I do like it best when it's served the way they do it at Fukuda which is a salad style. Yum-eeeee!It also has a Teppanyaki grill which makes it more of a family atmosphere.  So, not a recommendation for a quiet date night, but swell for a group of friends and maybe first time sushi eaters.
3	I went to Fukuda, funnily enough, with Mr. Damon!  It was good enough, only the service was pretty slow and not very attentive to what we actually asked for.I have to be in the 'mood' to get sushi, so I ended up getting a teriyaki/tempura combination.  The teriyaki chicken was charred a bit too much, but the tempura and everything accompanying it was delicious.  The Teppanyaki grill looked fun, onion volcanos and all.  Our friend Rainbow roll looked fresh and was huge, so that bodes well.I'd give this place another try and see if the service amps up and probably check out their sushi options.
1	Fukuda is the reason people say, "I don't like sushi". It is the reason people don't want to try new things. It's why dogs don't like cats. OK... I take the last one back. But it was pretty bad.We went during lunch there were maybe 5 tables occupied, we waited for 5 minutes before our drink orders were taken.  Then we waited another 5 minutes for 2 other people to come and re take our drink orders.  Fukuda claims to be a Japanese bistro so I went with the tonkatsu box ( a pretty standard Japanese dish) Just a breaded deep fried pork cutlet and a type of Japanese Worcestershire sauce appropriately called tonkatsu sauce.  20 minutes later I was served cold tonkatsu  with  a cap full of tonkatsu sauce, (that tasted more like Vons brand bbq sauce ), a brownish salad that had seen  better days, 3 California rolls  made with a  substance that was supposed to resemble fake crab,  and 3 pieces of tempura (onion , yam, shrimp).  The yam was delicious.  The two people with me also ordered boxes one salmon box and one tonkatsu box. Friend with the salmon box actually enjoyed his salmon. We also ordered a spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll and a tiger rolls, at the lunch special price of $7.95 a piece. They were mediocre at best. After 5 minutes of trying to flag our server we were treated with beverage refills ( for the first time) and our  $56 dollar check.    half a star for atmosphere and   half a star being consistently terrible in all areas.
1	On arrival we were told it would be 30 minutes before seats would be available, but the same meal could be prepared for us in the kitchen. We opted for this alternative rather than wait which turned out to be a big, big mistake. We started out with the edamame appetizer. This represented our first and last experience with boiled salted soybeans - totally tasteless. My wife chose the halibut dinner while I requested chicken. She received two decent sized pieces of fish, but each was overdone. My chicken, cut into  inch cubes, was dry. Each entree included miso soup, noodles, veggies, rice and salad. The soup was hot, but everything else was  served cold. Service was affable, but slow.
1	Ehh...We decided to try this local sushi/teppenyaki place for a friend's birthday. HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE service!Different items were given at random times. The bento boxes came first, and all of the raw sushi (which doesn't require MUCH preparation!) came last...I seriously waited for more than an HOUR for my nigiri! It wasn't even a busy Thursday night! I noticed that the sushi chef was just serving those at the sushi bar, and the waitress didn't even try to bug the chef to hurry it up! I was the last one to receive my food! The food wasn't even that great either! The salmon nigiri was kind of slimy, and the spicy tuna was just alright; The rolls were seriously not worth the wait! The waitress tried to be nice later, after I told her that it took TOO long, and she gave us 4 bowls of green tea ice cream on the house....didn't really win me over...I still feel that I should have been comped for it...We ended up staying at this crappy restaurant for almost 2 1/2 hours! I will never go here again! Please save yourself the trouble, and go somewhere that you know will have GOOD sushi (even if you have to drive far!)!
4	I was hungry and my eyes had grown glossy from starvation.  We had been driving in search of a particular restaurant, only to find out it had closed down.  I was hungry.  We drove past Fukuda and decided to give it a go.  The waiter mentioned they had just started offering an All-You-Can-Eat Sushi option ($19.95/lunch or $25.95/dinner) the day before.  Did I mention I was starving?  After a quick peek of the menu, I was easily sold.It was slow when we walked in for an early dinner, and we were the only ones seated at the sushi bar.  After a slow start, our sushi chef (Steve) kept our plates filled.  What makes Fukuda a bit unique about their all-you-can-eat is that they offer sashimi!  Yes, it's one of those things you can only order once and so we did.  They offer Spicy Tuna Sashimi, Spicy Albacore Sashimi, and Spicy Salmon Sashimi.  What makes it spicy is the thinly sliced jalapenos, a dot of Sriracha sauce, and one other sauce they put on top of it.  Amaebi is also the one other thing that is a one time only, and it comes with the deep-fried heads too.Appetizers we indulged in included the Baked Green Mussels, Shrimp Tempura and Soft Shell Crab (we got three orders!).  For nigiri, we had their Super White Tuna, Hotate, Masago with Uzura, Ikura, Saba, and Hamachi.  The Big F had two of their Salmon Skin Hand Rolls because Steve made their so enticingly good.  I made the mistake of getting the Lobster Roll.  I misunderstood and that it wasn't baked, but it was.  In the description, it's listed as "Shrimp Tempura, avocado, cucumber and lobster on top."  However, it was filled with that crab mixture that I despise.  So blah on that one.  Other interestingly named rolls that we didn't get to try include Ugly Roll, Red Rock Roll, Green Valley Roll, and Dancing Eel.  There are a bunch of other rolls not included in the all-you-can-eat, including I Love Your Ass Roll, Monkey Brain Roll, and Flying Dragon Roll.For dessert, choices include green tea or vanilla ice cream and mochi ice cream in Kona, mango, green tea, and strawberry.  The Big F really liked their Kona mochi, while I tried their mango, green tea, and strawberry.  The green tea one was a bit old, and I had to tell the waiter about it.  He apologized about it, and it really was no big deal.Service was okay.  With us sitting at the sushi bar, we got our food pretty quickly.  They were good about clearing our plates and making sure the Big F's soda was refilled.  However, I had to ask the waitress to refill my tea cup every single time (four times).  I should have just asked for my own pot.Fukuda is a pretty large restaurant with teppanyaki available should you so desire.  Apparently, many of their customers were asking about all-you-can-eat, so that's why they added it to their menu.  They also have a full bar available too.  Nonetheless, we were impressed because they offered sashimi and soft shell crab appetizer.  Let's see how long it lasts!Update! 09.13.08 - The Big F called to ask something about their All-You-Can-Eat Sushi special and they discontinued it as of a couple of days ago!  Haha!  We knew it wouldn't last long!
5	SIMPLY AMAZING! Best sushi in town. Dropped by with a friend to eat dinner. Arrived around 8pm, was seated right away and had our appetizers in no time. The service was quick and very friendly, enjoyed talking to the owner and waitresses, awesome people. We ate the Teppanyaki and also ordered some sushi. THE SUSHI basically melts in your mouth! Been to many sushi places, but this place uses only high quality sushi. Literally as soon as it hits the top of your mouth, it instantly melts into deliciousness!. Between two people the price was very reasonably cheap. We enjoy this restaurant everytime we're in Vegas. Definitely worth the 20 minute drive from the strip. Premium Sushi and Teppanyaki. Coming back again for sure!!!
3	This place is OK , I will revisit and hopefully increase the rating. The decor is a mix between traditional Japanese and modern art. The service was good, very attentive staff. It was not busy while we were there, but it was just starting to pick up. They offer Teppanyaki and regular seating which is nice. However the regular seating tables are a little close together. We ordered sushi rolls, the fish was fresh and the flavors were balanced well. Were it not for the fact that the rice was under cooked it would have been the best sushi I've had in this state lately. I will try them again another day, hopefully it will be a redeeming experience.     :-)
5	The service is exceptional. There was a South American teppan chef that was very nice and generous. I had the calamari and it was sooo fresh and tasty. He gave us nice shrimp appetizer that I was surprised came with. The teppan is unique because they serve noodles. The rice came last after the food, which was nice because I hate filling up on rice before the main entree. But, the rice is definitely the best part of a teppan experience. I got too full by the time the rice came out and felt guilty not even touching it.We went during happy hour and everything was reasonably priced. I ordered a shrimp tempura sushi and it cost $7, but it was a large well presented roll that tasted fresh and perfect. We were tempted to go for the all you can eat, but we held that off as Ricky wanted the happy hour teppan. It ended up costing us less. We are on a budget so we needed to by mindful of what we ordered even if we were treating ourselves. All in all I would definitely come back.
3	For many years, one of our favorite teppan and sushi restaurant spots in Vegas. The food was fresh, delicious and yummy. There is however one negative aspect; gift cards for fukuda.I bought my Brother and his wife a gift card to fukuda for $75.00 for the holiday season. They ate there not long after and spent around 35 dollars(neither of them drinkers, which increases your bill dramatically).They were then informed that fukuda does not give the remaining balance as cash, nor do they issue another card with the balance. They contested, but fukuda was not budging on this "policy." I guess they needed the money, to pay for their "recession lunch special" sign. Well, I still love the food served there,  that experience left a bad taste in my mouth. Pun intended.
2	Nothing special here. Food was acceptable, but nothing memorable service was Ok.
3	It has great service and a very nice atmosphere and they waited on us very quickly and came by often to meet our needs! The chef came by to make us our food, everything was great ! I ordered the salmon with the salad, soup noddles, & veggies on the side.. But the salmon was  not quite pleasant!!!  It had a very fishy taste!! It was not what I expected from a But overall The Teppanyaki grill looked fun, with the onion volcano's and the veggie chopping!! I would go again next time I'm in town to try something else on their menu.. Anyhow I had a good time, I would recommend it to anyone!!
3	The sushi sucks here.  It's expensive and small portions for fishy tasty rolls.TOtally not worth it.  Don't go there for sushi!  They couldn't even cut the pieces of hamachi consistently.  The only thing this place is good for is their hibachi recession special.It's pretty good deal and you get a show.  The guys who do the grillreally put on a show and it was fun.  The food is hibachi same flavor andsauce whether you go to benihana or here.I got the steak and shrimp.  The steak was melt in my mouth good and the shrimp was good.The scallops were bleh.Mahi Mahi was ok but, I'm a steak eater.  Go after 8PM for their recession special hibachi.  It's the only thing that worth going for
3	I can only give this place a 3 stars and would give 2 and 1/2 if the system would let me and here's why.  I have been there 4 times and eaten 3 times.  The food is awesome!   They have fantastic sushi and hibachi.  The hibachi grill itself if very entertaining as the chefs are very skilled and add humor and a show to preparing your food.       So what's the problem, the overall service is spotty. The last time I ate there was about an hour before they closed. When 10 o'clock hit, and clearly my wife, friends, and I were still eating,  the waitress came up to us and asked if we needed a to-go box.  Then when we told her that we were still eating, she and others in the restaurants hovered over us and eagle eyed us until we felt uncomfortable enough to get the hell out.     My last attempt to eat there was about a month ago.   When we entered the restaurant, there were several people waiting up front waiting for a table.  We waited for 15 minutes and staff would walk up to the front, but never acknowleged us being there to put us on the list. While waiting another couple before us got pissed off and left, due to the same experience.  During the same time another family came through the door behind us and some one from the restaurant finally came to the front and put them on the list before us, even though we had been there at least 10 minutes before them.   We finally left too.  It's a shame!  This restaurant's food is great, but they need to work on their customer service.  If they did that I would give them 5 stars, but they rely too heavily on their food to draw business.  However, intermediate/intermittant service in my opinion will chase customers away regardless how good the food is.  I will attempt to go back one more time some point in the future.  That will be the tie breaker to my visits and determine if I continue to go to this nearby restaurant.
3	I have to admit that the fish quality, especially the ebi, has gone down a bit since the last time, but to be honest, I have noticed this in many other sushi restaurants. IT seems the ebi is flat and not full, so maybe it is just what the wholesaler are delivering. The Tuna and the salmon was melt in your mouth, like butter.
4	Good food nice environment and great location what more do you want...
5	Tried Fukuda last night for dinner after a trip to the Galleria Mall before we hit the movie theater and we were both extremely impressed with our sushi.  We sat at the sushi bar, so we didn't have any issues with service.  Seems like were were arrived just before the Saturday night rush as well.We split three rolls: Rainbow, Hold 'Em & Surf N Turf.  The salmon, tuna & shrimp on the Rainbow & Hold 'Em rolls melted in our mouths! So delicious.  The Surf N Turf was certainly unexpected - filet topped a roll stuffed with crabmeat with a little bit of a spicy kick - AH-MAZE-ING.Total bill, including two large Sapporos: $46.  We would've stayed and taken part in their AYCE deal ($26 for an hour of ordering, includes all their specialty rolls) if we would've known the movie we were going to was going to suck as much as it did.Hands down, my favorite sushi - so far - in Las Vegas.  Other than The Social House at TI, which is no longer in that location, I have yet to be so impressed with sushi.  I'm dreaming of our next visit already.
2	Ehhhhh.  I went here with my husband twice, and both times we were less than impressed with everything, especially for the price.  Good thing I've gotten out of it was the flavored wines.  Plum wine = awesome.  They often use krab, and there is a roll on the AYCE menu with filet mignon on top...that doesn't come with filet mignon.  Their jalapeno dish...I can't recall the name, but it is absolutely spicy.  left had side of the menu, something along the name of firecracker maybe...it was spicy.  Had a few of the other rolls and they were all average...nothing was "Oh, I gotta go HERE for this roll!" flavored.Overall, I think I'm just spoiled with my favorite sushi place.
3	Review is just for the AYCE menu.  Good selection, they even have sashimi.  But tuna is frozen tuna.  Salmon was excellent.  Went there twice in one week and both times,(someone else's choice). they were out of uni. Service is great and the hibachi meals look great!
5	Good service, friendly staff and fresh fish. just the right amount of rice on their rolls. A Business name change coming  this fall.
4	Great chefs and good food. The Mexican roll for an appetizer. Then we move on to the feast. Which is the tempenyaki or however it is spelt. Lots of food and the chef bruce lee yes that's right. Was amazing best fried rice ever and the angus strip wow very tender. Like all the other reviews state after 8 you will be saving a lot of money around $10 off. The shrimp and scallops were insanely tender and seemed to melt in your mouth cooked to perfection. Check this place out. It will be named "The Samurai" in a month or two but the same quality and persons should be expected.
4	Anytime I can get all you can eat sushi, I'm a happy camper! The service here was excellent and for $27 AYCE sushi the pricing isn't bad either. However, this place is getting a 4 because the sushi could have been better. Although the ambiance at Blue Fin isn't as nice as Fukuda, the freshness of the fish and the flavors of the specialty rolls were much better.
5	New name... Samurai Steakhouse and Sushi. Wonderful!  Best "all you can eat" I've had in town - 26.99.  Fresh, flavorful, and beautiful presentation. Lover Wrap, love roll, orange crush, Samurai surf and turf. Just great quality and taste!!
1	Horrible service and atmosphere. The quality of food has also gone down since the change of ownership. The only good thing was the chef, Gio. Unfortunately it was his last night so we will not be returning. Also, even though its a Japanese restaurant with old samurai decor, its now owned by Koreans so theres loud Korean pop music playing that confuses me.
3	This place is definitively open! They have 50% off their basic sushi rolls, nigiri and a few others. The sushi has good days and bad days depending on the sushi chefs. The teppanyaki is pretty good, the chefs are cool.
