3	If fresh hand-pulled noodles is your thing, then you'll like this place -- so long as you are OK with ordering noodles with beef, scallions, and cilantro in broth.  That's all they have.  Your choices are small, medium, or large bowls of soup; spicy or not spicy.  That's it.  In fact, the only reason I haven't rated this restaurant higher is because the choices are so limited.  That, and the fact that it is small and cramped, which is not helped by the fact that there is a busy escalator in the middle of the place leading downstairs to a grocery store.But that said, the noodles and soup are excellent.  A medium bowl is sufficient for most adult human beings.  In fact, my wife couldn't finish hers.  My tween daughter did just fine with the small.  The place is clean and new-ish looking, contemporary if undistinguished in design.  The picture windows in the front give a good view from the street of the noodle chef thwacking and twisting the noodle dough before stringing it into noodles.  I wouldn't call this a destination restaurant, but for a quick and tasty bowl of noodles, it will do just fine.
5	How can this place be anything less then 5.They hand pull the noodles in the window all day long and drop straight into the bath for consumption. Your options are spicy or normal. One of 6 different noodles. One if three different sizes. Period. That's all you need,trust me.I ordered the medium, spicy and normal noodles. Chewy, flavorful, slightly spicy goodness. Yes goodness.In from NYC and stopped by with my wife. Would go back again in a heartbeat.Hummmmmmm chewy goodness.
5	Excellent soup, yes there is only one choice "beef broth" but who needs more. Their small size is pretty generous. We went with our 6 years old son and were a little worried about the lack of options but to our surprise he liked it so much he said "I wish I could swim in this soup" followed by " can we come back here next time we come to Canada?". I ordered their noodles in their smallest version, my husband ordered their recommended size (medium), I will stick with the smaller version, they are just more fun to eat!!!
5	very delicious food and there are so many beef in it
4	Handmade noodles in a wonderful beef broth. Sliced beef shanks on top with scallions.Ordering is simple, first you choose what size bowl you want. I was famished and went with the large. Be warned, I highly recommend that you stick to the medium because the large size was gigantic. You can also choose what thickness you want your noodles to be.There are a few appetizer options: spicy cucumber, pickled cabbage, marinated eggs.I went with the spicy cucumber since it was hot outside and wanted to whet my appetite even more.It reminded me of my travels in Asia where I would walk into a small noodle shack and sit down at the bar and watch the chef make the food in front of me.Simple, honest and great noodles. What more does a hungry man need?
1	I just order one soup for take out....it's over price,and the beef was not fresh...and the soup taste nothing....I think I like Vietnamese pho more than Lanzhou noodle..sorry...
4	After watching them make noodles in the window earlier in the day, we had dinner here last night. Upon being seated, the waiter said they have one thing; three sizes and spicy or not.  Good thing we were looking for that one thing!  We both ordered the small, which is a good portion size, and some appetizers.  The apps, the mushrooms and eggs were good.  Soon after, we were brought two piping hot bowls of delicious noodle soup.  The broth was quite good, and the beef, contrary to one of the Yelp reviews, was just fine.  (This isn't fine dining.)  The noodles and overall spicing and flavor was excellent.  It was perfect for what we wanted for dinner.  I would recommend it if you are looking for a great bowl of soup.
5	It was fantastic!   The beef soup is sooo good and they have very fresh handmade noodles . I like it sooo much. I'll recommand it to my friends for sure!
5	Amazing soup. Fresh hand made noodles.  it was perfect.
