5	Tea at the St. James is fantastic.  The decor is unbelievable.  (I've had tea at the Queen Elizabeth hotel too, and it was OK, but served in the lobby, and I didn't give it high marks).My wife and I had tea here, and although expensive - was up there on the scale of wow.  If you are in Montreal and you want to have a little romance with your significant other - grab tea at the St. James.  They sat us at a window table with huge wingback chairs that dwarfed us.  Then they started with a glass of wine, and then began tea.  Tea here is very traditional, including sandwiches, scones, etc. and you get stuffed.  I know it sounds bit un-man-ly, but I love having tea ever since my wife gave up the secret of the food.If you are going to do tea in Montreal and you want the total experience, this is the only place to go.  Suck it - Queen E!
5	In the luxurious Le St. James Hotel is a one stellar bar: the XO. First of all the room is the height of old-school luxury: columns, mouldings, height, drama, rich finishes. All of this is bathed in a combination of fixed incandescent light (subdued) and LED lighting that slowly cycles through jewel tones.The bartenders are calm and expert. They are also most hospitable and kind with no aloofness from working in such a rarified atmosphere. Observing their technique makes the drinks taste even better. They make all of the classics plus some special St. James drinks. They will make any drink exactly to your specifications.The bar food menu has some great items. The Montreal "Smoked Meat" Sandwich with fries is not to be missed. It may be the best pastrami sandwich ever. For dessert, consider the strawberry dessert, which features fresh Quebec strawberries, strawberry gel, strawberry paper, maple crumbles, hazelnut ice cream and stracciatella cream (wow!!).For an after dinner drink, try "Neige" which is a local apple ice wine aged three years. It is an utterly complex nectar.The XO Bar is not inexpensive, but if you order carefully, you can experience a bit of luxury without pretense for a reasonable tab.
5	If Michelin cared about Montreal, Xo would easily earn 1 Michelin star.  Chef Michelle Mercuri has designed a menu that tantalizes that palate and makes you want more... until the next course comes and continues the experience.I went with the 6 course tasting menu, which really was a bit more than that:- No amuse bouche, surprisingly- Snow crab salad with coriander foam, white wine gelee, and dill and olive powder- Sea Bass with Dried Fish Eggs- Rum emulsion, butternut squash and butternut squash chips, and molasses- Trio of Veal (braised cheek, sweetbreads, and loin) with house-made pappardelle, trumpet mushrooms, and sliced black truffle- Filet of bison (cooked sous vide) with cocoa beans, dried cauliflower, and cauliflower puree- Cheese course (the cart could have offered more than the 7 cheeses they had, but the 3 I had were great)- Pre-Dessert: White chocolate and coconut ball with milk inside.  Apparently they freeze the milk with liquid nitrogen, then roll that solid up in white chocolate and coconut.  Put it back in the fridge and serve it up after the milk melts!- Beer ice cream, Brownie, and chocolate ganache- Mignardises: Chocolate crumble, passion fruit macaroon, peanut butter, chocolate truffle, passion fruit jellyAll in all, a wonderful meal and wonderful wine pairings.  I especially liked that they give you a separate wine pairing for each cheese chosen from the cart... this is a great touch and one I have never encountered before.
5	I have to ask -- Why is this place empty?  This was quite possibly one of the better tastings I have *ever* had in terms of flavor, and that's including the likes of French Laundry and Per Se.  It's in the bottom floor of a hotel, and we walked up the stairs which were flanked by a pair of Ferrari's and a Bently (somewhat intimidating) to the doorman who let us in.  It's Interesting decor in the main area once you pass reception, kind of a mix between modern (with the huge XO sign) and classic with the enormous faux pillars 'holding up' the overlooking balconies.  We had the tasting around 8pm for two and we were 1 of 3 tables in the entire restaurant -- It was a Sunday, but 3 tables?  Weird, but whatever.  I took a quick look at the menu and noticed that the tasting was not on the menu, not sure if the waiter was going to advertise it as I inquired the moment he came up.  It was surprising it wasn't on there -- but I guess I didn't give him a chance.  Anyway, I immediately asked if I could substitute the fish/seafood dishes, and they were very accommodating and said it was no problem.  My first dish (a substitute) was some kind of cured beef (don't recall the name) that was lightly cooked and placed in a broth, awesome -- I have never actually experienced a beef flavor like that.  Next (a substitute) was veal cheek and some sort of savory onions.  I have never had veal cheek before, and it was very tender and slightly fatty, but not chewy in the slightest.  The onions were a perfect flavor to add to the beef.My date had the first two seafood dishes, the first being a trio of different flavored oysters, and the second being escalops of some sort.  She said they were both very delicious, but I cant really comment beyond that.Third was a pork risotto with thin pieces of pork within the risotto made with pork stock -- absolutely delicious.  Both of us were asking: "How is risotto really this good?"Fourth was probably my favorite dish, thinly sliced (filet I think) beef over mashed potatoes and (vidalia I think) onions.  Beef was cooked perfectly, and the mashed potatoes and onions were a perfect match with the beef.For the fifth course we added a cheese plate and opted to go with all five cheeses.  All were from Quebec, and all were....Amazing.  The leftovers are in my hotel fridge as we speak, we did not want to waste any of it.  Additionally they had these *very* thinly sliced pieces of toasted bread that came with it.  I inquired, and apparently to get the slices that thin, the freeze the bread before slicing it -- pretty inventive.The sixth course was desert, and it was a carrot cake with pineapple glaze and curry ice cream.  I was skeptical of the ice cream, but it all went very well together.They finish up with a chocolate dish with nuts of some sort, I only tired a piece, it was pretty good.  Additionally, it was our anniversary and they brought out a special flaming parfait type thing with candies at the end, pretty classy.  I only mentioned it in passing when we first talked to the doorman when we got there -- pretty awesome attention to detail. We also had the wine pairings for an additional 50$ or so, WELL worth it.  Every pairing was spot on, and they also paired the cheese with a great port for me and an excellent red for my date.  If you come here for the tasting you would have to be crazy not to get the pairing for just another 50$.All in all, probably one of the best tastings I have had, especially for that much money.  All in we were at like 350$ before tip, really not that bad for a 3 hour dinner for seven courses with wine pairings + cheese and 3 drinks.  Again, I enjoyed this more than the likes of Per Se, French Laundry (why in the hell do neither of these have wine pairings?!) and others.  It was a great experience and I would certainly go back.  5 Stars hands down.
5	Amazing. Great job they did with decore
5	Truly fine dining. Delicious tasting menu, impressive wine list, friendly and unpretentious staff, comfortable seating, and beautiful ambiance. The food and the staff made celebrating our anniversary a very special occasion. Even the music was nice! Couldn't ask for anything better!
3	I had the 6-course tasting menu and came on a week night when the restaurant was at about 25% capacity. For good reason. First, the service. Nowhere near the quality of a three-star restaurant (Sorry, John P--you're wrong). Don't mention this restaurant in the same sentence as Per Se, French Laundry, Alinea, or Daniel--I've been to all of them and this place is nowhere near that kind of quality. We had to ask for drinks several times. Our food was awkwardly paced with 10 minute breaks between some dishes and then 2 minute breaks between other dishes. At best, this would be a one-star restaurant in terms of service.Second, the food. It was ok. It wasn't great, and it wasn't bad. If I was staying at the St James and just needed a meal without leaving, I'd come here, but with all the alternatives around the neighborhood, forget it. Here's the difference between Per Se and French Laundry--they never repeat a single item on their (larger) tasting menu. In our six course menu, we had some form of curry twice (33% of the dishes), some form of chocolate three times (50% of the dishes), and everything was overly sweet. Each item by itself would have been good, but the point of a tasting menu is that dishes should interact and lead into each other. Would I recommend this place for the food? No. Was I impressed by the wine list? Yes.
5	Great baked goods and irish coffee!
5	This restaurant was located in the hotel I was staying at. I had already eaten dinner but thought about having an after dinner drink. The atmosphere is absolutely incredible,huge crystal chandeliers, massive sofas, beautiful lighting. The ceilings are at least 30 feet high. The details around all the walls really are beautiful. Its as if your in a french palace. Nice place to drink and kick back. The service was very good, but it should be for the cost of a drink. My vodka with soda water was $20.00. I didn't mind since the atmosphere was so nice.
3	I was there for lunch. The atmosphere was very nice but the restaurant was empty. the service was good. The food was good as well. Liked the most the long list of fine wine selections. Even not disapointing I don't think I will rush to go back there again
2	Underwhelming. Went with a group of 8, place was empty aside from a large group (30+). Ambiance: 4-stars, classy. Menu: limited selection, meat heavy and lacks any sophistication. Food: onion soup tasted bland (colored water), goat cheese beet salad had no goat cheese, etc. Filet was good but consisted of a chunk of meet with no sides. Salmon was a ridiculously small, overcooked piece. 1 star. Drinks: great wine selection, decent cocktail list. 3-starsService: attentive, but sommelier kept skipping the two ladies at the table, which was rude (and you should always start with the ladies...) 2-stars.
5	I had the pleasure of having my engagement party here. It was a small, intimate, family-only affair, and it was absolutely beautiful.The restaurant is one of the most gorgeous spaces I have ever seen. Beautiful chandeliers, breathtaking ceiling trims, stunning chandeliers, and grand balconies. One of my criterias when picking a restaurant for my engagement dinner was that it had to be pretty. And being in XO is like being in a sexy, ornate, royal palace. We had the tasting menu, and everything was good. To be honest, I did not critique the food as much as I usually do when I eat out, but months later my fiance's cousin still talks about the lamb we had at XO. So yes, I guess the food was excellent. :)The service was immaculate from start to end. As soon as we entered through the doors, they took our coats, the cake, any extra bags and stored them away, and we were then led upstairs up the grand staircase to the top level. Our server (can't believe I cant remember his name) was charming, attentive and beyond helpful. He explained everything with a smile on his face, stayed out of the way throughout most of the dinner, but then magically appeared beside you whenever you wanted him. He got us sparklers for our cake, and when the first two pairs fizzled out before we were done taking our pictures, he produced another pair from his pocket with a "I got extras, just in case". It's the little things. He was so well-trained, professional, and pleasant to deal with.. One of the best servers we have ever had in Montreal. In the end, we wrapped up our celebratory dinner, shared some cake with our server too and took the rest to go. We left very very happy with the evening - everything had gone perfectly, thanks to the expert staff at XO. We were treated like guests in a beautiful royal palace. It was an amazing experience, and XO has garnered a special place in my heart. Just as we were stepping out the door, our host said "Goodnight. Hope to see you for the wedding." ..He just might ;-)
2	It is very, very hard to pull off molecular gastronomy without coming across as a poseur or an amateur. Unfortunately, XO tries hard but does not achieve the gold.At its core, molecular gastronomy is offering the guest an experience, versus food. The truth is that XO lacks the resources to make this happen. They are using a finite group of people to try to do what New York City or L.A. restaurants do with three times the staff.  The result is that there are problems.For example, my salmon was a good piece of salmon. Like most other restaurants today, the salmon was dumped into a sous vide cooker, and was done perfectly. While most restaurants would have crisped the outside in a skillet in order to accomplish a nice golden crust on the fish, the molecular genius decided that this was not necessary. Instead of a crisp fish crust, they would serve perfectly crispy side vegetables to take the place of the crust.  Brilliant!  Except the desired crispness never materialized.  Instead, I got fish jello.The staff wants to do well. Really.  And they are absolutely attentive.  But this kind of dish cannot be accomplished without doubling the kitchen staff.Similar stories could be told about every course, for every diner.  My suggestion for the person in charge of creative control is this: it is better to do very little, perfectly, than to be ambitious, but fall short of gold.For 450 Canadian you might do better elsewhere. A perfect steak frites might be a better formula than a fish that someone meditated upon and served with tea steam.
4	Love this space.  We came early (pre-concert), shared a bunch of appetitzers from the bar menu, then when the dinner menu became available (after 6pm), had shared a couple entrees.  The food combo and flavours were excellent. Staff service was wonderful, and we had great comfy seats in a gigantic booth overlooking most of the lounge!
5	I absolutely love XO!  The service is always terrific, the food excellent and the ambience is out of this world.  Great for client meetings as well.
5	Every once in a while, I have the desire to really go all out with a meal. Never mind picking a few options from the menu - I want the tasting menu with the wine pairings. I want to take out my tie, pocket square and jacket and go fancy. Go somewhere where the initial though is "Well I can't do this too often" and the bill at the end of the night reflects that. In the end, the experience is what I am after. Well, last month, I was presented with such a opportunity in one of the most beautiful spots in Montreal.The St. James Hotel in the old port is one of Montreal most well known boutique hotel. Located inside the hotel is XO Le Restaurant. A restaurant that certainly makes quite the impression when you walk in. Beautiful high ornate ceilings, chandeliers, Roman columns, beautiful staircases leading to 2 mezzanines overlooking a lounge space and a dining space - it is quite the looker. You can't help but stare around you throughout your time in the restaurant.For this evening, at the recommendation of one of my dining companions' friends (who, for the purpose of disclosure here, works in the restaurant and led our service), we were going with their signature 6 course tasting menu with associated wine pairings.Our first course was thinly sliced Princess scallops with nitrogen frozen oranges and a trio of cauliflower paired with a Niagara Riesling. A precursor of things to come, the presentation was beautiful - the whole dish in a large seashell, sitting on a bed of rocks with dry ice poured underneath by our server. A little over the top with the dry ice? Sure but it added extra flair to the whole proceedings which definitely seemed in line with the setting. The dish itself was quite good - the scallops were perfectly executed, the orange added some zest and the cauliflower a little crunch.The second course brought forth Black bass with white beans, parsley puree and a Meyer lemon beurre blanc sauce paired with a glass of Meursault. Another great looking dish that was delicious as well. The fish was cooked perfectly - flaky and moist but with a great skin crispness on top. The beurre blanc brought some richness and had the unmistakable hint of the Meyer lemons.The third course was a little richer as we got a Foie gras Tartin with apple ice cider jelly on top, pecan crumble and a apple maple reduction paired with a lovely French Chenin blanc. Just an amazing combination of great technique and great flavours. The fatty foie gras, the sweetness of the apple maple reduction, the beautiful texture of the ice cider jelly and the extremely fine texture of the pecan crumble - there was not a single thing not to like on this plate.The fourth course continued along similar lines as the previous one as we got a white truffle risotto with a white chocolate sauce and chestnuts, all paired with a glass of 2007 Barbaresco Paje. This was by far the most filling dish we got on this evening. The white chocolate sauce was a surprise to all of us when it was mentioned but once we tried it, it made perfect sense - a touch of sweetness to offset the inherent creaminess and richness of risotto. The addition of white truffle was wholly unnecessary but oh so perfect.The fifth course was Stag with sweet potato done 2 ways and dehydrated Nutella, paired with (appropriately enough) a glass of Stag's leap Petit Syrah. The sweet potatoes, both in puree and galette form, were delicious and the Stag itself was well prepared - very much showcasing the natural gaminess of the meat. The crazy element here was the dehydrated Nutella - such a unique preparation of that item but one that works so well within this dish. The chocolate and hazelnut flavours paired very nicely with the lean meat.Prior to the final course of dessert, we got a palate cleanser in the form of a Hibiscus tapioca. This was the one dish of the meal that I did not enjoy. It certainly served its purpose as a palate cleanser and it was beautiful to look at but Hibiscus is not a flavour that I enjoy.The dessert course itself was a orange flan with fennel ice cream and 3 crumbles: olive oil, black pepper and sea salt. Very unique flavours for a dessert but everything worked very nicely. Great texture to both the ice-cream and the flan. The 3 crumbles were amazing - great flavours without being overbearing. Individually, each worked well with the flan but they also worked well in combination.And to finish off the whole, a small plat including a Mint chip, house caramel and dark chocolate truffle were provided with the checks. All 3 were great - particularly the house caramel. 4 hours after we sat down, we were stuffed - 6 courses and 5 glasses of wine will do that to you. This meal was very much an experience - a pricey one for sure - but an experience nevertheless worth having. The service was impeccable, the decor jaw dropping, the food and wine spot-on. The sticker shock may be hard to get by but believe me - you'll be satisfied in the end.Cheers!
5	Our trip to Montreal and Le Saint James Hotel was nothing short of perfect.  High praise indeed, coming from a very discriminating guest.Breakfast at XO was nothing short of happiness.  Our trip to Montreal was one to explore the food and culture.  The chef and team truly understand what it is to prepare food properly.  Silver table settings, hot plates, eggs cooked to perfection, braising the ham in broth and toasted coconut on the banana pancakes.  Each evening Nick would proclaim at dinner "I can't have desert, I have to leave room for breakfast".  As a New Yorker and culinary enthusiast, I was truly pleased and have to admit, breakfast was a highlight of my trip.Not only do we adore Montreal, but we truly appreciate the attention to detail and professionalism of the staff.  We will absolutely be returning and truly thank Le Saint James for being a contributor to our amazing weekend.
3	This is a place to go to experience sheer beauty and extravagance when it comes to the room and their great wine list. I've attended two business dinners here. While I truly enjoyed drinking expensive French wines, the food is just too unconventional and strange. The other night I had the asparagus starter, which consisted of one under cooked fresh green spear, and one semi pickled white spear,  The spears laid on two different kinds of foam and covered with flower petals and other garnishes.  It looked more like a flower arrangement than a dish.  For the main I had a strange concoction of freshly made fava beans pasta served with seafood and proscuito sauce. The pasta reminded me of buckwheat soba noodles.  Unfortunately this mixture was only tad better than the two spears of asparagus.  However my carnivore colleagues thoroughly enjoyed their steak and foie gras.
3	I am not so high on this place. The night we ate here it was really empty. There might have been one other table and we sat down around 7:30p.  The interior looks like a small old palace. Maybe it's an old bank.  Super ornate but the walls were painted in a shinny gray color.  It's kind of strange.  Wasn't my style. Too trendy.  The food was along the same lines. Trendy and just ok.
2	The eighties called and they want their pretentious food back. They charged me $12 dollars for one white and green asparagus spear covered a some sauce and edible flowers that were bitter and did not complement at all. Sigh, it was also served on a mirror. I should have known the place was not good. Completely empty from the time we started our meal until we left around 9pm.
2	4 stars for the food (well, maybe 3.5), but 0 for service, which reached the "holy hell how is it so bad?" territory.Literally every single dish ordered, all the way down to the post-meal cappuccino, was given to the wrong person. How does that happen? Unless our server has dyscalculia, I just don't see how it's possible (though if he did, I feel kinda bad, though maybe he could've said something?).Further, we were either in "smother with upsell" mode or "quietly ignore" mode throughout the meal.Coup de grace was asking for a wine bottle recommendation under $70 and being told he couldn't recommend anything. Really? Then either (1) don't have them on the menu or (2) lie. But please, don't (3) make us feel cheap at your 3x-4x markup of some mediocre-to-begin with wine offerings. Completely offensive.My meal was the curry-cauliflower soup (nice taste, a good amount of heat, but a little unfulfilling) and the duck confit salad. Not *great* confit, but not bad. Wouldn't recommend it unless you really really are in the mood and have not-too-high expectations.Montreal has way too much good food and service to return here.
5	Magnifique! Sophisticated and the cuisine was spectacular. This is the essence of fine dining and ambiance.
